For Raven 
My inspiration to a more content life


The Arora Saga
Fury of the Sun

By

CR Delport

* * * * *
PUBLISHED BY:

CR Delport at Smashwords

Cover Art:

www.myebookcover.co.za

Fury of the Sun

Copyright © 2014 by CR Delport


Chapter 1

“Linda, I remember why I’m here,” Sam said.
He stared at the brilliant lights of the Aurora Borealis dancing across the sky, his face a mixture of confusion and concern.
Linda laid a hand on Sam’s cheek. “Do you remember something?”
He frowned and shook his head. “Eh, no, not exactly.”
Sam pointed towards the night sky. “I don’t know why, or how, but I’m sure that’s the reason I was sent here.”
Linda grabbed his face in both hands.  “Sam, you’re not making any sense. Who sent you here?” she asked with a faint hint of panic in her voice.
He took her hands in his and kissed them gently. “Linda, I don’t know how to explain this. I’m not remembering anything specific, it’s more like a feeling I have. If I try to focus on it, then there is just a dark void in my mind. Ugh, this is so frustrating,” Sam said and threw his arms in the air.
When Sam stumbled into the town of White River, barely alive, he realized he had no memory of who he was, where he came from, or how he got there. This was the first hint he had of any connection to his past.
Together they sat down on the steps leading up to the porch of her small farmhouse. The building was covered in darkness. For nearly a year, that had been his home too. The only one he knew.
“Sam, you said you remember why you’re here. Why did you say that?” she asked.
Sam looked down at her lovely, concerned face, and into the bright, emerald green eyes that sparkled in the lights of the Aurora. “When I stepped out here and saw those lights, I just knew that’s why I’m here.”
Linda shook her head, her face a question mark. “I don’t understand. If you can’t remember anything, how could you possibly know that?”
He stared at the lights for a moment, and then took her hand in his. “Linda, I just know. It’s how I knew to fix the pump, or shoot a rifle. It’s not like I remember doing it before, but somehow, I just know. Like I said, it’s more a feeling than a memory. Now that I think about it, I don’t even know why I said that, but I had the distinct feeling that I was sent here by someone to do something, but I can’t remember what.”
Linda detected the frustration in Sam’s voice, and leaned her head against his shoulder. “Don’t worry. I’m sure it will come to you.”
Sam sighed. “I hope so, because I have a feeling that it’s very important.”
For a moment they stared at the lights in silence. Near the dam, outside the guardhouse, Ernie Hanson and his squad were on guard duty. They also gazed at the spectacular sight in wonder. Never before were the Aurora lights seen that far south. Most of them had only seen it in pictures.
A year ago, it was possible to go inside, switch on a television, or search the internet for information, but now they were completely cut off from the rest of the world. The only electricity they had was provided by solar panels. They had no television signal, nor any phone reception. The landlines were dead, and the only information they got was gathered by their scouts.
Commander Frank Hurley, the one in charge of security, sent out regular scout parties to search for anything useful. Occasionally they ran across a hidden warehouse that contained goods or food, which helped in their quest for survival. In the beginning the scouts frequently ran into dwellers and stray groups, but in recent times, they had not seen any. There used to be a rogue group of Raiders hiding out in Dumas, but after they captured Linda, Sam led a party there and destroyed the group.
Linda came to her feet, held out her hands, and Sam gently took them in his.
“Come, let’s try and get some rest. In the morning, you can go talk to Doc Percy. Maybe he can shed more light on this,” she said and pulled him to his feet.
At the top of the steps, Sam stopped and glanced back at the lights in the sky. He didn’t voice it to Linda, but he hoped Doc could help. The uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach told him that whatever he couldn’t remember was very important. He also had an uncomfortable feeling that it was dangerous. More dangerous than anything they had to deal with thus far.
Linda was already concerned, and he didn’t want to worry her with something he didn’t understand himself. He opened the screen door, held it for her, and as she entered, he glanced back once more at the puzzling lights before he followed her to their bedroom.
After Linda’s abduction, Sam insisted on increased security at the farm. Four years previously, her sister brought her to White River against her will, but she soon fell in love with the place and bought the farm to settle down. Before the drought, she supplied the town with fresh vegetables which she grew in three greenhouse tunnels. When the water wells dried because of the drought, she had to stop.
After she brought Sam to the farm, he discovered that one of the two wells was drilled to a much greater depth than the other. It stopped working because of a broken pump, but because both wells stopped giving water at roughly the same time, she assumed both had dried. After Sam fixed the pump, the well delivered water again and they were able to grow vegetables once more, only this time, not for money, but to keep the town alive. With the help of the townspeople, they now had nine vegetable and eight barley tunnels that provided Andy Dunham with enough supplies to feed the town.
Andy used to run one of the town’s diners, and when he remained the only one operational, became the natural choice of Mayor Timothy Ryan to cook for the entire town. He took over the old school mess hall, and served meals twice a day. 
Barley, a quick growing grain, required Sam to devise an air conditioning system in the tunnels. While it was in excess of forty degrees Celsius outside, the barley tunnels ran at a cool eighteen degrees. An array of solar panels provided the electricity needed to run the air conditioners and the pump station, which delivered water from the dam to the tunnels.
Two wind pump structures stood side by side next to the dam, their rotors turning eagerly in the ever present breeze. The pumps provided enough water to feed all the tunnels, and gave enough drinking water to supply the town. Sam had a washing area built on the farm where workers from town took turns to do everybody’s laundry. There was also a shower area where they could take a quick shower after a hard day’s work to wash away the sweat and dirt.
Thanks to the barley, and the straw that remained after a harvest, Sam and Linda were able to feed the livestock. The two Canadian geese were the first to arrive. They showed up one morning on the dam, and decided to stay. Next was Daisy the cow, which Sam received as payment for a tanker, filled with water. Sam also received four chickens as a gift from Moira Adams, the leader of a group located at Hot Springs.
With the threat of raiders now removed from the immediate area, the people of White River settled in for a quieter life. Sam’s newfound information was sure to wake them from their slumber once more.
At the break of dawn, four new squads arrived on the farm for the dayshift. Sam and Linda left instructions for the day’s work with one of the squad leaders, Carl Burns. It was customary when Sam left the farm, that he would leave one of the squad leaders in charge to oversee the tasks set out for the day.
Fuel was a scarce commodity and only the most necessary vehicles were operated. Sam and Linda joined the rest of the returning guard on the back of on old truck, and headed to town. The truck dropped everyone off at the Command Centre, which used to be the town’s police station, but was now occupied by the town’s security officer, Commander Frank Hurley.
Sam and Linda walked the two blocks to the hospital.
Fay Dunlop, Linda’s best friend, was on duty when they arrived.
“Linda, what a surprise,” Fay said and rushed over to hug her friend. “What brings you here? I thought I would only see you at Friday night’s dance.”
Linda pointed to Sam. “He needs to see Doc.”
Fay frowned. “Why, is there something wrong?”
Sam shook his head. “No, it’s just something I need to discuss with him.”
Fay relaxed her shoulders and smiled. “Oh, in that case, let me see if he’s up yet.”
Doctor William Percy, the town’s only remaining doctor, converted one of the rooms in the hospital into a permanent residence. The only staff at his disposal was Fay and one other nurse. All the other staff left when most of the townspeople relocated during the early stages of the drought.
The town once boasted a population of nearly five thousand, but only a thousand or so remained.
A few minutes later Fay returned. “Doc says he will see you in five minutes.”
Sam nodded and smiled at Linda. “Why don’t you two catch up while I speak with Doc?”
Linda frowned. She was curious what Doc would say, but knew Sam would inform her later. She stared after him as he walked with his easy, long strides down the hall.
Doc Percy, a short stocky man with beady eyes that appeared too small for his round face, arranged papers on his desk when Sam entered his office.
“Why do you disturb me so early in the morning?” he asked in his usual grumpy voice.
“Morning, Doc,” Sam said and flopped into the chair in front of the desk.
Sam quickly explained the events on the farm and the moment Doc realized the seriousness, he left the papers and took a seat behind his desk.
“Does it feel like actual memories?” Doc asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, Doc, my memory is still blank. It’s more like a feeling, something instinctive. Probably the same way I know what an apple tastes like, although I never ate one, at least not that I can remember.”
Doc scratched his bald head. “I never heard of anything like it, but then again, I never had an amnesiac patient before. This feeling you have, can you describe it?”
Sam thought for a moment then shook his head. “Doc, it’s as if it’s right there, but the moment I try to focus, it disappears. I know I was sent here to warn someone about something dangerous, and the aurora have something to do with it, but I don’t know what.”
Sam dropped his hands helplessly in his lap. Doc stared at him for a moment.
“Sam, whatever it is, put it out of your mind. You’re more likely to remember if you let it come to you, rather than dwell on it. Let it happen like it did last night. A sight of something, or a smell, might trigger a memory. Trying to force it won’t help.”
Sam sighed. “Thanks, Doc. Of course you’re right, but that doesn’t make it any easier. I don’t want to scare the townspeople, so let’s keep this between us for now.”
Doc nodded. “Yes, that’s probably a good idea.”
Sam got to his feet.
“How’s Linda?” Doc asked.
Sam smiled. “She’s doing fine. I’m not letting her out of my sight again,” Sam said and looked down the hallway where Linda and Fay stood swapping stories at the reception desk.
Doc watched Sam leave. For a long time he stared at the skeleton in the corner, then finally got up, and headed to the library. He needed to find something in his medical books to try and help Sam.
Sam joined Linda where she and Fay discussed the events from the previous night. Sam didn’t mind that Linda told her best friend what happened, and informed them what the doctor said.
“So are you just supposed to forget what happened?” Fay asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, not forget. Doc only suggested that I don’t try so hard to remember.”
Fay snorted. “Good luck on that.”
Sam knew what she meant. With something so important, how could he not try to remember? 
“I hope this doesn’t mean you’re not coming to the dance Friday?” Fay asked.
Sam grinned. The weekly Friday night dance that Fay, Janine and Linda organized was the only form of entertainment left in the town. Sam found that he had a lot of talents, but dancing was not one of them. The ladies took great pleasure in teaching him, and he had to admit, although not good at it, he enjoyed himself.
“I won’t miss it,” he said.
Fay leaned over to Linda and whispered loud enough that Sam could hear her. “Don’t forget your steel-tipped shoes.”
Linda laughed. “He hasn’t stepped on my toes in weeks.”
“Well, I hate to break this up, but we have to get back to the farm. Tomorrow we have a barley harvest, and we have some preparation work to do,” Sam said.
Fay and Linda hugged and said their goodbyes.
Fay stared at Sam and Linda as they walk through the empty parking lot hand-in-hand. She and her family owed their lives to Sam. They were holed up in a cave on their uncle’s farm to escape the deadly raiders that roamed the area, but ran out of food and water.
Her husband, Clive, ran into one of the town’s scout patrols, who reported back to Sam. Sam agreed to meet them and took an immediate liking to Clive. He organized that they could move into the town. They were accepted as residents and now do their part. Before the drought, Fay worked as a nurse in Little Rock, a skill that came in handy in White River.
Sam looked into Linda’s eyes. “Don’t worry, everything will be fine.”
She smiled and laid her head against his arm. “As long as you’reby my side, I know it will.”

Chapter 2

The eastern horizon slowly changed color when Sam stepped out onto the porch. The aroma from the cup of coffee in his hand hung in the air. Next to the dam by the chicken coop, the rooster flapped his wings as if to warm up before his first crow of the day echoed over the farm.
It promised to be a busy day. With a barley harvest, the worker allocation for the day would double, making it quite crowded on the farm. The bus bringing the workers was not due for another few hours. 
Sam tried to follow Doc’s advice and not dwell on the issue of his memory, but as he stared north, the lights danced in the sky as if they taunted him. Every time he looked at the dashing display of colors, an uneasy feeling settled in the pit of his stomach.
Sam placed his empty coffee cup on the porch’s rail, and walk towards the chicken coop. Next to the chicken coop were two small sheds. The one on the left was a see-through hydroponics shed, built by George Kingsley.
Before the drought, George Kingsley was the biggest rancher in the area, and a powerful man. He had to watch his stock perish one by one due to the water storage, until nothing was left. Before he became a farmer, he studied to be an engineer, and it was those skills that proved a big help to Sam and the rest of the town.
Sam took two slabs of green barley grass from the Hydro shed and fed it to the chickens. The chickens got fed twice a day, barley grass in the morning, and two handfuls of barley seed in the afternoon.
Next to the Hydro bay, was the incubator shed. George constructed an incubator for the eggs in an attempt to extend their chicken population. For seven days they collected eggs from the three hens, and were able to put down twelve eggs for incubation. The twenty-one day incubation period expired and Sam peeked through the little window of the incubator.
He saw four broken shells, and when he looked to the side of the box, four little chicks stared back at him.
“Oh my, look at you,” he said.
He stepped out of the shed and noticed Linda on the porch.
“You got to come see this,” he called out to her.
Linda ran down and peeked into the box.
“Look at that,” she said. “Aren’t they the cutest? Look, there’s two more trying to break out of their shells.”
The small chicks had soft yellowish feathers with a hint of red.
“I thought all chicks were yellow?” Sam said.
“No, it depends on the breed. Rhode Island Red chicks have more red than yellow. When their adult feathers grow in, the yellow disappears completely.”
News of the six newborn chicks spread quickly and provided more excitement that day than the barley harvest. The following morning the chicks were moved to a small cage and fed barley seeds, which Linda grounded into mash. Workers queued at the shed to catch a glimpse of the small miracles. Live animals became such a rarity that Sam gave the order that no animal would be harmed if found alive.
Friday afternoon Sam and Linda caught a ride into town with the truck transporting the water bottles. They were to attend the dance, but it would end too late for them to return to the farm and arranged to spend the night in town at Janine’s house.
Linda was close to her sister, but the events the last year in White River brought them even closer. Janine Carter used to be the sheriff of the town, but now fulfilled the role of a squad leader. She pulled more guard duty on the farm than any other squad leader, and everyone knew it was due to Sam’s influence so that Linda could spend time with her sister.
There was still time before the dance started, and Sam and Linda decided to take a stroll through town. They walked hand-in-hand through the mostly deserted streets until they reached the sandy park.
“It is hard to believe this park was once a green field covered with grass and flowers,” Linda said. Sam detected the sadness in her voice and gave her hand a gentle squeeze.
Near the lonely dusty bench, two small children played. They blew bubbles through a ring and Sam watched the soap bubbles float on the air. The sunlight bounced off them and displayed all the colors of the rainbow as they drifted away on the breeze.
A particular large bubble had difficulty holding its shape and drifted slowly past Sam and Linda. She laughed and tried to catch the bubble, but Sam stood frozen to the spot, his eyes fixed on the object.
Linda frowned. “Sam, are you alright?”
The bubble, reflecting a multitude of colors in the sunlight, stirred something deep in Sam’s mind. Something knocked against the thick, dark walls in his head, desperate to get out.
“That’s it,” Sam said and pointed to the soap created object that floated higher into the sky where it burst to send a small shower of water to the ground. “That’s how it was explained to me, a giant soap bubble heading to earth.”
Linda frowned. “Huh?”
Sam jumped up and grabbed her hand. “I need to speak to Frank before I lose my grasp on this.”
Linda knew Sam well enough to recognize the urgency in his voice. Over the past few months their love for each other had grown into a relationship where they understood each other. They could be in the same room together and not say a word, yet enjoy each other’s company. In this instance, she knew not to ask unnecessary questions, Sam would explain it soon enough.
They crossed the park and walked up the steps and entered the Command Center. Frank Hurley sat behind his desk. His steely gray eyes matched his silver hair. At sixty, his lanky frame was well muscled and his reputation as a tough man was well deserved.
Seated in front of him were the lifelong friends, Nick Hartley and Jake Green. They were together in the Special Forces and their unique skills came in handy in the defense of White River. They were also regarded as miracle workers as they had a knack for finding whatever Sam needed on the farm.
The trio turned towards the door when Sam and Linda entered the building.
“Morning, farm boy,” Nick greeted. Together with a few other people in town, Sam regarded Nick and Jake as close friends.
“Huh oh, that look means trouble,” Jake said and the three men came to their feet.
“Don’t tell me there’s trouble on the farm,” Frank said.
Sam shook his head. “No, everything’s fine.”
Frank frowned, but didn’t ask and waited for Sam to explain.
Sam gave them a quick rundown of the events when he first saw the northern lights and his visit to the Doc. 
“Until now, I didn’t even have a glimmer of my past,” Sam said and when the men’s eyes widened, he held up his hands. “Easy now, I still don’t remember anything. But when Linda and I sat in the park and watched those kids play with the soap bubbles, something did stir.” 
Every pair of eyes in the room locked on him in anticipation. 
“When I saw the lights, I told Linda that they were the reason I’m here. Actually, it’s more what causes the auroras that brought me here.” 
Anticipation turned to confusion. 
“Don’t ask me how I know this, I just do,” Sam said and rubbed a hand over his head. Will these people believe what he had to say, or will they think he lost his mind?
“On the sun, there are these huge storms that causes solar flares which sends out dangerous solar winds into space. Every now and again these storms are directed at earth and cause the auroras because they mess with the earth’s magnetic field. As Nick and Jake found out, the scientist blames these solar winds for the drought we’re having. As we saw by the dazzling display of lights the past few nights, it’s getting worse. Auroras have never been seen this far south, at least not in our lifetime.”
Everyone was uncertain what Sam’s words meant, and Linda voiced it. “Are we in any danger?”
Sam took a sip from a water bottle before he continued. “When solar flares erupt, it sends solar winds hurtling towards earth. The shock-waves of solar winds cause geomagnetic storms that can knock out satellites and power grids. This has already been happening for a while. This used to happen all the time, but not on such a large scale that it has a worldwide effect. For some reason, and I don’t know why, there’s one big, continuous storm on the sun. This caused a geomagnetic plasma wave that’s traveling a lot slower than normal solar winds. I believe such a plasma wave is headed towards earth, and I was sent to warn someone about it.”
Sam’s words surprised him as much as it did the others. For a moment everyone gaped at him.
“And you remember this?” Linda asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, I know this for a fact, but I don’t know how.”
“This is weird. Do you have any idea who sent you?” Nick asked.
Sam sighed. “No idea. I think I might have been working with a scientist or someone like that, and was sent to deliver a message, but something happened along the way that caused my amnesia. I do recall that the wave was explained to me as a giant soap bubble that’s headed to earth, only you can’t see it in space with the naked eye.”
The Commander scratched his head, trying to get his mind around what Sam said. “What happens when this giant bubble hits Earth? Are we all toast?”
Sam shook his head. “No, nothing that dramatic.” 
Every face in the room showed relief. 
Sam looked at them for a moment. “But it’s going to act like a giant electromagnetic pulse, knocking out everything electronic or electric.” 
Nick and Jake stared at each other, knowing about EMP’s from their days in the Special Forces. 
“I know enough about EMP’s to know that it causes an electric flow overload, but you can protect an electric circuit by insulating it,” Nick said.
Sam nodded. “Yes, you can, but it won’t work against this. The wave is just too powerful.” 
Jake frowned and asked, “There’s nothing we can do to protect against it?” 
Sam answered without thinking, “Just one thing, make sure everything that runs on electricity is switched off when it hits.” 
Stumped, Jake said, “Oh.”
Everybody stared in front of them, thinking about what Sam said. 
Linda lifted her head and asked in a small voice. “So when is this thing suppose to get here?” 
Sam shrugged. “I have no idea, but I’m sure we’ll know it when it’s going to happen. An event that big won’t happen all of a sudden, it’s something we’ll see coming.”
“I hope so, because if we can see it coming we can switch everything off before it hits,” Janine said. Everyone was so caught up in what Sam said; no one noticed when Linda’s sister walked in and listened in silence.
Although sisters, in appearance they were nothing alike. Where Linda had long, dark-red hair with brilliant emerald coloured eyes, Janine had short blonde hair with light blue eyes. Although both women had the same height and athletic builds, Janine didn’t have the same womanly curves of her sister.
When Sam first arrived in White River, Janine didn’t trust him, nor liked him. Once he moved in on the farm, she was even more suspicious, but when she saw that he had Linda’s best interest and happiness at heart, she warmed to him.
When Linda was abducted and they searched and rescued her together, she realized that he was family. Sam almost died from his wounds sustained during the rescue, and Janine and Linda took turns keeping vigil at his bed.
“How long do you reckon we have?” she asked.
Sam shrugged. “To be honest, I have no idea.”
The Commander had been deep in thought for a while, stood up and walked around the desk. “Sam, you talked earlier like it happened before?”
Again, Sam answered without thinking. “I believe something similar happened in the 1850’s, although not quite on this scale. Before that too, but back in those days the people were not so reliant on electricity, so the effects were hardly noticeable. Also, those storms were not quite as bad as this one though.”
     Linda frowned. “Sam, how do you know all this if your memory’s not returning?” 
Sam scratched his head trying to find an answer. “I have no idea. My memory’s still a blank. This is not like a memory though, it’s something else.” 
“No, it’s not a memory. It’s more like knowledge recollection and that’s stored in a different part of the brain. That’s why, if you stop to think about it, you don’t know,” Doc said. Until he spoke, nobody even noticed he entered with Janine.
“So what do we do now? We have no idea when this plasma bubble will hit,” Jake said.
Sam shrugged. “I don’t suppose we have somebody in town that’s a solar expert?”
Everyone shook their head.
“Do you think the authorities know about this?” Janine asked. 
“We don’t even know if there’s any authority left. With no communication possible, we’ve lost track of what’s going on in the rest of the world.”
The Commander agreed. “That’s true, and I think it’s high time we find out. Nick, are you and Jake up for a scout trip?” 
Nick and Jake look at each other and smiled before Jake replied. “Of course, but we need to be back in a couple of weeks. Juliet is due in a month and she’ll kill me if I’m not there for the birth.” 
Nick nodded. “Yes, me too. Rachel already informed me not to make any plans.” Both their wives were pregnant with their first child. 
The Commander had a slight smile. “Yes, this time I’m outranked. You two better get a move on then if you want to be back in time.”

Chapter 3

News of the invisible plasma bubble spread through the small town. Everywhere Sam went people stopped and asked him if they would be alright. Sam felt bad because he didn’t have definite answers to their questions.
People filled the old school assembly hall for the Friday night dance, but instead of their usual enthusiasm, their faces were filled with worry and confusion. All around the hall people sat in huddled groups discussing the news.
Janine arrived on the arm of Terry Turner. Terry was not only in the Special Forces with Nick and Jake, they were also good friends. He and his family hid in a secure compound near Marianna, but after he aided in Linda’s rescue, Sam invited them to White River.
Since Terry and his family moved in, he became good friends with Janine. Both were squad leaders, but when not on duty they spent their time together. Linda was happy that her sister finally found someone, other than her, to share her life.
Their mother died when Linda was young, and Janine took Linda in and raised her. Of course, when Linda went through her rebellious stage, she didn’t make it easy, but Janine was always there for her.  
“Nobody’s dancing,” Janine said when they took a seat at Sam and Linda’s table. Fay and her husband, Clive, were also seated at their table.
Linda came to her feet and grabbed Sam’s hand. “Maybe we should set an example.”
Sam was not a good dancer, but that night seemed even more clumsy than usual. When Janine, Terry, Fay and Clive also joined, it had the desired effect, and more couples joined the dance floor, but the mood remained somber.
With the next dance the group swapped partners, and Janine ended up with Sam. After the dance, Janine sat down and rubbed her foot.
“Sorry,” Sam said and took a seat next to Linda. His mind was elsewhere.
Janine shook her head. “It’s probably not your fault you were born with two left feet.”
Terry walked towards them, causing Janine to smile. “Coming to rescue me?”
Terry laughed. “No, I came to show you ladies how it’s done,” he said and grabbed Sam by the arm. Quick to snap Terry’s plan, Sam grabbed him around the waist, and they set off on a dance. People scurried to the side, because the way the two danced was more like a runaway horse than an actual dance.
People started to clap and cheered them on, until they both collapsed in a tangle on the floor. Their escapade not only had the people laughing, but managed to lighten the atmosphere. By the time they made it back to the girls, the floor filled with dancers.
On the Mayor’s instruction, the small band on the stage kept the music light. Sam walked up to Linda and held out his hand.
“May I have this dance, my lady?”
Linda placed her hand in his and followed him to the dance area. He ignored the fast pace of the music, took her into his arms and they slow danced to their own rhythm.
Linda laid her head on his chest. “Sam, do you think the world will ever return to normal again?”
Sam kissed the top of her head. “I don’t remember what normal is, but this feels quite normal,” he said and pulled her closer.
She blushed and pinched his chest. “That’s not what I mean.”
He stared into her eyes, their feet moving to their own music. “I honestly don’t know.”
Wrapped in his arms, she felt safe. With him by her side, nothing could harm her. Not the murderous raiders, and sure not a stupid plasma cloud. Linda’s gaze drifted over the faces in to the hall. People’s eyes kept darting in their direction.
Frank Hurley might be in charge of the town’s security, but everyone in town looked at Sam as their leader. He saved their lives and continued to look out for their best interest. Sam didn’t ask for their support, or demand to be their leader. The turn of events made it happen.
Through the night, every pair of eyes in the hall followed Sam and Linda. They saw a man that was relaxed with the love of his life in his arms. There was no tension in his face and when he smiled, it reached his blue eyes, which shone like two brilliant, clear swimming pools.
His strength reassured them, and they followed his lead. If Sam was not worried by what was on its way, then they were not worried. For the rest of the evening people laughed and had fun. In the back corner, two heavily pregnant women sat and observed the dancing. They couldn’t share in the fun. Their husbands were out in the unknown, risking their lives to gather information for the benefit of the town.

*****

Nick and Jake led their squads southwards. Commander Hurley suggested that they make their way to the ocean where they were bound to find someone. They traveled with only three pickup trucks, two carrying personnel, and the third extra fuel, water and food.
They had their usual two motorcycle riders who scouted ahead for any sign of trouble. The trucks dragged burlap bags tied to the back to cover their tracks. The wind took care of whatever the burlap didn’t cover. When they passed an area, within two hours, any sign of them was covered by sand.
Although it aided in hiding their tracks, months of sand and wind on an unused road covered the surface, and in places, they lost the road completely and tracked through the dirt. The scouts would find the road again, courtesy of old sign posts, and then would try to stay on that path with the trucks following in their tracks.
This made the going slow and their convoy kicked up a lot of dust, which made them nervous. With nothing but sand, rocks and hills, a dust cloud was easy to spot in the distance. With all the wind around, it was an advantage that dust was not an uncommon sight.
They traveled the entire day without any sight of another person, or any sign of civilization. They passed a few small, abandoned towns along the way, mostly burnt to the ground. The legacy of the raiders that roamed the area after the law had failed. All the signs indicated no human presence in the area for months.
By nightfall, they made their way to Crosset, near the Arkansas-Louisiana state border. Most of the buildings were destroyed, and the streets littered with debris from burnt cars to broken windows and busted furniture.
Nick led the convoy along the back roads and made their way to the southern outskirts of the city. They found an apartment complex that remained intact, and after a quick inspection, decided to spend the night there.
“We can use the second floor, there are enough beds that are still in one piece, and we’ll have a good vantage point,” Jake said.
Nick nodded. “That sounds good. Let’s get these vehicles out of sight.”
Once they parked the vehicles, the group made their way to the second floor. They enjoyed a cold meal because they didn’t want to risk smoke from a fire being detected. Guards were posted and they settled in for the night.
The following morning, as soon as there was enough light, they hit the road. They crossed the state border and continued southwards. A few times dust clouds alerted them and they made for cover, but it were only dust devils.      
When they approached the outskirts of Monroe, one of the motorcycle riders approached, and Nick brought his truck to a halt.
“What’s wrong, Lance?” Nick asked when the rider pulled alongside the truck.
“There are tracks up ahead. From what I can see, several vehicles passed here not too long ago, and from the lack of dust on the road, it’s used frequently.”
Nick frowned. “Are they from the city?”
The rider shook dust from his hair. “I don’t think so. It appears the vehicles approached from the east and turned south.”
Nick and Jake looked at each other. “Do we risk going further and run into whoever left those tracks?” Jake asked.
Nick thought about it for a moment, and then shook his head. “No. Where’s Donald?”
Lance pointed ahead. “About five kilometers down the road keeping a lookout.”
“Go to him, and wait for us. If there’s any sign of trouble, send a warning.”
Lance took off on his motorcycle, while Nick and Jake got into their trucks and followed.
They continued down the road until they reached the two riders. In the distance several burnt buildings were visible.
“What now?” Lance asked when Nick and Jake joined them.
“We’ll wait here while the two of you follow those tracks and see where they lead. If you run into somebody, don’t engage them. Get out of there as quick as you can,” Nick said.
Lance nodded. “It would be best if we refuel before we go.”
While they filled up the motorcycles, Nick scouted the buildings closest to the road. Most were burnt but provided enough of a hiding place.
“We will wait by those buildings,” Nick said when he returned. Lance and Donald took off, and Nick led the convoy behind the buildings out of sight. They took up position in the closest building to the road.
“We’ll wait here for the riders,” Nick said. “If anybody else passes through, we can see them and they won’t know we’re here.”
The wait passed without incident. Four hours later, the lookout waved his arms. Nick and Jake stepped outside the building, and in the distance, the distinct sound of two approaching motorcycles could be heard.
Everyone had their weapons ready, just in case. Lance and Donald roared up the road and turned in toward them. When the two stopped and dismounted, silence returned once more to the city of Monroe.
“You guys will not believe what we saw,” Lance said.
“Well, do you plan to tell, or do you want to kill us with anticipation?” Nick asked.
“We saw the ocean,” Donald said.
For a moment, Nick and Jake were stunned.
“You went that far south?” Jake said. According to his knowledge, the ocean was several hundred kilometers away.
Lance shook his head. “No, we only went as far as Alexandria.”
Nick frowned. “I know I haven’t been down here in a few years, but the last I checked Alexandria was nowhere near the ocean.”
“Well, it is now,” Donald said.
“Alexandria is not only on the ocean, the city is filled with thousands of people. From the looks of it, the military took over the city,” Lance said.
Nick and Jake glanced at each other. “I hope you two stayed out of sight,” Nick said.
Lance nodded. “Yes we did. No one saw us. We also took a detour to get here and made sure we were not followed.”
“Well, it’s almost sundown. We’ll spend the night here and move out at first light.” Nick said.
The following morning at dawn, Lance and Donald took off to scout ahead. The rest of the convoy followed a few minutes later. Alexandria was a hundred and fifty kilometers away and they made good time. Although there was sand, it was not as thick as on the unused road further north, and they didn’t kick up as much dust.
They passed several abandoned settlements and a number of unmarked graves next to the road, either the work of the drought, or the raiders.
“We are not that far from a major city that has a lot of people. I’m surprised that we don’t see any sign of raiders. They tend to hang around until all resources are sucked out of an area,” Jake said.
“Must be the presence of the military that scared them off,” Nick replied.
Ten kilometers north of Alexandria, the convoy caught up with Lance and Donald.
“This is about as close as we can get without being detected,” Lance said.
They moved the vehicles out of sight behind a clump of buildings. Nick pulled out a map of the area.
“From here, Jake and I will continue on foot. The rest of you wait here. We will keep behind cover where we can, avoid the road, and get as close to the city as possible while there’s still light. We can then move in under the cover of darkness.”
Nick and Jake each loaded a backpack and set off on foot. They maintained a distance of several hundred meters from the road. The flatness of the land made it difficult to tell how far they were from the city.
There were a lot of buildings that offered cover, but it also meant a possible hiding place, or an ambush. They had to take time and scout an area and make sure it was safe before they moved forward.
“It will be dark soon,” Nick said.
“I wonder how far we have to go. There’s no vantage point here that we can get a better idea of what’s going on around us,” Jake said.
“We have to make sure we keep our bearing. I don’t want to get lost out here.”
“Get lost with me around?” Jake asked with mock shock.
Nick grinned. “Yeah, maybe I should’ve brought Ray.”
Ray Lightfoot was the town tracker, but was out on another assignment.
The two men peered around another building and were faced with an open area to cross. In the distance, a two hundred meter wide cavern greeted them.
“That must have been a river. You can see it used to be lined with trees,” Nick said.
On the other side of the cavern, the area on the old river bank was cleared of any trees or buildings. Everything was scraped clean, and a high fence erected around the city.
“They want to make sure people stay out,” Jake said.
Nick pointed toward the bridge in the distance where several heavily armed men in uniform manned a checkpoint. “Or maybe they want to keep the people in.”
As the daylight faded, Jake removed a container from his back pack. He flipped the lid open, and removed the night-vision glasses.
“I borrowed these from Terry,” Jake said, and attached the contraption to his head.
The men at the bridge were now clearly visible, although void of any color.
“You’re right,” Jake said. “They’re setup more for keeping someone in than keeping people out.”

Chapter 4

Jake looked past the guards at the bridge. “I don’t believe it,” he said with shock.
Nick gripped his rifle tighter. “What?” He stared into the dark but could not see anything.
Jake removed the night-vision goggles and handed them to Nick. “Here, you got to see this for yourself.”
Strapping the device to his head, Nick took a few moments to let his eyes adjust to the colorless vision.
The first thing he noticed was the fence around the city. In the direction of the city, a soft white glow was clearly visible. 
“They have power,” he remarked.
“There’s probably a power plant nearby that they keep running to supply the city,” Jake said.
Nick swung his gaze toward the bridge where four heavily armed guards stood near a small guard station. Up and down the fence, several other guards walked patrol. Spaced two hundred meters apart, lookout towers lined the fence as far as he could see. In each tower, a guard manned a mounted machine gun.
Seeing the machine guns made Nick uncomfortable, but the guns were not pointed in their direction, but rather towards the city. 
Nick frowned. “They’re definitely more concerned about keeping people in than out.”
“Yeah, that’s weird,” Jake said.
Then Nick stared past the bridge. A dark mass covered as far as he could see, but then he noticed movement in the mass. Waves broke gently and washed ashore. 
“Unbelievable! How’s this possible?” Nick asked.
“The whole planet must be this warm, which mean the polar icecaps had melted. That’s the only thing that would make sense,” Jake said.
“Makes sense, but would it push the ocean this far inland?”
“I’m surprised the river bed’s not filled with water. Surely somewhere down the line it must connect to that ocean,” Nick said.
Jake shrugged. “They must have it blocked off somewhere, which raises the question, why?”
Nick followed the riverbed away from the bridge, and then he detected movement. Two hundred meters from their location, in the middle of the dry river, someone moved along with care, as if walking on eggs. The person was in no hurry, but his actions were deliberate, checking each step before he planted a foot.
Nick tapped Jake on the shoulder and pointed towards the dark figure. “There’s someone in the river, looks like someone’s escaping.”
Jake took the goggles from Nick and peered towards the figure. “If we can intercept that guy, maybe he can give us some answers of what’s going on here.”
“Lead the way but stay behind cover. I don’t want to be spotted by those lookout towers,” Nick said. 
Using the night-vision, Jake led them back into cover behind the buildings before they made it towards the area where they spotted the man.
They stopped behind a clump of dried, half-burned trees, and were too far back to see to the bottom of the river.
“He should emerge somewhere right in front of us,” Jake said.
They waited almost an hour before Jake saw movement. The man looked around nervously, then with one last look at the nearest tower on the other side of the river, he ran for cover.
“Here he comes,” Jake whispered. “He’s heading straight for us.”
In the dim starlight, the man couldn’t see much. His aim was to get as far away from the city as possible before sunrise. The wind blew quite hard and would cover his tracks.
He noticed the clump of trees and headed there, a good hiding place to catch his breath. He ran around the first tree, and leaned with his back against it, his breathing heavy. He closed his eyes, taking a moment to savor his freedom. He heard a twig snap and his eyes flew open. He wanted to move, but was too late.
“If you move as much as a muscle, I’ll put a bullet between your eyes,” Jake said.
“If you think he can’t see you, Jake here’s wearing night vision, so he can see your every move,” Nick added.
The man stood frozen to the spot. His heart felt heavy as his short-lived freedom came to an abrupt end.
“How did you find me?” he asked.
“That doesn’t matter,” Jake said. “You’re coming with us. One false move and you’re dead. Start walking.”
The man swallowed hard. His plan that he worked out with care, had failed. He stepped away from the tree.
“It’s dark. I can’t see where I’m going,” he said.
Jake poked him in the back with his gun. “Start walking. I’ll guide you with the barrel of my rifle.” 
It took the man about twenty steps before he realized they walked away from the city. He stopped and turned.
“Where’re you taking me,” he asked. Then his eyes widened when realization hit home.
“Hey, you’re not from here!” 
Nick shook his head. “No, we’re not.”
“And you’re not taking me back to the city?” 
“No, we’re not. You’re coming with us. We have a few questions for you,” Nick said.
The man was visibly relieved. “As long as you don’t take me back there, I’ll tell you anything you want to know. We better hurry though. Once it’s daylight, they’ll discover I’m missing and might come looking for me.”
Nick and Jake were eager to put some distance between themselves and Alexandria too. The city was an unknown and it made them uncomfortable.
“What’s your name?” Nick asked.
“David. David West.”
“Well, David West, you won’t give us any trouble now, would you?” Jake asked.
“No, sir, I won’t be any trouble at all,” David said.
It was a silent journey back to the rendezvous point. With the aid of the night-vision device, they were able to walk up to the guard on duty without been seen.
“I hope you’re not sleeping on guard,” Nick said, and the guy tumbled from the drum he used as a seat.
“Nick, do you want to give me a heart attack?” Donald asked and picked his rifle from the ground.
“No, but we have to move. Wake the others. We haven’t got much time.”
Ten minutes later they were ready to go. Donald eyed the unarmed stranger, but didn’t ask any questions. If Nick and Jake wanted to explain, they would do it in their own time. David rode with Nick. Jake, still wearing the night-vision goggles, led the convoy and made sure to stay well clear of the main road.
With daylight approaching, they made it to the outskirts of Monroe. Unlike before, they passed the city to the west, staying well clear of the tracks to the east. Only once they neared the town of Crosset, did they venture back to the road. Nick sent Lance and Donald back on the motorcycles to make sure they weren’t followed.
David sat with his back against the front wheel of Nick’s truck. Jake walked over and handed him a bottle.
“Water?” he asked. 
David nodded and gulped down the liquid.
“Where are you from?” he asked.
Nick shook his head. “That’s not important. What I want to know is why you escaped from Alexandria.”
David sighed. “I had to escape to save my wife. He was about to kill her.”
Nick and Jake look at each other.
“Who wants to kill your wife?” Jake asked.
David stared at them for a moment. “Maybe I should start from the beginning.”
Nick nodded. “That’s always a good idea.”
“At the start of the drought, not many people left Alexandria, as we were well set up to deal with it. We had food and water stocks to last us a few years. Our biggest problem was how to keep outsiders out. Soon the raiders that roamed the area discovered that Alexandria was well stocked.”
David took another sip from the water bottle. “The raiders caused chaos in the city. Rape and murder was commonplace. Nobody was safe. When General Eugene Jacobs rolled in from the army base near Alexandria, we all cheered and celebrated. The raiders that weren’t killed made a hasty departure, and word spread quickly to stay clear of Alexandria.”
David paused for a moment, staring absentmindedly at his feet. “Life should have been a breeze then, but the General seized the city, controlling the food, water and electricity. When the water from the oceans started to rise, we got nervous and wanted to evacuate the city, but the general barricaded the city and made sure no one was able to leave. Once the water levels stabilized, he ordered the building of a desalination plant and several food tunnels.”
“General Jacobs uses the citizens of Alexandria as his personal workforce. We get one scrappy meal a day while he lives in luxury. Anybody who happens to pass by is captured and added to the workforce. A few opportunistic citizens joined his military force to escape the brutality. The slightest offense is punishable by death.”
“What happened to your wife?” Jake asked when David paused.
David looked up and there were tears in his eyes. “Her mother got sick and needed medicine, but they refused to give it to her. Lilly, my wife, worked at the hospital, and sneaked medicine to her mother, but then she got caught. They are about to execute her, so I made my escape. It’s the only thing I can think of that might keep her alive a little longer.”
Nick frowned. “How will that help her?”
“General Jacobs likes to set an example. He’ll do everything in his power to find me, and then he’ll execute us together. That will act as a deterrent to anybody else who have ideas of escaping. If we had any immediate family, he would execute them too, but luckily neither of us has any family left in Alexandria.”
“Sounds a bit harsh,” Jake said.
David nodded. “The General rules by fear, and laws like we used to know, don’t apply to him. You do what he demands or face death.”
Nick sighs. “The lack of law affects everyone these days. Unfortunately, it exposed the dark side of humanity.”
“Are there any other cities like Alexandria?” Jake asked.
“I heard rumors that the General took over two other towns not far from Alexandria, Natchez to the east and Leesville to the west. Although not as big as Alexandria, it increased his power and requires a workforce. His soldiers are always on the lookout for more workers. There’s also a rumor of several other cities all along the coast, and from what we heard, most of them have also been taken by people like General Jacobs.”
“I take it General Jacobs is well armed?” Nick asked.
David nodded. “He used to be in command of the military base, which was mostly a logistics station. There’s a lot of equipment and ammunition for his use. As far as I know, he has at least twenty tanks, and even a few gunships.”
Nick came to his feet. “Well, we better get going. We have a long road ahead of us, and I have no desire to become someone’s slave.”
Jake stared at David for a moment. “What do we do with him?”
A flicker of fear crossed David’s eyes. Nick reached into the glove compartment of his truck, and pulled out a black hood.“We’ll take you with us, but can’t allow you to see where we’re headed. When we get home, Sam and the Commander will decide what to do with you.”
David sighed. To him it sounded like he was headed to another Alexandria, but as long as he stayed out of the General’s reach, it might keep his wife alive.They were about to leave, when the motorcycles returned.
“No sign of pursuit,” Lance reported.
They started their return journey. Nick observed the dust blowing in the wind behind them. The wind was strong enough. In a few hours, their tracks would be completely covered.
 
*****

On the farm, there was great excitement. Amanda Reed, the town’s only veterinarian was called early that morning. Daisy, the cow, appeared in great discomfort. Nine months prior, Amanda artificially inseminated Daisy. When Amanda arrived on the farm, she took one look at the cow and confirmed she was in labor. The black and white Holstein cow’s eyes were big, and she threw her head back, blowing through her nostrils.
“Sam, all these people are not helping,” Amanda said.
Sam nodded and turned to the curious onlookers. “Let’s move back. We’re making her nervous.”
The reluctant crowd dispersed and went back to work. Sam followed his own advice, leaving only Linda and Amanda with Daisy. He walked over to where two men waited at the guardhouse.
They were both tall and well built. Both with dark hair and brown eyes, and it was obvious that they were related. The brothers, Edward and Nathan Sharp, were part of Sam’s circle of trusted friends.
“Are there any news on Nick and Jake yet?” Sam asked.
Edward shook his head. “No, nothing.”
“I miss the days when you could pick up a cell phone and find out where they were in a few seconds,” Nathan said.
Edward sighed. “It’s been a year since I last talked on a phone.”
“I don’t remember that, so I don’t miss it,” Sam said with a grin.
Nathan laughed. “Sometimes I envy you.”
Daisy gave another loud bellow.
“She’s close,” Amanda said.
“Easy girl,” Linda said and patted the cow’s neck. Daisy blew through her nostrils, but her eyes calmed. Moments later she let out another sorrowful groan.
“Sounds like she’s in pain,” Linda said.
“She is,” Amanda confirmed. “Labor is painful. Here it comes!”
Daisy let out a series of loud noises, and for a moment, her legs buckled, then she lay down on her side.
“There are the hooves. Looks like we’re lucky, it’s coming out head first,” Amanda said.
Daisy stared into Linda’s eyes with an expression that said, “Mommy, it hurts.”
Linda stroked her head and kept reassuring her. “It’s alright my baby.”
With one final push, the calf popped out, covered in the placenta. With one swift movement Amanda cleared the calf’s head, and it took its first breath. Moments later, Daisy struggled to her feet and started to clean her baby.
“Ah, look at that, she looks just like her mommy,” Linda said, and when she looked around, the curious crowd had returned. Quite a few “Ooo’s” and “Aaa’s” sounded. Sam walked up to Linda and slipped his arms around her. She looked into his eyes, her face beaming with joy.
First, the chicks, and now the calf, new life brought new hope. Amanda gave the calf a quick once over, and then she smiled at Linda.
“It’s a girl.”

Chapter 5

Sipping on a morning cup of coffee, Sam sat on the porch and watched Daisy and her new calf. Linda took one look at the calf and named her Rosie. Linda liked to name everything. She also gave him the name Sam, after one of her favorite television characters.
Coffee was one of the few luxuries Sam and Linda allowed themselves. When Sam first came to White River, Linda introduced him to the brew, and he grew to love it. After a while they ran out, but on a scout trip they found a supply, and Sam made sure he kept enough coffee that would last Linda a few years.
Linda stepped onto the porch with her own mug in hand. She bent down and kissed Sam before looking at the mother and baby.
“She’s so cute,” Linda said.
Sam nodded. “Why did you name her Rosie?”
Linda shrugged. “When I looked at her it was the first name that popped into my head.”
“Well, it suits her,” Sam said. “Oh yes, George should be out today. He said he will show us how to milk Daisy.”
Linda frowned. “Won’t Rosie need all the milk?”
“According to George, Daisy will have more than enough milk for Rosie. The barley straw we’ve been feeding her is quite healthy.”
Linda gazed at the cow, who, despite calving the previous day, looked healthy and well fed. When Jake brought Daisy to the farm, she was so skinny. She looked like a skeleton covered with a hide.
Down the road, the old school bus approached bringing the change of guard. When Carl Burns stepped off the bus, he walked straight to Sam. Carl was one of the squad leaders, and although he had a skinny physique, few people would mess with him. He was also one of only a handful of men in White River who still had long hair. Most kept theirs short due to the heat. His hair fell to his shoulders and blew around in the wind, but was kept out of his face with a beige baseball cap he always wore.
“Morning, Linda, Sam,” he greeted.
“Morning, Carl. You guys eager to start today?” Sam asked.
Carl smiled. “No not really. The Commander sent us out early because he asked that you come to town. Nick and Jake returned last night and they brought someone with them.”
Sam frowned. “Who?”
Carl shrugged. “I have no idea. The Commander locked the guy in a cell.”
Sam grabbed Linda around the waist and pulled her onto his lap. “Looks like we’re going to town,” he said. Since her kidnapping, he always kept her close.
She laughed and planted a kiss on his nose. “Great, then I can go see Fay and tell her about Rosie.”
Fifteen minutes later, Sam had his hat and rifle, and they were seated on the bus. The driver, Gus Haney, used to be a trucker and did most of the heavy driving. He also had to put up with the constant, “Let’s get on the bus, Gus,” which Nick and Jake started.
Once they arrived in town, Sam escorted Linda to the hospital where Fay worked as a nurse. She would wait there until he came to fetch her. Sam walked the two blocks to the Command Center.
When he stepped into the old police station, the Commander’s office was crowded. Everyone was eager to hear what Nick and Jake had to tell, but they waited for Sam. They didn’t like to repeat a story.
Nick and Jake smiled when they saw Sam, and greeted their friend.
“Glad to see you two made it back in one piece,” Sam said.
Nick snorted. “No thanks to Jake. He almost got us lost.”
“Hey, if it weren’t for me, you would’ve been in Canada by now,” Jake said.
Sam learned a long time ago not to take Nick and Jake’s banter serious.
He took a seat on the edge of Frank’s desk, while Nick and Jake took turns to tell their story about their trip to Alexandria.
When they were done, Sam frowned and looked at the Commander.
“Why did you lock the guy in a cell?”
“I don’t know him and don’t know if we can trust him. It sounds like he’s a desperate man. He might just get the bright idea to run to that General Jacobs with the juicy information about White River in hopes that it might save his wife. Nick and Jake blindfolded him when they brought him here. For now, he has no idea where he is, but once he walks around town, it won’t take him long to figure it out.”
Sam nodded. “Good thinking. We first need to know that we can trust him. The rest of you wait here while Frank and I have a chat with our guest. Nick, you can introduce me.”
David sat on the bed in the corner of his cell, ruing his misfortune. He escaped one prison only to land in another. He sighed. When he escaped Alexandria with no food or water, his plan was to get as far away from that city as possible.
Soft footfalls down the stairs yanked him out of his contemplation. How the Commander treated him earlier, reminded him of General Jacobs. Both were tough men with hard faces and dead eyes.
Nick stepped first from the stairs, but the man behind him caught David’s attention. He was a different breed. He was tall, wide-shouldered, sure of himself, a picture of strength, and without any cruelness about him. His bright blue eyes sparkled like two swimming pools, and looked unnatural in the dim light of the cell.
Sam had a knack for reading people. The man that came to his feet was neither a soldier nor a fighter. The way the man held his gaze showed no cowardice. He was nothing more than a family man, who, like millions of others, was caught in a bad situation.
Nick stepped forward. “David, I would like you to meet Sam.”
Sam stepped forward and accepted the outstretched hand through the steel bars. “David West,” the man said.
Sam stared at the man, who seemed resigned to his fate. 
“Nick and Jake told me how they found you. What did you plan to do after you escaped?” Sam asked.
David stared at Sam for a moment. The Commander might run the security of the town, but he was convinced he looked at the real leader.
“I didn’t really have one. My only goal was to get as far away from Alexandria as possible,” he said.
“Without any food or water?” Sam asked.
David shrugged. “That was not high on the priority list. Besides, the General keeps the supplies under a tight guard. It’s easier to escape the city than to get to food or water. The General knows if one escapes, you don’t have anywhere to go.”
Sam’s eyes narrowed. David did not plan to survive. His only concern was to get away and keep his wife alive.
“There are people here that think, given the chance, you’ll escape and bring word to the General about our town to save your wife,” Sam said and kept a careful watch on David’s reaction.
David smiled, but his eyes remained sad. “It is an idea, but it won’t help. Even if I do that, the General will kill us both the moment he has the information. No, the best thing for Lilly is for me to stay as far away from Alexandria as possible.”
Sam thought for a moment, and then nodded at Frank. The Commander took the key from his pocket and unlocked the cell door.
“David, I’m not going to keep you locked up. You have a choice. You can leave, in which case I will give you food and water. Nick and Jake will drop you off a safe distance from here. Of course you’ll be blindfolded to keep our location safe, but you can go wherever you want. Or you can stay, in which case you’ll receive the protection of the town like anybody else. You’ll be free to move around within the confines of the town, but I must insist that you do not leave the barricades. If you do, the guards will not hesitate to shoot.”
David weighed his options, then said, “Thank you for your hospitality. I’ll stay.”
Sam clapped his hands together. “I hoped that you would say that. Let me show you around.”
Sam led David into the office, where several people waited.
“David, you already met Commander Hurley, who’s in charge of the town’s security. He’ll run you through what you can and can’t do. Over there is Doctor Percy. He’s a little grumpy, but good at what he does. After I show you around, you can report at the hospital where he can have a look at you.”
Doc snorted. “Maybe I should take another look at you,” he mumbled.
“Over here, we have Timothy Ryan, the town’s Mayor,” Sam said and Mayor Ryan shook David’s hand.
“Welcome to White River,” the mayor said.
That was the first clue David got as to his whereabouts. Tried as he might, he never heard of White River.
“You’ll meet the rest of the people as you move around town. Now let me show you White River,” Sam said.
David followed Sam through the office door and stepped into the bright sunlight. He paused at the top of the steps and took in the scene in front of him.
Across the street, a young boy played with his dog, throwing an old tennis ball. The boy laughed with delight every time the yellow Labrador brought it back. The townspeople looked relaxed and moved around without a care. It was unlike the somber mood of Alexandria.
Although armed men and women walked among the ordinary townspeople, the citizens were not afraid of them. Some even stopped to have a chat. When Nick and Jake brought him to White River, he thought it might be another Alexandria, where the soldiers were rude and cruel to the citizens. There people didn’t walk the streets if they didn’t have to, and nobody would dare to talk to the soldiers, unless someone was in trouble.
As far as they walked, people wearing clean clothes gave Sam a friendly greeting and David a curious look, but there was no hostility towards the stranger. The people of White River respected and trusted Sam. They would do whatever he asked and trusted his judgment. He didn’t rule by fear.
They stopped in front of an old school building. The weather, and lack of maintenance, took its toll on the once majestic building. Paint chipped from the walls and everything was covered in dust.
“This is where you get your meals twice a day. Andy’s a great cook and creates miracles with the little he has to work with. It’s not gourmet cooking, but it keeps us well fed,” Sam said.
David’s sad smile showed in his eyes. “I’m sure compared to what we got in Alexandria, it is gourmet cooking.”
Sam took a sideward look at David. He was skinny and frail, his dark brown eyes sunken in their sockets. Months of hardship and malnutrition took its toll. The dirty clothes were at least two sizes too big. They walked through the open doors of the school and followed the path down to the mess hall.
“We might as well catch a bite to eat while we’re here,” Sam said and they joined the back of the queue.
David frowned because Sam didn’t use his authority to jump the line. He patiently waited his turn.
A man stepped from the kitchen wearing a blue apron, and carrying a large pot. He placed on the dishing table. Andy Dunham was of average built, and his light brown hair showed signs of premature gray. He noticed Sam in the queue and walked over.
“Sam, what a pleasant surprise. What brings you to town?”
“Morning, Andy,” Sam greeted and pointed to the stranger. “Andy, this is David West.”
Andy nodded. “I’ve heard about our guest from Alexandria. Welcome to White River.”
News spread quickly around the small town. David smiled and shook hands with the cook. Andy was the first person, other than Sam and the mayor, who gave him an official welcome. He didn’t make him feel like a stranger, but rather like an old friend.
When they reached the front of the line, Sam took a tray from the stack and handed one to David. The visitor followed Sam’s lead and took a spoon from the pile on the table. A friendly lady behind the table, took a bowl, filled it with a scoop of soup from the pot, and handed it to David.
Sam took a roll from the basket and placed it on his tray, before he filled a glass with orange juice. On a recent scout, Edward and Nathan came across a warehouse filled with cans of concentrated orange juice. David could not believe his eyes. The only meal he received once a day in Alexandria was a bowl of half-cooked oatmeal, and a small bottle of water that had to last him the entire day.
David followed Sam to an empty table. He took a spoonful of the soup and savored the taste. After a bite from the fresh-baked barley roll, he closed his eyes in delight. He took another sip of the soup.
“This is great,” he said with a mouthful.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sam watched the man devour the meal like someone who didn’t have a decent meal in a long time. David used the last piece of bread roll to wipe up the last drops of soup from his bowl.
“You’re right, Andy knows how to cook,” he said.
When they were done, Sam led David to the door where they dropped their dirty dishes in a bucket. Two women and a guy collected the dishes, washed them in a tub filled with soap water, before they rinsed them in another tub, and stacked them with the clean ones, ready for use.
When they stepped into the sunshine, Sam noticed David squint against the bright sunshine. He directed David to a nearby shop where he picked out a clean outfit and a hat. It was unheard of that anybody would walk into the bright rays of the sun without the protection of a hat.
When they exited the store, David hugged the clean clothes to his chest like it was his most prized possessions.
“Let’s get you to the hospital. Once Doc had a look at you, you can get cleaned and try those on,” Sam said.
David walked in wonder. It was like a dream. White River was nothing like he expected.

Chapter 6

Sam sat in the waiting area of the hospital and told Linda everything he learned about David West and the city of Alexandria. The subject of their conversation was in the office with Doc for a check-up.
“Can we trust this man?” Linda asked.
Sam shrugged. “His wife’s still in danger, which makes him a desperate man. Desperate people are unpredictable. We’ll keep him from the farm for now, and Frank will keep a close eye on him. However, we have a more pressing matter I need to tend.”
Linda frowned. “The bubble?”
Sam nodded. “Yes. We need to take a trip to Hot Springs. I need to warn Moira about what’s coming. They are as close to allies as we have at the moment and I would like to keep it that way.”
“When do you want to leave?”
“As soon as I’m done here, I want to have a chat with Frank. If possible, I would like to leave early tomorrow morning.”
Linda placed her hand on Sam’s arm. “When we get back to the farm, I’ll make the necessary arrangements. I’ll be ready.” She resigned herself to the fact that Sam would not leave her behind. Since her abduction, Sam taught her self-defense, and how to shoot with a rifle. If there was trouble on the road, he didn’t want her helpless.
They both stood up when Doc walked toward them.
“How’s our guest?” Sam asked.
Doc sighed. “If he’s any indication of the condition in which the people of Alexandria are kept, I feel really sorry for them. His overall health is poor, and he’s suffering from serious malnutrition. Nothing antibiotics, a few good meals, and some rest won’t cure.”
Doc paused and Sam sensed he had something on his mind.
“What’s wrong, Doc?”
The doctor shook his head. “Sam, we need another trip to Little Rock.”
Doctor William Percy knew of a medicine vault in Little Rock, and has the access codes to the heavily fortified building. A few months before, Sam led a scout party there to retrieve much needed medicine. 
“I’ll talk to Frank,” Sam said.
Doc shuffled his feet. “I would like to go with them. I need to see what’s left.”
Sam stared at Doc for a moment. He always thought there was more to the grumpy doctor than he let on, but he never asked.
“I’m sure it won’t be a problem. Ernie Hanson passed there a few weeks ago and reported no sign of the raiders who used to occupy Little Rock. They must have moved on to leech on another city.”
Doc nodded and returned to his office. Moments later David joined them. After a bath, a fresh shave, and wearing new clothes that fit, he looked like a different person. 
“I feel human again,” he said.
Sam introduced him to Linda, and although the man had a smile on his face, the sadness remained in his eyes.
“David, I want you to stay here in the hospital for a while. Doc’s not pleased with your health and wants to keep an eye on your condition. Once Doc is happy, Fay will help you find a place to stay.”  
Sam turned to Linda and planted a kiss before he said, “I need to run.”
Linda smiled. “Find me when you’re done.”
She turned to David. “Let’s go find Fay, so she can assign you a room.”
Sam turned to leave.
“Sam,” David’s voice stopped him.
“Thank you for everything.” David said sincerely.
Sam smiled. “You’re welcome.”
David watched the town’s leader exit the building and walked toward the command center.“You have a good man there,” he said to Linda.
She nodded. “I know. If it weren’t for him, most of us would’ve been dead.”
Two blocks later, Sam stepped into Frank’s office.
“How’s our guest?” Frank asked.
“He’ll live,” Sam said.
The sound of an off-road motorcycle roaring to a halt outside interrupted their conversation. That sound did not bring good news, and they rushed out of the building. A young boy jumped from the machine.
“Sam, Commander, Bill Tanner sent me. He says they spotted someone near the southern barricade.”
Sam and Frank jumped into a waiting truck and raced to the barricade on the southern edge of town.
“What happened?” Sam asked the moment they met the squad leader.
Bill Turner, nicknamed Big Bill, lived up to his name. Although his huge frame lost some fat since the drought started, he remained an impressive figure. 
He pointed down the road leading out of White River to the south.“Two riders on motorcycles appeared about two kilometers down the road. They observed the town through binoculars for a few minutes, then turned around and left the way they came,” Bill said in his deep voice.
Sam frowned. “Raiders?”
Bill shook his head. “No, they wore military uniforms.”
Sam looked at Frank. “Do you think it’s that general’s people who found us?”
Frank sighed. “I’m not sure, but we can’t rule out that possibility.”
“Maybe I should postpone my trip to Hot Springs,” Sam said, his face framed with worry.
Frank raised his eyebrows. “I didn’t know you planned a trip.”
 “That’s why I came to your office earlier. I want to warn Moira about the plasma cloud, and maybe they have information to share.”
“Do you think she’ll believe you?”
Sam shrugged. “I don’t know, but I’d rather warn them than have them find out afterwards that I knew and didn’t tell them. They’re our only friends out here, and with people like the General running around, I would rather keep them as friends. You never know when that might come in handy.”
Frank nodded. “Take Terry and Janine for an escort. I would rather have Nick and Jake close by. I’ll send constant patrols around the town to make sure we don’t get surprised.”
“Sounds like a good idea. We’ll leave early tomorrow morning. If we make good time, we might even be back before nightfall.”
Sam left Frank at the barricade to finalize his travel arrangements, while Frank made preparations of his own to bolster the town’s security.
Early the following morning, Janine and Terry arrived on the farm with their full squads for escort duty.
Sam pulled Terry to the side.
“Any sign of those mysterious soldiers?”
Terry shook his head. “No, but you seem worried?”
“Don’t tell Linda or Janine, but I am. People like that general have no conscience and won’t hesitate to attack our town. He has tanks, and we stand no chance against those.”
Terry frowned. “That sounds like you have experience with people like that?”
Without thinking Sam replied, “I do, and it didn’t end well.”
“I thought you lost your memory,” Terry said.
Sam lifted his hat and scratched his head. “Yeah, I’ve no idea where that came from. I don’t remember specifics, but I know it did. Anyway, let’s get going. I want to get back as soon as possible.”
The road to Hot Springs was completely covered with sand, and in places difficult to follow. The four-truck convoy displaced some sand, but not enough to reveal the tarmac. They passed several deserted towns but there were no sign of any life, human or animal.
The trip was uneventful and they traveled much faster than they normally do on scout missions. On scout missions they are urged to take caution, but Sam had no time for caution. He relied on the scouts on the off-road motorcycles to warn them if there was any danger.
They made good time, and before noon, they approached the outskirts of Hot Springs. Sam tied two flags, one white, the other red, to a pole and a guy on the back of the truck held it high. 
The people from Hot Springs would see them coming, and once they spotted the flags through their binoculars, they would know its people from White River. With their previous meeting, Moira came up with the code so that they know they weren’t strangers. The guards tended to get jumpy when they spotted strangers.
The code worked and when Sam and Terry in the lead pickup truck stopped by the guards, Moira waited for them. The moment the guards noticed the convoy, they sent for her.
Moira Adams was a tough woman. To be an effective leader of a place like Hot Springs, she had to be. She was ex-military and ran Hot Springs like a military camp. She was dressed like all the guards, military camouflaged motif pants, a brown T-shirt and black military boots.
Her dark skin glistened with sweat in the hot sun. Her black, curly hair was pulled back and tied in a pony tail, which made her already big, dark-brown eyes even more prominent. Although she ruled Hot Springs with an iron hand, she was not cruel to the citizens and provided in their every need.
The community at Hot Springs was three times the size of White River, and their only friends in the harsh world that was created by the drought.  
Moira was not a woman who smiled a lot, but when Sam stepped from the truck, she smiled.
“Sam, what a pleasant surprise, what brings you up here?”
Sam greeted his counterpart with a warm handshake. “I thought it was about time for a quick visit. Besides, I have some urgent information I need to share with you.”
Moira frowned. “That sounds serious. Do you want to come into the city?”
Sam shook his head. “Is there somewhere close by? There’s a lot I need to tell you, but I want to get back to White River before dark.”
Moira noticed the urgency in Sam’s voice and directed him to a nearby building, which the two leaders entered alone. Most of the old building, a warehouse in a previous life, was covered in a thick layer of dust. In the back a lone office was kept clean.
Sam raised an eyebrow when he noticed the room.
Moira shrugged. “We keep it clean just in case someone wants to meet and don’t want to enter the city.”
“I suppose it doesn’t get used often these days,” Sam said with a wry smile.
“No it doesn’t. In fact, this is the first time I’ve used the room. The guards keep it clean because there’s not much else to do while on guard duty out here.”
She pointed Sam to a comfortable linen-covered chair in front of a big oak desk. Sam dropped into the chair and Moira took a seat on the corner of the desk.
“I hear you built some impressive greenhouses the size of football fields,” Sam said.
Moira nodded. “Once your engineers helped with the plans on how to construct them, it was easy. The barley tunnels we kept to half that size as it proved difficult to keep them cool enough.”
Sam smiled. When he first met Moira, they tried to grow vegetables in the open, but due to the heat, were unsuccessful. He sent George Kingsley and a team to lend them a hand to get workable tunnels to grow their food.
Moira stared at Sam, a curious expression on her pretty face. “I’m sure you didn’t come all this way to talk about the tunnels.”
Sam sighed. Not sure where to start, he relayed Nick and Jake’s encounter with David and Alexandria. She listened intently without interrupting.
“Like Hot Springs, White River is far enough inland to be of little interest to this General Jacobs. Besides, to move tanks over such a distance will require a lot of fuel, and that’s a rare commodity,” Moira said.
“People like the General are unpredictable, so who knows what he’ll do, but whatever, we’ll be ready for him,” Sam said.
“Sam, when the icecaps melted, there was a drastic rise in the oceans and it changed the coastline completely. A while back one of my scouts ran into a couple from Jackson in Alabama. The ocean was on their doorstep and their city got taken by a general who did the same as what they did in Alexandria. All over the coast there are reports of desalination plants, but they are all run by some military outfit or another. In Georgia there are even reports that some military units fight each other for control of the water resources.”
Sam shook his head. “Like humanity don’t have enough problems.”
“There will always be people who want more than what they need,” Moira said, her voice filled with sadness.
“It’s such a pity. I can only hope they will let us be,” Sam said.
She stared at him for a moment. “Sam, if White River ever needs help, let me know what we can do.”
“Thank you Moira, the same goes for you. Something tells me that sooner or later we might have to stand together,” Sam said.
Sam stared at a window towards a dust devil in the distance.
“Is there something else?” Moira asked.
Sam looked deep into her eyes, and then sighed. “Yes, there is.”
He told her about the moment when he first saw the aurora and everything that he discovered about himself since that night.
“How long do we have before the wave hits?” she asked.
Sam shrugged. “I have no idea, but we’ll have at least a few hours warning.”
She frowned. “How will we know?”
“Believe me, we’ll know. I have no idea what it will look like, but we’ll recognize the wave when we see it.”
“And everything will be safe once turned off?”
Sam nodded. “Yes. It should only affect electronics and electricity that’s active at that moment.”
Moira pushed away from the desk.
“Thank you for the heads-up. That knowledge is helpful. If that wave hit and we are unprepared, it could be disastrous. We’ll lose everything.”
Sam smiled. “I wasn’t sure you would believe me.”
Moira raised an eyebrow. “A year ago I might not have, but these days things are so strange, I’m prepared to believe anything. Besides, I don’t take you as a man that would throw around a warning like that if you didn’t believe it yourself.”
Sam came to his feet. “Well, we better hit the road if we want to make it back before nightfall.”
Moira touched Sam’s arm. “Thank you for everything, Sam,” she said, and for a moment, she dropped her guard and appeared vulnerable. Sam knew he saw a side of her that few people would ever have the privilege. When she walked out of the building, her stride was as strong as ever.

Chapter 7

Frank stared at the map of the area that hung in his office against the back wall. Sam had left a few hours earlier and should be well on his way to Hot Springs. The commander was always restless when a scout party left the safety of the town, and he would pace up and down until they returned safely. 
Frank had four patrols circling the town to ensure no one sneaked up on White River. The sighting of the riders the previous day had him on edge. If what David West said was true, and the general wanted to move against the town, they wouldn’t have much of a chance against his tanks.
The commander still pondered a possible defense, when he heard the roar of an off-road motorcycle racing down the street. By the time the rider stopped in front of the Command Center, Frank waited at the bottom of the steps.
“Commander, there’s a convoy of four military Jeeps heading this way, and they’re moving fast,” the rider said.
Frank ran to his truck, and sped off towards the southern barricade. When he arrived at the checkpoint, he climbed the lookout tower. Squad Leader Chester Fellows was already in the tower, and stared in a southerly direction through the binoculars.
“Commander, they’re about two clicks out,” Chester said and handed Frank the looking glasses. After a quick look, he hurried down the steps and called one of the messengers that were always on duty at the barricades.
“Tommy, locate every available squad leader you can find and tell them to report with their squads here pronto,” Frank ordered and the boy took off on his bike.
As armed men arrived at the checkpoint, Frank directed them along the southern side of town. The dust cloud in the distance grew by the second. Frank was running out of time.
Nick and Jake arrived in a cloud of dust as their truck screeched to a halt.
“Visitors?” Jake asked.
The Commander shook his head. “Soldiers.”
Alarm showed in Nick’s eyes. “They’re coming with the tanks?”
“No, our spotters only reported four Jeeps, but I’m sure they’re well armed,” Frank said.
As more people arrived, Nick and Jake assisted in setting up a defensive line. By the time the engines of the Jeeps could be heard, they had enough people in position. The vehicles slowed when they were five hundred meters from the barricade, and then came to a complete stop.
The dust blew away from the town, leaving the vehicles clearly visible. For a few minutes, nothing happened, and then one of the Jeeps drove slowly forward. The military-green Jeep had a machine gun mounted on the roof, and a soldier stood in the back manning the weapon. 
Fifty meters from the checkpoint, the vehicle come to a stop. The passenger stepped out and stood next to the Jeep, observing the scene. His keen eye was quick to observe the many rifles that pointed in his direction.
Frank stepped from behind the barricade and walked ten meters before he stopped and waited with his hands on his hips. The man that approached him was of slender build, his gray hair coarse and frizzy. His black eyes were close together and made his face appear narrow and cruel. His expression was one of arrogance, and his every action suggested he demanded respect from everyone in his presence.
“Can I help you?” Frank asked.
The man’s smile never reached his eyes. “Are you the leader of this establishment?”
Frank nodded. “I am in charge. Now state your business or get back in your vehicle and leave.”
The man frowned, not used to being addressed in such a manner. For a moment, he stared at Frank, his face a blank, but then the smile returned.
“I am General Eugene Jacobs from Alexandria in Louisiana. I believe you have someone that belongs to me, and I want him back.”
Frank maintained a poker face. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
The General raised an eyebrow. “Is this really how you want to play it? You know very well you’re keeping an escaped prisoner of mine. Some of your men even assisted him. I’m willing to let that slide, but make no mistake, I want prisoner West returned immediately.”
The General was aware that David West would have told them all about the powerful leader from Alexandria, and he counted on the fact that they would fear an attack against their town. However, the man that stood in front of him showed no fear. The General recognized an ex-military man that would not be intimidated.
General Jacobs’ stare was solid ice. “Very well, have it your way then. Just know this. I will have my prisoner and will do whatever it takes. You choose to stand in my way. Be prepared to suffer the consequences.”
Without another word, the General turned and hopped into the Jeep. As the driver took off in a cloud of dust, Frank noticed the sinister smile on the man’s face. It sent shivers down his spine. The Jeep stopped briefly at the waiting vehicles, before it took off down the road. The other’s made a U-turn and followed.
Frank didn’t waste any time. “Nathan, take your squad and follow them at a safe distance. I want to make sure they’re headed back to Alexandria. Nick, put all squads on full alert. For the foreseeable future we need to remain on high alert.”
He turned to the Cross brothers. “Ben, Joe, take your squads out to the farm. Tell the people there what happened and stay wide awake.”
Frank watched Nathan and his squad take off after the General. “I just hope Sam will be able to return tonight. That general is trouble,” he muttered to himself.
Ten minutes later, the Commander was still at the barricade, discussing defensive positions with the remaining squad leaders, when he stopped in mid sentence. At first he thought it was his imagination, but when he cocked his head to the left, the sound of distant gunfire was clearly audible.
He barked orders while running to his truck. “Nick, Jake, saddle up and get rolling.”
Edward didn’t wait for an invitation. With his brother in trouble, he was not about to stay behind. He shouted at his men to get going. Some had to dive into the back of the pickup in a hurry. Edward wasn’t about to wait.
Six vehicles set off in the direction of the gunfire. The men on the back had to hang on as the other drivers tried to keep up with Edward, who threw all caution to the wind. His knuckles showed white where his hands gripped the steering wheel.
Up ahead, a large column of thick, black smoke billowed into the air. Edward stepped even harder on the pedal and the truck roared ahead.
“Slow down, boy, you’re going to get yourself killed,” Frank shouted, but nobody could hear him.
Edward raced over a small hump that launched the truck into the air. The people on the back broke out in a string of obscenities, but Edward didn’t pay them any mind. As he raced over the next hill, the scene in front of them unfolded.
There were a few scattered buildings near the place where Sam got ambushed by the raiders after Linda was kidnapped. The soldiers setup an ambush there, and Nathan and his squad drove straight into it. They didn’t stand a chance.
Nathan’s truck crashed into the side of a building and burst into flames. Several bodies lay scattered on the ground. Without thinking that there still might be a threat, Edward slid his truck to a halt, jumped out and ran to Nathan’s vehicle.
“Nate! Nate!” he yelled, but the flames from the truck were so intense, he couldn’t get close enough. He turned and ran back to his own truck, yanked the door open, and retrieved the small fire extinguisher underneath the passenger seat.
He sprinted back to the flames and got as close to the vehicle as possible, then tried to spray the flames, but he was too far and had no impact.
“Nate! Oh, God no! Nate!” he screamed. He lost total control of his own emotions.
Nick and Jake ran to him and grabbed his arms. With one swift turn, he was free, and hurled himself again at the fire.
“Edward, stop!” Nick yelled, but Edward didn’t hear. All he saw was the flames that engulfed his brother’s truck.
Jake tackled him to the ground and Nick jumped on top of him, but with a roar of fury, Edward shrugged the two men from him and struggled to his feet. He picked the extinguisher from the ground, and blasted it towards the flames.
Jake grabbed the bottle from him, while Nick slid his arms around Edward, pinning his arms to his side. For a few moments Edward tried to struggle, but Nick had him in such a grip, that he couldn’t move. The realization hit him that he was too late. He gave in to Nick and seized his struggle. 
A raw sob burst from his chest, “Nate, my brother, I’m so sorry.”
Nick shouted something at him, but he didn’t hear a word. All he saw was the truck and the flames. He dropped to his knees while tears streamed down his face. Nick shouted again, but he only registered the roaring flames.
Nick grabbed Edward’s face between his hands. The voice fought its way through the grief and reached his brain, but it took him another few moments before he was able to understand.
“Edward, look, he’s not in there. Nathan’s not in the truck!”
For a moment Edward had a sheepish look on his face, unable to comprehend. Then he turned his head toward the flaming wreck. Both the doors stood open, but the flamed-filled cabin was empty.
He made it back to his feet and stared at the bodies sprawled in the dirt. All four people were from Nathan’s crew, but none was his brother.
“Where is he?” Edward asked.
Nick looked around, but there was no sign of Nathan or the rest of his men. “I think they were taken, which means they’re still alive.” 
Frank inspected the bodies of his men, littered with gunshot wounds. He kneeled beside a fallen man, placed his fingers on the man’s main artery in his neck, and felt a pulse.
“Hey, help over here. This one’s still alive,” Frank yelled.
Nick and Jake ran over to where the man lay in the dirt.
“It’s Barry Crowley, and we better get him to Doc in a hurry.”
Frank pointed to one of the drivers. “Take him to the hospital as fast as you can.”
They help load the unconscious man onto the back of the pickup.
“Keep pressure on the wound,” Jake instructed.
With Barry on the way to Doc, Frank surveyed the ambush site. He noticed between the buildings, several bodies of dead soldiers. He shook his head. 
“What kind of man is this General that he leaves his own men behind?” Frank asked.
Nick had a bitter tone to his voice. “One that doesn’t give a damn if they live or die. They’re there to serve his purpose.”
Jake studied the signs in the sand. “It appears they captured the survivors.”
Frank swore. “Nick, Jake, take your squads and follow them. But be careful, don’t drive into another ambush. I want to make sure they’re headed back to Alexandria. As soon as you’re certain of where they’re headed, return to town. We can then decide on the best course of action.”
“I’m going too,” Edward said.
Frank placed a hand on his shoulder. “Edward, you know that Nick and Jake are your best chance to see Nathan again. You are too unstable at the moment, and might do something stupid. That will not help your brother at all and might get you both killed.”
Edward glared at the Commander for a moment, but then reason returned to his eyes and he simply nodded.
Nick, Jake and their squads took off with four trucks, following the tracks left by the soldiers. Frank and Edward loaded the three bodies onto the back of the remaining truck, and then headed back to town.

*****

For the remainder of the afternoon, Nick and Jake stayed on the General’s tracks. If there was any sign of a place for a possible ambush, they split into two groups and approached the position from different directions.
But it proved fruitless. The General had only one thing on his mind, to get back to Alexandria as quick as possible. He wanted his prisoner back and now he had leverage. He didn’t even have to return to that dust hole. The six captives would ensure that the people of White River would come to him.

*****

It was late afternoon when the convoy approached the town.
“We made good time,” Sam said satisfied.
“Will you return to the farm tonight?” Terry asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, we’ll stay over in town. I have a few things to discuss with the Commander.”
They drove up to the northern barricade. The people on duty seemed tense and strained.
“There’s something wrong,” Sam said and gripped his rifle.
The big truck that blocked the entrance moved to the side, and the convoy entered. Once through, Terry stopped the truck. Ernie Hanson greeted them, the usual friendly smile absent from his face.
“What happened?” Sam asked.
Ernie was a tough man, but his shoulders slumped.
“After you left, that General from Alexandria paid us a visit.”
By the mention of the General, a cold shiver ran through Sam. Before Ernie said anything, Sam knew it was bad.
“The General demanded that the Commander hand David over, but he refused. After they left, the Commander sent Nathan and his squad to follow them to make sure they’re really leaving, but near the truck stop, they were ambushed.”
The color drained from Sam’s face. It was the same place the raiders laid a trap for him, and he barely survived.
Ernie swallowed hard. “They killed three of our people in cold blood, and another is in critical condition in the hospital. Everyone else in the squad was captured. Sam, they have Nathan. They took them all to Alexandria. There’s no getting them back unless we trade David for them.”
Sam’s eyes grew cold and the usual friendly sparkle was replaced by an icy stare. Ernie had seen that look before, when Sam went to Dumas to rescue Linda, and it didn’t end well for the raiders.
“We’ll just have to see about that,” Sam said.

Chapter 8

A somber mood filled the Command Center. When Sam entered the town, he went straight to Frank Hurley’s office where the Commander told Sam everything that happened during his absence. 
Everyone that knew Sam could see his anger. His normal friendly face was carved into hard, stern lines. The only time his facial features softened, was when he spoke to Linda. No matter how angry he got with the rest of the world, he never gave it to her.
Sam stood in front of the map, his eyes fixed on Alexandria. The city was three hundred kilometers away. From the information gathered by Nick, Jake and David, it’s heavily fortified. There had to be a way to get in and to rescue Nathan and the rest.
Frank walked up and stopped next to Sam. “Will you trade David for Nathan and the rest?”
Sam frowned and stared at the Commander. “Absolutely not!”
The Commander sighed. “I didn’t think so. Do you have any idea how to get them back?”
Sam shook his head. “Not yet. Is David still in the hospital?”
“Yes. Why?”
Sam scratched his head. “I need to have a chat with him to better understand the setup in Alexandria. Call me when Nick and Jake return.”
Sam walked over to where Linda sat with Terry and Janine.
“I’m going over to the hospital. Why don’t you go home with Janine? I’ll catch up with you later,” Sam said.
It was a long day and Linda was tired. Sam had work to do and she didn’t want to get in his way. She hugged him. They shared a brief kiss before he nodded at Terry and Janine. He left for the hospital knowing they would keep Linda safe.
Sam used the two block walk to the hospital to think. He didn’t want to voice it to anybody, but the news about Nathan touched him more than he would admit to anyone. It stirred anger deep inside him that he couldn’t explain. At that moment, if the General stood in front of him, he would have ripped him apart with his bare hands.
Although sunset was more than an hour ago, the air remained warm and dry. Sam glanced towards the northern sky where the lights of the aurora danced. He sighed. Like they didn’t have enough problems already, now he had to deal with the General too.
By the time he stepped into the hospital, he was no nearer to a solution, but he managed to calm his rage for the moment. He stepped into David’s room. Where he lay in his bed with his eyes closed, after some rest and a few meals, the man from Alexandria looked much healthier. 
“David?” Sam said and the man’s eyes flew open.
“Sam, what you’re doing here so late?” he asked and moved into a sitting position.
“How’re you feeling?” Sam inquired.
“Much better thank you.” David frowned, sensing that something was wrong.
Sam tugged at his ear. “I take it nobody told you what happened today?”
David shook his head.
Sam stared at the man for a moment. “Earlier today, General Jacobs showed up at the southern barricade and demanded that we hand you over.”
David’s face turned as pale as the hospital sheets, and his eyes filled with fear.
“The Commander told him he didn’t know anything about you, but the General didn’t buy it.” Sam continued. “After he left, the Commander sent a squad to make sure he returned to Alexandria.”
Sam paused for a moment and his eyes narrowed. “That squad was ambushed. Three of my people were killed, and another is in critical condition in the ICU. The rest of the squad was captured and taken to Alexandria.”
David was close to tears. “Sam, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.” 
Sam shook his head. “It’s not your fault. You didn’t come out of your own free will, we brought you here.”
David pushed his jaw forward. “But I chose to stay, knowing what danger it posed to this town.”
For a moment there was silence between the two men. Sam stared out of the window towards the aurora. With all the beauty in nature, it was hard to believe that humanity could be so cruel.
“When do we leave?” David asked.
Sam raised an eyebrow in surprise. “What?”
David’s slumped shoulders showed a man that already accepted the inevitable outcome.  “The only chance you have of getting your people back is to hand me over. I understand that you have no choice and will go willingly.” At least he gave his wife a few extra days.
Sam stared at David. He recognized a man with a broken spirit. Handing him over to the General would be the easy way out, but Sam was not one for the easy way. There had to be another course of action, and if it resulted in the death of the General, even better.
“David, none of this is your fault. Nobody’s handing you over to the General. I do want to talk to you about Alexandria though. You escaped from there, which also means that there’s a way into the city,” Sam said.
David frowned. “You plan to rescue your men?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, and they’re more than my men. They’re also my friends, and I don’t take kindly to anybody killing and kidnapping my friends.”
The man that stood in front of David was not the same man that introduced himself the previous day. Sam’s eyes were cold and his shoulders squared. His jaw was set in determination, and in that instant, David knew that the general made a grave mistake. He picked on the wrong town.
“I escaped through an old hidden storm pipe. They blocked most of them, but don’t know the city like I do. I grew up there and was an adventurous child. There are tunnels that are not on any city map. The General and his people don’t know about them,” David said.
He rubbed his chin. “Sam, getting into the city will be more complicated than simply sneaking through the fence and past the guards. The city is also surrounded by a mine field. It took me more than a week to plot a way through the old dry river bed. I’m sure they found my trail and would have fixed that by now.”
Sam frowned at the unexpected complication. “Is the minefield around the entire city?”
David nodded. “Yes. There are only two roads in and out of Alexandria. All other access routes where destroyed. A double fence was constructed around the city, and a minefield was laid in the twenty meter gap between the two fences, with extra mines in the river bed.”
Sam scratched his head, the odds against rescuing Nathan and the others increased by the second. 
“Where is the most likely place they would keep the prisoners?” Sam asked.
A cloud of anger crossed David’s eyes. “They turned the airport into a military compound. At the southern end of the complex, they constructed a concrete building which the General uses as a jail. My wife is kept there in one of the cells, and that is more than likely where they are keeping your friends.”
For a moment the two men sat in silence. Sam stared through the window, his mind racing. Will it be viable to risk the lives of more men to mount an impossible rescue? Was it worth it? He answered his own question almost the same time it popped into his head. Yes.
Sam turned his gaze back to David. “You have a good knowledge of the city. Will you come with us?” 
David’s heart pounded in his chest at the prospect of returning to the place he struggled to escape. Too choked with emotion, he nodded.
Sam placed a hand on the man’s shoulder. “If we find your wife, we’ll rescue her too.”
The rescue would be near impossible, but in the back of David’s eyes, there was a flicker of hope. There was a possibility, however small, that he might see his Lilly again.
“Talking of that dry river bed, with the rising ocean, surely it should have been filled with water?” Sam said.
David shook his head. “When the waters started to rise, they built a twenty meter high concrete wall between Alexandria and Natchez to contain the water, which also saved the power station.”
“Which explains why Alexandria still has power while the rest of us have to do without. They have their own power station,” Sam said. 
He turned for the door. “Get some rest. Tomorrow we start working on a rescue plan.”
On his way back to the Command Center, all kinds of rescue scenarios ran through his head. Just like when they planned Linda’s rescue, he had the distinct feeling that he had done that before. Sam frowned. If he worked with a scientist, why would he have to plan a rescue operation? The mystery around his past only seemed to deepen.
When Sam entered the Command Center, only Frank and Edward were present.
“Have you learned anything?” Frank asked.
Sam nodded. “Yes, a lot. It would be difficult and dangerous, but a rescue won’t be impossible.”
They paid attention, eager for more information, but Sam first had to make a few plans of his own before he shared more.
“Frank, when is Ray due back?” Sam asked.
“He arrived while you were at the hospital. I sent their squad to get something to eat and to get cleaned,” Frank said.
Sam nodded and stared at the anxious faces. They knew Sam planned something and wanted to be part of that plan.
“I think it is best we all get some rest. We can meet here at 08:00 tomorrow morning, and then we can start on a plan to get Nathan and the rest back home.”
Sam and the rest stepped out of the Command Center when several trucks stopped in front of the building. Nick and Jake climbed out, dirty and dusty but glad to see Sam.
“Did you manage to follow them?” Frank asked.
Nick nodded. “They weren’t concerned with covering their tracks. In fact, I got the feeling they want us to know that they headed back to Alexandria. They wasted no time either. We didn’t even catch a glimpse of their dust, only their tracks.”
“Yeah, they have what we want and know we’ll come to get them,” Sam said.
Nick and Jake looked at each other. “Do you have a plan to get Nathan back?” Jake asked.
Sam shook his head. “Not yet. Grab something to eat and get some rest. We’ll meet back here at 08:00 and then we can plan a rescue.”
Nick and Jake watched Sam walk down the street towards Janine’s house.
“I’ve seen that look before. Sam is in no mood for negotiations. He’s going to get Nathan by force,” Frank said.
Nick snorted. “It suits me. That punk general messed with the wrong small town.”
Sam walked through the front door and found Janine and Terry by the kitchen table.
“Linda’s in her room fast asleep,” Janine said. She always had a room ready for whenever her sister spent the night in town.
Sam nodded. “Nick and Jake are back. The General made a bee-line for Alexandria.”
“I figured he would. He knows he’s safe there. In the open, he’s too vulnerable. I doubt he will leave the safety of that city any time soon,” Terry said.
Sam pulled a chair and sat down with a mug of steamy coffee. “I’m counting on that. If he’s in Alexandria, David will be able to pinpoint his location.”
Janine frowned. “What’s the plan to rescue Nathan?”
Sam shook his head. “I don’t have one yet. We’ll all meet in the Command Center in the morning, and then, we can start planning.”
Janine cleared her throat. “Sam, I know you’re busy, but there’s something small I need to discuss with you. Reese came to see me this afternoon.”
Sam’s eyebrows tied into a knot. Reese Winters was friends with Janine and Linda. Sam and the others saved Reese, her husband Clyde, and their nephew Billy in Dumas during Linda’s rescue. Reese and Clyde took Billy in after raiders killed his parents.
“Ralph Moore and Henry Ore returned from a scout trip up north a few days ago. They confirmed our suspicions that there’s still water in the Great Lakes, and reported a large settlement in and around Chicago. Billy suspects his girlfriend might be there and wants to go find her,” Janine said.
Sam sighed. “Did you tell Frank?”
“No, not yet. I wanted to discuss it with you first. He’ll throw the kid in jail. The last thing we need now is for Billy to get out and tell people about White River. Eighteen-year-olds are not known for their common sense.”
Sam rubbed a hand through his hair. “That might not be a bad idea under the circumstances. Frank gave the guards at the barricades orders to shoot anybody leaving the town without permission. We don’t need anybody to get word out that there is food and water here. We have enough to deal with at the moment.”
Sam rubbed the bridge of his nose. It was a long day, and he started to get a headache. “I’ll chat with Billy tomorrow, but will have to mention it to Frank. He’s in charge of town security, and need to know about any possible threats.”
Janine understood. “Thanks, Sam. Now, go get some rest. You have a busy day ahead tomorrow.”
Sam walked to the bedroom, his shoulders heavy with concern. That morning, Linda and he sat on their porch enjoying a cup of coffee before they left for Hot Springs, their only worry the plasma bubble. Now that seemed like the least of their worries.
He took off his shirt and boots, and placed it next to the bed before he crawled under the covers next to Linda. She sensed him next to her, rolled over and rested her head on his arms and placed a hand on his naked chest. Her body was soft and warm next to him, and he kissed the top of her head.
Most of what Sam did, he did with Linda’s safety and happiness in mind. For a while, he listened to her rhythmic breathing. The world became such a dangerous place. How will he keep the people he cared about safe? With that question in mind, he fell asleep.
That night, for the first time since he arrived in White River, Sam had a dream.

Chapter 9

On a park bench, in the shade of a green leafy tree, Sam sat with his long legs stretched out in front of him. The green grass was cut into a luscious lawn. A concrete path snaked through the park. Several people walked along the path, some couples hand-in-hand.
Through the trees in the distance, Sam noticed the outline of buildings, several towering high into the bright blue sky. A few lazy, white fluffy clouds drifted on a gentle breeze.
The city and the park seemed familiar, but also strange. The bark of a dog caught his attention. A brown, long-haired dog got away from his owner, and ran over the grass with his leash trailing behind. He celebrated his freedom with a few exciting barks.
A woman, dressed in a weird shiny tracksuit, gave chase. As the dog ran past, Sam grabbed the leash and the dog stopped with a surprised yelp. The animal turned and glared at the man that halted his escape.
The woman stopped and talked to Sam. Her lips moved, but Sam did not understand a word. He heard the sound of her voice, but it was muffled, like something was stuck in his ears.
He handed her the leash and she smiled before returning the way she came. She walked past a middle-aged couple that was headed his way. At once he recognized them. It was his parents.He ran over and hugged them. They both talked, but again, he could not understand what they said. 
Sam placed a hand against his mother’s cheek.“It is good to see you again, Mother.”
She answered, but still with the cotton voice. Sam felt the frustration built in him. They understood him but they remained muffled. An odd sounding siren caught his attention, and on the far side, a large, black van came to a silent halt.
Six armed men dressed in black military uniforms burst out of the back and ran toward them. His parents turned and looked at him with alarm-filled eyes. They started to shout at him, and must have realized that he didn’t understand, because they waved their arms, urging him to run.
Sam frowned, unable to comprehend what happened. People around them noticed something was wrong, and moved away from them. One of the soldiers tried to tackle him, but he sidestepped the man, who dove into the ground.
“What do you want?” he yelled, but nobody answered.
Two others grabbed him and he decided not to resist. His parents talked feverishly and by their actions he understood they pleaded with the soldiers not to hurt him. One of the soldiers pulled some kind of iron cylinder from his side and extended it into a rod. He stepped forward and smacked his father across the face.
The force of the blow knocked the older man to the ground, with blood spurting from a gash in his cheek. With a roar of fury, Sam pushed the two men away from him, jumped forward, and grabbed the rod. The soldier shouted in surprise, but Sam moved too fast.
Two swift blows to the head, and the unconscious man dropped to the grass. Another had his mother by the arm. Sam stepped forward and clubbed the man in the head. When the soldier fell, he pulled his mother down with him.
Sam stepped forward to help his mother to her feet, but one of the soldiers pulled a stick from a sheath at his side. He pressed a button, and the three metallic rings around the head of the stick turned light blue. With a forward stab, the soldier pressed the glow-stick against Sam’s side. A surge of electricity rushed through Sam’s body, freezing him in place. For a moment every muscle in his body tightened. He wanted to yell in pain, but was unable to make a sound. When the soldier removed the weapon, Sam dropped to his knees.
He struggled to his feet, but another jolt from the stick sent him crashing to the ground. The world started to swim before his eyes. One of the soldiers kicked his dad in the ribs, while another grabbed his mother by her hair.
“No!” Sam shouted and sat upright in the bed, the room covered in total darkness.
Linda fumbled next to the bed and flipped on the camping lantern they used for emergency lighting.“Sam, what’s wrong?”
Covered in sweat, his eyes were big and wild. It took him a moment to realize where he was, and then he sagged back against the pillows.
Janine ran into the room with a flashlight and her shotgun. “What’s happening?”
Sam’s chest moved rapidly. “It’s nothing, just a dream. Sorry I woke you.”
“Sounded more like a nightmare,” Janine said.
Linda frowned. Since she knew Sam, he never had a dream. She placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Sam, what was it about?”
He swallowed and closed his eyes. Recalling the colorful and vivid dream, he could still smell the air and feel the grass against his skin, and still picture the bright red blood that flowed from his father’s cheek. He took a moment to run through the entire dream again, and could recall every single detail.
He sat up and stared into Linda’s concerned eyes. He touched his side where the stick shocked him.“I saw my parents, and they were in trouble!”
Linda and Janine stared at him with big eyes. The bewildered look on Sam’s face unsettled them.
Linda laid a hand on his arm.“Has your memory returned?”
Sam shook his head. “No. I saw these two people in my dream, and although I can’t tell you their names, they are my parents.”
Janine frowned. “You said they were in trouble?”
Sam nodded and pointed to the edge of the bed. “Have a seat then I’ll tell you about my dream.”
Without interrupting, the sisters listened to Sam’s account of his dream. A few times Linda’s hand flew to her mouth, but she didn’t utter a sound.
Sam finished his story.  “And then I woke up screaming.” 
“Do you think it’s something that really happened?” Janine asked.
Sam shrugged. “I’m not sure. Since I woke up under that tree, I have never seen grass like that, or green trees, so it must come from somewhere. Maybe Doc can explain.”
“The soldiers that you described worry me. The only outfit I know that dresses in black like that is SWAT. But the weapons don’t sound familiar. Nick or Terry may be able to shed more light on that,” Janine said.
“I’m wide awake and it’s almost daybreak. I’ll brew some coffee,” Linda said and made for the kitchen.
Janine waited until she heard Linda in the kitchen.
“Sam, do you have any idea why soldiers would be after you?” Janine asked.
The same thought crossed Sam’s mind, but he also didn’t voice it in front of Linda.
“I have no idea. In my dream, I didn’t feel guilty. In fact, I couldn’t understand why they were after me. I would have gone willingly, but they didn’t give me a chance. It was only when they hurt my parents that I fought them.”
Janine stared into Sam’s face. He could be a violent man, but was not one to look for trouble. But it had the habit of finding him.
“I doubt we’ll find the answers now. Let’s see how the coffee’s doing,” Janine said.
Sam nodded and followed her to the kitchen. After a cup of his favorite brew, he dressed and grabbed his hat and rifle.
“I want to have a chat with Doc before I go to the Command Center,” Sam said.
Linda hugged Sam and gave him a tender kiss. “We’ll meet you there.”
Sam paused in the door. “Let’s keep my dream between us until I have more clarity.”
He walked down the deserted street. Most of the town only stirred after daybreak. The houses had solar power, and with no battery backup, only had electricity after sunrise. Frank kept the town dark at night. He didn’t want to attract any unwanted visitors.
The hospital was only a few blocks away, and Sam’s long legs took him there in no time. 
Fay was busy at the reception desk when he walked in.“Morning, Sam.”
“Hi, Fay. Is Doc awake yet?”
Fay nodded. “Barry took a turn for the worst during the early hours of the morning. Doc stabilized him, but since then, stayed next to his bed. He’s still in ICU.”
Sam pushed through the swing doors into intensive care. Barry lay on a bed in the corner, hooked to several monitors. Doc had the use of several generators for emergencies.
Doc Percy was stretched out on a bed next to Barry. He lifted his head when the doors opened.
“It’s too early for visitors,” he groaned.
“Sorry, Doc, but I’m not visiting. I’m looking for you.”
The doctor came to his feet. “Now what’s wrong?”
Sam gave a wry smile. “Nothing, Doc. I had a dream last night.”
“You bother me this early for a dream?” Doc said, and then realization hit him. He raised an eyebrow. “You did?”
He directed Sam to two chairs in the opposite corner.
“Won’t we disturb Barry?” Sam asked.
Doc waved a hand in the air. “Nah, he hasn’t stirred since they brought him in. Now tell me about this dream.”
He listened intently to every detail from Sam’s account without interrupting.
“I scared the girls when I woke up screaming. Janine came running with her shotgun,” Sam said.
“You can be glad she didn’t shoot you out of pure annoyance. So it was a vivid dream?”
Sam nodded.
Doc rubbed his chin. “You can still remember every detail?”
“Yes, even the smell of the clean air. There was hardly any wind, and definitely no dust. The buildings in the distance looked familiar, but I can’t place them. I know the couple was my parents by can’t remember their names.”
“But you didn’t understand them?” Doc asked.
Sam shook his head. “I saw their lips move and could hear every sound, but everything they said was muffled.”
Doc stared at Barry’s bed for a while. “Sam, I’m no dream expert, but it sounds like you had a memory dream.”
Sam frowned. “Doc, do you mean that really happened?”
The doctor sighed. “Of course I can’t say for sure, but that sure sounds more like a memory than a dream.”
Shock crossed Sam’s face. “You mean to tell me what I saw in my dream happened to my parents?”
Doc nodded. “That would be the most likely explanation. With your lack of memories, there’s no way to verify it though.”
“I still don’t understand why the military would come after an innocent man.”
The doctor stared at Sam for a moment. “You’re sure about your innocence?”
“Doc, it’s another one of those instances where I’m sure, but I don’t know how. I can’t explain it, but I have no doubt that I was innocent.”
Doc gave a wry smile. “Yes, me neither. If you have another of those dreams, please let me know at once.”
Sam came to his feet. “Thanks, Doc, I will. Now I have a rescue to plan. I’m going to borrow David for a while.”
When Sam and David walked into the Command Center, the place was packed with people. Frank moved a table into the middle of the open area, and laid out a map of Alexandria.
Every Squad Leader not on duty was present. In the back corner, and almost blending into the shadow, sat Ray Lightfoot. His black, shoulder-length hair hung straight down, and the stern expression on his face made him look older than his real age of thirty-five. He was just as tall as Sam, although not as muscled.
In its sheath at his side, he carried a long, white bone-handled Bowie knife. During Linda’s rescue he demonstrated his skill with the knife, and only a fool would take him on in a hand-to-hand fight. But Sam didn’t want him for his exceptional knife skills; he needed the man for his tracking and scouting abilities. Ray could move like a ghost and could track anything.
When Sam entered the room, silence fell over the people. “For those who don’t know him, this is David West. He grew up in Alexandria and knows the city.”
David raised a hand in greeting and gave a self-conscious smile.
Sam stared at the map for a moment. “Our first task would be to find where Nathan and the rest are kept. David, do you have any idea where that might be?”
David looked at the map and pointed at the Alexandria International Airport. “The General constructed a concrete building here on the south side and created ten, highly secured jail cells. That’s more than likely where he holds them.”
He pointed at the main terminal of the airport. “Most of the soldiers are housed here. The General himself stays in a building next to the jail with round-the-clock security. They replaced the fence around the airport with a five meter high concrete wall. There are lookout towers every hundred meters and guards patrol the walls. Getting inside will prove the biggest obstacle.”
Sam scratched his head. “We have to find a way into that compound, but I’ll get to that later.” He looked at Nick. “What do you know about landmines?”
Nick shrugged. “If you step on them they go ‘boom!’ other than that, not much.”
Sam rolled his eyes. Even in the most serious situations, Nick and Jake would come up with the weirdest stuff. It was their way to cope with the stress.
“Does anybody else know anything about landmines?” Sam asked and looked around the room.
“Do you want to plant them, or detect them?” Terry asked.
Sam tapped the map. “Here, all along the city perimeter is a double fence. In the twenty meter area between the two fences, there’s a minefield. To make it worse, they laid mines in the riverbed all along the northern side. There’s only one road into the city and that is with the Monroe highway over the bridge. That road is heavily guarded, so we have to go through the minefield. David, are there any hidden storm drains on the northern side?”
David studied the map. “There used to be one just north of the airport. It’s in a pretty remote area of the city, but I don’t know if it’s still there.”
Sam turned his attention to Ray. “I think it’s time for a field trip. We need to know if that storm pipe is still there, and if we can use it to get into the city.”
The scout flashed a bright smile, but then a thought hit him that wiped the grin from his face. “What about the mines?”
Sam turned to David. “How did you get through them before?”
David looked half embarrassed. “I used a knitting needle to detect them in the loose sand of the riverbed.”
Sam gestured towards Ray. “There you go. David will show you how it’s done.”
Ray smiled. “No problem. I’ll take a motorcycle and will be there in no time.”
Sam nodded. “Try and be back in two days. If you’re not back in three, we’ll come looking.” He swung his gaze to the Commander. “While we wait, you need to pay the General a visit to buy us time.”

Chapter 10

Frank Hurley did not like his task. The convoy approached the outskirts of Alexandria, and they have noticed two lookout points already. Frank was sure the General was well aware that they were on their way.
He understood why it had to be him. The General saw him as the leader of White River, and it kept Sam from his radar. Sam’s plan was straight forward and easy to swallow. It was now up to the Commander to sell it.
The convoy kept to the Monroe highway, and slowed when the bridge over the dried river outside Alexandria moved into view. As Frank suspected, word of their approach reached the General. The leader stood in the middle of the bridge, waiting for them.
A hundred meters from the bridge, Frank brought the convoy to a halt. His keen eyes already noticed several armed soldiers hidden on both sides of the bridge. An impressive looking vehicle stood outside the main gate to the city.
It was meant to add intimidation, and it succeeded. Frank had seen enough M1A1 Abrams battle tanks in the military to know he stared down the barrel of one. No wonder the General stood so smug and arrogant in the middle of the bridge with his hands clasped behind his back.
Frank stepped out of the truck and noticed the escort gripped their guns nervously.
“Easy, boys. Keep it nice and relaxed and we’ll get through this in one piece,” Frank said, but only loud enough so his own guys could hear.
He walked forward, his boots sounded heavy and hollow as he stepped onto the bridge, breaking the silence. Ten meters from the General he stopped. The arrogant look on the other man’s face made his anger rise, and he had to fight hard to keep his emotions under control.
“General,” Frank said and nodded stiffly.
“Did you bring my prisoner?” the other man asked, not bothering with pleasantries.
Frank frowned. “Do you have my people?”
The General gave a sinister smile. “That depends if you brought me what I want.”
Frank ran a hand over his short-cropped hair. “We had him, but after your visit, he got nervous and escaped. My men are searching the area. He has no food or water. It’s only a matter of time before he’s captured.”
The General didn’t even try to suppress the slight smile on his lips. His evaluation of the small town was correct. No need for him to hunt the fugitive. They will hand him what he wanted.
“Come back when you have my prisoner. We can make the exchange here. I suggest you don’t take too long. All your men are still alive, but I can’t promise that they will stay that way.”
Before Frank could say anything else, the General turned and walked towards the gate. He was done. Any further words would be a waste of his time. Frank shook his head and walked back to the waiting escort. At least he bought Sam the time they needed. The driver didn’t wait around, and the moment the Commander was seated, he made a U-turn and the rest followed.

*****

Back on the farm, Sam leaned with his elbows on the edge of the dam and stared up into the air. With the constant wind and all the dust around, the sky appeared white instead of its usual bright blue.
Linda was busy in one of the tunnels when she noticed him by the dam, and joined him. She hugged his arm.“What are you looking at?”
“Is it my imagination, or does the sky have a pink tint to it?” Sam asked.
Linda looked at the sky and drew a sharp breath.
“You’re right. It does have a slight pink shine to it. Do you think it’s the dust?”
Sam shook his head. “No. Dust gives the air a more yellow color. This is something else.”
Alarm filled Linda’s eyes. “The bubble?”
Sam nodded. “It’s getting closer.”
A thought occurred to him and he glanced at his watch. It was nearly noon. “It’s time.”
Ben and Joe Cross found an old hand-turned, air raid siren, and installed it in front of the Command Center. Sam and Mayor Ryan decided they would use that to sound the alarm when the bubble was about to hit. When it sounded, the people would know to switch off all electronics.
The Mayor suggested they have a practice run. The townsfolk were informed and warned of the test, but they had no idea when. Sam also wanted to test the siren’s strength to find out if it would be heard out on the farm. The wind blew away from the farm towards town, and they might not hear it.
Only Sam, Linda and the Mayor knew the time of the test. Sam and Linda stared at his watch as the seconds clicked closer, and when it hit twelve, they listened, but didn’t hear anything.
They stared at each other, and for a moment he thought that nothing happened, but then in the distance they heard it clearly. The wailing of the siren started softly, but worked up to a howling crescendo.
Sam ran towards the greenhouses. “It’s time, people. Get all those solar panels turned off and disconnected.”
Linda ensured that everything was watered before the test. She ran to the pump house and flipped the switch that powered down the solar panel on the roof.
Sam pointed at the wind pump structures where the eager rotors turned in the wind. “Luckily we don’t have to worry about those.”
Five minutes later, everything that used electricity, was turned off.
Sam smiled at Linda. “I think that will work perfectly.”
An hour later, after everything was turned back on, they met the mayor in the Command Center. Timothy Ryan had been the mayor of White River for twenty years. He was only elected the first two terms. After that he was simply re-instated, because nobody ran against him.
The mayor cared about the town and its people, and there was nobody who thought they could do a better job than him. Not only was Timothy Ryan a great mayor, he was also an impressive person.
He carried his large frame with dignity, and his silver hair showed no signs of thinning. His wife died four years earlier of cancer, and since then the townspeople thought he might end up with his secretary, Alice Marley, but they remained nothing more than close friends. He was also one of a few people that gave Sam a chance when he arrived as a stranger in White River with no memory.
“The test made Andy a nervous wreck,” the mayor said with a smile.
“I can imagine,” Sam said. “Did everything here go smooth?”
Mayor Ryan nodded. “Yes it did. Doc kept the generator running on account of his patient, but the rest of the town shut down without incident.”
The mayor paused. “Sam, Doc came to see me after the test. He said he needs an urgent word with you.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Did he say why?”
“No, but he looked worried. Doc is not a man that worries.”
Sam and Linda walked the two blocks to the hospital. The moment they walked into the building, the expression on Fay’s face told them something was wrong.
“Oh, Sam, I’m so glad you’re here. Doc’s in his office.”
Sam left Linda with Fay and walked to the doctor’s office down the hall. The door stood open and he entered. On the desk was a stack of books, and Doc flipped through another before he tossed it on a growing pile in the corner.
“What’s up, Doc?” Sam asked.
The physician snorted. “You sound like a rabbit.”
Sam frowned. “Huh?”
Doc shook his head. “Never mind. I’m trying to find an answer to a serious problem. While we turned everything off during the test, it struck me that we have medical equipment that can’t be turned off when your bubble hits.”
Sam’s eyebrows knitted together. “It is not my bubble, and hopefully by the time it hits, Barry will be out of danger.”
Doc removed his glasses and placed them on the table. “It is not Barry I’m worried about. He’ll be fine.”
A puzzled look crossed Sam’s face.
Doc sighed. “We have three people in town with pacemakers. Unless I can find a way to shield them from the plasma wave, they will not survive.”
For a moment, Sam was speechless. Then he shook his head. “Oh. Well, Doc, I’m sure you’ll find a solution.”
The worried expression had still not left the doctor’s face. “Sam, I hope so, because Timothy Ryan is one of those people.”
The color drained from Sam’s face. They could not afford to lose that great man. The mayor and the doctor were always at each other, constantly bickering about everything, but they didn’t fool Sam. The two were best friends, and the doctor didn’t want to lose that friend.
“Doc, if there’s anything I can do to help, please let me know.”
The doctor replaced his glasses and picked up another book. “As soon as I have an answer, I’ll let you know.”
Sam turned to leave when Doc’s voice stopped him. “Eh, Sam, until I know more, please keep this between the two of us.”
When Sam returned to the reception area where Linda waited with Fay, he saw she knew. Linda’s eyes were filled with tears, and she ran into Sam’s arms.
He kissed the top of her head. “Don’t worry. Doc will find a solution. He says the mayor still owes him a beer from their last poker game, and you know Doc. He’s stubborn as hell. He’ll make sure Mayor Ryan stays alive to pay that debt.”
She smiled up at him. “Are you sure?”
Sam nodded. “Of course, but you’re in a better position to understand. You have known Doc longer than me.”
She laughed and her face relaxed. “Yes, you’re right. Doc will find a solution.”
Sam kissed her and then glanced at both women in turn. “We have to keep this secret until Doc comes up with a solution. We don’t want to start a panic in town.”
Both women nodded in silent agreement.
When Sam walked into the Command Center, he found Mayor Ryan hunched over the map of Alexandria.
“What did Doc want?” the mayor asked.
Sam glanced at the figure of the man that could die when the bubble hit. That would be a huge loss, not only to the town, but also to him. 
“He needs more medicine from the vault in Little Rock,” he lied.
Timothy Ryan looked up and stared at Sam for a moment. “Sam, why do you stick your neck out for us the way you do?”
Sam smiled. “Mayor, why do you stay in office?”
“I’ve told you a dozen times, call me Tim. I stay in office because I care about the people of this town.”
Sam held up his hands. “There you go. The same reason I do it.”
Tim shook his head. “I know you care for Linda, but even when the town wanted you thrown out, you still looked out for them. I wonder why?”
Sam shrugged. “I didn’t know any better. But I’m glad I did. Now it’s my home, and I’ll do whatever I can to protect my family and my friends.”
Tim slapped him on the shoulder. “You’re a good man, Sam. I’m glad you’re on our side. How’s your rescue plan coming?”
“A lot depends on what Ray finds. I can’t plan much until he’s back.”
The sound of several vehicles outside caught their attention. 
Tim peeked through the window.“The Commander’s back.”
Sam and Tim waited at the top of the stairs for Frank. He had a big grin on his face.
“He bought it, but I suspect it will only give us a few days. That General doesn’t strike me as a man with a lot of patience.”
Sam smiled. “Good job, Frank. If all goes according to plan, a few days are all we need.”
Sam decided to stay in town to be on hand when Ray returned. As soon as he had the information he needed, he could finalize his plan.
While they waited, Sam decided to find Billy. He still owed him a talk. He found the young man on duty at the western barricade, assigned to guard duty. Sam walked to the squad leader, Scott Donovan, a man known for his quick temper.
“Scott, I need to see Billy Winters for moment.”
The man frowned, but called Billy.
Sam led the young man away from the ears of the rest.
“Billy, I understand you have a girlfriend and want to go look for her in Chicago,” Sam said.
The youth frowned. “How do you know about that?”
Sam shook his head. “That’s not important, but do you understand why I can’t allow that?”
For a moment Billy had a rebellious set to his shoulders, but then realized who stood in front of him and hung his head.
“Sam, the evening Katie left with her parents, I promised her I would find her. Unfortunately my parents were killed soon after. My uncle and aunt took me in, but we had to flee from the raiders. We drifted around until you rescued us in Dumas.”
Billy paused a moment. “I thought I would never see her again, but now that we know there are people in Chicago, I can fulfil my promise and go find the woman I love.”   
 Sam looked into the young man’s innocent eyes, but also saw the stubborn set of his jaw.
“Billy, I understand,” Sam said and held up his hand when the youth wanted to interrupt. “Let me finish. I would like to help you, but at the moment it is not possible. The rescue demands all my attention. I cannot let you risk the safety of the entire town, and if you try to leave without authorization, the guards will shoot you.”
Sam sighed. “I don’t want to see you get hurt.”
Tears of frustration welled in Billy’s eyes. He could not get to the woman he loved.
Sam stared at the young man for a moment and felt sorry for him. The state of the world made life complicated.
“You know, ever since they brought the news about Chicago, I’m curious about what’s going on up there. I would like to go have a look for myself. If you promise to stay put until we rescue Nathan and the rest, I’ll take you to Chicago and help you find your girl.”
Billy’s eyes lit up. “Really, Sam, you’ll do that for me?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, I will.”
A candle of hope was lit for the young man and it changed his demeanour. The sparkle returned to his eyes, and his slumped shoulders straightened. He slapped the top of his thigh with excitement.
“Alright, Sam, I’ll wait for you.”
He saw the stern look on Sam’s face.“I won’t do anything foolish. I promise!”

Chapter 11

Sam stood at the table in the center of the room, leaning on his arms, peering at the map of Alexandria. Ray left two days ago, and if he was not back by the following afternoon, Nick and Jake would lead a search for him.
He might have been captured by the General’s people, which, in Sam’s view, was highly unlikely. His motorbike breaking down or running out of fuel would be more believable.
Nick, Jake and Terry joined him around the table.
“You’ve been staring at that map for hours. Have you learned anything?” Nick asked.
Sam nodded. “Yes, it’s a nice map.”
Terry rolled his eyes. “You’ve been around these two for far too long.”
“Sam, I see you’re making all these plans to get into the city. I’m more worried how we’re getting out of there. You know once we break them out of that jail, the General and his soldiers will be hunting us,” Jake said.
Sam shook his head. “The soldiers will chase us, but not the General.”
“Huh?” the trio said together, causing several heads in the room to swing their way. 
For a moment Sam considered his plan, and decided it was as good an opportunity as any to share it with them.
“The only way we’ll get out of there alive is by capturing the General and taking him with us.”
“That’s bold, but even if we capture the General, they won’t let us just drive out of the city,” Nick said.
“Well, that depends.”
“Depends on what?” Jake asked.
“It all depends if you can drive one of those tanks they have there.”
“Yeah, of course I can. All three of us know how to handle the Abrams. It formed part of our training in the Special Forces,” Jake said, then his eyes widened.
“You’re planning to steal a tank?”
Sam smiled. “I’m planning to steal not only one, but three of them.”
Nick slapped his hands together. “I’m starting to like this plan more by the second.”
“You seem to forget something. David said there are twenty tanks. If we take three, there’s still seventeen to deal with,” Terry said.
With a wide grin, Sam pointed at him. “Exactly! But not if you know how to disable them.”
Terry frowned. “Oh, and you know how?”
Sam shook his head and the smile disappeared. “No, but I hoped you do.”
Terry and Nick stared at each other for a moment. An uncomfortable silence fell over the group.
Nick slapped Sam on the shoulder. “Of course we know. The entire tank runs on electronics. You remove the computer chips, and it becomes a good looking lawn ornament.”
Sam breathed a sigh of relief, looked around, and noticed they attracted a curious crowd.
“That is quite a bold plan,” Frank said.
Sam shrugged. “I’m not planning to keep the General prisoner. Once we are clear of the city, I’ll release him, but he won’t take it lightly. It might be awhile before he gets his tanks working again, and if we have some tanks of our own, he might think twice before doing anything foolish.”
Tim smiled. “So not only do we get our people back, we increase the town’s defenses with three tanks. Sam, I like your way of thinking.”
Nick frowned. “They still might have missiles or anti-tank guns to stop us.”
Sam nodded. “That is why we take the General. We make sure they know we have him, but they won’t know in which tank he’ll be. They won’t fire on us for fear of killing the General.”
Jake still didn’t look happy. “Sam, you’re assuming they like their General. This might be the opportunity they’ve been waiting for to get rid of him.”
Sam stared at them for a moment. “I doubt it. I’ve dealt with these types before. His soldiers will go to great lengths to keep him in power. Without his leadership, they are useless. No, they need him alive.”
The whole room remained silent for a while before Tim broke the silence.
“Sam, where did you deal with someone like this before?”
He tried to remember, but hit the black void in his mind. Sam shrugged.
“I have no idea, but I know I did.”
The mayor shook his head. Sam remained an enigma.
“It seems you have figured out the escape. Do you have any idea how to get into the city?” Frank asked.
Sam rubbed a hand over his hair. “No, I’m still working on that part of the plan.”
“It will be easier than you think,” a familiar voice said from the back.
Everybody jerked around. Nobody noticed the silent figure that slipped quietly through the doors.
“Ray, you really enjoy sneaking up on people,” Nick said.
The scout flashed a bright smile. “It is not my fault you go through life with your eyes closed.”
Sam motioned to Ray. “Don’t just stand there, come over here and share your knowledge.”
Ray made his way to the table.
Nick slapped the scout on the back. “I’m glad to see you made it back in one piece.”
Ray grinned. “You look disappointed.”
Nick shook his head. “No, I’m happy. It would be too cruel for those poor people of Alexandria if they captured you. I don’t wish that on them.”
Sam cleared his throat. “Well, we need the information. What have you learned?”
Ray studied the map to get orientated, and when he was satisfied, he tapped a point on the northern edge of the city.
“The storm drain David mentioned is bricked up and sealed. I decided to have a look around, and found another tunnel not far from that one. The entrance is concealed by large boulders that were dumped in front of it many years ago. If you don’t know about the opening, you’ll have a hard time finding it.”
For a moment Ray looked at all the expectant faces around him before he continued.
“It was a tight squeeze through the rubble, but I managed to follow the narrow crawl space. I found that there was a lot of collapse in these tunnels, but at the end of another pile of rocks, it leads into the main section. I followed that tunnel and there are quite a few exits into the military zone.”
Ray smiled. “I tested these exits. Some are manholes that are welded shut, while others are merely old storm drains with a lid that can be lifted. One of these storm drains emerges behind the General’s house.”
Sam frowned. “These tunnels are not monitored?”
Ray shook his head. “No. I think they might be under the impression that they are unreachable, so they don’t worry about them. I overheard part of your plan earlier. If you want to grab the General, I can sneak out that exit, grab him, and bring him back to the tunnel.”
Sam and Nick glanced at each other. 
“And then what?” Nick asked. “We still need to find a way into the jail complex. According to David, that place is heavily fortified and well guarded.”
Ray nodded. “He’s right. From the outside we will not get near the place without everyone getting killed.”
Jake scratched his head. “Can’t we use one of the tanks to blow a hole in the wall around the place?”
“We can, but that would wake the entire city and have every soldier and his dog on us. I’m trying to find a way to get in without getting anybody killed,” Sam said.
Nick’s face was pulled into a dubious expression. “How on earth will we do that?”
“Through the access tunnel underneath,” Ray said.
For a moment, everyone stared at him. 
“There’s a tunnel, and you keep it to yourself?” Jake said with an accusing glare.
Ray shrugged. “You didn’t give me a chance. Before I could mention the tunnel you wanted to ram it with a tank.”
Jake reached for the scout, but with a swift sidestep, Ray managed to stay out of his grasp.
“Tell me about this tunnel,” Sam said, and the tone in his voice stopped any fooling around.
“There’s a pipe that flows into the main tunnel. The opening is bricked off though,” Ray said.
Nick frowned. “Even if it leads into the compound, how do we know there’s an opening on the other side?”
“Using my knife, I worked loose a brick and peered through the hole. There’s a storm drain with a rusted old lock.”
Jake snorted. “That’s nothing a pair of bolt cutters can’t solve.”
Ray pointed at him. “Exactly.”
“But where does that drain lead?” Sam asked.
“From what I could see it looked like a small court yard in front of a small square building.”
David stepped forward with a crude drawing of the compound, placed it on the table, and pointed at a small, square area.
“That must be the monitoring station. Besides the jail cells that are located in two rows in the middle next to it, the monitoring station is the only other structure inside the compound,” David said.
Nick’s face turned into a question mark. “That’s it?”
David nodded. “Yes. The original plan was to build more cells, but the General doesn’t keep people alive long enough to warrant any more. He normally shoots anyone who gives him trouble rather than holding them prisoner. The concrete walls around the compound are thick, and the four guard towers at the corners are designed to keep people out, rather than in. The General is confident that no one will escape his jail. Besides, if someone does manage to make it out of his cell, he would be shot on sight.”
Sam stared at the drawing for a moment, and then tapped the area of the cells.
“That leaves just one more question. How do we get the jail doors open?”
Sam glanced at Janine. As ex-Sheriff, she had firsthand experience with jail doors.
She shook her head. “Don’t look at me. I locked people behind the doors. I didn’t spend time trying to escape.”
Sam smiled. He remembered the time he spent in her jail when they mistook him for a serial killer. Although escape crossed his mind then, there was no way to open the jail door without a key.
Sam swung his gaze over the room. “Does anybody have an idea how to get those doors open?”
“We can use a hacksaw,” Nick said.
“Or a cutting torch,” Jake added his opinion.
“Or blow them open,” Terry added.
Sam shook his head. “No, that’s too slow and noisy.”
“Why don’t we just pick the locks,” Peter Roden asked.
All eyes in the room turned to his position where he leaned against the counter. Before the drought, he was the town’s locksmith.
“You can do that?” Sam asked.
Peter nodded. “I studied locks all my life and have yet to find a lock that I can’t open. If it’s a normal jail lock, I can open it in under ten seconds.”
Sam raised his eyebrows. He looked toward David. “What locks are on those doors?”
David shrugged. “I’m no lock expert, but from what I’ve seen when I visited my wife, they are normal jail locks that open with a key.”
Sam looked at Peter. “You’re our man then. What do you need?”
The slender man tapped his pocket. “I have what I need right here.”
Sam motioned the man and called on Frank. “Let’s test this on one of the jail cells below.”
Sam, Frank and Peter walked down the steps to the cell area below the Command Center. With a loud clang, Frank slammed one of the doors shut, and turned the key to lock it.
“Peter, show us what you got,” Sam said.
The man had a nervous smile when he removed the lock kit from his pocket. He examined the lock, and then selected two instruments from his kit. He inserted the small rectangular wrench into the bottom part of the lock, before using the pick to feel around for the tumblers. In novice hands, it might take awhile, but in the hands that opened locks for more than twenty years, it was like he had his own key.
With a click and a twist, the lock sprung, and he pushed the door back. It was done in less than ten seconds.
The curious onlookers on the steps applauded, but Sam shooed them away and led everyone back to the planning room. He looked at the faces around him before his eyes settled on Ray.
“How did you navigate the minefield?” 
Ray pulled the knitting needle from where he stuck it into the sheath with his knife. He smiled at David. 
“This worked rather well in the soft sand of the river bed. I did mark the path I used with small stones. It won’t be easy to detect, and I made sure to cover my tracks.”
Nick grinned. “When we go in, we’ll make sure to send you first to check. If you go boom, we know to take another route.”
Sam ignored the comment. “Great job, Ray.”
“Who do you plan to take on the mission?” Frank asked.
Sam looked around the room.
“Ray, David, Peter, Nick, Jake and Terry.” Sam held his hand up when voices of protest started around the room. “The smaller the rescue squad, the less chance we’ll get caught. Frank, I have a job for you and Edward.”
Edward sat quietly in the corner until his name was mentioned. 
Sam tapped the map. “When we make our escape, I want to cross this bridge at Boyce. I need you two to take a small squad and secure the bridge, but you need to do it as quiet as possible. I don’t want the General alerted to our presence.”
Edward tapped the knife at his side. “That would be no problem.”
“One last thing,” Sam said. “Ray says they watch the road from Monroe, so we’ll avoid that route and travel around to Ruston, and then make our way down south from there. Get your gear ready and make sure you get enough rest. We have a few difficult days ahead of us.”
When the rest left the Command Center, Sam pulled Janine to the side.“Janine, I didn’t ask you along, because I need you to keep Linda safe.”
She stared into his brilliant blue eyes. Sam worried about Linda and she accompanied him everywhere he went, but this was one trip he didn’t want her company. She touched his arm.
“You don’t have to worry about her. I’ll make sure she stays safe until you return.” She paused a moment. “Sam, be careful, if anything happens to you, it will kill her. Bring everyone home alive.”

Chapter 12

Sam and Linda decided to return to the farm for the evening. Once Sam left on the rescue mission, Linda would stay in town with Janine. It was late in the afternoon, and the worker bus returned to town for the day. Only the guards remained on the farm.
After a quick inspection, they found that everything ran smoothly on the farm in their absence. George Kingsley, once the owner of a large cattle ranch, had taken it on himself to keep an eye on things. 
“There are eight new chicks,” Linda said when Sam joined her at the chicken coop.
“If we keep this up, there should be a decent chicken flock soon,” Sam said.
Linda pointed at the six two-week old chicks that now ran around on their own. “They’re growing so fast, and we’re missing it.”
The sadness in her voice was reflected in her eyes. Sam pulled her into his arms and kissed the top of her head.
“I know, my darling. These days we don’t know what waits around the next corner.”
“Why can’t they just leave us alone? We don’t bother anybody,” Linda said with a bitter tone to her voice.
Sam shared her feeling. He would like nothing more than to stay on the farm with her and live in peace. Unfortunately, there are people like the raiders and the General who would not allow that.
Sam lifted her chin until their eyes meet. “I don’t want to talk about that. Tonight is just about you and me. For a few hours, it will only be us in our world.”
A tear ran down her cheek. She stood on her toes and her hungry lips reached for his. Their passionate kiss left both trembling when they broke apart.
“I’m dirty and dusty,” Sam said. “Will you join me for a shower?”
Linda rubbed a hand over her neck where the dirt mixed with her sweat. Although close to sunset, the heat had not let up.
“I have a better idea,” Linda said. “Wait here. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
She ran towards the house, up the steps, and disappeared into the house. Sam frowned. What was she up to?
A few minutes later she emerged dressed in a bright red bikini. At the sight of her, Sam’s pulse quickened. She carried two towels and tossed him one.
“I haven’t had a swim in ages. I’ve wanted to do it for a while now, but something always seems to interrupt.”
Sam looked toward the dam. “Do you want to swim in that?”
Linda laughed. “Yes, why not? We use the water in the dam only for sprinkling. A little swimming won’t do any harm.”
“But I don’t have any swim trunks,” Sam said.
She turned, and her face was a picture of mischief. “You don’t need any.”
Sam shook his head but followed her to the dam. He helped her up onto the wall. To the side, the two Canadian geese eyed them suspiciously. Linda dropped her towel on the wall, and with a yell of delight, dove forward into the cool water.
He watched her until she surfaced, and then glanced towards the guardhouse. Ernie Hanson was on duty. He realized what they were up to, and made sure to give them some privacy. Sam stripped off his shirt and jeans, and wearing only his underpants, he jumped into the clear water. The water was cold against his warm skin, but brought welcome relief from the sweltering heat.
Linda made her way to the other side. With long easy strokes, he set off after her. Near the edge, she treaded water, waiting for him. When he stopped, she grabbed him around his neck.
“I almost forgot how good this feels.”
Sam smiled at the joy in her voice. “The water or me?”
“Both,” she said and kissed him.
Despite the cool water on his skin, Sam felt the fire. It started in his groin and spread through his entire body.
“Are you trying to drown me?” he asked with lust in his eyes.
Linda’s clear laugh rang out and the geese moved to the opposite corner, just in case.
“Do I distract you that easily?” she asked.
Using his thumb, he wiped the water from her lips and kissed her. She allowed her body to melt into his. With her in his arms, using his legs, he moved to shallower water until he found his footing at the bottom of the dam.
When they reached the edge, she looked into his eyes, and his hunger reflected in hers. She smiled, and then disappeared under water. He gave a nervous laugh, and moments later she reappeared with his underpants in her hands. She slipped out of the bikini top, and before he could voice any protest, her naked body pressed against his. 
Later, they both clung to the side, breathless and exhausted. Sam looked around.
“Where did my underwear go?”
A giggle escaped Linda’s lips, and she caught her bikini top and bottom that hugged the side of the dam.“It might’ve sunk.”
Sam searched the spot where he got undressed and could barely spot the gray trunks at the bottom of the dam. He dove down, retrieved his underwear and slipped them on. He surfaced next to Linda as she tied her top in place.
“That was fantastic. We definitely need to do that again,” Sam said.
Linda blushed, but agreed. “Yes, when you get back, we’ll make sure to get the opportunity.”
At the thought of him leaving, the smile faded from her face, and tears welled in her eyes. She flung herself at Sam and hugged him tight.“Promise me you’ll come back to me.”
Sam stroked her wet hair and could feel the tremble of her body as she pressed against him. “Of course I will. It’s going to take more than a power-crazed general to keep me away from you.”
Her kiss was passionate, and for a few moments, time ceased to exist for them. When they finally emerged from the water, their skin was white and rumpled by prolonged exposure to the water.
“That was fun,” Sam said.
Linda laughed. “This gives me an idea. Fay and I talked yesterday about what we can do for extra entertainment in town. This is a great idea.”
Sam frowned. “It might not be a good idea to have everyone doing this in the dam. It would scare the geese.”
Linda touched Sam’s arm. “No, not that silly. The swimming, and I meant in town. When you get back, maybe we can fix up that old pool in the school yard. The people would enjoy the relief from the heat.”
Sam nodded. “That’s a good idea, but you don’t have to wait. Speak to George and Chester. George can make a plan with anything, and Chester used to build pools for a living. They might be able to help. Once they get it fixed, they can use the water tankers to fill the pool.”
Linda smiled. “Thanks, you always come up with a good plan.”
Sam didn’t want her to worry about him, and giving her something to do might be enough of a distraction. The rest of the evening they spent chatting about the everyday life on the farm and town. She avoided the subject of the rescue.
Knowing Sam might not return from the trip was not something she was prepared to face. She had never loved anybody so completely, and without him, she would be lost. After dark, they sat on the porch and sipped on their coffee. They stared at the lights of the aurora, fascinated by the display of colors dancing across the sky.
“Even the night sky has a pink glow,” Linda said.
Sam nodded. He noticed it earlier in the dam that the sky turned a definite light shade of pink. The plasma bubble was close.
“I hope this thing holds off till you get back,” Linda said.
She said it in such a matter-of-fact way, as if Sam was about to leave on a fishing trip. Sam glanced at the sky. The same thought had plagued him for much of the afternoon. That would be a disaster if they were in the middle of their rescue operation.
It was essential to the future of White River to get those tanks. If the General decided to attack the town, they would have no defense without the tanks to back them. The extra defense also might ensure that they be left in peace in the future.
Sam put his empty coffee mug on the porch rail, and pulled Linda onto his lap. “Everything will be fine. I would say that cloud’s at least a week away.”
Linda frowned. “How do you know that?”
Sam shook his head. “Like I everything else, I just know.”
Linda stared into his eyes. Even in the slight light of the aurora, his bright blue eyes sparkled. It reminded her of a movie she once saw about a planet where people harvested spice, and prolonged exposure to the spice turned their eyes the same bright blue. She never thought his eyes strange, because all her life people told her how unusual her bright, emerald green eyes were.
“Sam, you remain mysterious,” she said.
He laughed. “Yes, and you love me for it.”
She smacked his arm. “No, that’s not why I love you, at least not the only reason.”
He planted a quick kiss. “I would like to hear all the reasons why you love me.”
Her clear laugh rang out over the quiet farm. “You have your secrets and I have mine.”
Next to the dam, the two guards looked at each other and smile.
“Almost sounds normal around here tonight,” the one said.
The other one nodded in the dark. “We can sure use a good dose of normal.”
As the couple disappeared into the dark farmhouse, the farm animals stirred and looked anxiously at the sky.
The following morning Linda rose long before sunrise. Coffee was a luxury she enjoyed on the farm, and wanted to have at least one cup before their escort arrived. By the time Sam opened his eyes, the aroma of brewing coffee filled the house.
Sam smiled. He remembered that first sip of coffee he had in Andy’s Diner, and the sour face he pulled. He never thought he would grow so fond of the brew, but Linda loved it, and so did he.
She was not a demanding woman, but if she asked him for the moon, he would go to great lengths to get it for her. Most of the town was aware of their private stash of coffee in Linda’s pantry, but they didn’t say a word. Sam and Linda saved the town with sharing their water, and providing them with food, so they were allowed to have that luxury.
Sam got dressed, and joined Linda in the kitchen.
“You’re up early,” he said.
She nodded. “I wanted to make sure we get our coffee before we leave.”
Sam yawned. “I slept like a rock, must’ve been the swim.”
Linda blushed. “Yeah, but please keep that to yourself. We don’t want half the town in the dam.”
By the time the escort arrived, they had each finished two cups, and Linda had a bag packed with extra clothes. She didn’t like the idea, but knew Sam would not leave her alone on the farm.
It was still dark when Fritz dropped them by Janine’s house. They walked into the kitchen and Linda turned the switch to the camping light on the table. Janine walked into the kitchen wiping her eyes.
“You’re early,” she said.
Sam nodded. “We have a long day ahead.”
A hard bump sounded from another part of the house. In one smooth movement, Sam rotated and scooped his rifle where it stood next to the door.
“Relax, it’s only Terry. He probably walked into the bed trying to get dressed in the dark.”
Linda raised her eyebrows. “When did this happen?”
Janine shrugged. “After your rescue we got to spend a lot of time together, and found we like each other’s company. One thing led to another, and well, here we are.”
Linda frowned. “Do you love him?”
Janine nodded. “Yes I do.”
“Maybe I should throw him in jail for a few days,” Linda said with a wry smile. Although she forgave her sister for arresting Sam, she would not let her forget.
Sam also shook his head. “Yeah, I don’t know about this. I don’t trust these military types.”
Janine frowned, but when she saw the devils in Sam’s eyes, she smiled.
“You know I can hear you all out there,” Terry said from the bedroom.
The two sisters giggled and Sam laughed. When Janine’s new love walked into the kitchen, Linda walked over and gave him a hug.
“I was only kidding, you’re alright,” she said.
Terry smiled. “I’m glad to hear that, because if you’re not happy, then Sam’s not happy, and I wouldn’t like him to be not happy with me.”
The girls laughed, thinking it was all said in jest, but the glance that Terry gave Sam showed the respect he held for the man. Sam slapped him on the shoulder.
“As long as Janine’s smiling, I’m happy.”
Janine hugged Sam. “Thanks for looking out for me.”
During Linda’s abduction, Sam and Janine got close. They were family.
Sam glanced at his watch. “It is time for us to go.”
He pulled Linda to the side, and although they said their goodbyes on the farm, he took her in his arms and kissed her once more. Terry did the same with Janine.
As Sam and Terry walked away towards the Command Center, Janine called out.
“Sam, please bring them all back safely.”
Sam nodded. The entire town placed their trust in him, and he felt that weight on his shoulders. It didn’t weigh him down, but rather gave him strength. It was also not something that felt unfamiliar. He did not voice it to anyone, but as he walked down the street, he had a feeling of déjà vu.
An hour later the citizens of White River lined the street leading out of the town. With Sam and Nick in the lead, the convoy drove slowly toward the barricade with no emotion on their faces. With work to be done, they had their game faces on.
Janine and Linda joined the rest of the citizens, and when the convoy drove past, they both raised a hand and wave. “I love you,” Linda mouthed. Sam nodded, and then they were gone.
Janine and Linda watched until the convoy disappeared from sight. Janine turned to Linda and saw the tears in her eyes. Without a word they hugged.

Chapter 13

Six motorcycle riders scouted ahead of the slow-moving convoy. The wind blew from the south, blowing the dust blew away from where they were headed. One of the motorcycle scouts drove up to the convoy, and Nick brought his truck to a halt.
The scout removed the protective goggles from his eyes. His face was covered with dust, and the glasses left two clean rings around his eyes.
“Something wrong?” Sam asked.
Lance shook his head. “No, there’s nothing out here. We scouted as much as ten kilometers ahead. The land is deserted.”
Sam nodded. “Keep your eyes open. We’ll pick up the pace a bit, but if you spot anything, let us know.”
Lance smiled and replaced his goggles. He kicked his motorcycle to life, and took off. Sam and Nick chocked on the dust.
“I’m sure he did that on purpose,” Nick said.
Sam pulled the bandana from around his neck to cover his mouth, and indicated Nick should drive. With confirmation that the road ahead was clear, the convoy moved faster and reached Runston without incident.
Besides Frank’s people that would secure the bridge, and Sam’s rescue group, there were six other squads for escort duty.
Sam called the squad leaders.
“This is where we part ways. If all goes according to plan, we’ll execute the rescue tomorrow night. We’ll leave most of the motorbike riders here to keep scouting. They should see us coming and will warn you if there’s someone on our tail.”
Five minutes later, three pickup trucks and one motorcycle scout continued on the road to the south. The tarmac was covered with a thick layer of sand, and in places, they had to guess where the road was by the sign boards that remained.
It was late in the afternoon when they reached the deserted town of Winnfield.
“Frank, this is where you go your own way. Remember, wait until after the guards change tomorrow night before you make your move,” Sam said.
Frank smiled. “Yes, I know. Don’t be late. We won’t be able to hold that bridge forever.”
One lonely double-cab pickup truck continued. It was not Nick’s usual truck. Aware of the fact that the vehicle would be left behind, Nick chose a different one from the car pool. Nick was fond of his black Ford F-450, and left it in White River with his wife. 
Six of the seven remaining faces had a determined set, while David glanced around nervously. For months he worked on an escape plan, and now he had to return to the place he ran away from.
Peter and David sat in the backseat, while Ray, Terry and Jake rode on the back. It was close to sundown when Nick stopped the truck behind a clump of dried trees. They walked the few steps to the top of the hill.
In the distance the city of Alexandria laid in slumber.
“I thought I would never see it again,” David said, his tone nervous.
Sam glanced at him. “Are you alright?”
He nodded, but would have preferred to stay in the safety of White River. There was a chance he could see his wife again, and for her, he would have given his life.
Sam placed a hand on his shoulder.“Just keep your cool and follow my lead. Everything will work out.”
Sam’s quiet confidence filled the others with reassurance. While they waited for darkness, everyone checked their backpacks, and made sure nothing rattled.
Sam called the group together. “Remember, do not shoot unless you have no other choice. The longer we can move around undetected, the better our chances for success. Ray, when you’re ready.” 
Without a word, the scout turned and set off for the city. Against the dark outlines, the city’s bright lights shined in the distance. The area that they crossed was once a forest, but the drought and the fires that followed destroyed it all. Dark, burned stumps were all that remained, but it gave them adequate cover.
Ray, with his human night vision, guided them safely through the forest graveyard. When they crouched on the bank of the river, there were no sign of life in the city.
“I don’t see any movement,” Ray said.
“You won’t see any citizens. The General has a curfew, and nobody is allowed to leave their houses after dark. If the soldiers find you out after sunset, they shoot first and ask questions later,” David explained.
“Well, we better make sure we stay invisible then,” Nick said.
“Where do we go, Ray?” Sam asked.
The scout pointed toward a large boulder a few meters away.“I used that boulder to mark my entry point. Follow me.”
They rounded the boulder and descended towards the riverbank. In front of them, the river bed stretched ahead, a wide open area that provided no cover.
Sam looked at the dark sand and saw no sign of the path that Ray marked.
“Now where do we go? I don’t see anything. Ray, it looks like your stone path had been discovered,” Nick whispered.
The scout shook his head.“No, it’s still there. Terry, use your special goggles.”
Terry pulled the night vision device from his backpack and strapped it to his head. At first he saw nothing, but when he paid closer attention, he noticed the line of small pebbles that stretched across the river bed. It highlighted a path like runway lights.
“I painted the stones with fluorescent paint. To the naked eye, they are invisible, but through your goggles should be clearly visible,” Ray said.
“Where on earth did you get fluorescent paint out here?” Terry asked.
Ray chuckled. “An old Indian trick my grand pappy showed me. Make sure you keep the stones to your right. We only have a one meter wide path that’s safe.”
Sam looked up and down the river bank. The lookout towers on the other side were spaced two hundred meters apart. Ray chose the crossing point well; it was in the middle between two towers. The river bank shielded the bed from the city lights, and they started to move in the dark.
Terry led the way with David right behind him. The group made sure they touched the person in front as not to stray off course. One misstep could kill them all. Ray brought up the rear and covered their tracks.
When they climbed onto the rocks at the opposite side, the entire group breathed a sigh of relief. Ray took over the lead and steered them to a pile of big rocks. 
He tapped Terry on the shoulder.“You can put that away for now. Inside the tunnel it’s so dark that it won’t be of any use.”
“What tunnel?” Nick asked. 
Ray smiled in the dark. He led them to the side of the rocks, and then disappeared between two boulders. Sam squinted, and then he noticed the small, dark opening between the rocks. He squeezed his frame through the gap and then found himself in the mouth of a narrow tunnel.
He had to bend over, and could not see his hand in front of his eyes. Ray pulled a glow stick from his bag, shook it, and broke it in half. The eerie yellow glow illuminated the tunnel and showed the way for the others to enter.
“Eh, is it safe to use that light?” Jake asked.
Ray chuckled. “Yes, there should be nobody around to see us in here. But just to be safe, I’ll scout ahead.”
He handed Jake the glow stick and disappeared into the dark. Everyone felt uncomfortable in the confines of the tunnel. They gripped their rifles tighter. 
A few minutes later Ray reappeared.“The way is clear. Follow me.”
He led the group deeper into the tunnel, until they reached a section that was blocked by a rock fall.
Jake snorted. “I thought you said the way was clear?”
Ray grinned. “It is.” 
When they got closer, they noticed the opening to the side. One by one they slip through and emerged in the main tunnel. It was much wider and allowed them to stand upright.
Ray smiled. “Welcome to Alexandria.”
Nick looked around. “It’s nothing like it showed in the travel brochure.”
“Yeah, I don’t see any dancing girls,” Jake added.
“If you two don’t shut up, you’ll both be dancing in a moment,” Sam growled but couldn’t hide his smile.
Ray led them along the tunnel until they reached a Y-intersection. “To the right, it leads to the General’s house. The jail’s the other way. Once we cleared the opening to the jail, we can rest here.”
Sam nodded. They followed the tunnel to the left, and after a long walk, Ray pointed at narrow opening to the right.
“That’s the tunnel leading to the yard where they keep the tanks.”
Two hundred meters further, he turned and showed them the brick wall. The tunnel was similar in size to the one they used to enter, but the path was blocked by bricks and mortar. Ray slid his knife from its sheath, and used it to remove the loose brick.
Sam peered through the hole, and twenty meters ahead, he noticed the drain leading into the jail yard. Light from the yellow security lights filtered through the opening.
He turned to the rest of the men. “We have to do this in silence. Be careful and watch your every move.”
Ray worked another brick loose, removed it, and handed it to Nick, who passed it to Jake to stack against the side of the tunnel. Some of the bricks where firmly in place and Ray had to yank them loose, causing a few mortar pieces to drop down into the tunnel. In the silent confines of the narrow space, every piece that hit the bottom, to their tense ears, it sounded like a gunshot.
The work was slow, but eventually they managed to create a hole big enough to a fit a person. Sam slid through the opening and realized the light streaming in from the drain hole was brighter than earlier.
With a jolt he realized it was daytime already. He noticed the big, heavy lock on the drain cover, and motioned Peter closer.
“Will you be able to open that lock?” he whispered in Peter’s ear.
The locksmith stared at the big padlock for a moment, and when he realized what type it was, smiled and nodded. Sam tapped him on the shoulder and motioned for him to get back to the tunnel.
“We are all set. Now let’s get some rest,” Sam said.
Ray took them back to another narrow tunnel that led into a small chamber. Sam organized a guard, and then the men stretched out on the floor, using their backpacks as pillows.
Sam took first watch and positioned himself outside the chamber. Although the tunnels were dry for a few years, they still had a musty smell to them. A smell that was familiar to Sam, but he couldn’t quite place it.
Sam rubbed a hand over his dusty blond hair. His past was as much a mystery to him as it was to the rest of the people. He had the odd feeling that he knew something, or had the knowledge of how to do things, but other than that one dream of his parents, there was nothing. Not even a brief flash of a memory, and that puzzled Doc. Even in the most severe cases of amnesia he read about, the patients had at least flashes of memory here and there. For Sam, his memory remained a blank.
His guard shift ended without incident. Sam woke Jake for guard duty, then took his place on the floor, and laid his head on his backpack. For a few moments he listened to the rhythmic breathing of the people around him. With a deep sigh, he hoped all of them would still be breathing after the rescue. Sam drifted off into another dreamless sleep.
When Ray touched his shoulder, he was wide awake. Sam glanced at his watch, surprised that it was three o’clock in the afternoon. The group moved deeper into the tunnel and closer to a drain hole. They made themselves comfortable outside the circle of direct light that shined through the hole.
They broke out their food packets that Andy prepared for them. It consisted mostly of military field rations. Nick and Jack found a stash of the rations in a hidden bunker on an abandoned military base near Pine Bluff. 
Andy used the rations to prepare food packets for scouts, and now for the rescue party. The group ate in silence. They had a few hours to prepare before the rescue mission started.
With everybody fed, they cleaned and checked their weapons while there was still light. Sam had just assembled and loaded his rifle, when a piercing scream echoed through the tunnel.
Everybody dove for cover and stared at the tunnel ahead. For a few moments everything was quiet. Sam motioned for Ray to check the tunnel. The scout moved ahead, followed by Nick.
“Keep an eye on Peter and David,” Sam whispered to Terry and Jake.
He followed in the footsteps of Ray and Nick, and the trio advanced with caution. They double checked every bend before moving forward. Another shrill scream of someone in severe pain flowed through the tunnel. The way the tunnels were built made it impossible to determine exactly where the sound originated.
When the group approached the brick opening they created, another yell made them hug the wall. Sam frowned. The moan came through the opening. He crawled through the space and listened.
Through the storm drain they could clearly hear voices.
“I will teach you to be clever,” the voice of the General said. “So you say he needs help or will die? Well, I’m no monster and am glad to help.”
The next moment a shot rang out and echoed into the tunnel.
“You son of a bitch. I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!” Nathan shouted in a fit of rage. The cell door rattled as Nathan gripped the bars and tried to rip it off its hinges. A few other angry voices joined the choir. The General’s taunting laugh rolled down the tunnel.
“If they don’t return my prisoner soon, there will be none of you left.”
It took a moment for the trio to realize the General had just shot and killed one of their people. Nick jumped forward, but Sam and Ray grabbed him and held him back. Nick’s body trembled with anger.
Sam hissed into Nick’s ear. “Not now! In a few hours he will get his.”

Chapter 14

“What happened?” Jake asked when Sam and the rest joined them.
Nick tossed his back pack against the wall in frustration. “That bastard General killed one of the prisoners.”
Jake jumped to his feet in shock. “What? Who?”
Sam shook his head. “I don’t know, we couldn’t see.”
Nick glared at Sam. “I know you said you don’t want to kill him, but after this stunt, I’ll have no problem putting a bullet between his eyes.”
Sam nodded. “Yes, me neither. We just need to keep him breathing long enough to clear the city, and then you can take care of him. Having a man like that alive is far too dangerous.”
Sam turned to Ray. “While we wait, show Jake and Terry where the tanks are parked. When you go snatch the General, they need to disable the other tanks.”
The scout led them down the tunnel in the opposite direction. When they were out of sight, Sam sat on his haunches next to Nick.“Are you okay?”
Nick glanced at Sam, and then nodded.“Yes, I’ll be fine. I’m just wondering how many of the others that monster killed.”
Sam ran a hand over his neck. “Yes, the same thought crossed my mind. At least we’ll get them out before he kills anyone else.”
The pain was clearly visible in Nick’s eyes. He grew up with most of the people in Nathan’s squad and knew them all. Whoever was killed, Nick had lost a friend.
When Ray, Jake and Terry returned, the group did a final check of their equipment.
Sam gathered everyone.“We all know what to do, so keep your head down and stay alive. Are there any questions?”
Everyone shook their head. Sam pulled Nick, Jake and Terry to the side.
“If anything goes wrong, make your way to the tanks. Provide cover if you can, but if things get out of hand, take the tanks, and make sure you get them back to White River. Without those tanks, the town doesn’t stand a chance.”
The trio was in the military long enough to know what Sam said was true. Tactically, that was the best option if things went sideways.
Ray disappeared, and reappeared a few moments later.“It’s dark outside.”
Sam’s pulse quickened. “People, it’s time.”
Terry and Jake disappeared in the opposite direction, while the main group followed Ray. They stayed closed together in the dark tunnel. The glow from the security lights above filtered through the drain holes, providing some visibility.
Ray stopped underneath a drain.“This is the one.”
Peter climbed the ladder, and when he reached the top, peeked around, but there was no one in sight. He reached into his pocket, and pulled out his kit. He selected a pick, and a few seconds later, a sharp click sounded when the lock sprang open.
He climbed down and tossed the lock on the ground. Without a word, Ray nodded and moved up the ladder. The hinges on the drain creaked when the scout lifted the cover. Ray popped his head through the opening, looked around, and when all was clear, jumped out and made his way to the corner of the house.
Peering around the corner, Ray noticed two guards out front. They were engrossed in their own conversation and posed no problem. Ray moved to the other side of the house and peeked through the windows, but there was no sign of the General.
The sound of soft, classical music flowed through a window to the side. Ray crawled underneath the open window. He listened, but besides the music, everything was quiet. He lifted his head at the corner of the window, and peeked inside.
The living room was brightly lit. There was not much furniture, aside from two couches, a lounge chair, and in the corner, a sound system. General Jacobs sat in the chair with his eyes closed, and a glass of liquor in his left hand. On the small table next to him, lay a shiny 9mm pistol with a white grip. Not standard military issue, but custom made.
Ray moved to an adjacent window. The room was dark and the window closed. He tested the panel and felt it was not locked. Silently, he slid the panel open and climbed through the opening. He closed the window behind him and took a moment to listen for movement.
Ice jingled in the glass as the General took a sip of his single malt whiskey. Ray reached into his pocket, and pulled the small bottle of chloroform that he received from Doc. He took a rag from his other pocket, and sprinkled it with the sweet smelling liquid.
The General’s head was visible above the chair’s headrest. Ray stepped into the room with the cloth in his left hand and the Bowie knife in his right. Three steps from the chair, a floorboard creaked loudly under Ray’s weight.
The General’s eyes flew open and his neck snapped around. He reached for the pistol on the table, but Ray was too quick. The scout dropped his knife, which pegged into the floorboard by his side. With two long steps, Ray grabbed the General’s outstretched arm and yanked it back.
Ray’s left arm swung around and slapped the chloroform-soaked cloth over the General’s mouth. The scream that formed in the man’s throat never exited his lips. Realizing what Ray tried to do, the General held his breath and tried to twist out of the chair.
The scout was a strong man, and the much smaller built general stood little chance against his power. But Eugene Jacobs didn’t become a general because of physical strength. He was a clever and resourceful man.
Instead of struggling against Ray’s grip, he kicked back into the chair, causing it to tip over. Both men crashed to the ground, and Ray dropped the cloth to break his fall. The moment his body touched the floor,he bounced back to his feet.
The General wasn’t quite as nimble, and struggled to get upright. He opened his mouth to yell for the guards, but Ray saw what was about to happen. He stepped forward and hit the smaller man in the side of the jaw before he could utter a sound.
Aware that the guards could enter any second, Ray watched the General’s feet lift off the ground by the impact of his fist. His body went limp and flew backwards onto the couch. It hit the soft cushions and bounced back, but Ray grabbed the man before his body hit the floor.
He lowered the unconscious man and rushed to the front window. Peeking through a small gap in the curtains, he saw the guards still caught up in their conversation, unaware of what happened in the house.
Ray relaxed his shoulders and bent to pick up the cloth.
“So much for chloroform,” he mumbled, but held the cloth over the General’s mouth, just in case the man planned on regaining consciousness any time soon.
He picked up the chair, and then retrieved his knife and slid it back into its sheath. Grabbing the General by the arm, he slung him over his shoulder. Ray exited the house through the back door and made his way over to the drain.
Next to the hole, he dropped the unconscious man, grabbed his arms, and lowered him feet first into the hole. When he bent down as far as he could, he let go and the general disappeared into the dark opening.
With a dull thud, the man’s body hit the bottom. Ray backed into the hole, feet first, and replaced the cover before he vanished from sight. Sam and Nick grabbed the General and dragged him clear from the ladder.
“He should’ve dropped him on his head,” Nick growled.
Sam ignored the comment and turned to Ray. “I take it everything went smoothly?”
Ray rubbed his skinned knuckles. “Everything went according to plan.”
They dragged the unconscious general and dropped him near the drain that led to the tanks. There were no sign of Jake and Terry yet.  Sam was about to order Ray to search for them, when the drain cover slid back and Terry climbed down the ladder.
“Did you get it?” Sam asked when both men were back in the tunnel.
Terry tapped his backpack. “We disabled fifteen tanks and left three to make our getaway. Two tanks are unaccounted for.”
Sam turned to David. “Do you have any idea where the other two tanks might be?”
David shrugged. “One’s guarding the main entrance by the bridge. The other one is probably out somewhere in the city intimidating the citizens.”
Not comfortable with David’s answer, Sam scratched his head. He would rather not have to deal with a tank when they made their getaway. If the Abrams was in the city somewhere, he hoped they could make their escape before it could come to the rescue.
Sam looked at Nick, Jake and Terry. “Take the General and load him in one of the tanks. Do not move unless you see things go seriously wrong. If it looks like we’re in trouble, try to cover us, but if things get too wild, get those tanks back to White River.”
Ray tied a rope around the General’s chest while the trio climbed up the ladder. Once on the outside, they pulled the limp form through the hole. The man’s head hit the ladder a few times, but they had no sympathy.
Sam waited until they replaced the drain cover and disappeared from sight. He turned to the remaining group.“They have done their part, now it’s time we do ours.”
Ray led them down the tunnel to the drain cover near the cell area. The scout climbed the ladder and looked around before he returned to the rest.“It’s clear.”
Sam turned to Peter.“It’s your turn.”
The locksmith swallowed, took a deep breath, and then climbed to the opening. When he reached the top, he hooked one arm through the ladder to steady his body. With his free hand, he pulled his kit from his pocket and selected a pick.
The lock was familiar and posed no challenge for his practiced hands. When the lock sprung open with a soft click, Peter removed the padlock from the cover and climbed down.
Without a word, Ray moved up the ladder, grabbed the drain cover, and pushed. With a soft creak, the cover moved, and in one swift movement, Ray flipped the cover open and stuck his head through the opening. The drain was located near the guard building, and when the scout looked up, he noticed the two cameras above the door.
One pointed towards the jail cells, while the other was aimed at the entrance. Ray climbed down to report.
“We have a problem,” he whispered to Sam. “There are cameras up there and one’s fixed on the jail area.”
Sam swore and turned to David.“How many people are in that control room?”
David shrugged. “I’m not sure, but if I have to guess, I would say no more than two or three.”
Sam frowned. He didn’t like the unknown factor, but they didn’t have much time to ponder the problem. 
He addressed David and Peter.“You two wait here while Ray and I take care of them.”
Sam followed Ray through the opening and took up position at the far corner, which was covered in darkness. They were out of sight of the cameras and the lookout towers. Sam peered around the corner and saw the two cameras mounted side-by-side above the door.Wires protruded from the back and disappeared through a small hole in the wall. 
Sam pointed at the devices.“I’ll give you a lift, and then you can disable the camera. If the guards inside come to investigate, we can jump them.”
Neither man liked the risk. There were too many unknowns.But they had come that far; it was too late to back out now. The door was illuminated by one of the security lights that covered the cell area.
Sam ran to the door and put his hands together like a stirrup. Ray stepped into them and Sam lifted him to reach the camera. Ray found the wire in the back, and unplugged the cord, and then positioned it in such a way that it would look operational from the ground. The scout dropped down and they made their way back to the dark corner.
They barely reached their hiding spot before the door opened and two armed soldiers emerged. The guards had their rifles at the ready and looked around the yard, but when everything seemed quiet they lowered their weapons and stared at the camera.
Everything appeared in order. One of the guards went back inside and fetched a chair, which he placed underneath the camera. They leaned their weapons against the wall. As one stepped onto the chair, both guards had their backs to Sam and Ray’s position.
Ray gripped his knife and they approached the guards. Sam stepped forward and grabbed the unsuspecting man in a chokehold, cutting off not only the blood flow to his brain, but also his air supply.
Unable to utter a sound, the man struggled against Sam’s hold, but the smaller guard had no effect against Sam’s power. The second guard stepped from the chair, still looking up at the camera.
“It was just a loose connection,” he said. Those were his last words.
Ray slipped his left hand over the guard’s mouth, while stabbing the man in the back with the huge knife. The man’s eyes widened with surprise, and for a moment there was fear, before the light in his eyes dimmed.
The man that struggled in Sam’s hold, kicked for a few seconds more, before his resistance ceased and he went limp in Sam’s arms. He dropped the man to the ground, grabbed one of the rifles against the wall, and stepped into the control room.
Monitors lined the far wall, but there was no one else in the room. Sam and Ray grabbed the bodies, and dragged them inside before returning the chair. In the control room, they found extra ammunition for the M16 rifles, which they stuffed into their packs.
Sam went to the drain and called Peter and David, before he turned his attention to the cell area. There was no movement, but in the light that filtered into the areas, they saw the shapes of people on their beds.
David scanned the cells, and in the furthest one, he noticed two women that shared a bed. He gripped the bars and his heart rate increased. The woman closest to the door opened her eyes and her hand flew to her mouth.
“David?”

Chapter 15

If it weren’t for the eyes, David wouldn’t have recognized her. The woman was dressed in pants and a T-shirt, but her clothes were dirty and in tatters. The ripped shirt covered with mud, barely covering her full breasts. Her shoulder length hair was clumped together in a dirty mess. The dirt did not quite cover the welts on the side of her face, and tears left streaks down her cheeks.
She stumbled off the bed and fell toward him. “David!” she said again, this time much louder.
He held a finger to his lips. “Shhh, darling, it’s me, but you have to keep quiet.”
Two steps from the door she stumbled and fell, but in her haste to get to him, she didn’t bother to get back to her feet. Lilly West shuffled the rest of the way on her hands and knees. She reached through the bars, while trying to suppress the raw sobs that escaped her lips.
Sam saw what happened, got hold of Peter’s arm and pulled him forward.“Get that door first.”
While Peter worked on the door, David had his arms around his wife through the bars.“It’s okay my darling, everything will be alright. We’re getting you out of here and then we’ll be safe.”
She nodded, trying hard to contain her emotions. Her soft cry woke the others. 
Nathan walked to the door and gripped the bars.“Sam, I knew you would come for us. It’s good to see you.”
Sam drew a sharp breath. Nathan’s face was bruised, his left eye swollen shut. The man took several severe beatings. Other people came to the bars, and their faces all baring the evidence of the punishment they had to endure.
Anger rose through Sam. He had to fight hard to keep his emotions in check. His people were treated like animals. Sam recognized the second woman in the cell with David’s wife. Maya was one of Nathan’s crew, and her body bared the same evidence of violence. For the soldiers, gender didn’t matter. All the prisoners were treated in the same harsh manner.
Peter worked on the locks, and once the first door swung open, the rest followed quickly. 
Sam tapped David on the shoulder.“Get them into the tunnel.”
Maya walked up to Sam, and threw her arms around him. Sam knew Maya to be a tough woman, but the person he held in his arms had her spirit broken. There was no fight left in her eyes.
“Thank you,” she said, swallowing a sob.
Sam kissed the top of her head. “Let’s get you out of here.”
David led the two women to the drain, with Lilly desperately clinging to his arm. Ray stood at the corner, keeping watch, while the women were helped down the hole.Nathan’s door clicked open and he and Sam embraced. 
Nathan pointed at a cell opposite his.“The bastards killed Vince and Roy. They had no reason other than just for the hell of it.” His voice had a bitter edge.
“We’ll take them with us and give them a proper burial back home,” Sam said.
Nathan pointed to a small figure cowering in the corner.“That is Pedro. His parents were killed by the General. They plan to execute him tomorrow.”
Sam frowned and motioned for the figure to come closer. The young boy’s upper body was naked. Scratches and welts covered the skin, and his eyes darted around nervously.
“How old are you?” Sam asked.
The youth swallowed. “Ten.”
Sam turned away in disgust. The General was even more of a monster than he thought.
“What did he do to end up here?” Sam asked Nathan.
“He punched the General in the nose,” Nathan said.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Really?” The kid had spunk, and he admired that.
Kneeling next to the boy, Sam looked into his scared eyes.“My name is Sam, and I won’t hurt you. Do you have any other family in the city?”
Pedro shook his head. His mother and father were the only family he had.
“Pedro, do you want to come with us?” Sam asked.
The boy’s eyes widened and he nodded his head. Sam smiled and held out his hand, which the boy gripped firmly.
When Peter picked the last lock, they stepped into the cell containing their dead friends, and carried them to the hole. Sam handed Nathan one of the M16s and extra ammunition.
One by one they climbed down the ladder. Ray was last, and replaced the drain cover. Sam retrieved the lock where Peter dropped it, replaced it on the cover, and locked it in place. They made it that far undetected and he didn’t want to leave any evidence as to their escape route.
Ray led the way. They all held on to the person in front of them. They could not risk using any form of light. It was a long walk through the tunnel, but eventually Ray stopped underneath another drain. Through the light that filtered through, the outline of a tank was clearly visible.
“This is it,” Ray said and climbed the ladder.
The drain hole emerged right in the middle of the parking area between the tanks. They couldn’t have asked for a better covered position. Ray paused on the top step and peeked around.
Near the hole, a crouched figure, armed with an M16 kept watch. Ray recognized Terry’s stocky build.	
“Is the way clear?” Ray asked in a hushed tone.
Terry was taken by surprise and almost dropped his rifle.“What took you so long? We’ve been waiting forever. Yes, we’re ready for you.”
Ray climbed out and the rest followed. As they emerged from the hole, Terry directed them to a tank. The M1A1 Abrams tank was an impressive machine, and standing next to it, one felt easily intimidated. In case of an attack on the city, the General kept the vehicles fully fueled and armed at all times.
The tanks’ usual crew slept in a building only fifty meters from the parked vehicles, but they were all oblivious as to what happened outside. Terry jumped into his tank and settled in the driver’s seat.
The bodies of the two dead squad members were loaded into Jake’s vehicle. Nathan also had knowledge of the Abrams tank, and moved into the gunner’s seat. He would provide cover fire when needed.
Sam helped Pedro inside with Nick, Peter, and the unconscious General. The quarters were cramped, so Peter moved into the loader’s station, while Sam took a seat at the gunner’s station.
The hatches were closed and everyone settled with hearts racing. The moment had arrived. Up to that point, they remained undetected, but the instant the tank’s engine roared to life, every soldier in the city would be alerted to their presence.
Sam put the headset on, which enabled him to talk to Nick.“When you’re ready, get us out of here.”
Nick pushed the starter button and the huge engine roared to life. A second later the other two tanks followed suit. Before they cleared the parking lot, armed men poured from the buildings. They looked in confusion at the tanks. It took them a few moments to realize something was wrong. A few started firing on the tanks, but the bullets ricocheted of the armored hull. A voice crackled over the headsets.
“Tank drivers, this is Control, identify yourself!” the voice demanded.
“Shall I talk to them?” Nick asked.
“Yes, warn them not to fire on us,” Sam said.
Nick pressed the radio button.“Control, I’m the guy who’s stealing your tanks. We have captured your General, so I would advise you to stop firing on us. We mean him no harm and will release him once we’re clear of the city.”
There was no immediate reply. In the control tower, the man radioed the guards in front of the General’s house. They listened and stared at the radio in disbelief. Then turned and stared at the house, before looking at each other. They ran into the building, searching every room before they reported back to control.
In the time it took them to search the house, the tanks made it to the runway, and headed north-west. The heavy vehicles were not designed for speed and barely reached sixty kilometers per hour. A moment later, the soldiers received the order to stop firing on the tanks.
“Unidentified driver, this is Control. Say we believe that you might have the General, what do you want?”
Nick snorted. “Isn’t it obvious?” he said to Sam and then pushed the button.
“Control, we have what we want. Stay out of our way and no one will get hurt. If we see any sign of pursuit, we’ll kill the General and anybody else who crosses our path.”
“How do we know you won’t kill him anyway?”
Nick laughed. “You don’t.”
At that moment, the drivers of the other tanks realized their vehicles were sabotaged when they failed to start. It took them a few moments to discover the computer chips were removed. Their two remaining operative tanks were located at the other end of the city and would not get there in time to be of any help.
The vehicles rumbled down the runway with the heavy tracks ripping the tarred surface. The road was made for airplane tires, not tank tracks. Nick, Jake and Terry dialed into a previously agreed radio frequency.
“Who’s going to make the hole in the wall?” Sam asked.
“Nathan knows how to handle the big gun,” Nick replied.
As they approached the northwest corner, the high concrete wall loomed in front of them. Nick and Terry slowed their tanks, allowing Jake to move ahead. Nathan inputted data into the ballistic fire-control computer, and was ready to fire when Jake brought the vehicle to a halt fifty meters from the wall.
The barrel pointed at the structure, and when he pressed the button, the 120mm gun roared with authority. The tank jerked against the recoil as the anti-tank projectile hurled towards the wall. On impact, there was a huge ball of fire followed by a loud boom. Pieces of concrete and dirt flew in every direction. 
When the dust cloud settled, it left a hole in a section of the wall big enough for a tank to drive through.
Nick and Terry drove their vehicles through the gap while Jake hung back. Nathan peered through his night vision sights, looking for any sign of pursuit, but spotted none. When the way was clear, Jake followed.They reached a small river bed.
Terry, in the lead vehicle, stopped and pressed the radio button.“Jake, find out from David if there are any mines in this river bed.”
A moment later, Jake’s voice crackled over the radio.“He doesn’t know. You go first. We’ll follow in your tracks.”
Terry looked around at Ray, who shrugged. He took a deep breath, and then moved the tank down the gentle slope into the river bed. The vehicle didn’t move two meters before it triggered the first mine. 
It exploded with a loud boom and a bright flash. A cloud of dust and rocks rained down on the tank, but from inside the hull it sounded hollow. The anti-personnel mine had no effect on the sixty-eight ton beast. Before the tank cleared the dry river, it drove over two more mines, with no damage to the tracks.
Nick and Jake, who followed in Terry’s tracks, cleared the river bed with no incidents.  Once free of the river, the vehicles plowed forward through a dry wooded area before they reached the main road.
They barely turned onto the double-lane highway, when Jake’s voice cracked over the radio.“We have company. There are two helicopters on our tail.”
Nick pressed the radio button. “What kind of helicopters?”
“It looks like Apaches.”
“Is that bad?” Sam asked.
“They are lethal. Their missiles can take out these tanks,” Nick said.
He barely spoke his words before a huge explosion rocked their left side. A missile exploded meters from them.
“That was close,” Sam said.
Nick swore. “The target system on those Apache’s is accurate. That miss was on purpose, probably a warning shot.”
“Can we take them out?” Sam asked.
Nick pressed the button on his radio.
“Jake, tell Nathan to take care of those birds before they do any damage.”
Upon receiving the request, Nathan flipped open the gunner’s hatch and took manual control of the .50 caliber machine gun. The two helicopters made a wide swoop, their blinking lights offering a clear target.
Nathan didn’t wait for them to get into position. He followed the trajectory of the helicopters, and took aim in front of the lead machine. When he pressed the trigger, the heavy machine gun rattled and sprayed a stream of bullets towards the target.
Too late the pilot realized what happened, and by the time he swerved to the right, the bullets already ripped his helicopter apart. The Apache continued its right movement and headed straight to the ground.
The rotors hit the dirt with a sickening crunch, and the rotation of the blades slammed the cockpit violently into the ground. The helicopter exploded in a huge ball of flames, and a plume of black smoke billowed into the air.
The pilot of the second helicopter saw what happened and swerved to the left to avoid the line of bullets. He made a wide arc and approached the tanks from the side. Nathan spotted him, and before the pilot could get a missile lock on one of the tanks, he opened fire.
Bullets ripped into the cockpit and tore the body of the pilot apart. With his last movement, the pilot jerked back on the cyclic control. The helicopter pulled up sharply, before it flipped back, and tumbled over. It hit the ground with such force, that the entire machine was incinerated in the powerful blast that followed.
Nathan scouted the sky, but there were no sign of other attackers. He slipped back into the hull and shut the hatch.
“That should take care of them,” he said to Jake.
Sam looked back through the sight blocks in the commander’s hatch, but saw no sign of other pursuit. 
He looked down at Peter and Pedro.“Are you two alright?”
They both nodded. The General was propped up against a case of machine gun ammunition, his chin resting on his chest and his eyes closed.
Sam didn’t know that the General was already awake. With his hands still tied, he peered through small slits in his eyes, but noticed nothing he could use as a weapon. For him, only one course of action remained.
He jumped up, flipped the main hatch open, and jumped through the hole. Peter saw what happened and dove forward to catch the man’s legs, but he missed. Sam opened the commander’s hatch and popped his head out just in time to see the General tumble from the turret. He hit the track cover hard before his limp, motionless body plunged into the dirt.
Jake saw what happened and radioed ahead.“Do you want me to go back for him?”
Sam stared at the motionless body for a second, and then shook his head.“No, leave him.”

Chapter 16
After their group split from Sam, Frank Hurley led the two pickup trucks to the outskirts of Bentley. The lack of tire tracks in the sand was evidence of no vehicle activity for some time. The town, like all others in the area, was abandoned. Frank found an old warehouse and hid the vehicles inside. They made sure to cover their tracks.
They had to hide out there for the day, giving Sam, Ray and the rest time to enter the city. Frank called two of the motorcycle riders, Lance and Donald.
“We don’t dare get any closer to Boyce with the trucks. I need you to scout ahead and find us a place where we can move closer during the night. If anybody spots you, drive away in a different direction. You can make your way around here later, but I prefer you stay out of sight. No need to alert anybody that we’re coming. Try and be back before dark.”
Lance and Donald fueled their motorcycles and took off, heading for Boyce. While they waited for the scouts to return, the rest of the group cleaned their weapons and had something to eat. Two people were posted as guards while the rest took a nap.
Frank glanced at his group. They didn’t appear nervous, only focused. He picked them for a reason, their military background. The military will always pulse through Frank’s veins, and he respected all things military. After twenty years in the Army, it was not something to forget overnight.
Even with only a short stint in any branch of the military, discipline was instilled that would never be forgotten. Their mission to secure the bridge was dangerous, and called for people who were disciplined and could follow orders. That’s why Frank handpicked that specific group.
While his men rested, Frank pulled out a map of Boyce and studied it again. That bridge troubled him. It was in the open with not much cover, at least not on their side. Boyce itself presented better cover. Maybe if they made their way around somehow, they could approach from the other side.
The longer Frank studied the map, the surer he became of their course of action. Landmines in the riverbed worried him though. None of his group had much experience with landmines. Unsure how far away from Alexandria the General’s people laid the mines, he couldn’t take the chance.
It was late in the afternoon when Lance and Donald returned.
“Commander, we have a problem,” Lance said. “That bridge is too open. There’s no way to get close to it from this side without being seen. Although there won’t be any moonlight to worry about tonight, or tomorrow night, the light of the aurora would be enough to get spotted out there.”
Frank ran a hand over his short-cropped gray hair.“I already figured as much. Our only other alternative is to cross the riverbed and attack from the other side. You didn’t perhaps spot another safe crossing, one where we don’t have to deal with landmines?”
Donald rubbed a finger over his chin. “We did scout around a bit, and the only other place we found, was at Colfax. They demolished the levee bridge, but the rubble is still in the riverbed. We can cross there on foot.”
Frank pulled out his map and found the location.  “That will leave us with at least a fifteen-kilometer walk. Is there a place to hide the vehicles?”
Lance nodded. “The town’s abandoned, and nobody’s been there in a while. We can safely drive to it and hide the vehicles there.”
Frank slapped his hands together. “Well, what’re we waiting for? It will be dark soon. Let’s make use of the remaining daylight.”
Ten minutes later the two trucks and two motorcycles left the ghost town of Bentley. The late afternoon wind blew strong, but luckily for them, from the south, which meant all their dust was blown away from possible eyes.
They made good time and reached Colfax by sunset. Searching for a place to hide the vehicles, they found an old carwash with storage lockers in the back. All the doors on the lockers were busted and the place ransacked, but the buildings provided enough cover.
Frank directed the two trucks behind the buildings, and once satisfied they where well hidden, he called Lance and Donald.
“I need you two to stay with the vehicles. Tomorrow afternoon, you can load the bikes on the trucks and bring the vehicles to the bridge at Boyce. I don’t know when Sam will make his play, but we better be ready for them. I have a feeling that once Sam arrives with the prisoners and the tanks, we’ll have to leave in a hurry.”
Lance frowned. “How will we know it’s safe to approach the bridge?”
Frank pulled a flashlight from his backpack. “I’ll signal you once the coast is clear.”
Lance nodded and looked at Donald. Both felt uneasy about staying behind. It felt safer in a larger group.
Slinging his backpack over his shoulder, Frank noticed the worried looks on the motorcycle riders’ faces.“Don’t worry, you’ll be much safer here than with us.”
His words provided no comfort. Frank glanced up at the sky where the colorful aurora lights danced. It was dark enough for them to move. The squad walked in single file, rifles at the ready. They would have preferred to have military M16s, but instead, were all armed with Winchester lever-action rifles.
Frank led them through the buildings and down the clearing to the levee. Before he led his squad down, he scouted the other side for movement, but like Lance and Donald reported, everything remained quiet.
The General did a good job of demolishing the road that crossed the levee, using more dynamite than necessary. No vehicle would be able to cross there, but on foot, it didn’t provide much of a challenge.
Large pieces of concrete littered the riverbed and they hopped from one piece to another. The General, in his arrogance, thought nobody would be out that far on foot. If he had any combat experience, he would have had a different outlook.
Frank waited till all his men cleared the levee before he moved. He kept due south. The once wooded area was now a tree graveyard. The few trees that escaped the ravaging fires were a silent monument of an era gone by.
The dry sand crunched under their boots, and the occasional twig that snapped under foot sounded like a gunshot to their tense ears. They reached a small creek that once flowed into Red River.
Frank stared at the dry creek, unsure as to the extent of the General’s minefields. Tactically, it would not make sense to have mines there, but Frank took no chances. He found a rocky part of the creek and led his men across. Each step was taken with great anxiety, but the squad crossed without any problems.
Earlier that afternoon, Frank memorized the route they had to take, and he tried to place landmarks to the map in his mind. He kept going south until they reached the interstate highway. Although it would make for an easier walk, Frank had no desire to walk on the road, an open area that would leave them exposed.
He changed direction and led them east. His heart jumped when he saw a dark structure looming ahead of them. They reached the outskirts of Boyce. By his estimation it was just after midnight.
Frank led his squad through the deserted town, and shook his head at the devastation. With every house plundered and destroyed, and some burned to the ground. David told them how the General went around the towns surrounding Alexandria, gathering people to work at his desalination plants. Everyone was taken by force, and the ones that resisted, shot without a second thought. Their bodies had been left in the open, and now the skeletons told the story of their horror.
Frank found a house on the outskirts closest to the bridge that wasn’t burned. He led his men inside and did a quick sweep to ensure no nasty surprises. Hunched at a front window with broken glass, he peered toward the dark structure of the bridge, three hundred meters away.
Unable to see anything on the bridge, Frank organized a guard roster, and with one of his men, took the first shift. Being so close to the enemy made him uncomfortable, especially with so many unknowns. In Iraq, he was in a lot of similar positions and had to rely on his instincts most of the time. Knowing there wasn’t much to do until it was daylight he finished his shift, woke up the next guy, and went to sleep.
It was almost dawn when he opened his eyes. He crawled to the guard at the window.
“Any sign of movement?”
The guard shook his head. “Nothing. Maybe they’re on the other side of the bridge.”
Frank thought for a moment but that wouldn’t make sense.“No, I’m sure they’re this side of the river, we just need to find them. Keep your eyes open, I’m going to scout around and see if I can locate their position before the sun rises.” 
Frank grabbed his gun and slipped out the back door. Towards the east, the horizon already showed a feint light. He didn’t have much time. Frank ran parallel to the bridge, following the road deeper into town. Crossing an old railway track, he stopped and looked at the bridge, but still saw no sign of any guards.
Beyond the old railway line, a four lane road led in and out of Boyce. Frank glanced past the bridge towards the eastern horizon. Against the dark sky, the coloring of the approaching daylight was visible. He had only a few minutes of darkness left to move around the town unseen.
Frank ran across the street and through a dusty parking lot of a plundered general store. He stayed close to the walls and continued towards the bridge. The last building before the bridge was a red-brick structure, a busted post office sign lay discarded against the back wall.
As Frank crouched behind the building, he heard distant voices. He peered around the corner, and there, at the on-ramp to the bridge, he saw them. Six uniformed guards, armed with M16s, manning a barricade, engrossed in conversation. Their shift was about to end, and they waited for their replacements to arrive.
Not daring to waste another moment, Frank turned and retraced his steps. Before crossing the road again, he peered over his shoulder. The horizon now had an orange glow, and if any of the guards looked his way, they would be able to see him cross the road.
Every second he wasted would only increase his chances of being seen. He took a firmer grip on his rifle, drew a deep breath, and then sprinted across the road. If any of the guards watched, they would have seen him running, but instead, they kept an eye on the road coming from Alexandria, eager for their ride to arrive.
It was another long, boring night of guard duty at the bridge where nothing ever happened. Not being able to sleep during their shift in fear of the General paying them a surprise visit, they took turns yawning. The last soldier the General caught sleeping, died in his sleep with a bullet to the head. They were eager to get back to base where a hot meal and a comfortable bed awaited them.
Out of breath, Frank reached the corner of the building on the opposite side of the street. He took a moment to gulp air down his burning lungs, before he peeked around the corner. The guards gave no indication that they noticed him.
Running in a crouched position as low to the ground as his aging body would allow, Frank crossed the railway line and made his way back to their hideout. The guard at the door swung around when he heard Frank approached, ready to shoot.
“Easy, Mike, it’s only me,” Frank said.
Once inside, he gathered his squad.“I’ve found the guards. They’re at the on-ramp to the bridge manning a barricade. As far as I can tell, there are only six guards, but they’re heavily armed.”
Frank looked at the faces of his men, now clearly visible against the daylight that filtered through the broken windows. On each and every face was an emotion of relief. The same emotion Frank had when he realized they only had six guards to deal with.
Frank pointed towards the bridge. “If we approach from this side and make our way under the bridge, we might be able to get to them without being seen. If we all move in together, we can hit them before they know what happened.”
The men nodded, and Frank knew they would follow his lead without hesitation.
“Today will be a tough day. We have to make sure we stay out of sight, so we’ll be cooped up here. Get something to eat and get some rest.”
Frank grabbed his pack and dragged it to a corner. He fished out one of the ration packs Andy prepared, opened a can of corned beef, and used his knife to shove the food into his mouth.
The men in his squad followed his lead and ate their cold meal in silence. The food was washed down with a few swallows of water. The rest of the day passed with guard duty, cleaning their weapons, and sleep.
Each man trusted the lookouts would alert them to any trouble, but the guards on the bridge were unaware of the danger that lurked close by. For them, it was just another day of routine guard duty in the middle of nowhere under the blazing sun.
As dusk approached, Frank sent one man to keep an eye on the guards. He wanted to make sure they made their move after the change of guard. When darkness settled in around them, the group was ready to move. They were well rested and itched to get out of the house.
They didn’t have to wait long before Mike reported back that the guards on the bridge changed shifts. Without a word, Frank slung his backpack over his shoulder, grabbed his gun, and moved out of the house. His men followed close behind.

Chapter 17

Under the cover of darkness, Frank led his men around the house and down the path leading towards the over-pass. Now that they know where the guards were located, it was easier to move with the bridge in sight.
To their left was a small hill, and to the right, a line of dry, dead trees. The trees escaped the fires that plagued the area once the drought started, and provide some form of cover against the guards on the bridge.
Once they reached the cover of the over-pass, they turned right. Although his men were unsure of the layout of the land, they followed his lead. Frank had a good look at the area on his scout trip that morning.
He led the men in the dark, which slowed their pace. They had to take care with every step as not to alert the enemy to their presence. Unsure of exactly when Sam would make his move, Frank didn’t want to waste time. It was his task to ensure the bridge was safe when the tanks arrived.
When they reached the railway line, Frank knew they were close. He signaled his men and could sense their increased tension. They approached the main road, and had to step over the steel barrier to the side of the road.
Frank’s heart rate increased as his boots made a soft crunching sound in the loose dirt on the road. The noise was not loud enough for the guards to hear, but to his tense ears, it sounded like a whiplash.
One by one they crossed the road under the over-pass. On the other side, Frank divided the group into two, to tackle the guards from both sides.
“Move up the slope but wait for my signal,” he instructed the second group.
Frank led the remaining four up the right hand slope. Although the slope was once covered in grass, years of continued drought destroyed the grass, leaving the slope covered in slippery dirt.
They stayed as close to the cover of the over-pass as possible, which also was where the slope was the steepest. Halfway up the slop, the guy behind Frank slipped. His boot made a scraping sound and the man behind him caught him in mid-fall, preventing a serious catastrophe.
For a moment nobody moved. With bated breath they listened for any warning sign that their presence was detected. Fifteen seconds felt like an eternity, but when there was no sound of alarm, Frank led them forward.
When he reached the top of the slope, Frank peeked over the edge of the barrier. Five guards sat less than four meters away from him. They sat in a circle on camping chairs, their weapons laid on the ground next to them. At the center of the circle stood a small folding table with a camping light in the middle.
A cloth was draped over the lamp to dim the light. Because of the meter high concrete barriers to the side, the light could not be seen from off the bridge. Frank looked around for the sixth guard.
He found the man just outside the circle of light, casually leaning with his back against the wooden barrier that blocked the road, smoking a cigarette. His M16 propped up against the barrier next to him. From his position, he had a clear view of the road leading to Alexandria. The guards were clearly more worried about a visit from the General than any unwanted visitors.
Months of guard duty on the bridge where nothing happened day after day, made the soldiers complacent. Although they were all aware that the General captured the men from White River, nobody expected the people from the small town in the middle of nowhere to mount an attack against the mighty General in Alexandria. The General’s arrogance rubbed off onto his men. Everybody expected Frank to simply hand David over to the General without much fuss.
Of course, they had never heard of Sam, his cunning plans, or his raw determination. Had they, it might have saved their lives, because they would have been ready behind their guns, instead of being engrossed in a poker game.
Frank ducked down behind the barrier, and addressed his men.“Go for the five that are seated. I’ll take care of the one in the back.”
If everything was quiet, the guards might have heard the slip of the boot earlier, and even might have heard his whisper. Instead, one laughed as he raked in another pot. Their talk and laughter drowned out any other sound.
Frank looked at the opposite barrier and saw Mike’s anxious eyes looking at him. They were in position and ready to go. Frank pointed at them and indicated they should go for the poker players. He would go for the guard at the far end. Mike nodded in agreement.Frank held up his hand and counted down with his fingers. Three … Two … One.
Ten men jumped over the barriers as one. The poker players at the table didn’t have a chance to make a move for their guns. One man cursed his bad luck as another raked in another winning hand, and then Frank’s men had them surrounded.
“One false move and you’re all dead.” Mike said.
Frank sprinted past the makeshift table and headed for the guard at the back. The man leaned against the barricade, smoking his cigarette, when he noticed them jumping the barriers. He reached down for his weapon that rested against the wooden board next to him.
Frank saw the movement and knew he couldn’t get to the man in time.
“Don’t!” he shouted.
The guard ignored the warning and lifted the weapon to his shoulder. Frank swore and fired from the hip. The Winchester barked and the shot caught the man high in the right shoulder.
The force of the bullet spun the guard around and slammed him against the wooden barrier before he dropped to the ground. On the way down, he dropped the rifle, and grabbed his injured shoulder.
“Which part of don’t didn’t you understand?” Frank asked annoyed as he reached the man.
Mike pulled a packet of zip ties from his backpack and tied all the guards’ hands behind their back. Frank got the lamp from the table and kneeled next to the wounded man.
He unbuttoned the man’s military shirt and looked at the wound. The bullet hit him just below the shoulder bone, a clean through-and-through.
“Mike, check and make sure that shot didn’t attract any unwanted attention,” Frank ordered while he reached into his backpack to retrieve the medical kit.
A few moments ago, he tried to kill the guard, but his shot only wounded the man. Frank was a man of principle, and would not watch a man bleed to death. He took a pad, applied it to the wound, and wrapped it tightly.
The guard winced with pain.
“Don’t whine now. If you listened to me, this wouldn’t have happened,” Frank chided the guard like a father would his son.
“Who are you people?” one of the guards asked.
“Do you know who you’re messing with?” another said.
Frank laughed.
“Oh yes, we know. But clearly your General had no idea.”
The two guards looked at each other where they laid on the ground with their hands tied behind their back.
“You’re from White River?”
Frank nodded.“Looks like you boys didn’t expect to see us here.”
The guard frowned.“We sure didn’t. General Jacobs said you would be no problem.”
Frank laughed.“Well, clearly your General has no clue.”
After Frank finished wrapping the guard’s shoulder, he tied the man’s hands, and moved him next to his colleagues. He picked up the guard’s fallen M16.
“Thanks, it’s nice to have one of these again,” he said to the guard.
“Keep an eye on them, I’ll be right back,” Frank said to the others.
Frank stepped around the barricade, and walked up the bridge. It was quite a steep slope and the bridge spanned almost a kilometer, with the crest roughly at the halfway mark. When he reached the highest point on the bridge, he took a flashlight from his pack.
Pointing it in the direction where Lance and Donald should be waiting with the vehicles, he flashed in three short bursts. After a few moments he thought nothing happened, and was about to flash again, when he heard the low rumble of the pickup trucks.
Donald drove the lead truck, with his motorcycle tied on the back.
“Everything okay?” Frank asked as he climbed into the passenger seat.
Donald nodded. Frank instructed him to follow the bridge to the barricade.
“Turn the trucks around to point the way you came, and then unload the motorcycles. We better be ready to leave when Sam arrives with the tanks.”
At the mention of the tanks, the guards looked at each other with a shock expression, they were under the impression Frank’s group was the only rescuers. They didn’t expect someone already in the city.
Frank looked at the weaponry the guards had on the bridge. Apart from a .50 caliber machine gun mounted on a tripod, there were also six AT-4 anti-tank weapons. He picked up one of the weapons, which were fired like a bazooka. Although the AT-4 wouldn’t destroy a tank, it could do serious damage. 
Sam’s instincts were right again, Frank thought. There were also two cases of ammunition for the machine gun.
While they waited, Frank’s men loaded the weapons and ammunition on the back of the trucks, moved the guards out of the way to the side of the bridge, and cleared the barricades. Mike already made plans how he would mount the machine gun on the back of his truck once they got back to White River.
For two hours they waited on the bridge with no sign of Sam and the rest.
Mike walked over to Frank.“Do you think Sam can pull it off?”
His answer came in the form of a distant explosion from the direction of Alexandria.
“We’re about to find out,” Frank said.
The city of Alexandria was fifteen kilometers from their position. Not a long drive under normal circumstances, but having to drive three Abrams tanks through hostile territory, was anything but normal.
Frank’s group were too far away to hear the small arms fire as the soldiers started shooting at the tanks, but could hear the distant boom when the tank’s main gun blew the hole in the concrete wall.
Not knowing what happened, and having no communication with Sam’s group, made Frank and the rest nervous.
“They have choppers!” Mike said and pointed at the distant objects in the sky.
From their position, they could see the Apache helicopter fire one of its rockets, and although they witnessed the explosion, had no idea what it hit. They had no way to know that it was only a warning shot.
“I hope Sam managed to capture the General. That might caution those choppers, otherwise they’re sitting ducks in those slow tanks,” Frank said.
Mike glanced at the trucks that were parked to the side. He pondered the merit of reassembling the .50 cal on the tripod. Frank must have followed his line of thinking.
“If those are Apaches, we’ll have no chance.”
At that moment Nathan opened fire on the helicopters. From their position, they could see the line of bullets emanating from somewhere beyond a ridge. Even at that distance, they noticed the sparks and mini explosions as the bullets tore into the chopper.
When it banked hard to the right, it continued on its path and disappeared behind the hill. A huge ball of flame erupted about eight seconds before they heard the hollow boom.
“Oh yeah, one down, one to go!” several of the men cheered.
The second chopper made a wide arc, and came close to their position. Once the shooting started, Frank made sure that the bridge stayed dark.
“If I was in charge, I would’ve sent the choppers to take out the bridge rather than throwing them against the tanks. If Sam did capture the General, they can’t really attack the tanks,” Frank said.
Mike glanced at his Commander.“In that case, I’m glad you’re here and not there.”
The rest of the men looked at each other with anxious eyes before they returned their attention to the helicopter. The chopper completed its turn, and swooped down on the tanks. It moved in for a kill, but before it could fire one of its rockets, the spray of .50 cal bullets ripped it apart.
The Apache went down and exploded in another brilliant ball of fire.
“I thought that only happens in movies,” Mike said.
Frank shook his head.“It must’ve hit the ground with such force that the rockets exploded.”
For the next few minutes, everything was quiet. They could hear no more shooting and no explosions. Against the distant glow of Alexandria’s lights, they imagined they could see the huge plume of dust the tanks’ tracks kicked up on the road.
They heard the deep rumble of the tanks’ powerful engines long before they were able to see them. In the dark, between the hills, Frank saw the movement first. For a man in his sixties, his sight was still remarkably good.
“They’re coming up the interstate,” he informed the others.
It was only when the tanks took the off-ramp, that they saw them. The three Abrams tanks followed each other. They could hear the tracks grinding on the road.
“Get to the trucks,” Frank ordered and turned to where the guards laid on the ground away from the road. “Keep your heads down, and you won’t get hurt.”
Frank could’ve killed them all, but instead, he bandaged the wounded man. They knew he spoke the truth and wasn’t about to do anything stupid.
Frank stood by the passenger door of the leading pickup truck, making sure all his men got in safely. The first tank rolled into view and stopped next to his truck. The commander’s hatch opened and Sam stuck out his head.
“Missed us?” he asked.
“Did everything go okay?” Frank asked.
Sam nodded. “Surprisingly, yes. How about here?”
Frank smiled. “No problem. We had to interrupt the guards’ poker game, but I did apologize for the inconvenience. Did you capture the General?”
Sam pointed back toward the city.“We had him, but he jumped out of the tank before we could stop him. He bounced quite hard off the track cover, and didn’t move when he hit the ground. I don’t know if he’s still alive. I wasn’t about to waste valuable time to find out. His men think we still have him, so let’s get out of here before they discover the truth.”

Chapter 18

The progress of the convoy toward White River was slow. The M1A1 Abrams tank was built for brawn, not speed. Sam made sure the motorcycle riders kept an eye on their rear. If the soldiers from Alexandria decided to pursue, it wouldn’t take them long to catch the convoy.
At Winnfield, they met up with the rest of the escort and continued north. When they crossed the state line into Arkansas, there was still no sign of a pursuit, and they breathed easier.
When they reached Crossett, Sam sent two of the motorcycle riders ahead to White River with news that they were on their way. He knew Linda, Janine, and the rest of the town would be sick with worry.
The trip back took most of the day, and Sam used some of the time to get better acquainted with Pedro. The boy looked lost and scared. Sam found out from Nathan that the General kept the boy prisoner for two months.
In that time, the boy was only given one meal and a cup of water a day, barely enough to keep him alive. Upon hearing that, Sam regretted not driving over the General with one of the tanks.
Sam did all the talking. The only response he could get from the boy was a nod or shake of the head, but Pedro remained close to him. They stopped twice for a water break, and on both occasions the boy made sure he stayed with Sam.
It was late afternoon when the convoy reached White River. Unlike the somber farewell they got when they left town, their homecoming was met with celebration. The entire town lined the street, clapping and cheering.
Sam led the convoy to the clearing across from the Command Center. The tanks and trucks stopped side by side in formation. Sam climbed out of the commander’s hatch and helped Pedro down.
The moment Sam’s feet touched the ground, Linda burst through the crowd, and jumped into his arms. His face was dirty, but she didn’t care, and showered him with kisses.
“Oh, Sam, I was so worried. I’m so glad you’re back safe.”
For a moment, they were lost in their embrace. It took a few seconds before Linda noticed the little person that hid behind Sam. The boy had a firm grip on Sam’s jeans. 
She took a step back with a frown on her face.“And this?”
Sam kneeled next to the bewildered boy.“This is Pedro. We found him in the jail when we rescued Nathan and the rest. Pedro, this is Linda. She’s with me and won’t hurt you.”
Sam rose and took a step forward to whisper in Linda’s ear. “They killed his parents, and he has no other family, so I brought him with us.”
Linda looked up at Sam, her face filled with shock. When she kneeled next to the boy, her face was kind with a slight smile.
“How old are you, Pedro?” she asked in her gentle voice.
He held up all his fingers for her to see.
“Ten?” she asked and looked up at Sam.
He nodded and rubbed a gentle hand over Pedro’s hair.
“He doesn’t say much.”
The boy was dressed in dirty shorts, and his T-shirt was two sizes too big for him. It emphasized his skinny frame, and was ripped in several places.
Sam looked at Linda. “While I finish up here, would you mind taking him to see Doc? I’ll meet you there shortly.”
Linda nodded and held out her hand.“Pedro, please come with me. We’re going to see the doctor, and then we can get you something to eat.”
The boy looked up at Sam, and when he nodded, Pedro placed his small hand in Linda’s, and followed her toward the hospital.
Sam looked at the scene around him. People hugged their loved ones. Edward greeted his brother when they stopped at Winnfield, but haven’t let him out of his sight since. Over to the side, Janine and Terry were in an embrace.
Several people helped unload the bodies of Vince and Roy. A woman with dark, curly hair pushed through the crowd of onlookers. She recognized her husband, and her hand flew to her mouth while a sob of sorrow burst from her lips.
“Oh, Vincent, no!” she wailed and dropped to her knees next to his corpse.
Frank took a blanket and folded it over Roy’s body, lying alone next to Vince. Roy had no family left in White River, and Vince was his closest friend.
Sam gave her a few moments alone, then walked over to the grieving widow and put his arm around her shoulder.“Theresa, I’m so sorry.”
With tear-filled eyes she looked up at Sam.“What happened?”
“They killed Vince and Roy in the cells before we got there,” Sam said.
She nodded. “Thank you for bringing him back.”
After Sam made the funeral arrangements for the following morning, he walked to the hospital. He found Linda in deep discussion with Fay. Linda’s friend gave him a hug before she excused herself.
Linda turned to Sam and planted a tender kiss.“I’m so glad you’re back.”
Sam saw the concern on her face.“You don’t look all that glad.”
Linda shook her head.“It’s not you. Fay just told me what Doc said about Pedro. She had never seen him so upset. The way that poor boy was treated, is monstrous. According to Doc, someone broke his arm and didn’t even bother to set it. What happened to him?”
Sam relayed the story that Nathan told him. How the General shot the boy’s parents in front of him in cold blood for demanding medicine for their sick child. How Pedro punched the General in the nose when the man laughed at him for crying next to his dead mother. Once in the prison cell, the boy was abused and beaten almost every day for two months.
Linda held a hand to her mouth.“No wonder the poor boy’s so traumatized he doesn’t want to speak.”
Linda stared at Sam for a moment.“What’s going to happen to him?”
Sam frowned.“I don’t know.”
Linda put her hands on her hips, and determination set onto her face.
“I know exactly what will happen. He’ll come with us to the farm. It will be much better for him out there. I’ll take care of him.”
Sam had a slight smile.“I agree.”
Linda stared at his face and her eyes narrowed.“That was your plan all along?”
Sam shrugged. Soft footsteps interrupted their conversation. When they turned towards the sounds, Doc and Pedro came walking down the hallway. The moment Pedro noticed Sam he broke away from Doc and ran toward him.
Sam dropped to one knee. Pedro threw his arms around his neck, and held on tight. Linda smiled. She understood the boy’s reaction. Sam rescued her too, and she felt safe around him.
Sam turned toward the doctor.“How’s he doing, Doc?”
Doc ruffled the boy’s hair and smiled.“He’s doing fine. Nothing a few plates of food and a little love can’t fix.”
Pedro smiled when Doc winked at him.
Doc motioned with his thumb down the hallway.“Sam, can I see you in my office?”
Sam turned to Pedro.“Go with Linda. She’ll help you to get clean, get you some fresh clothes, and will take you for something to eat. I’ll meet you two later.”
The boy nodded and placed his hand in Linda’s.
Sam and Doc watched the two walk away hand-in-hand. 
Doc smiled.“Pedro’s in good hands.”
Sam nodded. “Yes, Linda’s a natural with children.”
Doc shook his head. “I don’t mean just her. I see how you’re around the boy. He trusts you. Will he be staying with you for a while?”
“Yes, we’ll take him out to the farm. He needs a little normal in his life.”
Sam followed the doctor into his office and took a seat in the patient’s chair.
Doc’s eyes were filled with anger when he spoke. “That’s good, because the way that poor boy’s been treated is a sin. He broke his arm a while back and it wasn’t set. Pedro must’ve endured terrible pain while that healed. He also has scars and bruises all over his body. What kind of monster does that to a child?”
The image of the General, and the ever present sadistic smile on his face ran through Sam’s mind. He could only hope the man was dead.
“Did you kill him?” Doc asked.
Sam shook his head. “No, he escaped, but he fell hard when he jumped from the moving tank and didn’t move after he hit the ground. Unfortunately, we were in a hurry and left him there in the dirt.”
Doc’s eyes were still angry. “You should have driven over him with the tank, a few times, just to make sure.”
Sam gave a wry smile. The same thought he had. Doc’s outburst surprised Sam. He had never seen the doctor that angry. The pudgy doctor was always grumpy, but never angry.
Doc ran a hand over his bald head.“Anyway, that was not what I wanted to discuss.”
Doc rearranged a few items on his desk to gather his thoughts. “Since we’d last spoke, I did a lot of research to find a solution to our pacemaker problem. It’s a pity we don’t have access to the internet anymore. I could’ve just Google’d it.”
Sam frowned. It took a few moments for the doctor to realize that Sam had no idea what he was talking about.
“You don’t remember Google?” Doc asked.
Sam shook his head.
Doc sighed. “Good for you. Anyway, after reading a stack of books, I’ve found a solution.”
Sam smiled. “I knew you would.”
“We only have one small problem. The solution is in Little Rock.”
Sam shrugged. “That shouldn’t be a problem. Our scouts reported no activity in Little Rock. I’ll send a party on a supply run to fetch it.”
Doc shook his head. “It is not that easy. The solution is called a Faraday cage. At the medical facility in Little Rock, they built an entire room to test equipment against any electromagnetic interference. If the magnetic pulse from that plasma cloud is as powerful as you say, that special room might just do the trick. Unfortunately, we won’t know for sure until it happens, but I reckon that’s the best chance we can give Tim and the others.”
With his brow knotted in a frown, Sam rubbed a hand over his hair.“Well, then we better get them up there as soon as possible. I still have no idea exactly when this thing will strike. It could be another month, or it can happen tomorrow.”
Doc sighed. “I would like to go with them in case they need medical attention.”
The concern in the doctor’s voice did not escape Sam’s notice. The mayor was Doc’s friend, and he wanted to be there for him. 
Sam nodded. “I understand, but what about your patients here? We can’t move them all up there.”
Doc shook his head. “That won’t be necessary. Barry’s out of danger and Fay can take care of most emergencies. Lilly also has nursing experience, and once she’s stronger, can help Fay.”
With that settled, Sam rose to his feet.“I’ll tell Frank and let him make the arrangements for your escort. Two squads should be enough to keep an eye on you.”
“Once we’re there, one will be more than enough. Nobody will get to us once we’re inside the building,” Doc said.
Sam turned to leave, but Doc cleared his throat. Raising an eyebrow, he stared at the doctor.
“Something else bothering you, Doc?” Sam asked.
Under Sam’s curious gaze, the doctor seemed embarrassed.
“I need another favor. Will you speak to Tim? You know how stubborn he can be, and if I tell him he has to go to Little Rock, he’ll refuse.”
Sam smiled and shook his head. The two old friends could never agree on anything.
Walking back to the Command Center, Sam glanced up at the sky. There was no sign of blue sky anymore. It was replaced by a soft pink, and Sam could see it freaked out the people. If he had to be honest with himself, he felt uneasy too. The plasma wave presented too many unknowns, and his memory still refused to cooperate.
Upon reaching the Command Center, Sam explained Doc’s solution to Frank.
“I’ll organize two squads to escort them. There shouldn’t be any trouble. It’s been months since there was any sign of people up there.” Frank said.
Sam took a seat on the corner of Frank’s desk.“Once they’re inside, one squad can return. That building’s like a fort.”
Frank nodded. “That’s good. If Alexandria decides to make a move against us, I want all available squads to defend against an attack. Nick and the others are already refueling the tanks, and will make sure they’re battle ready. Edward also knows how to work the weapons system on the Abrams. The brothers will train some others so we’re ready to face an attack.”
“Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. Any sign of pursuit?” Sam asked.
Frank shook his head. “Donald and Lance left a few minutes ago. I have six other riders keeping an eye on Alexandria. If they make a move, we’ll know about it.”
Rising to his feet, Sam grabbed his hat. “We’ll be staying over at Janine’s tonight. Let me know if there are any developments.”
Frank nodded and watched Sam exit the office. After the funeral, Sam and Linda will return to the farm. From the pitcher in the corner, Frank poured water into the basin and washed the dirt from his face. He looked into the mirror, and the face that stared back at him look old and tired.
“You need a bath,” he said to the man the mirror.

*****

Three hundred kilometers south of White River, on the outskirts of Alexandria, a patrol in an army truck came upon a still body in the sand. One of the soldiers ran to the man and flipped him onto his back.
He turned to the truck and shouted, “We found him. It’s the General!”
The lieutenant jumped from the vehicle and ran closer. He never thought he would see his leader like that. The body was covered in dirt, and one arm was bent in an unnatural way.
“Is he dead?”
The soldier felt for a pulse, but with his own heartbeat racing, he was unable to feel anything. He bent forward and placed an ear to the general’s chest. He listened carefully, and then lifted his head in surprise.
“He’s still alive!”

Chapter 19

When the drought set in and the town’s only mortician left, he locked up the funeral parlor and headed north. After their first raider-related casualty, Mayor Timothy Ryan asked the local locksmith, Peter Roden, to open the doors. With nobody else qualified to fill the position, Doc Percy took on the added role of mortician.
The doctor laid the two friends, Vince and Roy, each in a well-crafted oak coffin. After Vince’s wife said goodbye, he sealed the caskets, and Nick and Jake loaded them onto their trucks, and drove to the gravesite just outside town.
Most of the townspeople attended the funeral. Since the onset of the drought, everyone in town was like family. They stood together and mourned every life lost. The burial acted as a stark reminder of the grim situation in the world.
Because of the way White River operated under the guidance of Sam, Linda, and the Commander, the town was largely shielded from the realities of the rest of the world. Only in cases like the abduction of Nathan and his crew, did they have to face what the rest of the world dealt with on a daily basis.
The funeral was a plain affair. Mayor Ryan said a few words, and after a prayer, the friends were laid to rest. Pedro stood between Sam and Linda, and he held on to their hands. The memory of Vince and Roy’s murder was still fresh in his mind. The General made them kneel before he shot them in the back of the head, execution style, in full sight of the rest of the prisoners.
Sam knew it would be hard on the boy and wanted him to stay behind with Linda, but Pedro spoke the first time since he returned from Alexandria.
“Vince and Roy were my friends and I want to go. I couldn’t say goodbye to Mama and Papa, but I want to say goodbye to them.”
Linda held him in a tight hug while the boy cried for the first time. She looked up at Sam. He choked down a lump in his throat and nodded. Next to the grave, Pedro showed his bravery and didn’t cry, although the tears lingered beneath his eyelids.
Once the coffins were lowered into the hole, several men grabbed shovels and filled in the graves. George Kingsley fashioned crosses from wood, which he covered with white paint. Both crosses had the same message. Here lies Vince and Roy, lifelong friends.
After the funeral Linda returned to Janine’s house. She gathered the clothes and other things she collected for Pedro, and packed it into a bag. Janine and Terry walked with Linda and Pedro to the Command Center.
Sam had to tend to another matter. He tracked down the mayor in his office next to the Command Center. There was no one else in the building, and Timothy Ryan cut a lonely figure behind his desk.
“Sam, I thought you’d be on your way to the farm by now,” he said when Sam entered his office.
Sam nodded. “We’re leaving in a few minutes, but there’s something I need to discuss with you first.”
The mayor indicated a seat on the other side of the table, but Sam ignored the offer.
“Doc told you about the effects the plasma wave would have on your pacemaker?” Sam asked.
Tim frowned and nodded. “He mentioned it to me.”
“Then you also know he searched for a way to help you and the other two with pacemakers. Well, he’s found a way. The solution is in the medical facility in Little Rock. Doc will accompany you and the other two. You’re leaving in two hours. I don’t know how long you’ll be there, but Andy’s sending provisions for a week. If it takes longer, more will be brought to you.”
For a moment Tim stared at Sam like he had lost his mind.“Sam, I can’t leave now. The town needs me.”
Sam shook his head.“What the town needs, is for you not to get killed when the wave hits.”
Tim rose to his feet with a stubborn set in his eyes.“I’ve been running this town for twenty years, and I’m not about to abandon the people in their darkest hour.”
Sam rolled his eyes.“The only ones that are in danger when the wave hits, is Jim, Troy, and you.”
When the mayor opened his mouth to argue, Sam cut him short.“Tim, this is not up for discussion. You’ll leave with the rest, even if we have to drag you there. You’re too important to this town to risk your life like that.”
About to say something else, Tim noticed the determined set of Sam’s eyes, and realized this was an argument he wouldn’t win. 
Defeated, he slumped back into his chair.“Okay, I’ll go.”
Sam stepped forward and stuck out his hand.“Have a safe trip. See you after the wave.”
Timothy Ryan growled, but shook the hand that was offered.
Back at the Command Center, Sam discussed last minute arrangements with Frank before he organized an escort back to the farm. On the short trip, Pedro sat on Sam’s lap, staring through the window at the barren landscape.
When they pulled into the farm, the first thing that Pedro noticed was Daisy and her young calf. Pedro wanted to run over to the animals but Linda stopped him.
“Let me first show you to your room, and then we’ll show you the farm.”
Pedro’s eyes sparkled with anticipation and he nodded.
The same room once used by Sam when he first arrived on the farm, was now Pedro’s. Linda packed his clothes into the dresser, while Sam added fresh sheets to the bed in the corner.
With that done, Linda took Pedro’s hand.“Ready to see the farm?”
The boy nodded with enthusiasm. Because it was the first thing that drew his attention, they took him to Daisy. The black and white cow stood by the feed trough, her jaws moving in a rhythmic chewing motion as she ate some of the barley straw. Her calf fed on her full udder.
Once Pedro had stared at mother and baby for a while, they showed him the chickens. The four adult chickens stared curiously at the newcomer, while the small chicks continued to scratch around in the dirt.
While the boy stared at the chickens, Linda’s gaze drifted towards the dam. On the water, a Canadian goose floated lazily, half asleep.
“Where’s the other goose?” Linda asked, her voice filled with concern.
Sam looked around, but there was no sign of the bird. George Kingsley walked out of the shed with a hammer and a roll of wire.
“George, where’s the other goose?” Linda asked.
George smiled and motioned them to follow him.“Come, I’ll show you.”
Sam and Linda exchanged glances before they followed the man. He entered the barley tunnel closest to the dam. A field of knee-high, green barley grass greeted them inside.
George pointed toward the corner.“Have a look over there, but watch your step.”
Careful not to step on anything, Linda made her way to the corner. From the grass, two black eyes gazed at her. The female goose made a nest.
“Are there eggs?” Linda asked in wonder.
George nodded. “Yes, for the last two days she’d been sitting on six eggs. I took a peek yesterday when she went for a swim.”
Sam picked up Pedro and showed him where the goose had her nest.
“Let’s not scare her,” Linda said when the female started to hiss at them.
They took Pedro around the farm and showed him all they had. He looked in wonder at his new home. 
After the worker bus left for the day, Sam looked at Pedro.“Can you swim?”
The boy frowned but nodded. Sam and Linda looked at each other, remembering their promise they made before Sam left on the rescue mission. Their situation changed with the arrival of Pedro, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t go for a swim.
While Linda went inside to change into her costume, Sam stripped to his shorts. The boy followed his example. Climbing on top of the dam wall, Sam let out a yell of delight before he dived into the clear water.
When he surfaced, he motioned for Pedro to join him. The boy took a deep breath, and then dove into the water before he surfaced near Sam. Moments later Linda joined them, and for the next hour the three swam and played in the water.
When Sam and Linda had enough, they sat on the side with their feet dangling into the water, watching Pedro float on his back. They smiled at each other, thankful that life returned to normal for a while.

*****

In a hospital bed in Alexandria, General Eugene Jacobs opened his eyes. An IV drip in his left arm, and his right in a plaster cast. He breathed with difficulty from the cracked and broken ribs.
Peering toward the glass door, he noticed the soldier on guard.
“Hey, you!” he called in a croaky voice.
The guard turned at the voice and his eyes widened with fear when he noticed the General was awake.
He hurried inside and stood at attention.“Yes, sir?”
“Call Major Bradley. Tell him I want to see him ASAP.”
The soldier rushed out, and five minutes later, Major Bradley walked into the room. Unlike the General, he was a solid build man with wide shoulders that tapered into a slim waist. His black, curly hair stuck out from underneath his beret.
“General, you wanted to see me?” he said formally with no pleasantries.
“What’s our status with the tanks?”
Major Bradley blinked once.“They took three tanks and disabled fifteen.”
The General winced. “How long before we can get the tanks operational again?”
“We have to find replacement computer chips. I already sent out a few people to see what they can find.”
The General nodded. “Let me know the moment we get the tanks moving again. I want to crush that little town for once and for all!”

*****

For the next two days things returned to the way everything operated before the abduction. Sam and Linda ran everything on the farm, while Commander Hurley handled the security in town.
When Ernie Hanson’s squad returned from Little Rock, they reported that Doc, the mayor, and the rest were locked in and settled in the medical building. Bill Turner’s squad stayed behind to provide protection. Andy prepared field rations and water for them for a week. If it took longer, somebody would be tasked to do a supply run.
In the course of the two days, Pedro came out of his shell. Every afternoon after the worker bus returned to town, Sam and Linda took the boy for a swim in the dam. Pedro looked forward to it and laughed out loud for the first time when he bombed into the dam and splashed Sam,who sat on the edge.
Sam pretended to be hurt by the water and dived in after Pedro. They wrestled for a while, but Sam ensured that he had a solid grip on the boy at all times. When they both finally sat exhausted on the edge, Pedro surprised them both.
“That was fun,” the boy said. “What’s for dinner?”
Linda laughed.“Janine will bring our dinner shortly, but I heard Andy had a special surprise for you.”
Pedro’s eyes widened with excitement.“Really, what is it?”
Linda shrugged. “I don’t know, it’s supposed to be a surprise.”
Sam and Linda looked at each other and smiled. The previous day Sam asked Andy if he had a recipe for ice cream. After consulting a recipe book, Andy said he had most ingredients and only needed eggs.
George milked Daisy twice a day, in the morning, and again late in the afternoon. Each time he only took five liters and left the rest for the calf. The milk was sent to Andy, which he used in a variety of ways. He made butter from the cream, and used most of the milk in preparing food for the day.
That day he kept two liters aside. Linda took four eggs that were collected for incubation. Because they were still in storage and not in the incubator, were fit for use. She sent them to Andy, and he prepared the ice cream and froze it over night. He also froze two big blocks of ice so they could transport the ice cream and keep it frozen till it reached its destination.
When Janine’s squad brought the food, she had the cooler box with the treat. Nobody said anything till after dinner. Linda opened the cooler box and removed the two liter tub of ice cream. It wouldn’t last long in the heat and had to be eaten immediately.
She scooped two heaps into a bowl and handed it to Pedro.
He looked at her in surprise. “For me?”
She nodded and scooped some more into a bowl and handed it to Sam.
Sam looked at the smooth treat that already showed signs of melting. He glanced at Pedro.
“Cheers,” he said and both took a dip with their spoons and fed it into their mouths.
“Wow, this is delicious,” Sam said.
Pedro’s mouth was full and he simply nodded, but couldn’t remove the smile from his face.
Linda divvied the remaining ice cream between herself and Janine.
“I never thought I’ll ever eat this again,” Linda said as she brought the spoon to her mouth, and closed her eyes in delight.
When Sam scraped the last solid remains of ice cream from his bowl, he slurped the melted liquid. It left a white mustache on his upper lip, and when Pedro saw it he laughed and did the same.
When Linda turned towards the men folk, she laughed at their mustaches. Pedro jumped up and gave her a hug.
“Thank you,” he said in his small voice.
When Pedro exited the back door to play outside for a while, Linda wiped away a tear. 
She walked over to Sam and gave him a hug.“Thank you. That was a wonderful idea.”
Sam smiled. “I have my moments.”
Later that evening, Pedro was in bed, and Sam and Linda sat on the porch watching the display of the aurora lights. Even the night sky now had a pink tint to it.
“What’re you thinking?” Linda asked after Sam was quiet for a while.
Sam pulled her closer. “I’m thinking about the promise I made to Billy Winters.”
“You’re still going to help him find his girlfriend in Chicago?”
Sam nodded. “Yes, I did make a promise.”
Linda frowned. “When do you plan to go?”
Staring at the sky, Sam sighed. “This wave can still take a while. I might as well get it done as soon as possible.”

Chapter 20

The following morning, with the change of guard, Sam, Linda and Pedro went to town. While Sam talked to Frank, Linda and Pedro visited Fay in the hospital. Sitting behind his desk, Frank listened to Sam’s recount of his promise to Billy.
“Billy held up his end, now it’s time for me to do the same,” Sam said.
Frank nodded.“I understand that, but under the circumstances, do you think this is the best time to head off on an expedition of this nature?”
Sam had already asked himself the same questions. “Although the signs show that the plasma wave is close, we have no idea exactly when it will happen. For all we know it can take another month.”
Sam got to his feet and walked to the giant map against the wall. He pointed at the area of the great lakes.“We have a hunch that a large group of the surviving population is now gathered around the Great Lakes, if there is still water. Our scouts have only gone as far as Jonesboro and Harrison. I think it’s time we find out what’s going on further north.”
Staring at the map for a moment, Frank scratched his jaw, deep in thought.“What if we find that Chicago, or any one of the other cities, is just another Alexandria?”
Sam shrugged. “Then we know.”
Frank did not look happy. “I’m still concerned about security around town. How many squads do you intend to take?”
“I only need two, with two riders. The riders will let us know if there’s trouble up ahead.”
Frank sighed and took a seat behind his desk again.“Lance and Donald are still keeping an eye on Alexandria. Rudy and Page are good, take them.”
Nodding his thanks, Sam kept staring at the map.“That’s a long trip. Have you ever been up there?”
Frank smiled. “Once, while I was still in the military, we passed there and ended up spending the night. After an unfortunate incident with some bikers, three of our unit ended spending the night in jail. Our commanding officer was none too happy.”
Sam shook his head. Somehow he had difficulty picturing Frank as a wild youth.
“Under these conditions, I think your trip will take at least two days, maybe three. Ask Andy to give you enough provisions for at least a week, and take enough water. If things look too dangerous, turn around and come back,” Frank said.
With a slight smile, Sam nodded.“How are Nick and Jake doing with the driving instruction?”
Frank frowned. “They trained six drivers for the tanks, but don’t tell me you want to take them.”
Sam tugged at his ear. “I would like to, but if they’re needed here, I’ll take someone else.”
For a moment Frank stared at Sam, but then shook his head.
“No, it’s probably better you take them, provided their pregnant wives approve. I don’t want to organize a rescue party for you. Take Ray too, just in case.”
Sam nodded.“Thanks. Well, let me not waste any more time. If we can get all the arrangements made, we can leave tomorrow morning.”
When Sam informed Nick and Jake about his planned trip, they looked at each other and smiled.
“Hell yeah, we’re in. I’ve been dying to find out what’s going on up there,” Nick said.
“And your wives will be okay with it?” Sam asked.
Nick and Jake shifted their feet. In the time that they were back, their wives haven’t stopped complaining. An opportunity to get away again was just what they were looking for.
“Eh, I’m sure they will be fine once we explain how important the mission is,” Jake said.
Sam left Nick and Jake to talk to their wives and to organize their squads. He placed an order with Andy for the field rations for their trip.
“Will Linda be going with you?” Andy asked.
Sam thought for a moment, and then nodded.“Yes, her and Pedro both.”
Taking Linda and the boy with him, was dangerous, but he’d rather have them with him where he can keep an eye on them. Besides, if he had to give Linda the choice, she would choose to tag along.
Ray returned from a scout that morning, and was still asleep when Sam knocked on his door. When he opened the door, he wiped his eyes at the bright light.
“Don’t tell me you’re still sleeping?” Sam joked.
A growl was his only answer.
“I’m going on a field trip north to Chicago. Want to tag along?” Sam asked.
Ray turned and said over his shoulder, “Let me get my hat.”
Sam laughed. “We’re leaving first thing in the morning.”
With a nod, Ray yawned. “I’ll be there.”
Next, Sam stopped at the Winters residence. He knocked and Reese opened the door.
“Hey, Sam, this is a surprise.”
Sam returned the greeting.“Is Billy here?”
Reese turned and shouted down the hallway. “Billy!”
A few moments later the young man walked through the door half asleep. After a night of guard duty, he was ready to go to bed. 
He stopped when he noticed Sam in the doorway.“You don’t have to check on me, I’ve kept to my promise.”
Sam smiled. “I know, and now I am keeping mine.”
For a moment Billy stood frozen to the spot, unable to understand what Sam said. Then it hit him, and his jaw dropped.
“We’re going to Chicago to look for Katie?”
Sam nodded.
Billy jumped into the air and whooped, grabbed Reese, and danced with her through the living room. The pure joy the young man showed was infectious, and Reese laughed at his antics.
“When do we leave?” Billy asked when he released his aunt.
“We leave first thing in the morning. Meet us at the gathering point in front of the Command Center before sunrise.”
As Sam stepped into the street, he could still hear Billy laughing inside the house. He made his way to the hospital, and informed Linda of the progress. She didn’t argue with the plans, and made her own to cater for Pedro on the trip.
After all the arrangements were made, Sam and Linda returned to the farm. George would take care of the place in their absence. After they discovered the water, George made an offer to buy Linda’s farm. She declined, but he never thought that he would be the one to manage the farm. A role he was never officially appointed to, it just happened that way.
Late in the afternoon with everything in place, they returned to town. They would spend the night at Janine’s house. 
At one point Janine pulled Sam to the side.“Do you think it’s wise to take Linda and Pedro on the trip?”
Sam sighed. “Probably not, but I’d rather have them with me than worry about them all the time. Besides, Linda prefers to come along.”
Janine sounded agitated. “That’s because you’re going.”
Sam noticed the worry on her face. “Believe me, Janine; I’m not planning to put anybody in danger. The moment there’s any sign of trouble, we’re getting out of there. Ray’s got a good eye and can spot trouble from far away. Between him and the riders, we’ll know of any dangerous situations.”
Janine stepped forward and hugged Sam.“Promise me you’ll be careful and take good care of them.”
“I promise,” Sam said.
When Janine walked away, Linda approached him from behind and slipped her arm around his waist.“What was that all about?”
“She’s concerned that you and Pedro are going along on the trip,” Sam said.
Linda frowned. “I hope you didn’t tell her that you’ll leave us here.”
Sam laughed, turned around, and took Linda into his arms.“Of course not. Besides, I prefer to have you close.”
Nestling her head against his chest, she sighed.“Someone has to keep an eye on you.”
The following morning it was still dark outside when the people started to gather opposite the Command Center. With the provisions loaded, a final weapons check was done by the squad leaders, and then they were ready to leave.
“Hey, Ray,” Nick called out to the scout. “Have you ever been to Chicago?”
Ray frowned and shook his head.
Jake tossed him an old, rolled-up tourist map.“If you see a sign that says ‘Las Vegas 10’, you’ve gone the wrong way.”
Sam listened to the laughter and glanced at Frank.“This is going to be a long trip.”
Frank smiled. “Rather you than me.”
As the night made way for day, the people of White River lined the streets once more. It became a custom that if an expedition left town, they received a send-off, and when they returned, they got a hero’s welcome.
The convoy slowly made its way through the streets and exited the town by the northern barricade. Sam drove a double-cab pickup truck painted a non-reflective gray. Linda occupied the passenger seat, while Billy and Pedro sat on the back seat. Billy’s brown eyes were alive with excitement.
Once they cleared town, the motorcycle riders forged ahead to scout the road and made sure everything was clear. Ray was in the lead pickup truck, follow by Sam and the rest.
The road didn’t see much traffic and was covered by a thick layer of sand. The vehicles kicked up a huge rooster tail of dust, but the prevailing wind was quick to blow it away. The vehicles couldn’t follow each other too closely as the driver would have no visibility. They had to give the wind a chance to clear the dust, which meant that there was a fifty-meter gap between the vehicles.
Ray plotted a course on his map that avoided most of the little towns and cities. Although most of the area was uninhabited for some time, they didn’t let their guard down. Sam seemed relaxed, but his eyes were alert and scanned any possible hiding place next to the road.
Ray had no problem following the road, and with no traffic on the interstate highway, they made good time. Several graves next to the road were testament to the violent time when the raiders roamed the area. 
The road remained clear, but every now and again they encountered a burned-out wreck. In one of these, the passengers were still trapped inside. Their gruesome, burned remains were more evidence of the raiders’ handiwork.
Every time the convoy drove past such a sight, Linda distracted Pedro by pointing out something else, or occupied his attention with questions. Her glance toward Sam was met with a knowing nod. The boy suffered enough in his short life; he didn’t need to see any more.
Near Memphis, the road turned north. At least with all the dust on the road, they could see if there was any recent vehicle activity, but so far had found none. Part of the road was more desolate than other sections. Sometimes they went for almost a hundred kilometers without seeing anything. 
They crossed the Arkansas-Missouri state line just north of Blytheville. Near Sikeston, Ray turned onto the I-57. The road was still covered with dust and no sign of vehicle activity, apart from a set of motor cycle tracks where one of their own riders passed earlier.
An hour later they drove over the bridge spanning the Mississippi river to cross the state line into Illinois. Linda took a sharp breath when she noticed the dry riverbed.
“I never thought I would see the mighty Mississippi in such a state. My parents took Janine and me on a river ride down it the summer before they died,” Linda said and wiped away a tear that formed in the corner of her eye.
Sam squeezed her hand, but remained silent, allowing her the memory. When they cleared the bridge, Linda pointed to the right.
   “Over that hill is the Ohio River, and on the other side of it, Kentucky.”
Sam merely nodded. He’d seen the names of the states on the map in Frank’s office, but it didn’t evoke any memories from him. Everything he saw outside of White River, he looked at as if seeing it for the first time. All was new and strange, although with the landscape, it all appeared the same.
Late in the afternoon, Ray brought the convoy to a halt. Sam stopped his truck behind Ray’s, and the scout strolled over to his window. 
He pointed into the distance.“A rider’s approaching.”
Sam peered ahead and noticed the dust cloud in the distance. From the direction of the dust, the rider was heading their way and approaching fast. Sam grabbed his rifle and turned to Linda.
“Stay in the truck,” he said and stepped into the dirt on the road. 
The sand crunched under the weight of his boots, but the sound was drowned as the other trucks came to a stop behind them.
“What’s going on?” Nick asked as he stepped out of his truck armed with his M16.
Sam shrugged. “I don’t know, but we’re about to find out.”
A few minutes later, the rider swung into view on the road ahead. The sound of the off-road motorcycle pierced the stillness around them. Page smiled under her helmet when she saw Sam and the rest waiting for her, standing spread out in a line, weapons at the ready.
She brought the motorcycle around in an arc and stopped by them.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you,” she said as she removed her helmet and the dust goggles from her eyes. Her face was covered with dust, with round rings around her eyes that remained clean and clear.
“Is there trouble ahead?” Nick asked, sounding eager. The boredom of the ride made him itchy.
Page shook her head.“No, everything’s quiet. It’ll be dark soon. The town of Marion is up ahead and clear if you want to overnight there.”
Sam nodded. “Yeah, that’s probably a good idea. I don’t want to be on the road after dark. Is there a place close to the highway to stop?”
Page nodded. “There’s an abandoned bowling alley close by which offers good shelter.”
Sam clapped his hands.“Great stuff, lead the way.”
The second rider, Rudy, waited at the off ramp and gave a thumps-up as they approached. There was no sign of traffic in the dust in the road, and Page led them to the building. They parked the vehicles behind it, out of sight from the highway and the main road.
The front doors were smashed and torn from their hinges. Although there was no sign of people, Nick and Jake entered the building first, their M16s at the ready. After a quick sweep, they shouted, “All clear!”
Sam chose the lounge area, and they carried in their bedrolls to set up camp for the night. After a cold meal of field rations, Sam organized guard duty for the night. Once everyone was settled, Linda pulled a flask from her picnic basket and poured her and Sam a mug of coffee.
“Just the smell of that stuff is enough to keep one awake the whole night,” Nick growled.
Linda laughed. “At least you won’t fall asleep on guard duty.”   

Chapter 21

After an uneventful night, the guard came to wake the rest of the convoy. Sam had his head resting on his backpack. Linda curled up next to him and laid her head against his chest. Pedro was curled up next to her with his one arm over her leg.
When the guard approached, his soft footfall woke Sam, who instinctively reached for the rifle next to him.
“Easy, Sam, it’s just me,” the guard said. “It’s time to rise and shine.”
“Just five more minutes,” Jake said and pulled the sleeping bag over his head.
“Come on sleepy head,” Nick said and smacked the bag. He connected with Jake’s stomach, who sat up with a low grunt. 
His head popped out of the bag. “Was that necessary?”
Nick shook his head. “No, but it is fun.”
Sam kissed the top of Linda’s head.“We better get moving before he assaults us too.”
Nick smiled, but he knew better than to try that on Sam.
The group had breakfast from their rations, and Linda poured her and Sam the last coffee.
“I hope they have coffee when we get there,” Linda mumbled.
Sam smiled knowing how grumpy Linda got without her coffee. With the mug in one hand, he walked over to where the riders were refueling their motorcycles from a Jerry can on the back of the supply truck.
He looked at the two dust-covered riders. “As we approach Chicago, let us know the moment you see any sign of life. Raiders might very well hide on the outskirts of the city, so keep your eyes wide open.” 
Rudy and Page glanced at each other before they both nodded. As soon as their bikes were filled, they took off to scout ahead. Ten minutes later the rest of the convoy followed. They snaked out from behind the building and back onto the I-57 heading north.
Everyone was aware that they approached civilization, and that made them nervous. The people on the back of the trucks had their weapons ready. Their dust goggles kept the sand out of their eyes and allowed them to keep lookout.
After their encounter with the crazy General in Alexandria, they were apprehensive about any strangers. Sam’s group was well armed, and only a fool would take them on, even in an ambush.
They made their way steadily north, and although the location changed, the landscape and sights did not. If anything, the frequency and amount of graves next to the road increased.
Twenty kilometers south of Champaign, Ray stopped his truck. Sam pulled next to him and got out.
“What’s happening?” Sam asked.
Ray pointed to a dust cloud ahead.“A rider’s coming fast.”
By the time the last pickup truck in the convoy came to a halt, the sound of the approaching motorcycle was audible. The sound that drifted on the wind had urgency to it, and the group was aware something was up before the rider swung into view.
At first, it seemed like a ball of dust, but when they looked closer, they could make out the rider. It was not the petite form of Page, but the more bulky Rudy that raced toward them. He stopped in a cloud of dust, which caused the waiting group to cough, and fan the dust away with their hands.
“Sam, there’s people up ahead,” Rudy said when he lifted his helmet.
Nick and Jake lifted their weapons.
“Where?” Sam asked.
Rudy motioned with his thumb over his shoulder.“Up ahead, in the city of Champaign.”
Nick frowned. “Raiders?”
Rudy shook his head. “No, people, citizens, ordinary folk. There’re also a lot of heavily armed soldiers.”
With the mention of soldiers, everyone in the group gripped their weapons tighter. General Jacobs had shaken their faith in the military.
“Are they friendly?” Jake asked.
Rudy shrugged. “I don’t know. I didn’t get close enough to ask.”
Ray took out his map and spread it on the hood of his truck. Nick and Jake held the corners down so the wind wouldn’t blow the map away.
“This road doesn’t go through the center of the city, but catches enough of it,” Ray said.
Rudy tapped a point on the map.“Here at this bridge on the outskirts of the city is a roadblock. We have to pass it to continue.”
“Is there another way around?” Nick asked.
“We can drive around or find another road, but I’m sure there are patrols everywhere,” Rudy said.
Sam shook his head.“That defeats the object of our mission. We didn’t come just to find Billy’s girlfriend. We also came to find out what’s going on in the rest of the world. This is as good a place as any to start.”
Nick and Jake stared at Sam as if they didn’t hear him.
Sam smiled. “What are you waiting for? Let’s go meet the friendly soldiers.”
“What makes you think they’re friendly?” Nick asked.
Sam laughed. “Aren’t all soldiers supposed to be friendly?”
Nick and Jake looked at each other and shook their heads.
“I think when we left the military, friendliness went with us,” Jake said, the memory of Alexandria still fresh on his mind.
Nick nodded. “Yeah, and crazy took over.”
With a sigh, Sam shook his head. “We better refuel here, just in case. I don’t want to run out of fuel if we have to make a quick getaway.”
The others agreed, and the trucks were refueled from the Jerry cans on the back of the supply truck. Fifteen minutes later, the convoy started moving again, heading toward Champaign. This time, Sam took the lead. Linda could feel the tension but didn’t ask any questions. She had complete faith in Sam and his leadership. So did everyone else.
When the roadblock came into view, Sam slowed his truck. He didn’t want to give the soldiers any reason to start shooting at them. The men at the barricade watched them with anxious eyes. With six pickup trucks in the convoy, it was a formidable force. Although well armed, the guards at the barricade were outnumbered. Reinforcements were a radio call away, but in the time it would take for them to arrive, the convoy would be long gone.
A short, skinny man stepped forward and indicated the convoy should halt. Sam stopped his truck twenty meters from the man and stepped out of the vehicle. He left his weapon in the truck, not wanting to make the guard more nervous.
He smiled at the soldier and kept his body relaxed and easy going.
“Good morning, sir,” he greeted.
The soldier nodded a greeting, his face filled with tension. He didn’t relax the grip on his M16, and although the barrel was tilted downwards, it could be pointed at Sam with a small, upward flick.
Sam placed his hands on his hips and stared past the barricade. In the distance, people could be seen walking around between the houses. Unlike so many countless scenes they passed on the way there, the houses were intact, with no signs of looting or burned buildings.
“It’s been a while since we’ve seen so many people,” Sam said in a chatty voice.
“Who are you and what do you want?” the soldier asked.
Sam swung his gaze back to the man. He tested shark- infested water, and knew he had to act with care.“My name is Sam. We’re from a small town in Arkansas and are headed toward Chicago.”
Sam pointed towards his waiting truck.“That’s my wife, kid and our nephew. When the drought started, our nephew’s girlfriend moved north with her parents. He wanted to go along, but I promised him once things settled down, we’d go find her. So here we are on the way to Chicago to find his girlfriend.”
From the expression on the soldier’s face, Sam could see the man didn’t believe a word he said. 
The soldier pointed at the escort.“They look a lot like raiders.”
Sam turned and looked at his people. After two days on the road, they looked rugged. The men and women on the back of the trucks were covered by dust. The months doing scout duty, fighting raiders, and living in isolation, made them a hardened bunch.
Sam shook his head.“They’re our escort and citizens of our town. Together we battled the raider threat in our area, and by the way you talk about the raiders, I can tell that you had your fair share of problems with them.”
Before Sam could continue, Nick and Jake exited their trucks and walked over to them. They were unarmed, and keeping their body language casual. Sam raised his eyebrows at them when they approached.
“Sam, we’d been in the military long enough to know it won’t help speaking to this foot soldier,” Nick said and turned to the soldier. “No offense, Corporal, but we need to speak to someone a little higher up in the food chain.”
By the way Nick and Jake handled themselves the corporal knew they were military, or ex-military, and carried a lot of authority. He nodded.“Lieutenant Baldwin should be here any moment.”
The sound of vehicles from between the houses caused them to turn their heads. From the direction of the buildings on the right, two military Hummers, complete with machine guns mounted on the roof, approached at high speed.
They stopped in a billowing plume of dust, and a man exited the leading vehicle. Obviously a career military man, the way his soldiers came to attention and saluted him, showed they had a lot of respect for him.
He walked over to the barricade and glanced at the convoy before he lowered his eyes and stared at the three men in front of him. The corporal whispered something in his ear, and the man nodded.
“I’m Lieutenant Baldwin. What do you want?”
Sam flashed his friendliest smile.“Pleased to meet you, Lieutenant, I am Sam.”
The Lieutenant did not return the smile. His face remained stern with a frown between his eyes.“What do you want?” he asked again.
Sam frowned, and the smile melted from his face.
“Nothing. We’re on our way to Chicago to help my nephew find his girlfriend. If your men didn’t stop us, we would’ve been well on our way already.”
Taken aback by the change in Sam’s behavior, the lieutenant took a closer look at the people in front of him. Sam didn’t seem that insignificant anymore. It took the lieutenant a few moments, but in his career he developed the ability to size people quickly, and he knew in front of him stood a dangerous man, a man that would not be pushed.
He swung his gaze to Nick and Jake. They had the look in their eyes, the look of someone who had seen plenty of action and lived to tell the story. He had to fight hard not to take a step back.
“Well, you’re not getting through here,” the lieutenant said.
Sam could feel the anger in him rise. Was this another General Jacobs?
Nick noticed the change in Sam’s behavior, and knew his friend and leader well enough that things could explode at any moment. 
He placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Don’t worry, Sam. I’m sure Ray already plotted a way around this dingy city.”
“I told you there’s no more such thing as friendly soldiers,” Jake added and threw the soldiers an accusing look.
A short man dressed in a military uniform climbed from one of the vehicles, and walked toward them. Jake glanced at the man, who looked vaguely familiar.
“Wait!” the soldier said when the trio turned to walk away.
The lieutenant looked down at the man.“What’s wrong, Sergeant?”
The sergeant stared intently at Nick and Jake.“Do you two know who I am?”
Nick and Jake looked at each other and shrugged before Jake replied.“You look familiar, but I can’t place you.”
The sergeant smiled. That didn’t surprise him. He wasn’t as famous as the two of them.
“You’re Nick Hartley and Jake Green? What happened to your buddy, Terry Turner?”
Before they could answer, the lieutenant interrupted.“Do you know these people, Sergeant?”
The sergeant nodded.“I haven’t met them personally, and rather know them by reputation. We ran across a few of their exploits when I was with the Rangers. They were with Delta Force.”
The lieutenant did a double take and stared at the two friends with the mention of the elite special force.“Is that true?”
Nick nodded. “Yes, sir!”
The lieutenant called his sergeant to the side and had a hushed conversation. Several surprised glances were thrown the way of the waiting trio.
Sam looked at Nick and Jake.“Is there anybody in the military who don’t know you two?”
“Our bad reputation was mostly his fault,” Nick said and pointed at Jake.
Before Jake could reply, the two soldiers came walking their way.
“Where are you people from?” the lieutenant asked, his voice a lot less formal.
“We’re from Arkansas,” Sam said.
“I thought there’s nobody left down there,” the Sergeant said.
Sam shook his head. “There’s not many of us left, but we managed to stay alive.”
They spent the next half an hour describing their life back home, but all three men were careful not to divulge the name of their town, or the source of their water. They also kept quiet about the fact that they captured three tanks.
“Well, I’m sure you’re anxious to be on your way. I’m glad our misunderstanding is cleared up. I will let General Sheppard know you’re on your way. Maybe he can assist in your search.”
Nick frowned.“General Ty Sheppard?”
The lieutenant nodded. “Do you know him?”
Nick and Jake glanced at each other. The worried look in their eyes didn’t fill Sam with encouragement.
“Yeah, we did a few missions under his command,” Nick said.
The soldiers said their goodbyes, and the trio walked back to their vehicles. Sam stopped by his truck.“Is there something I should worry about?”
Nick and Jake looked at each other and then burst out laughing.
“Well, it depends on how long a memory the general has,” Nick said.
When Sam frowned, Jake added, “On our last mission before we retired, Nick crashed the general’s personal Jeep. The general loved that vehicle.”
Nick shook his head.“As I recall, you did the driving, and nearly killed us all.”
“Yes, but I followed your directions. If it weren’t for Terry’s quick thinking, all three of us would’ve been goners.”
Sam shook his head.“Let’s hope the general forgot about that.”
Nick and Jake looked doubtful. The man they remembered never forgot anything, and was quick to heap punishment on anybody that dared to cross him.

Chapter 22

The soldiers moved the barricade, and the convoy drove through. Sam had been warned to keep to the interstate highway until they cleared the city. As not to provoke anybody, Sam kept the speed down. This also gave them the opportunity to have a look around from the vantage point of their trucks.
Since Sam first woke up next to the tree outside White River, he had not seen so many people in one place. Every building had people living in it. Some larger houses contained two or three families.
The people watched the convoy with curious eyes, but they kept their distance. A few children noticed the procession of trucks, and ran for cover, screaming. Stories were told about the raiders. They were the modern-day boogeyman. Even some adults watched the convoy with fear. Before they entered the city, Sam instructed everyone to keep their weapons out of sight, but their rugged appearance was enough to put fear into people.
Several water and food points were setup for the citizens where they collected their daily rations. Every person carried an identification tag, and their daily allotment was checked against a computer database.
Although the military kept a tight leash on the citizens, they were treated in a humane way.
“If I look at these people, I realize how fortunate we are in White River, and that is all thanks to you,” Linda said and placed a hand on Sam’s arm.
Heturned his head and smiled.“I’m just glad I could help. You and the town did a lot for me when I first came to White River.”
Linda snorted.“Yes, like throwing you in jail.”
Sam shook his head.“Are you never going to forgive Janine for that?”
“I forgave her, but I’ll never let her forget,” Linda said with a grin.
Two military vehicles drove from between the houses and joined the highway on the opposite side. They traveled parallel with the convoy. Sam glanced at the vehicles. A soldier stood through an open hatch and manned the machine gun mounted on the roof.
“Looks like they don’t trust us,” Sam remarked dryly. He took a second look at the vehicles. “I wonder what kind of vehicles those are. They look quite handy for doing patrols or scouts.”
Linda glanced at the military vehicles. “They’re Humvees, a multipurpose all terrain vehicle. You’ve never seen one?”
“Not that I can remember. You sure know you’re military vehicles.”
Linda groaned. “I dated a soldier for a while. Sometimes I wish I could forget a few things.”
“I take it that didn’t end well?”
Linda sighed. “No, it didn’t. He was a drill sergeant in the Army. Sometimes when he came home, he forgot I wasn’t one of his troops. I never took kindly to being bossed around.”
Sam gave a wry smile. “No you don’t.”
When they approached the barricade on the northern edge of the city, the soldiers expected them. Without a word, they moved the barrier, and allowed the convoy to exit. Their escort stayed behind the barrier. Once clear of the city, Sam increased his speed. He wanted to reach Chicago before nightfall.
As the road snaked north, they drove through several populated areas. They didn’t encounter any further roadblocks, but wherever there were people, a soldier presence kept an eye on them. They were alerted to the convoy, and although Sam and the rest were watched with suspicious eyes, they were left alone.
The people that they passed stared at the convoy in fear. Mothers would run out, grab their children, and dragged them out of sight.
The further north they traveled, the more populated were the towns. Most houses had mobile homes and campers parked in their yards, the result of people from down south that fled northward, and took refuge with family and friends.
Thirty kilometers south of Chicago, Sam pulled to the side of the road. The rest of the vehicles stopped behind him.
“What’s wrong?” Nick asked.
Sam shook his head. “Nothing. I think it’s time we refuel and get something to eat.”
He directed the others to refuel the trucks. Since Champaign, the riders never strayed far from the convoy, and when they noticed the convoy stopped, Page and Rudy joined them. 
“Did you see how those people checked us out along the way? They looked at us like we’re raiders,” Jake said while opening his pack that contained his rations.
“Did you take a good look at yourself lately?” Sam said. “If you drove through my town, I would also be suspicious.”
Nick snorted.“How are we supposed to find General Sheppard once we get there?”
Sam shrugged. “I don’t know. He’s your buddy. You should have a better idea where we’ll find him.”
Jake removed his hat and ran a hand through his hair.“I don’t think that will be a problem. Knowing the general, we don’t have to find him, he’ll find us.”
Once the vehicles were refueled and everybody had a bite to eat, they continued their journey. As they got closer to Chicago, they started to encounter other traffic on the road. When the first vehicle approached on the opposite side of the highway, Sam had to fight the urge to seek cover.
They watched the car, a gray sedan with two occupants drive by. The occupants stared at them curiously, but continued on their path. For too long Sam and the rest thought that if they saw another car on the road, it meant trouble.
Sam peered in his side mirror, and from the stern look on Ray’s face, he could tell the scout felt the same. When Sam frowned, Linda stiffened.
“What’s wrong?”
Sam shook his head.“Take a look back there.” He indicated the vehicles that followed them.
A couple in a black pickup truck was in the process of overtaking the convoy. Nick and Jake hung out the windows of their respective trucks, waving at them like they’ve never seen human beings before. Of course, this made the driver of the truck nervous and he raced passed them.
Apart from the increase in traffic, they noted an increase in population. There was not enough housing to cater for the influx of people from other parts of the country, so emergency housing had to be arranged.
Tent towns sprung up and stretched as far as the eye could see. They drove past several food and water distribution points where people queued for their daily or weekly rations. Several thousand people formed multiple queues with armed soldiers moving among them to keep an eye on proceedings.
From how the people behaved, Sam and Linda could tell they were used to queuing. No pushing or shoving, everyone waited patiently for their turn.
“We are so fortunate to have our own water and food. If you didn’t show up when you did, this could’ve been all of us,” Linda said.
Sam smiled and squeezed her hand.“Maybe I was sent to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
“Like my own guardian angel?” Linda asked.
Sam laughed. “I don’t know about that. I always thought you were my angel. Ever since that first moment I woke in the hospital and thought I died. Remember, I thought you were the angel that came to welcome me to heaven.”
Linda blushed and pushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear. “Yeah, but it turned out that I was the one that needed a guardian angel. You’re doing a stellar job with that.”
Before Sam could answer, in the distance, several military vehicles blocked the road. He slowed the truck and allowed the rest of the convoy to close the gap between the vehicles. Three Humvees, a Hummer, and a military truck stood in the middle of the freeway.
Other traffic was diverted to the side and allowed to pass. The soldiers did not stop the citizens. That road block was meant for them. If it was a trap, they were in deep trouble. They were too far into enemy territory to fight their way out.
As Sam approached the military blockade, he noticed dozens of soldiers behind the vehicles, all armed with M16s. All three machine guns mounted on the Humvees were aimed at the convoy. Resistance was futile.
In the middle of the road, ten meters clear of the barricade, a lone figure stood waiting. A tall man with steely gray eyes, his military uniform could not hide his muscled body. When all the vehicles in the convoy came to a stop, the man’s voice thundered through the silence.
“Everybody out of the vehicles and leave your weapons. Don’t do anything stupid, and no one will get hurt.”
Sam got out and turned toward his men.“Do as he says.”
Everyone lined up. Linda held Pedro, who buried his head into her shoulder. Sam stood next to Linda with his right shoulder half in front of her in a protective way. 
The general stepped forward and pointed at Nick and Jake.“You two step forward and get on your knees.”
Nick and Jake looked at each other before they took two steps forward, dropped to their knees and put their hands behind their heads. Sam braced himself, his anger rising. The soldier was only three steps away.
The general carried a sidearm, but it remained holstered. Sam contemplated whether he could reach the military leader before the soldiers opened fire. If he moved swiftly, he could grab the general and use him as a shield.
The general stared at Sam, and in that instant, he realized that the immediate threat didn’t lie with the two ex-Special Forces guys on their knees, but instead with their leader. Two cold, brilliant blue eyes stared at him, filled with death.
The general shifted his gaze to the two on the ground.“I have only one question for you? Where’s my Jeep?”
Nick and Jake jerked their heads up and looked at each other. Nick nodded in Jake’s direction.“Ask him, General. He was driving.”
Jake shook his head.“General, I only followed his stupid directions.”
“That still doesn’t answer my question, what happened to my Jeep?”
Nick sighed.“It is at the bottom of a ravine near La Palma, sir.”
The general frowned.“You stole it in Panama. How the hell did it end up in La Palma?”
“We didn’t know who the Jeep belonged to when we stole it, sir. How could we know you were in Panama? We escaped from the compound and had to make a quick getaway. The Jeep stood there begging for us to take it,” Jake said.
The general snorted.“That’s because I was there to negotiate your release. Luckily for you two, we have bigger problems at the moment. I’m surprised to see you’re still alive. How have you boys been?” 
Nick and Jake came to their feet, and the general gave them each a warm handshake. Sam frowned with a look of confusion in his eyes.
Nick turned to Sam.“This is General Ty Sheppard. He was our commanding officer for a while. General, this is Sam, the main reason we’re still alive.”
Sam stepped forward and shook the general’s outstretched hand.
“Sorry if I scared you folks. I saw an opportunity for payback on these two scoundrels for stealing and wrecking my favorite Jeep.”
Sam nodded but didn’t look impressed.“Our dealings with generals lately had me worried.”
General Sheppard frowned.“Well, let’s get you out of this heat to my office, and you can tell me all about it. Follow our vehicles.”
Sam waited until the general got back to his own vehicle before he turned to Linda.
“Are you alright?”
She nodded.“That scared the daylights out of me.”
“Me too,” Sam said and threw a glance the general’s way. “He couldn’t possible know what we’ve been through.”
The convoy followed the military vehicles through the streets of Chicago. At first glance, it seemed like any normal city, but although there was some traffic, not nearly as much as it used to be before the drought.
Military trucks transported people back and forth from their jobs at either the water plant, or one of the food centers.
Linda spotted something in the sky and took a sharp breath.“Sam, look,” she said and pointed into the air.
A flock of Canadian Geese flew in a migratory pattern, but that was out of instinct. They never strayed far from the water in the lake.
The convoy followed the military vehicles into a parking lot by a set off red brick buildings.
“This used to be a military academy, but now serves as my headquarters,” the general informed them once they stopped.
While the rest of the people waited by the vehicles, Sam, Nick and Jake followed the general to his office. The room was filled with several large maps of the area. Against the back wall was a map colored with blue that showed the areas that had water. Apart from the area around the Great Lakes and a thin line along the coast, there was nothing else.
Most of the interior of the country was marked with a red shade, indicating no water and thus no sign of life. Due to the solar winds, no satellites remained operational, so the military had no definitive view of what transpired on the ground.
They were not aware of places like White River and Hot Springs that still had water. Sam was sure there were more small communities like theirs out there, but they remained well hidden out of fear that someone would take their water.
General Sheppard walked in, tossed his military bush hat on the table, and looked at Nick and Jake. “What happened to Turner? You three always stuck together like glue.”
“He’s back home keeping an eye on things,” Nick said.
“And where’s that?” the general asked in a matter-of-fact way, but he was curious.
Nick and Jake didn’t answer, but glanced at Sam.
“Arkansas,” Sam said.
General Sheppard stared at Sam for a moment. For Nick and Jake to take their lead from him, he had to have their absolute trust. He got the feeling at the barricade that Sam was about to jump him to save his friends, regardless of the overwhelming odds against him.
“You say your name is Sam?”
Sam nodded.
“Do you have a surname?”
Sam shook his head. “No, just Sam.”
“I know these two well, but you’re a stranger to me,” the general said. “I take it you’re here for a reason and require my help. Before you receive that help, I need to know more about you. So, Just Sam, who are you?”

Chapter 23

The general stood with his hands on his hips waiting for an answer. Sam asked himself that same question every day since he opened his eyes under the tree outside White River.
Nick and Jake stared out the window, finding interest in something outside. They knew the answer to that question as much as Sam did. Sam sighed and rubbed a hand over his hair.
The general’s office was air-conditioned, and Sam enjoyed the feel of cool air that blew through his hair. Chicago had its own power station that supplied the city. For a moment Sam almost forgot about the question, but the general’s piercing gray eyes reminded him.
Contemplating whether to tell, Sam shook his head.
“For now, all you need to know is that I’m the leader of a small town in Arkansas. We mean no harm and if left alone, we won’t bother anybody. Unfortunately, there are always those that feel it their duty to disturb our peace and have to learn the hard way to leave us alone.”
The general stared at Sam a moment, and then nodded.
“Fair enough. If these two vouch for you, then it’s good enough for me. Once we know each other better, you might be more apt to share. So, what brings you to Chicago?”
“A promise,” Sam said.
The general frowned. “Huh?”
“When the drought started, Billy had to say goodbye to his girlfriend when her parents moved north. He promised her he would find her one day. After his parents were killed by raiders, he was taken in by his uncle and aunt. They become drifters, until they were caught by another group of raiders. We rescued them and they decided to stay with us. He told me about his wish to come here to find her. At the time we had to deal with a corrupt general in Alexandria, but I promised him once the situation was resolved, I would help him. So, here we are.”
The general was not a man that trusted easily.
“Is that the only reason?”
Sam smiled and shook his head.
“No, it’s not. We’re quite isolated and have no idea what’s happening in the rest of the world. We’ve been without power and outside communication for about a year now. When we set out for Chicago, we had no idea what to expect. I must be honest, we were quite happy when we ran into people at Champaign who didn’t start to shoot the moment they saw us.”
The general nodded but kept his face expressionless.
“I might be able to help you locate the girl, but what do you plan to do with her once you find her?”
Sam shrugged.
“I don’t know. It’s not up to me. Depends on what they want to do. Whether Billy wants to stay behind or whether Katie wants to come with him is up to them.”
The general frowned.“And what makes you think I will allow that?”
“Does that mean you won’t?” Sam asked, and his eyes narrowed.
General Sheppard stared at Sam for a moment before he gave a wry smile.“No, they can do what they want. People can come and go as long as they obey the law.”
He paused for a second.“Sam, I’m more than willing to help you, but I still need to know more about your group.”
Sam glanced at Nick and Jake, who nodded. They trusted the general.
“We’re from White River in Arkansas. We have enough food and water to sustain ourselves and are able to defend our town and supplies. We had a lot of trouble with the raiders, but the ones that remained alive have left the area. Our latest encounter was with a rogue general in Alexandria who captured some of our people.”
The general nodded. He heard about the rogue military units to the south that operated for their own gain. “He still has your people?”
Sam looked at Nick and Jake again who shrugged. They felt it was up to Sam to decide what he wanted to share with the military man.
After a moment of contemplation, Sam shook his head.“No, we rescued them.”
“And he just let that happen? What kind of general is this?”
Sam stared at General Sheppard. “The worst kind. He has no regard for human life, and treats the citizens of Alexandria like his own personal slaves. If someone crosses him, he has no hesitation to execute them in public. When we went in to rescue my people, he had no say in the matter. I had him captured and used him as a shield to make our escape.”
General Sheppard nodded. His first impression of Sam proved correct. He was a dangerous man that showed little fear and would do anything to protect his friends and family.
“Did you leave the general alive?”
Sam shrugged. “He tried to escape while we made our getaway. The last I saw of him, his body laid in the dirt and he didn’t move. I have no idea if he’s still alive.”
General Sheppard kept quiet for a moment, processing the information. It confirmed his initial opinion that Sam and his people offered no threat to his city.
“Are there other communities like yours?”
“One other that we know about, but most people stay in hiding. We haven’t come across any others, but then again, we tend to stay close to home.”
“I must admit that I admire your people’s determination and guts to tough it out there. You’re facing the harshest conditions, and not only do you survive, you’re making it work. When the government decided to focus their help where they could, it left millions to their own devices. Many people, me included, were distraught over the fact that we left people to fend on their own. Your people are evidence that not all is lost,” General Sheppard said with emotion he would not display under normal circumstances.
Sam nodded. “I can see the logic of the decision, but it didn’t help the thousands that fell to the raiders or to corrupt leaders like the general in Alexandria.”
General Sheppard sighed. “Yes, I know. We couldn’t save everyone. But now I might be able to help you.”
He opened his office door and looked at one of the uniformed aides at their desks. If it was a normal office environment, you would think the three people were secretaries, and in essence, they filled the same role.
“Fetch Corporal Dickson, and tell him to bring his computer,” he ordered and the aide closest to the door jumped up.
“Yes, sir!”
A few moments later a skinny young man that appeared no older than twenty, marched into the office with a laptop clutched in his left hand. 
He stood to attention.“You wanted to see me, sir?”
“These people are looking for someone. I want you to check the name against our records and see if you can locate her.”
Corporal Dickson glanced at the rough looking men, dressed in civilian clothes, covered in dust. Although he never saw combat, he recognized the type who did. Under normal conditions, he would stay far away from these types, but he was not about to ignore an order.
He flipped open his laptop and placed it on the table.“Do you have any details of the person?”
Sam fished a piece of paper from his pocket. He had Billy write down as much about his girlfriend as he could remember.
“Her name is Kathrine Jones. Her parents are Bill and Mary Jones.”
The corporal typed the details into the computer, and when the information popped up on the screen a few seconds later, he studied the results. The next moment he lifted his head and looked at the general with shock and bewilderment in his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” the general asked.
“Eh, her parents, Bill and Mary Jones, were killed in a raider attack a few months back. They were part of the supply convoy for Champaign that was ambushed.”
Sam swallowed. “What about Katie? Was she killed too?”
The corporal read the rest of the report.“She was wounded but survived. She’s currently staying with her aunt in Sector 21.”
“Do you have an address?” Sam asked.
The corporal glanced at the general, who nodded. Corporal Dickson wrote the details on a piece of paper and handed it to Sam.
“How do we get there?” Sam asked.
The general shook his head.“The roads in these middle sectors are a maze. You can search for days and not find the place.”
At that point one of the aides entered and whispered something in the general’s ear. He frowned and turned his attention to Sam.
“I have something urgent that calls for my attention. I’ll send someone to escort you to Sector 21. Swing by before you leave.”
With that, he grabbed his hat from the desk and stormed out of the office. Corporal Dickson folded his laptop and followed on the general’s heels. Sam looked at Nick and Jake, who shrugged.
Five minutes later, a woman entered. Her military uniform hugged her athletic body. Dark brown eyes beneath bushy eyebrows peered at them.
“Are you the people from Arkansas?”
Sam nodded.
“I’m Sergeant Alvarez and will escort you to your destination. Do you have the details?”
Sam handed her the piece of paper he received from Corporal Dickson. She was a more than a head shorter than him, but that didn’t seem to faze her. 
Glancing at the paper, she nodded.“I know where this is. Follow me.”
Nick looked at Jake and smiled.“I like bossy women.”
Outside, Sam called Billy and Linda. He asked Nick and Jake to stay with the vehicles and to make sure the rest didn’t get into trouble.
Sergeant Alvarez glanced at Nick.“Stay,” she said, and then added. “Good boy!”
Under laughter from Jake and a shocked expression on Nick’s face, she turned, and with a slight smile on her pretty face, led Sam to a Hummer waiting at the other side of the parking lot.
As they drove through the streets, it was hard to believe the scenes that greeted them. People were packed like sardines in every available living space. All the buildings housed two or three families.
Not a minute went by without a military vehicle driving past. The residents had a look of acceptance on their faces. There was no escape from this new life. The only other option was to leave the safety of the city limits and face the harsh waterless climate.
At least there was no sign of raiders left. With every attack, the military hunted them down and made them pay. General Sheppard didn’t take prisoners. It was easier to bury someone than to care for them in jail. Besides, resources were scarce.
When they crossed the border between sections, there was no visible difference. Apart from a large sign that would announce that particular section, everything remained the same. Sergeant Alvarez asked no further questions.
Billy sat next to Linda with big, anxious eyes. Sam informed him that they found Katie, and about what happened to her parents. Before they left White River, he told Sam he would stay with Katie if that was what she wanted. After seeing the conditions in which they lived, he started to have doubts.
They passed another board that announced they now entered Section 21. Nothing changed in the scenery. A few turns later, Sergeant Alvarez stopped the Hummer in front of a rundown house. A beat-up station wagon stood in the dirt driveway, while a camper was parked under a dead tree. 
The sergeant turned to her passengers. “Do what you need to do,” she said to Billy with a less military voice.
Billy looked at Sam and Linda who nodded encouragement, then stepped out of the vehicle. He walked towards the door, wiping his hands nervously on the seat of his pants. The front door opened and a middle-aged woman stood in the doorway, her gray hair combed into a neat bob, and fluttering in the wind.
“Can I help you?” she asked and gave a nervous glance towards the military vehicle.
Billy cleared his throat.“Does Katie Jones live here?”
The woman frowned.“How do you know Katie?”
“I’m a friend and know her from before.”
The woman opened her mouth to answer, but a young woman with short brown hair popped her head around the corner. When she noticed the young man, her sad eyes lit up with new life.
“Billy?” she asked,as if seeing a ghost.
He gave a nervous smile.“Hi, Katie.”
With the sound of his voice, a sob escaped her lips. She squeezed past her aunt, ran forward, and flung herself into his willing arms. Not able to control her emotions, the tears flowed freely and raw sobs burst from her chest.
Unsure of what to do, he merely held her tight. It took her a few moments to gather her emotions.
“What are you doing here?” she asked when her voice returned.
He wiped a loose strand of hair from her forehead. “I came to find you, as I promised when you left.”
She moved her head and kissed him. They only broke their embrace when Katie’s aunt cleared her throat.
“Katie, who’s this young man?”
“Aunt Mey, this is Billy.”
The woman frowned.“THE Billy?”
Katie nodded.“The one and only.” She turned back to Billy, who now smiled. “I thought I would never see you again.”
“Well, don’t stand there in the heat, let’s go inside,” Aunt Mey said. She motioned to Sam and Linda to join them.
“You coming?” Sam asked the sergeant, but she shook her head.
“You go ahead. I’ll wait here.”
After the introductions were done inside, everyone took a seat in the lounge. Sam sat next to Linda, who had Pedro on her lap.
“Sorry I can’t offer you anything. We’re on weekly rations and things are scarce,” Aunt Mey said.
Sam waved it away. They understood.
“I’m sure you didn’t come all this way just for a visit. What’s the plan now?” Aunt Mey asked.
Sam pointed at the two teenagers sitting on the couch holding hands.“It depends on them.”
Billy looked into Katie’s eyes. He gave her a quick rundown of what happened to him since he last saw her. It was almost ironic that they both lost their parents to raiders.
“Why don’t you come back with us? It is not all sunshine and roses in White River, but it’s a lot better than here.”
Katie glanced at Aunt Mey, who smiled back at her. She only wanted what was best for her niece, and Katie was miserable in Chicago.
The young girl looked at Sam and Linda.“Can my aunt come too?”
Linda smiled and nodded.“Of course she can.”
Aunt Mey walked over to her niece and cupped her face in her weathered hands.
“My dear, everything I have is here. If I go, I’ll have to leave everything behind. You go with them and be happy.”
Aunt Mey held her hand up when Katie started to protest.“I have everything I need right here. Ralph and Glenda are here, so I won’t be alone. You go.”
Katie jumped to her feet and hugged her aunt.“I’m going to miss you.”

Chapter 24

Katie packed her clothes and a few mementos in a bag. They walked outside and she hugged her aunt.“Thank you for everything, Aunt Mey.”
Aunt Mey took Katie’s face in both her hands.“Be safe and be happy. I hope that you’ll have a better life in White River, because here, you were miserable.”
Katie gave a short laugh.“Yes, I was.”
She glanced in Billy’s direction.“But I have a feeling that things are about to get better.”
After the teary goodbye, Sergeant Alvarez drove them back to the general’s office block. Katie was nervous around the strangers, but Sam and Linda’s presence had a calming influence.
When they returned to the parking lot where the rest of the convoy waited, Nick and Jake each handed Ray a coin. Sergeant Alvarez frowned at the gesture. Ray nodded in Nick’s direction.
“They made me a bet that you will get Sam and Linda lost.”
Sergeant Alvarez placed her hand on her hips and stared at the three friends.“Well, at least one of you had faith in me.”
Ray smiled.“You had Sam with you. He doesn’t get lost.”
While the soldier glared at the trio, Sam kissed Linda’s forehead.“Please keep an eye on them. They have a tendency to rub soldiers the wrong way and get into all sorts of trouble. I need to find General Sheppard and thank him before we leave.”
Unsure whether the general returned from his urgent business, he took the stairs two at a time to the general’s office on the second floor. The aides looked up when Sam entered.
“Is the general back yet?” Sam asked.
The one closest to the office nodded.“You can go in. He’s waiting for you.”
When Sam entered, the military man sat behind his desk with a worried look on his face. 
He looked up when Sam walked in.“Did you find her?”
Sam nodded.“Yes. Thank you for your help. You were right. We could’ve searched for days and wouldn’t have found her.”
General Sheppard folded his hands on the desk. “Will the boy be staying behind?”
Sam shook his head.“No, they decided that White River’s a better option.”
“Is it?”
Sam shrugged.“It’s less crowded.”
General Sheppard sighed.“Then I envy you.”
Sam stared at the general’s face and noticed the worry lines around his tired eyes.“Ty, is something wrong? You look worried.”
The general raised an eyebrow. He hadn’t heard anybody use his name in a long time, at least not since his wife passed away a few months earlier. Looking at Sam’s face, he noticed the genuine concern. Ty Sheppard sighed.
“It’s this crazy weather. First of all, the meteorologists couldn’t make heads or tails about the drought. They kept saying it is as a result of the solar storm, but that it would soon pass. Weeks turned into months, and months into years, but there is still no sign of improvement. Now the sky’s not blue anymore, and people are worried.”
Sam peered through the window. Although the sun still shone brightly, the deep magenta color of the sky gave the world an eerie glow. It was a gradual change over the last few weeks, but a disturbing one that made people uncomfortable.
The general stared at Sam for a moment, considering how much he could trust this stranger. For Sam to have led his people through what he did, he had to be strong of character, and General Sheppard admired a man that showed character.
“To be honest, I am worried too. With no satellites to give us any information, we’re flying blind. For all I know, this is the end of the world, and we have no clue.”
Sam looked at the general. The lack of knowledge frustrated the man. But it wasn’t because of his insecurities. It was out of genuine concern for the people. He realized General Ty Sheppard was a rare breed of man, especially in that day and age, a man that cared for the citizens of Chicago, a man much like himself.
Sam had a decision to make. How much could he trust General Sheppard? He chided himself. The general trusted them in his city when he could have turned the convoy around. Instead, he welcomed them and offered them help.
Without his assistance, they wouldn’t have been able to locate Katie. Sam realized he had to take a big leap of faith. Their recent dealings with strangers didn’t encourage it, but this was one time where he had to make an exception.
He had to place his trust in the general and hope the man would believe him. There was always a chance he didn’t, but they helped him. Now it was time to return the favor. 
He glanced at the general and gave a wry smile.“Ty, maybe you’re not flying so blind. I might be able to offer some information that can help.”
General Sheppard frowned. How could this stranger that lived in isolation down south know anything about the strange weather phenomenon? “I’m listening.”
Sam rubbed the back of his neck. “In order for this to make any sense, I have to tell you my story, and how I ended up in White River.”
The general nodded and indicated Sam to take a seat. Sam sat down in one of the empty chairs in front of the general’s desk.
“A little over a year ago I woke up next to a dead tree with no idea how I got there, or who I was.”
The general raised an eyebrow, but did not interrupt. Sam told the story of how he made it to White River, how the town took him in and nursed him back to health. He did not mention the farm, or where their source of water originated. He described Doc Percy’s findings and the doctor’s puzzlement that Sam didn’t even have a flash of a memory.
“One night I walked outside and saw the aurora for the first time. At that moment, I knew that was the reason I was sent. Of course it was more instinct than memory, but I knew it to be true with every fiber in my body.”
Sam paused, and the general moved forward in his chair. For the next few minutes Sam described the solar storm and the plasma wave that was ejected and headed toward earth. How it moved much slower than the normal solar flares that caused the auroras.
For a moment, General Sheppard’s mouth hung open, and he stared at Sam, wondering if the man tried to make a fool of him. Sam’s face remained serious. Everything the general learned about the man, suggested he should listen to him.
When Sam stopped speaking, a silence hung in the air while General Sheppard tried to process the information. Sam waited patiently for a response. Out in the front office, an aide slammed a drawer. Sounds of laughter drifted through the window as Ray amused Sergeant Alvarez with stories of Nick and Jake’s antics.
Then he saw it in the man’s eyes. General Sheppard believed.
“What happens when the plasma wave hits earth?” Ty asked.
“Not much actually. Well, apart from the fact that it will act as a giant EMP and knock out all electricity and everything electronic.”
Shock registered in General Sheppard’s eyes.“What?”
Another silence followed. When General Sheppard spoke again, his voice was barely a whisper.“How do we stop it?”
Sam shook his head.“You can’t. There are some precautions you can take, like turning everything off, but there’s no stopping it.” 
A thought struck Sam.“Oh yes. If you have anybody with a pacemaker, the EMP might kill them. Our doctor found a solution for that too. It’s called a Faraday cage.”
General Sheppard nodded.“I’ve heard about those. It’s supposed to protect against an electrical surge, but where on earth do I get that? There must be hundreds of people in this city with pacemakers.”
Sam shrugged. He was not about to divulge the information about their medical hideout in Little Rock. Doc said the room at the center could accommodate twelve people at most, not hundreds.
“When is this supposed to happen?” the general asked after another pensive silence.
Sam lifted his shoulders.“I have no idea. To be honest, I thought it would’ve been here by now.”
Sam peered out of the window and pointed to the sky.“I doubt it will be long though, maybe a few days. That’s why I need to get on the road as soon as possible. I want to make it back to White River before the EMP happens.”
The general’s mind already raced with everything he had to do to get the city prepared. 
He came to his feet.“Is there anything you need down there? We haven’t got much to spare, but I’m sure I can arrange something.”
Sam also rose.“We’re doing alright, unless you have some fuel to spare. That’s the one thing that’s hard to find.”
General Sheppard smiled.“I can help you with that. Do you have anybody that can drive a double-rig fuel tanker?”
Sam thought about Gus, but he was at home driving the worker bus out to the farm every day.“I can drive a water tanker. If it’s not much different, I’m sure I can manage.”
General Sheppard made a quick decision and walked to the open window.“Sergeant Alvarez, if you’re done fooling around down there, report to my office,” he yelled down.
Sergeant Alvarez jumped to attention.“Aye, Aye, sir.”
As she ran toward the building, she heard Ray say, “See, now you’ve got her into trouble.”
She entered the office and stood at attention.“You wanted to see me, sir?”
General Sheppard nodded.“Is that three-axle tanker truck with the extra trailer still at the fuel depot?”
Sergeant Alvarez nodded.“It’s fuelled and ready to go. It will leave for Milwaukee in an hour.”
General Sheppard stared at the sergeant for a moment.“Change of plan. I need you to drive it down to White River.”
Sergeant Alvarez never questioned orders, no matter how unusual.“Yes, sir. When do I leave?”
“In twenty minutes.” General Sheppard turned to Sam. “That will give you seventy thousand liters.”
Sam nodded.“Much appreciated, but I’m sure Nick or Jake can drive the truck.  There’s no need to inconvenience the sergeant.”
Sergeant Alvarez snorted.“They can barely drive their own pickup trucks.”
Sam had to bite his lip. He almost said that if they could drive an Abrams tank, surely they could drive a tanker truck.
“Until you make your way back here, I place you under Sam’s command,” General Sheppard said.
Sergeant Alvarez frowned. Sam was a civilian, but she would follow the order.
General Sheppard extended his hand. “Well, I have a lot of work to do. Sam, have a safe trip. After all this is done, we’ll get together and swap stories.”
After a quick handshake, the general rushed out of the office.
“I’ll grab my gear, get the tanker truck, and meet you in the parking lot in fifteen minutes, sir.”
Sam smiled and shook his head.“I’m not in the military. You can call me Sam.”
Sergeant Alvarez nodded. “Yes, sir,” she said, turned and left the room.
When Sam joined the others, Linda walked over holding Pedro’s hand.
“Is everything okay?”
Sam nodded. “I’ve told General Sheppard about the plasma wave. He’ll speak to the government and warn as many people as he can reach. He gave us a tanker full of fuel, but insisted that Sergeant Alvarez drive the truck.”
“No problem, I’ll keep an eye on her,” Ray offered.
Nick laughed. “I’m sure you will.”
“I take it you didn’t tell them about our tanks?” Jake asked.
“No, and I don’t intend to. I also didn’t mention the farm.”
Nick jumped down from where he sat on the hood of his truck.“What do you plan to do?”
Sam glanced up at the sky. “I want to get back to White River as soon as possible. I have an uneasy feeling that plasma wave is close. When we get near, I’ll send one of the motorcycle riders ahead and let Frank organize an escort for the sergeant.”
“I’ll go with her to make sure she gets back safe,” Ray said.
Jake slapped him on the shoulder. “Don’t tell me you are sweet on her. She’s a tough cookie and will have you for breakfast.”
Ray grinned. “I don’t mind.”
While Nick, Jake and Ray discussed the possibility of the scout’s demise, Sam took Linda to the side.“This trip went much better than I expected. Frank will be happy with the extra fuel.”
Linda glanced at Billy and Katie in the back of the truck. They were still in deep discussion, catching up on what happened during their time apart. 
Pedro had a hold of her leg and looked up at her.“Are we going home now?”
She bent down and looked into his eyes.“Yes, sweetheart. We’re going home now.”
Fifteen minutes later Sergeant Alvarez joined them in the parking lot. The tanker truck carried no markings and was painted a non-reflective tan color, making it difficult to spot from a distance out in the open.
Sam pointed to Jake.“Take point. I’ll follow. Ray, ride with Sergeant Alvarez.”
Sam frowned and looked at the sergeant.“Do you have a name besides Sergeant?”
She nodded. “It’s Gina, sir.”
Sam smiled and shook his head. “Gina, you’ll follow me. Nick, you’ll bring up the rear. Rudy and Page, stay with the convoy until we passed Champaign. We should be good till then. I want to make it to Champaign before nightfall, so we need to push.”
Minutes later the convoy snaked out of the parking lot and started their trip home. Curious onlookers watched from the side of the road. News about the visitors from down south must’ve spread. On their trip in, they were met with anxious stares. Now they received smiles and waves.
The convoy reached Champaign near sundown. The soldiers at the barricade expected them and let them through. They made their way to the barricade at the other side of the city, where Lieutenant Baldwin waited for them.
He indicated a spot still inside the confines of the city where they could overnight. They pulled the vehicles in a laager. Sam set up guards for the night, but it was unnecessary, they were safe under the protection of the military.
Before sunrise, they were up and refueled the vehicles. After a breakfast from their dried rations, they were ready to continue their trip. Rudy and Page were the first to leave on their motorcycles. After Sam thanked the lieutenant for his hospitality, they resumed their trip.
Ten minutes later they were clear of the city, heading south, theirs the only vehicles on the dusty road. Sam took a last look in the truck’s side mirrors as they left civilization behind and headed towards their little oasis.

Chapter 25

Two hours after they left Champaign, Sam pulled his truck alongside Nick’s, and signaled him to stop.
“What’s wrong?” Nick asked the moment his truck came to a halt.
Sam smiled. “Nothing, but I need to stretch my legs.”
Once the entire convoy came to a stop, Sam waited until the dust blew away on the wind, and then made sure he had everyone’s attention by climbing on the back of his truck.
“We’re stopping for ten minutes, people. If you need to go, do it now.”
“Ah, so that’s why we stopped. You had to go?” Jake said as Sam jumped down.
Sam grinned. “Of course.”
Nick pointed towards the fuel tanker. “I think we lost Ray to the dark side.”
Gina walked around the truck inspecting the tires, with Ray in tow. They were in deep conversation about something, but it was clear the scout was taken with the young sergeant.
Sam frowned. It could pose a problem when the time came to send Gina back to Chicago, but he would worry about that later.
“We’re making good time,” Sam said.
Jake nodded. “When we passed here the day before yesterday, the convoy dispersed a lot of the sand from the road. The road’s still clear enough, which makes it easier to follow.”
“Just don’t go too fast. It’s not so easy to keep up with all the dust you kick up,” Sam said.
Jake’s face had a shocked expression. “What dust? I don’t have a problem with that.” Driving in the lead, he didn’t have to contend with a trail of dust.
Sam smacked him in the back of the head. “I can always send you to the rear of the convoy.”
“Then I can take point for a while,” Nick said hopeful, trying to dig dirt out of his ear.
“No, no, I’m okay. I promise to behave,” Jake said with a wide grin.
Sam looked around. Everyone was done with what they had to do. Linda walked back holding Pedro’s hand.
“Looks like you got competition,” Nick said.
Sam smiled. Linda’s natural mother instincts kicked in, and she was quite protective toward the boy.
“Time to go, people.”
The motorcycle riders reported back twice, indicating all was clear. Jake pushed as hard as he dared. Sometimes the wind would blow from the front, making it more difficult for the people that followed, and he had to slow down. When the wind blew across the road, it was quick to clear most of the dust, making it easier for the next truck.
It was midday when they reached the town of Marion. They pulled off the road for a break and to refuel the trucks.
Sam peered down the road ahead and noticed a dust cloud that headed their way. He tapped Nick on the arm and pointed.“Someone’s coming fast.”
Nick looked around toward the supply truck where Page refueled her motorcycle.
“Maybe it’s Rudy coming to refuel?”
Sam shook his head.“I don’t think so. There’s more than one rider. Heads up people, we have company!”
Sam leaned into his truck and pulled out his Winchester. To the right were a clump of buildings from an old strip mall. Sam waved Jake and his squad to take cover there. 
He turned to Linda. “Follow me.”
Linda picked up Pedro. Katie’s eyes where wide with fear and she clung to Billy. They followed Sam to the left. 
He led them between two buildings and looked at Billy.“Make sure they stay here.”
He ran back to where Nick crouched behind his truck. Everybody was now out of sight.
“Definitely two riders,” Nick said and they could hear the distant sound of the engines.
Sam looked back to where Ray and Gina crouched behind a truck. The scout listened intently to the sound, then stood up and strolled over to Sam.
“What are you doing? Take cover,” Nick said.
Ray held up a hand. “Relax. It’s only Lance and Donald.”
Nick frowned. “How could you know that? I know your eyes are good, but they’re not even in sight yet.”
Ray flashed a grin. “There’s nothing wrong with my ears either.”
Trying to determine whether the scout told the truth, Nick glared at him. 
Sam slapped Nick on the shoulder.“You should know better than to question Ray’s abilities. Regardless of who they are, they’re in a hurry.”
The riders didn’t normally keep to the roads. They used their off-road motorcycles to ride circles around the scout parties to keep an eye out for any trouble. Lance and Donald however, raced on the road towards them.
Although the riders where not in sight yet, they could track their progress by sound and dust. The motorcycles left a huge plume in their wake. When the riders rounded the bend, they raced into view. They slowed when they noticed the convoy.
Lance and Donald stopped their bikes and removed their helmets and protective goggles.
Without bothering with a greeting, Lance spoke.“Sam, so glad we don’t have to drive all the way to Chicago to find you. The town’s in big trouble.”
A cold shiver ran down Sam’s spine.“What’s wrong?”
Lance wiped the dust from his face.“Ever since we returned from Alexandria, the commander had us keep an eye on the place. The day before yesterday, they started to test the tanks. They fixed whatever you did to disable them.”
Sam looked at Nick and shrugged. They expected that sooner or later they would get their tanks fixed.
Donald continued. “Yesterday I managed to sneak in close. At first I thought it was a ghost, but it was him. His arm is in a sling, and he had one foot in a cast, but it was General Jacobs. He’s alive!”
Sam and Nick swore in unison.
“Sam, I heard him say that not only does he want to crush White River, he wants to wipe it from the face of the earth. If I understood him correctly, they will mount an attack against us tomorrow morning.”
Gina Alvarez overheard the conversation and stepped closer.“How many tanks does he have?” she asked.
Nick looked at Sam, and when Sam nodded, he said, “Seventeen M1A1 Abrams tanks, fully loaded.”
Her eyes widened. She was well aware of the firepower that seventeen tanks possessed. “I can grab a motorcycle and race back to request help from General Sheppard, but it would take at least two or three days to get help to White River.”
Sam shook his head. “That will be too late. Let’s get back to town. We can construct a plan there.”
As everyone ran back toward their vehicles, Nick stopped Sam.“What about her?” he asked and pointed to Gina.
“We’ll deal with that later,” Sam said and stepped into his truck.
This time Sam took the lead. He went as fast as the road allowed. Nick was still in the rear and would make sure nobody stayed behind. The convoy raised a huge dust cloud, but Sam didn’t care who might see it. His mind raced with options.
Linda studied his face for a while.“Don’t even think about it. I’m going nowhere.”
He jerked his head around in surprise. It was as if she read his mind.“Think about what?”
She waved a finger at him. “Sam, I know how your mind works. You’re already trying to figure out a way to get me out of danger.”
Sam sighed. “The town won’t be safe. Our three tanks don’t stand a chance against their seventeen. I didn’t think that mad man would go to such extremes.”
“But when that mad man arrives with his tanks, where will you be? Let me guess, in the front lines facing him,” Linda said.
Sam gave a wry grin. “Where else would I be?”
“How about somewhere in a hole, hiding with me until that nasty man goes away?”
Sam stared at her for a moment, and then shook his head.“Sweetheart, you know I can’t do that.”
Linda sighed. “Yes, I do, which is why I’ll not allow you to send me away.”
When Sam didn’t answer, Linda slapped his arm.“Damn it, Sam. Have you not learned anything in all our time together? Since you first opened your eyes in the hospital, whenever we’re apart is when one of us land in trouble. If we stick together, we’re strong and make a formidable team.”
He could not argue with her logic and glanced at her pretty face, her chin pushed forward with determination and stubbornness. Anger made her emerald eyes sparkle even brighter than usual. Sam turned his head to look at the three on the backseat. Pedro, Billy and Katie stared at him with big, wide eyes.
A pang of guilt ran through him. Katie decided to come to White River in the hope of a better life, but she might be in danger before she even set foot in the town. 
He gave them a reassuring smile.“We face many challenges and always managed to survive against the odds. We will survive this too.”
Linda placed a hand on his arm and gave him a smile. He gazed into her eyes and saw something, the same thing he noticed when he glanced to the back seat. Belief. They all believed that Sam would get them through the trouble ahead.
Sam swallowed and felt the weight on his shoulders. He was no stranger to that feeling. It seemed to come naturally for him to carry the hopes of others on his broad shoulders.
It was late in the afternoon when White River swung into view. The town simmered in the distance, peaceful and innocent. From that distance, everything was quiet. Sam gave a silent sigh. Every scout party that went out to explore or search welcomed that sight when they returned.
He smiled to everybody.“Welcome home.”
The people that manned the barricade moved the armored bus that obstructed the entrance to town. Sam drove through and waved at the men and women on duty. Lance and Donald already brought word of their return to town, and they were expected.
Once again people lined the streets, but the normal cheerful welcoming they would have received, was absent. Instead the people looked worried. News about the impending attack from Alexandria had spread like wildfire.
At the sight of Sam, people smiled and gave each other hugs and high fives. The fact that he made it back before the attack gave them hope. Sam glanced at the people, and then smiled at Linda. A lot had changed in the last year.
Sam remembered a time, after he was wrongfully arrested, that the majority of the townspeople wanted him run out of the town. If it weren’t for people like Linda, Timothy Ryan, Doc Percy, and later even Janine, they would have gotten their way.
But the universe had a different design in mind for him. It took a while, but he won the townspeople’s trust and respect. Clive’s cave people, Terry’s group from the compound, and the few others that Sam rescued and gave a safe haven in White River, were now like one. They would stand together side by side to defend their town.
Sam led the convoy to the gathering point in front of the Command Center. When he stepped out of the truck, Frank Hurley was on hand to welcome him.
“Sam, am I glad to see you,” Frank said and shook Sam’s hand with enthusiasm.
“So, he’s still alive?” Sam said.
Frank nodded. “I’m afraid so, and from what Donald heard, he’s planning to launch an attack against the town tomorrow. I have six riders out there keeping an eye on Alexandria. As soon as they start to make their move, a rider will race back to warn us.”
Frank looked past Sam at the strange women in military uniform that stepped from the tanker truck.“What’s this?”
Sam glanced at Gina, who looked around her in wonder. She didn’t expect to see so many people.
“Frank, this is Sergeant Gina Alvarez. She was kind enough to drive the tanker truck filled with fuel that we received from General Sheppard in Chicago. Gina, this is our chief of security, Commander Frank Hurley.”
The military people nodded at each other politely, but rather stiff and in a military fashion.
“We can sure use the fuel,” Frank said. “But that still doesn’t explain what she’s doing here.”
Sam smiled at the shocked expression on Gina’s face. She was not used to Frank’s bluntness.
“I planned to send her back with an escort before we reached town, but when Lance and Donald arrived, my only thought was to get back to town as quick as I could.”
Gina frowned. They never intended to bring her here. What were they hiding?
“Gina, I know I said that we would send you back with an escort as soon as we got back, but unfortunately, as you heard, we have a serious problem. We need every able person in town at the moment.”
She stood with her hands behind her back in military fashion. “I understand, sir. If there’s any way I can help, please let me know.”
Sam thought for a moment, and then looked at Frank. The commander’s eyes signaled a warning, but Sam already decided that he could trust the soldier from Chicago.
“What do you know about an Abrams tank?” Sam asked.
Taken by surprise, Gina took a moment to regain her composure.“It depends whether you want me to drive it, or fire the guns. My training on the Abrams was concentrated around armament. I can drive it if I have to, but am more than likely liable to crash it into something.”
Sam chuckled. “Excellent. Seeing that you’re willing to help, we can sure use an extra gunner.”
Her eyes widened with surprise. “You have an Abrams here?”
Sam shook his head. “Nope. We have three. Edward and Nathan are experienced gunners, and with a third, I like our chances better.”
Gina shook her head in disbelief. White River surprised her more by the second. No wonder they were able to survive out there.
Sam called Nick and Jake.“Take Gina to the tanks. Also make sure they stay out of sight. If anybody’s scouting the town, I don’t want them to know where the tanks are. We’ve surprised General Jacobs once. This time he’ll be more careful. We’ll meet back in the Command Center in an hour. Then we can start to work on a strategy on how to defend our town against that mad man.”
As they watched the others walked away, Sam turned to Frank.“I didn’t mean to spring this surprise on you, but she might come in handy.”
Frank shrugged. “Don’t worry. I’ve learned a long time ago not to question your instincts.”

Chapter 26

When Sam stepped into the Command Center followed by Linda, the air was charged with nervous energy. The people huddled in small groups to discuss the possibilities that the next day could bring.
Linda made her way to where her sister stood by Terry. Nick and Jake shared some details of their trip to Chicago with them. Ray was in his usual corner but not quite so out of sight as normal. Gina Alvarez sat next to him, observing.
As people became aware of Sam’s presence, the room went quiet, and everyone took a seat. Sam joined Frank in front of the large map against the back wall.
“Any news?”
Frank shook his head. “No, nothing yet. I doubt they will leave Alexandria during the night, but that general is crazy and unpredictable. Best we are prepared for anything.”
Sam nodded. He glanced over the sea of faces, all eyes full of expectation on him.
“Do you have any idea how we’re going to defend against seventeen tanks?” Sam asked Frank.
The commander rubbed a hand over his short, gray hair, and shook his head.“With that much firepower, not much will stand in their way.”
Sam retrieved an enlarged map of White River from the map cupboard, and spread it out across the table.“They will probably come from the south. His exact strategy is a mystery, but it sounds like he wants to roll over the town and destroy everything. We need to find a way to stop him. Any suggestions?”
For the next hour, several possibilities were raised and discussed. Each idea doomed for failure against the impossible force of seventeen, heavily armed, M1A1 Abrams tanks. Everything was discussed, from digging hidden trenches, to planting their own improvised explosion devices.
“A shaped charge IED underneath the tank might work,” Nathan said.
“That won’t destroy an Abrams,” Terry answered.
Nathan didn’t give up. “We don’t need to destroy it, just disable it.”
“That might work, but we don’t have that kind of explosives,” Frank pointed out. 
As the discussion continued, Sam could feel the increased weight of expectations on his shoulders.
Sam leaned on his arms, staring at the map.“I think we should first find a place where we can hide all the children and non-fighting people. We need to get them out of harms way.”
“What about the farm? They can hide out there,” Ernie Hanson said.
Sam shook his head. “General Jacobs doesn’t know about the farm, and I don’t want to do anything that can draw his attention there. We can rebuild the town, but without the farm, we’re lost.”
Sam watched Gina frown and whisper to Ray, “What farm?”
He glanced at Sam before shaking his head. She caught Sam’s look and knew it was one of the things she was not supposed to know about the town.
Janine stood up. “What about the old storm shelter below the school?”
“What storm shelter?” Nathan asked. “I’ve lived here most of my life and don’t know anything about a shelter.”
Janine smiled. “Not many people do. Mayor Ryan told me about it when I took over as sheriff. It can hold as many as a thousand people for a short period of time.”
Sam’s eyes lit up. “Is the entrance hidden?”
Janine nodded. “Unless you know where it is, you will not find it. During the days of the Cold War, it was built as a bomb shelter, with two heavy steel doors guarding the entrance. Not even a tank will open those doors once they’re locked from the inside.”
A plan started to form in Sam’s mind. His mind raced with possibilities. He stared at Frank, who looked at him puzzled. It took a few moments, but when a wry smile formed on Sam’s lips, a light went on for Frank. 
He smiled.“That can work, but how on earth will you pull it off?”
“It might not be that difficult. The General will be dead set on destroying the town. Once he achieves that, I doubt he will further his pursuit.”
Frank slapped the table with excitement. “Yes, we just need to make it look convincing.”
Sam waved his index finger at Frank. “Exactly. We might not eliminate loss completely, but we’ll sure keep it to a minimum. The last part will be the most dangerous. That means we’ll have to sacrifice our tanks, but if we can fool the General, it will be worth it.”
Sam and Frank looked up. The rest of the people stared at them with big eyes. They had no idea what the two were on about. 
Nick indicated a thumb at Jake.“And they call us crazy. What the hell are you two talking about?”
Sam smiled at Frank before he turned to face the rest.“There’s a way to save the people.”
Wide eyes and puzzled faces stared at Sam. Nick looked at Jake, who shrugged. They still had no idea what Sam’s harebrained idea entailed.
Sam pointed at the map.“General Jacobs’ intention is to destroy the town. So I say, let him do that.”
Jake stared at Sam in disbelief. “Huh?”
Sam stared at the shocked faces. They worked hard to build the town the way it was and made it work for them. Voices erupted in unison. Everyone tried to have their say. 
Sam held up his arms.“Calm down, people. Give me a chance to explain.”
The voices died down and silence filled the room once more.
“This is my plan,” Sam said and glanced sideways at Frank, who nodded his approval. “We move most of the people into the underground shelter. I will stay out with a few selected squads and face the General’s forces. Once they start their attack, we will jump into the trucks and drive northeast. This will give the impression that we’re fleeing the town.”
Several heads shook in disagreement.
“Why don’t we just stay and fight?” Fritz Schweitzer asked. Fleeing was not in the big German’s nature.
Sam sighed. “Many people will die if we do.”
“But they’ll destroy the town,” Maxine Holt said.
“Yes, I know. That is what they want to do. This way, nobody has to die. When the General leaves, we can rebuild the town. It is easier than to resurrect someone from the dead.”
“What about the provisions we have in the warehouse. What about my freezers?” Andy asked.
“We have enough big rig trucks that we can move everything to safety. It will look like we took everything and made a run for it,” Sam said.
Henry Carver, the equipment master rose to his feet. “How on earth do you plan to move all that stuff in less than a day?”
Sam smiled. “It won’t be that difficult. We have more than a thousand people in this town. If we all work together, it is not impossible.”
The people looked at each other, and one by one they started to nod. The plan didn’t seem that farfetched anymore. The more they thought about it, the more it sounded like it might work. The emotion on their faces turned to belief.
Sam smiled at Frank. “How did you know what I planned?”
“I know how your mind works, always putting the safety of the people first. Me, I would have stayed and fight and lost many lives in the process. I like your plan better.”
“There’s one other task that is very important. We need to cover all tracks leading to the farm. There must be no sign that can lead them that way,” Sam said.
Frank nodded. “I’ll take care of that. I already have a few ideas how we might accomplish that.”
For the next hour they ironed out the details and assigned specific tasks. Sergeant Gina Alvarez listened to the people in wonder. In Chicago the people didn’t have that level of cooperation and commitment. Most relied on the military to solve their problems for them. No wonder the people of White River survived out there in their little oasis.
Sam already made an impression on her in Chicago, but seeing him in action raised her respect for the man. That was why the people of White River believed in him. Even in the face of seventeen tanks they didn’t lose faith and trusted him to get them through in once piece.
Even though Sam didn’t wear a uniform, in a lot of ways he reminded her of General Sheppard. The most significant difference was that Sam didn’t act like a hard-ass all the time, but everyone that knew him, knew his abilities. Although General Sheppard had the same abilities, he always acted like a tough guy.
Sam and Frank combined to assign the tasks. Andy was tasked to organize the kitchen supplies and food, and received a large portion of the squads to assist. Henry Carver was also given a number of squads and citizens to move all the equipment and clothes in the stores.
In Doc’s absence, Fay was tasked to move the hospital equipment and supplies. She was given three squads to help. That night there would be no sleep for anybody. By sunrise, Sam and Frank wanted everything packed and ready to move.
Lastly, Sam called together the crew of the three tanks. Gina would be Nick’s gunner. Nathan, as he did in Alexandria, was partnered with Jake, which left Edward with Terry. They also each had a loader.
Sam stared at the crews. “You will have the most dangerous assignment of the entire plan. If any of you object to putting your life on the line, speak now. I won’t hold it against you, but I need to know now.”
Sam turned to Gina.“You are not even supposed to be here. You owe this town nothing and I won’t ask that you risk your life.”
Gina shook her head. “Sir, I admire this town’s spirit. Count me in.”
Sam frowned. “Enough with this sir business, I told you to call me Sam.”
She nodded. “I know, sir.”
Nick, Jake and Terry all snickered together, and Sam glared at them.
One of the loaders, a guy in his early thirties, shifted his feet. Sam recognized him as one of the men that got wounded during Linda’s rescue.
“Sam, I don’t know whether my nerves will hold. I don’t want to find out in the middle of a battle that I can’t handle the pressure. Dumas was a close call and changed my outlook and how I can handle things.”
Sam placed his hand on the man’s shoulder. “I understand, Tom. Will you mind giving Henry a hand at the equipment store?”
Tom nodded, his shoulders hanging.
“We need to find another loader,” Nick said.
“I’ll do it,” the quiet voice of Ray spoke behind them.
“Damn it, boy. How many times have I told you not to sneak up on me,” Nick said as he jumped to the side.
Ray grinned. “It’s not my fault you go through life with your eyes closed.”
Sam stared at Ray for a moment. He noticed the glance the scout gave Gina. His volunteering as loader was more to be near her, but to have him there would be helpful. Sam nodded. He tapped at a point on the map that had the southern barricade marked.
“I want you to keep the tanks here, here, and there, but keep them out of sight. These buildings should provide enough cover. Once the general’s tanks move through the barricade, fire on them, but don’t expose your own tanks too much. If you can take a few of them out, it would be a bonus, but it’s not necessary.”
Sam tapped other buildings half a block further. “Retreat here and abandon the tanks. Remember to disable them first. I’ll have pickup trucks waiting for you here. By then the town will be empty. Everyone will either be in hiding or moved out.”
Sam tapped the map indicating the northern barricade. “I’ll have eight extra pickup trucks waiting here. Join them and then follow that road north. With a little luck, they will see you as the last of the defending force. They might give chase but will have no chance to catch you with the tanks.”
“Do they have Humvee’s or Hummers?” Gina asked.
Sam shrugged. “We didn’t see any when we were in Alexandria, but that doesn’t mean they don’t have any.”
“We’ll have trouble outrunning those,” Gina said.
“If they have, try your best to take them out, otherwise you need to make sure they don’t catch you.”
Sam looked at the anxious faces around the table. “Just one last thing. Don’t get killed,” he said.
Jake snorted. “It’s not like we’ll do it on purpose.”
Sam let them go and watched them walk out of the now empty Command Center. He stared at the map once more and felt his anger rise. At that moment he wanted nothing more than to get his hands on the arrogant general who threatened his entire existence. Maybe the opportunity would still present itself.
Sam walked outside to where Linda and Janine waited with Pedro. All three stared at the sky.
“What’s the matter?” Sam asked and glanced up. He took a sharp breath. They didn’t have to explain, he could see it.
Over the past months, they got used to the brilliant display of colors from the aurora dancing in the sky. Now it was barely visible. Every few seconds a piece would flare brighter, but then dimmed again.
“Is it my imagination or is the aurora not so bright tonight?”
“No, it’s not your imagination, it’s disappearing,” Janine said.
Earlier the entire northern skyline was covered with the light display, now only faint patches remained. There was no moon to illuminate the night sky, which made the disappearing aurora more noticeable.
As Sam stared at the sky, there were a few last flashes and then the aurora was gone. For several minutes they kept staring at the sky, but all they saw were stars.
“Sam, I don’t understand. What does this mean? Is the weather changing back to normal again? ” Linda asked.
Sam kept staring at the stars, peering deep into space. Somewhere out there an invisible plasma wave raced towards them. If it hurried, it might just save their town. Sam’s pulse quickened. Dare he hope against all odds?
He turned to Linda. “No, darling, that means that the plasma wave is close. Close enough that it blocks the earth from the solar flares. I think the wave will hit in a matter of hours.”

Chapter 27

By sunrise the town was ready. Truck loads of goods were shipped out of town. Sam wanted to make sure it would be safe, and the neighboring town was too close to White River. Dumas was the only other town close enough that still remained relatively intact.
After Linda was rescued from where the raiders held her in Dumas, they thought they would never return to the place that caused them so much heartache and pain. The bodies of the raiders that were killed still remained where they had fallen. When the fighting was done, the rescue force had to rush back to White River with Sam, who suffered a serious wound. They didn’t bother to bury the dead raiders.
The town was big enough that they could hide the food and equipment in a different section, away from the stench of the dead. One squad stayed behind in Dumas to keep an eye over their supplies. With nobody left in the area, they didn’t expect any trouble. The real threat was to White River.
“Where’s Frank?” Sam asked when he walked into the Command Center.
Ray was the only other person in the building. “He’s out with a crew covering the road to the farm. They have two dump trucks and have found two huge blowers somewhere to blow the sand over the road.”
Sam nodded. “That’s quite clever.”
Because they traveled back and forth between the town and the farm every day, that road was cleared of dirt and dust, unlike all other streets in the area which was covered with a thick layer of sand.
“I’ve never seen so many people working together like this. When you mentioned all the things that needed to be moved, I thought you were out of your mind. But they did it. You sure know how to get the people to pull together,” Ray said.
Sam gave a wry smile. “An evil General with a plan to wipe out the town acts as a good motivator.”
Ray shook his head. “And then he’s so modest too.”
Ignoring the statement, Sam stared at Ray. The scout noticed the penetrating blue eyes that stared at him. It felt like those bright eyes stared right into his soul, and he shifted his weight uncomfortably.
“What?” he asked.
“You’re getting quite friendly with Gina.”
Ray frowned. “I don’t see why that should be a problem.”
“It’s not, but when all this is over, she’ll have to return to Chicago.”
A dark cloud crossed Ray’s face. “Yes, I know.”
Ray gave Sam a sideward glance, and the look on Sam’s face said the matter was not yet closed.
“Sam, I don’t know what will happen then. For now, I enjoy her company. She’s a fascinating woman.”
Sam chuckled. “Yes, that she is. Gina sure has the measure of Nick and Jake.”
Ray laughed. “They get put in their place every time they try to match wits with her.”
He paused for a moment. “Will it be so bad if she wants to stay?”
Well aware of the possibility, Sam also had to consider the consequences that a decision like that might have with General Sheppard. He didn’t know the man well enough to anticipate how he would react to that news.
“Well, we first have to survive General Jacobs. We’ll deal with Gina and General Sheppard later,” Sam said and the scout flashed him a smile. Whatever Ray decided, Sam would support him, and find a way to make it work.
Ray cocked his head to the side, listening with intent.“Two motorcycles approaching in a hurry.”
Sam listened, but heard nothing. It took another few seconds before he heard the thumping sound of the off-road motorcycles. Sam and Ray rushed out of the building and waited for the riders at the bottom of the steps.
Down the road, the two motorcycles slid around the corner and into view. They came to a roaring halt in front of the Command Center. 
The young rider removed his helmet, and Sam could see the fear in his eyes.“Sam, they’re coming. The General’s leading them. They left Alexandria just before sunrise.”
A chill ran down Sam’s neck. Deep down and against the possibility, he kept hoping that the General would change his mind, and that sanity would prevail. No doubt, the man had to be aware of the bloodshed that would result from his actions, but he didn’t care. In fact, that was his motivation. His ego was dented, and he couldn’t let that slide.
“How many?” Sam asked, his voice barely a whisper.
The young riders swallowed hard. He hated being the bringer of bad news. “Sam, there are two army trucks loaded with soldiers, I would say about fifty or so. There’s also two Humvees with top mounted machine guns.” The youth paused for a moment and shuddered at the thought. “And all seventeen tanks.”
Sam nodded. That was what they expected.“How long will it take them to get here?”
The young rider shrugged. “They’re not moving that fast, if I had to guess, about three hours or so.”  
Sam looked up at the sky. It was a much lighter shade of pink, almost white.“That cloud might be close, but it appears it is not close enough.”
The rider glanced upwards. “Excuse me?”
Sam smiled and shook his head. “Never mind. The Commander is out on the road to White River. Go tell him what you just told me.”
The rider nodded, replaced his goggles and helmet, kicked his motorcycle to life, and roared off in the direction of the farm.
At the mounted siren, Billy and Katie were on duty. Sam walked over to the young couple.
“Billy, you have to wait till the last possible moment before running to the shelter. I gave Janine instructions to keep the door open until you arrive. Don’t let the soldiers see where you’re going though.”
Billy glanced at Katie, and then nodded. She squeezed her boyfriend’s hand.
Sam made a sweep of the town to make sure everything went according to plan. All electronic and electric devices were switched off and disconnected. The farm was on standby and they could have everything turned off in less than two minutes.
Satisfied that everything in town had been taken care of, Sam made his way to the southern barricade. The three tanks were positioned half a block away, between the first buildings. The advancing force of the General would only see the tanks once they passed the blockade.
When Sam walked down the road, Nick, Jake and the others joined him in the street next to the tanks. Nervous tension filled the air and every face showed signs of strain.
“They’re on their way,” Sam said.
Nick nodded. “We’ve heard.”
“The rider said they have two Humvees.”
Gina frowned. “We can outrun the tanks, but the Humvees can catch us and do serious damage. Their mounted machine guns will rip through our trucks like nothing. We need to take care of them before we make a run for it.”
“Concentrate on them, but don’t fall into the clutches of the tanks. Against that much firepower you won’t stand much of a chance,” Sam said.
 With that done, it only left one more task to check. Sam got into a pickup truck and drove out of the eastern barricade. Frank made good time, and only five hundred meters of road still needed to be covered.
Sam inspected the road. The blower that Frank used sucked the dirt from the back of the dump truck and blew it out onto the road, covering the surface with a thick layer of sand. It created the effect they wanted to achieve.
They couldn’t dump the sand on the road because it would appear too obvious. It had to look like the dirt was deposited by the constant wind. The blower made a high-pitched screaming sound, so Sam gave Frank the thumbs up.
In another hour Frank would be finished and it appeared as if nobody used that road in a while. Sam made his way back to the Command Center. He stopped at an intersection. Elsewhere, there were still a few people moving around in the streets making last minute preparations, but for the most part, the place became a ghost town.
Sam stared at the quiet, deserted streets. He switched off the truck and stepped out into the street. The wind whistled through the buildings. For a moment Sam had to fight a fit of panic. Unable to explain the feeling of abandonment and loneliness, he quickly stepped back into his truck and took off towards the school.
Once he brought his vehicle to a stop, he took the stairs down to the basement two, some three at a time. Linda stood at the door, directing last minute additions to the shelter. She looked up in surprise when Sam stood at the bottom of the steps.
The look of fear on his face scared her. “Sam, is everything alright?”
He forced a smile and walked closer.“I don’t know if I’ll get the chance later, so I wanted to come by to get a hug.”
She stared at him for a moment. His eyes did not reflect the smile on his lips. Without a word she stepped into his arms. He closed his eyes and held her tight. Sam smelled her hair, drinking in the soft scent of her strawberry shampoo.
After a few moments, he stepped back with a sigh. She placed a gentle hand on the side of his face. “What’s bothering you?” 
He took her hand in his and kissed the fingertips.“Nothing.”
Linda frowned. “Sam, don’t lie to me. I can see when something upsets you.”
The anger in Linda’s voice shocked Sam. She had not spoken to him in that tone since Janine accused him of being a serial killer. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to lie to you, but the thing is … the street was empty … and I felt like … I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
Linda’s anger turned to concern. She got used to Sam being in control of everything, but for a moment, he appeared lost. From time to time, Sam experienced a feeling that he was in a certain situation before, but because he couldn’t remember anything, it confused him. Sometimes it was so intense, that he was overwhelmed by the feeling, and it scared him.
In town, only two people had ever seen him in such a vulnerable state. Of course one was Linda, and the other Janine. Linda’ sister saw a side of him filled with raw emotion when the raiders kidnapped Linda and they had no idea where they held her.
Linda took Sam’s face between her hands and smiled.“You’re allowed to be human. You don’t have to be the pillar of strength for everybody all the time.”
Sam stared deep into her emerald green eyes. He bent forward and kissed the top of her head.“Yes, I know. You’re there to support me when I stumble. Right now we’re facing our most difficult challenge to date, and I need to be strong to get us through this.”
She smiled. “You will get us through, as you always do.”
Sam was well aware of the consequences if he didn’t. Failure was not an option, so he pushed all negative thoughts from his mind. He smiled, and this time it reached his eyes. “Thank you for putting me back on track.”
She leaned her head against his chest, and his arms encircled her athletic body.“I can sure do with some peace and quiet on the farm,” she said.
“Soon, my darling, soon. For such a remote little town in the middle of nowhere, we sure have a lot happening here.”
Linda’s short laugh echoed up the stairs. “Never a dull moment.”
Sam glanced at his watch. “I have to go. Make sure everyone stays inside. As soon as Billy and Katie get here, lock the doors, and keep them locked until you hear from me.”
Linda stared into Sam’s eyes, her face pleading.“Sam, be careful out there. Make sure you come back to me. You know I won’t survive in this harsh world without you.”
A lonely tear escaped from her left eye, ran down her cheek, and made it down to the point of her chin where it clung on desperately.
Sam wiped away the drop with his thumb.“I promise I’ll be careful and will see you soon.”
He kissed her with passion and all the love he held. When he stepped away, her knees trembled. With one last smile, he turned and disappeared up the steps.
As Sam stepped through the front door, Frank climbed the steps.
“The road to the farm is covered. Unless they do a thorough inspection, they won’t notice anything,” Frank said.
Sam nodded and gripped Frank’s hand. “Keep them safe down there. See you on the other side.”
When Sam arrived at the barricade, everything was set. The tanks and their crew were in position, and the backup squads waited at the blockade. Their trucks parked close by, with the fronts pointing the way they will make their run.
Sam stared toward the southern horizon, but the usual dust that got whipped up by the wind obstructed his visual range. He reached into his truck, retrieved the binoculars from the dashboard, and then climbed atop the bus that formed the main obstruction of the barricade.
At first look through the binoculars, he saw nothing unusual, but then he noticed it. A dark cloud of dust developed on the distant horizon. It was not yet visible with the naked eye, but with the help of the magnifying effect of the binoculars, the cloud rose above the horizon.
It was still too far away to see any vehicles, but the cloud grew by the second. When Sam climbed down from the bus, the huge column of dust was visible with the naked eye.
Sam waved in the direction of the tanks.“Here they come, everyone, be alert.”
Twenty minutes later Sam looked at the front of his truck. Small pebbles of sand danced on the hood. He looked at his feet and the sand vibrated. The distant sound of the rolling tanks reached his strained ears. He had to listen carefully to distinguish the roaring engines above the thumping of his heart in his ears.
The sound of a whistling projectile reached his ears a second before he heard the distant boom. Next to the barricade, the building that formed one of the corners of the blockade, exploded in a puff of dust. 

Chapter 28

Sam peered through a gap in the barricade. In the distance, the tanks were now visible through the huge cloud of dust. The rumbling of the tank tracks and the roar of the massive engines were drowned out by the sound when the big main gun fired. It hurled the 120mm projectile toward the blockade.
Dust, bricks and mortar flew in every direction when the shell hit another building and exploded in a bright flash. The tanks were still a couple of kilometers away, but already capable of raining down death and destruction. The closer they got the more effective their weapons would be.
Sam looked up at the sky. If ever they needed a miracle, now was the time. In all the excitement of the morning, Sam forgot to keep an eye above. The pink color had disappeared and was replaced by a bright white glow.
Sam glanced at the approaching tanks. The wave might not be in time, but it was about to strike. He had to make a quick decision. Swearing under his breath as another shell hits a building to his right; he jumped to his feet, and ran towards their tanks.
 Nick’s driver’s hatch flew open, and his head popped out.“What’s wrong?” he shouted.
Sam pointed at the sky. “It’s here!” he shouted but Nick could not hear him above the noise. One glance into the air and he understood. Sam drew his index finger across his neck, indicating that they should shutdown the tank. Nick gave the thumbs up to show that he understood.
Jake already observed the conversation between Sam and Nick and grasped what happened. Sam pointed in the direction of Terry’s tank, and it took a second for Jake to realize that Sam wanted him to warn Terry and his crew. Once Sam was satisfied that Jake understood, he turned and ran for the Command Center.
Terry did not understand Jake’s waving, so he leaned further out of his hatch. Jake ran forward and shouted.“The plasma wave is about to strike. Kill the tank and get to the trucks. It’s time to get out of here.”
While Terry pulled the computer chips, Gina noticed that the two Humvees split from the main force, and circled around the side of the town. Before she could shout a warning, the vibration in the tank stopped as Terry yanked the computer chips and the tank ceased to function.
Gina looked around the inside of the tank, and noticed the two anti-tank rockets that were stored in the back.
“Grab those and follow me,” she shouted at Ray.
He grabbed the two launchers and passed them through the open hatch, before he followed Gina outside. They each grabbed a launcher and ran towards the eastern side of town where the Humvees were headed.
They crouched behind a house at an intersection.
Gina looked around. “Where the hell did they go?”
Ray peered around the corner of the building. A block away a plume of dust told him the exact location of the vehicles.
“There,” he said and pointed.
Keeping as low as they could, they crossed the street in the direction of the dust. They passed through a narrow alley between two houses that were built close together, hiding them from the vehicles.
As they approached the next street, Ray grabbed Gina’s arm. He pointed to his ear and to the direction of the street. She cocked her head and listened. The sound of a running engine came from the front, and it moved down the road toward them.
Gina pulled the front cap from the launcher, armed the device, and brought it to her shoulder. With the weapon at the ready, she moved forward.
“I would suggest you move away. Being behind me when I fire this thing might not be a good idea,” she said over her shoulder.
Ray realized what she meant and gave a sheepish grin. He made sure to stay by her side. The driver of the Humvee was cautious. The vehicle moved at walking pace down the road. The soldiers were aware that the town had three tanks, and didn’t want to run into one of them.
When they got to the end of the alley between the two houses, Ray peeked around the corner. The Humvee was less than a hundred meters down the road, heading their way. A soldier stood through the opening in the back, manning the machine gun.
“One vehicle approaching,” Ray said, and Gina nodded.
She crouched on one knee and aimed the weapon at the street. Ray hugged the wall next to her. Her heart drummed in her chest. She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. That eased the trembling in her hands.
Instead of peering through the sight with one eye closed, Gina kept both eyes open to increase her field of vision. The Humvee idled down the road and moved into view.
Both the driver and gunner’s attention was focused on the other side of the road, and didn’t notice the two figures that crouched between the two buildings. Gina had to fight hard to control her emotions and breathing when the vehicle moved into her sights.
She squeezed the trigger. The back blast took her by surprise, and she jerked to the left, but by then the projectile had already exited the launcher tube on its way to the target. The driver caught the flash out of the corner of his eye, but was dead before he could turn his head.
The rocket struck the vehicle on the driver’s door, and exploded in a brilliant flash of light. The force of the blast flung the gunner clear of the vehicle. The body landed twenty meters further down the street, his limbs bending at an awkward angle.
The Humvee came to rest against a pole next to the side of the road. Flames consumed the cabin and a plume of smoke rose into the air. Ray peeked around the corner, but there was no sight of the other vehicle.
Gina tossed the spent launcher into the alley and grabbed the second one. She removed the dust cap and armed the device.
“It must’ve gone down the other block,” Ray said.
With no time to waste, Gina jumped to her feet and sprinted forward, with Ray close on her heels. As they crossed the street, they looked up and down but there was no sign of the second vehicle.
They ran around the burning wreck, and up the driveway of the next house. Keeping left between the buildings, they continued to make their way to the other side of the block. Once again they approached the street in a narrow alleyway between two houses.
Ray ran forward to peek around the corner while Gina dropped to one knee and assumed a firing position with the launcher to her shoulder. Careful not to draw any unwanted attention, Ray peeked around the corner. There was no sign of the vehicle in the empty street.
He was about to pull his head back, when the second Humvee turned the corner at the top of the street. They had seen the blast and smoke of the first vehicle, and came to investigate.
“Here they come,” Ray said and rushed to Gina’s side to get out of the way.
Gina grabbed a tighter hold of the launcher and aimed at the street where the vehicle would emerge. This time the gunner was wide awake and aimed the machine gun at their side of the street.
When the vehicle moved into sight, the two groups noticed each other at the same time. Gina had to adjust her aim, which gave the gunner time to swing the .50 caliber Browning machine gun in their direction, and press the firing button.
With bullets slamming into the wooden wall above her, Gina pressed the trigger of the launcher. With horror in his eyes, Ray watched the row of bullets edging ever closer to Gina. The moment the launcher fired, he dove forward.
His timing was so close, that he felt the heat of the blast as his shoulder slammed into Gina’s side. The rocket barely cleared the tube, but it was enough to fly straight to the vehicle. For a split second the gunner’s eyes widened. He released the gun and tried to raise his arms for protection, but it was too late.
The rocket slammed into the vehicle between the front and back seats. The powerful blast lifted the Humvee and flipped it into the air. All three occupants of the vehicle were dead before the wreck landed on its roof.
In the alley, two bodies crashed to the ground. Ray rolled over Gina and threw a protective arm over her as splinters and pieces of wood rained down on them. When the debris stopped, he rolled over and came to a sitting position.
He stared at the burning wreck before he glanced toward Gina.
“You did it,” he shouted excited, but there was no reply from Gina.
She lay on her stomach and didn’t move. He grabbed her shoulder and rolled her onto her back. Blood ran down the side of her head where she was hit by a piece of debris. Ray frowned when she didn’t open her eyes.
A patch of blood soaked her uniform down her right side. Ray scrambled to his knees.
“No, Gina!” he cried and grabbed her by the shoulders, but she remained silent.
Ray was about the lift her uniform to inspect her wound, when a brilliant flash of light engulfed him. His body slumped forward and he dropped to the ground with one arm draped over Gina’s body. Through the noise of their own battle, they never heard the siren.

*****

While Ray and Gina ran to cut off the Humvees, Sam sprinted toward the Command Center.  A tank shell exploded into a building to his left, knocking him off balance, showering him with pieces of mortar and wood.
Once he regained his footing, he resumed his run. The Command Center was six blocks away. Behind Sam, the bombardment of the tanks increased as they neared the barricade.  As Sam ran across the empty parking lot of the hospital, a volley of explosion shook the ground.
The advancing force aimed most of the tanks at the barricade and adjacent buildings to clear a way into town. Sam rounded the last corner and the Command Center building appeared half a block away.
“Billy!” Sam yelled, but there was no answer from the youth. When the explosions increased at the barricade, they decided it was time to head to safety. As Sam slid to a halt behind the old air raid siren in front of the Command Center building, a huge explosion to the eastern side of town distracted him for a moment.
Sam swore. If the enemy made it that far already, it could hamper their escape. They might have underestimated the General’s tactics and capabilities. He pushed the thought from his mind, grabbed the handle of the siren, and cranked.
The wailing sound of the siren started as a soft scream, but was quick to build up to a howling crescendo. The sound hurt his ears, but Sam continued to turn the handle for another minute. Satisfied that everybody heard the siren, he let go of the handle and turned to run back toward the barricade.
As he crossed the parking lot of the hospital once more, a second explosion to the east sent another pillar of smoke high into the sky. Sam stared at the smoke, and noticed the sky changed. It turned sulfur yellow. For a moment it almost appeared as if the sun would disappear, but then a bright flash lighted up the sky.
Sam shielded his eyes with his arms, but then an invisible hand knocked him to the ground. The flash lasted ten seconds, and then it was gone. The sky remained a soft white, but the bright light disappeared.
Sam tried to pick himself from the ground, but he was disorientated and toppled over. On the fifth attempt, he managed to stay on his feet, but swayed back and forth. He opened his eyes, but it still burned from the flash. It hurt all the way to the back of his head.
He felt something at the side of his face and touched it with his hand. A thin red line of blood trailed from his ears and stuck to his fingers. Sam realized he could not hear anything. Absolute silence surrounded him. He opened his mouth and screamed, but although he felt the vibration in his neck, everything remained quiet.
Once he became steadier on his feet, he looked to his right, and through blurred vision, made out the outline of the hospital building. He stumbled forward and through the front entrance of the abandoned hospital. Tears streamed down his cheeks from his burning eyes.
He shouldered open the door to the bathroom. In the corner next to the basin was a pitcher of water. He poured some of the liquid into the palm of his hands and splashed it onto his face. Once he washed away the dirt, he poured more water into his hand and lowered his head. He held the hand filled with water over his eye and blinked a few times. The cool water soothed the burning.
He wiped his face with a towel and his vision cleared. When he looked into the mirror, his eyes had a pink rim around them. With his vision, his hearing also returned. Sam ran outside and listened, but heard nothing. For once, even the wind was quiet.
In two minds as to which direction he should be headed, Sam realized the heavy steel doors to the shelter would still be shut. As much as he wanted to check on Linda, the danger was still at the barricade, so he turned and ran towards the southern blockade. Plumes of smoke rose straight up into the air.
As he rounded the last corner before the blockade, he noticed the bodies in the road. Nick, Jake, Terry and the other members of the tank crews were sprawled out in the street. They were on their way from the tanks to their trucks when the wave struck.
Sam stared at the bodies, but there was no sign of movement. With trembling hands he kneeled next to Nick and pressed two fingers against the carotid artery in his neck. Sam swallowed. Blood pumped strongly through Nick’s body. He shook his friend by the shoulders, but Nick remained unconscious.
Sam got up and walked toward the barricade. The advancing tanks blew several holes in their defense, and the big double-decker bus that once formed the main obstruction, laid to the side, toppled over in a pile of crumpled steel. One of the General’s tanks rammed into the barrier, but the engine was quiet. Sam let his eyes sweep over the battlefield. There was no movement. Like Nick, Jake, and the rest of his crew, every single one of the General’s army had been knocked unconscious by the wave.

Chapter 29

Once the wave hit, the tanks stopped dead in their tracks. The two trucks didn’t. One of them transporting the soldiers crashed into the back of a tank. At the time of impact, all the soldiers were already unconscious. The driver went through the windscreen and landed on top of the tank. Several bodies were flung from the back, and laid sprawled out in the dirt.
The second truck continued to roll forward and stopped against the side of a building to the right. The occupants were luckier than their fellow soldiers on the other truck. By the time the truck reached the building, it ran out of speed and hit the wall with a gentle nudge.
Sam stared at the scene in wonder. For the moment the threat to the town was neutralized, but if the soldiers woke up, even without the use of the tanks, they were still armed and posed a danger.
As Sam ran back to Nick and the others, the numbness in his ears subsided and his hearing returned to normal. He dropped down on his knees next to Nick, and shook him once more. If he could wake his friends, they could disarm the soldiers before they woke.
No matter how hard he shook the unconscious body, Sam was unable to wake Nick. He tried Jake and Terry, but they too remained unconscious. He even splashed water on their faces, but they still didn’t move.
Unsure as to how long the soldiers would remain unconscious, Sam ran to his truck and retrieved two packets of cable ties from the glove compartment. Running back towards the tanks, he tried to determine which tank was commanded by General Jacobs.
Only one tank had its commander’s hatch open. A body hungthrough the opening and was draped over the side of the tank. Sam jumped on top of the vehicle. General Jacobs hit his head on the side of the hatch when he slumped forward. The communication helmet took the brunt of the blow, but he still had a bruise to the left side of his face.
Sam removed the helmet and pulled the General from the hatch. He dropped him next to the tank before he jumped down and tied the man’s hands and feet with cable ties. Sam lifted the General onto his shoulders and carried him to where Nick lay.
For the next hour, Sam gathered the rest of the unconscious soldiers. From the scene of the accident, eleven soldiers were killed and some badly hurt, but Sam didn’t pause long enough to care. He checked for a pulse, and if they were alive, he tied their hands and feet and dragged them to a clearing where he laid them side-by-side.
When all the soldiers were accounted for, Sam realized there were no sign of the two Humvees. He noticed in the dirt where they split off from the main group and followed their tracks to the eastern side of town.
It didn’t take him long to find that the source of the smoke that billowed from between the buildings came from the Humvees. Sam stood with his hands on his hips, trying to determine what happened to the vehicles.
It was then that he noticed the two bodies in the alleyway. As he ran closer, he recognized Ray and Gina. The discarded rocket launcher next to their bodies explained the flaming vehicle.
Sam pulled Ray from Gina and noticed the pool of blood. He felt for a pulse. The scout was still alive. He turned to Gina and placed his hand against her neck. Her pulse was faint.
He lifted her uniform. A bullet punched a hole in her side. When Ray fell with his arm draped over her, the pressure on the wound minimized the blood loss. Sam knew enough about wounds to realize he had to stop the bleeding or she would die.
He sprinted back to where his truck was parked. Behind the backseat was a medical kit. Sam grabbed it and was about to turn to run back when a thought struck him. He lifted the hood and reconnected the battery.
He jumped into the cab and turned to key. The engine turned over and the truck sprung to life. In a cloud of dust, Sam took off to where Gina lay. After he cleaned the wound, he applied a pad and wrapped it tightly with a bandage to put pressure on the wound.
Sam was well aware that under normal circumstances one would not move the body, but no one would come to help. He had to take Gina to help for her to survive. He grabbed a blanket from the back seat and spread it out on the back. He lifted her with care, and loaded her onto the blanket.Next he grabbed Ray, and dumped him onto the back next to Gina.
“Hang on, girl. I’ll find you some help,” Sam said.
He jumped into the truck and took off in the direction of the school.
With a wounded Gina in the back of the truck, he could not drive as fast as he wanted. As he drove down the street toward the school, Sam’s mind tried to process the information. Somehow the plasma wave knocked everyone in town unconscious, everyone but him.
What made him so special? He knew about the wave. Did someone prepare him and somehow made him immune against its effects? Sam touched the side of his face where the thin line of blood from his ears was earlier.
“Well, not totally immune,” he muttered.
He smacked the steering wheel in frustration. “Why the hell can’t I remember? It would make everything so much easier.”
Sam brought the truck to a gentle stop in front of the school. He jumped out and ran to the back.  Making sure she still had a pulse, he then checked the wound. The bleeding stopped for the moment, but he knew she needed urgent attention. Gina had lost a lot of blood.
Once satisfied that Gina was stable, Sam turned and ran into the school building and down the steps to the basement. The two solid steel gray doors were closed and secured.
Using the palms for his hands, Sam hammered against the door.
“Linda, it’s me, open the doors,” he yelled.
After five minutes of hitting and yelling, he realized the doors would not open. Up to that point, he had hoped that being underground would have shielded them against the blast of the wave, but it knocked them unconscious too.
Sam yelled at the door in frustration, knowing that there was no way to open the blast doors from the outside. How long would everyone still be unconscious? Contemplating his best option, he realized it was best to be present when the soldiers started to wake.
Running up the steps and outside, he retrieved another blanket from one of the rooms, and spread it at the bottom of the steps. He then ran back to the truck, taking the stairs three at a time. Gina lay in the hot sun and he had to get her into the shade.
Sam carried her down the steps and laid her on the blanket. He stared up at the gray doors. If someone woke up and opened the doors, they would find Gina and give her help. The only other person left in town with sufficient medical experience, was Lilly West, and she was unconscious on the other side of the steel doors.
When he rescued his people from Alexandria, he rescued her too, not knowing that she might well save someone’s life in the future. Sam made sure Gina was comfortable, and then sprinted back up the stairs.
He jumped into the truck and took off toward the barricade. Only when he rounded a corner and heard a loud bang in the back of the truck, did he realize an unconscious Ray was still back there.
He looked into the mirror. “Oops, sorry, Ray.”
When he stopped where he left Nick and the rest, everyone was still unconscious.
“How long are you planning to sleep?” Sam asked, but Nick didn’t answer.
The bright sun was hot and sweat dripped from Sam’s face. Leaving the bodies in the heat was not a good idea. Sam found a shady spot in the shadow of one of the nearby buildings, and dragged his friends into the shade. He also moved Ray from the truck.
When he lowered him from his shoulders to the ground, Ray slipped from his sweaty hands and landed with a thud against the wall.
Sam shook his head. “Sorry, buddy. You’re not having a good day.”
Next, Sam grabbed the body of the General and dropped him near Nick and the rest. Not satisfied that the cable ties will hold the man, Sam retrieved a rope from Jake’s truck and continued to wrap General Jacobs in a tight cocoon.
“Let’s see you get out of that,” he said, satisfied with his handiwork.
While Sam waited, he went around and collected all the weapons and ammunition he could find. From the tanks and the trucks, he collected a hundred and eighteen M16s, several 9mm pistols, an assortment of knives, and filled a few crates with hand grenades.
When the task was completed, Sam stood with his hands on his hips. There was still no sign that the people would wake soon. How long will they be out? He walked up and down, checking on his friends every so often, but they remained in a deep sleep.
Eventually Sam got tired of walking in the hot sun, and found a spot in the shade. He made himself comfortable, leaning with his back against the wall. He swapped his Winchester for one of the M16s. Nick showed him how to use one after Alexandria.
Two hours and forty seven minutes after the wave hit, Nick began to stir.
A low groan escaped his lips. The sudden sound took Sam by surprise. He crawled forward on his hands and knees and grabbed Nick by the shoulders.
“Easy with the shaking, you’re going to dislocate my neck,” Nick said. His speech was slurred. 
He sat up and held his head in his hands.“That must’ve been a hell of a party. My head is killing me.”
Nick opened his eyes and looked around.“Where am I?”
His eyes rested on Sam, and it took a few seconds for things to tumble into place in his mind. Nick’s eyes widened and he looked around bewildered.“The attack, what happened?”
Sam pointed toward the barricade. “The wave hit and knocked everyone unconscious. It disabled their vehicles.”
Nick rubbed a hand over his head when a thought struck him. He jumped to his feet, and immediately fell over again, and landed on his knees. 
Sam grabbed him by an arm and helped him up.“Take it easy. Give it a few minutes for the dizziness to wear off.”
Next to them, Jake, Terry, and Ray also began to stir. 
Nick stared into Sam’s eyes and then his eyes grew bigger.“If we’re waking up, so are the soldiers.”
Sam shook his head. “Don’t worry, I took care of them. As soon as you’re feeling up to it, I need you to keep an eye on them.”
Nick looked around and then noticed the uniformed man wrapped in ropes. He chuckled. “I doubt he’s going anywhere.”
Jake and Terry sat up while Nick retrieved his weapon where Sam leaned it against the wall.
“What happened? Feels like I’ve been run over by a freight train,” Ray moaned.
Sam shrugged and avoided the scout’s eyes. “It beats me. I found you and Gina near two blown-up Humvees.”
“Yeah, we had to cut them off before …,” Ray paused as memories flooded his muddled mind. He jumped to his feet, but lost his balance and stumbled into the wall. Using the building for support, he pushed himself upright and looked around.
“Where’s Gina? Is she alright?” His voice was filled with concern, and for the first time since Sam met the quiet scout, there was panic in Ray’s eyes.
Sam paused for a moment. “Last time I saw her she was still alive, but she’s wounded and lost a lot of blood. I took care of the wound as best I could, and managed to stop the bleeding.”
Ray’s voice was a whisper. “Where’s she?”
“I took her to the school and laid her in front of the doors to the shelter. They were closed and I presume all the people inside were also knocked unconscious. I left her there. With Doc in Little Rock and Fay in Dumas with the medical equipment, Lilly’s the only one left in town with enough medical knowledge to help her, and she’s inside the shelter.”
“I need to go to her,” Ray said and stumbled forward.
Sam pointed at his truck. “Take my truck. It still works.”
Without a second thought about anything else, Ray jumped in the pickup and took off in the direction of the school. Nick helped Jake to his feet, while Terry and the others also stirred.
“How long were we out?” Jake asked.
Sam handed Jake an M16. “Almost three hours.”
Nick looked around him and realized Sam must’ve been awake a while.“How long have you been awake?”
Sam shook his head. “The wave knocked me down but I didn’t lose consciousness. I found the General and wrapped him. I also tied up all the soldiers, but we better go check on them.”
Jake stepped forward and kicked the General in the side of the head. The man’s limp body fell over.
“What did you do that for?” Nick asked.
“That was in case he wanted to wake up and have some stupid idea,” Jake answered.
“Terry, keep an eye on our guest, but don’t kick him. I need to ask him a few questions when he wake up,” Sam said and threw an accusing glance Jake’s way. Jake inspected his weapon, and pretended to ignore the comment, but couldn’t hide a slight smile.
Nick and Jake followed Sam through the battered barricade. The soldiers lay in neat rows side-by-side. They started to wake, but found their hands and feet bound.
“You were busy,” Jake said.
Sam shrugged. “I had a lot of time to pass.Watch them, but try not to kill anyone.”
Nick frowned. “Where are you going?”
“I need to go check on the people in the shelter,” Sam said over his shoulder.
Nick and Jake looked at each other. Sam was concerned for the people, but they both knew the real reason for his concern. Linda. Sam would not feel at ease until he knew she was alright. 

Chapter 30

At the top of the steps, Sam heard voices from down below. His heart jumped, and he took the steps three at a time. When he reached the bottom landing, the scene unfolded in front of him.
Lilly was bent over Gina, working to get a drip in her arm. Next to her, Ray was on his knees, holding her hand, his face filled with concern. Sam sighed. At least Gina was still alive.
Ray already informed Linda that Sam was fine, but when she noticed him running down the steps, her face lit up, and it flooded her features.
“Sam!” she cried, took two steps forwards, and then they were in each other’s arms. For a moment the rest of the world disappeared, and they were the only two people in the universe.
Sam held her tight to his chest, her tears soaking his shirt.
“I was so worried about you,” Linda said.
Sam tilted her chin with his index finger, and then their lips melted together. When he lifted his head, he smiled down at her.“I am so glad to see you’re okay. I almost broke my fists trying to get that blasted door open.”
She gave a wry smile. “Well, at least we know they’re sturdy and can keep us safe in an emergency.”
Sam glanced at the form on the floor. “How’s Gina doing?”
Her usual dark complexion was pale. Black circles formed around her closed eyes.
Lilly looked up at Sam.“She’s stable for now, but I can’t do anything for her here. I suspect she could have internal bleeding. We need to get her to the hospital, and we need Doc.”
Ray stood up. “I’ll go get him.”
Sam shook his head. “No, that would take too long. She might not have that much time. Ray, get your squad mobile. Load her onto the backseat of my truck, and drive her to Little Rock.”
Ray nodded, barked an order, and the rest of his squad followed him up the stairs. One guy ran to the hospital to fetch a stretcher, while the rest worked on getting two trucks ready for the trip to Little Rock.
Most of the citizens were still inside the shelter. Through the doorway, dozens of eyes peered at the scene on the floor, but they gave Lilly space to work.
“How are things outside? Is the town still there?” Janine asked as she walked towards them.
Sam nodded. “It’s a little dinged, but remained intact. We have to rebuild the southern barricade, but lucky for us, the wave stopped the General before he could do too much damage.”
Janine smiled at Sam and gave him a hug.“So glad to see you’re still in one piece.”
Linda watched her sister, but she felt no jealousy. Linda and Janine were family, and Sam was now part of that.
Sam looked around. “Where’s Frank?”
Janine pointed to the shelter. “He’s still inside. When we all dropped unconscious, he fell with his head against the side of a table.”
Sam frowned. “Is he alright?”
“He’ll be fine. His bruised jaw will heal, but I’m not so sure about his ego. At his age things tend to take longer to heal.”
Before Sam could answer, he heard a growl behind him.
“There’s nothing wrong with my age,” Frank said and glared at Janine, who smiled her best innocent smile.
“What’s happening outside?” Frank asked.
“When the wave hit, it disabled the tanks and knocked out all the soldiers. I was able to secure them all before they regained consciousness. Nick and the others are keeping an eye on them.”
Janine frowned. “Wait a second, weren’t you knocked out too?”
All the stares made Sam uncomfortable. He ran a hand through his hair then looked at Linda. “No, it knocked me down, and I was left disorientated, but didn’t lose consciousness. The flash hurt my eyes and did something to my ears because I couldn’t hear for a while.”
Frank shook his head. “Sam, you’re one tough dude. Not even a plasma wave can knock you down.”
Linda moved next to Sam and she slipped an arm around him. “It is lucky for us that you did stay awake. If those soldiers woke up they could’ve caused a lot of damage.”
Sam nodded. “I know. That’s why I made sure to tie them up before they regained consciousness.”
Janine was still a police officer at heart. Her detective instincts were as strong as ever.
She stared at Sam.“The plasma wave knocked all of us unconscious. Even the people that were underground didn’t escape the effects. You were right in the open, and caught the brunt of the wave, yet remained conscious. I wonder why.”
Sam stared at Janine. His shy smile was almost one of embarrassment. “Janine, I’ve been asking myself that same question. We all know that I’ve had knowledge of the wave. Maybe the people who I worked with gave me some sort of vaccine against the effects. Unfortunately I lost my marbles and can’t remember a thing about it.”
Janine stepped forward and placed a hand on Sam’s arm. “Sam, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make it sound like an accusation. You’ve been nothing but helpful to everyone in this town. If it weren’t for you, none of us would be here right now. I’m just curious and sometimes my inquisitive nature overrules my common sense.”
Sam smiled, but his eyes reflected sadness. Sometimes his amnesia was a blessing, but more than anyone else in town, he would have liked to know about his past. Every time something happened to him that no one could explain, it only raised more questions without answers.
Footsteps coming down the stairs in a hurry interrupted the awkward moment. Ray hurried down followed by two guys carrying a stretcher. He wasted no time, and with the help of Sam and Frank, moved Gina onto the stretcher.
He turned to Sam. “We’re ready to go.”
Sam placed a hand on his shoulder. “Good luck and stay safe. As soon as we get things settled here, I’ll come to Little Rock.”
They watched the procession disappear up the stairs, and then Sam turned to the rest. “Frank, I think it’s safe for the people to return to their homes. Send word to Dumas that they can return with the equipment. Ask someone to check on the farm. I still have a few things to tend to before Linda and I can return.”
Frank entered the shelter to give the people instructions to return to their homes. 
Sam turned to Linda.“I have to take care of the soldiers.”
She nodded. “I’ll be at Janine’s house when you’re done.”
When Sam returned to the ruins that was once their southern barricade, all the soldiers were awake. General Jacobs was also conscious, his left ey e swollen shut where Jake kicked him. 
He glared at Sam through his one good eye.“What are you going to do with my soldiers?”
Sam looked at the man with a bemused look on his face. Even as a prisoner, the General hadn’t lost his arrogance.
Nick and Jake gathered the soldiers and made them sit in a large circle. Their squad members, now all armed with M16s, formed a circle around the prisoners and kept a watchful eye on them.
Sam turned to the General. “I haven’t yet decided. In this group, who’s your second in command?”
General Jacobs lifted his chin with a stubborn set to his eyes, but did not say a word. Sam lifted an eyebrow in amusement, then shook his head and walked over to the circle of soldiers.
“Who’s second in charge?” he asked the group, but nobody moved.
Sam let his eyes glide over the group. Several soldiers wore corporal stripes. He even noticed a sergeant, but as far as he could see, there was only one other officer present. With a casual stroll, Sam walked in the direction of the officer.
The man in his late thirties, with dark hair and thick bushy eyebrows, stared at the ground.
“How about you, Lieutenant? Are you second in charge?” Sam asked.
The man glared at Sam through his thick brows, and then made his way to his feet, struggling against his bounds.
“Yes, I am second in command,” the man said in a deep voice.
For a moment Sam looked into the man’s dark brown eyes. The lieutenant was a man that followed orders, but he was not a cruel man. He followed orders to survive in this harsh new world, and sometimes in carrying out those orders, he had to do things that went against his morals, but he did them anyway. Failure to do so would have resulted in his immediate death.
“What’s your name, Lieutenant?” Sam asked his voice soft and even.
The lieutenant stared at Sam. After the rescue in Alexandria, rumors had spread around the city among the soldiers about the leader of White River. The rumors made him out to be a savage, wild man, but the man that looked back at him, was neither savage nor wild.
“I am Lieutenant Roland Wiseman.”
Sam nodded. “Well, Lieutenant Wiseman, as soon as we can get you some working transport, you’ll be back on your way home.”
The soldier glanced toward his leader. “What about General Jacobs?”
Sam stared at the bound General, and then looked at the soldier. “I’m afraid he won’t accompany you. He’s caused us too many problems already.”
The Lieutenant swallowed hard. “What do you plan to do with him?”
Sam shook his head. “I haven’t decided yet.”
“But you’re letting the rest of us go?”
Sam stared at the lieutenant. The soldier’s eyes were filled with uncertainty and mistrust. Sam sighed. Having spent too much time under the command of the general would do that to any soldier. Lieutenant Wiseman contemplated for a moment, not sure if he should ask the question.
“What happens if Major Bradley decides to mount another attack on your town to rescue the General?”
That question gave Sam two answers to questions of his own. He now knew the name of the man that was left in charge back in Alexandria, and the soldiers still had the capability to launch an attack on them.
Sam shrugged. “If your major is that foolish, then many soldiers will die for nothing. We don’t want a war with you and wish to be left alone, but if it is a war you want …” Sam paused and waved at all the tanks, “then we have plenty of ammunition to give you one.”
The lieutenant smiled and shook his head.“They don’t work anymore.”
Sam removed his hat and wiped the sweat away. They got used to the ever-present wind that helped to keep them from overheating. Since the wave hit, there was no wind. It was as if they were in an empty pocket of space.
“We still have the computer chips from when we stole the other three tanks in Alexandria, so apart from our own three tanks, we can get fifteen others to work. The remaining two still have enough manual firepower to give you a headache. So, that gives us a total of twenty tanks. How many do you have?” Sam asked.
Even in the heat, the lieutenant turned pale. Mounting an attack against twenty fully armed M1A1 Abrams tanks, with nothing more potent than a few Humvees, would be suicide.
Lieutenant Wiseman nodded. “I will inform the major that any such notion would be foolish.”
Sam slapped his hands together. “Fabulous. Now let’s find a way to get you home.”
He turned to one of the men that stood to the side. “See if you can find Gus Haney. Tell him we need a big enough truck to transport a hundred and seventeen soldiers back to Alexandria.”
The man nodded and took off towards the shelter. An hour later Gus arrived with a big Volvo truck, pulling a large, long haul trailer.
“This is the best I can do on such short notice,” Gus said. He walked around the back and opened the double doors. “At least they won’t suffocate in here. The two air conditioners inside will give them plenty of air and keep them cool.”
Nick looked at the soldiers. “You’re going home in style.”
Sam turned to Lieutenant Wiseman. “Do you have someone who can drive this rig?”
The soldier nodded. “Yes, I can. Before I became a soldier I used to drive these for a living.”
Sam smiled. “Excellent, lieutenant, let’s get your men loaded. I hope for your sake we never see each other again.”
The soldiers lined up behind the truck. Nick and Jake removed the bounds from their feet, but kept the soldiers’ hands tied. The bodies of the dead were loaded first. Although they were considered the enemy, Nathan, Edward and Terry treated them with care and respect.
Several of the soldiers in line traded glances. They did not expect that kind of respect toward their dead. Terry and the others were once all soldiers that served the same country, and although their circumstances changed, they would always remain soldiers at heart.
Once everyone was loaded in the back of the truck, Nick and Jake closed the doors. Sam took a pair of wire cutters and cut the cable ties from Lieutenant Wiseman’s wrists and feet. When done, he handed him the pliers.
“When you’re well clear of White River, you can cut your men free, but don’t stop until the escort lets you go.”
Ernie Hanson and Chester Fellows, with their squads now all armed with M16s, provided the escort. Sam instructed them to accompany the truck at least a hundred kilometers on the road back to Alexandria.
They watched the truck leave, and then Nick turned to Sam.“What you’re going to do with him?”
Sam stared at the General, who still had an arrogant smirk on his face. A heavy feeling settled on Sam’s shoulders. He was well aware that as long as the General was alive, he remained a threat to the town. General Jacobs was not a man that listened to reason. He would follow his own way and was ruled by his ego, even if it led to his grave.
Lifting the General to his feet, Sam stared into the cold, hatred-filled eyes. Nothing he said would change the man. 
Sam sighed.“There’s only one thing to do. Hand me a weapon.”

Chapter 31

Carrying his weapon in his left hand, Sam grabbed the General by the arm. He knew what had to be done, and that he had to be the one to do it. Sam would not shove that kind of responsibility onto someone else.
When the General noticed the hard set of Sam’s eyes, the bemused smile left his lips, and the look of arrogance disappeared from his face. It was replaced with worry and panic. The games were over.
Sam removed the rope, but left the soldier’s hands and feet tied. He set the General in a clearing and stepped back ten paces. Taking a deep breath, he tried to still the shaking in his hands. Since he came to town, a number of raiders died by his hands, but most were in self defense. Now he was about to shoot a man in cold blood.
As long as General Jacobs was alive, he would remain a threat to White River and its people. The only way to eliminate the threat was to remove the man. Had Sam asked, several people would have volunteered for the task, but shooting an unarmed man was not something he would ask of anyone.
Sam lifted the rifle to his shoulder when he heard footsteps in the sand behind him. He turned his head and peered over his shoulder. Nick, Jake, Terry, and the Sharp brothers walked in a line and took position next to him.
“What the hell are you doing?” Sam asked.
“This is not a burden you should carry alone,” Nick said.
Sam looked at the others and they all nodded. Arguing with them would be futile. The General stared at the group with a blank expression on his face. Whether he realized that to plead for his life would be meaningless, or whether he thought pleading was beneath him, he didn’t say a word.
Sam lifted his rifle.“Ready.”
There was absolute silence. Fifty meters back at the barricade, a group of people gathered to watch.
“Aim.”
Everyone took aim at the General’s chest. In that final moment, fear leapt into the General’s eyes. His disregard for human life had caught up to him.
“Fire!”
Six shots rang out almost as one, and six bullets slammed into General Eugene Jacobs’ chest. The force of the impact threw him back, but when he landed on the ground, his body didn’t move.
Sam stepped forward. Blood from the wounds soaked into the sand. Lifeless eyes filled with horror stared up into the sky. Sam bent down and closed the General’s eyes. 
He turned toward his friends, his eyes filled with tears.“Can someone please fetch me a shovel? I need to bury him.”
“Sam, don’t worry. We’ll take care of it,” Nathan said, but Sam shook his head.
“This is on me. I have to do it.”
Nick turned towards the watching crowd.“Someone, get us six shovels.”
“Where do you want to bury him?” Jake asked.
Sam stared at the open ground outside the city. An area once filled with trees and greenery, was now nothing but sand and rocks.
“Out there,” he said.
A young man, not yet out of his teens, returned with six shovels. They each grabbed one, and handed their weapons to the youngster. They lined up next to the body, then all grabbed a hold, and together they carried the corpse five hundred meters away into the desert.
“This will do,” Sam said, and they laid the body down. Although the General was the source of much of their pain, they still respected the dead.
Taking turns, they started to dig. Occasionally they had to remove a rock before they could proceed. Due to the lack of water, the sand was rather hard, and by the time the hole was deep enough, all six men’s faces glistened with sweat.
There were no complaints and no chatter. Even Nick and Jake refrained from their usual banter. Sam tied a rope around the body, and then they lowered it into the grave. They didn’t bother to retrieve the rope and let the end pieces fall into the hole.
There was no one to say goodbye. No last words, no one to shed a tear for the loss of a loved one. The General’s body was alone in its last resting place. Sam picked up a shovel and started to fill the hole. Nick and the others joined in.
Dirt hit the body and settled into place. As the hole filled, the people of White River closed a chapter in their existence. The soldiers that returned to Alexandria would report to their new commander, Major Bradley that General Eugene Jacobs would not return.
Although Major Bradley would continue to abuse the people of Alexandria for his own gain, he would make sure his soldiers stayed far away from White River.
When the six people walked back towards town, each with a shovel in hand, not a word was said. The incident and the death of the general would never be discussed again.
When Sam reached what was left of the barricade, Frank waited. The Commander quietly observed the execution with the rest of the people. He understood Sam’s decision and the need to get rid of the general.
Sam stopped in front of Frank, and he couldn’t hide the pain in his eyes from him, but Frank didn’t say a word about the execution.
“What are we going to do about the barricade?” Frank asked.
Sam slapped him on the shoulder. “I’m sure you’ll come up with something good.”
He then turned to Jake. “What did you do with those computer chips for the tanks?”
Before Jake could answer, one of the tanks to their left roared to life. Several people moved away, their faces filled with panic.
“Relax, it’s only Terry testing to see if the computer chips still work,” Nick said.
Frank glared at him. “Thanks for the heads up.”
Nick grinned back at him. 
“Well, it seems like you two have everything under control here. I need to find Linda and then we’re headed to Little Rock,” Sam said.
Without a further word, he strolled away. Nick and Frank stared at his back.
“I’m glad he is on our side,” Nick said.
Frank nodded. “Without him, we wouldn’t have survived this long.”
As Sam climbed the steps onto the porch at Janine’s house, the door flew open and Linda rushed out and into Sam’s arms. She heard about the execution and knew how hard it would be on Sam.
Linda didn’t say a word about the event, but through her body that pressed against his, she offered him support. He drew strength from her presence, and by the time they stepped apart, the pain was less evident in his eyes.
“Are you up for a trip to Little Rock?” Sam asked.
Linda nodded. “Yes. I’m worried about Gina. But that is not the only reason why you want to go?”
Sam shook his head. “The effect of the plasma wave was much worse than I thought it would be. I’m worried about Tim. I had a look at some of the electronics that was on at the time, and the wave fried them. I hope Doc’s Faraday cage protected that pacemaker in Tim’s chest.”
Linda’s hand flew to her mouth. “I forgot about them.”
Regret filled Sam’s eyes. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you. There’s so much going on at the moment, it’s hard to keep track of everything.”
She placed a hand on his chest. “No need to apologize. You have more than anyone else on your plate. I’ll be ready to leave in ten minutes.”
While Linda went inside to pack some provisions, Sam walked to the Command Center. Ray left with his truck, so he had to arrange alternate transport. Janine was the only person in the Command Center when Sam entered the building. She sat behind her old desk.
“Missing it?” Sam asked.
Janine sighed. “Sometimes. When this was my office, life was so much less complicated. I know who the trouble makers were, and who to look out for. Now the lines are so blurred. People who are suppose to be the good guys turn evil. You just can’t trust anybody anymore.”
Sam nodded. “I suppose it was a lot easier back then. Well, except for when a stranger with no memory strolled into your town.”
Janine’s smile at the memory lit up her face. “Yes, that was quite something. For days you were the talk of the town.”
Sam grinned. “Until they wanted to run me out.”
Janine laughed. “Yeah, that was a simple misunderstanding. It happens.”
Sam’s face turned serious once more. “Are you up for escort duty? I want to go check on Doc and Tim, and make sure Gina’s alright.”
Janine nodded. “I had Tim on my mind before you walked in.”
Sam nodded. That explained the concerned look on her face when he entered. 
She got up from behind the desk and headed for the door.“When do you want to leave?”
“If we leave as soon as possible, we can still make it there before dark.”
“We’ll be ready in ten minutes.”
The answer made Sam smile. That was the same answer Linda gave him.
“Oh yes, I need another truck. Ray took off with mine.”
“No problem. I’ll have one ready to go when you want to leave,” she said and exited the building.
Sam gathered extra ammunition for his new M16, but took his old trusted Winchester along. True to their word, ten minutes later the Carter sisters were ready to leave.
People used to line the street to bid them farewell. In an unpredictable and dangerous world, it was a gamble to leave the safety of the town. Their safe return was not guaranteed.
That time however, when Sam led the convoy out, the streets were empty. Most people didn’t even know about their trip. They were busy returning to their homes to assess if there was any damage down, either by the battle or the plasma wave.
Linda glanced at the backseat. After some consideration, they decided to bring Pedro along. With nobody left in White River that he felt comfortable around, they thought it best to bring him along. Besides, Sam doubted they would encounter any trouble. The area hadn’t seen any raider activity in months.
As Sam suspected, the drive to Little Rock was uneventful. The trucks from the escort had to hang back farther than normal because of the dust. In the year before the wave struck, they got used to the ever-present wind that blew night and day. Since the wave, an eerie calm had settled over the land.
The dust kicked up by the truck’s tires, used to blow away quickly. Now, with no wind, it hovered in the air. By the time the third truck drove past, a thick curtain of sand particles made visibility near impossible. The people on the back of the trucks all wore protective glasses and had their noses and mouths covered with their bandanas.
Near sundown, the convoy entered the city of Little Rock. Once a proud city, most of the buildings now lay in ruins. During the height of the raider era, a raider party holed up there for a few months and caused a lot of destruction.
Sam and the rest approached the gray, concrete medical building, one of a few in the area that remained intact. At the main entrance, sealed off by a solid door that could withstand a nuclear blast, there was evidence that the raiders tried to blow the doors open. Black scorch marks were visible on the door, but the explosions had no effect on the solid barrier.
Sam drove around back through a narrow alleyway between two other buildings to reach the hidden courtyard. Several vehicles were parked out of sight from the street, including his own truck that Ray used. Being there before, Sam knew where the hidden door was located.
To the casual observer, the brick wall ahead of them looked like any other wall, but it was a false front that concealed the entrance. As the group approached, there was a loud click, followed by a loud hydraulic hiss, and then the door swung open.
It was not visible from the ground, but the entire roof of the three-story building was covered with solar panels, which kept the security systems and other vital areas of the complex running.
The people in the security room knew they were there when the convoy approached the building. A worried looking Ray stood in the doorway.
“Glad you could make it,” he said with a strained voice.
“How’s Gina?” Sam asked.
“In surgery. Doc says he doesn’t know how she’s still alive. She has internal damage, which he’s trying to fix now.”
Once everyone was inside, the thick steel door closed behind them. Ray led them up to the medical wing. As they entered the patient area, Sam noticed three beds. People were connected to monitors.
On the bed closest the door, was Mayor Timothy Ryan. When Sam pushed through the door, he opened his eyes and a huge smile filled his face.
“Sam! I hope you bring news that my town’s still in one piece.”
Sam smiled. “Tim, I’m glad to see you’re still alive, and don’t worry. White River is a little beat up, but it’s still there.”
“What happened to you?” Linda asked.
Timothy Ryan placed a hand on his heart and gave a deep breath.
“When your wave struck, it knocked us all unconscious. When we woke up, the three of us in the Faraday room were weak and couldn’t stand on our own. Doc said our pacemakers took a jolt, but remained operational. He put us here and hooked us to these machines to keep an eye on us. That room sure saved our lives.”
Sam patted that mayor’s arm. “Aren’t you glad you listened to me?”
Tim nodded and his face was filled with sincere gratitude. “Thanks, Sam. We owe our lives to you.”
Sam shuffled his feet. “It was Doc’s idea.”
Before anything else could be said, a door swung open down the hall, and two people dressed in hospital scrubs, pushed a bed into the ICU ward. Doc hooked up all the equipment and made sure his unconscious patient was settled.
Sam, Linda and Ray watched through the glass area. When Doc noticed them, he strolled through the swing door. He was dressed in scrubs and had a white bandage wrapped around his head.
He looked at Sam and pointed to his head. “This is all your fault!”

Chapter 32

Sam stared at the doctor. Doc Percy could always mask his true feelings well, which made him a good poker player, but not an easy person to understand.
“What’s my fault?” Sam asked.
Doc pointed to the bandage around his head. “This?”
Sam frowned. When Doc left White River he was in perfect health. How could something that happened hundreds of kilometers away possibly be his fault?
“When your wave struck, we all dropped like flies. I hit my head against the corner of a table. When I woke up, I lay in a pool of my own blood with a terrible head ache.”
Sam threw his arms in the air. “Why does everyone say it was my wave? It was not like I conjured the thing with magic. My name is not Harry Potter. It was the Sun that hurled it our way.”
The smile on Doc’s face made his little round eyes sparkle with delight. He looked at Linda. “He remembers Harry Potter but can’t remember who he is.”
He swung his eyes back onto Sam. “You are easier to blame than the Sun.”
“I still fail to see how that’s my fault,” Sam said.
Doc waved a finger at Sam. “A warning that it would knock us out would’ve been helpful.”
With an incredulous look on his face, Sam placed his hands on his hips.“How on earth was I supposed to know that?”
Doc shrugged. He was not interested in the how.
Sam shook his head. “Well, it was a good thing the wave did knock out everyone. It saved the town.”
“Not everyone,” Janine said.
Doc frowned, and Janine gestured a thumb in Sam’s direction.
“Care to explain that?” Doc asked.
Sam glared at Janine. “We can discuss that later. Right now I want to know about Gina.”
Janine smiled and gave an innocent shrug of her shoulders. The smile on Doc’s face was replaced by a more serious expression.
“The internal damage was not as bad as I initially thought, but still, she’s one heck of fighter. That girl wants to live. She lost a lot of blood, but luckily they kept some in storage here. Ray told me you did the field dressing?”
Sam nodded. “I did.”
Doc rubbed a thumb over his chin. “No doubt, you saved her life. If you didn’t manage to stop the blood when you did, she would’ve been dead long before they got here.”
Sam shrugged. “I had no idea what to do. I grabbed some stuff from the medical bag and applied it the best I could.”
Sam frowned at the strange glint in Doc’s eyes.“What?”
Doc stared at Sam for a moment, and then shook his head. “Sam, I’ve seen a lot of dressings in my life. As a medic in the army, I had to cover a few wounds in the field. I can say one thing for certain, that dressing was applied with expert hands.”
Confusion set onto Sam’s face. “It was probably Lilly. She worked on Gina before Ray brought her here. She’s a nurse, and knows how to apply a bandage.”
Linda stepped forward and placed a hand on Sam’s arm. “Lilly checked the wound, but she said the padding was good and left it like it was.”
Doc held up both his hands and gestured toward Linda. “See, I rest my case.”
Sam frowned. “So what are you saying? That I am some kind of medic now?”
Doc lifted his shoulders. “No, the only ones who I ever observed that can apply padding and bandage with that kind of skill were doctors.”
Shock crossed Sam’s face. “I am a doctor?”
Doc laughed out loud and slapped Sam on the shoulder. “Who knows, you could’ve been one in your previous life.”
A memory crept into Sam’s mind. On their first visit to that medical center he led the mission to retrieve some much needed medicine for the town. The moment he stepped inside the center and caught a whiff of the medical smell, he almost went into a panic. He had to restrain ever muscle in his body not to run out screaming.
If he was a doctor in his previous life, the smell would have been familiar to him, not invoke fear and panic. He did not share that experience with anyone, not even with Linda.
A short laugh escaped Sam’s lips. “Doc, don’t ask me how, but I know for certain that I was not a doctor.”
Doc frowned, but knew Sam well enough not to ask. In the corner, Janine followed the conversation with interest. She watched Sam’s body language. There was much more to Sam’s reaction than he let on. Janine wanted to ask him about it, but that was neither the time nor the place. She had to wait until they were alone.
Doc showed them to a ward down the hall.“Use these beds for the night.”
Once they were settled and had something to eat, Sam waited until Linda fell asleep before he strolled to the waiting room at the end of the passage. A few chairs were scattered around the area, and in the far corner against the wall, stood a vending machine. Someone forced the front open and removed its contents. Next to it was a turned-off coffee machine.
Sam gave a wry smile. Thanks to Linda, he got to like his occasional cup of coffee. He took a seat in the corner. So much had happened the last few days, and it placed such a burden on his shoulders. He just wanted a few moments alone to reflect and relax.
He stretched his long, powerful legs out, and leaned back in the chair. He folded his hands on his stomach and closed his eyes. In his mind, he replayed the conversation he had earlier with Doc.
Every time a conversation like that happened, it added to the confusion about his past. For some reason he knew how to do a lot of things, everything from fixing a wind pump, shooting a rifle, to how to dress a wound.
Then of course, there was the big mystery. He had knowledge of the plasma wave, and the impact it would have on earth. How could he possibly know that if he wasn’t involved with a scientist somewhere?
He had so many questions, but no answers. It was more than a year ago that Doc said his memory might return in flashes, but other than one dream he had about his parents, his memory remained a black void.
“The beds are more comfortable,” a voice interrupted his thoughts.
Sam’s eyes flew open. He must’ve dozed off without realizing it. In the doorway, Janine leaned against the frame with her arms wrapped around her body.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
Sam grinned. “I must be more tired than I thought. I came here to find some peace and quiet.”
Janine took a seat next to him. “It was a hectic few weeks.”
For a moment they sat in silence. Sam sensed that Janine wanted to talk about something, but he didn’t prod. Having a good idea about what, he waited for her to raise the question. 
Five minutes passed before she turned to Sam.“How can you be so sure that you were not a doctor?”
Sam glanced at her and gave a wry smile. Her inquisitive mind would not let it go. He sighed and told her about the first time he stepped into the medical center and his reaction to the smell.
Janine frowned. “And that’s why you know you were not a doctor, because if you were, the smell would’ve been familiar to you.”
“Exactly.” Sam said.
“Have you told Linda about this?”
Sam hung his head. “No. I don’t even understand it, and am not sure how to explain it to her.”
Janine touched his arm. “I suggest you keep it to yourself until you know more. There are already too many unanswered questions around your past.”
With a heavy sigh, Sam ran a hand through his hair. “Don’t I know it?”
For the next two days, while waiting for Gina’s condition to improve, Sam spent much time with his own thoughts. Ever since the moment he recollected the information about the plasma wave, he had been so busy that he didn’t have time to reflect on where that knowledge came from.
Now that he had time to himself and could relax, he probed his mind for information, but after two days of self interrogation, he was still no closer to an answer. His mind remained a dark void in which memories had disappeared.
Standing outside the ICU, he stared through the glass panel. Gina was connected to several machines that monitored her vital signs. A tube protruded from her mouth to assist her breathing. After the blood transfusion, she regained some color to her face.
Doc announced earlier that she remained in critical condition, but that she was stable. Light footsteps came down the hall. Without turning, he knew it was Linda. 
She walked up behind him, and slipped her arms around his waist.“You’ve been very quiet these past two days.”
“I have a lot on my mind,” Sam said.
“I saw you in deep conversation with Doc earlier. Is there a problem with Gina?”
Sam shook his head. “No, she’s stable. We won’t be able to move her back to White River until she’s stronger. That might take a day or two, or a few weeks.”
Sam paused for a moment. “My conversation with Doc was around the issue of my memory. Doc said he found some additional research material here at the center.”
Linda stepped around Sam, and stared into his eyes. “Did he find anything useful?”
Taking a deep breath, Sam let it out slowly. “All the indications are that whatever caused my amnesia did a lot of damage. According to Doc, my chances of remembering anything are slipping away.”
Linda stepped forward and slipped her arms around Sam. “It doesn’t matter. You are the man that I love, and that’s enough for me.”
Sam kissed the top of her head. “Linda, I love you too, but I have this uneasy feeling that what we experienced with the plasma wave is not the end of it.”
Linda took a step back, her face filled with concern. “Do you recall something else?”
A brief look of frustration crossed Sam’s face. “No, but I feel like I should. There’s more to this story, but I have no idea what.”
Linda placed a gentle hand against his face. “Sam, like everything else, you’ll figure it out. Even if you don’t, we’ll handle it. We’ve came this far against all odds.”
A smile formed on Sam’s lips. “You make it sound so much less complicated.”
“Janine once told me that things only get as complicated as I want it to be, and believe me, I was a master at making my life complicated.”
Sam sighed. “You’re right. It won’t help me to fret about something that’s outside my control.”
When Sam returned to the group, there was a visible change to his demeanor. More relaxed, he smiled when he saw Pedro at a table in the corner. Janine found a box with a puzzle in the children’s wing, which kept the youngster occupied.
For the next two days, several times someone had to jump out of the way when Pedro and Sam ran past. Pedro’s delightful laugh could be heard throughout the building. One time when they got too close to ICU, Linda ran to silence them, but Doc stopped her.
“It’s a medical fact that laughter helps patients, and hearing Pedro laugh might help Gina to wake up.”
Whether Pedro’s laugh helped was debatable, but later that afternoon Gina stirred. Ray sat next to her bed reading her a passage from a book he found in the waiting room, when he noticed a difference in the beep of the heart monitor.
Gina’s heart rate increased with a few extra beats per minute. Ray jumped up and stared at the monitor, then swung his gaze to her face. There was a slight flutter of her eyelids. Ray pulled a sharp breath, dropped the book in the chair, and rushed out of the room.
Doc Percy sat in the patient ward playing chess against Tim. They both looked up when Ray burst into the room.
“Doc, I think Gina’s waking up!”
Doc jumped up knocking over the chess board.
“You did that on purpose,” Tim yelled, annoyed. It wasn’t often that he was on the winning side of a chess game against his old friend.
Doc entered the ICU room, looked at the monitors, and noted the increased activity on both the heart and brain monitor.
“I think you’re right,” Doc said excited.
Down the hall, Sam, Linda and Janine heard Ray’s voice, and ran towards the ICU. They stayed outside the room and observed the activity through the glass panel. Doc went to work and removed the breathing pipe from Gina’s mouth.
Several of his patients in the past went into a panic when they woke up with the pipe stuck down their throats. He didn’t want Gina to aggravate her wounds. Shortly after he removed the pipe, Gina’s eyes fluttered open.
She moved her head from side to side, and although she observed the light, everything was a blur. Doc reached for the bed control, and lifted the head end, elevating Gina into a more upright position.
As her vision came into focus, she stared at the stranger. Her lips moved, but only a croak emerged. Doc poured some water from the pitcher next to her bed, and held the glass to her lips. Gina took a few tender swallows and leaned back against the pillows.
  “Where am I?” she asked, her voice sounding groggy.
“You are in a medical center in Little Rock,” Doc said.
Gina’s face turned into a look of confusion. “What happened?”
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Doc asked.
Delving into her memories, she recalled General Sheppard’s request, and the trip to White River. As the events of General Jacobs’ attack unfolded in her mind, alarm set in her eyes. The heart monitor showed an increase in Gina’s heart rate as she remembered the Humvees, and how she and Ray ran to cut them off.
She fired at the second Humvee, and then Ray’s tackle to move her out of the line of fire. As they hit the ground, splinters flew over them. She felt a burning pain in her side, and then the bright flash.
Gina’s eyes filled with anger, and she glared at the doctor. “Who are you?”

Chapter 33

The anger of the woman took Doc by surprise. He held up his hands in defense. He was a stranger to her. When she arrived with Sam in White River, Doc was already holed up in the medical center.
“Take it easy, I mean you no harm. My name is Doctor Percy, but most people just call me Doc.”
Behind the glass, Sam saw what transpired and stepped into the room.
Gina noticed the door opening, and her shoulders relaxed when she saw the familiar face.
“Glad to see you’re awake,” Sam said with a smile.
“Glad to be awake, sir,” Gina said.
Doc frowned at Sam, but he ignored the look. Although Gina’s shoulders relaxed, the worry didn’t leave her eyes. She stared at Sam.
“Ray?” she asked, her voice barely a whisper.
“He’s fine. He spent the night sitting in that chair, reading to you. Doc chased him out earlier. He’s outside waiting for Doc to let him in.”
Gina swung her gaze to the empty chair next to the bed. The book lay on the chair where Ray dropped it earlier. The worry washed from Gina’s face, and a silent tear dripped down her cheek.
She turned her head toward the doctor. “How bad are my wounds?”
“A bullet tore through your side, and you lost a lot of blood. Luckily, Sam found you when he did and managed to stop the bleeding. There was nobody to treat you in White River so Sam sent you here with Ray. You should be up and about in a few weeks,” Doc said.
A grateful smile formed on her lips when she looked at the man who saved her life. “Thank you, sir.”
“No problem,” Sam said. “Besides, I don’t think General Sheppard would take kindly if I got you killed.”
Gina gave a knowing smile. “No, I don’t think he would.”
The door opened behind them and a wide-eyed Ray stepped into the room.
You’re awake,” he said with a huge smile.
Gina’s eyes lit up when she saw him. “Ray!”
He rushed to her side, a shy smile on his lips. “I heard your voice. You had me worried for a while.”
She placed a hand on his. “I was in good hands.”
As Doc was about to leave the room, he was stopped by the sound of Gina’s voice.“Eh, Doc. Thank you.”
He nodded, his smile filled with warmth. “You’re welcome.”
Doc glanced at Sam. “She’s still critical, so only one visitor at a time.”
Sam nodded, and smiled at Gina. “You better get well so we can get you back to Chicago, before General Sheppard comes looking for you.”
Gina sighed and stared into Ray’s eyes. Sam flinched inward, but kept his face blank. The look between the two confirmed his suspicion, they were in love. It would be a huge blow to the town if they lost their top scout. Sam and Doc exchanged a knowing glance, but Ray and Gina did not notice. Their eyes were locked on each other.
When Gina tore her eyes away from Ray, she had made a decision. She fixed her glance on Sam. He could see what she was about to say.
“Sir, if you don’t mind, I would like to stick around for a while. I haven’t had a chance to see much of White River.”
Sam frowned. That was not what he expected. “Eh, I don’t mind, but I think General Sheppard might have a problem if his sergeant doesn’t return to Chicago.”
White River would take a while to shake off the effects from one angry general. Sam had no desire to deal with another so soon. 
Gina’s smile lit up her face.“If I explain to General Sheppard my reason for staying, he would understand.”
Sam stared at Gina. From the moment he met her he knew she had a strong character, but he would never have thought her to be naïve.
Sam didn’t want to be mister doom and gloom, but he had to face reality. “Gina, I’m not familiar with military matters, but I doubt the general will just accept that you stay in White River.”
Gina’s tired laugh filled the room. “Sir, I know it’s not normal military procedure, but we don’t live in a normal world anymore. General Sheppard always wanted what was best for me, and I don’t think this will be any different.”
Sam stared at Gina, whose dark features were striking against the white bedding. He glanced at Doc, who shrugged. It was up to Sam to make the decision. 
He swung his gaze back to the woman on the bed.“What makes you so sure that General Sheppard won’t have a problem with you staying in White River?”
 Gina smiled. “The general’s more than my commanding officer. He’s also my godfather.”
The news took Sam by surprise. “I still fail to see why you would think that the general would agree to you staying in White River.”
Gina stared into Sam’s brilliant blue eyes. “Sir, it might not have appeared that way when you visited Chicago, but it’s a dangerous and miserable place. From what Ray told me about White River, it’s a much better place to live.”
With a deep sigh, Sam ran a hand through his hair. “After the events of the last two weeks, General Sheppard might not agree. You weren’t even a day in White River and you almost got killed.”
Gina smiled. “Sir, in the attack on the town, how many people did you lose?”
Sam shrugged. “A few wounded, but none of our people were killed.”
“Exactly. That is what will impress General Sheppard. How the town can stick together in a crisis and look out for each other. That’s what I want to be a part of,” Gina said and squeezed Ray’s hand. “And of course, I want to be a part of this man’s life.”
Ray flashed a wide smile and stared at Sam with expectant eyes. 
Sam looked at Doc. “It appears I am outnumbered here.”
Holding his hands up, Doc headed for the door. “I’m not getting involved in this one.”
Sam shook his head, a wry smile on his face. He swung his gaze back to Gina. “This is your choice. If you want to stay, then you’re welcome.”
Ray and Gina smiled. He bent down and kissed her. Sam smiled and turned for the door.
“Thank you,” Gina said. She paused for a moment. “Sam.”
Leaving the room, Sam smiled and shook his head. Outside the door, Linda waited for him. 
She placed a hand on his arm.“You did the right thing.”
Two days later Gina was strong enough to travel to White River. Sam sent word back to Fay to send the ambulance. Fay returned to White River with all the equipment that was moved to Dumas in preparation of the attack.
By the time the convoy reached White River, the town was back to normal. Commander Hurley placed one of the two non-operational tanks each at the southern and northern barricades. When one approached the barrier, the sight of the tank would be enough to change your mind if you planned any funny business.
When word reached town that Sam and the rest were on their way back, people lined the streets to welcome them home. They were greeted by a festive atmosphere. People waved and cheered as the slow procession of vehicles made their way to the Command Center.
With the threat of General Jacobs gone, and the plasma wave out of the way, the people of White River had hope of life returning to normal, which for them, meant a quiet and peaceful existence.
As they rounded the corner, the sight of the M1A1 Abrams tanks that were parked in a neat formation in the square across the Command Center, was a formidable one. Sam brought his truck to a stop in front of the building.
“Good to see you again,” Frank greeted him among cheers from the rapid growing crowd.
“Glad to be back,” Sam said.
One for one everyone was greeted. Fay drove the ambulance to the hospital where Gina was unloaded and made comfortable in a room. An extra bed was wheeled in, because Ray would not leave her side.
While Sam and Frank swapped information, Linda took Pedro back to Janine’s house. She would gather all their things. As soon as Sam was done with his discussions with Frank, they would head out to the farm.
Even Pedro was excited to get back to the farm to see all the animals. By the time Sam arrived at Janine’s house, Linda and Pedro were ready to go.
“Where’s Janine?” Sam asked, wanting to thank her.
Linda smiled. “She’s out back saying hello to Terry.”
Sam laughed. “I’ll not be interrupting them then. I can speak to her later.”
Sam loaded the bags into the back of the truck, and then they headed toward the western barricade. Ernie Hanson and his squad waited at the barrier to provide an escort to the farm.
In her hospital room, Gina leaned back into the pillows on her hospital bed. Her heart was still racing after a passionate kiss. 
She laughed.“We better take it easy. If Doc sees this monitor, he might think there’s something wrong with me.”
Ray smiled and then his face turned serious.
“What’s wrong?” Gina asked, the point of her finger tracing the outlines of his jaw.
“As soon as you’re ready to travel, we need to go to Chicago. I need to speak to your godfather about keeping you,” Ray said.
A week later Gina recovered enough that she could travel. Frank made the arrangements for an escort to Chicago. They were due to leave the following morning, but word reached the town that a military convoy was headed their way.
A line of military vehicles was spotted near Memphis by one of the motorcycle scouts. He raced back to White River, giving them a few hours to prepare for their arrival. Frank sent word to the farm. Upon hearing the news, Sam headed to town.
“Are they from Chicago?” Sam asked when he walked into the Command Center.
Frank shrugged. “Lance saw the convoy of six Humvees, one supply truck, and a fuel tanker, just south of Memphis, heading this way.”
“That’s how General Sheppard travels outside the city, in a convoy of six Humvees,” Gina said.
Sam smiled at Gina. “I think your godfather got worried when you didn’t return. Now he’s coming to look for you.”
“He’s always been over protective. At least, this will save us a trip,” Gina said.
Sam glanced at Ray and laughed. “You look worried.”
Ray shifted his feet and tugged at his ear. “I hear he once shot at an unwelcome boyfriend.”
“Don’t worry, you’ll be fine,” Gina said and winked at Sam. They both knew Ray was scared that he wouldn’t live up to the General’s expectations.
“Well, just in case it’s not the General, let’s move six of the tanks toward the barricade,” Sam said.
“If it’s General Sheppard, maybe you should move all the tanks there,” Ray said, looking for backup.
Everyone laughed, but a nervous Ray’s eyes darted around the room.
Two hours later, a cloud of dust was visible to the north. Over the past few days, the wind had returned to a normal bluster, and the dust cloud drifted away to the east. A kilometer from the town, the convoy came to a halt. After a few moments, a lone Humvee approached the barricade.
The vehicle stopped thirty meters from the barrier. The nervous driver looked around as he stared down the barrel of an Abrams tank. The door opened and the impressive frame of General Sheppard stepped into the bright sunlight.
His keen eyes surveyed the barricade, and he noticed several rifle barrels protruding from gaps in the barrier. From behind a small opening, three people stepped out and headed his way. General Sheppard frowned.
Sergeant Alvarez was flanked by Sam and another tall, nervous looking young man. From the way she walked, he could tell something was wrong. She was dressed in jeans and a light blue T-shirt, and from the way her shirt hugged her body, the bandages were visible.
“Good to see you, General,” Gina said and flashed him a smile. “We were about to leave for Chicago when we got word that you were on your way here.”
General Sheppard frowned. “Is that a fact? What happened to you?”
Gina told him how the town was attacked, how she was wounded, and how Sam saved her life. She didn’t mention Little Rock, or gave away any of the town’s secrets. When she finished her story, the General stepped forward and took her in his arms, holding her in a tender embrace.
“I’m so thankful that you’re alright. I was worried sick when you didn’t return.” He offered Sam his hand. “Thank you for looking out for her.”
Sam shook his hand and noticed the firm grip. The General glanced at the barricade and his eyes came to rest on the tank.
“It’s quite a setup you got here. You know that tank is property of the Army?”
Sam smiled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Not anymore. We captured it from that corrupt General Jacobs who stole it from the Army. It now belongs to the White River Defense Force.”
General Sheppard stared at Sam and noticed the hard set of his jaw. The brilliant blue eyes that had a friendly look only moments before, seemed liked it peered into his soul.
“As long as they are painted in that combat colors, people will always think that tank belongs to the Army,” the general said.
Sam shrugged. “I can always have it painted pink if that would make you happy.”
For a moment General Sheppard face had a look of horror. “Don’t you dare,” he hissed.
Gina’s crystal clear laugh broke through the tension and a sheepish grin appeared on Sam’s lips. The general shook his head and smiled. Gina reached for his hand, and led him away from the group. She wanted a few moments alone with her godfather.
While she had a chat with the man that raised her since she was fifteen, Ray looked on in tense anticipation. When the general’s head snapped up and he glared in his direction, Ray knew that Gina broke the news to him about them.
A few moments later they walked back to where Sam and Ray waited. Gina smiled, but General Sheppard’s dark brown eyes were fixed on Ray. Although Ray was a little pale, he held the general’s gaze.
“Young man, let’s have a word,” General Sheppard said, put his arm around Ray’s shoulders, and led him away.
“Is everything okay?” Sam asked.
Gina nodded. “He’s happy for me and knows I am in good hands here, but won’t be satisfied until Ray knows all the pain that would be inflicted on him if something happens to me, or if he treats me badly.”
Sam smiled. If Gina was his daughter, he would’ve done the same. When the General and Ray joined them, Ray was pale, but he smiled. General Sheppard pointed at the tank.
“Do you have any more of these?”
“A few,” Sam answered.
“We sure can use a couple extra tanks in Chicago to help deal with the constant threat of raiders. Care to trade two tanks for four Humvees?”
Sam glanced at Gina, who knew more about the multipurpose combat vehicles than he did.
“Fully loaded?” she asked.
General Sheppard smiled and nodded. “Yes, fully armed.” Gina was already one of them.
An hour later the convoy returned to Chicago. General Sheppard would send a tanker trailer to pick up the two tanks, and would deliver four new, fully armed Humvees. He also left with a promise of an extra tanker of fuel.
Sam stared at the dust of the departing convoy. He wished for no more visitors for a while. They could sure do with a little peace and quiet. Sam didn’t know it then, but for the next three months they will have a quiet existence. Then their world would change forever.
Gina slipped her arm around Ray and looked at Sam. “How about you show me this much talked about farm now?”
Sam laughed. “Sure. You two can ride with me.”

The End

Coming Soon: The third book in the Arora series: Keepers of the Blue Planet.


Connect with me online:
Twitter:  http://twitter.com/@Stella_Del
Smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/CRDelport














