

The Big Change
Volume II
"Think Big and Make it Happen"
July 15, 2018 to August 15, 2019

Published by Eugene E. Hartley at Smashwords
Copyright 2016, Eugene E. Hartley

This free ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment.  It may not be sold to others or be used for commercial purposes.  But you are welcome to give it away to as many people as you like. I retain all commercial rights.

Disclaimer

To add more realism to this story, I name and comment about actual people, actual companies, actual places, and actual things.  Please remember the contents of this book are only my opinions rolled up into a fun story.  The news media always uses the word "alleged" to cover themselves, like the alleged offender, allegedly shot the policeman while the officer allegedly was arresting him.  So when this fictional story asserts something as true, please first insert into your mind the word or the appropriate derivative of the word "allege".  For legal purposes I also have to say the following: All hyperlinked internet pages, photos, and videos presented are not part of this book.  I'm just recommending them for those who may be interested.  And, you may want to use these videos for discussion purposes with your friends.  As time proceeds some may not work so I'll periodically remove or change them.  Thanks.

The Story     

This is volume II of a three volume series.  The story's underlying intent is an advocacy for a direct democracy where money is used only to facilitate purchasing and not as a tool to hold people down.  You'll understand what I'm saying after you've read the first book.  On the surface it's a sci-fi adventure written mostly for young science and tech people.  If the reader is a girl, I wanted her to feel she has the ability to do almost anything if given access to resources and lots of encouragement.  This volume has a little over 180,000 words.  So it wouldn't be boring I took you many places where the characters did some very interesting things.  Enjoy. 









The Big Change
Volume II
July 15, 2018 to August 15, 2019
Table of Contents
Twelve seconds
Homecoming
Blinking to another world
Young again
The documentary
Landed in San Diego
Arrived at beach house
Nellie and Ben go have fun
Tracy called Lupe to come over 
Bandidas wake up
Ben is interviewed
Rosies are interviewed
Trip to Copper Canyon
Visit to Sea World
McDonalds in Orange County
On to Disneyland
Ellen show
Picked up Maggie and Paul
Second day in LA
Yavapai/Apache reservation
Visit to S4 at Area 51
To Seattle and Alaska
Denali
Unalakleet and the USA Russian border
Chicago
St Louis
Independence, Kansas
Oklahoma Prison
Broadway
Middle School in Brooklyn
Millie was distressed
Horace Mann School
Date at the Iridium
The Crucible and the Infinitum
Few more visits in NYC
Hawaii
Before the Memorial ceremony
Second annual Memorial and Benediction
The escape
Home attacked


The Big Change
Volume II
July 15, 2018 to August 15, 2019
    
Twelve seconds 
Thursday morning, August 16, 2018.  "It's time, Happy.  You ready, boy."  Over the PA came "Next up is an Indian Paint named Happy Feet.  He's ridden by Summer Zia from Zia Pueblo, New Mexico."  

Summer rode him to the staging area.  Happy Feet felt extremely anxious.  "This is it.  You ready, boy?"  He let out a snort and shook his head.  She yelled in her native language of Keres "Happy go fast, NOW!"  He immediately started running like the wind and thought "Don't knock the barrel down, don't knock the barrel down, don't knock that barrel down!" as he literally pivots on his two front legs around the first barrel.  Summer yelled "Good boy, faster."  He shot forward and rounded the second barrel almost knocking it down.  "It's ok.  Go!"  Now he's flying so fast he doesn't feel his hooves touching the ground.  He felt a gentle pullback on his reins telling him to slow down around last barrel.  As he successfully rounds it he thinks "That's it, now run like never before for my Summer."  As he ran out of the arena the announcer yelled "Twelve point zero one seconds!  Who is this horse?!  You've just witnessed a new world record in barrel racing!  Congratulations to Summer and Happy Feet."

"Folks, we always hoped something like this would happen.  That's why we video record this event using the same timing equipment and exact distances as the Wrangler NFR to make it official."  The crowd cheered for Summer and Happy Feet.

"Hear that boy, that's for you."  After a few minutes of walking to cool down she came up to Standing Bear and jumped off.  He smiled. "I've seen him go much faster.  It's those tight turns he's having trouble with."  "That's true but don't tell anybody how fast he really is.  Let's put him back in his stall."  He continued, "I'll stay with him.  I don't trust the white man."  "Maybe I should have made him run slower."  He said "Never hold a horse's spirit back.  Our people don't break horses, we honor them.  Don't worry, I'll protect him."  "Thanks, Uncle."  

She turned and was greeted by Lupe running full force into her with a gigantic hug.  "Summer, I told you he was a natural!  Congratulations!"  Before Standing Bear could lead Happy Feet away Lupe reached into her pocket and pulled out the largest cored apple you ever saw.  "Here big guy, you've earned it."  He shook and lowered his head and made a deep friendly guttural sound before snatching it up.  As he was enjoying the crispy sweetness he thought "Thanks, this is delicious.  Got another one?"  Lupe smiled then pulled out another as she waited for him to polish off the first.  As she and Summer were petting his neck he took the apple.  Munch, crunch, smack "This is really good.  Thanks."  As Standing Bear was leading him off, Lupe said "See you later, big guy."  Happy Feet thought "Later...  And bring some more of those tasty red things with you."

Lupe had already raced Mom and turned in a very respectable thirteen point three seconds.  If it wasn't for Happy Feet she would have won.  Summer said "Mom's time was much better than the fifteen seconds you were hoping for. You broke the San Antonio record.  Her speed is world class, Lupe."  "I know.  Isn't it great."  Both girls were standing still, touching their chins and thinking.   Looking at each other they exclaimed "Just imagine how fast their children would be!"  Lupe giggled. "You know great minds think alike."  Like a sister she put her arm around Summer's shoulder as they triumphantly walked back to the stands.

As Summer and Lupe were beginning to go up the aisle to sit down, they were greeted by a small mob of excited young fans holding their programs wanting to get autographs and selfies.  After a selfie and as Summer was about to sign she asked "What's your name."  The girl said "It's Alice and I'm sooo excited!  I've never talked to a famous person before.  I have a poster of you on my bedroom wall.  At the bottom it says Happiness is Your Passion for Life.  This is sooo cool!  I didn't know you were a barrel racer."  Summer smiled and wrote "To my good friend, Alice.  Always have a passion for everything you do."  Summer gave the program back to her and after reading it she started screaming and ran over to her dad to show it to him.  

The program had Lupe's Seri name of Cacosxaj (pronounced  Cacös haj) Tepocas (meaning tall one who lives near the north wind).  As Lupe was signing Lauren's program she said "That's a very unusual name.  Is it Indian?"  "Yes.  My name means tall in the Seri language."  Lauren said "So are you and Summer related?"  Lupe happily said "My dad and her mom are dating, so maybe someday we'll be sisters."  Lupe wrote on Lauren's program "Never stop observing and asking questions.  Then push yourself to understand and see beyond.  The whole universe is yours to be discovered.  Your friend, Cacösxaj."  Lauren thanked her and as she was walking back to her seat she wondered why Cacösxaj wrote that. "Was it because I asked so many questions?" Then she thought "Exactly, always wonder and question."  

They spent fifteen minutes with their admirers doing selfies, signing and talking.   After they finished they went up the bleachers and sat down.  Lupe said in a low voice "That was really cool.  I never had people ask me for an autograph for what I've really done.  But this is a nice substitute."  Summer glanced over and whispered "Don't worry if they all knew, everybody at this rodeo would be here trying to get a selfie and an autograph.  You would literally be crushed with love."  "Yeah, I get your point.  Papi says I have to be incognito until I graduate from high school."  Summer whispered "I would've made it longer.  There are people who would kill for your knowledge.  They'd give anything to kidnap you.  You'll have to have bodyguards for the rest of your life."  Lupe laughed and whispered "I already do.  At least twenty that I know of are around us right now.  That's why I'm wearing a blouse and jeans made of a Kevlar/cotton blend.  That's why Miss Muscles Tracy is sitting next to you.  And, that's why Molly the brain reader is behind us.  We have to be protected so I guess it comes with the territory.  And if they can't protect us we'll protect ourselves.  You'd be surprised what the three of us can do."  Summer suggested "Let's just make sure our horses are safe."  "Good idea."

The calf roping competition had just finished.  Lupe's boyfriend Austin came in first.  His next event was bronco riding in early afternoon.  Austin proudly walked up and sat down next to Lupe. "Hey cowboy, looks like you did a pretty good job."  He was about to answer when two of his classmates approached.  A drop dead beautiful sophomore at Lytle High School named Regina said "Hi, Austin.  I wanted to congratulate you but I couldn't find you."  Austin was sitting at the end of the row.  Regina started to sit on his lap when he said "Regina, I really appreciate the attention but no.  Ok?"  She replied "Ok."  So she took his cowboy hat off and kissed him on the cheek.  Austin said "Regina, let me introduce you to my girlfriend Cacösxaj."  Regina gave Lupe a fake smile. "Well, Austin told us he had a girlfriend.  But I didn't think she would be so beautiful.  How do you pronounce your name again, honey?"  Lupe instantly responded "The pronunciation challenged just call me Coco."  "Well ain't that a cute name.  Kind of matches your brown skin doesn't it?"  Lupe whipped back "Yeah, I guess.  Your name means queen, doesn't it?  Quite an anachronism considering every country across the world is becoming a direct democracy."   Regina wasn't used to quick sharp tongues like Lupe's.  Beth, the other girl standing next to Regina was also beautiful but not so full of herself.  She congratulated Austin with a handshake.  "Thanks, Beth.  Are you still dating Tommy?"  "No, he was a little too aggressive.  If only I could find a guy as nice you, my life would be so much better."  "Aww, that's very sweet of you.  But I'm just a regular guy.  You're the one who's drop dead gorgeous, smart, and fun to be with."  After that comment he felt a sharp elbow to the ribs.  "Ow.  I mean I'm really lucky to have a girlfriend as nice as Coco here."  Sensing a little hostility, Beth stepped back.  By this time, Regina's eyes were boiling with jealousy.  She faked a smile and said "We'll see you later, Austin."  Because of the tension in the air, the girls didn't hang around to meet anybody else.  While they were walking down the bleacher Regina asked Beth "What does anachronism mean?"  Beth shrugged her shoulders. "Beats me.  But I noticed she was sitting next to that redskin Summer Zia.  With Coco's crazy name it probably means she's a redskin too."  Regina said "I'm not about to be bested by a damn redskin."  Beth asked "What do you aim to do about it?"  "Something she'll remember for a very long time.  I've been working on Austin since the 8th grade.  And, I'm not about to let some strange bitch have him."

Regina and Beth walked out into the parking lot and casually looked around until she spotted Austin's pickup.  "Beth, how involved do you get at your dad's repair shop?"  "Well, I ground your brake disks and put new pads on your car last month."  "Hmm... so you know a lot about brakes, huh?"   Beth looked at Regina. "If I cut his brake lines he could get killed.  Do you really want that?"  Regina said "Just poke some tiny little holes so the brakes will slowly go out.  Then he'll realize what's happening and pull over."  "I don't know, Regina."  She took her pocket knife out and handed it to Beth. "Here, take it.  This blade is pointy and razor sharp.  Get under there and poke a few holes.  I'll lean against the truck drinking my coke while I'm pretending to rest."  Beth took the knife and quickly made a few tiny holes in the brake lines.  She jumped up and said "Done."  "See, that was easy.  They won't get hurt.  It'll just scare them.  No harm, no foul.  I just wish I could see the fear on their faces as they go off the road trying to slow down as he's desperately using his emergency brake."  

Back inside the competition barn, Tony was sitting next to Bubba.  "Hey, it's getting close to noon.  You hungry?  The brisket they're smoking next door smells really good."  Bubba replied "I was just thinking that.  They grill a bunch of onions with fresh jalapenos and tomatoes then put it on top of the sliced brisket.  And they slather on some of their special homemade barbeque sauce."  Tony said "Just thinking about it makes my mouth water."  Tony got his daughter's attention. "Mija, this might be a good time to go eat so we can be back for Austin's competition."  Nellie asked "Do they have pizza?"  Connie replied "It's better.  Austin told me they have these big slabs of brisket they smoke an entire day so when you take a bite it just melts in your mouth.  They call it South Texas Barbecue."  Sophia nudged Travis. "Hear the live music?  You wanna go?"   Summer looked at her mom "You think it's as good as your barbequed snake?"  K'akana laughed "Maybe".  She turned to Tony "I'm ready if you are.  Laurie, are you ready?"  "When my Bubba says he's hungry we better go eat.  Bubba added "That's right.  And when I'm eating Texas Barbecue I have to apologize and tell everybody Mi nombre es Orozco cuando me come, me no te conozco." (My name is Orozco, when I'm eating I don't know you.  It's a little Spanish rhyme that means when I eat I enjoy the food so much I forget about everything else.)  Tony cracked up. "I didn't know you knew Spanish, Bubba."  "When it comes to good food, I'm ambidextrous."  "You mean bilingual."  "Yeah that too.  That's why I work out every day.  Laurie doesn't allow me to grow any table muscle."  Laurie put her arm around Bubba. "I require my Bubba to be a slim and trim 300 pounds.  So I have him exercise all the time."

Talulah Musk and her five sons were sitting on the bleachers across the arena. Connie and Griffin were becoming an item, so she texted an invitation to lunch with her.  With permission from his mom, he casually walked over to the group as they were leaving the building.  "Hey handsome."  "Hi, Spunky.  What are we eating?"  "Barbecue.  And there's live music.  Hear it?"  

The food tent was crowded.  They had to sit way in the back.  After waiting for a spell enjoying the cool air conditioning a waitress named Sheila finally came running up.  "Sorry for being so slow, but we've got Carson Peters here and it seems like every kid in Bexar County came to see him."   Bubba said "That's fine.  I love good country music."  She asked "Well y'all ready."  The group quickly gave their orders.  It wasn't difficult considering they came for the best food, mainly the drop off the bone melt in your mouth barbecue.  In a few minutes four waitresses came back with trays of brisket from heaven.  "Mmm' mmm.  Just look at that food kids.  You ain't lived until you've eaten God's gift to South Texas."  Connie said "Yeah, yeah, Uncle Bubba.  That's what we've been hearing you say most of the morning."  Tony had the group hold hands as he gave thanks.  Then everybody dug in.  Lupe exclaimed "Wow, this stuff really is good Uncle Bubba."  He said "It doesn't take much convincing after the first bite."  

Carson Peters sang a few more numbers, and then an older group came on.  It was Asleep at the Wheel singing Miles and Miles of Texas.  Then they took a ride down the New Mexico Navajo trail.  Their last song was Route 66. Nellie asked what it meant.  Connie said "It's now a freeway called I-40 and part of it goes through our grandparent's reservation near Prescott, Arizona.  "Oh...  So why write a song about it?"  "Because it was the first highway that went across the Wild West."  "Grandpa used to tell us our ancestors were Wild West Indians.  That's really cool."  

While the music was playing, there was a constant stream of young people coming up to get an autograph and a selfie with Summer.

Tracy commented "I don't think I've ever seen so many good looking boys wearing cowboy hats before.  What is it about boots buckles and hats?  I want to hug 'em all."  Lupe laughed. "Must be that sweet Southern Belle in you, Tracy."

Lupe asked Austin about Regina and Beth.  She didn't like them being so friendly.  But he's actually friendly with all the girls at school.  They just love him.  And he loves the attention.  Lupe had feelings of jealously she never felt before.  Austin didn't know what to say.  Another band came up and played a nice Texas two-step, so he asked Lupe to dance.  After being on the dance floor holding her Cowboy, Lupe sort of forgot about Regina, Beth, and everything else in the world for that matter.  Strong girls like the tender touch of a Cowboy.

Sophia used this as an excuse to get Travis out on the floor to show him how to two-step.  Sophia is drop dead beautiful and Travis was totally smitten.  She could have shown him how to slop with hogs and he would have willingly jumped in and started oinking.

During the last few days K'akana and Tony have become very close.  He was still a little wary but she was so nice and beautiful he couldn't resist.

A couple skaters came in with their boards and their mom.  One of the boys about ten caught Nellie's eye.  She boldly walked over, sat down and started talking to him about skateboarding.  At first he was uncomfortable with a stranger just opening up a conversation, but after a few minutes he sort liked of it.  Nellie can be very funny when she wants.  She broke the ice with a couple jokes.  After Jolie Holliday finished, a Tejano band came up and played a cumbia.  Nellie cajoled the boy to come and dance with her.  He loved it as she was showing him the steps.  Sophia was also showing Travis.  Pretty soon the whole crew was up there dancing.  After Tierra Tejana played a few, a group of young girls dressed in nineteenth century Mexican peasant costumes with taps on their shoes came on stage and danced the Zapateado.

Full from a satisfying lunch, the group started back to the arena.  Norma's kids, Travis, and Griffin wanted to go on some rides so Bubba and Laurie joined them.  On the way they stopped by a petting zoo with baby deer, buffalo, goats, sheep, rabbits, pigs, and some African herbivores.

Austin placed second in the afternoon's competition.  He had some chores to do at home so at 4:00pm he and Lupe decided to head back.    The rest stayed for the evening's events.

They were about to arrive at his home.  It overlooks the Balcones Escarpment just northwest of the village of Castroville.  Like most teenagers, Austin likes to drive fast.  He was going seventy on a narrow crushed limestone road.  Lupe said "Hey Cowboy, where's the fire.  What's the hurry?"  "I don't know.  It's just so far from everything that I've developed a bad habit of driving fast.  I even drive fast between our farm here and the one in Lytle." "Isn't that a 90 degree turn we're coming up to?  Don't you think we should slow down?"  Austin began pressing on the brakes. Then he frantically started pumping them.  Lupe saw Austin going nuts on the brakes and nothing was happening.  She quickly pulled out her device, reached over and grabbed his neck and pressed the button.  The truck went tumbling down the escarpment bursting into flames.  Minutes later Lupe and Austin reappeared at the exact spot where she Blinked.  They dropped about two feet straight down right in front of that 90 degree turn.  She had the device set to ping them to the other end of a fused energy/temporal line.  So in a matter of minutes they travelled 700 light years out and immediately came back.

"What happened."  "We went for a ride through some of the Milky Way and came back."  Austin didn't say a thing.  He turned white as a sheet.  He remembered vibrations and seeing bright colored lights flashing by and not being able to move and had a tingly feeling while he lost all comprehension of space and time.  Even though he knew she saved the old Pioneers last month, he didn't fully grasp the gravity of it all.  It finally hit him about who this girl really was.  He felt a chill of fear, a little leery, thankful, and speechless.  His level of respect jumped astronomically (no pun intended).  

When they got up he just stood there kind of numb.  As he was staring at her, he slowly said "You saved our lives......  Then he humbly held out his arm to shake hands...  "Hi.  I don't believe we've really met.  My name is Austin Jacobs.  I'm a sophomore at Lytle High School.  I play football and do a little rodeo roping and riding.  I hear you're Lupe Solis and you accomplished the greatest feat in the history of humankind.  It's an honor to meet you."  Lupe looked at him and said "Stop it with that shit, Austin.  I'm just a normal girl.  Ok, I'm a normal kick ass beautiful girl who was fortunate enough to discover something big."  Flirtatiously looking into his eyes she softly continued "And that's exactly how I want you to treat me.  Got it, you big handsome blonde blue eyed cowboy."  Austin said "I'm lucky you decided to sit next to me that day at the museum."  Lupe put her arms around him and pulled him in close.  "I'm the one who's lucky."  They were about to kiss when she noticed "Oh look.  Here comes our ride."  It was Cletus rolling up in a white Suburban.  He asked "Where's your truck?  Austin pointed that way and said "I think it went off the embankment."  Lupe said "The brakes went out.  That doesn't happen on a new truck.  Would you do me a favor?"  Cletus said "Yes, I'll get Molly involved.  It might speed up the process if you two give me a list of the people you spoke to today."  "Thanks, Cletus."

Cletus stepped out of the vehicle. "You Blinked yourself out of danger, didn't you?"  She nodded.  With a long face he continued "This makes me see I'm not doing my job."  Lupe smiled "Uncle Elon once told me 'sometimes shit happens and there's nothing you can do about it'."  She hugged him. "It's ok, Uncle Cletus."  He didn't say anything but he realized she just called him Uncle for the first time since he's known her.  He smiled hugging her back and thought "God, I love this child like she was my own.  I have to be more careful."  He sadly looked at her and said "I'm sorry, baby.  I promise this will never happen again."  

Homecoming  
The third week of September, 2018.  It's homecoming week at Las Cruces High School.  The Bandidas had tested out of several math courses so they could take senior level calculus their sophomore year with their bud Bannister.  At the beginning of the school year they cajoled Bannister to sit with them in the back of the class.  She relented because she needed Lupe's help with her most difficult subject.   

Since October of last year when the Young Pioneers began attending Las Cruces High School they took Bannister on as a project to improve her popularity.  During her junior year she was in the drama club but only worked the lights and curtains.  She's also a good artist, so she painted many of the stage sets.   Because of Bannister, Lupe and her buds discovered drama class, so they transferred over to try their hand at acting and to give Bannister some encouragement to do some acting herself.  But being freshmen they were relegated to small parts while the upper classmen got the primo stuff.  Even though they were able to get Bannister to lighten up, they still couldn't get her to do any acting.  She was way too shy.  But they did have some good times and Bannister did bring them up to speed with the social groupings.  

There were the jocks, preps, skaters, thespians, the dirties, cheerleaders, homies, gang bangers, the rockers including guys in bands, and the FFA rednecks.  The jocks usually hung together by sport they played.  Most jocks concentrated too much on athletics and not enough on school and won't go anywhere in life except for the ones who get teaching degrees and come back as coaches.

Then there are the geeks and nerds who always get picked on.  But they'll get their revenge when everybody else works for them later in life.  The school has a few gangsters you need to avoid.  Some of them are just out of jail and look to be in their early 20s.  Then there are the beautiful self-centered girls who don't care about anybody except themselves but since they're so beautiful everyone adores them.   After they graduate, the dim beautiful ones will end up being teen moms and the more intelligent ones will find a super-rich boy in college.  And of course you'll find a few very wealthy kids who are totally spoiled.  After the Big Change everybody is well off so the rest of the school doesn't give a squat when these kids try to brag.  In fact they're shunned.  Then there are the slackers who don't care about school.  They're the future dropouts, funyun eating, video game playing in mom's basement with only their underwear on losers.  They just can't or won't get their life together.  (For those kids who grow up and won't work, the People are deporting them to third world countries.)  The school has a few International students who tend to stick together.  The People of America have been pushing foreign student exchange programs as a way to spread the word about the benefits of being a direct democracy.  

Then there are the couples who are way too clingy with each other and never let anyone else in.  The drug heads are in many groups.  You'll see a few Loners.  And there are the pampered girls who are big into social clubs.

Then you have the ones who don't identify with any group but instead spend time with everybody.  They will be the future high level managers of businesses.  And of course there are the band nerds, sometimes inappropriately called band queers because there are more gays in athletics than in the band.  And finally there's the rebels who are against everything evil, or are evil themselves.

The first bell rang and the kids in calculus class took a seat.  Mr. Hamilton is the teacher.  He fits the typical stereotype of a nerd.  His trouser legs are a too short.  You can see his white socks and black unshined shoes.  He always wears a starched white shirt with a bowtie.  His face has small pock marks.  His dark hair is short and oiled down.  His glasses are black plastic frame with thick lenses.  He is so skinny you wonder when he had his last meal.  And he always has pencils in his shirt pocket.  

The first period second bell rang.  After a minute Mr. Hamilton came running in, shut the door and apologized for being late.  Lupe said "That's the second time in the past two weeks, Mr. H.  We saw you talking to Miss Sweeny down the hall.  Just remember... no PDAs."  The class laughed.  "Don't worry Lupe, I already have a girlfriend."  Tracy said "Yes, you told us you're in love with Miss Numbers."  "That's right."   Molly spoke up "Hey Mr. H, I really like your red bowtie."  "Thanks, Molly.  But I sense you're injecting a little flattery in hopes of currying favor because you didn't do your homework again."  "I'm sorry Mr. H, but I was tied up doing other stuff yesterday.  Can I come up to the board and show you the answers?"  "No, that's ok.  I know you know the answers.  But as an alternative, why don't you turn in a week's worth of homework each Monday so I can legitimately give you a grade.  Ok?"  "You got it, Mr. H."

"Ok class, you ready for another adventure into the wild wonderful wacky world of calculus?"  The class said "No".  "Good.  Let's take out your homework and go over the problems.  Who wants to explain the first one?"  Lupe raised her hand.  "Lupe, Lupe, Lupe...  We're three weeks into the school year and I already know you could probably teach this course.  Right class?"  They laughed.  He continued "So let's give someone else a chance to shine."  Bannister was sitting next to Lupe.  "How about you, Bannister?  Would you like to give it try?"  Lupe whispered "You go, girl.  Just remember what we talked about last night."  Bannister slowly walked to the front with her homework in hand.  Mr. Hamilton handed her the chalk.  It was a problem on integrals.   She wrote out the answer perfectly.  Mr. H said "I think someone's been tutoring you.  As I remember, you had a tough time last year in my pre-cal class."  He looked to the back where Lupe was sitting leaning back with her hands behind her head and feet up on the empty chair in front.  Lupe said "Guilty as charged, Mr. H.  This stuff is really boring.  But it's fun when I get to light up someone else's mind and have them understand this waste of time."  Mr. Hamilton said "It's only a waste of time because you don't like it."  Lupe giggled "You got that right.  I noticed you said because I don't like it, not because I don't understand it.  I understand it and I still think it's a waste of time."

Mr. H scratched his head and asked "Ok.  I'll bite.  Why is it a waste of time?"  Lupe suggested "It's all predictive interrelative set theory which can include space and time and geometrics that deal with the four functions of math in a multitude of ways ad nauseam.  But I've always been intrigued with a blend of Euclidean, hyperbolic, and elliptic geometry moving along a temporal event.  Or what I call a predictive analysis of an ever moving geometric environment across infinite slices of time.  And if you examine this movement carefully you'll start to see a beautiful harmony present.  Not moving towards entropy, but harmony.  A harmony that embraces not only our four dimensional universe but many other dimensions.  Dimension isn't really the correct word.  I'd call it intelligence, cognition, understanding, the exquisite elixir of being, versus nothingness."  

"Mr. H, what we should be doing is teaching courses about methods we use to identify the stuff our five senses can't.  And also about mental cognition of stuff our senses pick up."  

Mr. H said "I'm sorry but I only know how to teach math not inventions."  Lupe said "It's not inventions.  It's the science of being more aware.  It's understanding the cognitive process and then developing new relationships where this primitive inter-relative math would be too simple to apply."  Mr. H said "And your point?"  "What if there was a math that went beyond correlating and relating and predicting.  What if there was a math tool that defined understanding and consciousness?"  Mr. H said "I still don't understand."  Lupe said "If I bang a big brass bell with a hammer it causes the bell to vibrate and thus vibrate the air and then your tympanic membrane will start to vibrate from the waves travelling through the air.  The nerves in your ears capture the event and sends signals to your brain and you cognitively hear the sound of the bell.  But it's only what your brain interprets the wave movement to be.  It isn't actually the sound because the bell makes no sound.  The cognitive interpretation of the sound only occurs in your brain.  That's another dimension I just mentioned.  You see, the leads into our brain are our senses like hearing.  We can only hear from about 50 decibels to about 15,000 decibels.  But dogs can hear much higher decibels.  Why?  Is it something in the brain or in the dog's ear that makes the difference?"  Mr. H said "True, but that has nothing to do with math."  Lupe said "That's true to a point, because you cannot apply our current math to the cognitive process occurring in a brain.  I believe there are other functions of math besides addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.  There are others that exist which I would call the associative and disassociative functions, and the creative function to identify an input item as unique.  I also believe there is a dissonant and a harmonious function.  And I believe there are many more dimensions of the mind."  Mr. H said "That's quite an imagination you have, Lupe.  What else do you believe?"  "Well Mr. H, today's math uses integers, fractions, decimals, and so on.  Like it's a means of calibrating or counting or measuring.  Math should really go beyond that.  Using math I should be able to write the cognition symbol that occurs in the mind of a person when it hears a big brass bell.  Or a large silver bell.  Or a car horn.  That precious elixir of thought that brings that sound to life is what my math would include.  The creative function would be applied here.  And see, this stuff wouldn't be variables because there is a sameness across all our minds.  The sound of a particular brass bell is the same in every human's mind.  Same with sight.  We all see the color purple the same.  The smell of bacon is the same for every human.  Every mind's interpretation of a certain stimulus is the same.  Even when the mind tricks you into believing something that is not true, it occurs with everybody.  And since all of this is consistent we can apply math to it.  But first we have to understand what occurs in the mind.  We need to understand the dimensions of the mind."

Lupe continued "It's simple Mr. H.  Math is more than integers and variables.  Way more.  It's identifying something that we can conclude is a constant.  Something that will never change in this physical world.  Like an angstrom unit.  But then again I'm talking measurements and calibrations.  What I'm saying is math should include the identified magic that has us hear a bell the same or see the color purple the same.  And once we understand the electrical impulses in the brain then we can open up the mind and view it.  But once that happens this four function math stuff just won't cut it.  I think of our math today as the Flintstones cartoons when we should be like the Jetsons."

"Like in this calculus class, we need to understand the concepts, but now we have computers to do the detail work.  So why fool with it.  Let's move on to other theories and understand them.  We could finish this course in a couple months instead of an entire school year.  The extra time could be spent experimenting with cognition and relating some sort of math to it.  Your job would be finished in a couple months.  Then guess what.  I could show you the rest."  Mr. H smiled and said "Lupe, you're probably the most confident person I've ever had in any class, but let's get back to reality and finish up today's problems."  "Oookaaay, Mr. H."  Molly sitting next to Lupe whispered "I started freaking out when you mentioned temporal geometric harmony.  I was worried for a second you were going to bring up temporal/energy threads in dark matter slash energy and how your new math explains it all.  I also thought you were going to quickly explain the geometric wave/particle duality theory and why it is only a tiny piece of the puzzle."  Lupe made a devilish smile and whispered "That would really blow their minds.  Or put them to sleep."  They both started giggling.  Mr. H said "Is there a joke back there that you would like to share with the class?"  "No Mr. H."  "Then please be quiet.  Thank you."

Mr. H gave the class ten minutes of free time before the bell.  Bannister whispered "I was asked to the homecoming dance."  Lupe's eyes perked up. "Really.  Who asked you?"  "Dax Daugherty."  Lupe whispered "Who the heck is he?"  "He's a FFA guy.  He has big blue eyes like mine but he doesn't wear glasses and he's a pinch taller than me, about six one.  I've only talked to him a few times, but he's really cute."  The bell rang.  As they were walking to their Speech and Drama class Lupe got the other Bandidas together with Bannister. "Guess what, Bannister is going to homecoming!"  Tracy and Molly said that was really depressing because they couldn't go out yet.  Lupe added "Well I can, but I don't want to two-time my cowboy."  

Lupe looked at Bannister.  "Did you go to the homecoming dance last year?"  "No.  Nobody asked me."  Tracy said "Bannister, you're too shy.  You needed to ask someone yourself instead of waiting for someone to ask you."  Molly said "Bannister is shunned by most of the students because she's so smart.  You guys... having a bunch of jerks say no would have hurt her ego."  Lupe said "Yeah, I guess.  So are you going with him for sure?"  Bannister replied "Yes, I think so.  I hope he's nice instead of a self-centered jerk.  It's bad enough he's a farmer."  Lupe said "Hey, don't stereotype like that.  They're not all simple minded.  I've got a boyfriend farmer living near San Antonio named Austin.  He's smart.  But who cares.  He's really cute."   Bannister replied "Everybody in school calls them the Future Failures of America for a reason.  The ones here are mostly losers.  So I'll give Dax one chance.  If I don't like him, he's out of my life forever."  Tracy said "Now that's the confident Bannister I like to see."

Four days passed.  It was now Friday, homecoming day.  That morning Dax gave Bannister a beautiful mum with all kinds of decorations.  She proudly wore it all day.   That evening he drove to Bannister's home in his dad's new Camaro.  Mr. Ridgely answered the door.  "Hello, Mr. Ridgely, I'm Dax Daughtery."  "Hi, I'm Ted Ridgely, but you can call me Mr. Ridgely."  As Dax was shaking hands he said "It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Ridgely."  He squeezed Ted's hand way too hard.  Bannister's dad was a skinny nerdy thirty eight year old who didn't exercise very much because he spent most of his time in an office doing program design and writing code for the military.  Bannister lost her mom to cancer several years ago, so it was just her and her dad.  Ted said "Bannister has been in her room for the last two hours getting dressed.  I'll see if she's ready.  Please come in and sit down while I let her know you're here."  "Thank you, sir."  

Bannister usually wears thick glasses at school, but that night she had her contacts on.  As she was coming down the stairs in her new homecoming dress, Dax quickly stood up.  "Wow Bannister, you look beautiful."  "Thank you.  I was worried this dress wouldn't be good enough."  She kissed her daddy goodbye.  "Have a good time, baby.  I love you."  Dax said the game would be over about 9:30 and the dance would start at 10:00.  He promised to have her back by 12:30.  "That's fine, Dax.  Just make sure she's safe."  "Yes, sir.  I will."

Dax treated Bannister like a lady.  He opened all the doors and was very polite and funny.  They had a great time watching their team win by two touchdowns.  At the dance they sat with the other FFA guys and their dates.  She thought they were a bunch of dimwitted goobers.  Dax was cute and had a loud boisterous but friendly personality.  He really enjoyed dancing with her.  Ted had been sending his daughter to dance lessons once a week for several years to prepare her so she wouldn't be teased.  It was bad enough she was shunned for being brilliant.   Dax appreciated the fact that she didn't use words over his head, and that she laughed at his corny jokes.  He really began to like her as the evening went on.  Before they left she excused herself to go to the powder room.  As Dax was going to the restroom several of his FFA buddies came up. "Hey man.  She is one cute heifer.  You ready for tonight."  Dax said "Man, I can't wait to get some."  One of his buds said "Great.  Pour this powder in her glass of punch.  After she drinks it I guarantee she'll be putty in our hands."  Dax said "Her dad's really going to be pissed when she comes home "drunk".   But he's a little wimp.  I can handle him.  And just remember I'm first.  After going to all this trouble, I'm not about to have seconds."  His friend said "You got it, man.  Now get back out there and take care of business."

After Bannister returned and sat down she looked at the band, the other boys with their dates, and the beautiful decorations.  It was sad to see such a perfect evening come to an end.  Dax treated her like such a princess.  In a way she felt like Cinderella.  When it ended she'd have to go back to being a faceless wallflower.  She gently took his hand. "I really appreciate this evening, Dax.  It was nice."  He said "The pleasure is mine.  But like with everything good it eventually has to come to an end, so what do you say we finish our punch and head on home."   Like a gentleman he helped her as she rose from the chair.  He made sure to open the building door and the car door for her.  She thought "This guy is such a gentleman."  She began getting drowsy in the car.  He said he was taking her straight home but he took her to a motel where three other FFA guys were waiting.  As they entered the room she didn't realize where she was or what she was doing.

The first day the Bandidas enrolled in school they made a deal with Bannister.  They would protect her, and in return she would help them integrate smoothly into the school.  Per the agreement and unknown to Bannister, Lupe had an agent follow her all the time.  This night he called Lupe about the potential problem while Dax and Bannister were in the motel parking lot.  The agent advised Lupe that Bannister looked incoherent and was stumbling.  She was walking like she had been drugged.  Lupe told the agent to stay put and she would be there in a few minutes.  She quickly blinked over to Molly's bedroom and whispered "Molly!  Wake up!  Bannister's in trouble.  We need to get to her right now."  With her eyes closed she muttered "What?"  Lupe jerked the covers off the bed and slipped some flip flops on her feet and grabbed a pair of her pants and one of her t-shirts and her communication device next to the bed.  Then she held Molly's hand and Blinked both of them over to Tracy's bedroom.  "Tracy, wake up!  Wake up!"  Tracy was startled and immediately sat up.  Half asleep, focusing on Lupe she said "What's the matter." "Tracy, put your shirt and pants on.  Here's some flip flops.  We gotta get out of here now.  Bannister's in trouble!  She needs us!"  Tracy snapped out of her sleep.  "Is she ok?"  "We don't have time to talk.  Get everything you need and let's get out of here."  By now Molly had her pants and shirt on, and Tracy was also ready.  Tracy grabbed her medical kit and quickly gave herself and her two buds some super strength.  Lupe blinked the three of them to the coordinates of the motel where the agents stood waiting.

They arrived outside the motel door about ten minutes after Bannister entered the room.  Lupe quickly called Cletus about Bannister's predicament.  With his concurrence, as a way to make up for the truck brakes being cut, he allowed the Bandidas to be the first to go into the motel room.  Before they entered, the agent gave them a handful of plastic zip restraints.  Standing in front of room 127, Tracy punched her hand through the door and yanked it off its hinges.  Bannister was already disrobed.  Tracy smiled and said "Howdy, boys.  Thought you'd have a little fun with our friend Bannister, huh."  Lupe said "But shame on you.  You didn't invite us."

At lightning speed the girls put restraints on the guy's hands and legs.  As they were struggling to get free Tracy said "Looks like you boys have a little too much testosterone in your system and it's making you do very bad things.  You know the People mandated the punishment for rape is castration."  Lupe smiled, grabbed Dax and proceeded to pull his pants down.  She pulled a knife out of her back pocket, flipped it open and Tracy stopped her.  "Wait a minute!  I'm the biologist here.  Let's don't have him bleed to death.  Let me do it, ok?"  Lupe said "Oh, all right.  Dammit."

But first Tracy bent Dax's fingers back as she asked what drug he slipped Bannister.  After a moment of painful persuasion he was screaming the answer.  "Thanks, I appreciate the information."  Tracy sat her medical kit on the bed.  He screamed for mercy and was struggling to get free while she took her sweet time.   She reached into her kit and pulled out some surgical gloves and made a sinister snapping sound as she put each one on.  She splashed some alcohol and iodine on his private parts.  Then with a smile she pulled out a shiny razor sharp scalpel and made cutting sounds as she moved it through the air.  He was screaming and squirming while Lupe and Molly were holding him down.  Tracy suggested "You have to hold him perfectly still so I don't kill him."  She thought for a moment and asked "Should I give him any anesthesia?"  Lupe giggled "Just wack 'em off."  Tracy laughed. "Ok.  If you insist."  The screams were blood curdling as Tracy very slowly and carefully cut his scrotum and testicles off.  Then she made sure the arteries were stapled tightly to stop any bleeding.  After the deed was done, Lupe smiled and said "There you go, sweetie.  All that terrible pain will last for just a few days," as she was dangling is testicles in front of his face just before he passed out.

Molly got their attention "Hey, let's forget about the others.  Let the law take care of them.  I'm getting readings from Bannister saying she needs our help."  Tracy looked at Bannister "You're right.  Let's take care of our passed out friend."  

But before anything else, Tracy hit each guy in the face knocking their front teeth out.  She looked at the other Bandidas "What?  I've got to leave my calling card, don't I?"  Lupe said "Wow girl, you've got some real anger issues."

A couple of agents were patiently waiting at the opening where the door used to be.  Lupe told the agents "Gentlemen, they're all yours.  Please make them disappear, but don't kill 'em.  I want them to suffer hoeing weeds for the rest of their life in a desert somewhere.  Thanks."

The agents asked if Bannister needed an ambulance.  Molly said "No thanks, she's in good hands now."  Lupe said "She's with us.  Thank you for everything..."   They picked up her clothes, put her panties and slip on and Tracy quickly but carefully carried her out to an agent's Suburban and laid her down across the back seat.  Lupe had the agent drive while they made sure she was ok.  Tracy and Molly examined her. Tracy reached in her medical kit and gave her a shot to wake her up and counteract the effects of the date rape drug without hurting her.   In ten minutes Bannister was sitting up, mostly awake.  "Where am I?"  Lupe said "You're with us driving in Las Cruces."  "I don't understand.  How did I get here?"  Lupe said "It looks like Dax wasn't such a good boy after all.  He drugged you and took you to a motel where he was going to rape you.  So we came over and stopped him."  Bannister in a sweet innocent confused voice said... "What happened?"  Tracy said "Remember the first day we met, we promised to protect you.  And in return you would let us know about the kids in school."  Bannister said "I don't understand...  Dax was going to rape me?  And you three stopped him"?  Bannister began to realize what had happened.  She sat completely confused.  Her eyes were tearing up.  She began to cry like a baby.  Lupe said "It's ok, Bannister.  There will always be somebody who will try to take advantage of you in one way or another.  You just have to be careful, and don't be complacent and naive."  As Bannister was sobbing she responded "I've never been hurt like this by anyone in my entire life.  He was such a nice guy... but he was just using me so he could have a little fun?  That's despicable!"  She continued to cry.  Lupe didn't tell Bannister about the three other guys.  But Lupe did say "Bannister...  Dax won't be at school anymore or anywhere else for that matter.  He'll be locked up for good.  You're safe now.  Ok?"

Other than the Bandidas, Bannister was the smartest kid in school and had been wondering about these three girls for some time.  Things just didn't add up.  Bannister saw she was in a Suburban with a very athletically built man in his early twenties driving.  There were two machine guns clipped upright to the dash.  And he was being told where to drive by Lupe.  She looked at Lupe and asked "Who are you?  Really... who are you?"  Lupe said "Like the first day we met we said we're your friends.  Remember, like Tracy just said, we made a deal where you would help us understand what was going on at school and in return we would keep you safe.  Remember?  And we really appreciate all the insider information you've given us."

Bannister shook her head. "Sophomores in high school just don't have this power.  They don't understand math and science like you three.  The other kids can't see it, but you guys are unbelievably brilliant."  Lupe said "But we still suck at English.  That has to count for something."  Lupe started giggling like crazy.  Her giggles are contagious so Molly and Tracy started cracking up.   Lupe looked at the agent driving. "What do you think about that Michael.  We actually suck at something."  Michael began laughing.  Bannister said "I don't see what's so funny.........  unless you three really are unbelievably brilliant."

Lupe motioned with her eyes to Molly to take a reading on her.  Molly said "She's no fool, Lupe.  She highly suspects it now.  What do you want to do?"  Lupe asked "Can you keep a secret?"  Half awake, Bannister said "That depends.  If I don't will you kill me with one of those machine guns?"  Lupe said "Don't be stupid.  The worse we would do is erase some of your memory."  This time Lupe didn't laugh.  

Bannister paused, thinking.   She slowly looked at each one of them.........   Then after a long pondering moment, she squinted her eyes and asked "You can't be the three anonymous young Pioneers......  Can you?......"  Lupe smiled and said "Afraid so.  And we need you to keep it a secret at least until we graduate from High School.  Ok?"  "But why?"  Molly said "So we can lead a normal life with kids our own age going to a high school.  Please don't rob us of that.  We probably saved your life tonight.  We're not asking for much, just our anonymity."  Bannister paused as she was processing it all.   Looking at the three of them she asked "Which one of you invented Blinking?  Lupe said "That would be me."

Bannister completely forgot about her date and homecoming and everything else that just happened.  She was totally beside herself with excitement.  "Can I hug you, Lupe.  Is that your real name?"  Lupe sat next to her.  "Yes.  Sort of.  My dad is a Seri Indian from northern Mexico and he gave me a name that nobody can pronounce.  So here in the States I go by Lupe."  "Oh my God, I can't believe I'm holding the greatest human to ever live."  Lupe said "I don't know about that but you're definitely hugging a friend.  Lupe giggled and yelled "Group hug!"   Molly was on the other side of Bannister hugging and Tracy laid across their laps and started hugging herself.  Bannister said "Very funny, Tracy."  

She continued, "Well this explains a lot.  You three need to be a little more inconspicuous at school.  You need to blend in better."  Tracy said "See what I've been saying."  Lupe laughed, "But you're the one who is always giving everybody a hard time."  Tracy replied "But I'm not busy trying to impress everybody with my knowledge and abilities, Miss Chess Master."  "You've got a point."   She looked at Bannister "Can you keep this a secret?"  She said "Now that I know who you are, of course.  You're a national treasure."  They laughed and Tracy said "That's the first time I've heard that expression."  Bannister said "But don't let it get to your head.  I'm still more mature than the three of you put together."  Lupe smiled "And, we wouldn't have it any other way.  That's why we like you.  You keep us grounded.  Even the name Bannister Ridgely is so very prim and proper.  I'm surprised you don't have a butler serving you tea and crumpets every afternoon."  Bannister laughed as she wiped away the tears.  

Lupe turned the Suburban's dome light on to look at Bannister.  "Girl...  You're all rumpled and your makeup is smeared and you need to get your clothes on."  Tracy said "Let's go somewhere where we can put you back together and then relax.  Ok?"  Lupe asked "Michael, would you please take us to a Denny's close by so Bannister can collect herself and get a little sobered up."  He responded "Yes, ma'am.  I'll take you to the South Main Street Denny's."  He then alerted the other agents of their plans.

Bannister quickly put her beautiful homecoming dress back on.  The other three were in jeans, t-shirts and flip flops.  Tracy said "I feel so ugly wearing these clothes next to you.  I hope we won't be an embarrassment.  It's like Cinderella and her three grubby coachwomen."  Bannister said "Don't worry about it.  I'm just grateful you rescued me."

When they got to Denny's they went straight to the restroom and proceeded to get Bannister back into looking like a homecoming beauty.  Lupe said "Let's get our Barbie doll all fixed up!"  Molly said "I like your shade of lipstick, girl."  Bannister smiled and said "It's called Allure by Revlon.  It keeps the lips quenched and moist.  Lupe said "And I love your eye shadow.  It really accentuates your beautiful blue eyes."  Lupe continued "Hold still and keep your lids closed while I fix your eye shadow."  Tracy said "You coordinated your jewelry really well with that dress.  And those shoes are simply hot, girl."  As Bannister was brushing her hair she said "You didn't mention my dieu.  Yesterday evening I spent two hours at a salon getting this magical transformation done."  Lupe said "Your hair always looks perfect, Bannister."  Tracy said "Isn't this fun.  I love playing Barbie dress up."  Molly said "You know you really do look like a Barbie doll.  I'm jealous."  Bannister said "Yeah, yeah.  You don't have to butter me up to make me feel better.  I'm hungry.  Let's go get something to eat."

While the girls were in the restroom, a couple agents pretending to be a young married couple sat at the counter.  Other agents waited outside at various spots.  

After the girls finished their Bannister renewal project, they came out and were seated.   Lupe perked up. "I only had a small salad at six.  For some reason I'm really hungry for breakfast.  What about you, Bannister?"  "Breakfast sounds really good.  I need something to shake off the drugs.  I'll get a grand slam with French toast."  Tracy ordered Belgian waffles.  Molly said "Mmm, the Philly cheesesteak omelet looks really good.  I'll get that."  

After the waitress took their orders Bannister wanted to know how and why they came to be at her school.  Lupe said "Bannister, the first rule of our new friendship is we can never talk about our past, or about our inventions and discoveries, unless we want to.  Ok?  I'm sure you understand."  Bannister understood and apologized.  She said "Ok.  Then we'll be four girls out on a Friday night having some fun."  She thought for a second.  "Maybe I should call my dad."  Molly suggested she not do that.  "It would be better to come home around one-thirty and we'll give him some excuse.  Lupe is really good at that."  Lupe said "Hey, what are you saying?"  Tracy cut in "You're always making excuses, girl."  Lupe said "Well, excuuuze me."  Molly laughed. "See Lupe, nothing but excuses."  Bannister grinned and said "I can't believe it.  You three are a bunch of clowns.  You know my parents instilled in me the belief that I need to work hard to achieve good grades.  It's a very serious thing.  And you guys are just flying through school like, like..."   Lupe broke in and said "Like it's funnnn?  Oh, my god, fun at schoooool.  Perish the thought."  Bannister said "Now you're making fun of me."  Tracy said "When we start making fun of you it means we love you, Bannister.  You're part of our inner circle now."  

Tracy suddenly looked at Lupe and asked "Is there room for one more Bandida?  Shall we call ourselves the Four Bandidas?"  Lupe shouted "Hell yes!"  People at nearby tables were a little annoyed with Lupe's outburst.  Molly said "Shussss."  With their heads down, Lupe smiled and whispered "You're one of us now, Bannister."  "But, I don't have anything to offer."  Molly said "That's where you're wrong.  You're the kind of person the three of us aspire to be.  If we hang around you enough, maybe some of you will rub off.  And how about this... we could have you chronicle our lives for the next few years.  You could write a book."  Tracy added "You're such a good writer we could be as boring as paint drying on a wall and you'd still make it interesting."  Lupe said "That's it, you'll be our chroniclleer."  Banister laughed and said "Chronicler.  Saaay chronicler."  Lupe said "No, I don't want to.  I'll say the easy word... biographer.  So there, fancy pants."  Tracy said "See what we have to put up with."  Bannister leaned back in the booth and looked at each one of them.  She couldn't believe she was sitting with three of the five young Pioneers of the United States of America.  She began to cry.......  Lupe put her arm around her. "What's wrong, girl.  Are you ok?"  "I'm just so happy.  I really don't deserve such a wonderful thing as this.  You three are the best friends I could ever wish for in a thousand lifetimes."

It was a wraparound booth and the Pioneers scooched in closer to Bannister sitting in the middle.  Molly said "That's so sweet of you."  Tracy in her southern belle accent whispered "That's very nice of you to say, but we want to be treated like normal girls."  Lupe put her hand under Bannister's chin and raised her head.  "That's right Bannister, we're completely normal," as she made her eyes crossed and stretching her face to look like a clown.  The tears turned to laughter as they continued to talk for the next hour about all the crazy characters at school.  That evening was super great for Bannister.  She was going to cherish it for the rest of her life.  And guess what, it was even better for the young Pioneers. 

After a good meal and a few laughs they jumped back into the Suburban and headed to Bannisters house.  Lupe said "Well do you feel better now?  That ass won't be bothering you anymore."  She winked and said "We know people who take care of problems.  Right, Mike?"  "Yes, ma'am."   Lupe said "So Bannister, you can't tell a soul about us.  Not your dad, not your friends, not even your dog.  And you absolutely cannot write anything about us and save it on your computer or phone or in a paper diary.  Nowhere.  You have an eidetic memory.  Just remember everything, and write about it in three years.  Ok?"  Bannister responded "Ok."  Molly did a reading and smiled at Tracy and Lupe.  Lupe said "Great."

Tracy pulled out a small syringe and said "Don't move Bannister, I want to give you something to make you feel much better.  It'll make you unbelievably strong, so don't hurt anybody or anything.  It will last for about two days.  Ok?"  "Sure, but I hope you know what you're doing."  Tracy laughed. "Jacob, Molly and me finally figured out a cure for cancer.  And right now we're working on revitalizing body cells.  I know how to regenerate appendages.  Molly can read your mind and talk to your body cells.  And Lupe is the greatest physicist in history.  And, she's a genius at computer program modeling.  And, she can take you just about anywhere in the known universe.   Believe me you're in the best hands ever."  Bannister said "But will it hurt?"  Realizing that Bannister was afraid of pain, Tracy replied, pretending to be Dracula speaking with a Transylvania accent "Only when I bite your neck and suck your blooood.  Wooooo."  Then she went to her neck and pretended to suck her blood.  "Mmmm.  Yummy.  My favorite...  lick lick lick... Bannister flavor."   Bannister was giggling. "Stop it, you're tickling me.  Ok, ok, give me the shot."  Tracy smiled. "I already did."

"When I was a kid my doctor would stand behind me and his nurse would grab my knee and squeeze it just before he injected me in the arm and I didn't even know he did it.  And every time I'd fall for it."  Molly cut in and jokingly said "And I can manipulate your psyche, look into my eyes, you are getting sleepy, sleepy."  Tracy said "Actually we call her Doctor Frankenfunny because she can make you involuntarily laugh."   Molly said "Ou ou, can I do that?"  Lupe said "Sure go ahead."  Molly put the back of her hand to Bannister's neck.  She started laughing uncontrollably.  "Hahahaha, stop it.  Hahahaha, no really cut it out.  Hahahaha, it's not funny!"  Molly pulled her hand away and the laughing stopped.  Bannister said "Wow, that actually felt good."  Molly smiled. "Dr. Frankenfunny says you're welcome."  Lupe said "But seriously which doesn't happen that often, the effect of the drug Tracy gave you occurs almost instantly.  You'll be able to bend steel.  So be careful.  "We're almost at your house.  You look nice.  We did a good job fixing you up."  Bannister said "What about Dax?  He's supposed to be driving me home.  And where's my cell phone? "  "The jerks busted up your phone.  Michael here will pull the chip and transfer all your data to a new phone.  We'll give it to you tomorrow.  And, just tell your dad he wasn't any fun so you ditched him and went with us to eat at Denny's."

The Suburban pulled into the driveway.  It was very late so her worried father came outside to see what the problem was, especially since it was a different vehicle.  The Pioneers jumped out and profusely apologized for getting his daughter home so late.  Lupe showed him the man they hired to safely drive them around that night.  Mike flashed his federal law enforcement badge which calmed him down.

He said "I'm so happy you had a good time."  He looked at Lupe. "It's been hard for Bannister to make friends.  She comes from a long line of nerds."  Lupe giggled and said don't worry Mr. Ridgely, in ten years all the popular kids are going to be working for us.  You can bank on it."  He liked Lupe's spunk.  The Bandidas said goodbye and drove off.  As they were walking in the house he said "I'm glad you're ok.  I was really worried about you."  She hugged him. "You're the best dad a girl could ever have."  He yelled "Baby, not so hard.  You're about to crush my chest.  I didn't know you were so strong."  "Sorry, dad.  I'm really tired so I'll turn in now.  Goodnight, daddy."  "Goodnight, baby."  Bannister stayed awake for thirty minutes going over everything that happened so she wouldn't forget.  Then she looked up into the darkness and said "Thanks" and fell fast asleep.

Blinking to another world 
March 14, 2019, Manhattan.  Jacob Jackson's beautiful mother Azalea was standing in the living room of their richly decorated penthouse apartment on Park Avenue in New York City.  "Come here baby."  As her eyes teared up. "I'm so proud of you."  She paused holding his head in her hands slowly admiring his face. "Tomorrow you'll be part of the most important event in human history."  She broke down crying. "But I don't know what I'd do if I lost you."  "Momma, I'll be fine.  Don't worry.  We're too smart to let anything go wrong.  I promise you in eight days I'll be back giving you a big hug.  Ok, momma?"  Azalea collected herself and hugged him once more.  Holding him as tightly as she could, "You go son, go make history!"  "Love you mom."  Jacob walked out the door with three large agents leading the way to the roof where an armed Blackhawk was waiting with two Apaches hovering overhead.

New Mexico.  Norma was cooking dinner at home in the upper valley between El Paso and Las Cruces.  Larry walked into the kitchen and made one final plea. "You know you really don't need to do this.  Everything would be just fine without you there."  "Yes Larry, but I want to go.  This is the greatest moment in history.  You may not think fate has led us to this point but your memory is a little too convenient.  When I was nine you saved my life.  When I was thirty and thirty-one I saved yours, Elon's, Mark's and Sergey's."  

As she put the chile relleno casserole in the oven she continued "Too much coincidence.  Something brought Tony, Lupe, and you into my circle.  I wouldn't have believed in my wildest dreams the life I've led since July 1st, 2017.  I met the future leader of the army of Chinese mothers for God's sake.  And it gave us the opportunity to help China to truly become a free nation directly run by the People."

"I absolutely have to go!  And that's all there is to it, Larry."  He held her close and with sad eyes "I don't know what I would do if I lost you.  Life wouldn't be worth living."  She laughed and said "Get real, Larry.  Ultimately none of us should look to others for validation.  Your life would go on just fine."  She winked at him. "It wouldn't be the same since I'm such a hot babe, but you'd be ok.  Trust me."  Connie was sitting at the kitchen table finishing her homework.  "I trust her dad.  I wish I was going."  "Don't worry, mija.  You'll have plenty of opportunities on future missions."  

That evening next door K'akana, Summer, and Lupe just finished preparing the most delicious chile verde enchiladas.  Each plate had two quick fried corn tortillas dipped in a special green sauce laid flat in the traditional New Mexico style, with grated yellow and white cheese between the layers and on top.  K'akana placed a sunny side up egg on top of that with generous amounts of pico de gallo.  Next to the enchilada were portions of shredded lettuce, sliced tomato and guacamole.  And as a side dish was a small cup of menudo with minced onions, oregano, cut limes, and ground paprika.  Lupe poured four tall glasses of rice horchata with vanilla and cinnamon.  With everything ready Tony asked K'akana if she would give the blessing.  They held hands and this beautiful Zia medicine woman prayed:

"Great Spirit, this day we pray and ask you for your guidance.  Humbly we ask you to help us and all those on earth to have recourse to peaceful ways.  Help us all to love, not hate.  Let us be seen in beauty like the colors of the rainbow."

"We respect our Mother Earth and all other future hospitable planets."

"It is our duty to pray always for harmony between people, the earth, and the universe so wherever we may live, the land will bloom and flourish.  Keep our minds clear and pure as the snow that forms mountain streams.  Let us never bring the cancer of hate, lust, and bitterness into any new worlds.  Please protect the brave individuals on their journey into your great universe."

K'akana then spoke a chant in an ancient language never heard before, even by her daughter.  It was in the sacred language of the travelers from the stars.  She asked these friendly beings to help the crew on their very important mission.  

K'akana smiled "Well, let's enjoy this wonderful food before it gets cold."  Tony said "Thank you my love."  Since August of last year Tony and K'akana have come to know and trust each other, and have fallen deeply in love.

K'akana reflected "Even though our numbers are small, I have to believe we are the chosen ones.  Thousands of years ago the star people visited the Pueblos and Mexica (Me shee ka) and told us we would someday travel like them.  But they warned us to be of pure mind and noble heart.  Now the day has come.  A Human (Indian) invented the machine to take us there and other Humans will accompany her to the far reaches of space.  It is our time, Tony.   They planted the seed in our spirit and it's finally germinated." 

Next to Tony's home was the largest of the three hangars which had seven nice apartments built inside.  One of the luxury apartments belonged to Cletus.  After eating a cold cut sandwich, he was resting on the divan holding a picture of his deceased wife, Maisie.  While sipping a couple fingers of Johnny Walker Red he was fondly reminiscing about their wonderful life together.  "Maisie, I told you someday we'd do something big.  I just wish you were here to share it with me."  He looked up, "But I know you're looking down from heaven smiling that big smile that always lit up a room.  You might want to pray for us.  This is very important.  We have to do it right."  Cletus kissed the photo. "I miss you."  After finishing the whiskey he thought "I didn't want to intrude during their supper, but Lupe made me promise I'd come over and enjoy some arroz con leche  with a hot cup of cafe con leche . All that milk should help me sleep like a baby tonight.  Don't forget, I need to muster at 0600.  I never in my wildest dreams thought my life would be like this.  Some horrible times and some wonderful times.  What a strange rollercoaster ride.  But I wouldn't have had it any other way.  Except I wish you were still here my love.  God Bless little Lupe and that crazy Norma.  Tomorrow they're going to have the best warrior in the nation watching their back."

In her home in Las Cruces, Molly was making a last run through the things she needed.  "Mom, did you pack my toothbrush?"  "Yes, mija.  You're all packed and ready."  Silvia, her mother, said " Xochitl Metztli (pronounced "So cheet Mes tlee", it means moon flower).  My beautiful water flower that blooms by the light of the moon.  I want your real name recorded in history.  I proudly gave you that name because you are Mexica (Me shee ka)."  Molly interrupted "Yes, I know mom.  For hundreds of maternal generations the story and language has carried with us.  The Mexica are a tiny splinter group of three thousand Rarámuri in the northern part of Copper Canyon where I was born.  I don't know why we're called Rarámuri when it means only the men, and the women are called Omugi.  I know that most of my ancestors migrated south to become Aztecs.  But we stayed and still proudly speak ancient Nahuatl (pronounced na-waht).  But do you realize how foreign and creepy I'd be if all my classmates knew my real name and where I'm from?"  "You're right.  Teenagers can be very xenophobic.  But promise me, when you graduate from high school you'll put your name in the Peoples Museum."  Molly walked over and hugged her mom.  "Don't worry.  Everything's going to be ok.  It's just a few days."  Silvia said "I'm ok."  "Mom, you're talking to your daughter.  Because of you I have the gift of clairvoyance to see your innermost feelings.  It's when you obsess about small and transient things it tells me you're really worried.  Mom, don't worry. Ok?  I'll be fine.  Listen, I'm the only one who has any chance of communicating with any life we might encounter.  For the safety of everybody on this mission, I have to go."

In another home in Las Cruces "Johnnie Vee, do you have everything packed?"  "Mom, you need to call me Tracy.  If you go between my real name and my assigned name you'll slip up when we're out in public.  Elon and Mark promised that sometime after I graduate from high school I can go back to my real name."  "I'm sorry honey; I just like to say it.  You know I named you..."  Tracy interrupted "You named me after my grandmother, the first woman president of the University of Georgia.  Mom, the kids at school don't need to know I'm a young Pioneer.  A couple kids in Macon know that a girl named Johnnie Vee was very strong.  If my classmates in Las Cruces knew, it would really screw things up for me.  And the Peoples Secret Service went to a lot of trouble erasing me off the internet.  I just want to lead a normal life like everybody else.  Ok, mama?"  "Of course baby.  I'm so proud of you.  What you've accomplished completely eclipses everything any of your ancestors have ever done.  I see a lot of my mom in you.  You've always been very independent and resourceful.  That's probably why you insisted on taking everything to survive in case y'all can't get back.  I expected the vegetable and fruit tree seeds.  But I wouldn't have thought of honey bees and earth worms, or the incubating chicken and duck eggs, or the two baby goats.  You're even bringing bass, trout, and catfish fingerlings."

"Don't worry, mom.  I'll be back in less than a week.  We'll be ok."  "Just be careful what you touch and keep your breathing filter on.  The initial probes came back indicating airborne microbes.  The samples brought back were innocuous, but you can never tell."  Hazel has a doctorate in Biology.  She's been a good source of information for her daughter.  "I know, mom.  I will."  Tracy's dad, Bob, had to be out of town on business.  He's a scientist working on better methods to remove salt from seawater.  He Skyped Tracy several times to make sure she's ok.  "Mom, I think I'll go to bed early tonight.  I might have to be up for several days straight.  You never know."  "Ok baby, goodnight."  "Good night momma."

It's ten in the morning on March 15, 2019.  Lupe chose this day for good luck.  It was that day a year ago sitting with her dad on top of the Organ Mountains when she realized how to travel through space using threads of time fused with harmonic energy.  It was a bright clear morning, about twenty degrees cooler than a year ago.  Mark, Elon, and Lupe were standing on a platform which had a giant bus like vehicle full of equipment and individuals.  It was slowly rising from one hundred feet below the surface.  When it cleared the top, Lupe looked up to the point on the mountain where she sat with her dad.  "I had a good time that day."  She thought "You'd never guess a growing city is on the other side of this beautiful desert mountain."   She said "This is it.  The first humans to visit another planet.  Kepler 186f located 490 light years from earth.  2.94 quadrillion miles.  Wow."

Mark said "I don't understand why you insisted on being part of this mission."  "Uncle Mark, you know I'm the only one who really knows how this process works.  And I'm the only one who can fix it if something goes wrong."  Tony was in the vehicle waiting for his daughter.  He wasn't about let her go without him.  Late last night K'akana told Tony she had a vision she that had to go.  He didn't want her to but he respected her spirit which had the wisdom of the ancients, so he relented.

Lupe was the last one to step into the giant land rover/spaceship.  She looked at her eager anxious passengers "Is everyone ready?  I know I've said this a bunch of times, but make sure your gloves are off and we're all holding hands and your bare feet are touching the spacecraft and the animals."  She looked at Jerome . "Jerome, stop scratching your face.  This is it buddy."  Then she looked at Mike the pilot. "Power up the antigravity magnets and the fan jets."  The vehicle rose and maintained a position three feet above the platform.  Once everyone was ready she giggled and said "Cross my fingers and poke your eye.  Bye Earth."

After some minutes the vehicle arrived at its destination floating close to the surface.  But the ground was inclined at a thirty degree angle.  The craft's turbine fans lifted the vehicle up and Mike flew it over to a nice level spot close to a lake about a quarter mile away.  He gradually shut the turbines off to see how the magnetic propulsion system was performing.  Excellent.  The bus was maintaining a distance of two feet above the ground.  Mike said "Great, everything is working perfectly.  We didn't even need to pop on the enhanced solid fuel rocket engines."

Lupe chose Cletus and her dad to head security for the expedition.  She also insisted Tracy, Molly, and Jacob be there.  

A probe tested the density and weight capacity of the surface.  Excellent.   Mike set the craft down with no problems.  Tracy checked her instruments. "Just as our probes last month indicated, the atmosphere is very similar to earths and has a good quantity per cubic foot.  There's a little more oxygen content at thirty percent but that's ok.  The sensors are not picking up any toxic gasses."  Lupe said "Great!  Mike, please release a couple security drones so we can have a bird's eye view of what's going on."  "Drones released. Video and radar is sharp and clear."  Tony was very impressed with Tobi, the waitress who worked at the B&B, so he recruited her.  They wanted the best.  Tobi brought six of her most trusted warriors who she fought with in Afghanistan.  Considering the gravity of this mission and understanding Norma's street smarts and combat skills, Cletus asked her to come along too.

Larry promised Norma that his agents would make sure her girls were safe while he was away at work.  Larry absolutely did not want his wife to go, but he couldn't stop her.  Norma believed Lupe needed a tough Apache to understand and react properly to new situations as they were unfolding on the most important mission in human history.  Lupe is no fool.  She wanted the best of the best to be there.  She also wisely insisted Cletus accompany them because of his decades of experience and loyalty.  

So, the thirty brave souls consisted of security, biologists, physicists, and a Zia Medicine woman.  All of them were given Tracy's chemical boost.  Molly and K'akana were clairvoyants which was extremely important considering the circumstances.  Lupe insisted she be the only one with the Blinking device because it would lessen the chances of any malicious aliens coming to earth.  She could, by voice command, destroy the device if it ever came to that.

Way before any instruments detected it, Molly and K'akana said they felt an intelligence coming their way.  Mike turned on the plasma and laser disrupter shields.  They waited.  

Upon arrival in his air ship, the being observed and took readings.  They call themselves the Calix.  He sent a message to the others of his kind giving a visual description and his readings.  Molly and K'akana understood the communication.  

Lupe was looking at the ship positioned above them on the monitor.  She asked "Molly, what's going on?  Do you understand them?"  "Yes, it seems they are very curious about us.  I feel an extreme confidence and power.  I'd recommend we do nothing except maybe have Cletus and I walk outside to greet it.  I sense it could destroy us like stepping on an ant.  So far the being doesn't want to."  Lupe turned to K'akana "Is that what you see?"  "Yes.  Exactly."   Lupe said "Have at it Molly.  Be careful.  Stay close to the rover.  Don't hesitate to run back inside if you feel any danger.  I can instantly pop us out of here.  Ok?"  The group agreed with the plan.  Cletus stepped out first with Molly right behind.

She opened with feelings of "Hello.  We are from a distant planet called Earth.  We come in peace."  Molly waited for a response.  After a minute she felt in her thoughts "Why have you come here?"  She replied "We are looking for other hospitable worlds to live.  We came to this planet because it can sustain our life.  This is our first venture away from our planet.  If we ever decided to stay and if you allowed it, we would want our presence to be a compliment and not a detriment to your world."  

The being said "I'm going to land this craft and come out.  Is that ok?"  Molly replied "Yes."  She told Cletus to stand back and keep his weapon down.  He landed, a door opened.  A small creature stepped out.  It was a biped and hominid looking, except shorter and skinnier.  His thoughts said "May I approach and place my hand on your hand.  It will be a quicker link to your mind."  Molly said "I'm already seeing further into yours.  You could easily destroy us.  Our lives are relatively short and we would like to stay alive for as long as possible."  "If you want us to leave, please tell me now.  If we are an unusual item to investigate then discard, please tell me and we will be happy to leave."  The Calix said "It is our nature to learn.  We respect life.  I won't hurt you."  She said "Then let's communicate further."  The alien smiled and thought "Come here then, and give me your hand."   Molly thought "Ok, but first I need to talk to my people."

Over the intercom she said "This creature does not want to hurt us.  It is being friendly.  Don't anybody move.  If it believes we are a danger it has the power to obliterate us.  Do you understand?"  Lupe said "Yes Molly.  Go girl.  Do what you need to keep us safe."  Molly smiled, reached out and took his hand.  She felt extraordinary extremely refined intelligent energy flowing throughout her body.  Lupe came on the intercom "Well, are you enjoying holding hands with the little guy.  I have to be honest; I don't think he's your type."  Molly replied "Be quiet, he's going through my mind.  It's amazing he can even do it.  So I'll just stand here for as long has he wants."  Lupe said "That's cool.  I don't see us having anywhere to go until we get the green light from these beings."  So they waited.  After a while she was getting tired of standing.  He understood and asked her to sit down.  The hand holding continued for about 30 minutes.  The creature finally released her hand and with his thoughts he said "Thank you, Xochitl Metztli, also known as Molly.  I'm glad they sent you and the other Native Americans.  Our ancient history tells us a race of star travellers came to our planet.  They also indicated they went to a planet that matches your earth.  And you match their description of the special earth creatures.  They told us that one day you would come here and we should welcome you.

You are a species that kills to survive.  We disdain that characteristic.  Instead we draw our energy straight from the ground.  Straight from atoms in rocks and carbon based matter that was once alive.  We don't kill and eat creatures.  We also do not kill to have land for propagation.

I would love to meet the four other humans you call Native Americans inside your starship."  Molly thought to him "While you were holding my hand I was looking into your mind, too.  Even though you have vocal cords you choose not to speak.  Your thought processes are very fast.  I can understand why you speak telepathically.  But would you try to speak to us with sound waves so the others can understand you."  The creature spoke. "Of course.  Is this ok?  I like the language of English, but I would really enjoy speaking your language of Nahuatl.  It's very similar to the language of the ancient star travelers.  Molly thought to him "Can we keep that a secret.  Nobody knows about our legends of star travellers visiting the Rarámuri thousands of years ago.  I'd like to keep it that way."  He responded "Of course, I understand.  Let's talk to Cletus and the rest of your friends... in English."  

Tony cautiously opened the rover's door.  The Calix walked in and said with an unusual accent "Hello, the sound of my name is Tang.  Molly was gracious enough to allow me to download a copy of her memory into my being.  She is an extraordinary human.  May I come aboard and shake hands with all of you?"  Most of the crew stared in disbelief.  Tang looked at Molly. "I can't easily understand what they are thinking, Molly.  I need to practice more with human minds.  You asked me to vocalize with them.  Why won't they speak back?"  Molly laughed and said "Give them a moment to get over the shock.   Be patient.  We don't think or communicate as fast as you would like."

Tony held out his hand. "I'm Tony Solis.  It's an honor to meet and communicate with somebody not from earth."  "From Molly's memory, I know who all of you are, but I want to personally greet you and shake your hand."  Tang one by one met the entire crew.  Lupe felt uncomfortable with the hand holding thing so she made sure her gloves were on when she clasped Tang's hand.  

After meeting everyone, Tang went back to K'akana.  He said "I see in your mind you carry with you the language of the ancient space travelers.  He switched to their language. "As you can see they visited us too."   K'akana responded in the ancient language. "This is a pleasant surprise.  I've often wondered about them."  Tang said "You didn't know they were our creators?"  K'akana was shocked. "What?!"  Tang said "Actually it was they who brought life to our planets and I'm sure to many other planets."  K'akana said "I don't understand."  Tang said "K'akana... we are like them.  But as you can see, we've changed to adapt to our environment.  We both have DNA but ours is quad helix and yours is double.  We eat by pulling electrons directly out of rocks and nutrients from rotting carbon based matter.  You take sugar into your cells and mix it with oxygen and it releases free electrons to keep your cells alive.  And you need to eat plant and animal cells for nutrients."  K'akana walked with Tang outside the ship. "Please I need to sit down.  This is astonishing."

Tang looked at the others who followed and said in English "I just gave K'akana some shocking information that she's trying to work through."  Molly understood and said to the others "Please, let's go back inside and sit down.  Our medicine woman is trying to make some sense of this."  Tony said "Of what?"  Molly said "Be patient.  It would be best if K'akana told us."  Norma said "It's ok everybody.  My senses tell me everything is fine."

As K'akana was sitting on a small boulder, she thoughtfully asked "Do we exist as vehicles for the release of electrons into the free universe?  Or do we exist using electrons to keep this assemblage of cells as our functioning bodies so we can do things like travel to other planets and simply enjoy the benefits of our cognitive existence?"  Tang said "We've often wondered that ourselves.  You humans understand that everything in this tangible universe is made of atoms.  And atoms are composed of electrons, neutrons, protons and infinitely smaller particles.  They apply forces we have yet to fully understand.  Your knowledge stops at the sub-particle level.  We understand that everything in this existence is scaled.  By that I mean we exist and our comprehension exists at this scaled level.  But if we were able, we could comprehend an existence at a super sub-particle level.  And it's not just size that our comprehension is limited to, it is also time, or what we perceive as time.  We, the Calix, have made great strides at speeding up and slowing down the cognitive oscillations in our minds.  So we have been able to see and comprehend more than you humans.  We can't but what if we could accelerate our oscillations to a quadrillion times faster to the power of a quadrillion.  Then an atomic sub-particle which exists for only a moment would exist for almost an eternity.  Do you see what I'm saying?  The reverse is also true.  Slow the oscillations down to almost nothing and cognitive eternity will be almost an instant.  We call scaling of size the fifth dimension, and scaling of cognitive oscillations the sixth dimension.  And apparently your Lupe has discovered and harnessed a seventh dimension of harmony."   K'akana said "But none of this has brought us any closer to the answer."

K'akana continued "We were taught the Great Spirit has no beginning and no end.  I now wonder if the Great Spirit is actually our universe.  Will we never be able to scale down to the smallest size and shortest time, and will we never be able to discover the largest thing and the slowest time?"  Tang thought her question was funny "Long ago we decided there was no end to increasing or decreasing.  And then we thought this could easily be a labyrinth created to keep us from the real truth.  The eternity of size and time in both directions just doesn't make any sense.  There has to be something else being kept hidden from us."  K'akana said "Go on."  Tang smiled and said "The seventh dimension your Lupe stumbled on to may have at least part of the answer.  It may have been preordained that she would discover it.  She believes that harmony will bring the past, present, and the future together.  At that point, time will reach perfection and all will be one."

K'akana laughed "What if everything at one time was in a forced harmony and it wasn't what it was cracked up to be.  Then what if a big bang were created to end it?  And what if energy locked up in matter still wants to be free?  What if the original organized harmony meant pure imprisonment?  What if we are simply vehicles helping energy to free itself?"  He smiled and said "All this still doesn't get us any closer to what the ultimate intelligence is and why."  She concluded "That's ok; at least we know we are related.  We'll eventually understand."  K'akana stood and placed her hand down on Tang's shoulder "If all that you said is true then brother you should come with us as we explore other planets.  Your observations of new places would add to our mutual ability to understand this universe."  After a few moments he said "I just spoke with my people and they agree.  Please stay here for the few daylight periods you have scheduled to do your research.  Then after your memorial ceremony on July 1st we will take some trips together.  Come back in thirty earth planet rotations to this spot and I will be waiting to discuss it further.  Today I'll examine your ship.  Maybe we can bolster its power and protection.  If we are to do this, we need to do it right." 

Molly standing next to them understood the entire conversation.  She asked "May I say something?"  Tang said sure.  Molly continued "When I first met Lupe she told me she believed in bridges of cognition.  Being able to understand how the mind can relate to and interpret events our senses pick up.   She even believed the true definition of time is consciousness and not just a measure of movement.  Stuff can be happening all around us, but we can't tell unless we are aware of it.  That's the magic.  And now you are saying sub-particles are the magic?  They may actually be life.  During my last year of research that's what I've thought.  Tang said "We've discovered electrons are also vehicles just like us but only on a smaller scale.  We don't yet know what causes the forces of attraction and repulsion."  Molly responded "It's obvious we are just a machine composed of and made by these particles and they are both the fuel and the driver.  The level of consciousness and cognition is the product of all the energy within the atoms that make up our bodies.  I think whatever this "energy" is, it will eventually lead us to the source of life.  Something enabled us to eventually become vehicles.  Things just don't happen.  They happen for a reason.  And it's not exclusively through natural selection as Darwin suggested.  Natural selection is only a component to determine the most suitable existence in a given environment.  We were made for a reason.  For survival.  Frankly I like this symbiotic relationship thing.  They form us.  We believe we are individuals, which we aren't.  It gives us comfort to believe that.  It's a gift.  But it's very paradoxical because we are them.  A bazillion tiny units of life energy constructed us and are in a sense using us, which are themselves, to liberate life's energy into this open universe?  In effect these bits of energy will eventually leave the gravity of the planet and be free to travel into outer space.  Or the coming true of the second law of thermodynamics...entropy.  Energy seeks entropy because it wants to.  It's a sort of self-actualization.  But then K'akana suggested we may have already achieved a form of pure harmony which may have caused the big bang.   I wish there were some way we could communicate with this energy.  Tang asked "To what end.  You may be disappointed with the answer."  K'akana added "I hope not.  Both our species are naturally curious.  Does life want to taunt us or will it eventually let us know."  Tang said "With Lupe's help we can begin the journey to find out.  What do you say we get started?"

Two more Calix creatures arrived.  They allowed the humans to check out the area within a ten mile radius on land and a hundred mile radius by air.  Mike also launched a small satellite to orbit the planet.

The Calix enjoyed the humans because of their emotional aspects.  They are much older than us.  They have evolved into a species that loves to be stimulated.  We are like a stimulant.  They loved the exhilaration felt every time one of the humans touched them.  It was our emotions they loved.  Just the good ones.  The bad emotions were real downers so they tried to keep the humans happy.

After a day, Molly caught on.  She was perplexed not knowing if it was good or bad.   Molly had a thoughtful talk with Tang.  She expressed her concerns.  She let him know that humans, even though not as advanced as the Calix, were still creatures deserving care and respect.  We are not toys or drugs.  She referred him to her memories of people becoming addicted to drugs on earth and how the addiction hurt them.  Tang said "Yes I understand, but isn't it better to enjoy your company than not?"

The planet had an abundance of flora and fauna with an assortment of creatures.  Some mineralivores and some herbivores.  While the crew explored and took in information the three Calix made changes to their ship to make it safer and more powerful.  

The trip was a success.  Important new friendships were forged that will last for countless millennia.

Young again
April 1, 2019.  Night time in Beijing.  After a long day Norma was finally resting on the sofa in her hotel suite.  She just got off a conference call with Jacob, Tracy, Molly, and Lupe.  They reassured her that her mom and dad would be ok.  The procedure was very technical but workable.  Everyone in the medical portion of the research facility will be there to make sure it's a success.  Norma said "I understand the risks are high.  I wouldn't let anybody else but you four do this.  You're the best.  Good luck and God Bless.  And, thank you."

It's been eight months since Norma's first of five lengthy trips to China.  Just like in the US, there were many difficulties to work through as well as too many blunders along the way.  But finally the system will be completely online thanks to thousands of Chinese computer experts and Larry's cadre of geeks.

Last September Norma assembled several thousand Americans to help her with the cause.  She suggested to Zìyóu that they send teams throughout the country to interview citizens.  Two American and three Chinese professionals formed a team.  Five thousand of these teams fanned out across China to get a feel of what the People needed the most and also to spot any fraud or oppression which may be occurring.  The information gleaned from these teams proved invaluable in the transition process.  

A new comprehensive Constitution was created, voted on, and approved by a super majority of the citizens in China.  Manufacturing and providing of services are no problem.  The biggest problem was organizing and directing the effort, and also providing adequate and nourishing food for the People.   Many agreements were worked out between the US and China where food was traded for manufactured goods.  In the meantime the US is assisting China with the construction of fifty desalinization plants off their east coast.  Through the tireless efforts of millions of dedicated individuals, China has become a nation of free and happy people.  

The Chinese work ethic is the highest on earth.  In only eight months thousands of Photovoltaic and wind energy projects have been completed.  The air quality has improved dramatically.  Many desalinization plants have been completed and are now delivering water to arid parts of China.  

April 2, 2019.  It was morning at White Sands Research Facility.  Lupe was standing at the main door.  "Connie, glad to see you girl.  Are they coming in?"  "Security is bringing them right now.  Hey Jacob, long time no see.  How you been?"  "Very well, thank you.  And let me reassure you again about this procedure.  Even though your grandparents are the first humans, all the recent testing we've done on pigs and primates have been extremely successful.  After Lupe told me about how much their health was failing, I knew we had to help."  Molly said "Here they come.  Pobecitos. (poor things)  Neither of them can walk now."  Sophia and Nellie were walking next to the wheelchairs holding their hands as they entered through the automatic door.  Pablo looked up at Lupe. "Hola, Lupe.  Gracias otra vez por la oportunidad." (Hello Lupe.  Thanks again for the opportunity.)  We don't mind being your how do you say it... lab mice."  Lupe hugged them both.  Molly and Tracy also hugged them.  Molly was very emotional.  Lupe introduced Pablo to Jacob as the one spearheading this revolutionary work.  Pablo shook his hand.  "Un hombre Negro jovencito.  Me siento como estoy de regreso en el hogar Newark ahora. (A young Black man.  I feel like I'm back at home in Newark.)  Lupe has told me a lot about you, young man.  You are truly a genius."  "Thank you.  I appreciate your kind words."  He had them wheeled into the procedure room.  Pablo's wife Magdalena has Alzheimer's disease and can't speak or comprehend anymore.  But Pablo was talking to her hoping she will at least get a glimmer of what was about to happen.  He said in Spanish "I love you, my dear wife.  Life hasn't been good to either one of us.  I'm in my late fifties but I feel like I'm eighty.  And you, my beautiful flower.  You have been robbed of your mental abilities."  As she was staring out into space he clasped her hand and looked straight at Jacob and firmly said "Listo.  Let's do it!"  They were placed on hospital beds and given a strong sedative.  The technicians in the room were at their monitoring stations.  Jacob carefully injected the treatment into their IVs.  After a minute of observation he said "Their brain, heart and respiration look very good.  All we can do now is wait and see.  The next injection is in four hours.  Let's minimize the lighting.  And be sure to check Magdalena's catheter bag every thirty minutes.  Her metabolism will randomly spike as her body cells undergo change."  Jacob walked over to Pablo half awake in bed and whispered "Don't worry Pablo, the love of your life will soon return."  Pablo made a small sound then fell asleep.  

Over four weeks had passed.   Norma back from her trip came rushing into the facility.  On her cellphone she said "Lupe, I'm here.  How are they doing?  Are they still ok?"  "They're fine.  Security knows you're coming.  Just show them your ID.  They've been instructed to bring you straight to us.  Hurry.  We're anxious to see you."

Lupe, Jacob, Molly, and Tracy greeted Norma as she passed through the final security point.  Lupe gave Norma a big hug.  She looked into Norma's eyes and started to giggle "You need to prepare yourself for what you're about to see, Auntie Norma.  Now don't forget, they're still your parents.  You need to treat them accordingly.  Ok?"  Jacob standing next to Lupe held Norma by the shoulders looking at her straight into the eyes. "Norma, please don't say or do anything stupid.  They are your parents.  Ok?"  Norma was surprised with all this talk. "Ok. Ok.  Now please let me see them!"

The group walked for what seemed like an eternity passing through many corridors and finally into the employee dining area.  Lupe calls it Valhalla.  Over in the far corner she saw a young couple joking around and laughing but the rest of the room was empty.  Norma looked at Lupe. "Well, where are they?"  Lupe smiled and pointed at the two eighteen year olds in the corner.  At that moment Pablo and Magdalena saw her.  "Mija!  Ven aqui.  What do you think!"  Norma said "Papi?...  Mami?..."  She fainted, hitting her head on the floor.

Jacob cracked open some smelling salts and held it under Norma's nose.  When she came to she felt someone holding her hand and heard in a strong Spanish accent "Are you ok, baby?"  Norma focused and it was this teenage girl talking to her.  She quickly snatched her hand away.  Then Jacob intervened and held Norma by the shoulders again. "Say hello to your parents."  Then he squeezed her shoulders "Talk to them with respect.  They're your parents."  Norma looked at the young pioneers. "You told me you would make them better, but I had no idea you would do THIS."  After hearing that statement come out of Norma's mouth, Magdalena couldn't stop laughing.  "What's the matter Norma?  Come here and give your young mom a big hug."  The realization finally hit her.  "Mom?...  Dad?..."  She took a moment and carefully looked into their eyes.  "Are you still in there?..."  That statement really got her parents laughing.  Her mom said "Of course we are.  Except now I can probably kick your butt."  Norma, very shocked but convinced said "Yep, you're my mom.  Pure Apache."  Norma looked at Jacob. "Can I hug them?  Will I hurt them?"  "Yes, of course.  But along with the treatments to renew their cells, we gave your parents some of Tracy's formula for strength, endurance, and body repair, so I warned them not to hurt you."  Maggie said "Come here baby, give your parents a big hug."  Norma broke down and cried tears of happiness as she was holding her mom and dad.  Maggie said "It's nice to be back.  I understood what was going on as I got deeper into Alzheimer's.  It really sucked.  And look, all my old grey hair has fallen out and new dark Apache hair is growing in.  See."  She lifted her wig a little.
  
In a few minutes all three were sitting at the table in the corner eating a late breakfast.  The four young pioneers were sitting at a table nearby beaming with accomplishment.  As Jacob was looking over he said "That's exactly why we do what we do.  Can you think of any better way to occupy your time?"  Tracy said "Wow Jacob, I never thought something like this would ever happen.  Not in my wildest dreams.  But there they are."  Lupe said "We need to keep a lid on this at least for a while.  I can just see a bunch of old people rioting across America clamoring for the fountain of youth.  You realize we've done what Ponce de Leon and the rest of humanity couldn't do."  Molly said "This is really big.  But it still belongs to the People.  We just have to educate them about the up side and down side of all this."  Jacob said "We'll wait until we understand it better.  But we must never withhold this or any other kind of medical care once we realize it's safe."  They all uncomfortably agreed. 

While Norma and her parents were eating breakfast the following conversation occurred in Spanish:  "Mom, you're really beautiful."  "Of course I am.  Where do you think you got your looks from?"  Pablo said "Hey, I take exception to that.  Remember she's part me."  Maggie said "Is that right?  So stand up and show us your sexy feminine parts."  Pablo said "That's not funny, Maggie."  Norma couldn't believe her parents were so sharp, feisty and full of energy.  That just wasn't the mom and dad she grew up with.  She looked at Pablo "I can see why mom married you.  You're really handsome, Dad."  "Thank you for the complement.  See Maggie, some people think I'm really handsome."  Maggie replied "Don't be so full of yourself.  I always wondered where you got that giant ego from."  He laughed and said "You used to always tell me I got it from a box of Cracker Jacks."  She remembered and smiled "Oh yeah, the cheap prize at the bottom of the box."  He grinned and said "But I was able to charm the most beautiful girl on the reservation.  Something must have worked."  She said "It must have been that deer you shot for me on my seventeenth birthday.  Or it could have been the silver and turquoise love medallion you made for me."  He was holding her hand and said "But then again it could have been my kisses."  He made his eyebrows go up and down.  Norma said "Ok, this is getting to be a little too much information for your daughter to hear."  Maggie wasn't listening to Norma.  Instead she was focused on Pablo's eyes.  They both stood and like young lovers they embraced and began intensely kissing.  "Mo'om, Da'ad, that's gross."  Maggie laughed. "Don't look."  

Norma walked over to the young pioneers and sat with them.  "Damn Jacob, I think you created a monster, two monsters."  "Some people that age are very impetuous."  Norma replied "But they're in their late fifties!  Look...  Mom is grabbing dad in places she shouldn't."  The others at the table were laughing at Norma getting upset with her parents for being so physically romantic.  Lupe said "Can you even imagine how great that feels.  They get do-overs!"

Pablo ran over to Jacob.  "We're thinking about going back to our room now.  Can we...  you know... is it ok now?"  Jacob said "Of course, Mr. Ba'cho.  Just keep your monitor belts on.  We need to constantly read your vitals.  Ok?"  "Great!  Maggie and I really appreciate what you've done.  Gotta go!"  He glanced at Norma and said "Ay te watcho, mija."  Pablo ran back to Maggie and took her hand as they walked superfast.  He grabbed her cute little backside at the door and she said "You bad boy, I'll give you exactly one hour to stop that!"  Lupe smiled at Norma and said "Kids these days.  What can you do?"  Norma responded "Oy vey."  She continued "My fourteen year old Connie is just a little younger than my parents now.   Connie told me they haven't seen them yet.  Is that true?"  Lupe said "Yes".  Norma said "Boy, will they ever be shocked."

The next morning Norma's children were allowed to come in.  When they first saw them, instead of fainting, the girls started touching their faces and arms and hands in an exploratory manner.  The girls wanted to start doing things with their teenage grandparents.  Maggie and Pablo wanted to travel down to Mexico and have a good time dancing, drinking, and seeing the sights.  It took a while, but the kids finally caught on that their grandparents wanted to live fun times they were denied during their youth because they were so poor.  They had a bad taste in their mouth because of the old caste system of capitalistic oppression in the US, and they were fluent in Spanish so they wanted to give Mexico a try.  They were going to travel all over the country taking in the people, the culture, and the fun.  Their favorite pastime was finding a nice cafe/bar, drink a few Tecates con Limón, talk to the locals, and dance.  Norma insisted four young bodyguards accompany them.  They were two boring couples who cramped their style.  Pablo and Maggie were always trying to liquor them up so they could escape.  

The documentary
Friday, May 31, 2019.  First day of summer vacation.  Norma's girls are excited because today they begin their trek across the United States with Hanna.  Lupe and Molly are starting their first full day at the research center.  With Lupe's urging, Tracy decided to take a month off to help protect the group on their trek.  For over a year Lupe has been working as Tracy's spirit guide teaching her the ways of the Humans (Native American Indians).  She could see that Tracy was getting burned out and needed some time off to rest and recharge.  Norma's kids and Hanna were going out during June to video people for a documentary.  So this was a great opportunity for Tracy to do some R&R.

Larry was still busy with the final phases of helping the Chinese create the infrastructure for the People to run their country via the internet.  Since September the Chinese have been building a massive data retention center similar to the NSA site in Utah.  Also, in a few days Norma will be representing the People of United States at the Chinese Memorial and Benediction of the slaughter on June 4, 2018 at Tiananmen Square.  Then she will stay for several weeks to tour China with her dear friend Zìyóu.  So this diversion into movie making couldn't have happened at a better time for Norma's girls.

Tracy's mom, Hazel, is also going on the trip.  Part of Hanna's plan is to have the documentary be non-scripted spur of the moment encounters with people from all walks of life.  

"Come on mom.  We're going to be late."  "I'm coming.  I just had to leave a note for your father on the fridge about his supper."  "Everything's in the van.  Mike's been waiting for fifteen minutes.  Will you please come on."  "Ok.  See I'm walking."  As they got in the van, Mike greeted Hazel then pushed the remote to open the garage door.  "Finally, we're moving.  I'm really excited about this trip.  It's been forever since we've been on a vacation, mom."  Hazel replied, "I still don't understand why you girls didn't do any planning."  "Mom, it's supposed to be spontaneous.  As soon as we're in the jet, we're going to take a vote on where to go.  Isn't it great!"  "Whatever you say, Johnnie Vee."  "Mom, I'm going to officially change my name to Tracy if you don't stop calling me Johnnie Vee."  "Sorry, Tracy."  

Over at the landing strip, a security agent standing next to the aircraft said "Miss Hanna."  "Yes."  "We've finished loading the plane.  We're still waiting for Tracy and her mother."  "Thanks.  I made a pitcher of ice tea.  It's in the galley.  Pour yourself a glass.  And there's a box of French crullers, too."  Connie walked up. "So, where do you think we're going first?"  "I don't know.  Hey, here comes Tracy."  The van pulled up.  Tracy jumped out.  "Sorry we're late.  I'm always telling mom she spends too much time on details."  She whispered "I just cut through the crap and get it done."  Connie said "We're still waiting for Sophia and Nellie."  After five minutes and a hurry your butt up call, Nellie finally drove up in a golf cart with Sophia.  The music was blasting.  Nellie was singing "Because you know I'm all bout that bass bout that bass, no treble...  I'm all bout that bass bout that bass, no treble...... "Sophia jumped out, spun around with her arms in the air yelling "I'm ready to spread my wings and fly."  Agents grabbed their luggage and carried it into the plane with the girls and Hazel close behind.  

They excitedly sat down.  Hanna asked "Ok, so where are we going?"  Tracy shouted "I wanna go to Disneyland!"  Connie said "Let's go to Sea World!"  Nellie said "I wanna go skateboarding on a sidewalk along the Beach.  Weehaa!"  Hanna said "I'd like to do some surfing.  How about you, Mrs. Smith?"  "I have a passion for fashion, so Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills sounds good.  It's only three blocks but it has the world's best labels."  Hanna said "Ok then, it's decided.  We're going west to Southern California.  What do you say we start in San Diego, and then up to Los Angeles."  Everyone agreed.  Hanna told the pilot "Mike, let's set our compass for beautiful San Diego!"  "Yes ma'am."  In a few minutes the jet was airborne.  As soon as the pilot turned the seatbelt light off Connie said "How about some mood music, guys!"  She flipped her player on and selected "California Sun" to dance to.

After the song the girls settled back into their seats except for Nellie.  She went over and listened to Connie talking with Hanna. "So where are we going first?"  "I don't know.  Maybe San Diego Zoo.  I read they have a program to preserve animal DNA.  It takes like two days to see the parks."  It sounded interesting but wasn't what Nellie wanted.

Then she walked over to see what Sophia was doing.  She was watching Secret of the Wings.  Nellie had seen it before in both English and Spanish.  "There's nothing to do!"

Frustrated, she walked to the back to see what Cletus was up to. "Uncle Cletus... basketball?"  "Yeah baby, it's last night's playoff game with Golden State against the Spurs.  Stephen Curry already has twenty points and it's only the first quarter!  Come sit down.  This Curry is unbelievable."  "That's ok, Uncle Cletus.  I'm not in the mood for basketball right now."  She turned to go back to her chair.  Then she thought she'd get a glass of ice tea.  As she was standing in the galley next to where the pilots were sitting she thought "That's it!  Maybe they'll let me fly it for a while.  I love flying planes."  As she was sipping some cold tea looking at the guys she thought "Ok, let's go over the list.  I love skateboarding, BMX courses, flying fully armed Black Hawks and Apaches, flying jets, playing chess, and doing karate.  Oops, don't forget ranch dressing.  Oh, and I kind of liked kicking Javier's butt when he pushed me down on the playground last week.  I may be a little small but I turn into a monster against bullies.  Mom says I need to work on my anger issues.  Hehehehe, Javier needed to work on that black eye I gave him."  

The copilot, Alvin, out of the corner of his eye saw Nellie.  She was intensely looking at what was going on.  Smiling, she said "Scuze me, Alvin.  Mind if sit as copilot for a while?  I already have over six hundred flying hours. :-)  I'm checked out on a Longitude, a Caravan, a Citation, a G650, a F16, a F15, a Warthog, a Chinook, a fully armed Blackhawk, and an Apache.  She smiled. "So how about it, huh?"  Mike the pilot said "I don't mind."  Alvin said "I didn't get much sleep last night so the break would do me good.  But you need to get permission from Cletus.  Ok?"  "You got it."  She ran to the back and put her arm around Cletus.  With sweet little eyes she said "Uncle Cletus, you know you're my favorite Uncle."  "Ok, little one.  What do you want?"  "Can I spend some time in the copilot's chair so I can pick up some hours?  Please, please, please.  I'll be your BFF."  "My what?"  "Your best friend forever."  He laughed. "You're already my friend, little one. You don't have to butter me up.  If it's ok with Mike, go ahead.  Just remember what I taught you."  "I know, Uncle Cletus.  Never take anything for granted.  Never be complacent.  And always be aware of your surroundings.  Thank you!!!"  She gave him a quick smooch on the cheek then ran to the front and jumped in the copilot's chair while Alvin went back to watch some TV and maybe catch a few Zs.  Nellie was smiling ear to ear as she surveyed the instruments.  "I've already studied the avionics on the 8x."  Mike said "Ok.  Answer me some questions.  What's our heading and estimated time of arrival."  Nellie made a face "Come on Mike, any dummy can answer that.  Ask me something hard," as she was looking at the navigation screen. "Better yet, let me ask you a question.  How come the traffic alert and collision avoidance system hasn't identified and tagged that incoming aircraft eighty miles out and 80,000 feet up?  Our system is even supposed to tag military aircraft.  So what's up?"  Mike glanced over at the screen and said "Holy moly, where did that come from?"  Mike radioed to one of the F15s to go up and check it out.  As that was happening, Nellie noticed something behind closing fast.  She didn't waste time talking to Mike.  She immediately contacted the stationary satellite over the border between New Mexico and Arizona.  She gave it her pass code and ordered it to identify the aircraft and report.  Mike looked over at Nellie.  "I didn't know you could do that."  "Mike, I like my skin where it is.  So I got dad to teach me about his military satellites."  The satellite reported back that it was a pilotless object, shaped and travelling like a rocket at Mach 2, and White Sands has no rockets in the air.  Nellie gave the satellite her clearance number for killing and then commanded the satellite to take it down.  It responded with a high intensity laser beam.  In ten seconds it reported the kill.

Mike had already alerted Cletus with a blinking red light in the back of the cabin.  He ran to the front yelling for everyone to buckle their seatbelts.  As Mike was standing up to let Cletus sit down he said "We've got a problem.  Nellie saw an object with no tag.  It's 70 miles in front and 75,000 feet up.  It's descending straight at us.  And she just destroyed an inbound rocket from behind."  Cletus turned to Nellie "What else do you see?"  "Uncle Cletus, we just lost the F15 that went to check out the unidentified craft.  We need to take the 8x down.  Now!"  Cletus said "Do it."  Mike questioned the decision.  Cletus said "I've seen Nellie fly a jet like a BMX bike.  Don't worry, her reflexes are better than yours and mine put together."  Mike opened the flip down seat and barely got buckled in as Nellie put the jet into a hard 180 degree turn with a 35 degree decent.  Cletus contacted the satellite to identify the aircraft.  It indicated an infrared shape of a human inside and its speed was Mach one.  Cletus told the satellite to warn the aircraft on all frequencies to change direction or it will be destroyed.  It came back saying it was not responding and was holding its course and it was responsible for the destruction of the F15.  Cletus ordered the satellite to destroy it.  A few moments later it reported the bogey had some kind of disrupter shield stopping both laser and plasma particle beams.  Nellie was flying full throttle at Mach 1.5.  She yelled "I'm glad were in this Falcon.  It's got the strongest airframe and the best engines."  Cletus was busy talking to the other F15 that was climbing to check it out telling him the satellite couldn't take it down and to come back.   Nellie was on the com talking to Elon at White Sands.  Elon said "I see you on NORAD.  We are launching a ballistic missile from here.  It has a very small clean nuclear bomb.  As soon as it leaves the ground I will blink it over to just in front and above your aircraft.  Maintain your speed, slope, and direction so I can direct the rocket.  The blast will send out a giant shockwave.  You've got a 350 knot edge on him. You're looking good on radar.  Good luck, Nellie."  As Nellie and Cletus were watching the navigation screen she was saying "Hurry... hurry... hurry!  It's only twenty miles out."  The ballistic missile flash appeared out of nowhere right in front and above them.   As soon as she saw the huge missile, she changed to a 75 degree descending attitude with continued full thrust.  The missile went up into the kill zone then exploded.  The blast blew the F15 into a flat spin.  Nellie's plane shook fiercely and went into a slight uncontrolled spin.  She pulled her power back, made her ailerons neutral, then she stepped on the same side as the indicator on the digital inclinometer, and she put the elevator down.  Gradually the nose dropped and the spinning stopped.  Then she gave it full throttle, pulled up and flattened the aircraft out.  The F15 wasn't so lucky.  The pilot had to eject to safety as the jet crashed on the desert floor.  The pilot in the first F15 had also ejected.  Nellie looked at Cletus "Well, there goes our escorts."   Cletus reached over and held her shoulder "Thanks, little one.  I knew you could do it."  "Uncle Cletus, I couldn't have done it without all those bazillion of hours we spent in the air with you training me."  Cletus looked up and thought "Well Maisie, you always told me to give the youngest the most credit, trust, and encouragement.  I have a feeling you had something to do with this, mama."  He looked over at Nellie and smiled.  

Nellie asked "Well what do we do now?  We can't defend ourselves without the F15s."  Cletus let out a hearty laugh. "Looks like you did a good job without them, girl.  And look down here."  He raised a tablet on a locking pedestal and turned it to her.  "Since that fiasco with Lupe and the pickup last summer I always try to have a backup plan.  Kind of like you instinctively did a few minutes ago with Elon.  We have a gun both fore and aft.  And we have ten small nasty missiles in our belly.  But I have a feeling we won't be needing them.  Let's maintain our current course to San Diego.  We have three F16s coming to meet us."  "You got it Uncle Cletus."  

Elon came on the com.  "You guys are still talking so it must have worked."  Nellie said "Thanks, Uncle Elon.  But how did that aircraft appear out of nowhere?"  "Our best guess is the jet and the rocket came from space.  We've been working for some time on electromagnetic/ionic propulsion.  We've got a few prototypes that work very well.  Evidently the enemy has the technology too.  They probably slowed the aircraft down electromagnetically so it wouldn't burn up entering the atmosphere.  Then once the air was dense enough for lift they kicked their engines on."  "Uncle Elon, does General Steele need some help doing her job?  Cause we almost got killed up here."  On the com Cletus said "It's not that.  General Steele couldn't have seen this coming."  Elon inserted "That's right.  We'll have to fine tune our satellites to better search space.  And they may have had some kind of cloaking device."  Nellie replied "I didn't mean that.  How did they know it was us?"  Elon replied "I don't know."

After a few minutes Elon came on again "Nellie, we linked your mom and dad to this com.  Here's Norma."  "Nellie, are you ok?  They told me you were the pilot.  How are you and your sisters and everybody else?"  "Mom, I haven't had time to go look.  I'm keeping the seatbelt light on.  Mike just spoke on the intercom to tell everybody we had some difficulty but we're ok now."  Norma said "You remember last year after I finished chucking my guts up at the amusement park I told you if we ever have to fly a Blackhawk I wanted you to do it?"  "Yes."  "Well that applies to all aircraft, baby."  Nellie laughed. "Thanks, mom.  I'm just glad it worked.  Kind of like jumping a hill on my bike, doing a back loop and landing perfectly.  It's great when it all comes together."

During a brief moment of silence Nellie could barely hear her mom crying. "You're more like me than my other girls.  You seem to instantly know what to do.  Thank God."  "Thanks, mom.  Listen, if you want to speak with Connie and Sophia I'm sure you can call them on your cellphone.  I'm flying very low to the ground now.  And I need to pay a little more attention so I have say goodbye.  Ok?  Love you."  "Love you, mija."

Five minutes later Larry came on. "Nellie, I just purchased that 8x from Dassault.  Looks like they have a mole.  Purchasing it was supposed to be a secret.  I even bought it through a secret company.  But somehow they traced it to me.  They didn't want to kill you, Nellie.  They thought it was me on that plane.  Sorry."  "It's ok, dad.  If you were flying, you would be dead by now."  "Wow, you're very confident."  "Don't forget who my mother is, Dad."  He laughed and agreed.  "Bye, my little one.  Talk to you later."  "Bye Dad."

Norma and Larry called Connie and Sophia.  After that call was completed, Larry called Cletus and thanked him for everything.  Cletus said he didn't do anything.  It was Nellie who did it all.  "Well then, thanks for training her and having the confidence to allow her to do what she did."  Cletus thanked Larry for training Nellie how to operate the satellites.  Larry laughed and said "While we're at it, we need to thank Lupe for the gift of Blinking."  Cletus laughed. "You got that right, boss."  Norma, being nosey, was listening in on the conversation and said "Hey Cletus, you never call me boss.  What's the deal?"  Cletus smiled and responded "Momma, it takes everything I have just to keep up with you.  If I let you boss me around I'd never know where you're at."  Larry came on. "That's right Cletus.  You stay after her.  She's tricky."  After a good laugh, they said goodbye.  

"Uncle Cletus, I'm back up to flight level three two zero.  Mind if I take a break?  That ice tea I had earlier is knocking on the door."  "Sure, take as long as you like."  As Nellie left her seat, Mike gave her a big hug and kiss on the forehead and said "Thanks."  She made a little devilish smile and said "You owe me one.  Make sure I'm safe when I'm surfing."  "Sure.  Did you know I won a few surfing tournaments at the Pipeline in Oahu?"  "You did what, where?"  "After a few years of surfing you need to go to the North Shore in Hawaii.  It's a surfer's paradise.  And yes, I'll be in the water to make sure you're safe.  I might even show you a trick or two."  "Wow Mike, there's things about you that even impress me.  And that's hard to do."  He laughed as he took the yoke (steering wheel).  "Nellie, wait a second" as he pulled out his ipad.  "Let me show you something way more fun than skateboarding or BMXing."  He opened a video of himself and some others taking on the big waves at Teahupoo, Tahiti.  She pulled down the seat in the galley and sat quietly completely entranced.  She periodically peppered her viewing with "Holy!...  Ouch!...  Dang!...  Oh, that must have hurt!...  Wow!..."  Mike turned and said "What do you think?"  She looked up. "People can actually do this?  Those waves are gigantic!  I love it.  Mike, I want to do this!"  He said "To take on a challenge like this you have to practice for years. You have to be the best so you don't kill yourself."  "But Mike, I wanna do this!"  "Tell you what.  I'm only 21.  And I want to live to a ripe old age.  Today, instead of me protecting you, you saved my life.  So I owe you one.  If it's ok with your parents and if you genuinely want to, I'll teach you how to swim like a fish under any kind of conditions.  It takes dedication.  Ok?"  Cletus turned to Nellie. "Mike became a Navy Seal when he was 17.  He got his pilot's license when he was fifteen.  I brought him in to work for me last year.  He is the best of the best, Nellie."  If you're interested in swimming like a fish, Mike can mentor you.  But you need Larry's and Norma's permission.  Ok?"  Nellie's eyes and grin were huge.  Then she switched to her stoic thoughtful self and replied "I'll ease them into it."   "Mike, if you take me on as a student, make sure I'm always safe in the water."  "That's exactly what I would teach you... how to be strong, smart, and safe.  Dead heroes are still dead.  Who wants a dead hero?"  "You got a deal, Mike."  She felt something. "Oh-oh, I gotta go."

Nellie started running to the back of the plane "Stand back, can't stop, nature's calling!"  She quickly opened the bathroom door and slowly closed and locked it.  She stood still as she looked at herself in the mirror.  "Holy cow......  What just happened?  How come I'm not freaked out?  Huh, God or whatever life force you are?  Now I know why mom is always talking to you.  So, Big Guy... Why am I so calm?  I shouldn't be.  My sisters would be freaking right now.  So thanks.  Thank you very much."  She  splashed her face with cold water then dried off using a thick fresh cotton towel.  "Dad told me at my age my mind runs twice as fast as a teenager's.  He says my survival instinct is in high gear so I have to avoid stupid kneejerk reactions.  He calls them 'rash decisions'.  I love my dad."  As she was looking at herself in the mirror her mind drifted to something else "I don't want everybody to start looking at me differently and treating me differently...  I'm not a warrior or a future warrior...  Am I?  I'm just a kid who likes to have fun.  Aren't I?"  After she finished taking care of mother nature's demands, she looked up. "It felt good to save everybody's life.  I feel stronger......  Ok Big Guy, I promise you I'll work harder on martial arts and strengthening my body and my mind.  I have a sneaky suspicion you'll be calling on me again."

After washing her hands and fixing her hair, she slowly unlatched the door.  Standing there was Connie and Sophia.  Nellie smiled, "It's all yours."  Connie said "We don't need to use the bathroom.  We need to give you this."  They gave Nellie a big group hug.  Sophia said "Thanks Nellie.  You can call me Sophia Fea (Fe'a means ugly in Spanish) anytime you want.  In fact you're no longer our little sister."  Connie said "That's right.  You're Maria Evalina now.  Not little Nellie or little sister.  In fact you're our big sister."  Sophia continued "Because size and age doesn't matter.  It's who you are that counts.  And right now, I'm looking at a nine foot tall girl who could take on any rabbit man and kill him."  Nellie blushed. "Thanks, guys.  But you don't have to say those things.  It's just me.  In fact it's all of us.  Remember we're Apache."  Connie laughed and said, "Me and Sophia only look a little like an Apache.  It's you and mom who really do."  Sophia said "Come to think of it, you act and talk a lot like mom.  Oh my God, mom has a clone.  It's her youngest daughter!"  Nellie gave them an "Ah shucks" look and said "I know it's your way of complementing me because we all know she's the greatest mom on earth.  Look, if you want to make me happy let's just pretend this didn't happen and we'll continue being sisters like we were before.  And, call me Nellie.  Ok?"  Connie said "It's ok with me."  She looked at Sophia. "It's ok with me too.  But if I'm ever in a pinch I'm getting in your aircraft so I won't die."  Nellie with a straight face said "It's a deal Sophia.  Let's go sit down."

Nellie was resting on her soft deerskin chair looking out the window.  Tracy came up and sat next to her.  "They told me what you did.  Nellie, you're going to be a warrior like me and your mom."  Nellie turned to her and remained quiet.  Tracy chuckled. "I think you already are.  We just don't realize it yet."  Nellie was about to say something and Tracy cut in. "You're smart, strong, resourceful, fearless, and wise way beyond your years."  Nellie said "Go on.  I like it when you butter me up."  Tracy continued "I still remember last year at the museum when I called you a smartass and you instantly called me a dumbass.  You were right. I was acting more with my feelings than my mind.  And since then I have seen you mature and take on new stuff that no kid your age should be doing.  I just want you to know if you need anything, just tell me."  She hugged Nellie. "Thanks, Tracy.  I might take you up on that."  

Nellie enjoyed looking at the clouds.  She imagined an elephant, a wolf, lizard, and so on.  After a while she saw a fighter pull up a couple hundred feet off the wingtip.  She thought to herself "You know, you really don't appreciate what you have until you're about to lose it.  Because of who my dad is, from this day forward I have to remember that there will be people who will try to kill us.  To take everything we have.  I have to be smart and powerful enough to stop them.  If it's not the old revengeful billionaires, it's those crazy Muslims.  Tough toenails, you jerks.  We the People have control now and there's nobody ever going to take it away.  You'll have to do it over my dead body.  And there's no way in hell I'm going to let that happen!"

The others on the plane came up and thanked Nellie.  It felt good.  She thought about the audiences applauding after the dance numbers.  This kind of accolade was much better.  She completely understood her purpose in life now.  To be a warrior just like her mom.

Her thoughts turned to surfing again as she picked up her tablet and searched for some videos.  She found some girls around her own age.  Nellie smiled and pretended she was surfing.  While drifting off to sleep she began dreaming of her eighteen year old self with her buds having a blast surfing.  They were the world's greatest surfers shredding giant waves. 

Landed in San Diego
After a nice flight over Arizona and California they safely touched down at San Diego International Airport.  The 8x taxied to the private aircraft terminal.  Tracy was first out.  She got down on her hands and knees and kissed the tarmac.  "I hate flying.  I get freaked out when I don't have control."  Hazel said "Well we're here.  Where to now?"  Hanna said "Let's go check into the best hotel in town.  After that harrowing experience we deserve it."  With her arm around Nellie, "Right, my little hero?"  Nellie said "I want one with a nice clean pool."

"Hey, doesn't dad own a house in San Diego?"  Connie said "I think you're right."  Nellie got on the phone. "Dad, you have a place in San Diego, right?"  He asked "You guys didn't make any reservations?"  "No.  Hanna and everybody wanted it to be spontaneous."  "Traveling without any plans sounds like lots of fun.  Sure.  I bought a house back in March of 2015.  It's on Mission beach near the Boardwalk.  There's a place called Hamels Surf Shop that will sell or rent everything you need."  "So what's the address and who has a key?"  "To make sure nobody knows about it, I'll text you the address in an encrypted message.  Use the password I gave you.  An agent lives there when it's not occupied.  I'll give her a call."  (He texted the address 2636-2638 Ocean Front Walk.)  "And Cletus knows where it is.  Are you going to do any surfing?  That's a great beach for beginners."  Nellie replied "I was thinking about it."  "Be sure and have Mike go out in the water with you.  He used to be a lifeguard along some of the most treacherous parts of the North Shore in Oahu.  He'll make sure you guys are safe."  "Ok dad."  "Have you all decided what you're going to do in San Diego?"  "Sort of but I don't want to say over the phone out here in the open.  That problem a couple hours ago made me a little paranoid."  Larry gave a nerdy laugh. "Yep, you're right.  Better safe than sorry.  Have a good time.  Love you."  "Love you, dad."

Hanna asked "Well?"  "We're going to dad's house on Mission Beach."  Cletus gathered the group together.  "Ok, everybody.  Looks like we're staying at a very nice beach house.  Security is getting your luggage.  Here are your Suburbans.  Everybody step in and make yourself comfortable.  We'll be there in about twenty or thirty minutes."  The whole group thanked Cletus.  "Don't thank me; it was Nellie's idea."  Hanna complimented Nellie, "You're doing all kinds of great things today."  She asked the group "On our way over would you like to stop and grab a bite?  Nellie, what kind of food are you hungry for?"  "Mom loves Alaskan King Crab.  She says it's the breakfast of champions.  Lunch, too!"  They agreed.  "Ok, it's decided.  So let's do a search to see what's close by."  After a few minutes Cletus got off his phone. "Just talked to Island Prime Restaurant.  It's the best around.  They have plenty of room for us.  And it's just down the street.  Is that ok with you guys?"  Nellie yelled "Let's go, Uncle Cletus.  I'm starving!"

The group piled into the Suburbans and arrived in ten minutes.  As they were getting out, Connie remarked "Wow, Uncle Cletus, this is like right on the water.  I love it."  

The hostess greeted them.  "Good afternoon, how many are there in your group?"  Hanna said "Six and we'd like to sit out on the deck if we could."  Cletus and three other guards entered the building separately and sat in the same area as the girls.  Other agents were stationed near the building and out on the water in a speed boat.  The girls were sitting outside on C level.  Sophia saw a speedboat with a skier run right by the restaurant.  "What a hunk!  Are all the boys here that sun kissed adorable?"  Connie said "Sophia, he's at least 15."  "I'm almost 13.  So what, he's still a hunk.  I like San Diego."  Cletus overheard and thought it was cute considering that was his agent out on the water enjoying the afternoon with his young son waterskiing.  They usually watch the water off the airport, but Cletus diverted them.

Nellie opened the menu and perused it.  "There it is.  Alaskan King Crab legs.  Yummy!"  Connie and Sophia were sitting on each side of her trying to find it.  "See it's right here."

Alvin, the cameraman, was busy walking the deck trying to pick some good shots for stills.  Hanna motioned him over. "We need to find a good subject.  I'll talk to our waiter.  Stay close by with the release forms."  In a moment a professionally dressed waiter approached the girl's table.  "Hello, my name is Jonathan Mercereau.   I'll be your waiter today.  Would you like to start off with one of our cold drinks?  Here's our refreshments menu."  "We have magical multicolored carbonated beverages.  The mint punch is a favorite.  And in addition to our classic lemonade we have a south of the border favorite for a hot summer day.  It's called Tijuana limeade.  And of course we offer traditional ice tea, vanilla and chocolate shakes and malts.  We keep all of our glasses in a super cold freezer before we pour the drinks so the contents are just above freezing.  The outside of the glasses have a nice layer of frost.  The shakes and malts are a little warmer or you'd have to eat them like ice cream."  Nellie said "I wouldn't mind."  Jonathan smiled and winked. "I'm with you." 

After everyone gave their drink orders Hanna followed Jonathan to the beverage bar.  Hanna is a beautiful twenty-year old.  She looks very much like Saoirse Ronan except Hanna's in extremely good physical condition, with a rich tan, steel blue eyes, and light blonde hair.  "Excuse me, Jonathan."  "Yes?"  "We're doing a spontaneous unrehearsed documentary of various people we meet as our group travels across the United States.  Would you mind if I interview you.  I'm recording what Americans think about life after the Big Change."

Jonathan was a very handsome thirty-three year old who was recently divorced because his wife was consumed with a cult like religious group.  Hanna was so stunning he only heard half of what she was saying.  "Sure I'd be glad to.  Just let me know when."  "Maybe you'd like to get it cleared with your boss first."  Jonathan laughed and said "I don't have any boss.  All of the workers at this business own it equally.  Remember how the Big Change eliminated the division between the owner class and the worker class.  We're one now.  We've already talked about stuff like this and we don't mind.  So yes, I give myself permission to talk to you."  He then looked closer at Hanna.  "Wow, has anybody ever said you look exactly like an older version of the girl in the movie Hanna?"  Hanna blushed. "Only about a million times.  And no, we're not related.  And yes, I have a boyfriend."  "How did you know that would be my next question?" as he moved in closer to her.  She flirtatiously smiled. "Maybe I'm clairvoyant.  I already have a boyfriend, Jonathan.  But, if I wasn't dating him I'd definitely consider you.  You come across as very smart, witty, and just between you and me, you're drop dead gorgeous."  That comment really made Jonathan's day.  With sad flirting eyes he said "Thanks.  I needed that.  Let me get your drinks together and I'll be over in a minute."  She leaned forward and gently pecked him on the cheek and said "Thanks."

After sitting back down with the group Tracy asked "Well, is Mr. Handsome letting us video him?"  "I think so.  Alvin is having the releases signed."  Connie said "You haven't said what you're going to ask these people."  Hanna smiled. "Isn't it great.  Instead of me structuring the dialog to achieve a desired end, like the propaganda mongers did on TV before the Big Change, I want my subjects to direct the line of conversation to their areas of interest and to the things that they feel passionate about.  I want to see their real human side."  Sophia asked "How are you going to do that."  "They're going to do it for me.  I'll just go with the flow."

Jonathan and a helper came out with the beverages.  "I'm kind of excited about the interview.  When would you like to do it?"  Hanna replied "How about right after we're finished eating.  And from what I hear it's some of the best seafood in San Diego."  Jon said "Sounds good.  And, yes we offer only the best or we don't serve it at all."  He looked at the girls. "Is everybody ready to order?"  Tracy said "I think we all want the Alaskan King Crab legs."  "Excellent choice.  It's one of our favorites.  How about your sides?"  Connie said "Our Uncle Cletus said your twice baked potato and your smoked wild mushrooms are to die for.  So we decided on those."  "That makes it easy.  Everybody wants the Kings, lobster stuffed potatoes, and our crazy wild mushrooms.  Will do."  He smiled. "Your food will be out in a flash."  Hazel said "Thanks Jonathan."  As he walked off Hazel turned to the girls. "Wow, he is one hunk of a man."  Tracy said "Gross, mom...  But he is kind of handsome, for an old guy."

In ten minutes the orders were ready and served.  After a quick prayer, Nellie stood and lifted her chocolate malt. "After what we went through this morning, if you don't mind, I'd like to give a toast......  The hardest lessons learned are the ones your soul needs the most.  I believe you can't really appreciate life until you've almost lost it.  You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to almost fail. You can't understand goodness until you've experienced real evil.  So let's celebrate life by celebrating today, tomorrow, and many more days to come!"  Everyone smiled and clanked their glasses and took a drink, including Cletus and his guys a few tables over.  He smiled and thought "She's just like her mama." 

As they were feasting, Connie looked up smacking her lips and asked "Is there anything under God's sun any better than this?"  Hanna said "I don't think so."  That pretty much summed up the delight of all the girls.  Near the end of the meal Alvin approached Hanna. "We've got the releases signed.  The camera equipment is set up and ready to go."  "Thanks Alvin."  In ten minutes Jonathan walked up with the bill.  "Hope everything was to your liking.  Would any of you like a refill or to-go cups?"  They all raised their hand.  He smiled and winked at Hanna "Tell you what, I'll bring all new drinks in large styrofoam cups so you can take them with you as you adventure out into the great unknown."  Nellie shouted "Mr. Jonathan, you're the best!"

He and an assistant left to take care of the drinks.  Hanna stopped him on the way over.  "Jon, are you ready for the interview?"  "Sure.  Your makeup guy has been working on me for the last five minutes trying to get rid of my cowlick in front."  Hanna came up close to his face and pulled his head down. "Those freckles and that cowlick make you look even more adorable.  Don't worry about it."  He laughed and started with the puppy dog eyes that guys do when they become infatuated with a woman.  Hanna said "Let's go sit over there in corner."  Jonathan walked over and settled in.

The recording started.  Hanna explained who and where she was.  Then she proceeded with the interview. "Your name is Jonathan Mercereau and you're a waiter here at Island Prime Restaurant near the San Diego airport.  How would you like me to address you?"  "Jon is fine."  "Great.  So Jon, what attracted you to the job of being a waiter?"  "When I was nineteen and attending college I needed to make some good money to pay bills.  I discovered the world of fine dining and the good tipping that came with it.  My prospective employer liked me.  I was into bodybuilding and surfing.  Grade school and high school were too easy for me so I drifted off into the world of computer hacking.  For example, I liked to go into my high school's computer database and change my grades.  That was fun.  I don't mean to brag but I mentioned it to let you know I'm intelligent and I can get along very well with anybody and I was easy on the eyes.  So, they hired me and I've been here ever since."  Hanna asked "Did you complete your education?"  "Yes.  In fact I earned two degrees.  One in computer science and the other in business.  But I really love working with people and the money was good here so I decided to stay."  

Hanna asked "It's been some years since the Big Change.  How was it for you before the BC."  "Hanna, before the BC everything keyed off of making money.  I was smart and I knew how to play the game so I was able to live comfortably.  But a lot of friends I grew up with weren't as fortunate.  I always felt uncomfortable with that.  The People, that's with a capital P, have forgiven transgressions like what I'm about to tell you or else I'd keep my mouth shut.  But when I was in college I had a friend who lived next door.  His dad left when he was young, so it was just him and his mom.  When I was 20 his mom was diagnosed with cancer and had to stop working.  Her medical bills were piling up.  They were about to lose everything.  I was even taking food home from the restaurant so they could have something to eat.  That was when I realized the system in our country was completely screwed up.  Nobody should have to deal with having their life destroyed just because they lost their health.  That really, really pissed me off.   I promised Danny I'd help him through those terrible times.  That's when I entered the dark world of professional hacking.  With a Trojan horse I was able to break into several large banks.  I skimmed off money by grabbing the excess amounts in rounding percentages they applied to interest earned on certificates of deposits.  After several weeks of skimming I remember calling Danny up to come over and play some pool.  We were betting a quarter a game.  I lost the first one.  Then I went over to the bookshelf and grabbed an envelope with thirty thousand dollars in cash.  I said don't ask me where I got it from, just take it."  Hanna said "Wow."  Jon continued "Danny broke down and cried.  He hugged me saying I saved his family.  He lost his mom six months later, but I made sure that's all he lost.  I set him up in his own business where he did very well...  (thoughtful silence)

Once every few months he still comes by the house with his beautiful wife and three precious children.  They'll take me along to play miniature golf or to watch a movie or fly some kites or go out surfing or whatever.  He says he owes me his life.  I tell him it should never have come to that.  Our society was so screwed up before the Big Change that this kind of horrible crap was happening everywhere to good people.  And it wasn't their fault.  So to answer your question of how it was for me before the Big Change, I'd say it was pretty good because of my abilities and my circumstances.  But for some of my friends it really sucked."

Hanna said "Your answer was different than what I expected.  I thought you would focus on yourself and relate pre-BC society to your life."  Jon broke in. "But that's what I just did.  My friends are part of my life.  It's not me, and then the rest of the world.  That was the self-centered gimme gimme attitude of the rich in our country before the Big Change.  And that's definitely not who I am."  

(Note from the author written on April 29, 2020: Wow, I must have been clairvoyant when I wrote the following in 2016.  Lol.)

"You know, before the Big Change this building we're in was an exclusive highbrow restaurant for the ultra-wealthy.  I remember years ago billionaire Les Moonies, the past CEO of CBS, and his hot wife Julie Chen came in with billionaire movie producer Harvey Weinstein and his younger beautiful wife Georgina Chapman.  Jennifer Lawrence and another man who looked like an attorney were also with them.  I'll never forget Jennifer.  She's a person to contend with.  Her quick wit cut like a knife as she was talking to these two guys.  Finally about half way through the meal she stood up and shouted "When is enough enough for you two?  You've accumulated more money than one person could ever spend in a thousand lifetimes!  Then she looked at Harvey.  You cheap self-centered self-ingratiating self-aggrandizing sex perverted piece of shit.  All you care about is yourself and how much money you can make.  You are the epitome of the classic greedy super rich bastard without one ounce of caring for anybody else; especially for those you have used to make all your money.  You've ridden on the backs of good hard working talented people like me to get you where you are.  You are nothing but a piece of shit.  And look at you two old bastards.  You think your wives really care about you?  Think again!  All they care about is the prestige and the money.  You guys are just two old scrotums.  Two scrotums I'd like to kick the shit out of right now."  Jon laughed. "We video everything in our restaurant.  Those were almost her exact words.  Then she threw the contents of her water in Harvey's face and stormed out of the building."  Hanna asked "That's the Jennifer Lawrence who was in the Hunger Games movies, right?"  Jon said "Yep."  Hanna added "Then that's the Jennifer who spearheaded the movement on the West Coast to bring about the Big Change."  Jon said "The one and only.  And guess what, Les and Harvey lost everything except a minimum retirement check of $10,000 a month.  For most of us that was like a fortune, but for these two creeps, I'm sure they think they are living in dire poverty.  What a couple of jerks."  

Jon continued "So let me tell you about my life after the BC."  "Well if it's as interesting as what you've just told us, I can't wait."  Jon smiled and continued "Just after the Big Change we really didn't know what was going to happen.  Yes sure, we knew the contents of the Amendment, but would it really happen?  So it was touch and go for the first few months because that's when the major transitions occurred.  For example, this restaurant was owned by the Cohn family.  They had about 25 restaurants in total.  Each one became an independent business owned and controlled by the employees.  We had the choice of staying as one huge company, but we voted to break it up because we felt there would be better quality control and more rapid decision making as separate restaurants.  The Cohns, on the other hand, still wanted to control things.  Their buddy at the bank was trying to call in working capital loans to force the businesses to shut down.  They thought this tactic would allow the Cohns to continue running the show.  Complaints by employees were made.  The police arrested the bank employee and threw him in jail with lots of taser treatments."  Jon smiled. "Frickin bankers.  I read that nationwide it took a while for our justice system to clean things up.  For us, after about three months we were sailing on an even keel.  Our monthly salary was hitting our individual personal bank accounts.  With permission, we lowered the prices on our menu.  We kept our great group of chefs.  Since the BC we've had an extraordinary amount of business and have been showered with accolades from all the food critics.  If we want to expand, we can go to the People's Bank and get an interest free loan.  See banks aren't in the business of making money any more.  They are in the business of facilitating the needs of consumers."  Hanna asked "Do your customers seem happier since the BC?"  "Hanna, you wouldn't believe the difference.  Prior to the BC, like I said, our clientele consisted of very wealthy people who thought the sun rose and set because of them.  One year, for the fun of it, I researched and found out how much some of my customers were worth.  I grouped them into rich, very rich, unbelievably rich, and they believe they're God rich.  So I kept track of the tips paid by these people.  I'm sure by now you've guessed.  By far the worst tippers were the ones who thought they were God.  Remarkably my best tips came from those who I would call the "nouveau riche" or the ones who recently made their money based on their own talents.  See, they knew what it was to struggle, so for some there was still a connection.  A social conscience."

"Since the BC, the demographics of my customers have dramatically changed.  And our reservation process is different.  It's first call first reserved.  And we take reservations for that day only.  And kids.  My god you wouldn't believe all the kids we serve now.  Before it was like the ultra-rich put their kids in a boarding schools somewhere so they wouldn't get in the way."

"Now in the early evening when I walk dining area I hear kids laughing and having fun from all directions.  And my customers don't mind.  In fact laughter is contagious.  More adults are laughing when there are kids in the room having a good time.  So, at least in our restaurant, the customers are much happier since the Big Change.  Let me give you a comparison.  Years ago I was in Milan, Italy.  We stopped in this nice little restaurant in the fashion district about four blocks from the Duomo.  The customers were dressed perfectly.  The men in nice suits and the women in the latest fashions.  They were very businesslike and astonishingly friendly.  And talk, my god they were talking incessantly.  You could literally feel the energy in the room.  They were all living in the moment and enjoying the heck out of it.  By the time our waitress came by to take our dessert orders, we had to shout to be heard.  It was amazing.  After the BC our restaurant's atmosphere slowly became that joyful little eatery in Milan.  And something else, the people who come into our restaurant know and appreciate the fact that they're about to be treated to some of the best food available in Southern California."

"We stay open until three in the morning.  So on their own, the late evening crowd has started a tradition of dressing up to fit the cuisine and the venue.  We get guys coming in wearing tuxedos and top hats.  And their dates are red carpet glamorous with their exquisite gowns.  At our late night customers' urgings we even started bringing in 1940s style big bands every Friday and Saturday night starting at 10:00.  We open our giant windows on cool nights.  So now we're having people gather outside just to hear the music.  That's extraordinary, so we're considering doubling the size of our restaurant.  We are talking about one section for families and another for the younger set who want to dance.  That way the younger ones can start arriving earlier like at seven."  Jon noticed Hanna seemed to be drifting away.  He said "I'm sorry I'm probably going into too many details.  But you can see how jazzed I am.  About midnight on Saturday this place is hopping.  You can really feel the energy.  That's what the Big Change is all about.  No more unrewarded struggling people... only happiness."  He smiled and asked "Did that answer your question?"  She laughed. "Yes, and more."

"So let's continue.  How have you been since the Big Change?"  Jon sat back and thought for a moment. "You know, there are certain things in life that the BC can't fix.  Last year my wife left me because I didn't want to become a certain type of Christian.  Listen, I believe in God. Some kind of God. Ok?  But I don't like anybody telling me how I'm supposed to practice my faith.  It's a very personal thing.  It's even ok with me if a person doesn't believe in a God.  That's their choice.  But, my estranged wife Dawn was somehow drawn into something I couldn't relate to.  Having money can't change everything.  Psychologists can't solve all problems.  My son having to deal with divorced parents living in separate homes is horrible.  So if I were able to recommend something, it would be to get more community support for families in trouble like mine."  He abruptly stopped and indicated he was finished.  Hanna mumbled "I had no idea, Jon.  I'm so sorry.  I wish there was something I could do to help you.  I've been told that losing a mate is like having your arm cut off.  And having your child taken from you, even if it's for just half the time, is like being shot in the stomach."  Jon said "That's about right, Hanna."  She asked "But you have your business and your friends to help you through these tough times.  I know a man who years ago before the BC lost his job and eventually became homeless.  His wife left him.  And his daughter was taken away by child protective services because he wasn't making enough money to support her.  He slept in alleys and had to forage through dumpsters to eat.  The BC happened at his most desperate point.  He quickly got on his feet and found his daughter.  Now they're together as one of the happiest families I know."   Jon said "I understand it could be a lot worse and I'm grateful it isn't."  Jon continued "Thanks for talking to me.  I appreciate the plug for our business.  And I hope I've helped you with your documentary."  She thanked him for his time.  The camera shut off.  Hanna gave Jon a compassionate hug and a full lipped kiss.  As she was holding him close she said "Thank you.  I have a feeling everything's going to work out.  You're too good of a man."

Last month Hanna had this idea to show how the BC has made everybody much happier.  But today she'll leave Jon's restaurant with a heavy heart.  

As Hanna was walking back to the group, Tracy came up. "Are you ok Hanna?"  "I thought it would be a fun experience but I didn't expect this.  Such a good man doesn't deserve that pain.  And there's nothing anybody can do.  Only time will heal his heart."  Tracy and the other girls didn't hear the interview.  And, she didn't want to pry because Hanna seemed so sad.

Before the girls left they got together for some group pictures with Jon and the other employee/owners.  The giant plate glass windows provided a beautiful view of the water and San Diego's skyline.  They took about ten photos in several different wacky poses.  It was lots of fun.  They were sad to leave.

Arrived at beach house
It was midafternoon when the girls arrived at Larry's beach house.  "Wow, this place is nice," remarked Sophia.  "Can we go to the beach as soon as we unpack?"  Hanna replied "Sure, that's what a beach house is all about.  We'll check out the boardwalk and catch a few waves."  Sophia said "We've been swimming at Lupe's huge pool.  But that's just a pool.  This is the ocean.  Shouldn't we have some floaties?"  Tracy said "It's easy to float in the ocean because it's salty.  The thing you have to be careful of is the undertow and riptides.  A big wave can pass over and pull you down and hold you there then push you laterally or further out in the water.  So you need to be able to hold your breath and be a strong swimmer."  Connie said "You forgot to mention sharks.  You know, Sharknado."  Tracy said "Actually they rarely come up in shallow water.  In Pensacola it was the barracuda we had to worry about.  If you got caught in a hungry school, they could pick you clean almost instantly.  Then there's jellyfish.  They have tentacles that sting."  Hanna added "Then there are the rays.  You know, those flat things that look like miniature stealth bombers.  They have a nasty barb.  If you step on one it's extremely painful.  So you have to kind of drag your feet along the bottom instead of stepping down."  Connie said "Good grief, what are you getting us into?"  "It's not that bad. Just be careful."

Norma's girls decided to commandeer the master suite on the third floor.  Cletus was going to sleep on a folding cot on the first floor patio.  It was nice because he used to take his wife to the beach and sleep out under the stars.  The rest of security was outside the house being invisible.  

As Nellie was jumping up and down on the bed she chastised her sisters for being so slow.  "Come on guys.  Get your swimsuits on.  Mom's old and she's still faster than you two."  Sophia was taking the longest because she just couldn't decide which outerwear looked the best.  She said "What do you think, Connie.  Do I look better in these pink shorts and this top with the rad California logo?  Or these white shorts with the bright yellow top?"  Connie replied "Either one's ok.  You'll probably wear the other outfit tomorrow anyway."  "That's true.  This bright pink and yellow bikini looks perfect with either one.  Ok, I'm ready."  Nellie sighed "Thank goodness.  Maybe we'll get some surfing in before the sun goes down!"  Tracy knocked on the door.  "Hey, we're all ready.  Come on, let's go."  

As they were walking outside they came up to a line of volleyball nets.  A few groups were playing.  Then they saw this crazy group having fun videoing the Harlem Shake.  Nellie said "I like the two in the tutus the best!  Tutu tudeleedo.  Ha."  Hazel was confused until the girls explained. "Ooooh.  But what's the sense of it?"  Tracy said "Mo..om.  It's just nonsense fun."  "Hanna said "Mrs. Smith, you're gonna see a lot of fun things on this trip.  Right girls?"  "You bet."  "Of course."  "You got it."  "Uh-huh."  "Hope so."  "For sure."  

When they got to the boardwalk Nellie observed "Wow, there are a lot of people walking back and forth.  Why all the walking and riding bikes?  Where are they all coming from and going to?  Tracy laughed. "You see, Nellie, we humans are pack animals.  We like to travel in herds.  They'll say they're shopping or out for a walk to get some fresh ocean air, but it's all a clever cover.  What they're really doing is carrying out the great American pastime of people watching."  Nellie made a face. "Whaaaat?"  Tracy continued "That's right.  Look at them.  They're sneaking peeks as they walk by each other.  See there are tall ones, short ones, fat ones, skinny ones, old ones, young ones, beautiful ones, and ugly ones wishing they were beautiful.  I see the herd today has a good mix to keep everybody interested."  "Like I said... Whaaaat?  I think you're nuts Tracy."  "Well that's better than you calling me a dumbass."  "Tracy, you're a looney crackers cuckoo bird.  Is that how all brilliant geniuses act?  Or is it just you?"  "Watch it, little one.  It might be contagious."  Hanna, walking within earshot said "Tracy's right.  We all like to look at each other.  But then we like to shop too.  Hey, check out the dog!"  Nellie smiled "He is sooo cute!  But, can we go surfing now?"  Hanna replied "I don't see why not.  Let's go get you a boogie board."  "A what?"  Tracy said "It's really called a bodyboard, but some call it a boogie board."  Connie asked "So why don't we just get some surfboards?"  Tracy said "If you're a beginner it's more fun and a little safer on a bodyboard."

The girls went into Hamels Surf Shop to get what they needed.  Nellie called Mike and told him what they were doing.  He and a couple other agents came in and rented some gear for themselves.  As he was selecting his gear, Nellie walked up with her stuff and whispered "Is this ok?"  He whispered back "It's great."  

Tracy was an experienced surfer.  She went over some basics.  Cletus told Mike not to worry about being invisible.  It's important that he and two other agents be in the water next to the group to make sure they were safe.

Everybody including Hazel had more fun than a barrel of monkeys.  But after an hour and a half Mike called everybody in because he knew they were going to be plenty tired and sore.  He didn't want to push it.  Hanna pleaded "Come on Mike, just a little longer."  "I'm sorry Hanna."  He looked at everybody. "You use different muscle groups in the water and I guarantee you'll be sore even after this short period of time.  You'll thank me later.  Also, there are too many people out in the water and I don't feel comfortable."  Nellie said "Ok, sounds good to me.  Thanks Mike."  Even with the repeated suntan lotion applications, Hazel looked red as a beet.  "Mom, we need to get you back to the house so I can medicate you."  She called Cletus.  He sent a guy in a golf cart to bring her and her mom back.  At the beach house, Tracy pulled out her medical kit and gave her a shot and rubbed a lotion containing vitamin E and other restorative chemicals on her skin.  "My daughter, the doctor.  I'm so proud of you."  "Actually mom, I'm a research scientist. You've never had my strength serum before.  So please don't hurt anybody.  Ok?  I also gave you some other stuff that will greatly reduce the cell damage all the way down to the stratum basale.  We also want your Langerhans cells to go into full throttle but not bring you down."  "Thank you Tracy."  "Thanks mom.  It's nice to be able to speak with someone who knows exactly what I'm saying."  Hazel said "Wow, I'm feeling much better.  I didn't realize it would work so quickly."  "Here mom, just lay back and relax.  Have some ice tea and I'll be back later to see how you're doing."  "Thanks honey."

Tracy decided to stay at the house after Hanna called her.  The group was pooped out and coming back. 

While tooling over to the beach house, Hanna noticed Jonathan on the boardwalk with a woman a little younger than him.  She was drop dead beautiful.  Hanna stopped and said "Are you stalking me?"  Jon laughed. "Of course, can't you tell by my sunglasses disguise."  "I thought so.  Is she your partner in crime?"  "This is my little sister, Nicole."  Hanna said "Wow, two beautiful people in their early thirties."  Nicole smiled "You can call me Nikki.  Do you two know each other?"  Hanna said "We met earlier today.  Why don't you guys jump in and relax with us for a while at a beach house.  It's just down a ways."  Nikki looked surprised. "Beach house.  Here?  Of course!  Do we have to take Jon along?  Sometimes he cramps my style."  Hanna replied "Nikki!  Of course he's coming.  Hop in."  Jon got in next to Hanna and Nikki jumped in the seat behind.  Hanna remarked "This is really a pleasant surprise."  Jon responded "Nikki loves Mission Beach.  Her boyfriend was busy working today.  She didn't have anything to do so I suggested we come here."  He flashed his big brown eyes. "Maybe fate has brought us together again."  "You mean the fine fickle finger of fate that bestows bad luck on some and good luck on others without any rhyme or reason."  "Yep, that's the one.  But I think today's a good day for me."  They pulled up in front of the house.  Nikki stepped out "These are some nice digs you got."  Connie replied "It's our friend's house."

After the introductions were made they settled down to talk and rest for a while.  Jon said "So you three are sisters.  And you Tracy are their cousin.  Hazel is Tracy's mother.  And Hanna is a friend of the family.  And Cletus back in the corner on the phone is Connie, Sophia, and Nellie's Uncle?"  Connie said "Yeah."  Jon continued "So you're making a documentary about life after the Big Change."  Hanna affirmed "Uh-huh."  He continued "But it's completely unplanned?  You decide where to go the day before and no sooner?"  "That's about right.  Isn't it great?"  "I guess.  But if it were me I would have planned it."  Nicole interrupted, "See, that's my brother, Mr. Organized.  You should see his clothes closet.  All the shirts are perfectly ironed and facing the same direction.  The colors are matching with the darker ones on the left and getting lighter as you go right.  His dress shoes are all polished with shoe trees and his underwear drawer..."  Jonathan cut in. "Ok, Nikki, they're not interested in my underwear.  Why don't we change the subject?"  Hanna laughed. "Being organized is a good thing, Jon.  It keeps us slobs on our toes.  You guys make the world a better place."  "Thank you, Hanna.  See Nikki, not everyone thinks keeping your entire wardrobe on the floor next to your bed is the best way to live."  Nikki became a little embarrassed and clamed up.  That gave Hanna the opportunity to ask about their family.  Jon said "Sure, we have a huge extended family.  We have at least ten cousins from age 10 to 16.  That's about your ages, right?", as he looked at Nellie then across to Tracy.  Hanna said "That's excellent.  See, I wanted to record people from about Nellie's age all the way to people into their 60s.  I believe every age group has a different perspective."  Jon replied "Tell you what, it's 6:30.  Why don't I call and have some parents bring their kids over?  I'm sure they'd love to be interviewed.  Hanna looked at the group. "What do you think, would that be ok with you?"  They agreed, so Jon got on the phone.  "Ok.  We have a few who'll be here in fifteen minutes and some more in about forty-five."  

Tracy and Hanna put their heads together to figure out ways to entertain the guests.  They found an Xbox and a Wii in a cabinet next to the TV.  With Hanna paying for everything, Jon gladly had his company's catering van come out.  He brought a specialist who makes the best ice cream drinks in the world.  Another employee is coming over who makes the "best pizzas" in San Diego County.  Nellie was in heaven. 

Larry set up a game room in the basement.  Connie found some hacky sacks and Frisbees down there.  In a desk drawer she found a package of white printing paper with detailed instructions of how to make various kinds of paper airplanes.  Sophia found a Twister game and set it up on the second floor family room.  Tracy figured out how to play music videos on the 100" flat panel screen.  

It was close to 7:00 when one of Jon's cousins named Ben arrived with his mother.  Ben's a ten year old with grey eyes, dark tanned skin, and long wavy sun bleached hair.  Nellie saw him and immediately walked over and introduced herself.  "So what do you do for fun, Ben?"  "Almost every day in the summer I take my shred sled and rip waves.  My home's only five blocks from here, so it's a quick trip."  "Are you pretty good?"  "Well I don't like to brag but I'm much better than my two older brothers.  They think they're so hot, but I'm really much better."

Nellie and Ben go have fun
"Yeah, my two older sisters think they are sooo great.  Sophia is really beautiful and Connie is always cracking funny jokes, so they're great in their own way."  Ben asked "So what do you like to do?"  Her eyes twinkled. "You skateboard?"  "Sure."  "You wanna go out on the boardwalk and rent a couple decks?"  "I don't think my mom would allow it with just the two of us out there."  "You go surfing alone, don't you?"  "No, my two older brothers and I have to go together."  Nellie said "Excuse me a second."  She walked over to Cletus and spoke to him.  He nodded his head and hugged her, then got on the phone.  Nellie walked back to Ben. "Let's wait here for a minute."  Two muscular men in their early twenties came up and asked "You ready?"  Nellie turned to Ben "Let me introduce you to my cousins, Joe and Jim Montigeu.  That man over there, the one I just talked to is their father."  Joe and Jim walked over and showed Ben's mother their police badges and asked if it would be ok for Ben to go skateboarding with Nellie.  They promised to follow along to make sure the kids were safe.  The two big guys were really buff which didn't hurt her decision.

They rented some skateboards at Hamels Surf Shop.  The agents rode little bicycles with banana seats to keep up.  After 30 minutes Nellie grew tired of skating and convinced Ben to go with her to Belmont amusement park.

After enjoying the roller coaster and a few other outdoor rides they decided to go inside to the arcade center for some video games.  She felt uncomfortable beating him all the time.  So she said "Why don't we take a break and have some cotton candy.  The blue one looks yummy."  Like a gentleman Ben ran over and bought a couple.  While they were sitting down watching the world go by Ben talked about his family and school and how he was going to be the national surfing champion.  He asked her what she liked to do besides skating.  She told him about her BMX course at home which she rides almost every day.  Ben thought that was really rad.  Her favorite stunt was a backwards loop.  She said her dad is a pilot so he has her fly.  He asked what she flew.  To keep her and her family safe she decided to tone it down and said she flew a Piper J3.  "My dad wants me to be safe and the J3 almost flies itself.  It stalls a 35 mph."  Then she told him about the karate lessons, but she didn't tell him about the intensive training with machine guns, rocket propelled grenades, mortar and rocket launchers, surface to air missiles, using laser assisted anti-aircraft guns, and how to use the weapons systems on a Black Hawk and Apache.  She said nothing about the military fighters and private jets she's cleared to fly.  She also decided not to tell him about how she can go into a kitchen and pull out everyday stuff to make improvised explosive devices.  As she was listening to gorgeous Ben, she realized her dad had been grooming her for the last year to really be a warrior.  All along she thought he was doing it so she could protect herself.  But it was actually more than that.  And the episode this morning was her final exam.  She sat back and thought "Ben, you beautiful boy, if you only knew the real me.  But then it might scare you off, and I don't want that."  After a chunk of blue cotton candy melted in her mouth with dye covering her lips she said "And my mom's been teaching me how to sew and cook.  I make some chocolate chip cookies that are out of this world."  Ben thought "Yuk... girl stuff."  He said "Hey, let's go do some laser tag."  They jumped up and took off.

A little after 6:30pm Cletus called Mark.  He was the agent who drove the speedboat next to the restaurant at lunch.  He asked Mark to come over with his son and pretend to be guests.  He said he'd be there at 7:00.  Before they arrived, Cletus talked to Sophia and gave her a heads up about them coming over.  Cletus, in a low voice said "His son's name is Jack.  Since his dad is part of the security detail his son knows who you are.  So don't get your feelings hurt if Jack keeps his distance.  Ok?"  "Sure Uncle Cletus."  That's what she said but she actually took it as a challenge.  She thought "A boy who was told to keep his distance.  Humm...  I'll have him around my finger in less than an hour."  She looked in a mirror and smiled. "There's no way Jack can resist this."  A little after seven Mark and his son came in and said hello to everybody.  Cletus introduced Mark as his friend.  Mark was thirty four and his son Jack was almost 15.  Jack was tall for his age, with tanned skin, sky blue eyes, and long blonde hair.  Sophia casually walked over to Jack "Hi, I'm Sophia.  I saw you at today as you zoomed by the restaurant.  Do you waterski a lot?"  He spoke softly. "A lot during the summer.  Dad's assigned to the bay close to the airport, so he takes me along.  You know... two birds with one stone."  Jack continued "So how do you like it here in San Diego?"  "I love the water and the people and that skateboarding dog.  Have you seen him?"  "Yeah, he's kind of a fixture on the boardwalk.  Did you guys hit the waves today?"  "For a little while this afternoon.  They didn't want us to overdo it.  Hey, you want to go downstairs and play some pool?"  "I don't know.  I don't play very well."  "It's easy.  As she was walking away smiling and putting on the charm, she said "Come on, I'll show you".  Jack hesitated looking over to his dad.  "Dad, Sophia and I are going to the basement to play some pool."  As he said it his eyes were pleading "Help me!"  Mark said "Ok, but you might want to take some other kids with you.  I hear there's a ping pong and a foosball table and a bunch of arcade games."  Sophia grabbed Jack's hand.  Smiling she said "Come on.  See we taped a sign above the stairway to let everybody know what's down here.  Jack followed uncomfortably.  He released her hand after a few steps.  When they got downstairs he said "Sophia...  Look, you're the most beautiful girl here.  And you're probably lots of fun to be with.  But as you know my dad works for your dad.  His job is to keep you safe.  You know what I'm saying?"  She came up close. "I thought you were going to say it was because I'm a lot younger than you."  "Well that too."  "Look Jack, I'm a strong girl who likes to control things.  I don't like the idea of my dad indirectly controlling you not to be friends with me.  If that's what it is, I'm going upstairs right now and tell Uncle Cletus to stop it.  And if that doesn't work, I'll just call my dad."  Jack laughed. "So you're going to call your dad so he can tell Cletus to tell my dad to tell me that it's ok to have a good time with you tonight.  Do you know how ridiculous that sounds?"  Sophia laughed and sighed "It does, doesn't it?  Well while we're here, grab a cue stick and watch me whip your butt in pool.  Mind if I go first?"  Jack rolled his eyes and picked up a stick, and for the next four games Sophia demonstrated the art of losing to a girl.  "See Jack, you don't have to throw games to make me feel better.  I cleaned your clock fair and square.  If you're getting tired of pool we can always play ping pong." "If you play ping pong like you play pool, no thanks.  What do you say we play a few more games?  I think I'm beginning to understand your strategy."  "You mean my 'royally kick your butt' strategy?"  Jack got a little embarrassed and somewhat peeved that this little girl could wipe his you know what so easily at pool, a game he's played since he was three.

Sophia sweetly smiled and said "I don't know if they advised you yet about my heritage.  She stopped and laid her stick down on the table... "My mother is a full-blooded Apache Indian.  We Apaches don't take prisoners."  Then motionless she stared at him with her piercing green eyes.  He felt a chill as his hair raised up on the back of his neck.  He thought "Holy sh-t... a beautiful girl with ancestors who killed for sport."  Sophia picked up her stick. "Well, what are you waiting for?  It's your shot.  Hurry up and take it so I can finish this game."  He did and she did.  They went on for an hour like this.  Finally she walked over and put her cue stick away and said "Jack...  in about five years, look me up.  Then maybe you can play this game like a big boy."  She gave him a flirty coquettish smile and smooched him on the cheek.  Then she happily ran upstairs to do something else, leaving him downstairs to think about what just happened.

A little after 7:00 another one of Jon's cousins came in.  His name is Rosalio Munoz, IV.  As he was being introduced to the girls, he locked eyes on Connie and smiled.  After a few minutes of observing her quick wit, he casually walked over and struck up a conversation.  Rosalio is 16 with natural dark skin, coal black eyes, and a charismatic smile that lights up a room.  Connie's first words were "Rosalio...  That's a different name.  Do they call you Rosie for short?" as she made her eyebrows go up followed by a "Humm?"  "Real funny, Connie.  Do they call you Canija for short?"  "Very funny, Rosie.  No, I'm not a rascal.  At least not all the time.  But when I get on a roll, stand back."  "Please don't call me Rosie.  I go by Quad, as in the fourth."  She smiled and said "So you're fourth in a long line of Rosies?"  He laughed. "Are you trying to emasculate me, you cute little thing?"  "Of course.  This is how I soften you up so I can wrap you around my little finger."  "Don't worry; you already had me there when I first saw you."  "Aaaaaaa, you say the sweetest things to strange girls."  She continued "So what are you doing to this summer?"  "I'm helping my dad at work.  I'm 16 so he wants me to start making money for myself.  A couple weeks ago he told me the gravy train has stopped at the station and I had to get off."  "Mantener a tu culito trabajando. (Keeping your little butt busy working.)  I like your father.  So what are you going to be doing?"  "My dad and my grandfather are attorneys.  They have one of the most respected and prestigious law firms in San Diego."  Connie chuckled. "How can you tell when a lawyer is lying?"  Quad responded "When his lips are moving."  "So your dad's an ambulance chaser?"  "Ha. Ha.  Funny, Connie.  Dad said they don't have to chase ambulances anymore."  "So they used to, huh?"  "Yeah, but everything's different now.  They still make good money though.  It's just now they find the truth instead of doing anything necessary to win a case."  She smiled. "So Rosie, how does an attorney sleep?"  Quad responded "First he lies on one side, and then on the other."  He continued "Ask me one I don't know."  Connie said "My mom says our justice system is now 'truth over trickery'.  She has a very low opinion of attorneys.  Even after the BC.  She says the only place you can find a good attorney is in a graveyard."  "So what does your mom do?"  "Mom is like a facilitator.  If something needs to get done, she makes it happen."  Quad came closer to Connie.  "So what are you doing this summer?"  "Spending time with cute guys like you."  "No, really."  "I'm not doing much this summer.  I mostly take lessons like flying aircraft, martial arts, shooting, swimming, sky diving.  Dad wants me to be good at computers, so he's constantly having people give me lessons.  But what I really enjoy is horseback riding and driving my dune buggy."  Connie asked "So what do you want to be when you grow up, little boy."  "Well... this little boy has a father that insists he become an attorney, but that's not what I want.  I want to be a chopper pilot."  "You what?"  "A helicopter pilot with the military.  For years I've dreamed of flying Blackhawks and Apaches.  I've read everything I can get my hands on about them.  And, I just bought this really cool Blackhawk simulator.  You would you like to play it with me?" "Sure."  She already had 400 hours of intensive training on a real Blackhawk, but she wasn't about to tell Quad.  He used his cellphone as a remote to stream the program across to a computer at the beach house.  There was an 80" 3840 x 2160 HDTV on the second floor that nobody was using and they found a pair of fancy joy sticks in a drawer.  For the next two hours they had a blast flying their choppers.  The program had several hundred battle scenarios they could choose from.  They worked as partners taking out the enemy.  Connie was never shot down and she was always saving Quad's butt.  While they were playing he was constantly saying "You've played this before, haven't you."  She would deny it.  At the end he was completely flustered.  Connie said "Okaaay, I'll be honest with you.  I'm a trained military pilot.  I have over 400 hours of combat training in a Blackhawk and about 200 hours in an Apache.  I'm completely familiar with all the weapons systems on each bird."  She smiled at him making her eyebrows go up and down.  He laughed. "Right, and the Pope is an atheist.  Come on, what do say we go downstairs and see what the others are doing?"  As they were walking down Connie thought "Rosie, Rosie, Rosie, if you only knew."   

At nine o'clock Hanna and Jon decided to take a break and relax for a while.  Hanna said "You've got some fun cousins."  "I don't get to see them very much except when they come to the restaurant."  "Is your dad here?"  "No, but my cousin is.  He's the politician you met in the kitchen.  Rosalio Munoz, III."  "Oh yeah.  He shook my hand and didn't want to let go."  "That means he liked you.  You're lucky he didn't put his hand on your shoulder."  "I would have kicked him in his tender place, so he's the lucky one."  Jon laughed. "You've got a lot of fire, Hanna.  I like that.  So what are you guys doing tomorrow?"  "The way we're going, I doubt if we'll do anything of any consequence.  We'll probably sleep-in then maybe hit the surf in the afternoon.  It's already nine and I haven't done any interviews yet."  Jon said "Choose the ones you want, and I'll have them back tomorrow.  They're all having a blast.  I'm sure they wouldn't mind coming back."  "It's a deal.  Let's check out the food situation."  They went into the kitchen.  No one was there.  Standing next to the counter he put his hand on her arm and said excuse me then reached across her for a spatula.  She stopped and looked at him.  He stopped and looked at her.  They came closer and passionately kissed.  Cletus saw them on his monitoring system.  He quickly jumped up and ran over to the kitchen, pushed the door open and asked "Has anybody seen my cellphone?"  Hanna looked at him and knew exactly what he was doing.  She got slightly pissed and excused herself to go wash her hands in the bathroom.  

When Mike wasn't busy with his security work he got with Nikki and danced and talked.  Nikki was drop dead beautiful.  Mike really enjoyed her company.  She liked his muscles.

Sometime after 10:00, a couple teenage brothers who live a few houses down crashed the party.  An agent caught them spiking a pitcher of Kool-Aid.  After a quick interrogation by some very mean looking agents, they spilled the beans about who they were and where they lived.  Security took the kids home to their parents and gave them a warning.  They said if it happened again they would all go to jail including the parents.  The father (Jose) worked for the Sheriff's department and thought they were a little too harsh and abrupt.  He asked to see their IDs again.  The two agents didn't because they were walking out the door.  Jose became suspicious and called the police.  The dispatcher said there weren't any cars in the area.  Impersonating a police officer is a very serious offense.  So five police cruisers converged on the beach house.   They ran up and busted in with their guns drawn.  Cletus stepped forward and said there was a misunderstanding.  The lead officer told him to shut up and get on the floor.  Twenty agents came into the house from all directions with their badges visible and their machine guns pointed.  By now all the civilians were on the floor.  Some were screaming.  One of the federal agents held up his cell phone.  The speaker was on and the individual on the phone yelled out identifying herself as the San Diego Chief of Police, Shelley Zimmerman.  He told her officers to immediately holster their guns and get the hell out of there before she puts them all in jail for six months.  Cletus's men quickly escorted them out.  Twenty additional agents arrived in several Suburbans.  The San Diego police officers asked what was going on.  The agents told them it was none of their business.  They escorted them into the Suburbans and drove them to a detention center where they were later flown to White Sands to have the memories of that night erased.  The agents did the same with Jose and his family.  

Obviously by now Jonathan was feeling very uncomfortable about the whole situation.  Cletus and Hanna pulled him aside and assured him everything was ok.  It's just that her boyfriend was Mark Zukerberg and she had to have the People's Secret Service protecting her 24/7.  Jon asked about the others.  She said they were friends of the family who came along to get out and have some fun during the summer.  She told Jon she hoped they could still be friends.  Jon was in slight shock but he calmed down and realized she was actually just looking for a friend.  Or was she looking for more? 

Cletus didn't know what to tell the guests.  Jon recommended he tell his family that Hanna was an important programmer hacker type that the People's agents were protecting.  Cletus was down with it.  After Jon explained it to his relatives they thought it was super cool that Hanna was one of the best hackers in the country.  The party continued past midnight.  Everybody left with sad goodbyes.  

Tracy called Lupe to come over 
Earlier at 7:00pm Tracy called Lupe about the party.  Lupe called Molly.  "Molly, I just talked to Tracy.  She says they're having a blast over at Uncle Larry's beach house in California.  She wants us to come over.  It's Friday night and we're not working tomorrow.  And, my dad doesn't mind."  "Lupe, are you sure it would be ok?"  "Of course.  Go run it by your mom.  Tell her that Tracy will give us a good dose of strength.  And, security will be everywhere."  After a few minutes Molly took the phone off mute. "Mom doesn't have a problem with it.  I'm ready!"  "Let's do it, girl.  I'll beam over in two minutes."  Lupe landed on her feet on Molly's back lawn.  "Hi, Mrs. Fabela.  Beautiful evening isn't it."  "Don't try to work the charm, Lupe.  I want Molly to go so she can get you out of a jam if it comes to that.  You girls be safe.  Ok?"  "Yes, ma'am.  We will.  And, thank you."  Molly hugged her mom, then she held hands with Lupe and poof they were gone.  Lupe set the destination to Bannister's backyard.  They landed on their butts then ran around to the front and rang the doorbell.  Bannister opened the door.  Lupe whispered "It's Bandida time, girl. You ready to have some fun."  "Sure, where are we going?"  "To partaay!  And don't worry, there's lots of security around."  Mr. Ridgely walked up to the door.  Lupe said "Hello, Mr. Ridgely.  Beautiful evening isn't it."  "Ok, what are you girls up to?"  "Mr. Ridgely, shame on you for thinking bad things.  We just came over to invite your daughter to a party at our friend's house."  "Where is it and will adults be there and when will she be home?"  Lupe said "It's across town.  I forgot the name of the street.  Yes, adults will be there.  It's going to be a sleepover, if that's ok with you."  "I don't know.  This spur of the moment thing seems odd."  As he was talking, Molly got Cletus on the phone.  Ted Ridgely has met Cletus before and thinks he's a manager for a large security firm.  Molly handed Ted her phone.  After a few minutes of conversation, he agreed it would be ok, but only if Cletus would personally make sure they stayed safe.  Bannister was really excited and ran to get her bag.  Lupe said "We'll be back at (then she paused for a second to figure how far ahead they were in time zones).  We'll have her back at noon or before.  And she'll call you at 3am to let you know she's fine.  He said "That's ok, don't wake me up, just have her back safe and sound. Ok?"  "Of course."

Her dad saw there was no vehicle in the driveway and asked how they were going to get there.  "Our security guy was over at the 7-11 getting a coke.  He's on his way back right now.  We'll meet him as he's coming down the street.  See you, Mr. Ridgely."  He said bye and shut the door.  Then he thought about how oddly they were acting.  He cracked the door open and saw them walking.  He decided to follow and make sure this guy actually came.  After a short distance, the girls stopped and looked around.  They walked to some tall bushes between two houses where they stood in a tight circle holding hands.  He saw them disappear into thin air.  He was frantic.  He was calling his daughter's name.  A neighbor came out to see what was going on.  Ted didn't say anything because what he just saw was completely nuts.  As he was walking back to the house he decided to call her.  Bannister answered "Hello."  "Bannister... What are you girls up to?!  I just saw the three of you disappear.  What the hell's going on!"  Bannister froze with a deer in the headlights look on her face.  Lupe took the phone. "Hello.  Who is this?"  "This is Bannister's father.  What in the hell are you three up to.  I just saw you disappear into thin air.  I think."  "Oh...  Mr. Ridgely, don't worry, everything's ok.  We're in your backyard.  Bannister forgot something.  We'll be up front in a few minutes.  Bye."  They had just arrived at the beach house and ran in to find Tracy.  Lupe whispered "Tracy take us to an empty room.  We need to blink out of here right now."  She did and they did.  Tracy Blinked with them.  Mr. Ridgely had just come into the back yard as all four girls materialized and landed on their butts.  Lupe saw Mr. Ridgely about twenty feet away staring down at them.  She said "Oh... Hi, Mr. Ridgely.  Beautiful evening isn't it."

Lupe continued "Here, why don't we go sit in those nice chairs on your patio and talk about this.  I'm sure you want an explanation."  "You damn right I do."  He sat down and asked "What are you?  Aliens?"  Tracy started laughing uncontrollably.  Molly smacked her on the shoulder making a face to be quiet.  Lupe said "No.  But my dad is.  He was an undocumented immigrant from Mexico.  But I'm not because I was born in El Paso.  Tracy added "And I was born in Macon, Georgia."  Molly said "Ok, guilty as charged.  I'm a Mexia (pronounced Masheeka) Indian from northern Mexico.  My real name is Moon Flower.  Lupe not to be outdone said "And my real name is tall one who comes from where the north wind blows."  Tracy looked at everybody. "Ok, you guys are going to find out sooner or later.  My real name is Johnny Vee."  Lupe cracked up "You gotta be kidding!  Johnny Vee!  How much more country can you get?"  Bannister saw her dad was totally vexed and extremely upset.  She said "Come on guys, he's my dad.  And he already has a maximum security clearance."  

Lupe moved closer and in a low voice said "Here's the truth, Mr. Ridgely.  You've known us since two Octobers ago.  Right?  Didn't you ever wonder about us when we came over to tutor your daughter in math and science?  We were always goofing off and having fun while we were teaching her and she'd always be so serious.  She'd get angry because that stuff was a breeze for us while she struggled so much.  And your daughter, other than the three of us is, well was, the smartest kid in school.  She was the Valedictorian at graduation last night.  Ted said "I'm not in the mood for any question and answer games.  Who the hell are you three?"  

Lupe stopped and with a straight face softly said "Mr. Ridgely, I'd like to formally introduce myself."  She stood up while he was sitting down in kind of a daze and took his hand and shook it. "My birth name is Cacosxaj (pronounced Cacös haj) Tepocas.  And my Americanized name is Lupe Solis.  I'm the Young Pioneer who invented Blinking.  I can move people across the galaxy in a matter of moments.  I'm sure you saw the disguised me on TV after the memorial ceremony last year at the Peoples Monument and Museum.  And your supervisor, Mrs. Taylor, she works for me.  She's been having you write code for our new magnetic propulsion system.  Your work is always impressive, with zero bugs."  Tracy stood up, walked over and shook his hand "Mr. Ridgely, my real name is Johnny Vee Sanders and I am the young Pioneer who can make people unbelievably strong.  I can make limbs regenerate and spinal cords fuse back together.  Jacob Jackson, Molly and I have actually rejuvenated body cells."  He turned to Molly as she walked over and shook his hand "Mr. Ridgely, my name is Xochitl Metztli (pronounced "So cheet Mes tlee").  My fake name is Molly Fabela, and I am the young Pioneer who can speak to body cells and understand what people are thinking.  I'm also part of the team that makes people younger.  Of course nobody knows about that yet.  So, it's great to finally meet you without any kind of subterfuge."

Lupe said "I don't mean to brag but Bannister is one of the most intelligent people we know.  And we have over a hundred of the world's best minds working for us at White Sands Research Center.  Bannister is right up there with them.  But that's not the reason we decided to include her in our inner circle.  She is the best friend a person could ever have.  She's kept us grounded for the last two years in school.  And tonight we Blinked over to Mission Beach in San Diego to celebrate her graduation.  Lupe looked at him with caring eyes. "Your daughter can't be any safer than when she's with us. Ok?  And we apologize for keeping all of this a secret.  The Peoples Secret Service doesn't want anybody to know who we are.  At least while we're attending high school.  It's for our safety and the safety of the ones around us."

Looking very pale, Mr. Ridgely started to stand, his legs were shaking, and then he passed out on the patio deck hitting his head.  Tracy and Molly quickly checked him.  Molly said "He's in shock.  Let's get him to the lab immediately."  Lupe grabbed his hand.  The other girls touched Lupe and poof they were gone.  Two doctors ran over to see what was wrong.  Tracy said "He's in shock.  Please keep him sedated for 12 hours.  Put full telemetry on him.  I want this man to stay healthy, both mentally and physically.  When he wakes up, gently explain who you are and who we are.  Please keep him here.  I don't want any outsiders speaking to him.  Nobody."   She thanked her staff.  As they were walking out of the room, Lupe said "When your dad wakes up and after everything is explained, hopefully he won't pass out again."  Molly said "He'll be ok. I had a discussion with is body cells."  Bannister asked "You're not going to erase his memory are you?"  Lupe replied "Of course not.  He'll keep his lips sealed.  Like you said, he already has a top security clearance......  So girl, you ready to have some fun?"  "I don't know guys."  "Bannister, you can't just sit there all night and stare at your father sleeping.  He's safe here.  And, you can't stay at your home all alone either.  You really need this break to relax.  Let your hair down.  We think sometimes you're too serious."  Bannister smiled. "Ok, but only if we can meet some cute guys."  Tracy laughed. "Bannister... you bad girl.  We'll see."   At 7:45pm Pacific time they were back at the beach house.  As they walked in, Tracy introduced them as Connie, Sophia, and Nellie's cousins who live south of San Diego.  Two dark skinned Hispanics with two light skinned blue eyed White girls were an easy sell because they were adopted by an older caring couple who couldn't have children.   

After an hour of socializing, Bannister asked "Well?  Let's do something."  The four Bandidas secretly assembled in Tracy's bedroom.  Lupe said "Bannister wants to go have some fun.  What do you suggest?"  Tracy opened her medical kit and gave each a large dose of super strength.  While she was poking everybody she suggested "How about the boardwalk?  Let's check it out and go from there."  It was decided.

As they were entering the boardwalk area they passed some boys in their middle teens.  One said "Hey ladies, want to join us out on the beach to watch the waves roll in.  Tom here has a pocket full of doobies.  And Jerry has a giant bag of munchies for later.  How about it girls?  Wanna do a little partying?"

Molly said "Thanks, but no thanks.  We're not in the mood right now."  Tracy looked at the youngest one and said "It's 9:00 o'clock.  Isn't it past your bedtime?  You better head home so your mommy doesn't worry."  Lupe chided Tracy. "That wasn't very nice."  Then Tom, who appeared to be the oldest, grabbed Tracy's arm. "Maybe you need to apologize to my little brother for being such a bitch."  Lupe inserted herself between the two looking at Tracy. "Don't do it!  Don't get carried away with your anger."  Tracy responded in a frustrated kid kind of way "Oh, alright!  You take care of him."  Lupe turned around facing Tom. "My friend's a little rude and has a nasty temper.  I apologize.  You seem like nice guys, but we really aren't interested in doing that right now.  We just want to go along the boardwalk with our friend Bannister.  She just graduated from high school so we're out having some fun just by ourselves.  I hope you understand."  Jerry cut into the conversation "You're just a bunch of faggot lesbians."  Then he pushed Lupe as hard as he could.  She turned back to Tracy. "Knock 'em out.  But that's all."  Tracy grinned. "With pleasure," as she quickly hit each one in the nose knocking them out cold.  Then she ripped Tom's pockets open and took all their special cigarettes and threw them in a nearby trashcan.  As they were walking away Molly looked back. "Buttheads!"  Tracy laughed. "Molly, I thought you were everybody's friend."  "Not to Jerks."  

Bannister said "Hey, remember the show 'Make It Pop' on Nickelodeon.  Their theme song was 'Party Tonight'."  She started singing the song and dancing while she was walking.  Lupe said "Wow girl, you got some moves!"  Tracy couldn't believe Bannister was coming out of her shell so much.  She began laughing uncontrollably.  Bannister said "Stop laughing and join in.  It's fun."  They went through a few short renditions of the song, each time getting better at dancing in unison.  Then they stopped and applauded each other.

Lupe said "That was a fun cutesy song, but how 'bout we do my favorite."  Tracy said "Let's do it."  Molly pulled out her MP4 player with tiny brilliant bass speakers and turned it to Gangsta's Paradise.  The girls walked slowly, singing and waving their arms while moving to the music.  Lupe loves this song.  It reminds her that this shit's over with now.  No more being shoved into a hole with no way out.  Especially for people of color.  
  
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I take a look at my life and realize there's none left;
'Cause I've been brassin' and laughing so long that, Even my mama thinks that my mind is gone;
But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it, Me be treated like a punk, you know that's unheard of;
You better watch how you talking, and where you walking, Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk;
I really hate to trip but I gotta lope, As they croak I see myself in the pistol smoke fool;
I'm the kinda G that little homies want to be like, On my knees in the night, saying prayers in the street light.

They been spending most their lives living in the gangsta's paradise, They been spending most their lives living in the gangsta's paradise;
We keep spending most our lives living in the gangsta's paradise, We keep spending most our lives living in the gangsta's paradise.

They got the situation, they got me facing, I can't live a normal life, I was raised by the strip;
So I gotta be down with the hood team, Too much television watching got me chasing dreams;
I'm a educated fool with money on my mind, Got my ten in my hand and a gleam in my eye;
I'm a loped out gangsta set trippin banger, And my homies is down so gonna rouse my anger fool;
Death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away, I'm living life do or die, what can I say;
I'm twenty three never will I live to see 24. The way things is going I don't know;
Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me.

Refrain...

Power and the money, money and the power, Minute after minute, hour after hour;
Everybody's running, but half of them ain't looking, What's going on in the kitchen, but I don't know what's cooking;
They say I've got to learn but nobody's here to teach me, If they can't understand it, how can they reach me;
I guess they can't, I guess they won't, I guess they front, That's why I know my life is out of luck fool.

Refrain... 

Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me;
Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me.

After the song Molly remarked "Nobody was staring at us.  Instead they were smiling and giving us the thumbs up."  Lupe said "Welcome to California."   Bannister said "It's so liberating knowing I can be anything I want and it's considered acceptable."  She was walking in front of the other three with her hands raised in the air shouting "I'm free!  I'm free!  No more pencils no more books no more teachers dirty looks!"  Tracy turned to the other two. "I think we created a monster."  Lupe said "Great.  Now we can have some fuuuun!"  

"Oh look, souvenirs", as Bannister pulled everybody inside Hamels.  Bannister's never been to California or to a beach for that matter.  She was like a kid in a candy store.  "How do these shades look on me?"  "I like the red ones."  "This bikini is really you, Bannister.  Hot and sexy."  The girls grabbed a handful and went to try them on.  Laughs, giggles and compliments filled the air for at least thirty minutes as the girls combed through the store choosing their wardrobe for the remainder of the evening.  They left wearing some cute bikinis.  Over them were tank tops that exposed their midsection.  The tops had Mission Beach logos.  They wore baggy shorts over their bikini bottoms.  Tracy's chemicals made their bodies very toned and ripped.  Each Bandida walked in front of a mirror proudly displaying her beautifully ripped six-pack. 

Tracy handed their old clothes off to security.  When they stepped outside Lupe saw the amusement park next door.  "Look at that cute little roller coaster.  I want to ride it.  Can I go ride it?  Huh?"  Bannister said "Stop acting like a little kid.  Of course you can ride it.  And I don't mind as long as you guys buy me a cotton candy.  I want a pink one!"  

A couple agents followed covertly.  "Joe, I don't want to ride this at night."  "Just be quiet and get in you big baby.  You're supposed to be an elite soldier, Jim."  "Soldier smolger, this thing creaks like crazy."  "Shut up and get in."  "Hey, don't tell me to shut up!"

The girls sat in the first two cars and off they went into the night.  After that, they ran over and waited in line to get on the Beach Blaster.  Jim said "There's no way you're getting me on that thing."  Joe looked at him. "Stupid, we don't have to ride it.  It's not going anywhere so we'll always have eyes on our packages."  "Don't call me stupid."  "Well, if the shoe fits..."  

While the agents were fussing with each other the girls jumped on and buckled in. They screamed and screamed as they were tossed around.

After the ride they jumped off and walked a short distance.  Lupe said "Ou Ou, look over there... it's laser tag.  Let's go in."  After fifteen minutes of running and ducking they had enough.  As they were leaving, Tracy remarked "Those kids are vicious!  We were lucky to get out of there alive!"  Lupe said "Yeah, I know.  What do you say we do bumper cars, and then book this place?  I feel the beach calling."  They agreed.  Lupe called Cletus and told him they might do a little swimming.  Cletus sent Mike and Tom.  Both are Seals.  As the girls were about to step down to the beach Mike pulled up in a golf cart.  "The guys told me Tracy knocked out some boys who were harassing you.  So I assume you're all super strong."  Tracy said "We just feel safer when we do that, Mike."  "It makes us feel safer when you do that, too.  Especially with you going out in the water at night."

Mike suggested they buy some wetsuits and fins so they could do some boarding.  They agreed, so he set them up at Hamels and off they went.  Mike and Tom held back in the shadows while the girls strolled out on the beach.  They came up to a friendly group of people sitting around a fire roasting hot dogs.  They were in their late teens and early twenties.  Bannister zeroed in on one of the guys.  She whispered "Lupe, now that's what I'm talking about...  Isn't he gorgeous?"  "Yeah, he's ok.  A little old for my taste."  Bannister looked at her. "Well that's because you're still a kid."  "Bannister, I resent that remark...  Ok, I resemble it."  "Lupe, I thought you were above stupid humor."  "Wow, I've got a tough audience tonight."  

The Bandidas introduced themselves.  The guys said they were out enjoying some night surfing.  One of them said it was their first time at night and asked the Bandidas if they had ever been night surfing.  Bannister said "I've never been to a beach or the ocean.  But with all the hours in the pool every week I can swim like a fish."  Terry, a girl about Bannisters age said "Well that's a start, but the ocean is different than a pool.  You need to stay loose.  And if you lose your board and become disoriented or tired it's very easy to float in salt water.  Just lay with your back arched and put the back of your head a little in the water and extend your arms to your sides and move them back and forth using your hands as paddles to keep you up."  Lupe said "We pretty much know all that."  Terry said "If you need any help just yell out or whistle and one of us will swim out to you.  Do you all know how to whistle?"  The girls gave them reassurances they would be ok.  As the Bandidas were getting ready to hit the water they agreed it was nice that complete strangers would be so protective.  It was like all surfers were a sisterhood who look out for each other.

All four hit the water together.  Lupe shouted "Weehaa, this is great!  A little cold but it really wakes you up."  Terry, a little worried, asked if some of the guys would stay close by in the water to make sure they were ok.  It didn't take much encouragement.  The guys grabbed their boards and hit the surf.    

The girls were having a blast.  Using their super strength they easily maneuvered through the water especially with the fins.  After almost an hour of fun, Bannister decided to stay behind the breaking waves and just float out on her board to take in the visuals of the waves, the moon, and the bright lights of the boardwalk.  Frank, the guy she thought was drop dead gorgeous, swam out to her.  "Are you ok?"  "I was just hanging back enjoying the evening.  Isn't the ocean beautiful?  This whole place is beautiful."  "It really is, but let's keep it our own little secret.  We don't want a bazillion people coming here."  Bannister laughed "You're right."  Frank said he did construction for a living.  And today was kind of long so it was nice to come out and enjoy the water.  "But I'm getting a little tired and my left leg is trying to cramp up.  Probably should have drunk more water this afternoon."

Forty five minutes seemed to flash by as they talked and laughed while bobbing on the water like two wine corks drunk on life.  The rest of the group including the other Bandidas had already made it back to shore to warm up by the fire.  Tracy's chemical formula highly sharpens the senses.  Standing on the beach, she could see Bannister way out on the water.  She was fine.  Mike down a ways on the beach was concerned so he swam out but kept his distance.  Fifteen more minutes went by when Mike saw a giant rogue wave rolling in.  He yelled out for Bannister to hold her breath and brace herself.  The wave shoved all three of them down to the bottom.  Mike surfaced, swam closer to where they were and was urgently looking and calling out.  In a second she popped up. "Yoo-hoo, I'm over here.  Don't worry, I'm ok."  Mike yelled out "But where's the guy?!"  Bannister panicked and went down looking for Frank.  Her vision was sharp enough to see at least a hundred feet into the night water.  She frantically swam looking.  She surfaced and yelled "I can't see him."  Mike yelled "Swim further out.  The undertow could have taken him way out."  She dived again swimming at least thirty miles an hour in a zigzag pattern.  It was less than a minute but it seemed like an eternity when she finally spotted him just beneath the surface struggling.  She grabbed his torso and shot his face above the water.  The wave had pushed him to the bottom where he hit his head.  Water had gotten into his lungs.   He was choking.  Holding his head and chest above the surface she squeezed his stomach to push the water out.  There it came, about a half a cup.  "Frank!  Are you ok?  Talk to me Frank."  He barely whispered "Leg cramping.  Please help..."  He was still tethered to his board.  She put him on keeping his head elevated as she kicked her feet.  They reached the shore in seconds.  Mike hung back.  Bannister picked Frank up like a baby and ran him over to Tracy.  "He's not breathing.  Tracy grabbed her purse and took out a capped locked syringe.  By now everybody was around Frank.  One of the guys had started CPR.  Tracy said "It's ok, I'm a doctor.  Please stand back while I save your friend's life."  "Bannister, you need to hold him up on his side. Tilt him a little so his head is down."  "Is this ok?"  "It's great.  Molly I need you to make his diaphragm contract at the same time I push his stomach in."  Molly put her right hand on his head and the other hand where his diaphragm was.  After a split second Molly said "Squeeze."  Water came out.  On Molly's command Tracy carefully did it again and more water came out.  She looked over to Molly "Is it all out?"  Over the last few months, Molly was able to miniaturize her device from the size of a cellphone down to a wristwatch.  She looked at the unit on her wrist and said "We're almost there.  Just a little more."  Tracy looked across to Bannister.  She was the tallest at six feet. "Pick him up by his legs and hold him upside down so we can use more gravity to get the water out."  Bannister immediately held him as Tracy continued to carefully squeeze.  A little more water came out of his mouth and nose, and finally he started to cough.  Touching his chest, Molly said "His lungs and heart look ok."  Bannister and Tracy carefully laid him back down.  She opened the locked syringe and gave him a shot. "Frank, can you hear me?  Look at my finger as I move it......  Good.......  Looks like you're going to be ok, big guy.  You just had some ocean in your lungs.  I gave you a shot that will make you feel better."  As he was slowly gaining his faculties he said "Thanks...  I am feeling better."  "Yeah, it works fast.  What's this bump on the back of your head?  Molly, please check it."  She scanned his head.  "He must have hit it on the bottom, but communications tell me it's nothing to worry about.  No brain trauma.  No cracked skull.  He's fine."

Terry asked "Are all of you doctors?"  "No, just us two.  But, for the fun of it Lupe here tested out with perfect scores as a Phd in physics, engineering and computer science, but she gets mad when we call her a Phd.  She hates 'em.  She calls the younger ones 'prima donnas' and the older ones 'stuck in the mud' durges."  "But, you're just kids."  "True.  But we're kind of smart kids."  Terry was perplexed.  She turned and asked Bannister "How were you able to hold Frank like that?  He must weigh two hundred pounds."  "I work out every day."  She unzipped her wetsuit exposing her stomach. "See my six pack?  To get muscles this ripped takes lots of hard work and dedication."  Then she winked at Lupe.  Lupe couldn't help herself.  She started cracking up and her laughing is so contagious the rest of the Bandidas started laughing too.  Terry said "I don't see what's so funny."  Lupe said "It's an inside joke.  It has nothing to do with you guys.  Don't worry, in just a few minutes Frank's going to be his normal self again."

Tracy added "One of those old man doctors would have half emptied his lungs, put him in intensive care and given him antibiotics to keep his lungs from getting infected. Then in a day or so big Frank here would have finally recovered.  See, my philosophy is why mess with all that crap when I can fix him right here, right now."

Terry crossed her arms and began really wondering about these girls.  Tracy said "See.  Look at how good Frank is doing.  Look at those beautiful blue eyes and those giant biceps."  Bannister broke in "Ok girl, control yourself.  I saw him first!"  Terry said "I think you girls are one fry short of a Happy Meal."  Lupe laughed and said "You know there's a fine line between genius and insanity...  So for the fun of it, I use that line as a jump rope."  Molly added "You Double Dutch it, girl."  Lupe crossed her eyes and pushed her nose up with her finger then looked at everybody.   Bannister said "Ok, that's enough.  You're freaking everybody out."  Bannister looked at the others.  "Sorry, they're just kids and it's way past their bedtime."  They playfully agreed.  Molly jumped up. "It is getting late and we do need to shove off.  It's been a real slice.  Maybe we'll see you guys on the flipside."

Frank slowly stood and told Bannister "Thanks for saving my life.  I don't know how I can repay you."  Bannister hugged him, and in front of everybody she laid a nice big long smooch on his lips.  "That's more than enough payment, Frank."

Then she whispered in his ear "You're going to be very strong, so don't hurt anybody.  It will wear off in a couple days.  And keep your super strength to yourself.  Ok?   This evening out on the water with you was way too brief, but it was very nice.  It really made my day...  Take care, Frank."  Then she lovingly French kissed him again.  

They quickly gathered everything together. "See you guys later."  "Bye."  They ran up to the boardwalk and over to Hamels to return the boogie boards.  Mike was in a golf cart waiting.  "I already took Bannister's board in.  You can give your boards to Tom.  After what just happened I'd recommend we disappear.  What do you say?"  Lupe said "Let's get moving."  As Mike was driving away, Terry on the beach was looking at them through a large pair of binoculars.  "They just met up with two men.  One quickly took their boards, and the other drove off with the girls in a golf cart.  There's something very strange about those girls.  You want to follow them?"  Frank said "Don't worry about it.  Whoever they are, they saved my life.  Leave them alone."  He was holding his board as he was speaking and accidently punched a hole in it with his thumb.  He hid the hole from the rest of the group.

That night as he was lying in bed getting ready to go sleep, he remembered the young Pioneer on TV a year ago.  She popped a basketball like it was nothing.  He got up, turned on the light, went into his closet and pulled out a basketball.  He stood there for a moment then squeezed.  He popped it like a balloon.  Frank paused......  The young Pioneers saved my life.  He sat on the edge of his bed and thought for a while...  I need to keep this to myself.  They're too precious."  He laid his head back and thought how beautiful Bannister was then drifted off to sleep.

Bandidas wake up  
Saturday, June 1, 2019.  It was late morning.  Lupe was first to stir.  Lupe, Molly, and Tracy crashed together on a king size bed.  Bannister is a big girl so she chose an air mattress on the floor.  A weather disturbance off San Diego continued through the morning so you could hear the rhythmic sound of large waves rolling in.  Molly was sleeping in the middle with her arm over Lupe.  "Molly, wake up.  Wake up."  Molly cracked her eyes open "Go back to sleep."  "Molly your arm is over me.  I know we're friends, but we're not that close, girl." "Be quiet and go back to sleep."  Lupe sat up. "Don't you feel it?"  "Feel what?"  "That little guy in your gut pushing you to get up?"  "The only one pushing me is you.  Tell your guts to get out of here and leave me alone."  "No can do.  I'm wide awake.  Let's go downstairs and get some Captain Crunch.  I saw some in the pantry last night."  "Go crunch your own Captains, just leave me alone."  "Obviously you don't understand English.  How about Nahuatl.   Xochitl Metztli... Cochehua! (wake up)  Mehua! (get up)."  Tracy stirred because Lupe was pushing sleepy head Molly against her.  Tracy mumbled "You two chuckleheads stop it before I open a can of Whoop Ass on the both of you."  Lupe laughed. "You two are really grumpy in the morning."  Bannister heard the racket and immediately woke up.  "My dad!  I need to see if he's ok."  Lupe said "Well, let's go!  I love eating breakfast over there.  These PJs and bunny slippers security got us last night are really comfortable.  You think it'll be ok if we Blink over in them?"  Tracy said "I don't see why not.  We've done wackier things."  Lupe said "Yum, I can taste it now... a three cheese omelet with lots of tomatoes and fresh jalapenos."  Bannister said "Are you sure we can go like this?"  Molly said "When everybody works for you, it's ok.  Tracy said "Remember now... when we walk in with these Whinny the Poo PJs... we still need to act like professionals."  Lupe made a crooked face. "Right."  They washed their faces and brushed their teeth and hair.  "Are you ready?  Ok, let's go."  Poof... They immediately landed on the entry pad at the research center.  Tracy said "Putting this big soft pad here was a good idea, Lupe."  "Thanks.  I try."

The Bandidas quickly went to see how Mr. Ridgely was doing.  He was awake, sitting in a chair next to the bed eating lunch.  Bannister ran over. "Daddy, how are you doing.  I was really worried about you."  He gave her a big hug. "I'm just fine.  My forehead has a bruise but there's no concussion or fractures."  He turned to Tracy. "Your staff is treating me like a king, except they won't let me go anywhere."  "That's for your own protection Mr. Ridgely.  The less you know, the safer you are.  Only my core team knows you're here."  Molly said "I see they brought you lobster.  Is it ok?"  "Ok?  This food is delicious!  They told me the lobsters were caught in the North Atlantic yesterday then flown here last night in a C-130."  Lupe smiled "I gave a standing order for the army to provide only the best food possible for the best and the brightest minds on earth."  Lupe continued "So I'm assuming the doctors told you about this place and about us?"  Ted responded "I'm sorry I fainted yesterday.  I should have figured out who you girls were a long time ago.  It was your happy go lucky attitude that confused me.  I thought you were three brainiac juvenile delinquents."  "We'd prefer to think of ourselves as teens who love to have fun, Mr. Ridgely.  Remember the People mandated Gross National Happiness in our country?"  He nodded.  "Well, the People said we could have all these top notch professionals and this facility at our disposal only on the condition that we have as much fun as possible.  Their exact words were 'Oodles of Fun'."  Molly said "Mr. Ridgely this instrument on my wrist allows me to talk to your body cells and it helps me to easily read your mind.  I can see you feel very comfortable with us now.  But we need you to keep all of this a secret.  Can you do that?"  "Of course.  What you are doing here is extremely important for America's future.  It's an honor to know you.  The real you.  My daughter is very fortunate you chose her as a friend.  Maybe some of it will rub off."  "Daddy, it already has.  I'm so glad you're doing well."  Lupe said "Will you excuse us, Mr. Ridgely.  We need to get some breakfast.  We're starving.  I can hear a Spanish omelet calling out to me...  'Lupe, Lupe, come eat me.'  We'll return shortly.  After you finish eating we'll Blink you back home.  Is that a deal?"  Ted agreed and off they went.

The Bandidas left feeling very relieved.  They shuffled down the hallway in their cute little bunny slippers that squeaked and had lights that blinked each time they took a step.  After passing through a few security checkpoints they reached Valhalla (the dining hall).  A place where some of the best food in the world is served.  Lunch goes from ten to two.  The room was chock-full of physicists, engineers, biologists, chemists, etc.  When the Bandidas entered the room in their Poo Bear pajamas and blinking squeaky slippers, the hum of talking stopped.  Lupe said "Hi, everybody.  We were at a sleepover."  After a momentary pause, everybody turned back and continued eating like it was normal.  Next to the door was a rack where the patrons could put their antigravity skateboards, small electric bikes, trikes, and unicycles.  Tracy had the room painted in a myriad of colors.  Along one wall she put up pictures of the greatest minds in history like Galileo, Euclid, Newton, Tesla, Pasteur, Dr. King, and Gandhi. They were grouped together and titled "Heroes of the Past."   Then on another wall she hung a large format group photo taken of the staff of scientists.  She titled it "Our bright future."  ESPN was on over in the back corner.  Lupe had installed at each table a dropdown touch sensitive holographic computer for the diners to have fun with during their lunch break.  Next to the dining hall, Tracy put in a large exercise room filled with weight machines, free weights, and stationary cardio devices.  She also brought in several trainers to assist the scientists with their daily exercise routines.  

As they were eating Molly said "This food is really good.  These special Doritos alone are so good 'it make you wanna slap your mama'.  I've got an idea.  Let's call Connie and see if they'd like us to send some goodies over."  Tracy suggested the fluffy pancakes with real maple syrup.  Molly suggested blueberry muffins and crispy bacon.  Lupe loved her egg white delight Spanish omelet.  Heavy on the pico de gallo.  Bannister loved the perfectly brewed iced tea and her eggs Benedict (two halves of an English muffin topped with ham, a perfectly poached egg, and a house recipe hollandaise sauce).

Molly went into the kitchen and talked to the chefs to see if they would put together a "care package" to feed at least forty people.  Security always appreciates being included when food is concerned.  Lupe called Cletus and told him.  In thirty minutes, a stretch wrapped pallet containing forty-five boxes of 'to-die-for' food was Blinked over to the beach house, compliments of the Chefs.

In the meantime the Bandidas, full and happy, were ready to enjoy more San Diego.  But first Mr. Ridgely.  As they walked into his room Ted said to his daughter "Listen, if Lupe, Molly, and Tracy are staying at the beach house I want you to have as much fun as you can over there too."  She hugged her dad. "I love you, daddy.  Thanks.  Being there means a lot."

The Bandidas Blinked Ted to his home.  They made sure the house was safe and secure.  Ted was happily ensconced in his Lazyboy recliner watching a baseball game.  The girls said goodbye and zipped back to the beach house.

They walked through the beachside entrance.  Agents were everywhere in the living room feasting on food.   Together they said "Thank you."  Lupe said "Yeah, yeah, we know loyalty comes at a price... Great food!"  They laughed.

Strolling into the kitchen, they sat at the table where the rest of the crew was grabbing some bacon and pulling fluffy pancakes from a tall stack in the middle. "We made sure to send you a large bottle of maple syrup, blueberries, and strawberries along with lots of homemade whipped cream."  Connie looked up. "Mi nombre es Orozco cuando me come, me no te conozco." (My name is Orozco, when I'm eating I don't know you.)  Bubba taught us that last year at the rodeo as he was chowing down on some Texas BBQ."  Lupe said "Now you got me missing my cowboy.  He works with his dad every day so I have to leave him alone.  Darn it."  Connie said "Don't worry, you'll get over it.  Just go outside and see all the sun kissed hunks." 

After breakfast they sat around and did absolutely nothing except talk.  Nellie called Ben to see if he'd come over so they could go surfing.  Tracy overheard and brought Nellie into her bedroom and shot her up with some more super strength.  "It just makes me feel better, Nellie.  Chances are you will never need this stuff, but why take the risk.  From one warrior to another these security guys may not respond fast enough.  So it would be up to you." "Thanks, Tracy.  You're right, you never know." 

Ben is interviewed
Hanna called Ben over before he left with Nellie.  "Ben do you mind if we take a few minutes to video you?"  "Sure.  Mom said she signed the papers.  Are you ready?"  "Alvin, are we recording?"  "Yes, Ma'am."  Hanna opened "Your name is Benjamin Munoz, right?"  "You can call me Ben.  I'm ten years old, and I love surfing, skateboarding, soccer, and racquetball."  "Wow.  Sounds like you lead a very active life.  I know you're in a hurry to go surfing, so I'll just ask a few questions."  "Shoot."  "What do you remember about life before the Big Change?"  "The BC happened when I was almost six.  So, I don't remember much.  Actually my life seemed to be the same before and after.  Same home, friends, food, church.  All the same.  Except I remember lots of celebrating when it happened.  My mom and dad were very happy.  Oh, I remember he changed jobs and mom quit her job to stay home and take care of us.  She works at home on her computer too.  And mom got a big new SUV and dad bought a small airplane.  Mom said we get to go on more vacations.  Like this summer we're going to Yellowstone Park.  This past winter we went snow skiing."  "So life is good for you?"  "I guess so.  Dad said the People, that's what we call our government now... the People are requiring everybody to get out and be physically active.  Mom says the lard butts on women are going away.  Dad said it's a blessing because it creeped him out to see things shaking in places where they shouldn't.  He likes to joke."  "Have your parents become more physically fit?"  "They've always been in good shape.  They ride bikes, play racquet ball.  We have a gym at the house.  Dad can bench 400 pounds."  "That's pretty good."

"There's something else.  Mom's dad came to live with us.  He has a bad heart and can't get around very well.  He used to do meals on wheels before he got sick.  So now they both go together and deliver food to people who can't get out and don't have family nearby."  She drives and carries the food while grandpa sits and talks to the people." "That's very nice of your mom."  "Last Easter mom with some of her friends drove a handicap friendly bus and picked up about twenty old people and brought them over to our house for the Easter meal.  After dinner we had an Easter egg hunt in our huge backyard for the kids in the neighborhood.  The old people enjoyed watching.   My Mom loves cats.  We have seven.  Our cats aren't normally friendly but they really liked the old people."  Ben continued "Our government wanted to pay her extra for what she was doing but she refused.  Mom said the shut-ins are very lonely.  And seeing their faces light up when she brings them food is payment enough.  Mom says the government pays for the food anyway, but there's one thing they can't buy.  Mom says it's the second most important thing in our country, and it's why the American Arch of Freedom has the word carved into the keystones."  "What word is that?"  "Caring."  Ben continued "Mom says the most important thing is the word at the top of the arch."  Hanna said "FREEDOM."  "That's right.  I'm only ten but I know freedom is more important than anything else.  Because without freedom we, all of the People in the United States, wouldn't be able make our own decisions.  Mom said that before the BC most of the money was in the hands of only a few.  And eventually these few would have owned everything.  They would have been able to tell us what we could and couldn't do.  Hanna, that's scary.  So I'm glad we had the BC.  Have I answered all your questions?  I'd like to go surfing now, if it's ok."  "Ben, you answered everything and more.  Thanks for your time."  "Catch you on the flip side."  As he was walking out with Nellie he said "I need to show this shubee some newschool ripping and slashing.  Later."  Nellie was smiling ear to ear knowing she's with a guy that's as emotionally strong and fearless as she was. "Ay te watcho, dudes."  Connie yelled "Catch you later."  Two agents followed them out the door.

At 1:30 Jon came over with his cousin, Rosalio Munoz III, and his son Quad.  Nikki came along hoping to see Mike again.   Hanna met them at the door. "Hey, guys.  Thanks for coming over.  Come on in.  We were having so much fun last night we forgot about the interviews.  Please sit down and make yourselves comfortable.  Would any of you like a drink?  We've got soda or some of Tracy's special iced tea."  They chose the tea.  Jon said "Tracy's lemon ice tea is out of this world.  She spoke with me last night in that sweet little innocent southern girl accent and gave me her recipe."  Hanna's eyes got big. "Sweet, innocent?"  She chuckled. "Yeah, that about sums her up."  Jon said "Last night she told me for a 15 year old she's a good cook.  For years she's been helping her mom."  Tracy was sitting kind of hidden on the other side of the large living room.  She added "You should taste my seared scallops, served with fennel puree, grilled apple, pomegranate coulis and watercress.  And if you like sandwiches, here's one: I start with fresh thick pieces of ciabatta bread.  I layer on slices of smoked ham, brie, Swiss cheese, mandolined apples, and a special sauce.  One bite and you're in heaven."  Jon said "When you're older you should come and work with us."  Tracy replied "Sounds like a lot of fun, but I'm more into biology instead of gastronomy."

Rosies are interviewed
Hanna said "Well are you two ready for the interviews?"  Rosalio III said "Sure.  How do you want to do this?"  Hanna replied "First we can start with you, Trey.  We're set up on the second floor.  It will just be the two of us and Alvin who runs the camera.  You ready?"  Trey said "Let's do it."

Trey is a forty year old attorney and politician.  The definition of an attorney/politician has taken on a new meaning since the Big Change.  Instead of being an elected representative of the people, today's attorneys who want to be 'politicians' are often self-appointed 'influencers' of public opinion.  They work to have as much exposure as possible.  They get on social media, and locally originated television talk shows, etc.  Their modus operandi seems to be schemes for self-enrichment and self-aggrandizement which most of the time just backfires in their faces.

Trey was being very amiable. "So you're one of the best computer programmers in the country."  Hanna responded "Sorry about the ruckus last night.  The secret service is very touchy about my safety.  If they even heard you carry on about who I am, they'd probably take you away and erase your memory."  "Oh, really?"  "Yeah, they're pretty hard core about that stuff."  Hanna enjoyed seeing the beads of sweat suddenly appear on Trey's forehead.  "Well, let's forget about what I just said.  I hope the camera isn't turned on."  "Not yet."  She motioned to Alvin to begin.  "Your name is Rosalio Munoz III."  "Correct, but everybody calls me Trey."  "Ok.  You're an attorney in San Diego?"  "Yes.  My father and I have a law practice in San Diego and El Paso."  "There are a few exceptions, but I understand the Big Change requires all employees to be equal owners of companies.  How does the ownership thing work with professional firms like yours?"  "All employees are equal owners, but attorneys themselves get paid more.  Licensed professionals like attorneys have to share the policy making decisions with all employees at the firm.  Attorneys and doctors aren't paid like they walk on water anymore.  But they still make good money if they do their job right.  Those who don't are thrown out of the profession and some end up in jail."  Many attorneys before the Big Change were running 'assembly line' practices but that's all ended."  "What do you mean?"  "Hanna, some wealthy attorneys would build a large office building, put a big sign out front, and advertise daily on TV.  An example that immediately comes to mind is Wayne Wright and Thomas J. Henry in Texas.  The wealthy attorney would find young attorneys just out of law school.  They didn't have an established practice.  He would heavily advertise to have people come in with their problems.  Then they would cherry pick only the good ones and send the rest away.  The young attorneys would take the cases and obviously win.  The managing attorney would take a slice off the top.  In other words those people who really needed help from a skilled attorney were simply out of luck.  These were just money factories with no genuine social conscience or value to humanity."  Hanna laughed. "But aren't all attorneys like that...  No social conscience whatsoever and completely void of morals and integrity?"  "I have to admit you're right.  But there were some, like our firm, who realized the justice system was being forced by the People to clean up its act, so they did what was necessary to comply and survive."  "Now you seek the truth and don't advocate for clients anymore?"  "Correct.  We have teams who go out, investigate, collect, and verify the evidence.  Then others at our firm analyze and interpret the data.  Then we arrive at conclusions based on the law.  And this next step is brand new:  If we believe the statute is improper or the case law precedence is improper then we make motions for changes."  Hanna said "I read every case is heard by a jury now.  Is that correct?"  "Yes.  Judges can't decide anymore, especially in family law like divorce cases where there was rampant corruption between judges and attorneys."  Hanna laughed. "Ok, I'm sorry, but I'm starting to get zoned out listening to all this.  All I'm hearing now is blah, blah, blah.  So can we go on and talk about you personally?"  "Sure.  What would you like to know?"

"You were probably in the top 1% of income earners in the US before the BC.  Since the BC your income has dropped dramatically.  How has that affected you?  Looking at your life are you better off or worse off?"   Trey leaned back and rubbed his chin thinking.  "I am making less money but I can buy more with the money I make.  A luxury car would cost over a hundred thousand and now it's twenty-five.  A five thousand square foot home would cost at least a million and as much as ten million.  Now it's $125,000.  Mortgage loans are interest free.  Utilities are free.  Now it's mandatory we install a photovoltaic system on our homes but the cost is minimal.  Charging your electric car is free.  And if you don't have one, gasoline has a max cost of two dollars a gallon.  No more taxes of any kind.  All medical care is free, including prescription medicine.  And attorneys are free.  We get paid by the People now.  So I'm doing great."

Trey continued "About nine months ago I started using Summer Zia's personal dynamic algorithm.  It has really helped me plan.  I have more leisure time.  But for me leisure time is actually exercising more.  Tennis, racquet ball, golf, bowling, and so on.  Another wonderful idea I learned from Summer's algorithm is I can combine business into my leisure time.  My clients are more open and friendly if they walk with me in a park or ride bikes or come with me to help out at a pediatric ward in a hospital.  This thing of sitting across a mahogany desk in a pretentious office is rapidly going away."  "So the BC has worked out well for you?"  "Yes."  Then he stopped and thought. "But I'm still having trouble with my kids."  "How so?"  "They're a little lazy.  And it's my own fault.   I spoiled them too much.  I never made them do any chores around the house.  And they really love to sleep.  My god do they love to sleep.  If I went downstairs right now, you'd probably see my son Quad fast asleep.  And it's early afternoon!"  Hanna chuckled. "So the Big Change can't help you with that, huh?"  "Listen, when I was in third grade I started raising homing pigeons to sell to make a little money.  Then when I was eleven I got a job as a newspaper boy delivering 150 papers on my bicycle every morning.  Then at 14 I lied about my age and I got a job at Wienerschnitzel.  Then in my later teen years I worked on farms and mechanics shops.  If I wanted money, I had to get my butt out and work for it.  Now the People pay kids $1,500 a month for doing nothing."  Hanna said "That's not exactly true."  "No, you're right.  As part of their schooling, teens are required to learn how to make a minimum of five things we use in society.  Like my son Quad, he knows how to make a machine gun from scratch.  From making die molds to doing foundry work including quality control, and so on.  He knows the list of parts for an M16 by heart.  Right now he's taking on the task of learning how to assemble an entire Black Hawk, piece by piece.  I have no idea why he's so much in love with machines of destruction."  Hanna said "He might think of them as machines of defense.  Sounds like he's not lazy at all.  He just likes to do things that don't interest you."  "Maybe so, but he spends all his time playing stupid computer games like that Black Hawk simulator he just got."  "Sounds like he's training himself to be a chopper pilot.  It's a real simulator, right?"  "Well yes... but Quad likes to work all the angles so he can continue to take it easy."  "What do you mean?"  "Last year he got into this 'Big Brothers' program.  Now he's spending almost every weekend over here at Mission beach and Belmont Park.  It's a convenient excuse to play arcade games.  They like to throw Frisbees and play volleyball on the beach.  I think he's just trying to extend his childhood."  Hanna was becoming troubled with what Rosalio was saying, but she didn't know how to handle it diplomatically.  She said "So what is the 'Big Brother' program?"  "It was set up decades ago and the People greatly expanded it.  It's now called the 'Big Sister, Big Brother' program.  See there's no poverty anymore.  There aren't poor latchkey kids with no money to do anything.  Everybody has money.  But there are lots of kids who don't have any older brothers or sisters.  Some are wards of the state in transition to becoming adopted.  Some come from one parent families who could use an older sibling to look up to.  Someone who can show them the ropes.  Often a single parent is too busy working or the parents can't relate very well with their kids.  Sometimes a big sister or big brother can contribute more than those organized after school activity centers.  This is what they say, but you see Hanna, I believe some kids just naturally can't conform and are always going to get into trouble.  And my son says he's there to help them.  Most of them are lost causes if you ask me.  Genetics - you know."  Hanna had to stop the interview before she unloaded on him. "Well Trey, I believe you've answered all my questions.  Thank you very much for coming today.  Now we'll have Quad come in and tell us about his life after the BC."  Trey said "Thank you for having me.  If you need anything else, please let me know."  "Sure."  He went downstairs to watch baseball.  The Padres playing against the Rockies were up by two in the bottom half of the second inning in San Diego.  

Quad walked upstairs as he was watching the game on his ipad.  When he came into the room Alvin sat him down, cleaned his face and fixed his hair.  Hanna smiled. "Now we've got you looking very handsome.  Are you ready?"  "Sure.  Are we recording?"  Hanna nodded to Alvin "Now we are.  Your name is Rosalio Munoz IV.  But you go by Quad, right?"  "Correct."  "Let's see, the Big Change happened before you were a teen.  How was your life before the BC?"  "It was great.  My dad and his dad were very wealthy.  I was given the best of everything."  Hanna said "Do you think being pampered spoiled you?"  "Are you rolling me into a stereotype?  If a kid is given a lot by his parents does that mean the kid is worthless?  Does the kid have to struggle and go without to be a better person?  Do we actually know what a better person really is?"  Hanna laughed. "Are you sure you're not Jewish.  All my Jewish friends seem to always answer a question with a question."  Quad smiled. "No.  I was just thinking about the word spoiled.  Was I harmed by being pampered?  The stereotype of a pampered person is a kid who expects the world to give him things just because he exists.  But doesn't that kind of play into the reason for the Big Change?  Aren't we all human beings who deserve a good life?  I think so.  But I also think we have the responsibility to work together to have those things.  I think of a pampered person as living a one sided mentality where they expect everything but don't have to do anything to get it.  I wasn't that way.  But it fit some of the kids I knew who had multimillion dollar trust funds and knew they wouldn't have to work a day in their life.  But would these kids not have helped others in society after they became adults?  To me it's all a big grey area."  Hanna commented "That's fairly deep thinking for a sixteen year old.  Tell me... after the Big Change what changed in your life?  And, what changed with the people around you?"  "Actually, not much.  I live in the same home, go to the same school.  But now that I'm thinking about it, before the BC there was a distinctive dichotomy of students at my school."  Hanna said "They are broken into many different groups for various reasons."  "That's true, but the biggest difference was the haves and the have nots.  See my school had many different socio economic neighborhoods feeding into it.  The students from very wealthy families seemed to cluster together.  Sure, they all participated in sports, debate, theater, golfing, chess, and so on.  But when the wealthy ones had parties they only invited their own kind.  See, the poor ones were considered riffraff.  That bothered me.  A lot."  Hanna remarked "So did this dichotomy end after the BC?"  "Yes, of course."  "In what way?"  "In several ways.  First I believe there's a threshold of income happiness.  Anything above means the person is financially happy.  After the BC everybody achieved at least that threshold.  So after the BC, when one of my wealthy friends in school talked about all his expensive toys and his giant swimming pool and his last trip to Disneyworld and his skiing vacation in Colorado while he was wearing the best designer clothes holding the best cellphone money could buy... well that didn't impress anyone anymore.  Nobody cared.  Look, anybody can have a luxury car for $25,000.  Anybody can buy any kind of clothing now.  And, money doesn't correlate with the quality of the person.  It never did.  Many of the kids who were very wealthy before the BC have become social pariahs or outcasts.  You see what I'm saying?"  Hanna responded "Sort of.  What was another way this dichotomy ended?"  "Another thing was this:  Here's an example. My friend Sydney Goldstein who lives on a hill in my neighborhood... his dad was worth almost a billion dollars.  That ended when he was only able to keep fifty million of his accumulated wealth.  But 50 million is still a whole lot of money, especially with prices being slashed and no taxes and many things are free now.  Anyway my point is every adult in Sydney's family had to start working.  His dad was an investment banker.  The People eliminated all stock exchanges and private banking.  Gambling with other people's money was outlawed.  So his dad went to work on an assembly line at a tire manufacturing plant.  His skill set as an investment banker was worthless and he didn't have any education or experience doing anything else.  So he was relegated to doing simple tasks at a factory.  Sydney's family couldn't vacation anytime they wanted anymore.  Sure they got to keep 50 million dollars.  But after the BC his family was in constant turmoil because they couldn't handle actually having to go out and work."  "I kind of feel sorry for them, but not really."  "That's how all the kids in school felt when Sydney would complain about his dad's new job.  Sydney's family members were thought of as leeches on society before the BC, and now they're getting their just deserts."  Hanna remarked "So now that there's a level playing field money wise, kids for the last 5 years have gone through a social transition where other talents and skills are given much more importance over money?"  "Exactamundo.  Looks, personality, brains, athleticism have exclusively taken center stage."  

Hanna said "Let's talk about you a little more.  Are you happy?  And what are you doing to make yourself happy?  But wait... There is something I'd like to ask you first.  It's really none of my business and if you are and you want to keep it private just say you aren't.  Ok?"  "Sure.  What is it?"  She asked him "Were you adopted?"  "Wow.  That came out of left field.  What made you ask that question?"  "It's just a feeling."  "Did my dad say I was?"  "No.  Absolutely not.  But you seem so different.  And I'm getting vibes you may be holding back something.  But listen, if I'm prying just say so and we'll move on."  "Actually, Hanna...  I am adopted.  And what the heck, I don't mind if everyone knows.  What intrigues me is how you suspected it."  Hanna smiled "We'll just skip over that.  Ok?"  He said "Ok."  She asked "When did you find out you were adopted?"  "When I was twelve.  Apparently my birth mother had contacted my parents and asked to see me.  They refused.

I saw a letter on my mom's desk made out to me.  I asked her about it.  She said let's wait until your father gets home.  So later that evening they told me.  See when I was born my birth mother was seventeen and destitute.  She could barely take care of herself, much less me.  So my parents gave her fifty thousand dollars and she signed some papers promising never to contact me.  With the money she was making after the Big Change she was able to have detectives find me.  Apparently it took almost a year.  She even came by the house one day, but I wasn't there.  The police were called and she was put in jail.  They let her out with the promise never to contact me."  "Wow Quad, why won't they let you see her?"  "Hell, I don't know.  They don't want to lose me?  Maybe you should ask them.  But they did say my birth mother came from what was previously a very poor part of town and they didn't want me mixing with those trashy people."  Hanna said "So for you the BC changed your life in a way you never expected."  "Yeah.  It sort of turned everything around.  It explained a lot."  "What do you mean?"  "See right after I was adopted, my adoptive mother became pregnant with a boy.  They tried for years without any success so they thought it was a gift from God because they adopted me."  "That's interesting.  So they have a biological son about a year younger than you?"  "Yes.  And, you notice he's not here, right?  That's because my brother, his name is Tony, came out of the closet a few months ago.  He proudly announced he was gay.  It was like dad got hit on the head with a sledgehammer.  See, my bro Tony isn't exactly the brightest light bulb on the Christmas tree.  His grades are average.  That's been disappointing my dad for years.  And now he wants to look at fashion magazines instead of doing his school work.  But he takes very good care of his body.  He likes to wear skinny jeans and low cut tops.  Now he's experimenting with whispers of makeup to accentuate his facial features.  And, he's asking for hormone treatments to get boobs.  All of this is driving my father nuts."  Hanna chuckled. "Well if Tony feels more like a girl then why doesn't Trey support him?"  Quad responded "You've got to know the Mexican culture to understand why.  See there's a 'real' man and there's a 'maricón' (ma dee cone).  The culture paints maricóns as wimpy sissies who want to be dominated.  So dad can't process the fact that his own blood produced a homosexual, while his adopted bastard of a son is so macho.  See I want to become a military chopper pilot, but his real son wants to bake cookies, do yoga, and someday become a fashion designer or a hair stylist.  I want to kick ass and his biological son wants to kiss them."  Quad was laughing. "Poor dad."  Hanna asked "So why isn't Tony here?"  "Right now in our family it's like trying to stand upright during a violent earthquake.  Dad absolutely doesn't want Tony around him, and having a perfect son, that's me, around just reminds him that his blood is so 'defective' that it can't produce something as good as the 'trash' on the south side was able to produce 16 years ago."  Quad began laughing again.  "Actually I'm kind of enjoying this circus.  And I'm very angry at dad because he won't let me see my real mother.  But in two years there's nothing he can do about it.  He and mom are quickly on the road to me cutting them out of my life entirely.  So they better tread lightly and start listening to me.  And by the way, if Tony wants to be a homosexual or a transvestite that's entirely his prerogative."  Hanna said "Quad..."  Then he interrupted her "Actually, my birth mother, Norma Urrea, wanted to call me Luis Carlos, so I might change my name when I become 18."  Hanna continued "Luis Carlos, I believe whatever you choose to do in life and whoever you choose as your family and friends, you will have made the right decision.  Trust me on this.  You're a good guy.  Thank you very much for the interview.  After your adoptive parents see this on national TV I'm sure they'll be embarrassed into allowing you to see your biological mother."  Trey made a sly smile and quietly said "Who knows, I may already have."  They stood and she gave him a big hug.  Hanna is a drop dead gorgeous twenty year old so he was in hog heaven.  She hugged and kissed him on the cheek and thanked him again.  "Any time, Hanna.  Listen, I know you're four years older, but if you'd like to..."  She stopped him "I appreciate the attention but I already have a boyfriend.  I'm sorry.  But you're very handsome and I'm sure all the girls love you."  As he left to go downstairs he turned, "Hanna, maybe in a few years I'll look you up...  Ay te watcho, chica."  

Connie saw him coming down the stairs.  "Hey, Quad.  Up for some more punishment?"  "Any time.  Let's do it."  Walking into the game room he remarked "You said you're half Apache, right?"  "Uh-huh.  So now you're going to use that as the reason why I can whip your butt in a Blackhawk?"  He's almost six feet and she's five-nine.  She looked at him, smiled and grabbed his shoulders. "You need to 'man up' little boy and learn how to fly like you mean it."  "You know what Connie, I think I like you.  You demand excellence and nothing less."  She added "And I'm cute."  "Well for a 14 year old, I guess so."  "What!  I'm almost 15!  Just for that I'll grant you no mercy."  She continued, but thinking to herself  "And mercy, mercy those coal black eyes are sooo gorgeous.  And you smell sooo goood."   For over an hour she beat the crap out of him, but he loved every minute of it because she forced him to sharpen his flying skills.

Trip to Copper Canyon
It was 3:00pm.  Trey had left.  Connie was in the basement having fun with Quad. Nellie was out surfing with Ben.  The Bandidas and Sophia were sprawled out on the sofas in the living room watching TV and talking.  Hazel, Hanna, Jon and Nikki were out on the boardwalk.  Sofia began pacing back and forth.  "I'm bored to death you guys.  There's nothing to do!"  She went up to Lupe. "Let's go do something." "Well, what do you want to do?"  "Anything!  Let's just get out of here."  "You know we're leaving for Sea World at 6:30.  That's three and a half hours from now.  Don't you want to relax?"  "Come on guys.  We're all cooped up in here.  Let's go do something!"  Lupe looked at Molly. "Xochitl Metztli, it's been a few months since you've seen your Panina, right?" "She'll be angry if I'm there for only an hour or so."  "Just tell her...  I don't know.  Tell her something.  Better she gets mad than not see you at all, right?"  

Sophia looked at the Bandidas. "What?  Where you taking me?"  Tracy smiled. "It's a surprise."  "I don't like surprises.  Just tell me.  Maybe I don't wanna go!"  Lupe said "You've been pestering us for the last ten minutes and now you don't wanna to go?  Trust us."  "That's the point.  I don't trust you.  I'm getting outta here."  She started running but Tracy grabbed her.  Mike was watching the ballgame in the back room.  Lupe motioned for Mike to grab his machine gun and go with them.  He jumped up with his weapon.  The Bandidas walked over to Tracy's room holding Sophia as she was squirming to get loose.  They held hands and poof.

"Put me down, Tracy!  What is this place?"  Molly said "This is where my mom grew up.  It's called Barrancas del Cobre or Copper Canyon.  And right up there is grandma's house."  After ten minutes of walking up a long steep path, a few kids spotted them and ran down to say hello.  Molly excitedly said "Look, here comes Maria Juliana (pronounced Ma-dee-a Hoo-lee-ana).  Eight years ago she came in first."  Sophia asked "First in what?"  "First in the Ultra-marathon."   "The Rarámuri are long distance runners?"   "Of course.  She ran a fifty mile race and finished in ten hours.  That's twelve minutes a mile, up and down these steep slopes.  My people are some of the toughest humans on earth.  We can run over a hundred miles without stopping.  And Maria Juliana's little sister, Maria Lorena, loves to run too."  Lupe said "Well Sophia, you wanted to do something.  How about meeting Molly's kick ass cousins?"  Maria Juliana ran up and in English said "Hey Xochitl, long time no see.  What have you been up too?"  "Same old stuff.  Sounds like your English is getting better, Juli (hoo lee).  So you walked twelve miles from your new house to visit my grandmother?"  "I ran here.  She doesn't want to use Skype... Set in her ways, you know.  It's hard enough getting her to use a cellphone."  Molly said "You remember my friends Lupe, Tracy, and Mike."  She continued "And here are two you haven't met... This is Bannister and Sophia."  "Glad to meet you."  Juli looked up the path. "Come on, let's go say hello to your grandparents."  After walking 200 feet up a steep narrow footpath they finally reached the house.  As soon as the door opened out wafted the wonderful smell of her grandmother's cooking.  Because of her unusual blue eyes, her grandmother's name is Panina.  It means Sky in Rarámuri.  Molly calls her Cihtli (seet lee) which means grandmother in Nahuatl (na waht). 

The following conversations occurred in a mixture of Spanish, Rarámuri, and Nahuatl.  Molly walked into the kitchen "Grandma, your cooking smells so good."  "My little Moon Flower!  What a pleasant surprise.  Come here and give your grandmother a big hug.  You're even more beautiful now than you were two months ago.  And I see you've even grown a bit.  Here, you and your friends please sit down."  Panina had a large kitchen table that sat twelve.  One by one she said hello to each guest.  "Mike, you handsome devil, it's good to see you again, but I've told you before you really don't need that weapon here.  If there is a problem, we can take care of it."  "I'm sure you can Abuela but it's my job."  Panina yelled out "Frank, come in here.  We've got some guests."  Her husband Frank was in the back living room watching Noticias de me Corazon. That's his favorite telenovela.  Panina complained "Sometimes it takes a stick of dynamite to pry him out of that chair."  As Frank was walking into the kitchen he said "Panina, quit yelling. What do you want?  Oh, we have guests.  Xochitl!  What a nice surprise.  Hello everybody.  Is today a special occasion my wife didn't tell me about?"  Molly said "No grandfather, we just came to say hello.  We we're passing through so we can only stay for an hour or so."  Panina scolded "Xochitl, you know it hurts when you stay for only a short time.  It makes me feel like I'm not important."  Molly stood and hugged her.  "Cihtli, you know you're number one with me.  It's just that we had this opportunity in-between stuff, so we took advantage of it.  Let me introduce you to two more of my friends, Bannister and Sophia."  Bannister stood and Panina walked over.  "Wow, such a beautiful young girl.  Blue eyes like mine, except your skin... hasn't had enough sun.  And tall, too."  Panina is 5'2" and Bannister is 6'.  Panina then turned to Sophia.  And your name is Sophia?  You look very much like my people.  Those green eyes are beautiful.  And your smile..."  Panina quickly turned to Molly "Watch out for this one.  All the boys are going to be after her.  Keep her covered for the next... how old are you?"  "Going on thirteen."   "Keep her covered for the next five years or until she's out of school."  "We will for sure, Cihtli.  Do you mind if I show Bannister and Sophia around outside for a few minutes?"  "Of course not, but hurry back."   The others remained in the kitchen to talk.

They walked to the rear of the house.  Molly had a photovoltaic system installed last year.  "My grandmother still thinks it's some kind of crazy magic."  Sophia said "If only she knew about Blinking."  Molly said "I don't want to give her a heart attack."

There's no road up to Panina's house.  The closest one is a very rough hardly traveled dirt road about five miles further down in the canyon.  So it was convenient to say they left their vehicle parked there.  As Sophia was looking around she commented "So is this the Copper Canyon I studied in geography class this year?" "Yes."  Sophia continued "I've been to the Grand Canyon.  Dad took us there.  But I read this canyon is four times bigger and goes down 6,000 feet where the Grand Canyon only goes down 4,500 feet."   Sophia slowly made a 360. "Wow, this place is huuuuge.  And it's beautiful.  No wonder your people don't want outsiders coming in.  They'd ruin it."  "That's right.  In the summer my people move to higher cooler mountain levels.  Then in the winter they go down to the bottom where the weather is tropical.  Smart, huh?"  Sophia asked "What do you call this little guy, a donkey or a jackass?  He's very cute."  "Either one is appropriate."  Sophia laughed "So he's a jackass when he acts like one."  "I guess so."  Sophia asked "What are those kids doing?"  "It's a game they play with a ball and a stick."  Bannister commented "There isn't much going on around here.  Don't these people get really bored?"  Molly replied "We talk, and we talk, and we talk.  Our culture has the most vivid imagination.  You wouldn't believe all the old folktales we have."  She continued "See that girl.  She's winning a game against three boys.  Now she'll have a nice long story to tell tonight about her agility and quick thinking that allowed her to overcome the strength of those three boys."  Sophia said "Ok, I've seen enough.  Can we leave now?"  Molly said "Of course not.  Let's go back and sit down.  If you're nice, my grandmother might even give you some of her recipes for pinole (pee no le) and chia."

When they returned to the kitchen Panina brought everybody up to speed with all that was going on in the canyon.  The drug lords act like Robin Hoods.  They grow marijuana and everybody keeps their mouth shut.  But occasionally someone gets murdered.  The lack of rain is hurting everybody.  She also talked about her relatives and how they were doing.  Most of the conversation was casual until the subject of the Big Change came up. 
 
Panina said "You people in the United States proudly call it the Big Change.  But you know what; it's been part of our culture for thousands of years."  She shook her head. "It takes a while for you tontolones

 ((Note from author: I grew up next to the Rio Grande River in a poor Hispanic neighborhood of El Paso, Texas.  Most my friends were first generation or undocumented.  Tonto can mean stupid, foolish, dumb, idiot, fool.  The lon in tontolon just emphasizes that the person is really stupid, foolish, etc.  The es in Tontolones means more than one person.))

to catch on."  Sophia asked "What do you mean, Abuela?"  Molly said "It's called córima.  Córima is the right that all Rarámuri have to request support if they really need it.  It applies first to the relatives and neighbors who are better off.  The better off must comply with their obligation to share food with those who don't have enough.  If relatives are unable to share, then they look to others who have more... preferably wealthy people.  They must not only share food but also animal covers and tools to work the land with.  Asking for córima doesn't mean borrowing or getting a loan or a gift.  It doesn't cause shame or humiliation.  Córima is insurance against the problems of drought, pests, diseases and other things no one can avoid.  Also with old people, widows, and orphans, if they can't take care of themselves, they can move to another person's home and become part of the family.  When someone travels, they don't need to bring anything with them because they can get food and a place to sleep with just a visit at any Rarámuri's home.   Not offering córima to a visitor is considered a crime and worse a snub.  And they don't have reciprocity.  Each one shares with those who need it and not precisely with those who helped."  Sophia suggested "Kind of like in the old movie Pay It Forward?"  Molly responded "Sort of, except Trevor looked for people in need and offered help.  The Rarámuri ask for help because there is no shame in asking.  The shame is in not giving."  Sophia said "And this córima stuff has been part of your culture for thousands of years?"  Molly replied "For at least 5,000 years."  Sophia said "No wonder your people have survived for so long.  Instead of taking advantage of others to advance themselves, they help each other like in a family."  Molly said "When the Europeans first came, they took advantage of my people using córima as a device to steal."  Sophia responded "Jerks."

Bannister asked "So what do the Rarámuri believe about their origins?"  Molly, using her photographic memory, said "I like the way a professor named Claudia Molinari describes our beliefs which became modified after the European invasion.  She said "God made dolls of a man and a woman from corn masa and dirt.  Then he made dolls of animals that people can associate with like birds and deer.   Then God wanted to bring them to life so he blew into their mouths.  He blew four times into women, and three times into men.  This breath of God is the souls of the Rarámuri and the animals.  Several souls live inside the body.  One is in the head, another in the stomach, and other places too.  The souls leave the person when they're asleep and dreaming.  Sometimes they leave when they're sick or acting crazy.  For strength and health, all the souls must come back when the person is awake.  The souls guide the Rarámuri to forage, farm, and hunt.  God showed them how to make tesgüino out of fermented corn and to drink it at festivals and religious ceremonies.  These ceremonies are to bring rain for crops so the Rarámuri and the plants and animals can continue to exist."

"But one day the devil who is God's older brother wanted to create dolls too.  He was overcome with envy.  He made them white dolls using lime, but when he breathed into them they wouldn't come to life.  The devil also made snakes, scorpions, spiders, and other evil predators.  They too wouldn't come to life.  So, the devil asked his younger brother for help.  He was his brother so God couldn't say no.  But he blew only twice into the mouths the devil created.  The devil's creations are called the chabochi or the White humans.  The White men have beards that look like spiders on their cheeks.  And, the White women must never be trusted."

"God created the Rarámuri.  They make him happy.  But the chabochi irritate God because they are loud, corrupt, and deceitful.  They betray, and murder.  They drink tesgüino only to get drunk and crazy.  Since the Rarámuri make God happy, he has them live at the edge of the world where they can be happy."  Molly smiled and said "What do you think, Bannister?"  She replied "Kind of creepy the way they adapted it to the Judeo/Christian dogma.  Except the Rarámuri believe the Europeans were treacherous."  Molly responded "Well, they kind of were.  The Rarámuri believe the chabochi are a cancer that wiped out anything that got in their way, and all of it was in the name of Christianity.  So you see the extreme paradox?"  Bannister replied "Wow", then she remained silent.  

After talking for a good two hours, Lupe looked at her watch.  "Hey, guys we better head out."  Molly hugged her grandmother and looked into her beautiful eyes "I always miss you, Cihtli."  She hugged Frank. "Take good care of my grandmother, Abuelo."  "You know I always do."  Panina said "As long as I feed him, he's happy.  Come by and see us again soon.  And next time stay for a while."  Panina hugged Molly holding her tight looking deeply into her spirit.  "You were in my dreams months before you were born.  The ancients came to me and said you would become our people's greatest leader.  Please stay safe on your journeys my beautiful moon flower."  Molly cried. "I will Cihtli.  I love you."

Everybody said goodbye and off they went back down the steep trail.  Juli followed them out of the house and offered to go along.  They insisted she stay and continue visiting with her great aunt.  Juli relented but it made her a little suspicious.  So she surreptitiously followed behind with the stealth of a Jaguar.  The group walked about a third of a mile and stopped.  "Is there anybody around?"......  "There's nobody.  Let's do it.  Quickly."   They formed a straight line facing the same direction looking down into the valley.  They held hands.  Holding hands made Juli very suspicious.  She sprang out from behind some bushes and grabbed Sophia's hand at the end of the line.  Lupe was saying her usual "Cross my fingers and poke your eye, bye."  But this time Juli Blinked with the rest of the group.  Sophia said "Oh-oh, guys.  I think we have a stowaway.  She grabbed my hand just before we blinked."  Molly walked over as Juliana was sitting on the sidewalk next to the side of the beach house.  The following conversation occurred in Spanish.  As she was scanning her, Molly asked "Are you ok?"  With wide eyes, Juliana asked "Where am I?"  Molly sat next to her. "We're in San Diego, California.  Remember the legend of the sky people who visited us thousands of years ago?"  Juliana's heart started pounding.  Molly said "Relax, cousin.  Everything's ok...  We have one of the sky people with us now."  Molly motioned to Lupe to come and sit with them.  "Lupe is one of the sky people.  Thousands of years ago her ancestors visited us, and now she has come to help us travel across the galaxy."  Juliana reached over and touched Lupe's arms and face.  Molly said "Yes, she's real.  She's Human (Indian), just like us."  Lupe quickly caught on and softly said "Yes, Juliana.  I'm the one you saw on TV last year.  I'm the one who can take people across the galaxy in minutes.  My identity has to remain a secret.  Can you keep me and what happened a secret?"  Juliana sat quietly for a moment taking it all in.  "Am I having a dream?  Is this real life?"  Molly said "Of course it is."  Juli said to Lupe "You've come back like our legends foretold!"  She immediately faced Lupe and bowed her body flat to the sidewalk "Praise you oh mighty one.  I am your humble servant."  Lupe said "Don't do that."  She turned to Molly with a look of "Do something."  Molly said "No Juli, Lupe is just like us.  She is no god.  Ok?"  "But only a god can do what she did."  "Come on, Juli.  See this cellphone.  It can send voices and videos across the world in a split second.  Did a god make this?  No."

Mike was walking over to Juli.  Tracy stepped in front of him.  She said let the Bandidas handle this, Mike."  He let out a deep sigh and said ok and walked into the house to talk it over with Cletus.  What Mike didn't fully understand yet was ultimately the Bandidas have the last word concerning their actions.  The People's Secret Service must protect but they cannot force the Bandidas to do anything.  These are the orders of the People of the United States to the Secret Service.  In fact, Lupe, Molly, and Tracy have been granted the highest levels of military authority.  

Tracy helped Juli stand up. "Juliana, can you keep this a secret?"  Juli said "Yes, of course.  I don't want to hurt anybody.  And it's my sacred obligation to obey the sky people."  Molly did a reading and was very relieved.  "Come on Juli, let's get you inside.  We need to clean you up and put some different clothes on you.  Call your mother on your cellphone and tell her you'll be home tomorrow.  Ok?"  They quickly snuck her in through the kitchen door and into Tracy's bedroom.  She took a shower and put on a pair of Tracy's pants and one of Molly's t-shirts.  Lupe said "Look at you girl.  There's muscle tone all over your body."  As Juli was admiring herself in the mirror "Every Monday I run 50 miles, and it shows.  Are you sure this top isn't too sexy?"  Bannister said "Juliana, that's a body to be proud of."  Molly looked at her phone.  "It's 6:00pm.  Let's go downstairs.  We're leaving in a half an hour."  Tracy said "Don't leave yet.  I need to shoot all of you up with strength."  The girls called Connie, Nellie, Hanna, and Tracy's mom to give them a heads up about Maria Juliana.

While they were walking downstairs Molly said "Hey everybody, look who's come to visit us from Tijuana.  It's our cousin Maria Juliana."  Cletus looked over at Lupe and just shook his head, and thought "You girls are going to give me an ulcer."  Mike smiled and stepped forward "Juli, it's nice to see you again."  Jon and his sister and their cousins said hello.  Nellie and Ben had already returned and cleaned up.  She cajoled Cletus, Connie, and his mother to let him come with them to Sea World.  Connie wanted Quad to come along too.  All of this was giving Cletus heartburn.  "Mike, you got some Rolaids?"  "Here you go, boss.  I'm glad I'm not in charge."  "Thanks for your brutal honesty.  Here, give me another Rolaid."  As they were leaving to Sea World, Jon and Nikki said goodbye.  Jon had to work.  Nikki had a date.  Trey had already left before 3:00 because he was taking his wife to the symphony.  She forces him go.

Visit to Sea World
At the front gate to Sea World Mike asked Juli if she'd been to the States before.  "No, this is my first time.  Everything is different.  I've seen it on television but I didn't think it was so busy.  Everyone is moving so fast like they're being chased by wild animals."  "You're right about that, Juli.  But Tijuana is almost as bad, so try not to talk about anything.  Ask others about themselves but don't talk about yourself.  It's safer that way.  And, try not to talk to strangers.  Ok?"  "Ok."

Only Hanna and the agents had been to Sea World before.  Hanna said "Ok... everybody has a map with the show schedules.  If you get lost, just call me and someone will come get you.  And remember the main reason we're here is to interview some people.  Does anybody have any suggestions?"  Connie said "Well for sure you need to interview a person who works here."  Tracy said "If possible, I'd like to go behind the shows and speak to some biologists."  Lupe said "We should interview a walrus."  Hanna replied "Cute Lupe, but all we'd get would be grunting mixed with clapping."  "So?  I'm serious.  Molly can help."

Cletus got off the phone.  "Hanna, I was talking to one of the managers here.  They'd like us to do something special with them."  "Great, where to?"  "The beluga whales."  When they arrived a trainer was showing a little boy some tricks.  The girls also joined in.  Next they went to see a rescued baby sea otter. Then off to see the baby penguins.  Then the seals.  After an hour of visiting backstage, Connie wanted to see some of the shows.  Hanna suggested the girls and Hazel go on ahead while she interviewed two employees.  One was a vet who is part of their wild animal rescue team.  The other was an ex-killer whale trainer who discussed the dangers and why they stopped the shows.  Hanna lamented the caging of wild animals.   But it's the only way the public can learn about these creatures on a mass scale.  It creates more compassion for them.

Nellie and Ben went with Juli on some rollercoaster rides.  Juli grabbed Mike to come with her.  He made sure Juli understood he was working.  She said "Of course, that's why I want you with us.  What?  You think I want you to come along because I like you.  Sorry Mike.  You're a nice guy, but you're not my type.  And, you're too old."  (Ouch.)   Later Mike became sick from something he ate at the park.  Juli cut pieces of some familiar plants she found in the park, smashed them up and had Mike eat them to heal his stomach.  She told Mike there weren't any medicine stores where she lives but she can heal anything using plants.   She doesn't trust the bottled medicines because she doesn't know the ingredients.

Sophia's favorite was the seal show.  During the show they made sure to get splashed on.  At the show a handsome teen tried to get Tracy's number.  She told him she had to get her dad's permission.  So she called Cletus over.  He grabbed the guy's ear and walked him a distance away then told him to get lost.

The night ended with a laser light show.  Back at the beach house Juli slept with the bandidas.  Next morning after breakfast Lupe and Mike Blinked her home.

After Juli was returned home, they headed off in the 8x to Los Angeles.  Lupe, Molly, and Bannister decided to go along.  On the flight the girls sang and danced to Living in America.  After a few songs they were already in the landing approach pattern.   From the airport they headed off to a Golden Arches.

McDonalds in Orange County
Sunday June 2, 2019.  Nellie was the first to jump out and run inside.  While in line Connie said "When I was little I always got the happy meal with nuggets, fries, and a drink.  Now they come with your choice of an orange, apple, pear, or banana.  The nuggets don't have meat glue anymore and the fries are baked.  And if you don't like fries you can get baked sweet potato fries or corn on the cob with real butter.  And the corn doesn't taste like poison anymore.  And for my drink I like carbonated orange juice."  Nellie, standing in front of the group said "I like the action figures."

The people ahead of Nellie had just completed their order and were moving to the side so Nellie could place hers.  Five teenage cheerleaders dressed uniform cut in front.  "Hey, no cuts!"  "Sorry but we're in a hurry."  "That's no excuse for bad manners."  She grabbed the tallest girl's wrist and squeezed.  The chemicals from yesterday were still working.  "Ouch!  That hurts, you little shit!"  Nellie said "You need to go to the back of the line, now."  "Over my dead body!"  "That can be arranged.  So, you want to do this the easy way or the hard way."   Sophia was standing behind Nellie thoroughly enjoying the spectacle.  She said "You should listen to my little sister.  She has a black belt."  "In what?"  "Everything."  Tracy walked to the front, turned and looked at the five teens.  Tracy is 15 and the cheerleaders were 17 and taller than Tracy.  She was about to lay down the law when Hanna came up. "Hey, why don't we all order together.  It's on me."  Brandy, the head cheerleader said "What?"  Hanna said "The girls and I are making a documentary about life after the Big Change.  It's going to be on national TV.  You five look interesting.  Would you mind us videoing you while we eat lunch."  Brandy turned to the others "You guys wanna be on TV?"  Cande, the second in command said "Of course!"  Nellie sarcastically said "Great, all they need now are their pompoms.  Go team, go!  Oh, I'm so cute and spoiled.  You gotta love me."  Cande looked down. "Zip it you little shrimp."

To the side in the back of the McDonalds dining area was this huge wraparound booth that seats twelve people.  There were fourteen in the group so Alvin also saved the next booth over which sat six.  As they were walking with their food, Nellie asked "Hey, Miss Cheer-a-lot, do all high school cheerleaders act like brats?"  Brandy said "Only when provoked by little squirts."  Nellie smiled and said "Don't push your luck, Miss tall, blonde, and amazon."  Nellie jumped at her pretending to grab her arm again.  Brandy squealed. "Stay away from me, you little monster."   Hanna said "Come on girls, settle down."

The cheerleaders sat on one side of the large booth.  Next was Hanna followed by Nellie, Sophia, and Hazel.  Sitting in the other booth were Connie and the Bandidas.  While everybody was enjoying their food Alvin was preparing the lighting and camera. Nellie was playing with her happy meal action figure 'Iron woman'.  She was taking on Sophia's toy 'Aquaman'.  "Take this, boom, and that, smack, you scaly weirdo.  When the mermaid says no she means no!  So get lost, before I pulverize you."  Brandy looked over. "A little old to be playing with dolls, aren't you?"  Nellie smiled "At least I don't dress and act like one."  Hanna said "Ok girls, let's call a truce.  We're about to record."

Alvin said "Ready when you are, Miss Hanna."  She nodded. "Are we rolling?  Good.  Hi everybody.  We're sitting in a big beautiful McDonalds in Orange County, California.  Next to me are five high school cheerleaders.  Let's get their names."  "Hi, I'm Brandy."  "And I'm Cande."  "I'm Valentina."  "I'm Tory."  "I'm Silvia.  Go Indians!"  Hanna asked "Do you girls attend a high school close by?"  Silvia said "Are you kidding.  We're from Southside High.  You know, the area where all the Spicks, Spooks, and White trash live."  Hanna said "Wow, such hard language.  When you talk like that aren't you validating the stereotype?"  Valentina, the smart one who immediately understood replied "We're just angry because the kids around here look down their nose at us.  They call us ghetto trash.  So we instinctively fight back by being tough... and pretty."  Cande added "My real name is Candelaria.  I shortened it so I would fit in better.  Have you ever heard one of these Gringos pronounce Candle-air-reea, like it's some kind of strange foreign word."  Hanna chuckled. "No not really.  So I guess you're attending cheerleading school here in Orange County, right?"  Brandy said "Yes."  "Is it fun?  Are you learning a lot?"  Tory said "We're having a blast.  The instructors say our team, there are actually ten of us, they say our team is the best."  "Why's that?"  Cande said "Because we're stronger and we have more school spirit."  Valentina added "And we have natural Latina rhythm so we look better dancing."  Hanna said "Now you're stereotyping that gringas have no rhythm.  I've been dancing since I was five and last year I was the lead dancer in a Broadway show in New York City."  Brandy said "Oops.  Sorry."  Hanna said "So I'm sensing a clash of races in this area?  Am I right?"  Valentina responded "I don't think it's so much that as it is the equalizing."  Hanna asked "Equalizing?"  Valentina said "You know...  We're all equal now.  See, I've read..."  The other girls interrupted and said "That's all she does is read."  Valentina smiled and pointed to her head looking at her buds "Brain muscle, you should use it more often."  Hanna said "Well, go on."  Valentina continued "I've read that we are pretty much who we are by the time we reach the age of ten.  The Big Change occurred when we were twelve.  So see the problem is the well-to-do kids our age were taught and had engrained in their minds that they were better people.  They were made to believe they were better because they had more wealth.  You know, they lived in better homes, dressed in better clothes, and had nicer cars.  And conversely, we were made to believe the reason we had less was because the rich were holding us down.  We knew we were just as good as or better than the richies, except we weren't given the opportunities.  So now kids my age are sized up by personality, looks, drive, and intelligence.  Money has nothing to do with it anymore."  Hanna said "You know I heard the same thing from a 16 year old boy yesterday."  Valentina said "You see... most kids know.  But like I said, the wealthier kids because of their upbringing are having a hard time processing it.  Instead of lashing out at minorities or people with less education, they need to be looking inward to themselves."  Brandy said "Ok, enough of the boring serious stuff.  Can we talk about some new routines we've been working on?  They're really difficult and dangerous, but they're mind blowingly beautiful!"  Hanna continued with the interview for another twenty minutes.  The girls were so pumped they forgot about time.

Meanwhile in the next booth Lupe was asking Connie "So you played with Quad since Friday night.  Molly asked "Was he that dreamy?" "It's those coal black eyes.  His smile lights up a room.  His cute laugh.  And he smells sooo good."  Molly said "Sounds like you've got a bad case, girl.  You know he's 16 and you're only 14." "I'll be 15 soon enough.  And true love has no age."  Lupe giggled. "Oh my goodness, I just heard the "L" word."  "Well, I don't loooove him.  He's more into himself.  We had some fun together.  That's all."  "So why did you drop the "L" word?"  "Because Quad is a guy maybe I could love.  But he's not the only one."  Connie giggled and continued "Mom used to say guys are like busses.  If you miss one don't worry, another one will come along soon.  But remember all they want to do is take you for a ride."  Lupe said "Boys are like busses because they are driven to do only one thing.  But it's us girls who can do what the hell we want any time we want, with or without the damn bus!"  Tracy added "But if it's a cute bus, you might want to check under the hood to see if it has a heart."  Molly asked "Do you think there's really such a thing true love?"  Connie said "That all depends on what you call love.  I wouldn't want a boy to be so infatuated with me that he worships the ground I walk on.  And I don't want a boy who thinks of me just as a sex object.  And I absolutely don't want a boy who's a little pansy ass that's easily controlled.  And I will never pretend to be clueless and needy in order to inflate some guy's pathetic ego."  Lupe said "No girl wants any of those.  So what do you think love is?"  Connie responded "First comes the chemistry... you know, the animal attraction that you scientists could explain.  So if the magnetism is there, the next thing is respect.  Some people call it romance.   And I'm not talking about pretending respect just to get a little.  I'm mean real respect.  And I don't mean respecting my wishes when I say no.  I mean the guy would listen to me, understand me and my wants and desires.  We need to get to know each other enough to see if we would be compatible and if we would really enjoy each other's company.  And never intentionally hurt each other.  And one more thing... I like the thought of guy bringing me flowers.  But why is it inappropriate for me to bring him flowers?"  Tracy said "You still didn't tell us what you think love is, Connie."  Bannister said "Look you guys, love is different for every person.  It's something you can't nail down or clearly define.  Remember Dwight Beard and Kathy Loving at school?  All they wanted to do was have sex.  There was no communication at any other level.  She graduated number two in my class and he was near the bottom.  She told me he's the kind of guy she always wanted.  I said two hundred pounds of pure muscle and dreamy passion, but the lights are off and nobody's home upstairs?  She'd smile and say 'Exactly'."  The girls laughed.  Molly added "I agree with Bannister.  You can't definitively say what will make a couple happy and why their relationship lasted or why it ended abruptly.  But give me some time with my experiments and maybe I can give you a better answer in a year."  Again they laughed.  Connie looked at Lupe. "Well I haven't heard how your long distance romance is going.  Let's see, Austin is an A-B student.  He's good looking.  But a million boys have the same qualities.  So why are you sticking with him?"  Lupe thought for a moment... "You know it can be a very scary thing to expose yourself to others.  You're very vulnerable especially if you're rejected.  It's just so easy to stay with someone you're familiar with instead of taking the risk because you could be crushed emotionally by someone you were completely head over heels infatuated with."  She continued "The rollercoaster ride in DC is the most thrilling ride I've ever been on.  Ups and downs, over and around in loops, even leaving the tracks and having a moment of thrilling fear and complete unpredictability then coming back down to a place of safety.  I can see how adrenaline junkies would love new relationships.  But some of us like blue eyes, cowboy hats, blue jeans, belt buckles, lizard skin boots, and predictability coming from goodhearted beautiful boys."  Lupe bent her head down toward the middle of the table and whispered "Besides it's thrilling enough when we go to a new planet not knowing if we're going to live or die.  Right Tracy?... right Molly?"  She continued "I gotta have some constancy, something I can depend on.  So maybe my Cowboy is one of those solid rocks I've chosen in this raging sea of life."  Tracy said "Wow Lupe that was really deep.  But all of us sitting here already know and understand everything we just said.  So let's just agree that there's no such thing as 'love' and talk about something else before we bore ourselves to death."  They all laughed and agreed.  Bannister said "So when do you guys want to head back home?"  Lupe responded "The latest would be 9:00 tonight.  If it gets too boring, we can leave earlier.  Is that ok with you Molly... you Bannister?"

Lupe added "And Bannister, I've been thinking.  Would you like to work at the facility?  We really need a person to tutor our scientists.  They need to have the ability to write in a brief cogent understandable manner.  When I sit down and read reports, most of it is just mumbo jumbo esoteric crap that only a handful of elitist eggheads in their narrow field of research can immediately understand.  That means I have to take time out and rapidly come up to speed with the minutia to enable me to throw out the superfluous details and get to the meat.  When a report is written I want it in simple language.  I want it as brief as possible.  And I want it pertinent to the endeavor.  I can't stand it when people carry on forever telling me something that would take only one paragraph."  Bannister said "Sounds interesting.  Do you think they would resent an 18 year old telling them what to do?"  The other Bandidas laughed.  Tracy said "Lupe, Molly, myself, and Jacob run a large part of that facility and we're only fifteen and Jacob's seventeen.  It's a new age now, Bannister.  Tenure doesn't count anymore.  People are recognized for their contributions and not because they've been doing it for years and years and years.  Before the BC, following the Peter Principle, managers rose to the level of their incompetence."  Bannister thought that was really funny.  Lupe said "So that's it.  You're coming with me tomorrow.  No sense in wasting time."  Connie said "Ok guys, so what about today?  What do you want to do?"  Tracy said "We're supposed to talk about it as a group.  I imagine that'll happen when we're outside."

Hanna thanked the cheerleaders again for the interview.  As they were leaving Nellie went up to Valentina. "Before the Big Change my sisters and I lived in a barrio in Newark, New Jersey.  Mom said she struggled just to keep a roof over our heads and food on the table.  I remember a little about being poor, but I never really had rich people be mean to me because I never got out of my old neighborhood.  But listen, I've been around lots of extraordinary people lately.  And I can see you're about the same as they are.  So keep up your school stuff and be the best you can be physically.  You're going far in life."  Nellie continued "I want to be as smart, strong, and beautiful as you when I'm in high school.  See you later.  Aye te watcho."   As Nellie was walking out to the van, Valentina thought "Thanks for the compliment.  I have a strange feeling we actually will see each other again."

On to Disneyland
Hanna gathered the girls around the back of the van "With Mark's help I was able to pull a few strings, so I secured the Pirates of the Caribbean suite, the Adventure Land suite, and the Big Thunder suite at the Disneyland Hotel.  They're all next to each other in the Adventure Tower.  Would that be ok?"  Nellie shouted "Disneyland Hotel where Minnie Mouse lives?   Hanna said "Of course.  And guess what else.  I've got audience tickets to the Ellen show today.  It starts at two."  The girls applauded and off they went.  

On the drive Sophia asked Hanna "I'm sure those suites were already reserved.  Is it really fair to kick the people out?"  Hanna said "No.  To compensate, the three displaced families were given less expensive rooms and we added an extra week to their vacation.  And Mark is paying for everything.  They were tickled pink."  Sophia said "But what if they refused to give up their suites?"  Hanna said "Then we would have stayed somewhere else.  See, Mark is very wealthy.  The People made an exception and allowed him to have over a billion dollars.  But he doesn't have the right to take stuff away from anybody just because he's Mark Zukerberg.  But he can try to wheel and deal with them.  Money isn't really a problem anymore.  But time is very precious.  That extra week of vacation is what sealed the deal."

Hanna continued "Time is precious because everybody has to work at least 30 hours a week.  And, we get six weeks off a year.  But sooner than you think everything will change.  After that machines and computers will be doing most of the work."  Sophia said "Working out a deal to get the rooms seems fair.  But what you just said about machines reminded me of something.  You've seen the Hunger Games movies, right?"  Hanna turned to Sophia. "What you're about to ask me is very insightful, Sophia.  Mark and the other original Pioneers have been thinking about it for years.  The young Pioneers are also working on solutions.  Yes, the story shows the people living in the Capital city as being worthless.  Since they didn't have to work, they directed their time to sensations.  Sex, mind altering drugs that detach people from reality, gluttony, deviant behavior, enjoying the spectacle of people getting killed.  The author in a way was saying an idle mind and an idle body can make us worthless and evil."  Sophia laughed "Yeah, if you take it to an extreme, can you imagine every person in America sitting in their mother's basement playing video games, smoking pot and eating food getting so fat they have to be rolled around.  Then for sure the machines would take over and kill us."  Hanna said "It's nothing to joke about.  This is a critical time.  We need to be careful and not detach ourselves from our environment so much that most of us will become worthless while the few overseers of the machines and computers could have the opportunity to annihilate the rest of us.  And believe me, they would."  Sophia said "Since last year when I heard Uncle Elon talk at the Museum I've been thinking about it."  Hanna smiled "A beautiful 13 year old who's also a deep thinker.  Nellie's a warrior.  And Connie can size a person up in seconds.  Her perception is uncanny.  Norma has some very impressive kids."  Sophia replied "You damn right."  

Cletus drove to the main entrance of Disneyland Hotel.  Again Nellie was the first to jump out.  Minnie and Mickey were greeting the guests.  Nellie shouted "Minnie!" and ran over to get a hug.  The teen inside the costume squealed "Hey, don't squeeze so hard.  Do you eat steel for breakfast?  You almost broke me in half."  "Oops, I'm sorry."  Nellie grabbed Minnie's head and brought her face down to hers and whispered "Are you ok in there?  Really... did I break anything?"  "No I'm ok.  Do you have an aspirin or an ibuprofen?  It's hot in here and I've got a headache."  Nellie called Tracy over.  "I got carried away and squeezed Minnie too hard and she's got a headache too.  You got any pain killers on you?" "You do know there's a girl inside that costume, right?"  Nellie said "Tracy, stop it before I slap you silly.  Oops, you already are.  Too late."  Tracy handed Minnie two Aleve and a bottle of water.  As they were walking inside Nellie said "Sometimes I forget how strong you made me." "It's ok.  I used to forget all the time."

Hanna gathered everybody together.  "Ok, it's 11:30am and the taping of the Ellen show starts at 2:00pm.  It will take 30 minutes to an hour to get to the studio.  That gives us about an hour and a half to burn.  So what would you like to do?"  Since they were staying in the Thunder Mountain suite Connie suggested they go on the ride with the same name.  The group took the monorail from the hotel to the park.  Thunder Mountain was lots of fun but it ended too quickly.  So they went to the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror.  Time was running short so they quickly left out the front gate where the van was waiting. 

Ellen show
On the way Connie called her mom.  "I think we're going to the Yavapai Reservation.  Sophia called our Abuela and told her.  She wants to go with us."  "When are you leaving?"  "In a couple days.  They caught a commercial flight out of Cuernavaca to LAX this morning."  Norma said "You girls are crazy.  You know there's going to be a problem."  "But mo'om, we talked about this before.  Right?"  "We both know at least one of their friends or cousins will recognize them at the casino.  There are only 1,700 people in the Yavapai Nation living on the reservation."  "But mom, I like the story that they were abducted and examined by aliens.  It was so painful the aliens felt sorry and they made them young again.  You know our people are very superstitious.  I'm sure they would believe it.  And they'd keep their mouths shut if Pablo and Magdalena asked them to.  You know... so our government won't dissect them like lab rats."  Norma sighed. "You girls really have vivid imaginations.  There's nothing I can do about it.  They've been talking about going over there for the last month.  So maybe it's better if you girls are there to smooth things out."  Sophia got on the phone "Mom, they're gonna love it.  Can you imagine going back home as a teenager.  Wow."  "Sophia, your grandmother is very beautiful.  Make sure none of the boys try to hit on her."  "Oh mom, you worry too much.  After all, we don't act like wild Indians... we're civilized now."  "Mija, we never acted like wild Indians.  That's just a stupid stereotype.  Go look in a mirror and see how beautiful you are, and then multiply it by two and that's your Abuela."  "Ok mom.  We will make sure she stays out of trouble."  "Good.  Call me when you get there."

They pulled into the Warner Brothers parking lot just in time to run in and take a seat.  Bannister was really excited.  "I've never seen a big star in real life."  Tracy said "I can't believe it.  My three favorite movie stars are going to be here today.  Vanessa Hudgens, Chole Moretz, and Shailene Woodley."  Molly said "Shailene's eyes are so beautiful."  Nellie said "I loved Chole in Kick Ass."  Lupe said "That's because she reminds you of yourself."  Bannister said "I loved Vanessa Hudgens in Gimme Shelter.  That movie came out before the Big Change.  The movie was based on a real life story of a girl.  I got so angry because society shoved her down into a hole.  Nobody, I mean nobody should have that happen to them.  Thank God every person no matter what their age can get help now.  Thank God anybody can get a job and have money.  Thank God there are no more slums and ghettos!"  Sophia chimed in "Thank God?  How about thanking the People.  They did it, not God."   Molly said "I saw the movie too.  I couldn't believe our society allowed that kind of shit.  It was a true story, for god's sake."  Bannister said "That jerk of a father with his big house and perfect little family and that bitch of a pampered wife wouldn't help her.  That piece of rich Wall Street trash with the Mexican servant was sooo high and mighty perfect he couldn't soil his hands to help a girl who really needed it.  He said she had no means of support, nowhere to live, and no one to help her.  So he pushed her to get an abortion.  That bitch of a wife said for her to have a good life she would have to kill her unborn child!  I wanted to reach through the screen and choke the shit out her."  Lupe said "Bannister girl, I've never heard you talk like that.  You're so prim and proper.  So controlled and sophisticated."  "Not when it comes to young girls who reach out for help and get crapped on."  "It seems you actually understand what it was like for me to be homeless, to have nothing and nobody there to help me or my father.  That scene of her going through a dumpster to find food brought back a flood of bad memories.  Unless a person actually lived it, they can't understand."  She agreed with Lupe "I know.  And thank goodness the People fixed it."   Bannister asked "Hanna, you think maybe they would allow us to go backstage and meet Vanessa?"  "We'll see.  Ellen already knows about the connection between me and Mark.  So she's granted us an interview.  Maybe Vanessa could be there too."  "That would be a dream come true."

After the show the girls were escorted to Ellen's office.  She greeted everyone with a hug.  When the recording started, part of Ellen's conversation contained "I think it's great what you girls are doing.  I constantly made it a point on all my shows before the BC that we must lift everybody up.  Everybody is entitled to a good life, and it distressed me so, especially to see children in schools being denied simply because they didn't have enough money to get a decent education.  Mothers having to work multiple jobs to keep their family above water.  Small children who became very ill and didn't have adequate health insurance.  Huge deductibles that poor families simply couldn't afford.  It was all a sad joke.  One of the happiest moments in my life was when we passed that amendment.  I believe your documentary is extremely important because we need to be reminded why we did this so we won't slip back to the dark side again."  Ellen turned to the camera "I just want to say thank you to you the People of the United States.  I'm so proud to be an American.  We've accomplished so much in the last five years.  It's simply remarkable.  So thank you, thank you very much!"  

Vanessa Hudgens was also gracious enough to be recorded.  Hanna asked her why she decided to be in the movie Gimme Shelter.  Vanessa said "I thought this movie was about a subject matter that was easy for people to avoid, but the movie addressed it in a blunt manner.  The character was a survivor and I'm attracted to strong women."  Hanna asked "How did you prepare for the role of Apple?"  "I gained weight and didn't take care of myself.  I also stayed at that shelter for a couple weeks so I could get to know the girls and their circumstances.  What their lives were like.  What led them to that place.  These kids were so young and vulnerable.  They had nothing.  Shelters like these were truly a godsend."  Hanna said "The movie wasn't well received by critics because it wasn't politically correct at the time.  It promoted keeping the child instead of having an abortion."  Hanna asked "Did that bother you?"  She replied "The movie really wasn't about the evils of abortions, but some people seemed to latch onto that.  This movie is really about a young girl faced with impossible odds who with perseverance and tenacity and some help from caring people was able to pull herself out of a very difficult life.  It was the kind of life nobody should have to endure.  And now with the Big Change these situations have been eradicated."  Hanna said "We still have abuse and orphanages and drug problems."  Vanessa replied "But we have a system in place to rapidly identify those problems and resolve them.  Prospective parents must graduate from a parenting school and earn a permit.  The babies from birth are monitored on a regular basis.  Polygraph tests are given regularly to the families to prevent abuse.  When abuse is found, the system uses qualified professionals to implement solutions, which is usually the removal of the child and placement with truly caring parents.  The traditional foster home is no longer in existence.  The people who ran these homes made money for every child placed.  The children were drugged to make them passive.  If there was a diagnosis of mental problems the home received extra money.  So you can see the horrible abuse that occurred simply because of the way the system was structured.  See a foster home didn't want to have a child adopted out because they would lose their monthly income on that child.  Many tried to keep the person in the system even after they reached eighteen.  Money.  Money."

After the interview Hanna thanked Ellen and Vanessa.  The girls were more excited about meeting Vanessa, Chole, and Shailene.  Nellie got at least ten selfies with Chole.  She was a lot older than in the Kick Ass movies but that was ok.

Picked up Maggie and Paul
Connie looked at her cellphone "Hey guys, we need to pick up Magdalena and Pablo."  Nellie scrunched her face. "Why'd you call them that?"  "Because they're eighteen now.  It would be weird if we called them grandma and grandpa."  "Good point."  Connie asked Mike "Can you get us there by 6:30?"  Mike looked at the traffic on his tablet.  "Today's a good day without any accidents.  I think so."  

They arrived at 6:45.  Tracy and the three grandchildren ran inside baggage pick up.  Connie yelled "Maggie!  Long time no see.  You too, Paul."  They reached out and greeted the girls with lots of hugs.  As Sophia was hugging her grandma she said "You guys were in Mexico for a long time.  Haven't you gotten tired of it?"   Maggie laughed and said in Spanish (In fact almost all statements by Maggie and Paul are be in Spanish.  Everyone except Tracy's mom is fluent in Spanish.  Maggie and Paul understand English but they're more comfortable speaking Spanish.)  "Who gets tired of good Mexican beer, carnitas, and dancing?  We came back because we were missing you.  And we wanted to see what the reservation looks like 40 years later."  Tracy said "Here, let us help with the luggage."  Pablo laughed. "They shoot us up every day with your miracle drugs to keep us strong like superman."  "That's what I prescribed, but people would become suspicious if you carried a heavy suitcase like it was nothing.  Every time I call you I mention that."  "I'm sorry Tracy but it feels good to be strong.  It's hard to resist."  Maggie grabbed Pablo by the arm and lifted him a bit off the floor.  She said "Save that energy for my kisses, Mr. Strong man."  He smiled, touched her butt. "Of course my love."  Connie jumped between them. "Paul we don't do that in public, ok?"  "I'm sorry, baby.  It's ok in Mexico, but you people in the states are very prudish."  

Nellie held Maggie's hand while they were walking out.  "Abuela, I'm going to be the pilot when we fly to Prescott."  "Your mother told me about last Friday.  I'm so proud of my little granddaughter.  A real Yavapai Apache warrior."  "Abuela, somebody told me the other day that the Yavapai were peace loving people, while the Apache were raiders."  "They were right.  You're a mix of a cool, calm, and collected person who works well with others, but you will always stand up for what's right.  Always.  You see my blood is Yavapai and your grandfather is Apache."  Nellie said "Since I was little I thought the Yavapai were a type of Apache."  "They are.  The Apache were fierce survivors.  There were many bands of Apache, like the Kiowa, who lived further northeast.  They eventually migrated southwest, even down into Mexico.  On the other hand the legend is the Yavapai originated in Sedona, Arizona when a beautiful maiden came down from the heavens as a gift from the Great One.  The Yavapai were hunters and farmers, and warriors when they had to be."

"If the Apache needed something to survive they just took it.  So did the Europeans.  When the paleface settlers came in, the Apache's very lives were threatened because they wanted all our land."  "Yes, grandma, you and mom told me about it.  The way they talk about us in school is all wrong.  We were just defending our lands and trying to survive."  

Maggie was the first to step in the van.  Mike tried to take her hand to help her but Nellie slapped it away. "Mike, she could pick this van up."  He replied "Oops, I forgot.  She looks so petite."  Nellie zinged back "You mean so hot and scrumptious.  Cletus warned me about you Navy seals."  Mike laughed.

The last girl getting in the van was drop-dead beautiful Hanna.  Paul was behind saying "Here, let me help you", as he held her waist and assisted her into the van.  Mike just shook his head and tried to ignore Paul's extra happy facial expression.

After everybody was in the van Mike shut the door.  Standing outside he said to Cletus "Looks like we're going to have our hands full."  "I agree.  But remember they're the parents of the woman who saved the Pioneers' lives.  Norma rocks.  If she does, her parents do too."  Mike sighed as he took out a Rolaids.  Cletus said "Here, give me one too".   They stepped in the van and drove away.    

Hanna asked the group "Where to now?"  Nellie said "Labraya tar pits."  Sophia said "The movie star wax museum."  Connie, Lupe, Tracy, and Molly wanted Universal City.  Tracy's mom said "Rodeo Drive."  Maggie and Paul said they were just along for the ride.  Hanna said "I know we need to go to places that are fun but I need to do some interviewing.  Today I'd like to walk Sunset Blvd and interview people on the sidewalk.  Tomorrow I was thinking about going to the docks and talking to some people.  And I need to go by the Nissan factory.  Would it be ok to split up now and tomorrow morning?"  They agreed.  Mike pulled over and let Hanna get into the Suburban behind.

Second day in LA  
Monday morning, June 3, 2019.  Cletus went with Hanna to set up an impromptu meeting with the manager of the Nissan car line in Los Angeles.  His wife is an overseer of the department of defense.  He immigrated to the states right after the BC, being previously a manufacturing manager for Nissan in Japan. The interview went very well.  Then Cletus set up a meeting with a crane operator on the docks as well as a section manager at the port of entry.  The volume of merchandise coming into the states is greatly diminished because of the stepped up manufacturing here.

Everybody else went to the tar pits the day before.  Today they hit the wax museum then got thrown out because Lupe was putting her arms around some of the dummies and taking selfies.  Johnny Depp was her favorite.

Next stop was Rodeo Drive.  The kids went nuts spending "daddy's" money.  Decorator cellphone cases.  Lupe got the one with bunny ears.  Hazel was in shopper's heaven.  She bought several pairs of shoes, a purse, and three dresses.  Connie set up a deal with one of the merchants to supply her mom's boots.  The group spotted several movie stars and took selfies.

They came across a musician playing on the sidewalk.  Connie was confused because people don't have to play for money anymore.  No more homeless or poor.  Hanna told her that this person like many across the US do it to promote donations to their favorite charity.  Sophia said she was really confused because she thought there wasn't the need for charities anymore.  Hanna said there aren't in the old sense.  In the new sense a charity is an organized appeal for the People to devote more of our resources for their cause.  For him it was car accidents that kill more children every year than anything else.  Instead of money they obtain electronic signatures. 

After the shopping spree, at their grandparent's urging, they returned to Disneyland.  Maggie and Paul threw the luggage on their bed then ran out with their grandchildren to do some rides.  Hazel was pooped.  She stayed in her room to rest.  The others hit Main Street to do some shopping and see if there were any cute guys running the registers.

Paul and Maggie went on as many rides as possible.  They were even cutting in line.  Maggie ran up and hugged goofy.  Goofy loved it and wouldn't let go.  She had to knee him in his tenderloin.  Paul wanted to kiss sleeping beauty.  Norma's kids were embarrassed.  Someone accidently spilled soda all over Mike's t-shirt.  When he took it off women actually stopped and applauded.  Snow White ran over, got a hug and gave him her phone number.  

Some of the girls went on a ride that's a circular room where everybody stands against the wall facing the middle.  The room spins then the floor drops down.  The centripetal force pins the people against the wall.  Everybody was screaming.  One of the young boys opposite Lupe began throwing up.  It smeared all over his face.  Then a barfarama began where half the people tossed their cookies.  After the ride, a team ran in and hosed the place down.  They have to spray it down at least once a day.

Lupe saw this really cute sixteen year old guy who looked like Austin.  I mean drop dead gorgeous.  Hunky muscles, perfect symmetrical face, sky blue eyes, and a charismatic smile.  He was sitting at a table with his buds.  Lupe saw him as she was walking by.  She kept staring, tripped over a chair and fell down.  He ran over and asked if she was ok.  Being a brash completely self-confident beautiful girl, she immediately pulled him the rest of the way down and passionately kissed him.  She responded "Now I'm ok".  The other two guys at the table started cat calling. "Way to go, studly.  Kiss her again."  He was embarrassed and told them to shut up.  That made it worse.  They continued.  Lupe got upset, walked over and grabbed one of the guys by the arm just underneath his shoulder.  She raised him up squeezing nice and tight.  "Listen you've got a good looking friend.  You on the other hand are run of the mill.  So shut the hell up."  "He had a look of total shock considering Lupe is 5'10" and 130lbs.  He was six feet, overweight and scared considering she's lifting him a few inches off the ground with just one arm.  She made him and the other guy apologize.  Mr. Cutie wasn't used to such aggressive behavior and became very quiet.  To smooth things out Molly jumped in and offered the guys a free drink and a snack.  They accepted and talked with the girls for a little while.  Turns out Mr. Cutie is a little gay, but drop dead beautiful.  Then they found out all three guys were gay.  Ouch.  So they spent a little while talking about a few young male leads in recent movie releases.  Cutie Pie complimented Lupe on her wardrobe.  It was one of Connie's designs.  Lupe gave him Connie's business number.  He wanted her to design a complete wardrobe for him.  As they were leaving, Lupe told Cutie if he ever considered switching teams to call her.  Cutie appreciated the compliment but said "Once you like boys there ain't no other toys".  The girls agreed.  Walking away, Lupe thought about two boys kissing.  The vision was kind of gross.

All kinds of guys were hitting on Barbie Doll Bannister.  She had contacts on with her blonde hair back in a ponytail.  The shorts and a tank top that exposed her ripped midsection make her even more like Barbie.  She had mixed feelings about all the gawking. 

At 8:00pm Lupe, Molly, and Bannister said goodbye to the crew and blinked back to Las Cruces.  The rest stayed in the park until closing. There was a big fireworks show.  They loved it.

Yavapai/Apache reservation
Tuesday, June 4, 2019.  The gang got up late and flew out after breakfast.  They arrived in Prescott at 1:00pm.  From the airport they went straight to the Casino.  Because they were minors, the Bandida's access in the casino was limited.  They were quickly bored and went out to explore the city and found a cool hiking trail near downtown.

Bannister was eighteen and allowed on the casino floor.  She stayed within eyeshot of Maggie and Paul to make sure they were ok.  And as Norma predicted, one of Maggie's old friends saw her.  Frieda walked over and said hello and asked if her grandmother was Magdalena.  Maggie said "Frieda it's me, Maggie."  Frieda fainted. Maggie caught her. "Frieda, don't do that.  Look it's me, Maggie.  I came back to see the place.  How are you?"  Maggie gave her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.  Yavapai Indians aren't touchy feely people at all.  So Frieda pulled away.  Frieda touched Maggie's face and looked into her eyes.  "Maggie, is that you?"   "Of course, silly.  But I'm young now."  Maggie told her the alien story.  Frieda couldn't believe it.  She touched her again to make sure she wasn't a ghost.  Then Frieda wanted to know where these aliens were so they would make her young too.  Maggie said they left earth.  The two visited for a while and talked about the old days.  Then they hit the tables.  Maggie started calling her 'grandma' while they were playing blackjack and drinking Tecates.  It ticked Frieda off so much she punched her. "Don't screw with me Maggie; I can still kick your butt."  Maggie laughed then she felt sad because she had to keep the source of her youth a secret.  Maggie said "Frieda, I'll come back in a year and maybe I can help you."  "Right, I'll believe that when I see it."  They continued to visit and had fun playing the slots, blackjack, craps, a little drinking and dancing.  Paul stayed out of sight because Frieda had a crush on him.  He didn't want her chasing him again.

Hanna interviewed the manager, a dealer, and a cocktail waitress.  Frieda left.  Later in the evening Paul and Maggie met some more friends and went over the alien thing with them too.   It was decided the next morning they'd take a trip to Clarkdale to visit a graveyard where some of their family was buried.  After arriving, they saw it was very messy.  Many of the graves were unmarked.  Maggie turned to Tracy and asked her to please have someone fix it.  To level, fence, and clean the property and mark all the graves with headstones.  Tracy asked Cletus to please take care of it.  He said he would.  Then they went on to the town of Camp Verde where they met some additional old friends at the Verde Restaurant where they talked about the good old days.  Maggie and Paul departed their old friends feeling extremely depressed.

After some discussion on the road out of town, Maggie and Paul decided to head over to the high holy place in Sedona and to reflect on their own lives and the lives of their people.  When they arrived they got out and breathed in the fresh warm air.  Standing there at that site was a very solemn moment for them.  Paul thought how his beautiful Maggie just months ago was wasting away almost dead.  He was overcome with emotion.  Crying, he got down on his hands and knees and thanked the Great Spirit for the gift of a new life for his precious wife.  Maggie raised Paul up and held him.  She said "Let's stay here tonight.  I want to hold you under the stars like we did when we were eighteen.  The group thought staying was a wonderful idea.  Cletus brought in several RVs.  Over the campfire that night, Paul recounted many ancient stories of bravery, survival, and family.  His three grandchildren were filled with pride.

As the evening closed, Paul and Maggie wanted to be alone so they walked up to the rock outcropping where legend tells the Holy Spirit brought down a beautiful maiden from heaven as the first of the Yavapai.  They found a nice spot where Paul laid out their blanket and pillows.  In her native language Maggie said "This is such beautiful place.  I miss the majesty of this land.  I miss the sounds of the quail, the mourning dove, and those mighty little warblers.  The tall grass in the spring with all the colored flowers breathing their perfume into the breeze.  The deer that provided us our sustenance.  It was much better than going through dumpsters to find food in Newark.  We left this beautiful place to find a better life but we didn't.   It was much worse."   "Yes that's true, Maggie.  If we had only known."   Maggie looked up into the night "The Great Spirit chose us.   It forced us into a life of want and need."   Paul said "We did raise a wonderful daughter who helped change the course of history."   She added "And that course of events allowed us to be young again.   But why make us suffer?"  Paul thought for a while.  He suggested "Our beautiful granddaughter Nellie told me something a month ago.   She said the hardest lessons learned are the ones your soul needs the most.  You can't really appreciate life until you've almost lost it.  You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to almost fail.  You can't understand goodness until you've experienced real evil."   Maggie smiled. "That's pretty deep for a young girl.  But what we experienced was a baptism of fire.  I wouldn't wish my past life on my worst enemy."  Paul said "We taught Norma strength.  Growing up in deprivation she saw evil firsthand.  Yet we showed her how to be a good person in spite of the adversity."   Maggie said "Now the Great Spirit has rewarded us with a new life."  She tearfully looked up. "Thank you."   She wiped the tears off her cheek as Paul hugged her...  That night they made precious love underneath the stars and under the blessing of the Great Spirit.  After an hour of cuddling and talking about good times on the reservation, they slowly drifted off to sleep. 

Even though the RVs were available, the rest of the group decided to sleep down below out under the stars next to the crimson crackling embers of the breathing fire.  

At midnight the howls of several coyotes were heard in the distance.  Cletus was worried so he walked up to check on Maggie and Paul.   The path was steep and narrow.  A cool whispering breeze had kicked up.  As Cletus rounded a switchback on the path he finally came to the outcropping.  There he saw the glowing spirits of ten warriors encircling Maggie and Paul facing outward with their arms crossed.  One looked directly at Cletus and motioned him to leave.  He carefully turned around and walked back down the precipitous path and never said a word about what he saw to living soul.  He told the other agents they were just fine and not to disturb them.

Visit to S4 at Area 51 
 On Tuesday morning, June 4, 2019, Tracy called Lupe expressing her reservations about going to area 51 without all the Bandidas.  Lupe agreed.  And it would give her an opportunity to check out the base.  Last month the People placed Lupe in charge of all space related endeavors which included Area 51.  Tuesday afternoon she got with Molly and Bannister and asked them to take Wednesday off with her.  Molly recommended Lupe go to Kepler 186f that afternoon and speak with Tang.  Area 51 may be of such scientific significance that Tang should be there.  He could also protect them in case of trouble.  She agreed and blinked over to Tangs home.  He was very excited about possibly seeing evidence of beings from other planets, but he was concerned about Lupe's apprehension.  She said "This Area 51 has been a top secret CIA site for decades and, until recently, with no accountability to the public.  And with no accountability comes the potential for all kinds of bad things."  Based on Lupe's apprehensions, he recommended they bring his spacecraft.  It's a "sentinel" unit with extreme offensive and defensive capabilities.  It can also be flown remotely.   He suggested he keep the craft in a cloaked mode 100,000 feet above them just in case of trouble.  She wholeheartedly agreed.  Lupe visited with Tang's wife and daughter Tonkin.  She's very excited about going to earth in August.  After a brief visit, Tang hugged his family goodbye, and poof they were gone.

Tang spent a very comfortable night at Lupe's guest house.  Earth has less gravity so he felt like he was floating on air while he was sleeping.  The Calix require only a few hours of rest each night.  While Lupe was asleep Tang carefully went over his sentinel craft to see everything was working properly.  

It was early Wednesday morning, June 5, 2019.  Tang had already directed his craft to Nevada and positioned it high above Area 51 in a cloaked posture.  Molly picked Bannister up then drove out to Lupe's farm arriving at 7:00am.  While the girls were in the kitchen enjoying huevos rancheros and Spanish rice, Lupe called Teresa O'Neal, the spokeswoman for the department of defense overseers.  Lupe explained that today she was going to pay Area 51 a surprise visit.  The personnel at Area 51 didn't yet know who she was.  Cletus was going to show his ID and attempt to get her group on base.  She assumed the base commander would call Teresa with his concerns.  Teresa agreed to keep it on the down low and if he called she would order him to immediately allow them in and do whatever they say.  

After breakfast they blinked to Sedona where the group had camped.  The previous evening for Maggie and Paul was exquisite symbolism.   The spot where the Yavapai began.  After a wonderful night and a campfire breakfast they said a final prayer to the Great Spirit before leaving.  Maggie and Paul said their goodbyes.  Lupe Blinked them to a secluded area just outside of Los Angeles where eight agents were waiting in several hard cars to take them to Disneyland.  Lupe Blinked back to Sedona, then she Blinked the entire group over to three vehicles fifteen miles outside of Area 51.  For their safety Tracy gave every person in the party including the ten agents a strong dose of strength.  This was the first time for the agents.  Like little kids having fun, they leaped high in the air.  "Ok guys, let's stop playing and get back to work."

The agents occupied the 1st and 3rd vehicle.  The windows were tinted so no one could see in.  The guards at the main gate wouldn't allow them to pass because Cletus wouldn't allow the soldiers to see who was in the middle van.  Apparently the US Secret Service badges weren't enough to gain entry.  The guards called the base commander.  A Bradley tank with soldiers ready to fire was positioned behind and to the side of the guard booth.  While the base commander had the guard on the phone, he called Elon Musk and asked him what was going on.  Elon reminded him that while he was a Pioneer on the space travel project, he didn't have any official power.  The number one person to give such permission was Lupe Solis.  He gave him her number.  The commander called and Lupe's phone vibrated in the van.  She ordered him to allow the group in.  He was hesitant at first, but she reminded him that she had the power to put him in jail for the remainder of his life.  He profusely apologized and called security at all the checkpoints to allow the vehicles to pass.  Then he got on the phone with Teresa.  She ordered him to do exactly what Lupe requested because she was number one in his chain of command.

Cletus had heard talk of a place called S4 which was rumored to have spaceships.  So he requested a Humvee escort his vehicles to that location.  They waited 15 minutes, but no escort.  Lupe got back on the phone and ordered the base commander to comply or he would immediately be removed from his job.  A Humvee was there in five minutes.  Tang said he was getting mixed messages from the people nearby.  Fear mixed with anger and a bit of subterfuge.   Lupe said "Just what I was afraid of."  She called Cletus in the front vehicle and put Tang on the phone.  Tang told him everything he was seeing in his mind.  Lupe got back on the phone and told Cletus to play it cool and "In fact we'll act like lookeeloo sightseers."  In the meantime Teresa called Lupe worried about her safety.  She reminded Teresa of Tang's presence.  If need be, Tang could kill every bad player in their proximity.  They were also on Tracy's chemicals which made them bulletproof.   And she could blink out at any moment.  Teresa asked, if possible, that they stay within arm's reach of each other.  Lupe agreed.

After a 30 minute ride through some very rough terrain, the vehicles pulled up to the entrance of S4.  There was no parking lot, just dirt with a nondescript door built into the side of a vertical rock formation.  Four soldiers with M16s stepped out of the lead Humvee.  The girls and security stepped out of their vehicles.  Cletus walked up to the door and pushed a button below a speaker.  He indicated who he was and requested entry for a tour.  In a few minutes five soldiers opened the door and came out holding machine guns. They told them not to proceed any further because they were being detained for questioning by the base commander.

Lupe quickly turned and asked Molly and Tang to inconspicuously scan the soldiers.  After a few moments Molly said they were good guys.  Tang agreed.  Lupe stepped forward telling Cletus not to move.  

On January 1, 2019, the People of the United States decided to give five original Pioneers and the young Pioneers, except for Summer, the highest military command authority in the nation.  It was mandated that any order given by one of these people must be carried out.  The military was brought up to speed in January concerning this mandate.  They were taught how to immediately recognize a person as a Pioneer with this authority.  A special bio chip was inserted in each Pioneer's right hand.  If the person asked the soldier to take out his or her ID, then offers to shake hands, the soldier must immediately take out their ID and place it on the hand while shaking.  The ID will display a special symbol.  The symbol will indicate they are immediately under the command and control of that Pioneer and must do exactly as they say.

Lupe casually walked up to the soldiers. "Gentlemen, would you please take your IDs out while I shake hands with you."  A Major Stoddard who was the leader of the unit laughed and said "Is this some kind of joke".  "No sir.  Your training requires you to carry out my request."  He looked at Lupe with a shocked expression.  She stood still staring at the Major.  Lupe made sure Tracy and Molly were next to her as they were introduced to the nine soldiers.  My name is Lupe Solis, and this is Tracy Smith, and this is Molly Fabela.  We are three of the nine individuals who have immediate command authority over any and all US forces.  The IDs displayed the symbol for all three girls.  She then looked at the soldiers and ordered "Level one readiness and stay silent", meaning to have their weapons ready to fire and to keep the identities of their commanders a secret.  She ordered a soldier named Manny to immediately shoot out the video camera above the door.  He complied.

The Bandidas smiled at the men who were standing all stiff and somewhat in shock.  Lupe said "Just relax guys.  Take a few breaths and let 'em out.  Is everybody ok?...  Good.  My name again is Lupe Solis and I'm the Pioneer who invented Blinking as well as some other cool stuff.  And Tracy here is the Pioneer who among other things discovered how to make people super strong, how to regenerate appendages, and how to fuse spinal cords back together.   And Molly, we like to call her Magic Molly because she can read your minds.  We also call her Doctor Frankenfunny because she can make you laugh uncontrollably...  Molly, show the Major."  Molly stepped next to Major Stoddard and said "Stand still."  He pulled back a little while she put her hand against his neck.  He started laughing like a little kid "hehehehe hahahaha hehehehe   Stop it.  Hehehehehe."  He kept moving back.  Molly latched on to him keeping her hand to his neck.  Then she stopped. "Feel a lot better, don't you."  He looked at her in amazement "Yeah, I really do."  She smiled "Laughter is the best medicine... but if you're laughing for no reason then you need some medicine."  The other soldiers snickered.  "But, in your case I told your brain cells a bunch of very funny jokes.  Ergo the laughter."  

Lupe got their attention. "Gentlemen, almost three months ago a group of us went on an expedition to a planet named Kepler 186f.  It's 490 light years from here.  We discovered the planet has beings who call themselves the Calix.  And yes, they are more advanced, but they consider us as peers because of Blinking and other discoveries we've made in science.  But they told us we still have a long way to go in treating each other with dignity and respect.  Let me introduce you to one of them.  His name is Tang.  He is my science consultant.  It's their culture to shake hands for several moments so please be patient while he shakes hands with you."  The men were somewhat shocked with all that was happening.  It was very hard for them to process that these three sweet looking teenage girls were part of the nine people granted the highest level of military command authority in the United States of America.  And to actually touch a live alien was unbelievable.

After the intros Molly said "You nine are Army Ranger Special Forces.  The best of the best."  Then she laughed. "But I'll bet they didn't train you to rub shoulders with an alien or to take orders from three kids.  Right?"  The guys cautiously laughed.  Tracy walked among the soldiers "Come on guys, loosen up.  We might need your help inside."  One of the soldiers was named Lt. David.  Tracy slapped his shoulder hard.  He stumbled back and almost dropped his weapon "Yes, I'm super strong right now.  Lt. David, you ready to have some fun?  Come on guys, it's not like I'm talking to a bunch of pansies.  Just make sure we're all safe.  Including yourselves."  Lupe said "This man is Cletus Jackson.  He is the number one guy in the People's Secret Service.  Along with Mr. Jackson, these other security people are some of the best Navy Seals in the country."  Tracy said "So standing here is a breed of the best soldiers our country can produce.  Lupe giggled. "Well, are you handsome warriors ready to proceed?"  All 19 including Cletus said "Yes Ma'am."  

Lupe didn't appreciate the base commander's order to detain.  So before they entered S4, she got on the phone to the base commander and relieved him of his duty and ordered him to go straight to the stockade.  If he didn't he would be shot on sight.  Lupe called Teresa and asked that she follow up to make sure he was detained.  Teresa called the commander to make sure he understood Lupe's order.  The commander, Col. Tom Toone, was shocked at the ferociousness of Teresa.  He gave up his assignment to his second in command, Major Saul Goldman.  Tom profusely apologized to Teresa.  Teresa said it wasn't her he needed to apologize to.  It was his level one commander in the group at S4.  Tom almost pooped his pants.  Teresa told him to hurry on to the stockade and not communicate with anyone, either by voice or device.  Everything he did was being videoed.  Teresa said she was looking at him right now on her monitor in Washington DC.  Tom broke out in a cold sweat, smiled and waved to the camera.  Teresa said she understood this was highly unusual, but when given an order by his superior he must immediately comply.  It wasn't the good old CIA days anymore where no one was held accountable.

As the group entered S4, Lupe commented to a soldier about how much she liked his M4A1 with the M203 40mm grenade launcher.  "A bottom grenade launcher with a machine gun.  Can't get any better than that.  And it's so compact."

Lupe stopped the group for a second and requested "I'd like you two soldiers to be in front of me with agent Jackson here in the middle.  And the remainder of the base soldiers and secret service guys will disperse within the group.  All except for two who I want to hang way back but still within line of sight.  Thank you."  They quickly complied with her order.  Tang was walking next to Lupe covered with a hoodie and shades.  Molly was on the other side of Lupe.  Tracy was hanging back with Mike and another Navy Seal.  Everyone was a little apprehensive.  Everyone accept Nellie.

Nellie was getting bored while they were making their way down a long chiseled hallway.  She looked up at the soldier next to her.  His name tag read "Mackey".  He had lieutenant bars on his collar.  Nellie said "Lieutenant Mackey, do Army Rangers have to be pilots?"  He ignored her.  "Hey Lieutenant, I know your ears work.  Why don't you answer me?"  Sophia, walking behind said "You should answer before she pesters you to death."  Nellie tapped Lupe on the back and asked "Why won't this soldier talk to me?  Huh, Lupe?  Can you get him to talk to me?  I'm bored to death."  Lupe turned around. "Please talk to her before she drives me nuts.  Please."  Lt. Mackey laughed and looked down at Nellie. "No we're not normally trained to be pilots, but at this base all of us are."  "Wow, that's cool.  Do you know how to fly an Apache?"  "Yes."  "Me too.  But even though I'm actually part Apache, I like to fly fully armed Blackhawks better.  They hold more ordnance.  Kaboom!  How many hours do you have in an Apache?"  "A hundred and twelve."  "That's cool.  I've got over three hundred, with most of it under simulated combat conditions."  He smiled. "Aren't you a little young to be flying complicated military machinery?"  She looked up. "Aren't you a little old to have that ketchup stain on your shirt?  Maybe you need a baby's bib, Lt. Mackey."  He looked down. "Oops."  Then he glanced at her. "So why do you have more hours on an Apache than me?  How old are you...  Nine?"  "I'm ten, lieutenant.  And I'm old enough to kick your ass."  He chuckled. "Pretty strong words for such a little girl.  How come you're the smallest and you're acting like you're the toughest?"  Nellie scrunched her face "I see no correlation between size, age, and the ability to kick your butt."  He smiled. "Well I'm 23 and 220 pounds of solid 'kick butt' muscle.  And, I can run a mile in 5 minutes."  "So what?  I can still out fly you in an Apache."  "With that attitude, you probably could.  So where are your mom and dad?  Why did they let you come to such a restricted and dangerous place?"  Nellie reached over and read his security clearance card hanging from his lanyard.  "You guys have top security clearance on any US military base in the world.  So I guess I can tell you.  My dad is Larry Page.  And my mom is Norma Corona."  The Lieutenant called out to his commanding officer.  "Sir, you need to know something."  Lupe heard what Nellie said.  She stopped the group for a second and spoke to the soldiers "Gentlemen, this is Connie, Sophia, and Nellie Page/Corona.  They are Larry Page's and Norma Corona's children.  And this is Hanna Starling.  She is Mark Zukerberg's girlfriend.  And this is Hazel Smith.  She is Tracy's mother.  Now that you know who all of us are, let's continue."  Connie laughed. "We walk softly but carry a big stick."  Nellie looked up at Lt. Mackey "That's right.  We're all trained in martial arts and we know how to use small arms, RPGs, mortars, rocket launchers, SAM launchers, and other stuff."  The Lt. said "Us too, so maybe that makes us even."  "Maybe.  But I haven't tested you yet."  He laughed and thought "SOB, I better not let anything happen to these kids."   

After passing through a very long hallway and down some stairs, the group finally reached the office of the person in charge of S4.  Lupe asked everyone to wait in the hallway.  Sitting inside was a man named Erskine Caldwell.  He had short slicked down brown hair.  His somewhat rumpled suit and lack of attention to hygiene gave away his predilection to matters of the mind.  Lupe knocked on the doorpost and walked in.  He said "Yes?"  "Hi, they say you're the person in charge here."  "Why, yes I am.  But, we don't allow visitors at our facility.  How did you get in here?"  "I'm not exactly a visitor, but then again I guess I am.  We came to check this place out."  He said "This is a top secret military facility and nobody is allowed in.  Why did these guards allow you to come here?"  Lupe smiled. "Because I'm your new supervisor.  But not your immediate supervisor, I'm your ultimate supervisor, but that's not true, the People are your ultimate supervisor."  Lupe stopped talking and giggled. "My friend Bannister out in the hallway always tells me I need to work on mentally composing sentences first, making them brief and to the point before I start talking, but sometimes like right now I fail miserably."  Erskine said "Is this some kind of a joke?  Who are you people?"

Lupe stepped forward and held out her hand.  "My name is Lupe Solis.  I'm in charge of the United States space program."  Instead of shaking hands he said "You've got to be kidding.  You're just a girl dressed like you're on vacation."  He looked in the hallway where a guard was standing.  "Would you please escort these people to a holding room until I find out what's going on."  The guard said "Sorry sir, I can't do that.  She's my commanding......"  Lupe laughed. "Stuck trying to find the right word?  Happens to me a lot too.  Let's see, I'm not your commanding officer...  How about this... Just call me your kick ass fun loving cute for her age and kind of smart top US commanding person."  The guard smiled and said "Yeah...  That."  Erskine quickly reached into his desk drawer and pulled out a .45 semi-automatic pistol.  Faster than you could blink an eye, Lupe disarmed him.  "I'm sorry.  But we don't need you hurting anybody."  Erskine said "People don't move that fast.  Who the hell are you?"  "I already told you.  My name is Lupe Solis and I'm in charge of the space program.  I didn't ask for the job.  The People told me to do it.  I assume it's because they trust me and think I'm highly capable."  "But you're just a stupid kid."

"The name on your door says Erskine Caldwell.  So Erskine, it's getting very tiresome for strangers to discount me because I'm 15 and dress casually.  You cannot and must never judge a book by its cover.  Last year you saw me on TV after the memorial and benediction at the Peoples Monument and Museum.  I'm the girl who invented Blinking.  I can take you across the Milky Way and back in a brief moment of time.  There's been talk that you have some interesting spacecraft and some dead alien bodies.  That's why I'm here.  So are you cool with that?"

Erskine turned pale white. "Of course, ma'am."  "Finally, I got it across to you.  Listen, you can call me Lupe," as she was holding out her hand to shake his.  As he shook her hand he said "I'm touching the most important person in history.  And you're just a kid."  "Can't get over the age thing.  Huh, Erskine?  And I'm not really the most important person in history.  I prefer Gandhi or Dr. King."  She giggled. "And what all we know, I may have opened the door to humans corrupting the entire galaxy.  Anyway, may we start with the spaceships?"  "Of course.  Right this way." 

In the hallway during the introductions, Lupe said "And finally I'd like to introduce you to my friend and close associate.  This is Tang from the planet Kepler 186f located 490 light years from earth."  Tang is very short.  He dropped his hood and removed his shades then held out his hand.  Erskine stood in semi shock.  "Erskine, shake his hand.  He won't bite, unless you bite him first."  She laughed.  Tang said "It's a pleasure to meet you."  Erskine slowly held out his hand and Tang shook it.  He kept holding his hand and wouldn't let go until Erskine jerked it away.  Lupe laughed. "It's their culture to shake hands for a long time.  It's ok."  While they were shaking hands Tang focused deeply into his mind.  Molly was doing a reading on Erskine's body cells including his memory and thought processing cells.  It's nice being born with telepathic powers.  Actually everybody is born with these powers, we just don't know how to utilize them.  The device Molly invented amplifies and fine tunes our ability to communicate all the way down to the cellular level.

Between March and now, Tang and Molly worked jointly on a telepathic communications device.  This differs from Molly's original design in that communication only occurs between creatures taken as a whole and not with individual cells comprising the creature's body.  Like fingerprints, each individual has a distinctively different frequency.  The device can broadcast and receive on the multiple frequencies of the beings communicating.  It was made to look like a wristwatch.  Molly, Lupe, and Tang each have one of the prototypes on their wrist.

Tang telepathically said "Lupe, can you hear me?"  "Yes.  What do you see with this Erskine guy?"  "It's not good.  It appears he is a traitor."  The reason for this facility was to reverse engineer everything on the nine spacecraft.  It started in 1948.  Over the decades they dismantled two vehicles.   Now only seven are operational.  They also have dead specimens two floors down who come from a twin solar system 30 light years from here.  Since 1948 they have mostly been 'spinning their wheels'.  How do you like that expression for a colloquialism?"  Lupe chuckled and thought "Very good, Tang.  Molly added "We need to know what they successfully reverse engineered.  And how the aliens died.  And, what sneaky stuff Erskine has been doing."

Tang telepathically said "Erskine has been on the project since 2008.  He has a small team of 10 scientists.  Before he came on board they made some inroads concerning the crafts' propulsion systems.  They are the same on every vessel."  

He continued "A few months after arriving on earth the beings died of pneumonia which they could not create antibodies for.  Their bodies couldn't adapt fast enough to stop the onslaught.  And your antibiotics didn't work with these creatures."

"Now to the "sneaky stuff"...  He and several generals and one of the commanders on this base have a backdoor deal with some people who want to control the earth."  Lupe laughed and thought "Control the earth!!  I guess if dastardly people are going to think big, they might as well go all the way.  Control the earth...  That's really funny."  Tang thought "Large egos but small minds."  Lupe thought "Tang, you've really come along with the nuances of human character flaws."  "Thank you."  He continued "Erskine will provide them with information and in return he gets loads of riches and several small islands out in the Pacific.  He's planning to leave the US after he delivers the goods.  He hopes to collect enough information in about six months to a year."  Molly smiled. "You're full of colloquialisms.  Came on board, deliver the goods, backdoor deal."  Tang said "It's enjoyable because colloquialisms, true to definition, change by region and time periods.  You humans get really bored and are artists with sounds to make communicating more enjoyable."  "Thanks Tang.  We try."  Molly asked in thoughts "So, what do you think?  Should we arrest him now or let him give us his 'dog and pony show' first?"  Lupe thought "Let him show us around so we can get a better understanding of this facility."  "Sounds good.  Let's do it."  Tang thought "dog and pony show... that's an interesting idiom."  Lupe thought "Molly, I have no idea what that means, so would you please explain it to him."

Erskine was saying "Lupe...  Lupe, are you listening?"  "Of course.  I was just thinking about those cool saucers you're about to show us.  Can we check them out?"  "Yes.  Please follow me.  Let me show you the sports car model first."  "Sounds like a plan, Erskine."

Tang thought "There is something else.  The people who are buying from him, as an extra enticement, have said they can make him younger.  Two and a half earthmonths ago you shared that technology with us.  But you said it was knowledge held by only a few humans until you are sure it is safe.  You might want to check the employees at White Sands Research Center."   Lupe thought "Did you hear that, Molly?"  "Yes and I'll take care of it immediately."   She walked away from the group, got on her cellphone and ordered a complete rescreening of all employees at the Research center.  After a few minutes she returned to the group.  Lupe thought "Molly, we left out half of the procedures and altered some of the documentation.  Is it still that way?"  "Yes, only Jacob, myself, Tracy, you, and the Calix know the complete process.  I'm glad you did it that way."  Lupe smiled "You're welcome."  

Erskine led them through several corridors and down a flight of stairs, stopping at a large gray metal garage door.  He faced the group. "Are you ready to be blown away."  Lupe replied "Let's do it.  But you first."  He opened the door and there it was.  "We call it the 'sports car' because it's smaller."  They saw a saucer about 40 feet in diameter and approximately 25 feet high.  It had a dull aluminum look.  As they approached Tracy touched the exterior.  It felt metallic and wasn't mirror smooth.  It was like coursing your hand across a piece of sheet metal.  The saucer had a five foot high door hinged at the top.  It was curved to match the lip in the middle.  The craft wasn't sitting on any struts or wheels.  It was resting on a flat bottom that measured approximately fifteen feet across.  Molly and Tang read the minds of the five men with white coats in the hangar.  No threats detected.  There were two additional soldiers.  Molly suggested Lupe introduce the Bandidas to the two guards.  Lupe said "Hi guys.  Would you please pull out your IDs.  I'd like to personally meet you before we start looking at the spaceship.  The two Rangers immediately pulled their IDs and Lupe introduced herself, Tracy, and Molly.  The IDs displayed the special symbol.  "It's great meeting you... Alert Status one... silent."  The guards nodded.  Erskine didn't understand what Lupe said.  He responded "Yes, the guards are on constant vigilance for any problems and they don't talk much either."  Lupe laughed and responded "Good."

Lupe addressed the new people in the room "Again my name again is Lupe Solis, and I'm in charge of the United States space exploration program." The individuals she just met became very quiet.  "I'm the kid you saw last year who invented Blinking."  She giggled and continued.  "I came by to say hello, and I'm interested to see how these space ships function.  And, I also brought a friend with me named Tang.  He's from a planet 490 light years from here.  He's small and a little ugly.  No offense intended, Tang."  "None taken, Lupe.  We think you humans are somewhat ugly, too."   Lupe made an ugly face at him and continued "But don't let that fool you.  Tang is very smart.  We are collaborating to figure out the best planets in this galaxy to visit.  So treat him with complete respect."

They stepped into the saucer.  There was no room to stand.  Lupe said "Tang, it seems like they're about your height."   Tang replied "The interior is interesting.  It appears to be formed by an injection molding unit.  The interior is one solid piece.  Chairs are simply depressions.  Everything has rounded corners.  No nobs, no visible piece of equipment.  This is very interesting."  Lupe turned to Erskine "How do you fly this thing?  He replied "This craft has three levels.  The top level has some instrumentation, switches, and levers.  This middle has part of the engine and has passenger seating.  The bottom level has the remainder of the engine."  Lupe asked "How is it powered?"  "The heart of the engine is powered by a super heavy stable radioactive metal with an atomic number of 115. We call it ununpentium or atomic symbol Uup.  Unlike uranium or plutonium, ununpentium is a stable element.  It generates a gravity field which can be greatly amplified because the field happens to extend just beyond each atom's outermost electron shell.  The field can be given a highly directional gravity distortion. Under proton bombardment the atoms of Element 115 produce antimatter particles which participate in a process of extremely efficient energy production for powering any and all systems and subsystems within the craft. The weight of the nuclear fuel aboard each craft is two kilograms and the aliens told our predecessors it's enough to last for many decades.  We removed most of the Uup found in each craft and stored it three levels down.  There's 333 kilograms locked in a lead casing."  Lupe asked "Have you been able to create element 115?"  "Not yet, but we're working on it.  A company in Germany has had the best luck so far.  They're doing it by fusing two heavy elements.  The result is an unstable form of 115."

Lupe asked "So a gravitational field is created.  But how does it become so strong?"  "We haven't been able to answer that yet.  These seem to be amplifiers.  See... Right here and here.  Our reverse engineering has turned up nothing.  Everything is solid state and very mysterious."

Tang walked over and touched one of the units.  The Calix feed on electrons in rocks to sustain themselves.  They prefer heavy elements like metals.  This close relationship with electrons has through the years enabled them to see discrete differences in all metals and other elements.  As Tang was touching the amplifier he was able to see the complete diagram of the unit.  He was even able to communicate with the onboard computer.  His conversation was near the speed of light.  Over several seconds he was able to gain an in depth understanding the craft.  That's because all equipment in the craft are connected together to a central brain.  Part of the brain has a complete profile of everything about their technology.  They decided to include this information in case the occupants weren't able to return home.  They would at least be able to use the database as an aid to start a new life.  And the craft is operated using brain waves with the physical controls on the top level as back up.  Tang said "The electronic mind on board is so advanced it is almost sentient."  Erskine was extremely interested in that last statement.  He asked Tang "Can you speak to it?  Did it tell you how the amplifier works?"  Tang was a little miffed at Erskine's two dimensional self-serving greed.  To feed that greed Tang said "No but given enough time, I'm sure we could mass produce this craft."  He continued "And the computer told me about some very powerful offensive weapons that could take out something as small as a roach all the way to the population of an entire city.  And without leaving any nuclear fallout or destroying any buildings."  Tang saw Erskine's mind going crazy with anticipation and greed.  Lupe thought to Tang "You're lying, aren't you."  "Of course.  But, look at his expression.  It's priceless."  "You bad bad Calix.  I loved the way you stomped your foot down when you said population of a large city."  "Lupe, you may not realize it, but there is a broad spectrum of acceptable morals in humans."  "Oh believe me, I completely understand."  Tang thought "This Erskine guy will lie and deceive believing it is totally acceptable even if it kills millions of people.  I hope his attitude represents only a small fraction of your human species."  Lupe thought "Me too."  Tang thought "The database has the complete instructions and diagrams and construction methods of how to make one of these spaceships."

Tang said he would bring down his craft in a cloaked mode and transfer the entire database from this saucer to his spacecraft.  And before he returns to his planet, he will send a copy to Lupe's laboratory at White Sands.  Lupe and Molly were very excited about investigating another race of beings.  Tang immediately brought his ship down and started the data transfer.  He estimated it would take fifteen earth minutes.

Lupe asked Erskine "So tell me more about the engine."  "We believe the amplifiers create a large-scale gravity distortion field within three independently steerable waveguides or tubes in the bottom level of the craft.  It results in a foreshortening or compression of space-time that would, in effect, greatly shorten the distance and travel time either to a local, interplanetary, interstellar, and possible intergalactic destination.  Tang, is that what you read from the machine?"  "Yes it is."

Lupe said "I considered this type of travel, but I was worried it would create cracks in dark matter.  If you wrinkle space you have to expect problems.  Folding space to quickly reach a location is not a good choice.  It negatively impacts the harmony of the universe.  Like using a sledgehammer to stop a fly when all you have to do is follow its movement then spark it with high voltage and low amperage.  Or like fighting someone using their own motions to defeat them.  Similar to martial arts, my method goes with the natural flow instead of distorting it."

Erskine began thinking how great it would be to kidnap Lupe. "She's more valuable than any amount of islands.  I could take an entire planet in the universe as my own.  Now how do I get her and myself alone in one of these saucers so I can bug out of here?"   Tang thought "Lupe, Erskine wants to get you alone in one of these spaceships so he can kidnap you."  Lupe thought "What a dork!"  Did he forget how fast I took his gun away?  What kind of people did the CIA hire?  Makes me worry about the CIA now."  She momentarily stepped to the opening of the craft.  I need one of your best soldiers to come up and sit inside this craft while I look around.  Thank you."

Meanwhile Saul Goldstein, the new commander, called one of the soldiers who escorted the group to S4.  The soldier's name is Todd Peters. While the group was looking at the flying saucer, Todd ducked into a restroom and told Saul who these people were.  Saul was the ringleader all along.  Not Tom Toone.  Saul saw this as his opportunity.  After he hung up, he ordered a few choppers to get ready to evacuate some prisoners.  Then he quickly put together a team of 50 soldiers to go to S4 and apprehend some "imposters" who were posing as military commanders.  Then the choppers would move them to a black site for questioning.  But Saul's actual plan was to take them to a place out in the desert where the bad guys have an underground hideaway.  Then he was going to secret them out of the country to an island in the pacific using a submarine that can't be detected by radar.

They continued looking at several more saucers.  Erskine proudly showed them everything that's been reverse engineered, which wasn't much.  Lupe said "This has been very interesting.  Can we see the creatures now?"  He took them down to a lower level to see the aliens.  They were gray in color and kept in liquid filled tubes.  Tracy said "I didn't know about these guys.  I'd like a sample of their cells sent to my lab at White Sands."  Erskine replied "You work at White Sands Research Center?"  Tracy replied "I have a section with some of the best microbiologists in the world working for me.  They'd love to examine this tissue.  I'd like to know if their cell structure is similar to ours.  For example, do they have double helix DNA, micro RNA, and mitochondria?"  Erskine responded "I'm not totally sure."  He went to a cabinet and pulled out some samples and handed them to Tracy and Tang.   Erskine then said "These beings could also communicate in several languages, English being one of them.  In 1948 one of the beings told researchers they began arriving here 10,000 years ago.  He said they come from the first planet in the Zeta Reticuli star system and they wanted us to call them Zetas.  Alive as well as dead, their skin is this grey color."  Tracy said "That probably means there is less myoglobin in their tissue, or they evolved a different type of oxygen delivery system that doesn't utilize iron atoms.  And if they have been coming here for thousands of years, then why were they killed by bacteria on their last visit?"

They went back upstairs to see the spacecraft again.  After a period of looking, Lupe said "I think we've seen enough."  Nellie asked "Can I fly one of the saucers?"  "Maybe another time, Nellie.  But right now we need to take care of something."  Lupe addressed two soldiers walking in front of her.  "Gentlemen, please immediately arrest Mr. Caldwell.  Zip lock his hands behind him and cover his mouth with tape so he can't say anything.  Strip his clothes off and put him in a detainment room.  Then put some prison clothes on him.  Thank you."  They immediately complied with her order.  Lupe held her arm up making a signal that she was about to give another order to the guards.  "Gentlemen, please gather all workers in this hanger to one corner.  Do not allow them to use any type of communication device.  At that moment the door to a spaceship began to close and the craft started to rise.  Lupe said "Tang, please stop the people on board that craft."  Tang raised his arm and a bolt of light shot from his hand into the closing hatch.  The craft dropped back to the hangar floor.  Tang said "Now you have two sleeping humans inside."

Tang continued "Lupe, I'm beginning to feel uncomfortable here.  There are many minds coming to this facility with the intent to cause us harm.  They will be here in approximately fifteen minutes.  And the guard right here named Todd Peters believes we are imposters."  Lupe said "Soldiers, please arrest Lt. Peters and place him in a holding cell."  She turned to Tang. "We don't have much time to secure this place.  May we use your craft to assist us?"  "Of course.  Please Blink us outside to these coordinates next to my ship."   Lupe spoke loudly to the group "Looks like we have a small problem.  Cletus... Tang and I are going to Blink outside to his ship.  Would you all please remain here.  Your strength and the guards should be enough to protect you.  We will return shortly."

Lupe Blinked them out.  In a flash they were over the convoy heading to S4.  Tang said "I'll discharge an EMP to burn their electrical systems."  His ship made a loud popping sound.  Lupe saw the vehicles stop with soldiers pouring out like ants.  Lupe asked "Do you have an outside speaker?"  Tang smiled and brought the craft down to ground level, pushed a button and said "Speak into this."  Lupe said "Good morning, gentlemen."  They began firing machine guns and grenades at the craft.  "Sorry, boys, but there is nothing you can do to hurt us.  Please drop your weapons, form a line and lay down facing the ground shoulder to shoulder with your hands behind your heads."  The soldiers kept firing.  "Ok, boys, we can do this the easy way or the hard way.  It's up to you."  If you don't lay down your weapons I'm going to do something very nasty.  Come on... I'm waiting..."  They kept firing.  Lupe turned to Tang "Can you create an unbearable high pitched sound and hit them with blinding light?"  Tang smiled. "I'm pleased you don't want to kill them.  As you know we don't like to kill creatures.  Any kind of creatures."  He turned a few knobs and a very high pitched sound covered the area.  The soldiers were screaming holding their ears.  He turned another knob and an extremely bright strobe commenced flashing.  In less than 60 seconds all the men were unconscious.  Lupe smiled. "Looks good.  Thank you.  If it's ok with you I will Blink back inside S4 and you can keep them unconscious until we get some choppers over here.  It may take a while."  Tang said "Sure, I'll be happy to.  And it looks like two Blackhawks are waiting on a tarmac to fly you girls out of here after they kidnap you."  She laughed. "Tang, it seems the CIA has too many bad boys.   Would you please neutralize all aircraft on this base?"  "Sure.  It should take about 10 seconds."  "Great".  

Cletus was on his phone to Teresa requesting she lock down the entire base and send in about 50 Blackhawks with soldiers to clean up the mess.  Teresa said the choppers would be there in forty-five minutes.  Lupe contacted Tang and asked him electronically disable all vehicles on base and to keep his craft cloaked while waiting for the Blackhawks to arrive, then return to her guest house in Las Cruces.  "Cletus will let the guards know you're coming.  I don't want any more people seeing you.  I don't know if the world is ready for the Calix just yet."  "Thank you, Lupe.  I'll be waiting at your place for you to Blink me home.  With the Zeta tissue samples I have, it will be very interesting to discover our similarities and differences.  But I think it's important to introduce the Calix to earth.  Better sooner than later.  We will be going on many joint missions together.  It was your old society that hid things.  And see how that worked out.  I'll call you when I arrive at your home."  Lupe said "You make a good point, Tang.  And thank you.  Your contribution was invaluable."  

The group exited S4 and got back in their vehicles.  The soldiers escorted them off he base via a different route.   While bouncing up and down on rough terrain, Sophia said "This morning wasn't much fun."  Connie said "I think it was.  It was the first time we got to see and talk to Tang.  That's waaaay cool."  Nellie added "And I was able talk to Army Ranger Special Forces soldiers."  Hanna said "You guys wouldn't allow me to interview anybody."  Tracy responded "We decided at least for now it would be best to keep it dark.  We don't want the enemy to even know this technology or the Calix exist."  As they were approaching the gate Bannister admitted "After everything Lupe just told us, I can see how really messed up some people can be.  Driven by greed and avarice.  It's scary.  I'm glad Molly and Tang can read minds." 

The three vehicles drove a half mile off base and stopped in a secluded area with hundreds of high mesquite mounds.  An agent with a large tractor truck and a car hauler trailer was waiting.  Everybody exited of the hard cars.  Lupe said "Ok you guys, hold hands and we'll Blink over to the Prescott airport.  An agent just sent me the coordinates."

Poof.  In a few moments they were dropping on the tarmac in Prescott.  Cletus was still having a hard time with those two feet.  He rose and told Lupe "You took control today and did an excellent job.  All I needed to do was watch.  I'm very proud of you.  If I had a daughter I would've wanted her to have your courage and calm level headedness."  "Thank you, Uncle Cletus.  That means more than you know.  And I appreciate you dedicating your life to protecting us.  No matter what, you're always there, Tio.  You don't need to do this.  I know you could take a desk job right now if you wanted."  As she hugged him, "I love you Uncle Cletus.  You're one of my rocks in the raging sea of life."  With that Lupe, Molly, and Bannister hugged everybody goodbye then Blinked to Lupe's home outside of Las Cruces.

To Seattle and Alaska 
Prescott airport, early afternoon, June 5, 2019.  Hanna gathered the girls next to the 8x.  "Ok guys, where to now?"  Connie said "I'm kind of tired of the desert."  Tracy said "How about a place where Hanna can interview some different kinds of people?"  Nellie suggested "How about Eskimos?  Most people don't think about Alaska at all, except maybe for a few hunters and fishermen."  Tracy added "I read Alaska is bigger than Texas, California, and Montana put together.  That's pretty big."  Sophia said "But it's colder than a witch's you know what up there."  Hanna said "It's June 5th so it can't be thaaat cold.  Why don't we fly to Seattle and spend the night at a nice hotel, then fly up to Anchorage in the morning?"  Hanna took a vote and they unanimously agreed.  

Before boarding, Cletus said "There aren't very many roads in Alaska.  If you want to see the state then I'd recommend we ferry Larry's Cessna Caravan out to Anchorage.  Nobody is scheduled to use it."  They agreed.  Connie also requested he bring a Chinook and a couple Blackhawks to the Anchorage airport.  "Just in case."

Everyone was buckled in and anxiously ready to go.  Nellie, sitting in the pilot's seat came on the radio, "Tower this is foxtrot 5784 ready to taxi."  "Roger, foxtrot 5784.  You're cleared to take taxiway one-niner."  "Roger that, foxtrot 5784."  She taxied to the end of the runway.  For fun, Mike came on the plane's intercom. "Welcome to 'Friendly Skies Airlines'.  Today will be a direct flight to Seattle.  The weather looks good all the way.  We will be cruising at 44,000 feet at a speed of 550 miles per hour, and arrive at approximately 2:00pm Pacific time.  Our group hasn't had lunch yet so we'll be dining on board.  After liftoff Alvin I will be taking your meal orders.  You have a choice of shrimp scampi with sides of asparagus and rice, or a dish of bacon wrapped filet mignon with sides of broccoli and cheese and a baked potato with all the fixings.  For dessert we have German chocolate cake, flan, or tapioca pudding.  To drink we have Tracy's fantastic ice tea, orange juice, apple juice, or an assortment of natural flavored soft drinks.  Hope you'll enjoy your flight and thank you for flying 'Friendly Skies Airlines'."  Nellie came on the intercom. "I just received clearance for takeoff.  Please make sure all loose articles are stowed and your seatbelts are securely fastened."  

Some moments after liftoff Nellie radioed the tower " Prescott radar this is foxtrot 5784 out of runway 2 heading 280 degrees passing through 1500ft request regional QNH traffic service and to rapidly climb to 44,000ft."  The tower came back "Foxtrot 5784 under traffic service regional QNH 2074 cleared for rapid ascent to 44,000 feet but not above 45,000, SQUAWK 5170."  Nellie came back "Thanks Prescott tower, foxtrot 5784."

After clearance Nellie turned on the intercom. "May I have your attention.  I requested and was granted a rapid ascent.  So hold on to your seats; this baby is about to blast off."  With that Nellie gave all three engines full throttle.  Nellie continued the steep climb until she reached cruising altitude.  Mike came on "We've achieved orbit so you may release your seat belts and roam freely about the cabin.  We will now be taking your food orders."  

After a few minutes a F16 fighter pulled alongside each wingtip.  Mike radioed "Gentlemen, good to see you.  Hopefully this will be a peaceful flight."  The pilot off the left wing replied "I'm sure it will, sir."   

Mike reported to Nellie "Radar looks good.  Everything is tagged with a transponder code."  

Hanna got off the phone. "Ok guys.  Listen.  I was able to secure this cool place called Beechers Loft at the 'Inn at the Market' in Seattle.  It's only 20 minutes from the airport.  I've stayed there before.  It has an incredible view of Puget Sound.  It's next to Pike Place Market.  It's a great spot where people congregate.  The original Starbucks is just down the street.  The market has throwing fishmongers which is fun to watch.  Right next to the hotel is where they make cheese."  Connie smiled "They cut cheese next to the hotel?"   Hanna frowned. "No silly, there's a little factory where they MAKE cheese.  The market is cool because it puts you directly into the culture of Seattle.  

Beechers Loft is a giant room with a few partitions.  I'll have them move in some extra beds.  As soon as we get there we'll go out and play tourist for a few hours.  I can interview a person or two.  And at 9:00 we can come back, jump into some feet jammies and relax.  They even have in-room massages.  We need to pamper ourselves because tomorrow we're going to Wild Alaska!"

The flight to Seattle was problem free.  The F16s broke off just before landing.  After the girls disembarked the plane, Cletus quickly directed them into a hardened van with agents in vehicles front and behind.  On the road from the airport, Hanna talked more about Pike Place Market. "Before the Big Change, the Market provided housing for the homeless. They had a free medical clinic, a center for senior citizens, a food bank, a childcare, and a preschool center.  Pretty cool, huh."  Hanna continued "The poor were given coupons so they could buy fresh produce.  And any unsold produce was given to food banks and meal programs."  Connie said "So this was one of the places that cared about people.  It's nice to know they actually existed.  I read at school this year that many large cities made it a crime to feed the homeless.  They mentioned San Antonio, Texas.  A city named after a saint and they made it crime to feed the destitute.  How sick and twisted can you get?"

After leaving their luggage in their room the girls went out to explore.  Rounding a corner they saw a long line leading into the original Starbucks.  Tracy said "If it was my famous lemonade I'd wait in line.  But for coffee... I don't think so.  Connie, Sophia, and Nellie agreed.  Hanna and Hazel decided to wait and experience the ambiance while sipping a caramel macchiato.  The others decided to check out the fish throwing at Pike Place Market.  Seeing fish fly through the air was a hoot especially if someone got smacked.  After that they went to Le Panier bakery and took in the aroma and a few bites of fresh baked bread.  Then they proceeded to the Confectional.  The sweet snacks were yummy.  With happy bellies, they forged on into the mall.

Nellie stopped the group outside a comic book store.  The sign above the door read 'A store that's refused to grow up since 1971'.   "Sounds interesting.  Let's go inside."  At that moment a four year old girl came running out of the store into the path of an eleven year old boy travelling too fast on his skateboard.  Just before he hit the girl Nellie kicked the board out from underneath him then caught him in her arms.  "How did you do that?"  "You would have hit that little kid if I hadn't stopped you.  It's boys like you who give us skaters a bad rep."  "Mind your own business, bitch."  "Right now you are my business.  Just for that comment I'm taking your board away.  I want you to think long and hard about hurting other people because of your recklessness."  "Give me my board, you little sh-t."  "Tracy, would you please hold him while I look at his cellphone.  His dad needs to talk to him.  As Nellie was trying to find the number, he said "Good luck with that, bitch.  My dad died last year.  Let me go!"  "Well, how about your mom?  Here we go.  Is it the one that says 'prison warden'?"  Nellie looked at him "Humm... must be, because you're being awfully quiet."  She called... "Hello, my name is Nellie.  Do you have a boy about 11 years old?"  "Yes, who is this?"  "He almost wiped out a little girl on his skateboard.  I told him to slow down but he's being very belligerent.  In a very mean way he told me to mind my own business."  "I'm sorry, but who are you?  And what makes you think you can stop my son and call me?"  "My name is Nellie.  Your son almost hurt somebody because he was going too fast on his skateboard.  I took his board away when he started smart talking me."  "Would you please put him on the phone."

"Hello mom, there's four girls here holding me.  I didn't do anything.  They're just causing trouble."  "How old is the girl who called me?"  "About my age."  "It's ok son.  Would you please give the phone back to the girl."  "Hello."  "Billy told me he didn't do anything.  And, I'll believe him any day over a strange little girl.  So tell me who exactly are you."  "I'm about to be your son's worst nightmare.  You know boys his age can go to jail and get tased.  But I don't think he needs that just yet.  He told me his dad died last year.  Maybe he's just upset and is acting out to show his grief and anger.  Maybe he needs some counseling."  "I don't need an eleven year old telling me how to be a mother."  "Well it looks like somebody should, because you seem to have a boy who is out of control.  In fact I'm going to have some law enforcement people detain your son."  She waved for Mike to come over.  He saw everything.  "Mike please have this boy and his mother undergo counseling until he gets better."  Mike looked at Tracy and asked "Is that an order?"  Tracy smiled "Yes it is.  And thank you."  Mike got on the phone and explained he was a policeman.  One of his men will hold her son in front of the comic book store until she arrived.  Then they both will immediately be interviewed to see what can be done to help him.  Nellie asked Mike "May I have the phone."  After he handed it to her she turned away and quietly said "Hello this is Nellie again.  Please don't be upset.  That man you just talked to is my Uncle Mike and he saw everything.  Listen, I like your son.  He's strong and pretty.  But his attitude really needs adjusting.  I'm sorry for your loss last year.  Good luck and God Bless."  Then she handed the phone back to Billy.  "Take care Billy.  I'm getting you some help."  "Go to hell, you little bitch!"  "Billy if you weren't so pretty, I'd punch you in the face.  But I don't want to hurt your cute little nose."  The four girls went on their way to check out the book store while an agent detained Billy.

While walking through the adventure section Tracy told Nellie "A true warrior uses her weapon of wisdom and understanding first.  You just impressed the heck out of me, Nellie.  It took a year for Lupe to have me where you are.  And you're only ten."  Nellie said "Don't stop.  Keep showering me with those wonderful and accurate compliments."  Tracy smacked her on the deltoid making her skip a few feet.  "Tracy, don't you know you can't hurt steel."  Tracy whispered "That's only because I shot you up this morning."  "I was talking about my attitude.  And don't push me or I'll have to introduce you to Miss Thunder (as she held her left foot up) and Miss Lightening (as she held her right foot up).  She kicked her feet at Tracy. "Uuuua! Waka!"  Tracy caught her right foot and held it elevating Nellie off the ground.  "Nellie, did you just see that old movie 'The Rundown'?  "Yes.  Last week.  Wasn't it great.  And stop holding me upside down like this."  Nellie bent around and pulled Tracy's nose.  "Stop that, you little munchkin."  Connie stepped in. "Ok children, are you two getting cranky because it's past your nappy time?"  Tracy sat Nellie down. "A nap.  That sounds really good."  

Nellie asked "So what else do you guys want to do?"  Connie said "Hazel is out shopping... yuk.  And Hanna is doing some interviews... boorring.  It's six thirty.  I see on this sheet there's a magic shop.  Let's go check it out." 

Nellie opened an old oak framed heavy glass door.  A silver bell jingled.  The small store smelled musty and mysterious.  A jolly man in his sixties named Bill with tree bark complexion came to the counter.  He walked with a limp and had one eye that looked at you while the other looked away.  "Good evening ladies.  Come in closer and let the great ReCARDo reveal to you some tricks from the ancient Egyptians." They were held spellbound as the owner showed them many card tricks and sleight of hand.  Nellie kept asking how he did it.  "If I showed you, it wouldn't be magic anymore."  Then he would do the tricks over again only very slowly so they could see how he did it.  Still no luck.  Now Nellie wants to be a magician.

After the magic shop they decided to walk through bubble gum alley... disgusting.  Millions of people's ABC (already been chewed) gum squished up against a wall.  Sophia almost threw up.  Then they went to see Rachel the brass Pig and took a few selfies.  Some street performers were very entertaining. The girls even stopped to clap along with three gospel singers outside the original Starbucks.  Then they went on a quick walk with a tour guide making a promo video.  By eight o'clock they ran out of things to see and headed back to the hotel room, had pizza delivered, and then turned in for an early wakeup.

Denali
Thursday, June 6, 2019.  After landing at Anchorage Hanna addressed the group. "I've found a great place.  It's the Denali Backcountry Lodge.  It says here it's made up of a spacious two-story Main Lodge and forty-two individual cabins that are comfortably heated and appointed with individual private baths and blackout curtains for a peaceful night's sleep.  We can enjoy the dining and lounge areas in the Main Lodge.  It's the perfect place for those looking to relax by the fire, play games, or take in the views."

"The brochure goes on to say there's the Nest Spa & Wellness center where guests are invited to unwind in the stunning woodlands and find tranquility.  Our onsite therapists are available to help you relax through the art of massage and to celebrate the human spirit.  Their expertise in holistic programs allows you to channel your inner peace and leave you feeling revived and rejuvenated."  Tracy snickered "Sounds like a bunch of touchy feely hooey hokum to me, like some drama queen wrote it."  Hazel said "Well honey, I for one could definitely use some pampering."

Connie had a brainstorm. "Let's do something exciting.  Dad's Caravan is parked right here.  What do you say we parachute in?"  They thought it was a fantastic idea.  Connie knew Cletus had a stash of chutes in the Chinook, just in case.  Hazel had never parachuted in her life so she gracefully declined, choosing instead to fly in the Chinook.  The distance to the lodge was 200 miles.

With the agents assistance the girls had their chutes strapped on.  Sitting in the plane, Sophia said "I just don't wanna splat when I hit the ground."  Nellie laughed "What's the last thing to go through a jumper's mind as she splats head first into the ground?"  Connie smiled "Her butt."  Sophia said "That's not funny."  

After a little over an hour of high anticipation they approached the drop zone.  The pilot circled two times then brought the air speed down and signaled a go to Cletus.  Mike opened the sliding door "Let's hit the skies, ladies."  One by one, they quickly departed the safety of the plane.  Connie shouted "Weeeha!  Out of the plane into the air, look out ground, I don't care!"  The wind was rushing by their bodies at a hundred and twenty miles an hour.  They formed a circle holding hands.  Mike was above recording it on his head cam.  Then they released and spread out.   Nellie pretended to fly like superman.   Sophia was pretending she was doing her nails.  The others had their arms and legs spread out enjoying the fall.  But as all fun things must come to an end they pulled their chutes at 2,000 feet.  As bad luck would have it, at 500 feet the edge of Tracy's chute got clipped by a quick burst of turbulence that came out of nowhere.  Her chute turned into a flapping ribbon.  Tracy looked up. "Oh crap."  She pulled her reserve chute but it opened too close to the ground. 

Mike ran over. "You ok?"  Tracy smiled "Of course, don't you know you can't hurt steel.  But it was kind of painful when I bounced."  Cletus gathered the chutes into a pile for the guys in the Chinook to pick up later.

They landed in a clearing near the cabins.  Lupe, Molly, and Bannister casually walked up. "What took you so long..."  Hanna said "What a nice surprise.  Were you able to get a cabin?"  "Sure.  The season just started and most are vacant."  Connie said "I'll bet Tracy called you about coming here."  Tracy admitted "Guilty as charged.  I wanted to go to the summit the easy way, so I rang the magician.  I mean after all we do deserve sooome pampering.   Nellie said "You got a point.  It's easier to Blink instead of taking that heavy Chinook.  Even with the new high performance engines I still don't trust it at 20,000 feet.  All the updrafts and downdrafts could be a problem."  Lupe asked "Have you guys eaten yet?  I have the chefs readying some food for us to enjoy on top.  I Blinked a tiny rover with a weather station up there.  It's saying the wind is coming from the north blowing at 2 miles per hour.  The sun is at 35 degrees from the horizon.  The temperature is 28 degrees Fahrenheit.  And the surface is broad and hard enough for us to set up some chairs and tables."  Hanna said "Wow, a five-star meal on top of Mt. Denali.  Does this fit into your 'Oodles of Fun' mandate?"  "You bet, Hanna Banana."

Tracy called her mom on a satellite phone and invited her.  Hazel gracefully bowed out.  It was going be an hour to get there and she wanted to take advantage of the spa.  The girls standing in a field were warmly dressed.  Cletus and Mike who jumped with the girls volunteered to go with them.  "Ok.  Let's all hold hands.  Cross my finger and poke your eye, bye."  Then poof, they were on the summit.

The head chef was waiting for Lupe to call with the coordinates.  "Maurice, are you ready?"  "Yes, ma'am.  Security shrink wrapped the boxes.  They also included some folding tables, chairs, beach umbrellas, a portable hot chocolate machine, several portable propane heaters, and ten small tanks of oxygen with masks."  "Great.  The coordinates are 63 degrees, 04 minutes, and 10.278546 seconds North by 151 degrees, 00 minutes, and 27.943121 seconds West.  Thank you, Maurice."  In a blink the goodies dropped down on the snow.  In ten minutes everything was laid out and they were enjoying a great meal sitting on top of North America.

"Cletus, I knew you and Mike loved prime rib so I had Maurice prepare some extra-large juicy cuts."  "Thanks Lupe.  Napoleon once said 'A healthy, happy army marches on its stomach'."  Mike remarked "This food is really good and it's nice and quiet up here."  Cletus laughed. "Yeah, it's a Rolaids free zone.  No crazy problems for us to have to deal with."  Bannister, sitting next to Cletus said "I don't know about that.  Look over to your left in the distance."  Mike took out his Rolaids and gave the whole roll to Cletus.

After thirteen long arduous days of climbing, a group of three Englishmen were finally making it to the summit.  Breathing hard, Tom slapped Jerry on the back. "We've finally made it."  Jack said "For a while there I didn't think I could do it.  I'm so tired I can't feel my feet anymore and my whole body is throbbing."  Jerry said "All we need to do is clear this tiny rise and we'll be at the top."  As the three cleared the rise Tom looked in the distance. "What is that?"  Jerry said "Low oxygen can play tricks on you, mate."  Jack strained his eyes. "Do you see people sitting at tables eating and laughing?  And those two over there are playing horseshoes?"  Jerry was relieved. "Then I'm not imagining things."  Speechless the three slowly made their way to the group of eight girls eating and giggling and two very large men with machine guns.  Tom said "Well I'll be a monkey's uncle." Jerry followed with "What in the dickens."  Jack said "Blow me down with a feather.  Who are you people?  You're supposed to be completely spent like us.  Instead I see, like here, a little girl laughing and carrying on like she's on her mom's front stoop."  Lupe said "Hello.  Come, sit down.  Take a load off.  We brought extra chairs and food."  Tom walked up to Cletus. "I'm sorry, is this real life or a dream?  Can I touch you?"  Cletus laughed and laughed.  "Don't worry.  We're real.  How many days have you been climbing?"  "Thirteen.  Jerry over here is so tired he lost his footing today and tumbled down a ways.  He was lucky he only busted his forearm."   Molly walked over to Cletus and motioned with her eyes she was going to do a reading.  Cletus said "Let me introduce you to this young girl.  Her name is Molly.  They each shook hands with her.  Molly said to Cletus "They're innocuous.  This man has a pistol.  And all three are carrying survival knives."  Tom said "What... How did she know I had a pistol?"  Cletus said "Don't worry.  She can read minds.  For our safety would you please hand me your pistol."  Cletus pulled out his Peoples Secret Service Identification and showed it to the weary hikers.  Molly said "This man has a fever and needs medical attention.  Tracy, would you please help me.  Bring your medical kit."  Cletus brought the men over to the tables.  "Here, sit down and rest.  Mike, would you please give these gentlemen some hot cocoa."  "Yes sir."  Tracy took Jerry's coat off and put it over his shoulders.  As she was examining his arm he looked at her face. "You're just a kid no more than fifteen.  Am I dreaming?"  "No sir, you are not dreaming.  I'm here to help you.  Molly, what is his body telling you?"  "His ulna is fractured.  We need to set it."  Molly looked up at Jerry. "You're a very lucky man.  You wouldn't have made it back down this mountain alive.  You're burning up with fever.  We are going to take you to a place where doctors will operate on your arm.  We have a special technique we recently developed that can rapidly fuse bones back together without using pins."  Jerry was speechless.  He could only stare and wonder what was happening.  Lupe walked over to the three climbers sitting down.  "Gentlemen, my name is Lupe.  We three girls and a secret service agent are going to take Jerry to a special hospital.  He'll be fine in a few days.  Mike, are you ready?"  "Yes ma'am."  The other two climbers were sitting down watching.  Lupe, Molly, Tracy, and Mike held hands.  Mike held Jerry with his other hand.  And, poof they were gone.

Tom exclaimed "Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!  What sort of witchcraft is this?  Are you people visitors from outer space?  Did you just take my friend to your mother ship!"   Cletus laughed and said "Calm down.  You've just had the honor of meeting three of the five young Pioneers of the United States of America.  Relax.  They will return in a few minutes.  In the meantime have some of this delicious food and drink."  Jack said "I do remember the girl on TV last year talking about Blinking people instantly across great distances.  Was that her?"  Cletus replied "Yes.  And the other two girls can perform miracles repairing the human body.  When Molly said Jerry would have died, it was a fact, he would have died.  You're lucky we were here."  Cletus looked at the remaining two climbers.  He saw they were totally wiped out.  "Gentlemen, when they return I'm going to have Lupe blink you two back to your base camp so you won't have to climb down.  And, don't eat so fast.  Take it easy."

After a while Nellie came over and squeezed in-between Tom and Jack.  She put her arms around them. "You two look really tired.  You walked for 13 days up this mountain.  Not many people can do that.  My people would call you true warriors."  Tom smiled.  He took a sip of hot chocolate and asked "And who might your people be?"  Nellie proudly said "I am Apache.  Well, half Apache, and my biological father looks Indian, too.  What part of England are you from?"  "All three of us are from Peckham.  It's in south London."  Nellie said "Before the Big Change my family was very poor.  Were you poor too?"  Tom said "Why do you ask...  Yes, I was very poor growing up."  Nellie smiled "I thought so.  You know I have a saying that goes 'The hardest lessons learned are the ones your soul needs the most.  I believe you can't really appreciate life until you've almost lost it.  You can't have a sense of victory unless you know what it means to almost fail.  You can't understand goodness until you've experienced real evil.  So celebrate life by celebrating today, tomorrow, and many more days to come'."  Tom turned to Nellie "Such wisdom from such a young girl.  Are you one of the Young Pioneers, too?"  Nellie said "No but like you I am a warrior.  That's something to be very proud of, Mr. Tom and Mr. Jack."

The girls were sitting around the two climbers and staring.  Connie noticed they were still somewhat out of breath.  She brought two oxygen bottles over. "I think you guys need this.  Cletus, I don't know how to work these.  Can you help?"  Between taking hits of oxygen and some very delicious warm food and hot chocolate, the girls started peppering the hikers with questions like "What made you do this crazy thing?" and "What do you do for a living?" and "Isn't your family worried about you?  and..."  Cletus stopped them.  "Ladies, these men are completely spent.  Let's give them some space.  They need to eat and rest.  What do say?"  Sophia said "Ok, Uncle Cletus.  You're right.  But they seem so interesting!"  Cletus laughed "I'm sure they are.  And I'm sure they'll give you their email addresses so you can ask all the questions you want later."  Tom smiled. "My email is TomNeeley123@jmail.com, and his is JackPalance321@jmail.com."  The girls stopped pestering the climbers and decided to talk about where they wanted to go next.
In the meantime over at White Sands the Bandidas, Mike, and Jerry dropped onto the nice soft landing pad.  Mike grabbed a wheelchair and they quickly rolled Jerry to Tracy's treatment center.  Tracy said "Nigel, will you please come help us.  We have one of your countrymen in need."  Nigel is a very congenial 34 year old scientist specializing in bones and nerves.  "Hello, my name is Nigel, and your name is?"  "Jerry Spaulding.  Where am I, what is this place?"  Tracy said "He has no security clearance, Nigel.  So he doesn't need to know our location."  Nigel looked at Jerry. "You are in one of the best medical facilities on earth with the best in cutting edge technology.  And I am one of the top neurologists on earth."   Molly said "It looks like Jerry's left ulna has multiple fractures.  And he has a fever related to an infection.  That's interesting because he has been in a freezing environment for at least thirteen days.  See if you and Tam can isolate and identify what's causing the high fever.  We need to completely understand it.  It might be Corona."  Molly called Tam Liu, an immunologist in the next room to come over and join them.  Molly said "Nigel, he's very dehydrated.  Please administer enough saline to stabilize him.   Tracy said "Tam, you and Nigel use Molly's technology to speak with his cells to coordinate a plan of action to eradicate that viral infection.  His system's defenses are down because he's been climbing Mt. Denali.  We rescued him at the summit."  "Yes ma'am.  We will do it immediately."  Tracy said "Jerry, I'm giving you a low dose of some medicine to increase your white blood cell count and your ability to create antibodies.  Just relax."  By now all of five of Tracy's evening shift were around the bed working on Jerry.  Tracy said "Jerry, Molly's observations are saying you're going to pull through just fine.  I want you to rest here for three days.  Ok?  Then we'll take you back to your friends."  Jerry, almost in tears, said "God Bless you.  I have a ten year old daughter.  Please make sure she knows I'm ok."  "We will, Jerry.  Nigel, would you please let her know."  Tracy thanked her staff.
As the Bandidas were leaving the medical section Lupe said "We kept a girl from losing her father."  Lupe's eyes were tearing.  "I can't tell you how great that feels."  Tracy reached up and put her arm around Lupe's shoulder.  "You're a beautiful person, Lupe."  Molly added "Aristotle said the universe is constantly changing.  But he said there is one thing that doesn't change.  He called it 'entelechy' or a person's potential.  Entelechy is that little guy in your belly you told me about at the beach house when I didn't want to get up.  Entelechy is the force that motivates you to be the best you can be.  Along the path to self-actualization, Aristotle said "There is always a reason for everything that happens.  Your experiences are designed to shape you, define you, and hopefully grow you into the mightiest YOU possible."  Lupe looked at Molly. "Do you think this was meant to happen?"  "Yes."  Tracy said "Does it really matter?  We just saved a young girl's father from dying and it felt good.  So let's leave it at that.  You guys ready to go back to the top of North America?"  Lupe shouted "Let's do it!"  Standing next to a security check point they held hands with Mike and poof they were back on top of Mt. Denali.  The two guards at the security booth looked at each other with big eyes.  "Magnus, they give me the willies when they do that."   "Me too, Stokley."
"We're baa'ack!"  Sophia said "It's about time, Pokey Joes."  Nellie asked "Is Jerry going to be ok?"  Tracy walked up to Tom and Jack.  "He's going to be just fine.  We're keeping him there for three days to fully recuperate.  How are you guys doing?"  Cletus spoke up "Tom and Jack are totally wasted.  I'd rather them not have to walk down."  Molly agreed. "These men weren't prepared for this climb.  I wonder how many people have died trying to climb this mountain."  Connie said "I looked it up this afternoon.  One hundred and thirty four.  Fourteen in the last four years.  There are 48 frozen bodies still on the mountain."  Molly said "I'd like to remove one of the frozen bodies."  Tracy looked at her. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking."  "They may be suspended life.  It depends how quickly they froze."  Cletus sitting next to Tom and Jack said "Geniuses discussing the impossible.  That's why they are who they are."  Tom said "Amazing, but a little Frankenstein freakish."  Jack said "Everything has happened so fast and strange.  Are you telling us the truth about our friend Jerry?"  Tracy picked up the satellite phone. "Here let me get him.  They should be giving him a bath right now to get the stink off before they dig into his arm."  "Hello Nigel, this is Tracy.  Would you put Jerry on for a second?"  She handed Jack the phone.  "Jerry, are you ok?"  "Jack, you wouldn't believe this place.  It's a modern hospital but with no windows.  I guess it's all underground.  There are guards with machine guns everywhere in the hallways.  A group of very competent physicians are taking care of me.  And those teenagers are their supervisors.  Jack, they're the ones running the show over here.  Those little girls."  Nigel broke in "Those 'brilliant' little girls."  "They say I can leave in three days."  Jack said "One of the girls is going to Blink us to our base camp.  We'll be waiting for you there.  Ok?"  "Sounds great, Jack.  You and Tom take care.  Bye."  Jack handed the phone back to Tracy "You're truly a miracle from God.  Thanks.  I had no idea so many people died climbing this mountain."   Nellie told Jack "Mike here is one of my mentors.  He's a Navy Seal.  The best of the best.  As his student he will teach me to be a strong, smart, and safe swimmer.  Because, as Mike says, a dead warrior is still a dead warrior.  And we don't want that."  Tom smiled and said "Out of the mouths of babes come the honest and sometimes brutal truths.  Well Jack, are you ready.  I'm stuffed."  They both stood and thanked everybody.  Cletus put together a care package of food and a couple gas heaters to take with them.  Tracy gave them a shot of strength.  Then Lupe, Cletus, Tom, and Jack held hands and with the coordinates supplied by Larry's stationary satellite overhead, she Blinked them to their base camp.  Cletus requested the men not talk about what had transpired.  Tom hugged Lupe goodbye. "I'm touching the most valuable person for the future of the human race.  I'm not about to do anything to jeopardize your health and wellbeing.  Thank you again, Lupe."  With that Lupe and Cletus Blinked back to the summit.
It was 6:45pm.  The crew was comfortably sitting back taking in the top of North America while sipping hot chocolate and playing a game of horseshoes.  "The world is really beautiful up here."  "Lupe, all you can see is snow and mountains."  "But isn't it beautiful, Tracy."  "You're right.  It is...  ...Didn't Blinking come to you as you were sitting with your dad on the Organ Mountains?"  "Yep."
Sophia said "Lupe, bet you can't see into my future."  Lupe chuckled as she picked up some snow and packed it into a ball.  "Ok, let me look into my crystal ball."  Sophia said "Silly, that's not a crystal ball."  "Of course it is.  Don't you know snow is nothing but ice crystals?"  "Oh yeah, snowflakes have eight points and none are exactly alike.  So Lupe, what do you see in your crystal ball?"  The ball was about eight inches in diameter.  She held it up to the sun to see the translucence.  Sophia asked "Well, what do you see?"  Lupe set the ball down and sat quietly for a moment.  "I see how to create harmony in a field of disarray.  Sophia, you're a genius.  I'm going to call my method the 'Sophia effect'."  Molly stood. "Oh my God... she believes she can step into future temporal events."  Lupe leaned back in her chair and smiled. "Sweet, huh?"  Connie walked over to get some more hot chocolate.  "Anybody else want some?"  Lupe said "If you don't mind, I'll take another hit."  Lupe was handed her refill while everyone was impatiently waiting.  Sophia said "Lupe. You still didn't answer my question."  "Well, I see a very good future for you, Sophia.  Strong, smart, brave, and beautiful.   Girls like you always do well in life."
Molly anxiously urged Lupe "Go on with your 'Sophia Effect'."  She smiled "I want you to memorize it as I go through it, Miss Eidetic Memory Molly.  Come here and put your hand on my head."  Molly sat next to Lupe as they quietly stared at each other.  This went on for about ten minutes and was only interrupted with several quick chuckles starting with Lupe and ending with Molly like doing the wave.  Mike whispered to the other girls. "Quiet.  Geniuses at work!"  Cletus motioned Mike to be quiet.  Lupe finally stopped. "You got it, Molly?"  "Yes, but half of it I have no idea what you're talking about.  And that new math you just showed me looks like some alien gibberish."  Lupe looked at Sophia. "It may be random, but I believe it's possible to take quick snapshots into the future."  Sophia said "Ok, I get it.  It's some trick like the one you played on me last Saturday when you kidnapped me."  Tracy laughed. "Those are pretty harsh words.  You said you were bored and wanted to do something."  Lupe cut in. "Sophia, I'm not kidding.  You helped me understand how to see into time."  Lupe leaned back and giggled. "Just think, a thousand years from now people are going to wonder who the heck this Sophia was."  "Very funny, Lupe.  Ha-ha."  Lupe continued "Give me till next weekend and I'll come over and give you a snapshot into your future."  Nellie said "That sounds kind of creepy.  What if she's sick or something worse?"  Lupe said "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it."  Bannister reflected. "There are five Young Pioneers.  Four of you are into science.  And Summer is into happiness.  Just because you can do something, does that mean you should?"  Tracy looked up "Well we've found cures for many major diseases.  We can heal people almost miraculously.  Jacob, myself, and Molly figured out a way to make people young again.  And Lupe can teleport us anywhere.  Now she will be able to see into the future."  Bannister added "But is this what humanity needs for happiness, or is it a sentence for the destruction of the human race?"  Lupe looked at Bannister. "As usual you make an excellent point.  Let's get Summer and Jacob here so we can talk about it.  Cletus, do you have any extra winter clothing?"  He had three outfits.  Lupe asked Cletus to accompany her.  "We'll be back in a few."  Poof.
They materialized a few yards from K'akana's house.  "No time to waste, Uncle Cletus.  I'll get her."  Lupe ran through the side door into the kitchen.  Her dad Tony was having supper with K'akana and Summer.  "Como le va, papi."  "Bien, mija.  Why are you here?"  He smiled and said "I know... it's because you missed me, right?"  "Dad, I miss you all the time when we're not together.  But that's not the reason.  I've just discovered something big.  The Young Pioneers need to have a meeting to discuss it.  Here Summer, put this on.  Our meeting is being held on the summit of Mt. Denali."  Tony said "What's this with you and mountain tops?"  "It's where I do my best thinking, papi.  Are you ready Summer?  Let's go."  She Blinked them to the top of Jacob's building on Park Avenue.  "Come on, let's hurry."  As they ran down a flight of stairs to the penthouse, Lupe called on her cell.  "Hello."  "Jacob, this is Lupe.  Open your door.  We're going somewhere to have a meeting."  After he let them in she explained she was calling a meeting with all the young Pioneers, and he needed to put these warm clothes on... now.  Jacob quickly said goodbye to his mom and poof the four of them were on top of Mt. Denali.  Jacob said "Wow, you weren't kidding when you said everybody would be here.  You guys pick the strangest places to have discussions."
Everybody was seated around several tables pushed together.  Jacob was enjoying a piping hot cup of cocoa.  "I'm sleepy.  You woke me up from a nice dream.  And burrrr... it's cold up here.  I'm not used to this."  Tracy said "It's only 28 degrees.  Here let me shoot you and Summer up.  It will cut the cold considerably."
After they received the injections Lupe said "Let's not beat around the bush.  I believe I have discovered a way to take snapshots into the future.  Bannister thought it would be wise for the Pioneers, especially our happiness guru Summer, to meet and discuss the pros and cons of actually doing it."  Bannister added "The People mandated that Happiness be the priority for everything we do.  Gross National Happiness is the most important thing now."  Summer said "Do you people think seeing into the future will hurt us?  Will it cause us harm?"   Lupe said "I really don't know.  That's why we need to talk.  You come from a very long line of Zia-Hopi medicine women.  If anybody could guide us it's you."  Summer reflected. "I wish my mother was here."  Molly said "Summer, just like us you are part of the future.  K'akana has guided you to become what you are today.  I'm sure she would defer all judgments to you."
Jacob suggested "We should each give our opinion.  Remember the night after we received the awards...   At the dance there was a girl named Sara.  She thanked me for saving her life by finding a cure for cystic fibrosis.   As I saw Sara walking away holding her parents hands I thought "That award I received the day before was just self-aggrandizing baloney.  Keeping kids like her alive is the important stuff in life.  We can cure people of cancer and heal nerve damage as well as many other wonderful things.  We can now make old people young again.  Connie, Sophia, Nellie... You should have seen the joy on your grandparents faces when they first looked into a mirror... When they first kissed as eighteen year olds again.  It was priceless.  It was pure happiness.  At least that's my opinion.  Connie, how about you?  What's your opinion?"  Connie was confused. "But I'm not a Pioneer."  Jacob said "Five of us made significant breakthroughs.  That doesn't by itself qualify us to be the only experts on life, living, and happiness.  Far from it, because at least with me, my area of focus is purposefully narrowed so I can achieve more.  It's like a physician... try to talk to him or her about sports or politics and they're usually clueless and boring because they never get involved with that stuff."
Lupe asked "Connie, what do you think?  Is what we've done good for people?  Will it make us happier?  Will seeing in the future make us happy?"  Connie looked at the others. "Healing disease is important.  It stops pain and enables the person to live a physically normal life.  And there is nothing wrong with extending life.  Unless that person is a total asshole.  But then who will decide which ones are assholes?  Lupe allowing us to populate other planets will eliminate overcrowding.  Like the cap in the US is 400 million.  When the elderly become young again that will quickly bring us up to the population limit.  We will have to move off this planet.  Being able to see into the future is a very good thing.  At our house we have outside cameras with a huge monitor next to our TV.  We don't have to take the time to walk outside to see if everything is ok.  We compress time by having the cameras instantly let us know.  What about you, Hanna?"
Hanna said "I agree with Connie.  It's not the textbook definition of going into the future, but isn't this compression of time a form of time travel.  I can walk for an hour and travel three and a half miles.  I can drive my car 60 miles an hour and go 3 1/2 miles in three and a half minutes."  Lupe laughed "So by your definition, I'm already going way into the future with Blinking.  That's because you believe there is a three way inverse relationship between time, speed, and distance."  Bannister said "Well, don't you agree?"  Lupe said "Well yes.  But my method brings these three closer together to achieve rapid travel.  You have to apply force to go 60 miles an hour.  I don't use much of a force at all to travel.  I simply grab on to temporal threads that exist in harmony with wave matter and dark energy.  But the technique isn't what we need to talk about."
Nellie spoke up. "You guys so far are finding metaphors to legitimize what Lupe has just discovered.  She doesn't want that.  She wants your honest opinion if people will be happier both individually and collectively when they are able to see into the future.  Personally, I see lots of advantages.  I remember two years ago when dad and Lupe were talking about Mandelbrot's fractals and how he needed to see ice crystal formation only in four dimensions which includes time.  Even then Lupe said there were threads into the future.  Like many young people experience deja vu.  So this is the giant thing nobody has mentioned yet.  As ice crystals are growing you can do something to change their future growth.  If you can see into the future, can't you then do something to change the future without hurting anything?"  Summer said "I'm sure everybody here in one way or another was thinking this but didn't say it.  The most obvious example would be a future Hitler who with his army kills off half the human race.  If we knew who his mother was, she could be sterilized as a child, thus save millions of lives.  But would that hurt the space time continuum?"  Lupe said "I don't think so."  Sophia said "What if I was twenty and engaged.  Lupe shows how my husband ditched me two years later for another woman.  Would I try to kill the woman before she could take my husband away or would I just not get involved with the two timing jerk to begin with?  In other words knowledge doesn't necessarily change a person's character.  I would never try to hurt anybody.  I just wouldn't get involved with guys who would do this to me."  Summer said "But wouldn't it be a wonderful tool to expose people for who they really are?  We can read people's minds.  Isn't this an extension of that?  We could see things way before jerks could even think about them."  Jacob said "Let's extend that out.  Let's say computers are programmed to know what is good about people and what is bad.  A woman becomes pregnant.  The computer looks into the future of that child yet to be born.  It sees their entire life moment by moment.  All the good and all the bad.  That person will have the potential to create future generations.  Then I suppose we could look at those lives too.  In other words should we really decide who will be born and who won't?  There are way too many variables.  And what we decide as good and bad may not apply a hundred years from now.  But I do believe there are advantages to seeing into the future of everyone alive.  I see it as a form of medical care.  If Sophia saw a car hit and killed her five years from now, she could take steps to avoid it.  All I'm saying is this could be a very positive tool if it is controlled.  Similar to Tracy's strength and Molly's mind reading and Lupe's Blinking.  This stuff should never be available to anybody on the streets.  And so far the People agree."  Hanna said "When the atomic bomb was created, it took only a few years for another country to steal the knowledge.  This is my greatest concern.  Will some bozos steal and sell our potentially dangerous technology?"  Jacob said "Let's take a vote.  Who wants Lupe to go forward with her discovery?"  Everybody raised their hand.  Summer said "But it must strictly be controlled by us until we, and thus the People, will be able to understand all the implications of this technology.  When I say us I mean Bannister, Lupe, Tracy, Molly, Jacob, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Hanna, myself, Natasha, and Lupe's foster parents.  That's it.  No one else.  Is that ok with you, Cletus and Mike?"  They both wholeheartedly agreed.  Hanna said "For my safety I don't want to have anything to do with this. Ok?"  The rest agreed.  Lupe added "And the very fact of me being able to look into the future has to be a secret.  At least for now."  Summer said "This sounds a lot like all the secret activities hidden from Americans before The Big Change.  But the giant difference is we don't want to take the country from the People.  We want to protect the People.  They understand who we are and have given us the highest command powers in the country."  Jacob said "So that settles it.  Lupe will develop her invention in secrecy.  If Lupe needs any help, she will have at her disposal only the people Summer just mentioned.  That's all."  Lupe said "Cool.  I feel a lot better about this.  We'll take it a little bit at a time."  Jacob said "So is this meeting over?  I'm freezing my butt off."  They all cracked up.  Lupe said "Ok Jacob, let's get you back.  How about you Summer?"  "I think I'll hang around and enjoy this."  With that Lupe and Cletus Blinked Jacob back home then immediately returned.  Summer was on the satellite phone. "Hello, mom.  I'm going to stay overnight.  It's too beautiful over here."
By 8:00pm everyone had their fill of the summit.  Mike packed up.  Cletus and Lupe Blinked the extra food, some tables, chairs, chocolate machine, and other items down to Tom and Jack.  They were ecstatic, especially for the hot chocolate machine.  She sent the rest back to the research center.  Finally, she Blinked the group to an open area behind some trees near the lodge.  
As they were walking Connie said "My phone says it's a balmy 50 degrees.  Almost t-shirt weather."  Hanna said "I never thought I'd say I'm happy where it's 50 degrees."  Tracy called Hazel. "Mom, we're walking over to the lodge.  Are you at the spa?"  "Yes, and it's marvelous.  Melvin is a big muscular man who gave me the best oil massage I've ever had.  It was pure heaven."  "And Melvin looked heavenly too, right?"  "Honey, now you know I don't discuss such matters with my daughter."  "Yeah right, mom."  Hazel continued "Anyway they have staff ready to do your nails, toes, and hair.  There's a heated pool, a large sauna, and the best massage therapy.  I had some excellent wine and cheese during my foot therapy and now I'm feeling no pain."  "Mom, you're nothing but a sissy."  "That's right.  So get your little self on over her and see what I'm talking about."  "I might tomorrow.  We're going in the lodge right now.  See you later.  Bye."
Tracy suggested "Hey guys, they've got this great spa here.  You may want to check it out.  But I think I'll just chillax on this recliner and maybe watch a little boob tube."  While resting she quietly mentioned the shakeup at Area 51 the day before.  She was upset because they had zero women on base.  Lupe laughed and said it was like when the Army tried to keep women out of Ranger school before 2015.  Molly suggested it was because many of the high ranking officers were gay.  They loved all that eye candy and women would have ruined it.  They laughed.
Nellie and Sophia ran to the game room.  Hanna coerced the concierge go give her an interview.  Lupe turned on the giant screen TV to see the Cleveland Cavaliers play Golden State in game one of the finals.  Tracy was yawning. "Curry is ten times better than James."  She settled in, sitting sideways.  They watched the game for an hour.  It was obvious the Warriors were going to win.  "You guys, I think I'll head on to bed."  Lupe said "Tracy wait up, I'm going with you."  She looked at the others "Our room has several of big beds, so if you want we can crash together."  Lupe paused for a second and asked Connie "Do Sophia and Nellie still fart in their sleep.  One of their brown bombs almost took me out while your parents were in China."  "Afraid so.  Why don't we have them sleep with Hanna?  She can show them her routine for removing makeup and moisturizing her skin before hitting the hay."  "Sounds like a wonderful idea."  "I'm calling Hanna now.  Then I'll call the little bombers."
Seven in the morning, Friday June 7, 2019.  Lupe was dreaming she just invented a new kind of snack.  Corn chips and vinegar with a hint of sandalwood.  "Yum, these are sooo good."  Something pushed her nose.   Her eyes opened to Summer's left foot staring her.  Lupe leaned her head forward and took a sniff "Oh my god, Fritos.  Summer, wake up!"  Summer was all sprawled out in the middle of the bed with Lupe on one side and Connie on the other.  Lupe tapped Connie.  Summer's right foot was on her chest.  Lupe whispered "Don't touch her foot, it's deadly.  Grab her leg and let's push her to the floor."  Summer landed with a thud while Lupe and Connie laid back and pretended to be asleep.  Summer sprang to her feet. "Not funny guys.  I can't help it.  I've got shaky leg syndrome."  Connie said "More like 'body all over the bed' syndrome."  Molly, lying on the other bed, said "Be quiet, I'm trying to sleep."  Tall and lanky Bannister was sleeping on the floor on an air mattress. "Pipe down!  It's still nighttime."  Lupe said "It's the shutters.  It's really seven in the morning and I'm hungry."  Molly mumbled "Are we doing this again?"  Connie said "You get used to it after a few days.  She says it's that little guy in her gut telling her to get up."  Molly said "I'm going to find that little guy and strangle the shit out of him."  Tracy was out like a light.  You could have driven a freight train through the room and she'd still be sawing logs.  Lupe looked at Summer and Connie. "Let's slip out of here and let these guys sleep."  Connie said "Only if I can have a Spanish Omelet with extra hot sauce."  As they were walking, Summer said "I wonder if they have any salmon.  It's the breakfast of Indians."  "You mean breakfast of champions."  "Yeah, that too."  Lupe said "They told me the salmon just started running here."  "Yum, I like mine with ketchup."  "Gross!"  
The three walked into the dining area sporting their Winnie the Pooh pajamas with Thumper and Miss Bunny slippers.  Hanna, Nellie, Sophia, and Hazel were already enjoying some fresh salmon and eggs from the breakfast bar.  Hazel smiled. "Hello ladies.  Did you sleep well?  Is my sleeping beauty up yet?"  They sat down in the next booth.  Connie said "Miss Hazel, we slept very well.  And the Napoleonic wars couldn't wake your daughter."  Connie asked "Hanna, did you sleep well?  I hope Sophia and Nellie didn't keep you up."  "We slept very well.  The girls were quiet as a mouse.  But I think the toilet in the bathroom isn't adequately vented.  About 2:00am I had to open a window."  Lupe chuckled under her breath.  Hanna asked "Are you girls ready for the spa?"  Lupe replied "We were thinking about Barrow.  It's the northernmost town in the US.  It's right on the shore of the Arctic Ocean.  And we'd also like to see the western part of Alaska."  Hazel remarked "I'm a little traveled out.  I'm tempted to stay while you girls go freeze your little tailbones off."  Summer said "You should do that, Mrs. Smith.  Another day of pampering will be good for you."  
Twenty minutes later the others dragged themselves in.  "Scoot over.  Is the food any good?"  Lupe asked Molly "How's your entelechy doing this morning."  "Be quiet, don't wake her up."  Lupe looked at them sitting there half asleep. "I know what it is.  You have over active pineal glands secreting way too much melatonin.  Molly, ask your gland and he'll tell you he's been a bad boy."  Molly looked up at Lupe. "Have people said you talk way too much in the mornings?  Carlyle once wrote you need to have a sacred respect for restraint in speech until your thoughts have silently matured, ?you need keep your tongue from wagging until you have something meaningful to say."  "Ok... I thought about it.  How about this:  I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you.  Na na nana'na."  "Please be quiet."  "Oh, is little Molly grumpy.  Come on, it's a bright new beautiful morning.  The fresh elixir of a new day with new experiences is just waiting for us to seize."  
Still half asleep, Bannister looked up. "You can blame me for that.  She taught me math, I taught her philosophy."  Lupe smiled. "She taught me Horace." 
Molly cracked her eyes open and recited "Dum loquimur, fugerit invida Aetas: carpe diem, quam minimum credula postero.  While we're talking, envious time is fleeing; seize the day, put no trust in the future."  Lupe said "How do you do that Molly.  You even know it in Latin while you're half asleep."  Molly replied "Anybody can memorize words.  Even parrots.  Few take the time to understand the meaning."  Lupe said "Yes and my meaning in life is to get our little butts up to Barrow.  You guys ready?"
Sophia said "But it'll take too long.  We'd have to take the Chinook back to Anchorage.  That would take two hours.  Then it would be several hours in the 8x to Barrow.  It would be late afternoon before we'd even get there."  Lupe cracked a devilish smile. "I thought somebody would try to fudge out.  So I had a bunch of Secret Service guys fly themselves in the 8x to Barrow.  They're there right now waiting to drive us around."  Nellie said "This is exciting.  I wanna go."  By consensus they finally agreed to leave in an hour.
It was middle morning.  They were standing ready in a field of tall grass surrounded by a thicket of trees.  The agents at Barrow gave Lupe coordinates for a safe and secure landing next to several vehicles. They Blinked with no problems.  As they were driving through the tiny settlement, Connie checked her phone. "It's a blistering 38 degrees out here."  Cletus took them to the town's football field next to the Arctic Ocean.  Then to the town's general store.  The Big Change brought about a flurry of construction in Alaska especially in Eskimo villages.  Barrow was an exception.  Most of the indigenous people moved further south.  Many of the buildings in Barrow are now vacant.  But they do have a nice school which doubles as a recreational facility.  
Driving along the shore they came upon an Eskimo family carving a large seal.  The girls introduced themselves.  Lupe said "You use every part of the animal?  Not one piece goes to waste?"  The matriarch said "That's correct.  It's a form of respect.  When we kill the animal, we thank its spirit for providing us with food to sustain our lives.  We continue the respect by showing the spirit we care enough not to waste anything."  Hanna was fascinated.  She asked the lady for an interview.  The woman agreed because it was important to impart some of her culture to those who have never been to Alaska.  During the interview she said "The Big Change improved the lives of the Eskimo a thousand fold, especially for women.  Suicides are down.  Alcohol abuse and other drugs aren't a problem anymore.  And the people all work doing something constructive to improve their lives.  We think of ourselves as one large family.  But because of harsh weather and long distances it was difficult to get out and visit one another.  Now each village has ground and air transportation.  The People of the United States have allowed us to use whatever fuel we need.  And they have given most of Alaska back to us.  The only requirement is we must be good stewards of the land for future generations."  After a very interesting interview Hanna thanked her.  The girls thanked the family for allowing them to be there.  As Summer was talking to the lady she said "As you were speaking to your family in your native language I realized we are one people.  I could understand some of what you were saying.  The Apache, Navajo, Hopi, and Zia tongues are very similar to your language."  Sophia said "Remember Zìyóu told mom that Native Americans came from northern China thousands of years ago.  Zìyóu said many words in Navajo are the same in some Chinese dialects."  The Eskimo lady asked "Are you talking about Zìyóu, the leader of the Chinese Mothers."  Cletus stepped in and respectfully said "Thank you again for your time.  I'm sorry but we need to go.  The plane leaves in twenty minutes." 
As the group was driving away Cletus admitted "This is it.  Not much to Barrow."  Hanna said "I've been reaching out to locate the woman in charge of the Alaskan Pipe Line.  She also coordinates all drilling at Prudhoe Bay.
"Her name is Janet Weiss.  This write up says she had been the Regional President of BP Alaska since February 15, 2013.  Before that she served as Regional Vice President of Resources, Accountable for Resource Progression, Subsurface Activities and IT at BP Alaska.  She was responsible for BP's oil and gas exploration, development and production activities in Alaska, as well as its interests in the Trans-Alaska oil pipeline. She's based in Anchorage.  She held engineering and executive posts in both Alaska and in the Lower 48. She started her career at Alaska in 1986, where she worked as a process engineer, reservoir engineer, petroleum engineer, and reservoir engineering advisor. Her executive appointments include Vice President of Special Projects for BP Exploration & Production and Vice President for Unconventional Gas Technology.  She also led BP's Western Wyoming businesses and Base Operations for the Gulf of Mexico Shelf.  Ms. Weiss holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Oklahoma State University."
Tracy chuckled and said "It sounds like a bunch of chest pounding and back slapping.  All they needed to say is she's a qualified person who makes sure the Alaska oil industry is running smoothly.  The rest is just ego stroking baloney."  Hanna said "This came out of an old BP annual report, so what do you expect, right?  Anyway I want to interview her about her life after the BC.  Today she's at Prudhoe Bay.  You guys want to go over there and check it out?  If you want, I've just arranged a ride on a hovercraft.  Lupe said "I'm in.  How about everyone else?"  Connie asked "Is there a motel at Prudhoe Bay?"  Hanna said "I checked the accommodations.  There's the Prudhoe Bay hotel and that's all.  It's for oilfield workers.  They don't have any vacancies and personally, I wouldn't want to stay there."  Molly asked "Are there any decent hotels in Barrow?"  Hanna responded "Remember when we drove by The Top of the World hotel?  That's the best one.  It's like a motel 6.  There was a great restaurant next door, but it burned down years ago."  Lupe smiled "It's ok.  We'll just Blink back to the Lodge.  Then we'll fly the 8x to the west side of Alaska."  Nellie perked up. "I wanna go to Unalakleet.  It's where Ariel Tweto lives."  Summer said "Una what and Airel who?"  Connie said "Last month Nellie saw the old Discovery Channel series called 'Flying Wild Alaska'."  Ariel's mom and dad started a flying business decades ago."  Nellie added "That's right.  And now their business takes care of all of wild Alaska.  They built runways in all the villages.  And in Unalakleet they have an air traffic control center that manages all air traffic except in Alaska's large cities."  Hanna said "That's really interesting.  I wonder if Ariel would let me interview her."   Lupe said "Ok then.  It's settled.  We're doing Prudhoe Bay, and then back to the Lodge, and tomorrow morning we're off to Ariel's place."
The group Blinked over to a secluded area outside of Prudhoe Bay and were picked up by agents in Toyota Highlanders.  As they were driving through the oil fields Bannister remarked "I had no idea this place was so large.  It goes for as far as your eyes can see."  Summer googled it.  "This place is one of the largest oil fields in the world.  Right now it supplies 30% of US oil.  Oh, this is funny...  It says the oil companies used to sell most of the oil from here to Japan and China.  Damn!  It also says we, the People, were paid less than 5% on all sales.  What the hell.  Our politicians were paid off so the oil companies could make all the money and most of the oil wasn't even used by Americans.  It was shipped down to Washington State, refined, and then it was sold and shipped to South Korea, Japan, and China.  The maximum capacity of the Alaska pipeline is 2 million gallons a day, and conveniently the refining capacity in Washington State was 2 million gallons a day."  Hanna said "That's over with now so let's think positive about our visit."  
The Highlanders pulled up to a fenced area next to the water's edge.  They walked to a large metal gate with an iron silhouette of a bear.  A sign below the image said "Watch out for hungry bears."  Nellie laughed. "How do we know which ones are hungry?"  Tracy asked "Is everyone on my strength drug?  I don't want a bear having you for lunch."  Lupe said "Relax, it's all good.  Hanna, is this the hovercraft?"  "Yes.  You ready for a fun ride?"  The pilot introduced himself and off they went to a large complex about five miles into the bay.  Upon reaching their destination they were greeted by an older lady smiling and waving.  Hanna stepped up. "Hello, I'm Hanna Starling.  Are you Janet Weiss?"  "Yes, and it's a pleasure to meet you."  Janet was a clairvoyant and Molly immediately sensed it.  As Hanna was about to shake hands, Molly stepped in front of Hanna. "Hello, my name is Molly Fabela.  Please excuse us but we can't shake hands.  It's because a girl in our group had to go home.  She has a bad case of warts on her hands.  Now we're not sure if any of us are going to get warts.  We put lots of alcohol on but they told us not to touch anybody."  Janet looked at Hanna.  Hanna said "Just a precaution."  Janet said "Your boyfriend Mark Zukerberg called me this morning and asked if I would be gracious enough to show your group around.  And of course I said yes.  Mark's computer guy has really helped us.  He's been a miracle worker.  Please come in and let me show you around."  Janet was impressed and a little surprised by the number of People's Secret Service agents accompanying the group of girls.  Hanna went on and introduced all the girls to Janet.  As Janet started the tour, Molly whispered to Hanna "She's a clairsentient.  She can look into your mind when she touches you.  I have a firewall to prevent it happening to me.  So I'll stick close to her and make sure she keeps her hands to herself."  Molly went to all the girls and whispered instructions not to let Janet touch them.
Janet proudly said "This facility is a small self-contained village.  We have over two thousand workers living here.  We service all the rigs within a thirty mile radius."  Summer asked "How do the workers spend their time off?  What do they do for entertainment?"  As Janet was about to answer "You're one of the Young Pioneers, aren't you.  Hanna said your name but it just didn't click until now.  It's an honor to meet you, Summer.  And yes the workers have lots of things available for entertainment.  We discovered through the years that people who work hard like to play hard.  There are racquet ball courts, basketball courts, a weightlifting facility, an indoor running track, and lots of other fun stuff.  We also have a large movie theater and a game room.  And the most popular is the paintball labyrinth."  Nellie said "Sounds cramazing."  
Janet surveyed the group. "I'm not talking to any more young Pioneers, am I?"  Lupe stepped up "Well I'm Summer's stepsister.  And Connie, Sophia, and Nellie are my neighbors.  And Bannister, Tracy, and Molly go to the same school as me.  And we know Hanna from street dancing.  It's summertime so we came along with Hanna because we had toe'tally nothing to do."  Tracy giggled at Lupe's giant whopper.  Molly elbowed her in the ribs to be quiet.  Nellie saw and she cracked up a little.  Lupe said "What?  It's all the truth!"  Tracy said "Yeah silly, but we've got other things we cooould be doooing.  It's not like, like you know, like we're bored or something.  Duh."  After Tracy's juvenile comment Janet felt somewhat assured the rest were just young kids out to have some fun.  After the tour Hanna sat down with Janet for the interview.  
Alvin set up the recording equipment in Janet's spacious office.  Hanna had her sit at the conference table.  "Ok, we're recording.  Today I have a very special guest.  She is the person who is responsible for all oil extraction and oil transportation in the State of Alaska.  Her name is Ms. Janet Weiss."  "Hi.  You can call me Janet."  "Ok.  Janet, as I was researching you this morning I came across an old promotional video.  You were touting BP for the good stuff they were doing.  The vid ended with the words 'Committed to America'."  Janet smiled "That's true.  BP was committed to America.  Or should I say obligated to America for several billion dollars because of the mess they made in the Gulf of Mexico."  She continued "As you probably know, the owners of BP met secretly with good old Barak, our ever bribable ex-President, and worked out a game plan to keep the damages down as low as possible.  And a lot of the monies BP paid filtered back to them.  The image handlers for BP initiated a campaign to make the company look good.  That commercial you saw me in was part of the propaganda."

Hanna asked "You said BP was responsible for thousands of jobs across America.  Wouldn't those jobs have existed no matter what company was managing the oil in Alaska?"  "Of course.  Listen I bought into the company's line of crap, hook line and sinker.  It wasn't until the Big Change that I came to know who actually owned BP, and just how little benefit Americans were receiving from their greatest natural resource."  Hanna said "Several years ago I read the controlling owners were actually only a small group of several hundred people who used thousands of different corporate names to hide themselves."  Janet said "Right, they had the best attorneys in the world that set up thousands of corporations as vessels to hold ownership in British Petroleum.  And the name itself was wrong.  Although not large in number, more Americans, French, Chinese, Russians, and Arabs owned BP than Britishers.  Actually many of these owners were above the fray of claiming national allegiance to any country.  They thought they owned the world.  I remember attending shareholder meetings in past years.  Mysteriously a list of issues would come up for voting, like who would be the officers and who would be on the Board.  What I didn't know is in the next room a group of twenty people representing the majority ownership in BP were sitting down and writing the future of the company.  People like me were just hired help.  We were paid a lot of money and we had to perform well, but we in no way whatsoever controlled the company.  And we were happy considering the huge paychecks."  Janet continued "I read a Forbes article in 2015 that said the 2000 largest corporations on earth had a market value of 37 trillion dollars.  The top 1,250 wealthiest people on earth were worth almost 6 trillion dollars.   The total assets on earth were worth 265 trillion."  Hanna said "Those are interesting statistics but what are you getting at?"  Janet said "I read about State Street Corporation out of Boston in 2015 having custody and control over 28 trillion dollars.  That was interesting considering the fair market value of all homes in America was 27.5 trillion.  So just one large investment firm had more money than the value of all homes in America.  Something was very fishy about that.  And very fishy about the 6 trillion and 265 trillion number."  Hanna said "Oh, you're talking about the invisible trillionaires."  Janet said "Yes. After the Big Change, the People set about stripping away the corporate ownership veils and we discovered the individuals who owned majority interests in large multinational corporations like BP.  None of these trillionaires were listed anywhere.  Forbes knew who they were but kept silent about it."  Hanna said "You mean like the Rothschilds of France?"  These and a few others had most of the wealth but they kept it hidden."  Hanna continued "Of course they did.  If the people knew about them they would have been killed."  Janet added "They were killed when the People discovered they were controlling the Federal Reserve.  The Fed secretly gave themselves and their buddies all the money they needed to own large multinationals.  We had agents go overseas and bring them back for high crimes against the American people.  Today we are called USA Petroleum and are proud of it."

  Hanna asked "So how has life been for you after the Big Change?"  "As you know the oil companies are owned and controlled by the People of the United States.  There is a group of a thousand overseers who ensure operations are running according to the People's mandates.  And another two thousand auditors and investigators are constantly reviewing the operations and the employees.  Initially many high level employees for Chevron, BP, Tesoro, Phillips 66, and so on... many top managers were found to be stealing.  They were thrown in jail for life which made everybody else in the oil industry pay close attention to what they themselves were doing."  Hanna laughed. "I can understand that."  Janet continued "The Big Change has been good for me because I don't have to run thin.  By that I mean profits are not the reason for our existence.  We exist to provide a product for Americans.  Safety comes first.  Efficiency second.  And efficiency is enhanced by adding more people to handle the work.  Wages aren't an adjustable line on an income statement anymore.  Within reason it doesn't matter how many people we have working in the oil business.  What matters is we utilize our human resources in an efficient manner and at the same time treat all workers with dignity and respect.  Along with safety, the happiness of our people is paramount above everything else."  Hanna said "You probably have a buddy system here too."  "Actually we do.  The workers are in permanent clutches of three to ensure each other's health, safety, and wellbeing." 

Hanna asked "What about your personal life?"  "Let's see...The pressures of work aren't as bad.  My income was cut, but the cost of living has dropped dramatically.  I'm making much more than I need to have a good life.  My family and friends are the important stuff.  Since the BC, I've had more free time to spend with them."  Hanna asked "There has to be something else that makes the Big Change special for you."  Janet thought for a moment "Yes... there actually is.  Cancer runs in my family.  Both my parents died of cancer.  It was horrible watching my mom and dad waste away.  Now you have this Jacob Jackson and his group who have come out with a cure.  He said it couldn't have happened without the BC.  His team even developed a screening process that can predict if a person is likely to contract cancer.  It's like an early warning system.  My test came up positive.  So now I'm going through preventative therapy to stop it from happening.  So the Big Change has given me a longer lease on life."   

Janet smiled. "I sense we're nearing the end of the interview.   The panel in charge of the petroleum overseers knows something about me.  And I have a feeling you somehow know it too."  Hanna cringed a little and asked "What is that."  Janet turned to the camera. "I am a clairsentient.  That means when I touch a person I can look into their mind.  It's very rare.  I've only met one other person like me.  I was able to make oil extraction and transportation successful partly because I could see into the minds of my team.  I had to have people I could trust who had integrity, honor, and character.  People who actually cared instead of scheming about ways to advance themselves to the detriment of others and the project as a whole.

Over the years I realized if one of these egotistical lowlifes had my power... wow, the damage they could have done is mind boggling.  Then last year I watched the memorial and benediction for those killed the year before.  That afternoon a girl stepped forward and said to the world she discovered a way to read people's minds.  It was terrifying.  If this was made available to the public I can see many people misusing it.  I'm so happy the People voted to hold off on making it available."  Janet stopped speaking for a moment.  She looked intently at the camera. "I'm one of the few people who actually understands how this could be misused.  Please, I ask all of you Americans to restrict this to only a few individuals.  It's a wonderful thing if used by good caring people.  And regrettably, some good people when given a miraculous tool like this can turn bad.  So please for now, let's keep this technology to the one who invented it and to the few in her group doing further research on it.  Thank you." 

Hanna said "Wow.  That's pretty heavy stuff, Janet.  Thank you very much.  And thanks for the tour of this wonderful facility.  I'm sure America appreciates all the work you've done here to keep us supplied with oil.  And most of all, thank you for your closing comment."  

After Alvin shut the camera off, Janet said "Molly is probably the girl I saw a year ago.  Tell her it was an honor to meet her, and any of the other young Pioneers here today that I don't want to know about."  Hanna said "I have no idea what you're talking about.  Thank you again for the tour and keep up the good work."  Janet winked and said "Of course."
Earlier, before Hanna started the interview, upon Molly's urging the rest of the group went outside to get away from Janet.  They decided to do some more cruising in the hovercraft.  Nellie asked the pilot "Mister, you think we'll see some polar bears?"  "Maybe.  I'll take you to an area where we spotted a polar bear family earlier this morning."  "Wow, a father, a mother, and little ones?"  "Not the father.  He doesn't stick around.  It's only the mother and usually two cubs."  The captain said "Make yourself comfortable and buckle up.  This is our speedster.  It cruises at sixty.  I hope you brought your cameras because since this is the first part of June.  We should see several Momma polar bears feeding seals to their pups."  Sophia said "Are we going to see bears killing seals?" "No.  The mother does the kill very quickly.  Then she lays the seal out on a sheet of ice for the kids to feast on."  "Yuk."  
After the interview, Hanna called Molly to come pick her up.  In twenty minutes the group was back at the main gate walking to the Highlanders.  After a couple miles down a lonely road they stopped and gathered on the ice between two of the vehicles.  "Cross my finger and poke your eye, bye."  They landed at the same spot they left earlier that morning.  Lupe landed on her butt as usual.  She stood up and said "Papi!"  She ran over and gave him and K'akana a big hug.  "Sounded like you were having lots of fun, so K'akana and I thought we'd come over and check it out.  And we have something we want to tell you."  "But papi, you don't have a Blinking device.  And how did you know we were Blinking to this spot?  Baby, just because you're away doesn't mean I don't know exactly what you're doing.  I lost you one time and I'm not about to lose you again."  "Papi, that's so sweet, but very nosey."  "If I wasn't nosey, I wouldn't be your father."  "So how did you and Auntie K'akana Blink over here?"  "This morning Norma and Larry called us from China.  One thing led to another and we're all here.  Norma and Larry are checking us in."  "Connie, did you hear that?  Your mom and dad are here!"  Nellie yelled "Dad's here!  Let's go!"  Nellie ran all the way to the main lodge.  She flung open the door, ran up and gave her dad a giant hug. "Dad, I missed you so much.  Are you back for a while?  Please say you are."  Larry motioned with his eyes to say hello to Norma too.  She reached over and hugged her mom. "I really missed you too, mom."  Norma said "We can only stay a couple days.  Then we have to zoom back to China.  We needed some time for rest and relaxation."  Connie and Sophia came running in. "Daddy, daddy, we really missed you."  Larry frowned and motioned with his eyes to go to Norma.  In midcourse they turned to Norma. "Mom, we really missed you."  Norma said "I'm glad you love your dad so much."  
A guest with her husband walked up.  "Mrs. Corona.  I'm sorry to bother you, but may I please have your autograph.  We've seen you on TV.  You're an inspiration to all of America."  "Sure, do you have a pen?  Here, I'll sign on this brochure from the lodge.  What is your name?"  "Elizabeth Hurley."  "Great.  To my dear friend, Liz Hurley.  Hope you enjoyed the stay as much as we did.  Norma Page/Corona."  "Thank you very much!  I'll frame this as soon as I get home."  Norma looked at Larry.  Elizabeth said "And it's an honor to meet you too, Mr. Page.  Well, we need to move along now.  Thank you and take care."  Norma said "Wait a minute.  Let's do a selfie."  Norma stood between Elizabeth and her husband.  Larry is tall so he stood behind.  They snapped one. "Oops, you cut the top of Larry's head off."  She took another and ecstatically thanked Norma again and left.

Norma chuckled, then hugged and kissed Larry. "My kids love you, and the public loves me.  Wacky world, huh babe?"  Larry began to say something and Norma interrupted "Yes, yes, I know.  You like it when I call you babe."  Norma said babe seven times.  "Now you gotta kiss me for every babe."  As Larry was busy planting the smooches, their daughters disgustedly said "Garoooss!"  Connie said "Get a room you two."  Norma winked "We just did."  As they were hurrying away Larry said "Later, girls."  Outside, Norma was tickling Larry's ribs and grabbing his butt.  He was giggling and slapping her hands away.  Barely audible, Connie said "Ga'row up, you two.  You're embarrassing the crap out of me."  Lupe standing next to her said "Aaaaah, young love.  At least young at heart."  Connie stomped her foot down and walked away.  Lupe turned to her dad. "Well, are you two going to stay with us for a little while or run off like they did to make hot wild passionate whatever."  Summer was next to Lupe. "Well mom?"  Tony said "Passion is meant to be celebrated, not to be embarrassed about.  It's all natural.  And remember, we came here to tell you something?"  K'akana said "Notice anything different?"  She held up her hand showing an emerald engagement ring.  Summer asked "Are Lupe and I finally going to be real sisters!"  "Yes."  Lupe exclaimed "Papi, congratulations!  You couldn't have found a better woman.  Actually I remember it was me who asked you to be friends with her."  Summer hugged them. "Thanks Uncle Tony.  Can I call you dad now?"  "Of course."  "Thanks dad.  The last nine months have been wonderful for my mom.  She really loves you.  But please be careful with her heart.  The love of a Zia woman runs very deep."  "You know I will."

Lupe looked at K'akana. "I'm not used to having a mom..."  K'akana stopped her. "I understand the pain you went through when your mother walked out.  I'd like you to consider me as a friend first, and as your new sister's mother.  Don't worry Lupe; I will never walk out on Tony.  I love and respect him too much."  Lupe teared up and quickly hugged K'akana. "Thanks.  Every time Papi looks at you his eyes light up.  I don't think he could handle another woman walking out on him."  K'akana kissed Lupe's cheek. "I won't walk out on you either."  With tears running down her cheeks Lupe hugged her tightly. "I don't mind if you call me Mija."

Summer said "Hey Sis, it's supper time, why don't we go check out the menu.  I'm starving."  They walked away arm and arm.  Lupe saw Connie and called her over.   All three walked together with their arms across each other's shoulders.  The other girls yelled "Hey wait for us."  Lupe turned. "Well, come on." as they rushed up and formed a tight pack.  Hanna skipped supper to interview the spa manager.  Tony and K'akana decided to sit by themselves next to the big picture window where they could enjoy the beautiful panorama of the mountains and forest.  Very romantic.
The squad sat in several booths checking out the menu when their waitress walked up.  "Hi, my name is Aluki.  I'll be your waitress this evening.  Would you like to start off with something to drink?"  She paused for a moment then stepped closer. "Excuse me, but aren't you Summer Zia?"  Summer smiled. "Yes.  Are you using my happiness algorithm?"  Aluki said "Oh yeah, the algorithm.  But aren't you the one who ran 12.01 seconds in barrel racing.  I have a poster in my bedroom of you on Happy Feet."  Summer asked "Do you barrel race?"  "Yes, but there's no way I'll ever come close to twelve seconds."  "If you like horses why are you living in Alaska?  Isn't it too cold?"  "I'm Eskimo and my people have lived here for thousands of years.  I wouldn't think of moving anywhere else.  During the winter it's too cold.  But in the late spring, summer, and early fall I ride Liberty all the time.  She has heated stalls and an indoor arena for the winter.  And in the summer we've got a hundred acres she can run around on."
Aluki noticed the girls were silently staring at her.  "I'm sorry for getting carried away.  I just love horses.  May I take your drink orders?"  Nellie spoke up. "You should see her other horse named Tiny.  He's as big as a Sherman Tank.  He's the family watchdog.  I'll take a large hot chocolate please."  Aluki laughed. "Tiny.  That's a cute name."  Summer said "He's cute until he goes into protection mode.  Last month my eight year old cousin Brown Eagle was riding Tiny in the bluffs when they came up on a mountain lion that lunged down from a boulder.  Brown Eagle was thrown off and the polecat was quickly moving to finish him off when Tiny jumped on the lion, killing him instantly.  Now my cuz has a nice rug on his bedroom floor."  "What a scary way to get a rug.  Ok, who's next with their order?"  Lupe chuckled. "You only knew my sister as a barrel racer and not as a young Pioneer?  I'm beginning to like this place."  "Oh, are all of you related?"  Bannister with pale white skin and sky blue eyes sitting next to Lupe said "Yes, we're sisters with different fathers and they're our cousins."  Everybody cracked up.  Connie said "I'll take a large cappuccino with decaffeinated coffee and whipped cream."  The other girls thought that sounded awful and ordered either sodas or hot chocolate.  Aluki left to get the drinks.
Summer turned to Lupe. "I've got a sister now.  Wow.  And what are the odds that we'd each be a... you know a..."  Lupe shouted "A Pioneer?"  The other girls looked at Lupe with deep consternation.  Molly said "Callate payasa. (shut up clown.)"  Connie softly said "We understand.  You're sick and tired of being incognito."  Lupe answered "It gets really old."  Tracy said "But screaming like that is going to give poor old Cletus a heart attack."  "Oops, you're right.  So let's think about food... the best thing on the menu looks like Alaskan king crab.  And look here, I didn't know they served seal meat.  Here is a blurb from a Berry Lazar at montrealfood.com, 'Seal has the texture of steak and tastes like mild beef liver.  It's not bad fried with onions, grinds up nicely for meat balls to simmer in a spicy tomato sauce, and holds its shape in a basic Iles de la Madeleine four root (onions, carrots, potatoes, and turnip) stew. The black color is a magnificent counterpoint to the red of the tomato sauce and the subtle orange, gold and white of the vegetables.  Nature has provided for an incredible spectrum of food colors but black is sorely lacking.  Purely from aesthetics, seal meat makes for an unusual addition to the table'."  Nellie impatiently said "Blah, blah, blah.  I shook hands with a seal at Sea World.  There's no way I'm going to eat one.  It would be like eating a pet."  Bannister told Nellie "Have you seen a video of seals out hunting?  They're vicious."  "No but I saw a vid where a seal tried to feed penguins to a man.  She wanted to keep him alive.  No, I won't eat any seals.  But do they have any bear meat?  I've heard that's very tasty."  Tracy said "Only if you trim all the fat off, hang and smoke the meat for at least twenty-one days.  Some people make sausage in a 50/50 ratio with pork, and others like to cook it all day in a crock pot.  My dad's a hunter."  

Aluki returned with the drinks, and was ready to take their food orders.  They all wanted Alaskan King Crab legs with fresh tossed salad and rice.  After she left, Sophia said "Today's been kind of boring.  There's nothing in Barrow.  And Prudhoe Bay is just these giant oil rigs."  Bannister said "But you enjoyed the ride in the hovercraft."  Connie said "I agree with Sophia.  Denali Park is more interesting.  At least there's plants and trees out here."  Lupe said "Well, do you guys want to leave Alaska?"  Nellie said "No, I want to see Ariel Tweto."

 Bannister said "I just remembered... Tomorrow is the second Saturday in June."  Sophia said "So?"  Lupe said "That's right.  Remember the weekend last year when people from Russia and the US decided to have a giant party on the US/Russian border."  Tracy said "Out in the middle of the Bering Sea?  Oh yeah, I remember now.  The Russians told their rulers they had enough of their saber rattling baloney with the United States.  And as a gesture of goodwill ten cruise ships gathered together between the two Diomede Islands right on the border between the US and Russia.  Thousands of Russians and Americans came together and partied all weekend long."  Lupe smiled "Let's do it."  
They voted to fly out early in the morning to Unalakleet.  Lupe said "Connie, Ariel's around your mom's age.  Have her contact Ariel so we can pick her up and take her with us.  We'll need two or three Blackhawks in Unalakleet to take us to the cruise ships.  I'll get with Cletus on that."  Connie called Norma...  ring ring ring ring... "Not now Connie.  Later."  "Mom if you don't talk to me we'll go over and bang on your door.  Seriously mom, we need your help."  "What is it?..."  Connie told her about joining the party and bringing Ariel with them.  "Mom, even though she's your age, we still like her.  We think she'll be a lot of fun."  "My age!  I'm only 32."  "That's ok mom, we still love you."  By this time Connie had it on speakerphone and the girls were cracking up."  "That's not funny you little rascals.  I can still kick your butts...  Well maybe not Tracy's."  Tracy said "That's right Mrs. PC.  But will you help us?"  "Ok, I'll call her."  "Don't you want her phone number?"  "Larry has everybody's phone number.  We'll be in the lodge in a half an hour.  See you later."     
Lupe asked if everybody had their universal language translator for tomorrow.  She continued "You know who could help us with this?  Natasha Kabinski."  Tracy said "She's quickly becoming your right hand woman.  She a walking talking living breathing genius like you."  Lupe smiled "A shucks, don't stop there, go on."
Molly added "That's a good idea.  But right now she's probably taking up the slack because of your absence."  Bannister said "I met her as she was deep into some work at the research center."  Tracy said "Plus she works evenings and on the weekends at a nice restaurant.  It's her way to get out and be around people."  Lupe said "I'm bringing her over."  She grabbed Mike, walked into a restroom then Blinked to the center.  She phoned Natasha to see if she was at work.  "Good you're still here.  If you don't mind I need you to join us in Alaska."  "Of course.  I'm walking down section 2A right now."  "Ok, I'm in front of our main laboratory.  There you are."  Natasha took Lupe's hand and the three Blinked to Natasha's home to pack a bag.  "Ready?  Great." Lupe Blinked them back to the lodge and quickly checked her in.  She thanked Mike as he went back to eat.  They saw Norma and Larry on their way into the dining area.  Norma suggested "Why don't we sit together?"  Lupe said "That's ok.  We don't want to be too conspicuous.  And besides I'm sure you older folks want to talk about other things.  Right?"  Norma said "Ouch, you really know how to hurt a person."  "I'm sorry Auntie Norma; it's just that we need to do some preliminary planning for the party tomorrow.  And of course you're coming along too."  Norma smiled. "Go sit down before I kick your skinny little butt."  "Thank you, Auntie Norma.  There's my dad and K'akana.  You could sit with them."  "Sure... Put the old folks together.  Canija."
Natasha just had her 24th birthday.  She is a Russian from Vladivostok who has a doctorate in physics from New Mexico State University, one of the best science and engineering schools in the world.  She's a member of Lupe's inner circle of scientists experimenting on all the nuances of Blinking.  
Connie saw Lupe. "We were wondering when you'd come back."  Natasha in her beautiful Russian accent said "Hello everybody, it's nice to see you.  Lupe told me about tomorrow.  Sounds like a good way to let our hair down and have some fun.  Lupe thought having me along would make the Russians we talk to feel more comfortable."  Natasha continued "Are there any ships that will allow people less than eighteen years of age?"  Bannister said "I checked and eight require you to be eighteen or over.  That leaves two to choose from.  These two will allow people to chopper in as long as they leave before midnight.  And the choppers can be parked on either of the two Diomede Islands while we're onboard.  I like the Crown Princess myself.  They have party rooms on every level and a giant open top deck with a stage."  Lupe spoke very low so only the group could hear. "Listen, we're going there to have fun.  But we need to be safe.  We'll have Tracy's strength chemicals.  Molly will be able to scan, but she can't be everywhere at once.  People are unpredictable.  They could easily turn into a mob.  So part of Natasha's job will be to observe all the Russians around us, talking to them to get a better feeling if they are dangerous or not.  Just because we're very strong won't make us invincible.  Like a good whiff of chloroform could knock us out at least for a few minutes.  Natasha is extremely observant and an instant thinker.  So all I'm saying is let's not be complacent.  Even if agents are all around us.  Remember two years ago at the museum?  That's proof enough."  Connie added in a normal voice "Bottom line is we have fun and stay safe."  
Norma heard Connie as she was walking over. "Hey I'm for that, mija.  Listen, I just spoke with Ariel.  She wasn't planning on going because of work.  This time of year there's lots of flights.  Larry offered her an experienced traffic controller and five planes with pilots free of charge to take the load off and she took it."
Unalakleet and the USA Russian border 
Saturday, June 8, 2019.  The girls landed midmorning at Unalakleet.  Ariel was standing on the tarmac waiting to greet them.  Norma said "My youngest daughter demanded we come here just so she could meet you."  "You mentioned that when you called.  Where is she?"  "She's doing some post flight.  She'll be out in a minute."  "She's a pilot?"  "Oh, here she comes.  Nellie, I'd like you to meet Ariel Tweto."  Nellie smiled and shook her hand. "I've watched every one of your Flying Wild Alaska shows."  "You flew this jet?"  "Yes."  "Norma Corona is an incredible person, but I didn't know about her kid."  "Gee thanks.  You know, for your age you are in unbelievable shape.  And you're really funny."  Ariel laughed. "I'll go ahead and take that as a compliment."  Norma said "She thinks anybody over thirty is ancient.  Would you mind if Hanna interviews you?   Then you can show us around Unalakleet?"  "It would be my pleasure.  Let's go inside."
  
The girls gathered around while Hanna interviewed Ariel in the small terminal area.  They talked about poverty before the Big Change, and how the Eskimos were very close even though they lived in small villages far away from each other.   Free of charge, her dad would ferry kids between villages to participate in significant celebrations like high school proms.  She also talked about the loneliness and not having anything to do and nowhere to go because there was no money and no transportation.  Suicide especially among the younger Eskimos was a bitter reality before the BC.  Ariel's dad often had the sad task of transporting caskets and relatives of the deceased to funerals.  And of course he did it without charging a penny.  Actually, he often paid for the funeral and purchased new clothes for the family who attended as respect for this horrific problem of youth suicide.  But after the People of the United States decided to be a free nation they made sure this tragedy ended.  Towns were rebuilt with huge recreation centers.  Highways and landing strips were built to connect all the villages.  Money was no longer a tool that held the Eskimo down.  All teens were taught how to fly.  And a good wholesome store of food was maintained at every Eskimo village.  

The girls didn't fully understand how life was up here before the BC.  After the interview they all gave Ariel a group hug and went up and hugged her dad sitting behind the counter.

The remainder of the day was spent touring and visiting the townspeople.  Most of the pre BC buildings had been torn down.  The population of Unalakleet went from 700 to 7,500.  Many families in remote villages decided to move to Unalakleet because they had built a huge school that accommodated over five thousand students.  They also built a modern shopping mall with a bowling alley and several indoor racquet, tennis, and basketball courts. 

Lupe asked why Barrow wasn't built up like Unalakleet.  The easy answer... too darned cold.  A majority wanted to live further south and this town was one of those chosen to be improved. 

For his decades of service to the native people, Mr. Tweto was given the best the Eskimos could provide.  His family's new home is a castle with indoor everything like a pool, running track, and tennis court.  He wouldn't take no for an answer when he offered to have the crew stay overnight at his home.  Hundreds of villagers came to an impromptu party he gave for his special guests that night.  It was a great evening for the girls because they came to know many of the villagers their age.  Nellie fell in love with one of them.  And, most of the young boys flocked around Sophia.  

Sunday morning, June 9, 2019.  They flew out to the US side of the Diomede Islands.  The Secret Service was already on the Crown Princess.  It had a large helipad and a good mix of old and young people.  After receiving clearance the choppers moved the girls to the ship.  

This outing was a bad decision.  A little too wild and crazy with not enough private security.   The ship had a mix of Russians and Americans.  Muse was playing Hysteria on the top level.  The place was packed with screaming people.  Norma, Larry, Tony, K'akana, and Ariel headed downstairs to party where it wasn't so raucous.  The girls stayed on top and went to the back where there was more room.  Some Russian guys in their late teens approached the girls and asked if they'd like to dance.  They were nice and cute so they accepted.  A seventeen year old asked Sophia if she liked older guys and started coming on to her.  That's when things started turning bad.  Connie told him to get lost.  He pushed her and she threw him across the crowd.  Natasha stepped in and told the other Russian boys to get lost or they would meet the same fate.  So they went to get their "friends".  The girls tried to go downstairs but it was very difficult.  Many of the partiers were drunk and grabbing girls' body parts.  Tracy took the lead and started pushing people aside.  That didn't work out so well because Tracy was being too physical and a mini-riot ensued.  Nellie caused the most damage as bodies started flying.  They finally made it off the top level.  Molly had detected most of the crowd was on drugs of one kind or another.  They had enough and Blinked back to the lodge.  Lupe called her dad about the craziness.  He said it was just fine three decks down.  But they decided better safe than sorry, so Norma Blinked them to the White Sands research facility where they erased Ariel's memories of that day.  Ariel later woke up at her home not knowing how she got there.  Natasha was in the middle of an important project so Lupe Blinked her back to White Sands.

Chicago
The girls spent the night at the lodge and stayed another day to relax and visit with Norma, Larry, Toni, and K'akana.  Then early morning, Tuesday, June 11, 2019, the girls left Alaska.  They had enough of the wilderness and opted for a big city.  Nellie landed the 8x at Chicago O'Hare late in the day.  They spent the night at a five star hotel downtown.  

Wednesday morning, June 12, 2019.  Lupe had insisted they go to Chicago so she could visit the memorial and burial place for little Millie who died on Dec 24, 2013.  A small building was constructed at the spot where she and her mother froze to death.  Their bodies are lying together ten feet beneath the floor in a titanium enclosure.  Lupe asked the group to stay outside while she went in.  On display were pictures taken immediately after the bodies were found.  Millie and her mother were frozen to death holding each other as close as possible.  The memorial also had on display their clothing which included Millie's threadbare coat and a letter written by her mother to those who found them asking if they would, please give them a decent burial.  She wrote down their names, birth dates and a brief history.  This horrible tragedy caused an outcry all across America.  Many billionaires were slaughtered and their homes were burned to the ground as the Big Change formally got underway.

Lupe was granted the right to hold little Millie's coat.  She read the barely legible note written by her mother that night.  A portion of it said: "My name is Sandra Smith, born June 21, 1989 in Jackson, MS.  My daughter is Millie Smith, born June 23, 2007 in Jackson, MS.  I'm afraid it's too cold.  Millie saw an eating place still open and we looked in the window.  She told me she wanted a cup of hot chocolate.  It's so cold out here tonight.  We tried to go in and warm up, but they told us we had to leave.  There was a small room with benches before you walk in the restaurant but they said our kind wasn't allowed in.  We walked for five blocks to a shelter but it was full.  Tried restrooms but they were locked.  I'm tired and sick.  If it's God's will to take us tonight, all I ask is please give us a decent burial.  Lay us together and say on the gravestone that I tried to be a good mother.  I honestly tried."  Sandra requested that they please play 'Since I've laid my burdens down' at their funeral.  To honor her request the People of the United States ordered it to be played inside their memorial.

Lupe cried as she was holding Millie's coat close wishing she was still alive.  She was sitting on the floor rocking back and forth holding her.   Sobbing, she loudly said "Being homeless is the worst crime society can commit against its people.  Millie, I swear to you I won't let it happen again.  Never to me, my papi, or anyone else.  Not to anybody!  You have my solemn promise."  Lupe stayed on the floor holding Millie for a good thirty minutes sitting with her back to the public, silently grieving while thinking about her own hard life when she was homeless.  Four massive secret service agents, Cletus, Mike, Alvin, and Tom stood around her with their arms crossed as people slowly passed in and out of the memorial.  A young girl was walking by with her mother.   She pulled away and walked up to Lupe and put her hand on her shoulder and neck.  Mike was about to move the girl back.  Cletus grabbed his arm and shook his head no.  With an innocent little voice the girl said "Don't be sad.  It's ok. We fixed it.  I want you to feel better now."  Lupe rose and carefully handed the coat to Cletus.  She stepped forward to the girl, got down on one knee and looked up at her sweet smiling concerned face.  "Yes we did.  What's your name?  My name is Millie, just like the girl."  Lupe stood, turned to Cletus "Make sure you get this girl's full name and address.  I want to know what happens in her life from this point forward."  Lupe turned back. "Thanks for your caring words.  When I was a little girl during that time I was homeless too."  Lupe looked at her mother. "But I'll make sure it will never happen to you or anyone else."  Lupe smiled and wiped the tears off her cheeks.  The mother saw extreme emotional pain, so she hugged Lupe and said "All of us are making sure of that.  We're a family now and we don't allow that anymore.  So like my daughter suggested, maybe the time for grief is over.  Let's look forward to our bright future.  To your bright future.  Ok?"  Lupe paused... and said "Thanks, you're right.  I guess I just needed to hear someone actually say it."

The lady looked closely into Lupe's eyes "I video recorded the memorial service in DC last year.  I play the new young Pioneers speeches every once in a while for my daughter.  Your eyes look very much like the girl who invented Blinking and seeing your guards, you may actually be her.  If you are, then thank you for the gift.  And even if you aren't, if you would ever like to have dinner with us please give me a call.  We would love to have you."  The mother hugged her again and said goodbye.  Millie hugged her too.  Lupe felt like a giant load had been lifted off her shoulders.  She breathed out and smiled.  She giggled and pointed looking at Cletus and then to the lady walking away.  Across the room he caught up with her.  As the lady was giving him her information she smiled back at Lupe.  Her name is Ima Watson. 

After they left, Lupe said "Cletus, please check and see if she's a security risk.  If not, I want us to have dinner with them tonight."  He said "I'll do a background and see if she is amenable to dinner.  But you need talk with the other girls.  Is that ok?"  "Sure."

Lupe walked outside "I just met the nicest girl and her mother.  She invited me over for dinner.  Is it ok with you guys if we go?"  Lupe's eyes were bloodshot from crying.  They all knew this was an extremely difficult moment in her life.  Whether it was coincidence or predestined fate, Lupe needed to be with that young girl that night.  

The dinner was for Lupe and her close friends.  So, Hanna and Hazel decided not to go.  Instead they went to see a live performance of Mama Mia at the Cadillac Palace Theater.

A little before 7:00 Lupe walked up and rang the doorbell.  She could hear Millie on the other side shouting "Momma, answer the door!"  After a few moments the door opened.  Ima said "Hello, come in.  Oh my.  I only cooked for three."  Lupe said "Don't worry, we brought a bunch of goodies to eat.  But I do want to taste some of your cooking.  I'm sure it's delicious."

"Let me introduce you and Millie to my friends."  Lupe was very nervous because she wanted to make the best impression.  "These are my neighbors Connie, Sophia, and Nellie."  "Nice to meet you.  My name is Ima."  "And this is Tracy, Molly, and Bannister.  We go to school together."  Ima noticed no last names were given.  "It's nice meeting you."  "And this is my sister Summer."  She immediately recognized Summer and said it's an honor to meet all of you.  Please come and sit down.  We're a little short on chairs."  Lupe said "Not a problem", as Mike was at the door bringing in a bunch of cushioned folding chairs and several folding tables.  He set them up in Ima's large country kitchen.   Several more security guards came in and placed boxes of food on the kitchen counter tops.   They walked out and quietly closed the door behind them.  

Summer said "Millie, you gonna help us set the food up?"  Millie anxiously asked "Whatcha got?  Humm... it smells really good.  I'll set the cake right here.  I love chocolate cake."  Lupe said "It's called Boston cream pie.  It's my favorite.  And this is called German chocolate cake.  Hope you like coconut."  Millie laughed and said "I'm cuckoo for coconuts."  Millie turned to Lupe and asked "So why are you being so nice to me?"  Even though Millie understood she was a very special child she wanted to know how much Lupe actually knew about her.  Millie said "I'm nobody special.  I'm not like your sister."  Lupe bent down to her face level. "Don't you ever say you're nobody special.  Everybody is special in their own way.  They just have to find it.  Once they do, they can fly into the far reaches of their imagination and actually be that special person."  While Lupe was conversing with Millie, Ima suggested they put off dinner for a while and visit in the living room.

Molly scanned Ima and was highly impressed.  She said "Ima, tell us about yourself.  Other than raising an incredible child, what other things do you do?"  Ima looked at each girl seeing they were more or less in their middle teens "I know it's boring for most people, but I'm an auditor, a CPA.  Bannister said "You seem very young."  "Yes, people tell me I have a baby face.  Actually I'm twenty-six.  The People supported me while I attended college.  I was paid the minimum of $10,000 a month because attending college is considered work.  The only catch was I had to have a GPA of 2.8 or higher.   Having a daughter gave me the incentive to work hard, so I graduated with a 4.0."  Tracy said "That's very good.  Did you ever consider going into the field of biology?"  "No, I can't.  I faint at the sight of blood.  And I couldn't handle seeing my patients die.  And anyway I really love being an auditor.  It's like being a private investigator."  Connie asked "Like you spy on people?"  "Sometimes, so I can learn more about them.  What they project versus who they really are."  Nellie was impressed.  Millie walked over to Nellie. "Hey, you want to check out my doll collection?  It's in my bedroom.  Is that ok, mom?"  "Sure.  But come back soon so we can eat."  

Millie shut bedroom door and asked "Ok, why are you really here.  A young Pioneer is sitting in my living room.  That's just crazy.  And for what I know the Blinker, the mind reader, and the strength girl are here too."  Nellie answered "What?"  Millie continued "We don't even know you, and you're acting like we're your best friends.  Come on... spill the beans."  Nellie laughed and laughed. "There's no beans.  I can't even eat beans cause I fart too much."  Millie was standing with her hands on her hips, tapping her foot on the floor looking straight at Nellie.  Nellie said "Let me see your doll collection and I'll talk to you.  How old are you?"  "Nine, almost ten."  "I don't normally like dolls but these are really cool.  Dolls from all over the world.  Wow!"  Nellie examined each one and pretty soon had them conversing with each other, each with a different accent of course.  After a while Millie said "Well?"  "Ok, here it is.  Lupe was homeless when she was your age.  Her mother left her and her dad.  He wasn't making enough money so they took her away from him and put her in a foster home.  Then they told her that her dad died, but he really didn't.  It wasn't until the BC happened that her dad was able to find her and they became a family again.  The whole thing was very hard on Lupe's spirit...  So how does that involve you?  I have no idea except Lupe felt something from you.  Maybe you're kindred spirits from another life, if there is such a thing.  Heck, I don't know.  Bottom line is we are all here for Lupe.  She likes you.  That means we like you too.  Ok?"

After a long pause Millie said "She's the girl who invented Blinking.  I could tell when I shook her hand and looked into her eyes.  The story you told me confirms it."  After a short pause she said "I know why she felt something from me, but that's a secret.  I've looked at the video of the young Pioneers at least a dozen times.  They showed me that age doesn't matter.  What matters is a constant thirst for knowledge and to never give up.  I want to... no... I am going to be like her when I grow up.  In fact, in a way I already am."  Nellie said "I don't know what you're talking about."  Millie said "When we go back into the living room, I'll treat Lupe like my big sister.  I think she needs that.  They played for a while, but Millie got bored.  You ready to go?"  "What about the dolls?"  "Forget the dolls; I'm getting too old for them anyway.  Come on, let's go."

While Millie and Nellie were away looking at dolls, the conversation in the living room moved to why Ima was single.  She said "My husband was five years older than me.  When we met, he was already out of college and had a well-paying job.  I was sixteen turning seventeen when we got married.  He was very handsome and charismatic.  But just before the BC he left me for a man.  Lupe said "A what?"  "That's right.  Cecil Falcon Munoz, that's his name... Cecil is a totally self-absorbed narcissistic egotistical human being."  Tracy laughed "Wow, don't hold back.  Tell us how you really feel."  All the girls laughed.  "It's not so funny when it's happening to you.  He's never spent over three minutes thinking about anyone other than himself and his unquenchable drive for money and power.  He thinks of a person as a plus or a negative.  Will they help him financially or otherwise, or will they hurt him?  He feels people are nothing more than pawns to be moved on a chess board to advance the game to his favor."  

"Cecil was so conceited he even wrote a poem... to himself!  And then I found out he plagiarized it from some guy named Charles Finn.  Here let me pull it out of this drawer.  I keep it to remind me of how nuts he really is and how careful I need to be in the future when choosing a mate.  Here it is.  Let me read it to you:  'Don't be fooled by me.  Don't be fooled by the face I wear.  For I wear a mask.  I wear a thousand masks... masks that I'm afraid to take off and none of them are me.  Pretending is an art that's second nature with me but don't be fooled, for God's sake, don't be fooled.  I give you the impression that I'm secure, that all is sunny and unruffled with me within as well as without, that confidence is my name and coolness my game, that the water's calm and I'm in command, and that I need no one.  But don't believe me.  Please!  My surface may be smooth but my surface is my mask, my ever-varying and ever-concealing mask.  Beneath lies no smugness, no complacence.  Beneath dwells the real me in confusion, in fear, in aloneness.'  ...And it goes on for several pages like this.  So what I had for a husband was a fearful little child, who made up for his mental deficiencies by using people to advance himself both financially and... sexually..."  Tracy said "Yuk!"  Ima went on. "By that I mean he found out his boss was filthy rich and he was gay, so guess what?  Cecil suddenly became gay too."  Sophia said "What a complete jerk.  Couldn't you see that in him when you started the relationship?"  "Yes, a little bit.  All the warning lights went off in my head, but he was just so handsome, smart, and successful.  And he wore those masks so damn well.  But as it turned out he was nothing more than a spiritually worthless empty person."  

Molly said "Ok.  We covered Cecil ad nauseam.  Does he ever see his daughter?"  "He left when she was two and hasn't seen her since."  Tracy cheerfully smiled. "That's probably a good thing.  She doesn't need to learn to pretend or be afraid or confused or any of those things a mental patient in a lock up ward experiences."  Lupe laughed. "That's very true.  Humm...  I kind of wish that little bitch of a man would have experienced what it was like be homeless.  To be discarded like yesterday's garbage.  To be left to sleep under a bridge somewhere and maybe die from exposure or starvation."  Tracy stopped her. "Lupe, that's enough.  Let it go.  It's over with.  I'm the one with anger issues, not you."  Lupe smiled. "I'm not angry.  I just don't like users.  Selfish scheming bitches like him seem to always get the gold while good people always get the shaft."  Summer said "Not anymore since the BC..."  Lupe cut in "Yes, yes, you're right.  We have enough money to be happy, but money can't mend a broken heart, or make right false words spoken."  Molly laughed. "Give us time and we'll figure out a way for us all to see people's true intentions."  She looked at Lupe. "Like seeing into their future."  Molly looked at Ima and thought "Oops... said too much."  Tracy added "But would we really want to see inside a crazy person's mind?"  Molly put her index finger up to her lips silently telling Tracy to change the subject.  Ima understood and accommodatingly changed it. "Wonder how the girls are doing?"  She called out "Millie... You guys doing ok?"
Millie and Nellie had just walked into the living room when Ima called out.  "Geeze mom, we're right here.  Is it time to eat yet?  What's good besides that awesome Boston Cream Pie?"  Ima stood. "Why don't we move to the kitchen and enjoy the wonderful bounty Lupe brought."  The hungry faces agreed.  Bannister walked to the kitchen counter.  As she opened the boxes that locked the heat in she said "Looks like a little of everything.  Who likes chile rellenos?"  Millie asked "What's that?"  Lupe answered "It's food from the gods.  It's a long thick green sandia chile roasted to perfection over mesquite wood.  Then it's split lengthwise and a juicy slice of asedero cheese is lovingly placed inside.  Then the chile is dipped in a special cornmeal batter and deep fried to perfection."  Millie smiled. "That sounds delicious.  What else you got?"  Lupe walked over and opened another box.  "Oh my... Maurice really outdid himself this time."  Millie asked "Who?"  By now everyone was standing at the counter taking in the selection. "Maurice is a master chef from France.  His cooking is like heaven on earth.  This is called Coquilles Saint-Jacques.  It's a classic French dish of scallops poached in white wine, placed atop a purée of mushrooms in a scallop shell, covered with a sauce made of the scallop poaching liquid, and gratinéed under a broiler."
Millie scratched her head. "What are scallops?"  Tracy said "They're a type of clam or mollusk.  They have two shells called valves that are hinged along a place called the sagittal plane.  Most bi-valves attach to the bottom of the ocean, but scallops like to swim around.  They get their food by moving water through their body.  They don't have a head and..."  Millie said "That's ok, I know what they are now. They're in phylum Mollusca, class bivalvia, order ostreoida, suborder pectinoida, superfamily pectinoidea, and family pectinidae."  Lupe smiled at Tracy "Looks like she's got it down, girl."
Lupe continued "And this is called Bouillabaisse.  It's a saffron flavored stew with different types of fish and shellfish.  And these are pizzas, but Maurice calls it Flammekueche.  And this is quiche Lorraine.  It's really tasty.  And these are escargots or snails."  Millie looked up at Lupe "People really eat snails?"  "Sure.  He also included some gorditas, which means little fat girls.  They're very good.  And I really love this stuff.  It's called gallina en mole.  It's epic.  Molly says it's so good 'It make you wanna slap your mama'."    
They filled their plates and sat down.  Lupe asked "If you don't mind I would like to give thanks before we eat.  Summer, would you give the blessing?"  "Sure."  They held hands and Summer prayed "Great Spirit, we thank you for this food and for these wonderful friends.  Humbly we ask You to guide us to peaceful ways.  Let us be seen in beauty like the colors of the rainbow.  We pray for harmony between people, the earth, and the universe.  Let us show love and goodwill for all life and land.  Keep our minds clear and pure as high mountain spring waters.  This we humbly ask.  Amen."  Millie sitting next to Lupe looked up and asked "Can we dig in now?"  "Go for it, kid."  

She placed a tiny sampling of everything on her plate except the snails.  She took a bite of the quiche. "Mmm... This is good."  Lupe looked down at Millie. "So what grade are you in?"  "I'm going into fourth in September."  "What do you like best about school?"  "Well, I like playing with all my friends.  Class sometimes gets boring, so we pass notes around."  "You do?"  "This boy named Dennis Neal sat behind me last year.  He was always asking me how to do math problems.  Miss Gallegos was always getting mad at me for talking to him, so I started writing out how to do them.  Then Dennis would give Maureen Wine behind him my note.  Miss Gallegos saw the note being passed around and demanded to know who wrote it."  Lupe said "Sounds like Miss Gallegos didn't like the competition."  Millie said "She wasn't very friendly.  I didn't like her."  Lupe said "A good teacher makes a big difference in a kid's life.  Doesn't your school use the HAL teaching computers?"  "In my school they're for sixth graders and up.  But I like to surf the internet at home."  Lupe said "HAL should be for first graders and up.  At least during some parts of the day.  So what subjects do you like?"  Millie looked at her mom. "I like math.  Mom's a CPA so she works with numbers all day.  Last year she showed me some algebra, like how to solve for x in terms of y.  And she showed me quadratic equations and how to graph out the answers.  Mom showed me vectors, matrices, polynomials, and geometry.  Then she brought in what she calls the three dimensional world of trigonometry.  Then she showed me how the quadratic formula can be incorporated into trigonometry.  Then I mastered linear algebra.  And last month she showed me some differential and integral calculus.  Calculus is really interesting but mom doesn't understand it very well.

Lupe smiled. "Not many people do."  Millie continued "And last year when I asked Miss Gallegos to help me solve for a slope of a line she told me to get back to the math problems in class.  I showed her where I wrote out all the answers and said I had some free time so I needed her to help me with the slope thing."  Lupe said "Let me guess.  Instead of saying she didn't know the answer, she got mad at you."  "Yes.  She said if I try to learn all that complicated math it will get me mixed up so I should just stick to the book and do what third graders are supposed to do."  Connie said "That's a pile of crap."

Millie continued "Mom's been showing me how Excel works.  You know the matrix thing.  It's really cool.  I can do stuff like figuring the hypotenuse of a right triangle.  But after doing it a few times it gets really boring.  So mom showed me other things like the logic functions in Excel.  You know, using the IF, AND, and OR comparisons.  That was interesting.  Then she showed me other functions like count, date, math, text, database, lookup, statistical, and some financial  functions."  Then she showed me how to build indexed relational databases.  I liked the old Paradox program using SQL the best.  Lupe asked "Was all the math and structuring interesting?"  Millie said "In a way.  But once mom explained something and we did it a few times, it became old.  Anybody can understand all that tiny stuff that doesn't mean much."  Lupe asked "What do you mean?"  "Well I like to think of the physical world around us as a puzzle board.  Each piece represents something.  Then math helps put all the pieces together so we can see the whole picture.  Why waste time playing with numbers when we should be out there understanding how to see and measure stuff.  We need to see more of the pieces not develop relationships between the pieces we already know about.  Mmm.  This bite of chile relleno is really good.  I hope you don't mind that I took a small bite of everything instead of eating only one thing.  I love variety.  I've often wondered why people eat just one thing when they could taste lots of different stuff at the same time.  But I wouldn't blend them together because each delicious flavor would get lost.  I'd put them separately on a plate like I did here."  Lupe said "Oh, yeah?"  Millie continued "I see each one of these dishes like a mini orchestra where together yet separately they sound much better than totally apart.  You see what I'm saying."  Lupe smiled. "I do.  So what type of puzzle pieces do you want to know more about?"  Millie put her fork down. "I want to know everything.  Like when I smell this chicken in mole sauce I know what's happening.  It's telling me it smells very good.  So what goes on in my mind that tells me something stinks or smells good?  And what causes those feelings and sensations.  And I don't want to know what area of the brain is doing this.  I want to know exactly what is happening at the lowest level to create the message.  And then I want to know how the message travels.  And how our mind goes back into our memory to let us know it's the same smell as before.  And how it tells us when something is a new smell.  Then I want to create a new kind of math to sketch it together.  To do this I have to start with completely understanding the human cell especially DNA and the thousands of microRNAs.  Once I get there then I can go into understanding specialization.  In other words, how to create and direct all possible types of cell specialization.  Then I'll go into intra and inter cell communication.  And then understanding the forces inside an atom that make up molecules in the cells.  How can the distance between the nucleus of an atom to the electrons be so immense.  Something is going on there.   And then after that I want to understand consciousness.  The consciousness we feel, then explore if there are other types of conscious that we don't see, other ways to realize existence and what doors of realization that would open.  I want to question the concept of awareness and exactly what that means for us limited human beings and what it could mean for other types of sentient beings elsewhere in the universe.  I even want to know if there is something out there beyond our concept of what a universe is and what alternatives or other realities exist beyond this universe.  Because I know this existence that we perceive around us isn't the whole story.  I'm betting it's just a speck.  Mmm.  You need to try this pizza...  I'm getting kind of full, Lupe.  Would you eat the rest of this slice for me."  By now all the other girls except Lupe had stopped eating and were dumbfoundedly staring at Millie.  Lupe smiled. "Here, hand it to me.  Sounds like you're bumping up against a wall that's keeping you from learning more."  "I never thought of it that way but maybe you're right.  I do get on the internet all the time to look things up.  But my approach isn't organized.  It's more random."  Lupe said "Maybe I can help by developing a logical course of study that doesn't hold you back."  Millie sat her fork down and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and took a drink.  "If you have the time that would be great.  That Boston cream pie looks really good.  Is it too soon to have a slice?  I'm kind of full, but a tiny slice wouldn't hurt."  Lupe said "Sure.  Get yourself a slice.  Listen, I have a good friend named Natasha.  She knows all about the physical world, like how much force it takes for 100 pounds to go to the moon and back.  Or she could show you what a super conductor is.  She's really good.  Then Tracy here could show you a bunch of things about the human body like how mitochondria in your cells create energy."  Millie said "I can already compute the energy required to move an object to the moon and back including the slingshot effect of the moon's gravity.  And, I understand superconductors.  It's room temperature super conductors that I want to completely understand.  And I know the components of cells.  But I'm sure Natasha and Tracy can bring me up to speed with the limits of their knowledge on various topics I'm interested in and we could work together to discover more. That would be interesting."  Lupe added "And I could show you some new types of math I've developed that will help better organize, or as you call it sketch all the new stuff you guys are discovering."

Nellie got Millie's attention and announced "You wanted an answer to your question.  I think this is it."  Ima asked "What question?"  Millie said "They're treating us like long lost friends.  I just wanted to know why?"  Lupe looked at Millie. "You walked over to me this morning and touched my shoulder.  I felt an energy coming from you that relaxed me; your hand seemed to be a vent that all my sorrows emptied into.  I know it sounds weird but let's face it... all of us sitting here are a little weird.  But weird in a good way."  Millie said "You know, I can relax and look at the back of a person's head and get them to turn around and look at me.  Is that the kind of weird you're talking about?"  Lupe laughed, putting her arm around Millie "Exactly.  I used to do it too when I was your age."  Ima looked very surprised with Lupe's statement.  Millie's face lit up with a big smile. "Are we like the movie X-Men, only we're X-Girls instead.  Lupe leaned back in her chair, and with a serious face said "Maybe so, Millie, maybe so."  Tracy said "They used the word mutant to describe themselves.  I didn't like the inference that mutants are freaks.  As we all know two people contributing a haploid number of DNA will cause the offspring by definition to be a mutation or a variant of the parents.  And on top of that epigenetics has taught us that duplicate DNA like from twins can vary because of environmental influences."  Millie sneaking a smile said "Boy is that ever true."  Molly inserted "They were talking about extreme differences."  Tracy replied "We could have extreme differences occurring right now.  Just because you can't readily identify major differences, it doesn't mean they're not there.  In fact, some traits lie dormant for generations and don't surface until something like a specific type of change or event is placed on the human."  Millie smiled and looked at the girls sitting around her and said "Tracy's making a good point.  The person sitting next to you could have traits you couldn't even imagine."

Ima was becoming somewhat stressed with the topic of conversation, so she stood up.  "Here let me slice up the cakes, and give you all a piece.  I notice you brought a hot cocoa dispenser.  Would anyone care for some with their desert?"  Nellie said "Of course, we looove hot chocolate.  Especially when it's cold outside."  That statement brought Lupe back to freezing from the cold weather on Christmas Eve of 2013.  Lupe said to Millie "You know what, I believe little Millie wanted us to meet so I could help you, and in return I believe you'll help us make this world a better place.  I can see now that you are a divergent.  And you're at the perfect age to absorb a mountain of information.  If you like that idea, I'll make sure it happens."  Lupe hugged her. "Is that ok?"  As Millie's face was being scrunched up against Lupe she said "Sure, but don't squeeze so hard.  What do you eat for breakfast?  Rocks?"  Everybody around the table laughed and laughed.

A little later, Millie stood up while everyone else was enjoying their chocolate cake and Boston cream pie.  "Listen, I just want you to know I know who you are.  Having you help me learn is a gift greater than anything I could ever imagine.  I'm sure Molly has looked into my mind and she'll tell you I'll keep all of this to myself." (Molly sitting next to Lupe whispered "I couldn't get a reading on her.")  Millie looked at the girls individually "Because before I become your age I will be one of you."  Tracy said "Inquisitive and totally confident!  You're just like me except there's no nemesis driving you."  Millie said "You mean like with Maslow's hierarchy of needs, where people take action based on their needs?"  "Yeah, I googled it.  I'd like to think I'm like Lupe because her primary need is to observe, to question, to understand, to discover, and to see beyond.  Her main motivation is her thirst for knowledge.  That in itself is extraordinary."  Molly said "Lupe, she has an eidetic memory.  That's almost exactly what Elon said."  Lupe chuckled. "Aw shucks Millie, don't stop.  I love it when people say nice things about me."  Millie replied "Now you're being silly.  This hot chocolate is awesome."

Bannister leaned back in her chair and breathed out. "I ate too much.  Instead of walking they're going to have to roll me out."  Connie said "Me too.  Why don't we go for a walk and get this food to move down to our legs."  Tracy laughed. "I hear it doesn't work that way, but we can give it try.  Are you up for a walk, Ima?"  "Only if you can get your guys to clean up while we're gone.  I could really go for that."  Lupe said "Sure.  We'll fill your fridge with leftovers and take the rest away.  One of the security guys named Alvin is very fastidious.  I guarantee this kitchen will be sparkling clean when we get back. 

Nellie and Millie were the first ones out the door walking far in front of the group.  Nellie said "I'd get claustrophobic if I had to live here.  All you see is sides of tall buildings."  Millie responded "But it's fun looking at the variety of people.  And we have a park a few blocks from here where I can ride my bike."  "What kind of bike you got?"  "A wethepeople Envy."  "Damn girl, that's some serious 20's.  You trickin yet?"  "Some, but mom won't let me do quarter-pipes.  She says I'm not ready.  Mom has a bike too.  She's been showing me tricks like bar spins and bunnyhops.  I finally did a double-peg a few days ago."  "Sounds like you got a cool mom.  Do they have BMX tracks in Chicago?  I've got a track at my house where I practice."  "Yes, but the closest one is a couple miles from here.  What kind of bike you got?"  "It's a Redline Flight Pro with 20's."  "Wow, those are hard to find.  Have you won any races?"  "I haven't actually raced yet.  Too many other things going on."  "Dad has me doing martial arts.  Right now it's karate."  Millie said "Mom has me studying Judo.  She says I have to master that before I do any other martial arts."  Nellie said "That's true.  I'm a first dan black belt in Judo and I just made black belt in Wad?-ry?.  Does your mom do martial arts?"  "Yeah, she's a 4 dan Wad?-ry?."

Millie asked "So what else you do?"  "My dad says there's gonna be times when your hands and feet aren't enough.  He tells me never carry a knife to a gun fight.  So I'm being trained in all kinds of weaponry."  Millie stopped. "Do you live a dangerous life?"  "Sometimes."  Millie said "I thought the BC made it safe for everybody."  "It is safe.  See... we're walking around the streets of downtown Chicago at night with no problems.  But my mom and I learned the hard way that no matter what you do to prevent it, sometimes shit's gonna happen and you have to be ready for it.  Otherwise you're dead meat.  Pushing up daisies.  Worm food."   Millie asked "You and your mom had something happen to you?"  Nellie glanced at Millie. "My mom is Norma Corona."  Millie was surprised.  She began walking again thinking about the girls visiting her.  She became very stoic and soberly asked "Being a brainiac makes you a target doesn't it?"  Nellie said "I'm not a brainiac.  I'm a warrior.  But the answer is yes.  Very few people know who we really are and where we live.  Our privacy is to keep us safe."  Millie said "So why tell me?"  "Because you'll soon be one of us.  To keep your little butt alive you won't be telling anybody anything.  In a way it's sad because you'll have to live that way for the rest of your life."

"If you look up you'll see a silent drone.  It's cancelling out all sound waves leaving our mouths so people can't hear or record our conversation.  Lupe invented it.  And you can't see them, but there are at least 30 of the best soldiers on earth close by making sure nothing happens to us.  If they fail, we're on our own.  That's why Lupe is always giving us cool new stuff like this high intensity handheld mini laser gun that looks like a cellphone.  I'm a master at knife throwing, and it goes on and on.  So yes, danger comes with the territory."

They entered the well-lit park a few blocks from Millie's home.  "There's lots of people out here."  "In the summertime they come to the park to enjoy the fresh air and get some exercise.  Hey, I'll race you to the slides."  Nellie intentionally let Millie win.  Millie said "These slides are my favorite with the bumps and turns."  

The rest of the group entered the park and ran over to the playground.  Connie and Sophia got on the monkey bars, one at each end.  They slowly came together and tried to knock the other one off with their legs.  Pure fun.   The rest ran over to the swings.  Lupe was going back and forth with her feet reaching to the sky. "I think swings are magical".  Tracy said "Let's have a contest.  We'll jump off at the highest point, and then see who lands the farthest."  Lupe said "We did that all the time in second grade.  Then Janie broke her collarbone and it stopped.  We couldn't even stand on the seats anymore."  Tracy said "That jackass Spike Janes in first grade used to get on the teeter totter and pull the old 'I'll get off while you're up in the air' trick.  Then one time I convinced Spike to get on the merry-go-round.  I had my buds spin him so fast he barfed on himself.  That was a good day."  Bannister said "My mom used to take me all the time to the park.  We'd have a picnic and then go swing.  Now I'm swinging between two of the three people who found the cure for cancer.  It just wasn't soon enough for my mom.  I really miss her."  Ima spoke "I spent a lot of happy times in this park.  I sat in this very swing as my daddy pushed me back and forth.  I laughed and loved every second of it.  He was so good to me.  I was his little princess.  I learned that you have to embrace life and live it every day like it's your last.  When I was nine he got caught in the crossfire between two rival gangs in our neighborhood.  Bannister, I know what it's like to be robbed of a parent.  It's something I wouldn't want to wish on anyone.  But look at the bright side.  The BC stopped almost all street killings.  And with profits no longer the focus in our society, three brilliant young people had the freedom and the resources available so they could find the cure for cancer."

Tracy angrily said "Before the BC, any medical discoveries thought to have the potential to be big money makers were controlled and limited and expensive.  Cancer was an industry not a disease.  We stopped that shit."  Ima said "And, I thank you for that."  Tracy said "It wasn't us, it was the People.  I'm sure many years before we were born there were bright young minds who were stifled because of money restrictions and restrictions on resources.  Like I say, it was all a managed way to make money.  They didn't give a shit about actually finding cures.  Their focus was on long term treatments to have an income stream, not stomping out a disease.  All this makes me REALLY ANGRY!  Can we change the subject?"  In a chorus they replied "Of course." "Relax."  "Whatever you want."  Lupe said "Take a few long swallows, and some deep breaths, and embrace a happy thought."  Tracy turned to Ima. "I've got some serious anger issues."  Ima, who is a slim six feet tall with toned muscles looked at cute little blonde blue eyed five foot five Tracy and said "You're too Southern girl sweet to be angry."  Tracy laughed as she was swallowing and breathing in. "At least I don't punch my fist through buildings anymore or throw cars around."  Lupe said "And that's good... You got that happy thought yet?"  Tracy was swinging back and forth and smiling. "Yes.  I'm visualizing me crushing Spikes head into the pavement."  Lupe responded "Good, now hold that thought for a while."   

Connie and Sophia came running up.  "Sophia wants to do tether ball and I want to swing."  Tracy said "I'll do it with you."  Lupe said "Tracy's a little angry right now."  Sophia quickly said "No thanks, I like my head where it is."  Tracy said "Come on, I'm just fine."  Ima jumped off "I'll play with you Tracy, and you too Sophia.  Let's go."  So the group split up and did various things for an hour or so.  By 10:30 they were ready to pack it in and head back.  Millie and Ima thanked them for everything.  Lupe picked Millie up and gave her a giant hug and said goodbye.

As history will record... with a little help from forces beyond our comprehension, the get together that night will be one of the best decisions Lupe has ever made in her life.   

Lupe Blinked Bannister and Molly back with her so they could report to work at 8:00 the next morning.  Summer came along too so she could lay out by the pool and ride Mom.  Lupe also wanted her sister to learn how to fly a chopper.  That afternoon would be her first lesson.  Tracy, Connie, Sophia, and Nellie were taken a few blocks to the Silversmith Hotel.  Hazel and Hanna had already made it back from the theater.  Everybody was tired and crashed as soon as they hit the pillows.  

Tuesday, June 11, 2019 at 7:00 in the morning.  Nellie was first out of bed.  She threw on her sweats and ran out the door.  Tom was half asleep standing in the hallway waiting for Nellie as she zipped by.  "Tom, let's go.  Come on.  You ready?"  Tom thought "This kid is relentless."  He said "Of course.  I was born ready."  In the elevator Tom said "You sure you weren't a drill Sergeant in previous life?"  "Probably, just can't remember.  Come on Tom.  Stand up straight.  Let's see some life in you!"  "Yes, ma'am."  The elevator stopped on the 7th floor and Nellie ran out with Tom close behind.  Today she was doing the Nautilus machines.  She went first.  Tom had to match the weights she was pumping.  Nellie had Tracy's chemicals still in her system and poor Tom didn't.  She did the triceps seated push down machine with the weight set at 300 pounds.  Then Nellie set the weight on the bench press at 500 pounds and quickly pumped out five sets.  "Can you handle it, Tom?"  "Sure."  He barely made a set of ten.  After a quick circuit with the nautilus machines they ran a couple miles on the treadmills to loosen up before they broke off for breakfast.  "I'm going to make a man out of you yet, Tom."  "Yes ma'am."  Nellie loved kidding Tom considering he graduated top in his class at Seal School.

Tom came on board a few days ago.  She read his resume and discovered last year he was part of a team that went into hostile areas of the world to rescue people.  He was stabbed twice and shot once in the line of duty while saving a total of thirty people on seven separate missions.  Then came the big one three months ago that almost took him out.  Terrorists in Africa seized a shopping mall and started killing people.  They took over a hundred hostages and were killing them one at a time until their demands were met.  Tom and his team of nine were only an hour away by C-130.  They looked and dressed like locals in order to infiltrate the mall.  After an hour of fighting they were able to save most of the hostages and stop the terrorists from setting off planted explosives via cellphones.  Tom had his PPE on but got hit with a phosphorous tipped round that melted right through the Kevlar, hit a rib then exited.  That laid him up for a few months.  After seeing his resume, Nellie highly respected his valor.  She considers him the highest level a warrior can be.  As they were getting back in the elevator Nellie said "Tom, you're 23.  Right?"  "Yes ma'am."  "I want you to live to be 24.  It's not a question of if I'll be attacked... it's when.  We both need to be ready for that moment.  Ok?"  Tom gave her a big smile and said "Yes ma'am."  When Tom came on board with the Secret Service he read the histories of all the people he could choose to protect.  Tom chose Norma's children because of the extreme danger.  He wanted to make sure they stayed alive... so they could live to be 24.

Nellie entered the motel room and saw her sisters were almost dressed and ready to go.  Connie said "Nellie, get out of those clothes and take a shower.  We're almost ready.  What are you hungry for?"  "I don't care just give me five minutes."  In ten minutes Cletus knocked on their door.  Sophia opened it. "Good morning ladies."  "Good morning, Uncle Cletus."  "Just came by to tell you I feel a little uncomfortable with us being at this hotel.  What do you say we leave in the next ten minutes?  I've already spoken to the others about it.  Hazel, Tracy, and Hanna are waiting in the lobby."  Nellie just finished showering and changed into a fresh outfit.  She came running out of the bathroom. "Don't have to ask me twice, Uncle Cletus.  Let's go."  Cletus said "Great.  Dan and Alvin are coming in right now with a trolley to take your luggage."  Nellie asked where Tom was.  Cletus said he was waiting in the lobby.  The luggage went first.  Then Cletus and the girls entered the next elevator going down.  He stopped it on the third floor.  Three girls and a man who looked very much like Connie, Sophia, Nellie, and Cletus were there as the door opened.  Cletus said "Let's go, ladies.  These fine people are taking our place."  Without saying a word the girls followed Cletus to a key controlled freight elevator while the other group continued down to the lobby.  Cletus pushed the basement button and in a minute the door opened to a sublevel parking area with armed agents everywhere.  Cletus opened the van door. "Ladies, if you please."  Tom and Mike quickly stepped in behind them.  Cletus shut the door then opened the front passenger door and jumped in. "Let's roll."  There were three other vans that looked exactly like theirs.  All four left the parking area and entered the street.  Each going different directions.  Cletus was listening on his transceiver.

Connie looked at Hazel, Tracy, and Hanna. "What's up?"  Tracy said "Last night Lupe asked Cletus to keep some of his men around Millie's home.  A little after seven this morning a group of five insurgents entered their place.  They were immediately gunned down.  Ima and her daughter are now at a safe house waiting for Lupe to come and Blink them out."  Tom recommended "Let's not worry about that.  If the SHTF for us, just stay cool and do what you've been trained to do.  Ok?"  Nellie pulled out her laser gun.  Tracy gave everybody in the van a quick injection of super strength including the agents.  Cletus turned to Tracy.  He said "Ma'am, so far departure plan 3101 is proceeding properly.  Tracy said "Great."  Hanna sitting across from Tracy remarked "It's easy to forget you're one of the top level military commanders in the country."  Tracy said "Yes, but Uncle Cletus recommended we use 3101 and I agreed.  I'm wise enough to defer to a man with years of successful experience."  Tracy smiled and added "Just don't get me pissed off, though.  Then I'll personally take these creeps out.  I like to hurt, injure, and maim before I kill."  Cletus said "We would prefer our Pioneers allow us that pleasure" as he looked back and smiled at Tracy.  Hanna looked at her agenda planned for today. "Darn it.  I was going to interview Terrence A. Duffy who used to head the old Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade.  He's making candy now at a plant called Crystal Pure Candy Company."  Connie said "He must be a real sweetie." Nellie said "You need to work on your humor, Sis."  Tracy said "Maybe we can come back in a week or so."

The van pulled into a tiny parking lot next to Eleven City Diner in downtown Chicago.  Nellie said "Oh man, I'm starving.  Do they have waffles here?"  Tom said "Yes ma'am.  The entire staff and most of the customers are security."  Nellie said "Sweet.  Now maybe I can relax and enjoy my breakfast."  Cletus quickly ushered the group inside.  Tracy touched the huge plate glass window in front.  She turned to Cletus. "Will it take an RPG?"  "Yes ma'am.  As per 3101, we have several drones looking in every direction.  Our stationary satellite is ready."  Tracy said "I don't want any collateral damage to civilians."  "Yes ma'am.  And Elon has our coordinates if we have to bug out.  He can come here and Blink us out immediately."  Tracy said "I don't want that.  I want our presence here to draw them out, as per the plan."  Cletus smiled and nodded.  

Sophia said "Wow, this menu has a great selection.  I love deli food."  Connie added "Real Jewish delis only serve the best food.  It has to be certified kosher."  Nellie asked "And that means?"  "It means everything like the milk for instance... an inspector has to go to the farm and make sure the cows are healthy and the milking and packaging process is clean."  "That's nice to know, but does it make the food taste better?"  "Of course.  It's like flying an 8x instead of a Piper Cherokee."  

In ten minutes they were served.  The girls were in hog heaven feasting on the bacon topped Belgian waffles with blueberry syrup.  A few minutes later there was a ruckus outside with shots fired and a tiny explosion.  Tom sitting next to Nellie was listening to communications through his earpiece.  Nellie looked up at him.  He said "No problem.  Everything's cool."  They finished a nice breakfast and Cletus directed them leave through the back.  Another group looking exactly like their party left through the front, got into the van and drove away.  Cletus and the girls went down a stairway and walked several blocks through a tunnel, then surfaced and entered a couple hard cars and left to the airport.

Earlier that morning Lupe appeared outside the Chicago safe house.  Two armed agents ran her inside.  She came into the kitchen where Ima and Millie were seated eating cereal.  Lupe said "I see you're cuckoo for coco puffs too."  Millie ran up and hugged her.  "Last night Nellie told me shit happens, but I had no idea it would happen so soon.  I was brushing my teeth and the front door smashed open.  I looked down the hallway and saw these men coming in with machine guns.  Just as the one in front raised his gun to shoot me I heard lots of loud pops, then five men were lying dead on my living room floor.  The secret service agents who saved us shot right through the walls of the building.  The man who carried me out told me they used thermal imaging for targeting and 50 caliber titanium bullets.  But the bullets messed up the walls.  So I've been thinking of a better way to do it by using intense waves to vibrate body cells to pieces.  See I've read about phased array radar.  I was thinking you could also use that as a weapon.  Each emitter by itself wouldn't damage anything, but the focal point of many emitters would wreak havoc on a human body."

An agent in the kitchen told Lupe "Millie's been a real chatterbox since I carried her out of there.  Is this how you brainiacs cope with stressful situations?"  Lupe smiled "Sometimes."  She turned to Ima. "I'm very sorry this happened.  It was my fault yesterday when I made a spectacle of myself inside the memorial.  I obviously caught the attention of some very bad people."  Ima said "As soon as Millie broke away from me and touched your shoulder the decision was made.  There's no turning back now.  I'm just glad we're alive."  "Me too."

Ima said "Lupe, this would be a good time to tell you something."  Lupe stood waiting.  Ima continued "It has to be private.  No one can hear what I'm about to say."  Lupe looked at the guards "Would you please give us a minute.  I'm ordering my conversation with Ima not be heard or recorded.  I'm classifying this as 'top secret'."  "Yes ma'am."  The guards switched off all recording devices and quickly stepped outside.

Ima said "Millie is extremely bright.  She started saying words when she was four months old, and at seven months she was forming sentences.  She was constantly questioning me about everything at 12 months.  About that time to keep her occupied, I got her a computer and showed her how to surf the internet.  At two years she was talking to me like an adult.  When Millie was five, I told her how special she was."  Millie smiled "My DNA is incredible."  Ima said "That's right, baby."  Ima went on "Almost eleven years ago I responded to an ad in the newspaper.  I went to a small office on the East Side.  They said a group of doctors did medical research there, and they were looking for a special person they could do some genetic testing on.  Even though Cecil, my husband, made lots of money, somehow he was always spending more than he made.  We were just married and come to find out he was up to his ears in debt and they were going to pay $50,000 to the person who qualified.  I kept it a secret from my husband.  They supposedly already looked at several thousand applicants before they got to me.  They ran me through a battery of tests.  They were impressed enough to offer it to me.  They said the endoplasmic reticulum and the mitochondria in my cells were high functioning, as well as other things I can't remember."  Lupe hesitantly asked "What kind of genetic testing did they do?"  Ima revealed "The researchers were very open about everything after I signed a nondisclosure agreement.  It was a US government contract.  They would put me in jail if I told anybody, including my husband.  They were going to fertilize my ovum with a special gamete."  Lupe said "Really.  What kind of gamete?"  Ima said "They discovered a way to bring two gametes of haploid number and create complete strands of diploid DNA.  Then they could split the chromosomes into haploid again.  Then they could take one of the resulting haploid and combine it with another gamete to create a diploid set again.  They were able to identify traits in the DNA structure they liked and were able to make them dominant instead of recessive.  In addition to that they were able to epigenetically flip on traits that were normally dormant.  All in a laboratory environment.  So they created a gamete with all the traits they wanted for their human subject."  Lupe was listening intently and asked "From whom did the gametes come from?"  Ima said "From the 1950s through the early 2000s, Russia and the US jointly and secretly carried out tests to understand certain human characteristics not normally found in the population."  Millie smiled "I can make people turn around and look at me.  You can too, but I'll bet you can't feel when a person is hurting.  I can feel all their emotions like happiness.  My mom said there were other things I could do that they would show me but the BC happened and it all came to an end."  Ima said "When Millie touched you, you said all the sorrow was vented out of your body."  Lupe reached over and hugged Millie.  Ima said "It wasn't your imagination.  She can actually take away emotional stress.  She can make a person feel good just by her touch."  Lupe said "You've got to be kidding."

Millie said "I'm just as normal as you are.  They told mom that many people could have had my abilities.  They just got lost in the DNA thousands of generations ago.  They were also going to work with me so I could look through people's eyes and also move things with my mind.  At least that's what they were hoping for.  You see all those DNA strands were from people identified as having these traits.  Scientists were saving the gametes of these people in liquid nitrogen until they developed the science to do what they did with me.  Understand?"  Lupe stood in semi-shock "Holy moley.  I'm glad I found you.  Maybe those killers were after you all along and somehow I showed them where you were."  Millie laughed. "You mean like those crazy religious nuts in that old movie "Jumper" who thought it was against the laws of God to be like me?"  Lupe rubbed her chin. "There's a lot of stuff going on we don't know about.  I really need to get Molly working on her projects."   Millie asked "Well, do you think I'm right?"  Lupe nodded her head.  "Maybe.  And you probably have characteristics those scientists couldn't have even imagined."  Millie cunningly smiled. "Maybe so."

Lupe told Ima "If you don't mind I'd like to take you and Millie to my home.  It's on hundreds of acres of farmland.  We have a large guest house and a huge airplane hangar with several vacant luxury condominiums attached.  We can find you a great job doing what you like and I can be closer to Millie to make sure she's safe and not held back from her schooling."  Lupe looked down at Millie polishing off her coco puffs. "Would you like that, Millie?"  Millie asked "When you introduced me to Nellie, you said she was your neighbor?"  "Yes she is.  And I was thinking you and her could be in the same class together."  "But she's going into fifth grade this year."  "So you'll skip a grade."  Millie smiled "That's ok with me, if Nellie's down with it."

Lupe looked at Ima. "My Uncle Mark Zukerberg once told me that life is like a series of doors.  Sometimes you get to choose the door you go through, sometimes you don't get that choice, but you still gotta walk through..."  Ima laughed and stopped her in midsentence "Of course.  Millie and I are ready.  Let's go."  Lupe asked them to stand next to her.  They held hands and poof, the three landed on their butts in the grass just outside Lupe's pyramid.  Security set them up in one of the luxury condos.  Lupe and Millie spent the day exploring the place.  She got to ride Mom, do a little swimming, played with the animals in the biosphere, and did some go carting.  All and all it was a great day for both of them.  Ima and Summer spent the late morning lying out by the pool drinking ice tea and listening to music.  That afternoon they started flight training in a Blackhawk.

St. Louis
Let's get back to the girls in Chicago.  Once at the airport Hanna gathered them together.  "Ok, I've scheduled three different places we're going to.  First is St. Louis.  We are going to interview the wife of the ex-CEO of Monsanto.  Connie said "The king of poisoned crops."  Hanna replied "The king's in jail.  We're going to talk to his wife.  She had nothing to do with it.  Then after St. Louis, we're heading to Independence, Kansas to speak with the manager of the Cessna factory."  Nellie asked "Can we go on a tour to see how their jets are made?"  "Of course."  Then we'll go to McAlester, Oklahoma.  They have a large prison where we are going to speak with some ex Wall Street people who are cooling their heels there.  Does this sound ok with you guys?"  Sophia said "That's fine with me, but can we choose a few places after we finish with these three?"  "Of course.  What were you thinking about, Sophia?"  "How about the secret town underneath the Denver Airport."  Hazel suggested "New York City sounds good."  Connie said "I'd like to go to one of the new million acre game preserves."  

In less than an hour Nellie was landing at Lambert Field in St. Louis.  Half an hour later they were turning onto the street and pulling up in front of her house.  Hanna said "Mike, please be nice to Mrs. Grant.  I know we have a summons.  But treat her with respect."  "Yes, ma'am."  He walked up and rang the doorbell... several times.  A woman's voice from the other side of a heavy metal door finally said "Yes, who is it?"  "I'm here with a summons for Janice Grant.  Would you please open the door."  "No.  Go away.  Leave me alone."  "It's not a request ma'am.  I need you to open the door.  We respectfully do not want to use force Mrs. Grant.  Please."  Mike waited for a few minutes.  He looked back at Hanna sitting in the van as he was shrugging his shoulders and showing his palms.  Hanna yelled out the window "Be patient, Mike.  She's a nice lady."   Mike knocked again and said "Please, Mrs. Grant...  Please."   She finally opened the door.  Mike said "Thank you very much."  Janice said "Haven't you people tortured me enough.  Please leave me alone.  I just want to live in peace."  Mike said "I have to make sure the premises are safe.  Some very important people want to talk to you.  I have to ensure their safety.  Please bear with me while we check your yard and home."  He turned to the agents to come up.  A van on the street opened and out poured security agents with machine guns.  After checking the house and grounds they stationed themselves around the property.   Mike motioned for the girls to come in.

Hanna walked up and said "Hello, Mrs. Grant.  I'm Hanna, the one who called you yesterday.  I wanted to interview you."  Janice said "I told you no.  Don't you people understand no!"  Hanna replied "Mrs. Grant, as a sincere gesture of peace I'd like to give you a gift."  Hanna pointed to the street.  A catering truck from the best restaurant in St Louis pulled into the driveway.  "Two nights a week for five years, you and a couple of your friends will be treated to the best food St. Louis can offer.  We also did some research and discovered your love for yellow carnations and red poppies.  So I'm providing a fresh bouquet for you at every meal.  A catering truck can bring the food or you can dine at their restaurant.  I will provide security.  We know you've locked yourself up in this house since the Big Change.  You haven't been out shopping for clothes in years.  And you've never ordered online.  So we're sending you on a shopping spree with security agents to ensure your safety.  I want you to buy whatever you want and I'll pick up the tab.  And finally, every month for the rest of your life I'm sending you on a weekend getaway to a health spa in the mountains of Colorado to rejuvenate yourself.  Again there will be guards to protect you, complements of the Peoples Secret Service.  Janice was standing at the door in mild shock.

The last five years have been a living nightmare for her.  She wasn't involved in Monsanto's demonic work.  She wasn't part of what her husband and his cohorts had perpetrated on the world.  Her only connection was being married to the piece of human excrement that ran the company.

Hanna stepped closer. "Janice we know you were an innocent party to all of this.  We also know it's been a living hell for you.  So this is the least I can do to give you the opportunity to speak to the world.  Your words are very important for my documentary.  There are many spouses of ultra-wealthy men who were clueless about everything.  Please, may we come in and speak with you.  America needs to see this."  Hanna stepped closer and put her arms out as a gesture to hug.  After a pause, Janice stepped forward and reached out.  As Hanna was hugging her, she said "Thank you.  I didn't come here to make you cry.  Here, take this tissue."  As Janice was wiping her eyes she said "The People locked my husband away and decided to leave me alone.  But with so many death threats I couldn't leave.  This has been my prison for the last five years.  I didn't think anybody understood, much less cared."  "I care, Mrs. Grant."  "Please, call me Janice."  Hanna said "Let me introduce you to my friends.  This is Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Tracy.  This is Tracy's mom Hazel."  Mrs. Grant said "Hello.  It's a pleasure to meet you.  Come in and sit down.  Let me get you something to drink."  "No, no, we don't want you to do anything.  Let the caterers come in.  They have a delicious sampling of everything on their menu.  Hanna read off a sheet:  "For refreshments they have ice tea, orange smoothies, sparkling lemonade, and if you're really adventurous they have frosted chocolate and vanilla malts."  Nellie said "Chocolate malts with whipped cream and a cherry on top are my favorite."  Janice laughed "It's nice to be around young people again.  How old are you?"  Nellie replied "Almost ten.  Might as well say ten."  Janice smiled "When you're young you want to grow up fast and when you're old you want time to stand still."  Nellie smiled as she took a seat.  

After everyone was settled, the recording started.  Hanna said "Mrs. Grant, in the last few years I've come to know some very important people.  Through them I was able to see the tragedy of very wealthy families being blown apart because of the horrible acts of their husbands or fathers.  And many wives weren't strong enough to handle it.  Being pampered all their lives and the realization of it all coming to an abrupt end caused an avalanche of suicides.  I can't express in words how extremely upsetting it was.  Suicide is a very stupid long term solution to a very survivable short term problem.  But when wives and children are in the depths of despair caused by these monsters, well......  I just wish America had done more for all of you.  But I'm sure you can understand their anger.  Collateral damage of the innocents at that time didn't matter.  Janice replied "Hanna, I agree with everything you're saying and more.  Hugh married me more for my intelligence than looks.  But sometimes the most intelligent person can, if they allow it, have the wool pulled over their eyes.  I was innocent, and I was stupid.  That's sad considering my IQ is 150.  So honestly... wasn't I really complicit and somewhat responsible for the loss of so many lives because of Monsanto?  It weighs heavily on me every day."  Hanna responded "Mrs. Grant, saying you're responsible for those deaths is more an expression of grief.  All of America is sorry.  And it was America that allowed Monsanto to hurt us.  Nobody spoke up when scum like Michael Taylor was hired by the Obama administration.  Large money bribes allowed killers like Michael to continue killing while pretending to work for the good of the People.  Placing Taylor inside the FDA was like having a fox in charge of the chicken coop.  People inside the FDA clearly saw his sinister actions, yet nobody spoke up.  To me, our bribe taking Congressmen and the people working at the FDA are more complicit in the deaths of an uncountable numbers of children."  Janice added "Over the years I asked Hugh about the latent perniciousness of Roundup.  He would hand me studies showing the product turns into harmless salts a few days after application.  But the studies were always prepared in house."  Hanna said "And the farmers loved the idea of drenching genetically modified poison tolerant plants with Roundup to keep weeds and pests away.  That's all they cared about.  Monsanto said it was safe and the farmers conveniently accepted it as gospel.  For example when you drench soy beans the poison will soak into the plants and into the beans.  When we eat the beans, we eat the residuals of the poison.  But again in the US, no scientists or physicians questioned the obvious.  In fact I found out during trials that many scientists and physicians where nothing but paid shills for Monsanto who submitted bogus results from faked studies.  They claimed to be independent but were getting lots of cash under the table.  They were later executed.  Many toxicologists in Europe, Russia, and China revealed the residuals were causing cancer.  Yet nobody in America spoke up.  As long as the money was paid to fatten the pockets of our representatives in Congress and our President and our Supreme Court the gravy train continued to roll on."  Janice said "I realized my husband was scum when I found a report on his desk just before the Big Change happened.  The report stated if a person drank a half gallon of soy milk a day, in less than six months he would contract cancer of the kidneys, pancreas, liver, and lymphatic system and die within a year.  Hugh shredded the report after I asked him about it."  Hanna said "Well, he's in jail for the remainder of his life getting tasered every four hours."  Janice said "There is no amount of punishment that can bring back the lives he took because of his greed."

Hanna said "I didn't come here to rehash the evils of Monsanto.  I came here to talk about you."  Hanna turned to the camera and said "You've heard Janice express her honest feelings.  Don't you think Janice and others like her have suffered enough?  For almost five years she's locked herself in this house because of death threats.  Her face was plastered all over TV standing next to her husband during the murder trials.  So the public thought because of her association she was just as evil.  But it's been proven she didn't know anything.  We're five years into the Big Change now.  It's done.  You, the People, have long ago decided who to punish.  So what do you say... how about it... can we move on and leave people like Janice alone?"  She continued "The great Dr. King once said 'We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive.  He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us.'  And I whole heartedly agree with him."

Hanna and Janice touched on many humanistic topics which will give the viewers of this documentary a better understanding of Janice's moral dignity and integrity.  After thirty minutes Hanna nodded to Alvin to stop recording.  "Janice, thank you very much for talking to us."  Janice smiled. "I didn't have much of a choice, but I can see your intentions were good."  Hanna replied "My best friend Katy Johnson committed suicide three months after the BC.  Her very wealthy family lost everything.  I tried to get her to understand she would be ok, but both of us were fifteen and she couldn't handle the embarrassment and harassment at school.  I let her down.  I hope this might in a small way make it better for the survivors."

Janice asked "Please stay a while.  I like your choice of caterer.  Hugh and I used to frequent Eleven Eleven Mississippi at least once a week.  He liked it because they served an entree called "Rain Crow Ranch Grass Fed Petite Filets".  He used to say that corn fed beef was not very good.  He liked the grass fed better.  Now we know it wasn't because of his discriminating palate, it was his fear of eating meat from cows fed his poisoned corn."  Hanna said "We would love to stay and visit.  Sophia seems mesmerized with the exotic fish.  And Nellie has a new buddy."  Nellie said "It's an iguana.  I've never seen one in real life.  He's really friendly."  Janice said "He'll play fetch with you.  I adopted him from the pound.  You haven't seen my kinkajou yet.  He's in the enclosure over here."  Connie was the first one over.  Janice handed him to her.  "Wow.  He's beautiful and very soft.  What's his name?"  "Spunky."  "That's funny because a boy friend of mine calls me that."  Hanna asked "No dogs or cats?"  "No, being a zoologist I like a wider variety of species like this meerkat."  Janice walked in the same large enclosure, picked him up and handed him to Tracy.  "Isn't he cute?  He loves to be tickled."  

Everybody had great fun playing with Janice's exotic pets.  But soon it was time to go.  The girls thanked Janice for her hospitality and hugged her goodbye.  Sophia said "Your meerkat is awesome, Miss Grant." "Thanks.  Come back soon and visit us."  

The bunch decided to spend the night in St. Louis.  Tracy had heard of the St. Louis Science Center, so on the way to the hotel they stopped by to check it out.  At the entrance Hanna said "Ok, it's 2:00 o'clock.  Cletus already has our rooms reserved so we can stay here for as long as we want."  Tracy said "Y'all are very strong, but to be safer let's stay in groups of at least two.  Ok?"  

The science center had several different exhibits like: 1.) Genome: Unlocking Life's Code, 2.) Alien Worlds and Androids, 3.) Life Science Lab, 4.) Makerspace, 5.) Discovery Room, 6.) Ecology & Environment, 7.) Amazing Science Demonstrations, 8.) Human Adventure, 9.) Structures, 10.) Fossil Prep Lab and Dig Site, 11.) Experience Energy.   The girls had a great time.  Tracy and her mom liked the science lab, while Nellie and Hanna tried their luck at the fossil dig.  Sophia and Connie spent their time in the ecology section.   

After several hours they had enough and decided to hit the hotel.  Tomorrow was going to be a busy day so they headed in early for a 5:30am wake up.

Independence, Kansas
It was Thursday morning, June 13, 2019.  Nellie flew the group to the Cessna plant in Independence, Kansas.  She landed at the airstrip next to the factory.  Waiting for them on the tarmac was Scott Ernest, the president of the company.  Cessna used to be a subsidiary of Textron, but there are no subsidiaries in America anymore.  Scott is an amiable man who genuinely cares about the employee/owners and maintaining high quality standards.

Part of Hanna's interview went as follows:  "Hello.  We are pleased to have with us today the president of Cessna Aviation, Scott Ernest.  He served many years with General Electric in their engines division.  Then he moved to Cessna in 2011.  Thank you for agreeing to speak with us."  "It's my pleasure."  "May I call you Scott?"  "Sure."  "Scott, I've heard a lot has happened in the aircraft industry since the Big Change."  Scott replied "Wow, has it ever.  And I'd like to think our company has led the way because we're constantly on the cutting edge of innovation.  After the BC we've completely changed our business model.  The People mandated manufacturers like us produce aircraft with the highest quality standards and at the same time the highest output.  For decades the aircraft industry had ignored the highly successful processes used by car manufacturers.  For example, the aircraft industry didn't use the moving assembly line.  Which to me was completely nuts.  For close tolerances the auto industry uses robotics.  We didn't.  And the list went on and on.  So after the BC we led the way from hand making aircraft to using a moving assembly line with all the accoutrements like 'on time' parts availability.  We have plants in Kansas, Texas, California, Tennessee, South Carolina, and New Hampshire.  We are making a hundred thousand aircraft a year.  And all of them are custom ordered so we don't have any standing unsold inventory of finished goods which would be wasteful."  Hanna said "You utilize the moving assembly line and yet every airplane is custom made?"  "Yes, but the options are kept down.  We offer a six seat turboprop, a twelve passenger and a thirty passenger King Air, and a Super Caravan model that can carry five thousand pounds.  And we offer a ten passenger, and a twenty passenger jet.  We manufacture six models in total.  All six planes have many parts that are interchangeable, like wing components, interior finishes, and avionics."  Hanna said "Are the components also made in the US?"  "Before the BC, Textron had many plants across the world supplying the sub-parts.  A man named Pilar Charo headed a repatriation team that brought everything back to the US.  Many countries refused to allow the machinery to be moved but they couldn't stop Pilar from offering large salaries, low prices, free medical care and just about free everything to top engineers and construction management at these foreign plants.  They came in droves.  Now each Cessna facility manufactures every part.  The metal, the plastic, the leather seats, the avionics are made in adjacent plants next to our assembly lines.  With more airplanes in the air we had to develop a very sophisticated crash avoidance system similar to self-driving cars.  Except our system is three dimensional."   After a few more questions Hanna closed the interview and thanked Scott for his hospitality.  Then they took a quick tour of the plant.  

Oklahoma prison
It was 10:00am.  They had to hurry because they were having lunch at the Oklahoma State Prison in McAlester, Oklahoma.  Five minutes to the Cessna strip and twenty minutes later they were landing at the prison's air strip.  The complex is on 1,556 acres.  Most of it is in agriculture where they grow food for the inmates.

Several corrupt Wall Street types who caused Americans a lot of grief are incarcerated there.  The individuals are: 1.) Larry Summers (Caused the deregulation of derivatives contracts.)  2.) Mark Patterson (A corrupt lobbyist and former Vice President and Managing Director of Goldman Sachs and was Chief of Staff to the United States Secretary of the Treasury.)  3.) Timothy Geithner (Was secretary of the Treasury who pushed to continue bailing out banks while ignoring Americans.)  4.)  Michael Froman (chief US architect of the TPP who pushed through fast track and gave powers to corporations that superseded Constitutional law.  He also infected his oldest son with cancer in order to collect on a large life insurance policy.)  5.) Lloyd Blankfein (CEO of Goldman Sachs)  6.) Adam Storch (Goldman Sachs)  7.) Blythe Masters (invented the credit default swap and also the carbon derivatives scheme.)  8.) Jaime Dimon (CEO of JP Morgan Chase)  9.) John G. Roberts, Jr. (Ex-Supreme Court Judge) (The People discovered a bank account in Cayman Islands that pharmaceutical and health insurance companies loaded millions of dollars into.  So naturally he ruled favorably on the expensive Obamacare program.)

Late in the morning Hanna and her team were sitting in the prison conference room waiting for the detainees to come in.  A buzzer sounded and a red light started blinking above the door.  Hanna said "Welcome.  Come sit down."  They sat on one side of the table and the girls were on the other.  John Roberts remarked "This looks like fun.  Children are going to talk to us."  The other inmates laughed.  Hanna said "It's great to have you with us today and to see you still have a sense of humor.  Would you care for something to drink?"  Lloyd Blankfein said "Sure, I'll take a Manhattan with a double shot of whiskey."  Again the other inmates laughed thinking it would never happen.  Hanna said "Is Pappy Van Winkle ok?"  Alvin mixed the drink at a table in the corner and walked it over to Lloyd.  Hanna smiled "I'm trying to loosen you up so you'll be singing like canaries."  She laughed "Just kidding.  Would anybody else care for a drink?  A cocktail, beer, soda, orange juice, smoothie, wine, champagne, Perrier?  I know the food here isn't that great, so I brought you in just before lunch so I could serve you some excellent French cuisine.  Michael Froman said "Ok, what's up.  You want one of my kidneys?  You do know I'm too old to donate."

Nellie said "It was my idea.  I know you did bad things.  But you're in jail now.  You've already received 120 days of tasering and now your here for life.  Look, you have to be in prison, but we know you don't have to talk to us."  She continued "I figure you're here because you liked the good things in life.  Lots of expensive things.  And you did whatever you could to get them."  Justice Roberts said "Wisdom from such a young child."  Hanna said "So we figured we would offer you some of the best food and drink."  Nellie smiled "A happy stomach makes a happy person."  Blythe Masters said "You're a cute little thing with a kick ass personality."  "Why thank you.  I got it from my mom."  Jaime Dimon asked "Who's your mom?"  Nellie looked at Tracy to see if it was ok to tell him.  She nodded yes. "My mom is Norma Corona." Timothy Geithner said "Wow.  It looks like some of the new regime is visiting us today.  At least their children are."  Tracy laughed "The People run the country now.  We're just along for the ride."  Mark Patterson said "So what can we do for you?  What can we tell you that you haven't heard before?"  Michael Froman said "During court proceedings, you even read our minds.  So there's not much else we can tell you that you don't already know."  

Hanna said "I'm making a documentary.  We're traveling across the United States having people talk to us about life before and after the Big Change.  We're choosing people from all walks of life.  This time we chose some people who made life so unbearable it helped bring about the BC.  Each time we record, I open with some general questions, and then let the interviewee take it from there."  Mark Patterson said "Yeah, right.  As soon as you begin filming, you'll start poking and prodding like everybody else."  Tracy said "You're not lab rats.  And, we're not performing experiments."  Timothy asked "So who are you?"  Tracy said "My name is Tracy.  And these girls next to me are Connie, Sophia, and Nellie.  This is my mom Hazel and this is Hanna Starling."  Adam Storch looked at Hanna and said "I know you.  I saw you on the Tony Awards a few months ago.  You can really dance."  Hanna said "Thank you.  But I'm not here as a Broadway star.  I'd just like an accurate documentary.  So like I just said, if it's ok, when I'm recording I'd like to introduce each of you then throw some questions out there and any one of you can answer.  Does that sound acceptable?  But we won't start until after lunch."  Adam said "You're even more beautiful in person."  Blythe said "Control yourself big boy.  We don't want you blowing a fuse."  

Cletus and his men served the detainees surf and turf.  Lobster and prosciutto wrapped filet mignon with asparagus on a bed of wild rice, twice baked potatoes with shrimp, three French cheeses, and a pinch of bacon.  A seared scallop salad was presented in a separate dish.  Condiments of shaved truffles, sea salt, and cracked tellicherry pepper were offered.  Wine was served with the meal.  In whites they had a choice of a Riesling from Johannesburg or a reserve Chenin Blanc from Mondavi.  In reds they had an offering of a fine 1982 Chateau Lafite Rothschild and a 100% Cabernet Sauvignon 1976 grand vin Chateau Latour reserve.  The desserts were baked Alaska, light cherry cheesecake, double Dutch Chocolate cake, or apple pie with a scoop of French vanilla ice cream on the side.  A moist lemoned towelette was provided after the main meal.  Perrier water with wedges of lemon was also provided to clear the pallet.  With the desserts the inmates had their choice of fresh roasted Columbian coffee or a light Indian tea.  Courvoisier cognac and a homemade peach brandy were offered as an after dinner sipping drink.  Hanna gave each inmate a box of Cohiba cigars to take back to their cells.  She also gave each a case of Courvoisier.  And finally they received a brick of smoked gouda and brick of provolone along with a case of Mondavi's best reserve chardonnay. 

Before the after-dinner beverages were served Hanna asked "If you don't mind, why don't we move to the room next door where there are comfortable couches and recliners.  Then we can get down to the business of interviewing.  Is that ok?"  They agreed.

Hanna had the girls sit behind the camera.  After they were settled in, Hanna asked "Gentlemen and Lady, are you ready?"  Jaime said "Sure, and the cognac and brandy in coffee cups is a nice touch."  They laughed.  Hanna said "I don't want the audience thinking I tanked you up so you'd have loose lips."  Timothy burped and said "Of course not."  

Hanna began by introducing each person and why they were incarcerated.  Then she opened with this question "What is your biggest loss?"  Jamie said "You don't understand how precious freedom is until you lose it.  I'm told where to be and what to do every minute of every day.  It gets old really fast."  Larry Summers added "When I went to jail I suddenly became radioactive.  None of my friends wanted to have anything to do with me.  No visits, no phone calls, no emails, nothing.  Not even my family."   Blythe Masters said "Frankly I miss the company of a man.  They don't allow conjugal visits in this prison." Michael Froman said "I miss opening the door to my car, sitting down, turning the key then driving anywhere I want at any time of the day."  Mark Patterson said "Prison caused me to lose my family."  

Hanna said "It's interesting that none of you said you regretted losing your fortune."  Timothy said "Of course we have.  That's a given.  We lived to make money.  My wealth was a status symbol.  It was a score card.  It was an extension of my "self-worth".  Honor, integrity, high moral character are concepts for losers, stooges, and order takers.   We, the kings, took the gold and gave everybody else the shaft."  Blythe said "In a sense Tim is right.  We lost our fortunes and it makes us angry just thinking about it.  Ari Gold, from the TV show Entourage, used to say "Enough is never enough."  He was the personification and embodiment of all the super-rich."

Jaime Dimon said "It was my arrogance that took me down.  I had all the right politicians paid off so we could do whatever we wanted.  If we screwed up we knew it wouldn't hurt us.  Congress would simply write us a check and we would bounce back again.  We became addicted to OPM, other people's money.  And we loved it."

Hanna asked "What are you thankful for?"  Jaime spoke "I'm thankful I wasn't included in the executions of the Federal Reserve managers.  And, I'm thankful you girls came to see us."  Jamie raised his hand and a stream of soldiers came in with their machine guns pointed at the four secret service agents in the room.  "But thank goodness I won't have to endure this hell hole anymore.  The nine of us were placed in this lock up two years ago.  It's obvious you have no idea who we really are and what we are capable of doing.  It took only a year to buy the guards."  Cletus started to move forward and Tracy said "Stand down, Cletus.  That's an order."  She looked at her very angry body guards "In fact all four of you sit down in the back corner and place your hands on the table."  Jamie smiled "Such altruism when the people you depend on the most have let you down.  What a simpleton."

Tracy looked at the twelve soldiers "Gentlemen, I'm going to give you one and only one chance to reconsider what you are doing.  I'd like to introduce myself to you.  Would you please take out your ID while I go to each one of you and shake hands?"  All twelve were Army Special Forces; in fact all of the guards at the prison were Special Forces because the People absolutely did not want these nine to escape.  The ranking officer of the twelve looked at Tracy and said "You've got to be kidding.  Shut up and sit down."  Tracy said "Major, you are addressing one of the top military commanders in this country.  My name is Tracy Smith and I'm the young Pioneer who created superhuman strength.  Do you really want to continue?  I demand you to comply with my orders to stand down immediately or we will kill each and every one of you in less than five seconds."  Cletus spoke up "I'd listen to her if I were you."  Tracy said "Cletus, be quiet."  "Yes, ma'am."  Jamie said "I doubt you can move faster than a finger on a trigger."  He turned to the major "Shoot this girl, n..."  Before Jamie could finish saying the word 'now' Tracy moved like lightening and put her fist through the Major's chest and jerked his heart out and held it for the others to see.  She looked at the second in command "I'm ordering all of you to lay down your arms."  One of the guards began to spray bullets at the girls.  All of them quickly ducked.  A few bullets struck but simply bounced off.  Connie, Sophia, and Nellie joined Tracy.  After a few seconds it was all over.  Nellie said "You warned them, Tracy."  Tracy replied "Damn girl, you ripped your soldiers to shreds."  Nellie smiled "Just don't piss me off."  Tracy looked at the nine inmates, smiled and said "It took us a little over five seconds, but that's close enough for government work, right?"

She continued "Even though you've upset us, we won't kill you.  But we are going to knock you out."  Some started running to the door.  Sophia zipped in front and blocked the door.  Tracy turned and smiled. "Nellie, would you and Sophia please take it from here.  Please send them to sleepy land.  You can break their nose but please don't kill them."  They smiled. "Yes ma'am."  Nellie said to Jaime "I am an Apache warrior.  It was people like you Jaime Dimon who almost wiped us completely off the face of the earth.  Just because you could, you did.  Not a caring bone in your body."  Nellie said to the nine "Sun Tzu, the greatest military leader once said "Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win."  Nellie and Sophia, faster than the eye could see, smashed all their noses, knocking each one out cold.  After the happy deed, Nellie looked up at Tom "Tom you're 23, right?"  "Yes ma'am."  "I want you to live to be 24 and older.  It's not a question of if we'll be attacked... it's when.  We both need to be better ready for moments like this."  "Yes ma'am.  But it's not over with yet.  This whole prison is probably dirty."  Nellie smiled "Really messy like the shopping mall in Africa."  He glanced at her with surprise "Yes, ma'am."  Tracy said "But we have a secret weapon.  I just got Lupe on the phone and she's..."  At that moment Lupe appeared in a corner of the room.  Lupe said "Are these the ones?  Cletus said "Yes ma'am."  Lupe asked that they pull them together and hold hands.  "You ready guys.  Cross my finger and poke your eye, bye."  Everybody was immediately Blinked to the landing pad at the Research Facility where guards and orderlies were waiting.  Tracy said "Please restrain these people and take them to the medical clinic.  Nellie may have gotten carried away with her punches," as she put her arm around Nellie's shoulders and grinned.

Cletus asked Lupe "Can we go to Fort Hood and pick up some soldiers to contain the prison?"  Lupe said "Yes, of course.  We'll only need a small group because Tracy will boost their metabolism."  Cletus asked "May we do it immediately because I have fifteen of my men there.  I don't know their status."  Lupe said "Call the commanding general to get small contingent of soldiers ready.  Have them gather in an open field immediately.  Tracy, we'll need at least 45 doses of strength."  "I'll get 50 from Nigel."  "Great, whenever you're ready."

They landed on the lawn in front of the general's office while soldiers were running up.  Lupe said "Ladies and gentlemen, please stay in place while this girl comes around and injects you with some strength.  It will make you unbelievably powerful.  A NATO round won't be strong enough pierce your skin.  But I'd be careful with a grenade.  Ok?  You will be able to move so fast that people will have a hard time seeing you.  Just don't run into any solid objects.  I'm going to Blink you over to a prison in Oklahoma.  The leader of the mission will be this man.  His name is Cletus Jackson.  Cletus..."  "We have a problem at the prison.  I don't know how bad it is.  When you arrive you will do an assessment.  At this moment we have military both on the ground and in the air approaching the prison.  I have fifteen of my people there who are either fighting, dead, restrained, or in hiding.  All of the guards may not have gone rogue either.  So be careful.  I don't want anybody leaving that prison and I want the grounds and the buildings brought to order.  To accomplish this you will have to kill all the rogue people.  You can move at incredible speed and simply squeeze their heads or crush their chests.  Don't worry, you can snap prison doors open and the steel bars will be like spaghetti.  The general told me you are part of a special hostage rescue squad.  So use that training.  Now, if you would please gather around and hold hands.  Everybody have their gas mask?  Good.  Lupe, we're ready."  "Cross my finger and poke your eye, bye."  

Lupe and Tracy remained back from the action.  It took only thirty minutes to bring the prison under control.  Thirty minutes later the additional ground and air forces arrived to take over.  This was the first time a military unit utilized super strength as a tool to accomplish their mission.  It was very effective.  After all of Cletus's men were accounted for, the thirty member rescue squad gathered where they had Blinked in.  Lupe said "I'm tired of having to do this so I'll cut to the chase.  If you pulled out your ID and held it over my right hand you would see I am one of the top military commanders in the United States.  Tracy is too."  Tracy added "Cletus told us you did an excellent job.  Quick and efficient.  This is the first time strength chemicals were used on a military mission.  Now we're looking for feedback.  Take a few minutes and think about your answer.   How do you feel about soldiers being given this power?"  A lieutenant Yolanda Anaya spoke up "It depends on who the soldier is.  I know some people who would misuse this power.  Ten years ago a deranged Muslim, a Major Hasan killed 13 people and injured 30 more at Ft. Hood because he had a gun and nobody else did.  It was easy pickins.  That asshole had a field day because nobody could defend themselves.  Same would be true with this stuff.  Either everybody should have it or nobody.  I'd vote nobody."  Another soldier, David Amelung, said "I would want everyone in my unit to have a serious psychological profile done that would show they wouldn't misuse this power.  You said the effects wear off after two days.  I wouldn't want it to be any longer than that.  Maybe bring it down to one day."  Lupe said "The People aren't ready to have this in widespread use.  It's too dangerous for the reasons you just mentioned.  But I do see its usefulness in clandestine rescue operations where the team is small and the odds against them are great."  Lieutenant Anaya said "Ft. Hood does the training for Army rescue operations.  You might let our base commander know."  "That's a good idea, Anaya.  Cletus, would you please take care of that."  "Yes ma'am."  Lupe closed with "As two of the top US Commanders, Tracy and I very much appreciate your service in risking your lives for our country, and we are now ordering you to keep what just happened with the Blinking and the chemicals a secret.  There will be talk going around about some super soldiers who took down a prison revolt.  But please don't say anything to anybody except your base commander.  Ok?"  "Yes ma'am."

Cletus's men remained to help secure the prison and the 8x, and then have Alvin fly it back to Las Cruces.  Lupe Blinked the rescue team back to Ft. Hood.  She, Tracy, and Cletus went back to White Sands to gather Hanna and the girls to see where to go from here.  Hanna did get some excellent video of the conversations and attempted jail break.  Later Molly combed through the detainees minds to discover how widespread this was and who the players were.

Broadway
Thursday evening, June 13, 2019.  Hanna stayed at Lupe's guest house.  The others slept in their own nice warm beds at home.  Tracy's dad was very worried about her safety.  All she could do was tell him it comes with the territory.  And, she was keeping the risk down as low as possible.

Millie's mom was starting a new job and Summer was going back to the reservation.  Except for secret service on the property, Millie would be alone without anything to do.  That evening Nellie and Millie biked on the BMX track until they pooped out.  They decided to cool off under the air conditioner in Nellies home.  Millie asked "You think it would be ok if I went with you guys tomorrow?  I really don't want to be here alone."  "That's a great idea.  Your mom won't mind?"  "Probably, but she has to understand it's going to be dangerous no matter where I am.  And I'd rather be around you guys in case the SHTF."  Nellie chuckled. "Yeah, I know what you mean.  Uncle Cletus is stepping up the number of guys guarding us.  And Lupe said we won't be doing any more prisons.  That's her orders."  Millie said "You talk like she's the supreme commander."  Nellie put her ipad down and looked at Millie.  "She is.  She has authority over everyone including my mom."  "You're kidding."  "Nope.  But if she ever does anything against my mom's wishes she knows she better have a damn good reason."  Nellie continued "See, Lupe has a mind like no one else I've ever seen.  Computers read code one chunk at a time in a linear way.  Lupe's mind is like a hundred CPUs individually running code yet each knowing what the others are doing.  She can set about doing several mental tasks and put them in the background, then maybe ten minutes later she'll break away from talking to me and say 'That's it.  The answer is such and such.'  I've never seen anybody else do that."  Millie said "I do that all the time.  And it's not bragging.  I always thought it was a weakness that I couldn't remember or figure something out right away.  Instead I had to set it aside for my mind to work on until I got the answer."  "Wow Millie, you teach me how to do that and I'll teach you how to fly an Apache.  Deal?"  "Deal."  They spit in their palms and shook on it.  

Connie was preparing a giant platter of crispy chicken tacos with lettuce, tomato, grated cheese, sliced avocado, topped with her secret recipe of pico de gallo.  She said "Lupe and Summer are coming over.  So is Millie's mom.  Nellie, would you and Millie please set the table and fill the glasses with ice and pour the horchata."  Nellie said "Connie... Millie wants to go with us tomorrow.  She doesn't have anything to do and she'll be all alone tomorrow."  "Well, I'm sure Hanna wouldn't mind.  We don't mind.  Let's talk to her mom and Lupe when they get here."  Sophia said "I think it'll be great if you come along."  

Five minutes later Lupe, Summer, Ima, and Hanna walked through the kitchen door.  Lupe said "I'm starving.  Wow, look at all those delicious tacos.  So what's everybody else going to have?"  Connie looked at her.  "Stupid."

Lupe told Hanna "I want you guys to stay under the radar.  Never reveal who you are and never go anyplace dangerous."  Hanna said "I think we all learned our lesson.  The secret service should to do more forward work.  We need to decide several days in advance where we're going so they can check the place."  Lupe said "The best weapon is surprise.  We don't want any bad guys seeing our team checking out a place.  I believe what you were doing is the best approach.  Go in unannounced, do your thing and quietly leave.  We don't want any more Chicagos.  That was my fault.  And you guys need to stay away from dangerous places like prisons."  Connie said "But we did find out the prison was dirty.  And Uncle Cletus is having people checking all prisons in the US using Molly's device."  Hanna said "But that's no way to find out a prison had a problem."

Millie asked "Mom, is it ok if I go with Nellie tomorrow?  If I stay here I'll be all alone with nothing to do..."  "How about it, Mom."  Ima asked "What do think, Lupe?"  Lupe smiled "Millie has talents she doesn't even know about.  We can't hide her from danger.  We have to be smart enough to handle it.  Millie will be ok if she goes.  It would be good for her to do some traveling and have a little fun.  But of course it's up to you, Ima."  Ima said "It's imperative that my daughter stay safe.  I'm sure you have the most capable security in this country.  You proved it two days ago."  Ima smiled at Lupe "Like you told me life is like a series of doors.  Sometimes you get to choose the door you go through, sometimes you don't, but you still have to walk through.  Millie, if you go you can't get separated from the group."  Nellie said "The best Navy Seal in the country will be guarding us.  Millie and I can stick together to save him if he gets into trouble."  Ima said "Great.  Nothing like confidence."  Lupe giggled "Nellie's already saved him twice.  So Millie will be in good hands."  Sophia said "Well it's decided, so can we start eating?  I'm famished."  After the blessing, Connie said "Dig in everybody.  There's plenty more where that came from."
  
Six in the morning, Friday, June 14, 2019.  Connie, Sophia, and Nellie drove the golf cart to the 8x.  Tracy and Hazel were pulling up on the tarmac in their SUV.  Barely awake and dressed Hanna, Millie, and Ima were walking outside the hangar where the jet was staged.  Mike was completing preflight inspection with Alvin.

Lupe was wide awake standing next to the plane. "Wow, what a bunch of sleepy heads.  Am I the only one on earth who gets up at the crack of dawn?"  Connie asked "Did you bring coffee?"  Lupe said "You're too young to drink coffee."  "Then be quiet, I'm trying to go back to sleep."  Lupe said "Dude, wake up," as she shook her.  "Lupe, I'm going to kick your skinny little butt if you do that again."  Hanna said "Good morning!  Looks like everybody is all bright and shiny for our fun trip to New York City."   Connie and Sophia, ignoring Hanna, slowly walked up the steps and sat down.  Nellie and Millie bounded up and ran to the front.  It was Millie's first time flying.  After everybody was seated, Lupe and Ima came inside.  Ima kissed and hugged her daughter "Stay safe, baby.  I'll call you every evening.  I love you.  Bye."  "Love you, mom."  Lupe went into the cockpit.  "Stay safe Nellie.  If you need any help, don't hesitate to contact me."  Nellie said "Geeze, you're worse than my parents.  Mom took forever talking to me this morning."  Lupe bent over and whispered "I am ordering you to make sure Millie stays safe.  No matter what happens, your top priority is to make sure she is safe.  Is that understood?"  "Yes ma'am."  "Good.  So you guys go out and have tons of fun.  And I'll see you on the flip."  On the way out Lupe stopped by Sophia and whispered "I'm working on the Sophia Effect.  Hope to have something by this weekend.  Have a good one."  Sophia smiled "Good.  Maybe you can tell me who my prince charming will be."  "You mean the one who rides up on his giant steed ready to whisk you away to his kingdom where you'll live happily ever after?"  "No dummy.  It'll be my horse and my kingdom.  And if I like him I might let him stay for a while."  "Good attitude.  Bye, everybody.  This is such a beautiful time of day."  "Go away and take that little guy in your gut with you."  She smiled at Connie. "Grouchy person!  Hehehehe."

Mike was pilot with Nellie in the other seat.  Millie was sitting on the flip down just outside the cockpit.  Nellie handed Millie her ipad. "This file is a complete manual of the plane's avionics.  The file behind it is a comprehensive manual on the 8x with a complete detail of the engines.  And behind those are several files that explain exactly how to fly this airplane under all kinds of conditions.  And behind that is a comprehensive book on how to fly any kind of airplane.  It should keep you busy for at least a few days."  "Thanks Nellie.  This is interesting."  

Upon reaching cruising altitude Nellie turned the controls over to Mike.  She got up and Alvin took her place.  She said "Hey Millie, you want to play some video games?"  Millie looked up "No thanks.  I'm really getting into this stuff."  Nellie opened the fridge and poured herself a small glass of Tracy's famous sweet lemon ice tea and sat down in the cabin to catch a tiny snooze.   An hour later "Nellie, wake up.  Let's do something."  "Wha... what?  What's going on?"  "Nellie, I finished reading all the material.  Can you show me a few maneuvers?"  "What time is it?  Are we there yet?"  "No silly.  You've been sleeping for a little over an hour.  Can you get back into the co-pilot's seat and show me a few things?"  "It's 7:30.  Damn girl you read fast."  "Yes, but you already knew that.  Let's do some cool moves.  What do you say?"  They made their way to the flight deck.  Nellie asked Alvin "Feel like taking a break yet?"  "Sure.  I need to stretch."  As Alvin was getting a snack in the galley Nellie turned to Millie "Well, take a seat.  I'm sure Mike here doesn't mind.  I'll just sit on this flip down."  Mike said "She's been peppering me with a million questions while you were sleeping.  She knows more about this plane than I do.  Most of the stuff I couldn't answer."  Millie asked "Well is it ok, Mike?"  "Sure, sit down."  Millie said "You don't have to go over anything.  I just need to get a feel of the controls."  Mike came on the intercom and asked everybody to buckle their seatbelts because they were going to do a few rolls and dives.  Cletus walked to the front to see what was going on.  "Never hurts to start her training now."  He went back and nestled in a leather chair and held on tight. 

After getting permission from flight control, Mike said "Hold the yoke and put your feet on the pedals.  Put your hand with mine on the thrust control.  I'm going to climb and bank left so you can feel how I do it."  He moved the thrust to 90%, pulled the wheel back and turned it slightly while moving the ailerons."  Millie's eyes were shouting with excitement. "These engines are mongo powerful.  Can you neutralize the ailerons and show me what a tail slip feels like?"  He did and she giggled.  Mike reached 55,000 feet. "Do you like rollercoasters?"  "Let's do it."  Nellie shouted into the cabin area "Hold on everybody."  Mike pulled back on the power and pushed the nose down to a 70 degree dive.  Millie said "Give it more power then pull up.  I want to know what multiple G forces feel like!"  He did and she screamed with delight.  "This is phenomenal!"  Mike said "So are you remembering how much I'm moving the control surfaces to achieve what we've done?"  "Of course."  "Ok.  We're at 55,000 feet and flying even with the horizon.  This is how much aileron it takes to move the wings perpendicular to the ground.  He slowly moves the plane in position.  Then he straightens it out again.  "And this is called a snap roll."  He hits the ailerons hard and quickly rolled the plane 360 degrees.  The girls in the cabin screamed.  Millie smiled "I love this.  Can you show me the dreaded stall and spin?"  Mike engaged the autopilot, stood up and said "I'm not that great at pulling out of a dead spin.  I'll let Nellie show you."  Nellie sat down. "Are you ready?"  Nellie did the traditional stall but she accidently allowed the jet to become inverted.  Then it went into a slow flat spin.  Nellie had never pulled out of an inverted spin before and was frantically moving the controls but it only seemed to be getting worse.  Millie touched Nellie and she became flaccid.  She said "We're running out of time." ((A year ago all of the Dassault Falcon's engines were equipped with TVC (thrust vectored controls) primarily for enhanced yaw and pitch.  It usually isn't turned on because most pilots aren't comfortable with it.))  Millie quickly flipped the TVC on and vectored the thrust to slow the rotation.  But it was taking too long.  This was one of the few moments in her life where she actually became afraid.  She reached inside her mind as deeply as possible and concentrated on magnetic north.  "Magnetic north, magnetic north.  Relax.  Concentrate."  Each time the nose passed magnetic north the tip of the plane flashed a brilliant blue bolt of light, jerking the rotation slowing it down. The instant the rotation stopped she pulled back on the stick and the plane dived.  After a half loop she was upright and even with the horizon.  With a slight increase in thrust the aircraft was stabilized but moving in the wrong direction.  She carefully banked the plane until the correct heading was achieved.  Millie smiled and turned to Nellie. "The operations manual explained how to recover from an inverted flat spin, but it warned against black outs due to G forces.  So I had to take over before my eyeballs popped out." 

Millie touched Nellie. "This should make you feel strong."  Nellie said "How'd you do that?  You took all my strength away.  Don't do that again."  Millie said "We would have been fighting against each other at the controls, so I had to relax you.  You feel better now?"  "Yes, but let's have Mike fly the plane."  "Ok, but can we do a satellite assisted landing in New York?"  Nellie said "A visual landing is more fun."  "Ok." 

Mike unbuckled from the flip seat and ran to the back to throw up.  Nellie chuckled "I guess we'll be flying it."  Cletus came to the front "Are you ok?  Millie, how about letting me fly for a while?"  "Sure, have at it."  Nellie told Cletus "Actually Uncle Cletus, Millie knows more about this aircraft than anyone here.  She recovered from an inverted flat spin I accidently put us into."  She put her hands on his shoulders, bent down and whispered "Uncle Cletus, I really messed up and Millie saved us.  I think we've got another Lupe.  But she's more... way more."  Cletus said "We were lucky this time.  But Nellie, please be more careful."  Alvin took over for Millie and the two girls went to the cabin area to enjoy a quick movie.  They watched Terminator Genisys 2.  Half way through the movie Millie said "Wow, talk about a convoluted story.  And, there's too much violence.  Smart people don't make things explode to achieve a goal."  She looked at Nellie "They just make it happen."  Nellie said "But a good warrior comes in real handy, especially when the enemy employs the weapon of surprise."  Millie said "Advanced machines won't need to use bullets, bombs, or stupid swords.  All they'll need to do is disrupt the energy fields that reside within the human body.  It's one of the things I've thought about, but I don't know if I want to actually make a machine to do that."  Nellie said "Your machine could also take robots out, right?"  "Yes, it could.  Unless there's protective shielding."  Nellie said "But you could nullify the shielding, couldn't you?"  "Of course, but then it would be an exercise of measures and counter measures ad infinitum."  Nellie said "But that's what survival's all about."  "True."  They continued watching the movie until it ended.  Nellie said "All the bullets and explosions were put in the movie to jerk your emotions around.  During a real fight a warrior is never in fear... they just do what's necessary to survive usually using the technique of attacking the weakest link.  And, you don't kill a fly with a grenade.  You simply slap your hands together.  This way it conserves resources that will be needed later."  Millie said "Smart.  And you never enter a battle without already having won."  Nellie's eyes twinkled "All risk must be eliminated before the encounter begins."  "Spoken like a true warrior."  Together they both said "Sun Tzu!"

Millie added "Life can be lived in an unplanned disarray, or organized in predetermined steps.  But I believe life is really an art of harmony.  Just follow the tones and inflections of the music and you won't have to worry about the incongruity and distortion of living off key."  Nellie said "Now you're talking over my head.  Hey, it looks like we're coming into New York City.  Let's go to the cockpit and Cletus will show you the process of landing."  "Great.  Let's go."

Millie enjoyed watching the landing.  While they were taxying to the private terminal she said to Cletus "That was easy enough.  You prefer to land without using the glideslope or satellite/ground vectored GPS assistance.  That's interesting."  Cletus said "Yesterday I saw you two riding bikes.  Which would you prefer, sitting in your seat and allowing a machine to steer and pedal, or doing it yourself?"  Millie said "I've recently been thinking about how much automated assistance is too much.  You're right.  Do you mind if I call you Uncle Cletus?"  Cletus said "It would be an honor.  And Millie, part of learning to fly is understanding all the tower requirements.  You have to understand the radio lingo.  Nellie can give you a file on that to read."  Millie thanked Cletus and hugged his shoulders.  His stomach pain immediately went away.  She said "You take way too many Rolaids Uncle Cletus, so I made your tummy better.  And you're not going to eat so much."  Cletus smiled but was speechless.  He thought "Who is this voodoo child?  And why did Lupe find her?  Who knows.  I'm not going to worry about it."
  
Cletus chose LaGuardia Airport because it's closest to Manhattan and they have the best helo service to downtown.   Before they arrived at the gate, Tracy shot the girls up with super strength.  And once again Tracy was the first off the plane.  She ran down the steps, got on her knees and kissed the tarmac.  "Ground, sweet ground."  Connie said "You gotta get over this, Tracy.  Cletus even gave you a parachute to calm you down, girl."  "I just prefer having control over everything."  "Good luck with that.  Half this trip has been out of control in one way or another.  That's why we brought you along."  "Yeah, I know.  I kick ass and don't take any names.  But it's always nice to walk on firm ground."  Hanna put her arm around Tracy. "Sorry Tracy, but we need to chopper over to 1633 Broadway."

On the short jump to Manhattan, Hanna talked about the current production of 'Fun Home'.  "It was a hit five years ago, so now they've reintroduced it to a new audience.  Connie said "Well, do they have a fun home?"  Hanna laughed "It's a play about homosexuality.  About a woman who reflects on the times when she was growing up.   She had feelings of liking other girls instead of boys.  And to add to the story, her dad used to have affairs with men.  But back then it was a serious social taboo, so he killed himself when he was outed."  Sophia remarked "I'm glad I'm not gay."  Tracy said "Sophia, some people are just that way, and for them it's good."  Nellie put her arm around Millie and said "Millie and I are friends and as time goes on we'll probably get to be better friends.  But I just don't feel the attraction like when I'm around a cute boy.  Like earlier this month when I was with Ben.  That beautiful smile and those grey eyes, his dark tanned skin, his washboard stomach, and that long wavy sun bleached hair.  How he liked to surf, skateboard, and do other athletic stuff.  When I kissed him goodbye I felt fireworks like you wouldn't believe."  Connie said "Nellie, you're too young to be kissing boys.  But I have to admit he was a cutie."  Sophia asked "Well, what about those people who like both?"  Tracy said "People should have the freedom to love anybody they choose, as long as the other person feels the same way.  People should never force themselves onto other people."  Hanna said "You wouldn't believe all the women who came on to me last year.  I don't know why but Broadway seems to be a giant gathering place for gay men and lesbian women.  And sometimes I felt they were angry at me because I was straight."  Sophia asked "You were never attracted to a beautiful girl who came on to you?"  "It was a big complement, but I just didn't feel it.  I only wished they respected me for being straight."  Tracy said "I hear girls feel very comfortable around gay guys?  Is that true?"  Hanna said "Some of my best friends are gay.  I think it's because we can relate better.  I know this is highly stereotypical, but it seems gay men are smarter, more sensitive, more organized.  They like the finer things in life like a cold glass of a reserve Chablis over brunch feasting on egg white frittata with lox.  Of course he'd be dressed in a freshly ironed pair of new khaki pants and a 150 thread count 100% combed Egyptian cotton long sleeve lavender dress shirt with matching argyle socks.  And his shoes would have to match the occasion, like deep maroon suede oxfords.  He'll be bursting with excitement over the movie he just saw last night called 'Crazy, Stupid Love' with Ryan Gosling.  Then he'd say that Eva Mendez is one lucky chick, and have you seen how precious their little girl is."  Hazel said "Sounds like you're speaking from experience."  Hanna responded "Gay guys make the best friends since there's no competition.  And I relate very well with them.  There I go stereotyping again."  

After a brief flight they arrived on the rooftop where a small welcoming party was waiting with champagne.  Todd Justin Sweeny was the first to run over and give Hanna a big warm hug.  "Hello precious, we've missed you so much.  Oh look, you cut your hair.  It's simply gorgeous."  "And look at you.  Your morning rooftop outfit is perfect.  Let me introduce you to my friends.  This is Tracy Smith and her mother Hazel.  And this is Connie, Sophia, and Nellie.  They're sisters.  And this is Nellie's friend Millie."  Todd said "It's a pleasure to meet all of you.  Let me now introduce you to two of our cast members who very much love you Hanna.  This is Michael Cerveris and Judy Kuhn.  And from the Palace Theater came your fellow dancers, Tanya Schultz, Mary Weinstein, and Trudy Lowe."  They happily greeted each other and proceeded down to the theater.  Hanna said to Tanya "You're still doing 'An American in Paris'."  "Terry couldn't cut it, so they assigned me the lead role.  I'm doing fine, but I'll never be another Hanna Sweeten.  You're one of a kind, girl."  Mary asked "Are you still dating that skinny love muffin Mark."  "Yes."  Todd asked "Well why didn't you bring him with you?  You know we love eye candy."  Hanna said "Mark's a little reserved and shrinks at public displays of affection.  Especially from flamboyant people who thrive on it." "Well that's his loss, honey."

Once they reached the stage, Todd said "Let me introduce you to our young star.  Where is she...  Mary..."  She turned around.  "Mary Yanish, this is my good friend Hanna Sweeten."  Mary squealed "This is incredible.  You're my favorite Broadway star.  It's an honor to meet you.  I loved you in 'An American in Paris'.  I must have gone ten times."  Mary held out her hand, but Hanna hugged her instead. "The honor is mine.  I hear you're really quite a stage performer."  Hanna turned to the girls and said "Let me introduce you to my friends.  Mary, this is Tracy, Tracy's mom Hazel, and this is Connie, Sophia, Nellie, and Millie.  Mary shook their hands.  When she shook Sophia's hand she stopped and held it for a moment.  Sophia smiled a captivating beautiful smile.  Mary is Sophia's age.

After a few minutes of small talk, Mary said to the girls "Hey, this time of the morning I go out behind the building and shoot a few baskets.  You wanna go?"  Nellie asked "Can we all come along?"  "Of course.  Maybe we can get a game going."  Hanna and Hazel stayed inside to meet more of the cast.  Outside, a couple boys were already shooting hoops.  Mary said "This is Freddie and Diego.  They're members of the cast too."  Freddie is a little older than Tracy, skinny at about 5' 7" with fluffy light brown curly hair and blue puppy dog eyes.   Diego is ten and same height as Nellie.  He has blonde hair green eyes and a bright smile.  The girls introduced themselves.  

Mary suggested "Let's play full court.  Is that ok?"  Tracy said "I'll be on your side to keep it fair."  Mary snickered "Listen, we don't need your charity.  We're cramazing without your help."  "Whatever.  But you need another person to make it even."  She turned to her buds. "Do you mind if I play on their team?"  Connie nervously smiled. "Just don't get cheesed off.  Remember this is a friendly game.  Ok?"  Tracy looked at the three cast members. "I have anger issues."  Mary said "That's ok.  Let's do some quick games.  The first team to score ten baskets wins a game.  We'll go first."  

The girls were careful not to show off their super strength.  But they did get physical with each other.  One time Tracy rough body checked Nellie and took the ball out of her hands, and as she was doing a layup Millie touched her just before she shot.  Tracy temporarily lost her strength and dropped the ball.  She yelled "That's cheating, Millie."  Millie said "Don't throw stones if you live in a glass house."  Tracy yelled "Come here.  I'm gonna to kick your little butt."  As she was running she put her right hand on Millie's shoulder and collapsed from a total loss of strength.  Millie said "Temper, temper," then she reached down and vented out all of Tracy's rage and frustration.  Millie grabbed her hand and lifted her up. "Feel better now?"  "Yeah, I actually do.  You gotta show me how you do that."

Freddie said "You people are a little strange.  You run too fast.  And that odd performance between Tracy and Millie was kind of weird.  Tracy said "Weird?  Isn't the play you're in weird?"  Mary said "I don't think so.  Here, you be the judge."  Mary pulled out her MP4 player. "Ok, guys let's do 'Party Dress'."  After they finished the number, the girls silently stood staring.  Tracy said "I'll be honest.  Some people would say that was weird.  And it seems this story is playing off of old stereotypes.  The stereotype of when you think of girls you think of dresses, pretty shoes, the color pink, submissiveness, ditzy, silly, giddy, not as smart, and clueless.  Like we're trophies to be placed on a pedestal and worshipped.  That's pretty sad because people don't think about women like that anymore.  So the premise of your play seems a bit dated.  And, if I remember right "gays versus straights" was one of the "divide and conquer" strategies employed by the super-rich to keep us in disarray so we wouldn't focus on the real problem... them.  Mary said "Who are you people.  Tracy talks like she's forty."  Tracy said "So I have to be forty to have a large vocabulary and deep insightfulness?  That's insulting and stereotypical."

Tracy continued "So I think this play is a little weird.  Mary rebutted "Being gay isn't being weird.  And, I can't put my finger on it, but you guys are definitely strange."  Tracy said "Yeah?  Well it's strange that you've been staring at Sophia ever since we got here.  It's actually kind of creepy."   Embarrassed, she replied "Well all of you are pretty, but Sophia is drop dead gorgeous awesome and amazing.  She's somebody I could really fall for."  Sophia said "Hey, hey... You do know I'm standing here, right?  That's coming on a little too strong."  Mary said "Be honest, dimples.  Have you ever kissed a girl before?"  Sophia said "Cut that shit out.  No, I've never kissed a girl before, but if I ever do she'll remember it for the rest of her life."  Mary smiled. "You can say than again, you cute little Scooby snack."  Sophia turned to Connie "I don't want to slap her.  Do something."  Connie said "Everybody thinks Sophia is beautiful.  But they don't come on to her like you just did.  It's called respect."  Mary said "I was just answering Tracy's question.  Gee I'm sorry, but I'm forward.  How do you think I got this part, by being a timid little wallflower?"

Mary started walking toward Sophia.  Sophia said "Don't you touch me.  I'm not into that shit."  Mary smiled. "I'm just getting the ball.  All of you are acting like you're afraid of me.  It's ok, I don't bite.  And guess what, Freddie and Diego are gay too.  Do you think they're strange?"  Nellie said "Well yeah.  Except for gays, what kind of boys love Broadway musicals?"  Freddie said "Smart, thoughtful, sensitive, introspective and expressive ones who can appreciate the art and beauty of a live stage play."  Nellie said "See... that's what I'm talking about."  Freddie responded "You're too young to understand."  "Ok, I'm getting sick and tired of people telling me I'm too young for whatever reason. You have no idea who I really am..."  Connie stopped her "My youngest sister is quite a person.  If she was dropped in a desert or a jungle or a city in a hostile country, she could easily survive.  She's a brilliant cunning warrior."  Freddie said "This little squirt?  Give me a break."  Nellie laughed "Whatever.  We're wasting time, let's finish playing."  Mary said "It's ok for Nellie to be an ass kicker, but it's not for me simply because I'm a lesbian?"  Connie replied "I didn't hear anybody say that.  You got that stupid play messing with your mind.  It's perfectly ok for my little sister to be an ass kicker and still like boys.  She happens to like dreamy looking athletic ones.  But she could just as easily like skinny sissy boys and that would be just fine."  Mary said "Just fine as long as it was a boy.  Right?  I understand what you're saying."  Tracy said "That's not what she's saying.  Just like you, Nellie can be anything she wants and can like anybody she wants.  But if there's going to be a relationship the attraction has to go both ways.  And if the other person says no, then that means NO and you have to respect their wishes and leave them alone.  Being a lesbian doesn't give you a license to be aggressive without any consequences."  Mary rudely laughed. "Are you sure you're not 40?"

Freddie and Diego had gotten the ball from Mary and were bouncing it back and forth waiting.  Nellie said to the boys "Any time, ladies."  Diego said "Homophobe."  Nellie looked at the two of them.  "Are we going to play ball or not girls?"  Sophia told Diego "She talks like that to straight guys too.  She is an avid follower of Sun Tzu.  She intimidates the enemy so they'll make mistakes, and it works most the time."  Diego said "Well you don't have to be so mean.  This is supposed to be a friendly game."  Nellie said "Boohoo.  So cry me a river.  Did I hurt your feelers?  You want me to call you a waaaambulance?"

Diego said "That's it, I quit."  Millie stepped in front of Diego and put her hand on his arm. "It's ok, Diego.  We're just kids and this is all new to us.  Don't pay any attention to Nellie.  She's still maturing."  Millie suggested "Let's all form a circle and put our hands together."  Millie's touch calmed Diego down.  They stood waiting with their hands extended.  The rest came up.  After everyone placed their hands on top of one another, Millie yelled "To a fun game."  Millie took this opportunity of touching everybody all at once to calm them down.  After thirty minutes of hard playing, the group was getting tired and decided to quit.  Mary's team with Tracy's help was ahead four sets to two, all fair and square.  

"Good game, Mary."  "You too, Nellie.  You too, Sophia, Connie, Millie.  Good game."  Mary was sitting down slowly pouring a large bottled water over her head.  "We do a show six nights a week and a matinee on Saturday and Sunday.  After a while it feels like we're being put through a meat grinder.  But as they say 'The show must go on'.  It's these little breaks where we can get out and take the cobwebs out of our heads... it means the world to us."

Sophia sat next to Mary.  She leaned over. "I like your freckles and the tight waves in your red hair.  Is it a perm?"  "No, it's natural."  "And your turquoise nail polish matches your top.  May I see your beaded necklace?"  Mary held still as Sophia slowly examined the necklace around her neck.  Then she came closer and smooched her a nice long wet one on the lips.  Sophia looked into Mary's alluring green eyes. "That's a beautiful necklace and a nice kiss, but sorry I didn't feel anything."  Mary slowly breathed out. "That's ok, I did.  And it was spectacular.  Your dark ruby lips are sooo soft.  Thanks."  "You're welcome."  "How about another one?"  "Don't push your luck, freckles."  

After cooling down, they went back inside to see what was going on.  The adult cast members were going over some improvements to the script.  Hanna was completing an interview with the director.  Hazel was speaking with the costume designer.  The designer specialized in 'period' costumes to exactly match clothing to the year.  In this play there were several time periods present on stage at once, so it was critical she be precise.

Alvin was putting video equipment away.  Hanna thanked the director for the interview.  By this time the girls had all gathered round.  Nellie said "We're tired.  Our batteries need recharging.  We crave sustenance."  Hanna said "You're sweaty too."  Todd suggested "Have Mary show you where to clean up."

Mary took them to the wardrobe and dressing rooms.  The giant wardrobe room had hundreds of outfits.  Sophia said "This is like a clothing store."  Mary replied "Exactly.  Old Navy is one of our sponsors and part of this room is one of their stores.  Only it's free.  See something you like?"  "There are so many styles and colors to choose from."  Mary suggested "Here, why don't you let me dress you?  The girls' shower and bathroom is over there.  You can rinse off and in the meantime I'll find some clothes and take them to you."  Sophia said "Ok."  The other girls were also in heaven going through all the possibilities.  They grabbed an eclectic selection of bright and sassy outfits to try on after they showered.

Tracy said "Hey Connie, what do you think of this skirt?"  "Your peach side-tie really makes it come together.  Guess what, I saw some skirts that had my patterns."  Mary asked "Your patterns?  Are you a designer?"  "Me and my mom are."  "Who's your mom?"  "That's for me to know and you to never find out.  If it got out that one of her daughters kissed you, Sophia would never live it down.  Sorry, but America still isn't there yet."  "Fair enough.  Do you guys mind if we come along?  We know some very good places nearby."  Tracy said "Sure, come on."   

They decided to eat at Roberts Restaurant at the Museum of Art and Design.  Security cleared the rooftop.   Cletus supplied two Chinooks to comfortable carry the group of thirty-five.  Nellie flew the second chopper.  Tracy gave the girls some special lotion to apply to their faces.  If a photo is taken, their face comes out blurry.  Lupe developed it last month.  As they were walking into the restaurant, Freddie said "I didn't know you could fly a chopper."  "There's a lot about me you don't know.  You notice Tracy and Millie wanted to fly with me?"  "Yeah, I did.  Who are you people?"  Nellie said "Don't worry about it.  Let's go eat.  I'm starving."  One section of a large room was set aside.  Many museum visitors recognized Hanna and members of the casts of both plays.  Cletus and his men had already roped off the area.  About fifty fans were gathered.  Some taking photos and videos.  Cletus was having fits because he didn't want any pics taken.  Tracy told him it was ok.  Along with the face lotion, she and the girls were sitting with their backs to the fans to help keep their identities on the down low.  Hanna and the cast members were sitting facing the fans.  Tracy said it would be ok to allow five at a time to come up and have their selfies taken with a Broadway star.  Except the fans had to have their phones put away.  The photos would be taken by guards and then sent to the fan's email address.  The first thirty minutes was spent going over the menu and signing autographs and doing selfies.  Todd told Hanna "I just adore our fans.  Don't you feel the love?"  "Yes, I kind of miss the standing ovations after every performance.  We were so appreciated that some nights the audience didn't want to leave."  Todd said "And all the flowers and chocolates sent backstage.  Those scores of handsome men trying to get your attention."  "Yes.  But one special guy was working as my limousine driver.  We'd have some fun conversations while he drove me home.  He was a very funny guy.  A little shy but very handsome."  Todd smiled "Mark was a sneaky little devil, wasn't he?"   Guys are always after me because I'm a star on Broadway.  You were lucky with Mark.  My suitors never see the real me because they're blinded by all the glitz and glamor.  Oh, here come some more adoring fans.  Smile."   

As lunch was served, the fans were kept behind the ropes.  Tracy was seated across from Freddie.  "So Freddie... you have a boyfriend yet?"  "No, not right now.  I did before, but my friends say I'm too picky."  Tracy said "You are kind of cute with that wavy hair and those beautiful puppy dog eyes."  "You're not so bad yourself, Tracy.  Have you found somebody special yet?"  "No.  I'm too busy with stuff.  Don't have time."  "I'm kind of the same way with the rehearsals and performances.  Some days I don't know if I'm coming or going."  "I know what you mean."  "So what do you do when you're not babysitting these girls?"  "What?"  "You heard me.  I can see you're the boss here.  Security takes orders from you.  It's obvious you're here to watch the girls.  Doesn't it get old having to act so adult?  Sometimes it's good just to relax and be a kid.  You know?"  "Well actually the reason I came along on this trip was to relax."  "How's that working out for you?"  "Sometimes good and sometimes very stressful."  Freddie was finished eating, so he got up and came around behind Tracy.  She asked "What are you doing?"  "I'm going to rub your shoulders and neck to relieve your tension.  I've been told I work miracles with my hands.  See you start out at the ends of the shoulders and the middle back then slowly move up to the neck using a circular motion like this.  How does it feel?  Wow, you're a very toned girl.  Your back muscles are ripped and hard."  "Oh, don't stop.  That feels so good.  Can I take you along in my pocket for the rest of the trip?"  "Baby, you need to find yourself some gay friends who understand things like this.  I like boys but they are so insensitive most of the time.  All they care about is just one thing and we all know what that is."  Tracy laughed. "You sound a little jaded.  I thought all gay boys were sensitive."  "Guess again, honey.  My last boyfriend was so sweet and thoughtful, that is until he got what he wanted.  Then after that he thought he owned me.  He learned PDQ that I'm not a piece of property.  I dumped him faster than a New York minute."  "How fast is that?"  "Pretty fast for a southern boy."  "I noticed you had some South in your voice."  "I'm from Charleston, and you're accent tells me you're from somewhere in central Georgia."  Tracy smiled and said "So why in the hell are we here when we know what paradise is like?"  "I miss it too, but Broadway is in the Big Apple so here I am."  Tracy said "A few weeks ago I was on a beach in California.  Now that was relaxing.  It reminded me of the summers spent in Pensacola."  Freddie said "Hold still.  I'm not finished yet.  Are you feeling better?"  "Freddie that feels so good I could kiss you."  "Why worry about woulda, coulda, shouldas?"  And with that he bent down and French kissed Tracy.  All of her defenses evaporated.  She grabbed him and sat him on her lap and continued the kiss for a few more moments.  Freddie's eyes glazed over and steam came out of his ears.  "Ohhh myyy... you're really, really strong.  And that kiss could turn any gay straight.  But... I think still like boys better.  They're so strong and assertive... but you are too.  Now I'm really getting confused."  Tracy said "You mean muscles turn you on?  That's kind of shallow, don't you think."  Freddie said "Baby, I don't try to analyze it.  Six-packs and tiny butts are sooo cute."  Tracy replied "You're a contradiction in terms, Freddie.  But I think you're ok.  Get back behind me and take as long as you like."  "I'll do it for a few more minutes, but like on Broadway, I've got to leave them wanting more.  Anyway here come our desserts."  From the end of the table Hazel got her daughter's attention and mouthed "He's gay."  Tracy said "Yes, I know."

During the meal Diego was seated across from Nellie and Millie.  When speaking with people Nellie can best be described as 'sin vergüenza' which in English means having no shame or shyness but it's even more than that.  As Nellie was eating lunch she was constantly asking Diego questions about being gay.  "Diego, why do you act like a girly girl?  You're so sensitive.  I almost made you cry today."  Diego looked at her. "It's not so much a tough boy or a sensitive girl thing.  It's what's inside your heart.  I don't like to be around mean pushy people.  I enjoy the peace and the beauty of life.  Like my mom and I planted a flower garden.  Right now there are lots of daffodils, petunias, and all kinds of beautiful roses.  I love to lay out under the shade of our grape arbor and pet my cats while I read romance novels.  Mom introduced them to me this year.  I can't wait until my prince charming comes and carries me away to his kingdom."

Nellie said "Wow, Diego.  You got it really bad.  No matter how much you want it, this ain't a fairytale world."  Diego smiled. "Mom tells me life is what you make of it."  Nellie responded "But life is full of surprises.  Sometimes you can't have what you want.  So why don't you like girls?  Don't you think we're pretty?  I mean, come on, look at Millie.  Isn't she adorable?"  Millie scrunched her face. "What are you saying?"  Nellie winked. "It's ok, work with me here.  Well Diego?  Isn't she the cutest thing you've ever seen?"  Diego was a little embarrassed "Well actually she is.  When I first met her and shook her hand I felt something special."

Nellie quickly turned to Millie and with a stern face whispered "Did you do that?"  Millie smiled and nodded.  Nellie said "Are you sure?  Maybe Millie is a nice witch who cast a spell on you."  Diego said "First you want me to like her, then you don't.  What's with you girls?  I like Millie.  Ok?  But I really don't like you because you're such a bully.  You know it wouldn't hurt to be nice especially to a gentle spirit like me."  Millie looked at Nellie. "He's got a point."  Nellie responded "Ok.  You do have a point.  I'm a warrior, so I'll think of you as my fair prince who I want to protect."  Diego said "Whatever.  But if girls were like Millie I could easily like them too."

Millie broke in and said "Diego, your heart cries out for love.  Don't confuse it with liking boys or girls.  Just be careful because most people I know aren't as sensitive as you are and you could really get your feelings hurt.  But, I guess you already know that."  Diego said "That's true." She suggested "While we're waiting for dessert why don't you come over here and sit on my lap and let me hug you."  Diego was confused.  She said "Come on, it's ok."  He came around and sat on her lap.  She wrapped her arms around him and he felt love like never before.  All anxieties in his spirit evaporated away.  Everything and everybody else in the room disappeared as he took in her beautiful caring eyes. "This is nice."  Millie said "We'll eat our baked Alaska together.  Are you comfy?"  "Very."  "Good."  Nellie felt an odd sensation of jealously.

During dessert Todd whispered to Hanna "Looks like the junior cast of "Fun Home" are bonding very well with your girls."  Hanna agreed. "I knew my girls were special, and every day they show me just how special they really are."  Todd said "I notice security is focusing on them more than you.  They must be very important."  Hanna glinted a sneaky smile. "You have no idea.  But let's just keep it there, ok?"  "Ok."

After dessert the adults wanted to sit for a while and talk.  The girls wanted to run around and check out the museum.  Tracy said "I'm ready when you are.  And, I don't want anybody walking around alone."  As she was saying that, Nellie was asking Tom to shadow her, Millie, and Diego.  Mary grabbed Sophia's hand. "Let's go to the 6th floor where we can see artists creating their masterpieces.  They want you to talk to them and they'll show you how they do their work."  Sophia thought "Is it ok to hold her hand?"  Sophia told Tracy "We're going to the 6th floor to see artists at work."  "Ok.  Connie, Freddie, and I are going to the 2nd floor to see the jewelry collection."   Nellie, Millie, and Diego headed to the 5th floor. 

Mary and Sophia were watching the artists create.   Several fans came up and asked Mary for a selfie.  She obliged.  Sophia said "It seems you're always on stage."  Mary replied "It's nice you're here.  The press will have something new to talk about."  Sophia said "Good luck with that.  I've got a special lotion on my face that makes any pic of me blurry."  "Even better.  You'll be the 'mystery girl' that everyone will want to know more about."  Sophia said "Here put your arm around me as we walk.  Let's really give them something to talk about."  Sophia smiled as fans were looking on.  "Mary, is she your girlfriend?"  "Mary, aren't you a little young to have a girlfriend?"  "Mary, what's her name?  She's beautiful."  And so it went unabated for an hour.  Sophia loved every second of it.  So did Mary, but for a different reason.  While taking in a wall tapestry there were about twenty fans standing behind.  Sophia said "Give me a little peck on the cheek.  Let's not disappoint them."  Mary kissed her on the lips.  Sophia whispered in her ear "I'm going to kick your ass if you do that again."  She did and Sophia kicked her with the side of her foot square on the gluteals.  Mary screamed "Ouch.  You kicked me." "Duh.  Here, put your arm around me and let's keep walking."

After an hour of checking the place out, they finally decided to head back to the restaurant where the adults were waiting.  The cast members had to get back and prepare for the evening's performance.  

It was a quick flight.  Freddie was again amazed how everybody wanted a little ten year old to fly the helicopter.  He asked Tracy "How long has Nellie been flying?"  "Almost a year."  "That's not very long.  And you trust her?"  Tracy said "Sure.  She's spent hundreds of hours flying fully armed Apaches and Blackhawks successfully carrying out simulated military missions.  She's better than any of us."  Freddie said "You're kidding, right?"  Tracy smiled and didn't say anything as Nellie was landing the Chinook on the theater roof.  Everybody stepped out of the choppers and said their goodbyes.  Todd hugged Hanna and asked her not to be a stranger.  Sophia felt strange that she was attracted to Mary.  Mary hugged her and Sophia promised to keep in touch.  Tracy wished Freddie good luck with his career and finding that special one.  Diego didn't want Millie to leave and began crying.  Millie held him and told him it would be ok.  She would facetime him regularly to see how he was doing.  After many tears and sad goodbyes the group finally took off to the Trump tower where they were spending the night.  (By the way, Trump and his children and their spouses are in jail for life.  But the People kept the Trump business name just for the fun of it.)

Today was very different for the girls.  Not the usual stuff.  They discovered more about gender preferences, themselves, and feelings of the heart.  Millie revealed more of her extraordinary powers.  That night Tracy called Lupe to keep her up to date.  Millie was a large part of the conversation.

Millie called Ima and told her about everything that happened that day.  Ima suggested as much as possible she continue to hold back on showing the girls her powers.  The little she's done so far may have frightened them.  "No lightning bolts from the hands, huh mom?"  "No baby.  None of that.  You have to ease them into it.  Just put yourself in their shoes and think how they would react.  They need to feel comfortable around you, not be afraid of you."  "Ok, mom."

Middle School in Brooklyn
Saturday, June 15, 2019.  The crew had a good night's rest and a hearty breakfast.  Tracy shot everyone up with her chemical strength.  Then they headed out to visit a middle school in Brooklyn.  The name is MS582.  It's in the Bushwick area.  Actually it's two schools in one building.  The other is PS196 which is preK through fifth.  Before the BC, Bushwick was primarily a Hispanic community.  The Big Change gave the population of America extraordinary mobility.   But most people across the country decided to stay where they were living.  Bushwick was no exception.  New York City still has racial segregation but it's voluntary.  People simply enjoy living within their own race and culture.  But at the same time they aren't exclusionary.  It's an interesting paradox.  In Bushwick the buildings, streets, and parks have been beautifully restored and the community couldn't be happier.  Hanna researched the educational system in NYC after the BC and decided to use MS582 as an example of school life in a thriving minority population.

Tracy and Hazel hadn't ridden the subway before, so the girls took it from Manhattan to Bushwick.  It was quite an experience.  While they were waiting for the J Train they saw Michael Bublé singing with some guys.  On the subway ride they were entertained by a saxophone player.  Then some subway acrobats came in.

Having returned to street level after an interesting train ride, Hanna asked Tracy "You ok with this?"  "Well, I've never taught a middle school class before, but I've lectured Phds in biology and chemistry.  That was fun."  Hanna said "I was a substitute teacher for a year.  You're in for a surprise.  Kids this age don't cut you any slack."  "Good.  Those are the kids I want."  

It was a short walk to the school at 207 Bushwick Avenue.  Two blocks away Hanna texted their arrival.  The principal Brian Walsh was eagerly waiting on the school steps.  He introduced himself and brought them into his office.  He was delighted they chose his school. "It's a real honor to have you.  I know if Mark Zukerberg is associated with this documentary it will be a high quality professional piece."  Hanna said "Thank you, but I'm only using Mark's name to open doors.  He doesn't know anything about video productions.  But my associate Alvin has extensive experience.  Before we get started with the interview, may we take a quick walk through the school?"  "Why yes, of course.  I'll show you the layout.  Then, as you requested, we'll stop by the 6th grade science class hopefully before the bell rings."  While Brian was escorting the group around he asked Tracy "Hanna said she had one of the nation's leading experts in microbiology available to speak to one of my science classes."  Tracy chuckled. "I know.  You're thinking I'm too young to be any kind of expert.  That's precisely why I want to speak to your eleven year olds.  I respect you for your years of service in education but there have been and continues to be somewhat of a bigoted approach to age vs. ability."  Brian said "I'm sorry, but what did you say your name was?"  "It's Tracy Smith."  "And what university did you attend?"  "I never attended a university.  I'm going to be a junior in high school."  She began laughing at Brian's expression.  "It's ok Mr. Walsh.  Just wait until I start speaking to the kids and you'll understand my credentials."

After a quick tour, the group was waiting outside the science class.  The bell rang and they went in and sat on the floor in the back of the room while the previous class was leaving.  Brian talked to the teacher while the current class was being seated.  Then he turned to the class.   "We have some special guests with us today.  I'm sure you all know Hanna Sweeten the Broadway star.  She is doing a documentary and our school will be part of it.  She also brought a friend of hers who is going to speak with you today.  She's one of the nation's leading experts in microbiology and chemistry.  Tracy... would you please come up.  Let's give her a hand."  As Tracy walked to the front the applause abruptly stopped.  The kids were quiet.  Some were giggling.  Tracy looked at the class. "Ok, let's get it out of the way.  I'm 15 years old.  But I know more about science than most people in New York City.  Ok?"  One of the brighter boys said "So what are telomeres?"  Tracy said "I like that.  You're vetting me.  I always tell my staff to never accept anything at face value.  You must always question.  You must always seek the truth."

"And to extend it... you must always stay on the side of justice, honor, character, and integrity... especially in the world of science."  The boy said "You still didn't answer my question."  Tracy responded "I'm going to tell you some things that you should already know by now.  But our education system is still too rigid to allow you to learn them so early in your life.  You eleven year olds are at the age to learn way more information than say a kid four years older than you.  You are the perfect divergents.  So hold on to your seats because we're going for a ride."  She looked at the boy who asked the question "What's your name?"  "Manny Delgado."  "Well Manny, did you know telomeres hold the ends of our DNA strands together during mitosis?"  Telomeres degrade after each cell division until they can't function anymore.  Then the cell dies."  He said "Yes, that's why I asked you because I think we can extend life if we can discover how it works."  She said "Good, but did you know the cells that produce gametes don't have this problem?  So why haven't scientists discovered the secrets of spermatogenesis?"  Another kid in class said "Now you're saying naughty words."  The class laughed.  Tracy grinned. "They say people learn better when it's funny.  I wouldn't know.  All my friends say I have anger issues."  She looked to the back to the room. "Right guys?"  Connie spoke up. "Nobody's perfect."  The class chuckled.  Tracy continued "Anyway, during spermatogenesis, that's when SPERM are produced in the body, the telomeres never degrade. And the three foot long DNA string always fold up properly.  Now how can that be?  Listen if we discovered that secret we could theoretically do the same in every cell in the body."  Manny spoke up. "We could extend the life of a human to several hundred years!"  Tracy was quiet for a moment as she walked around the class looking at all the inquisitive faces.  She responded "If we found the secret, we could make old people young again.  As long as the body cells get the proper nutrition and the people aren't run over by a truck or something, human life could theoretically be limitless."

Brian, the principal, couldn't hold his tongue "What basis do you have to take that giant leap and arrive at that wild conclusion?"  Connie in the back of the class couldn't contain herself.  She started laughing uncontrollably.  Brian said "I don't see what's so funny."  Connie said "You don't even know half of it..."  Tracy cut in "Connie's right.  Ignorance isn't bliss like some may have you believe.  Right now my people are making significant breakthroughs in this area.  Primarily in the function of some types micro RNA relating to cell division, and how DNA maintains its integrity in the nucleus.  We hope to have an answer very soon.  So Manny, naninani booboo.  I'm beating you on this one.  You're going to have to find something else to work on."  Manny said "You don't have to be a child about it.  And what is this "my people" thing?  Are you some sort of super girl?   Are you one of the young Pioneers?"  Tracy cunningly smiled. "I wish.  Then I would've already found the answer.  I would have made..." she looked to the back of the class "I would have made Connie's grandparents young again.  Wouldn't that be really b i z a r r e?  So let's keep it real.  Someday soon we will have the answer, but making old people young again is still the stuff that dreams are made of."  Connie laughed. "Try telling that to my eighteen year old grandmother." Tracy laughed with her.  The class was confused.  Connie said to the class "It's ok.  We're just kidding."  

With that introduction, Tracy spent the next forty-five minutes firing up the imaginations of twenty five kids.  She touched on many subjects in biology that the public wasn't aware of yet.  The class, Hanna, Hazel, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Millie, the science teacher, and principal Walsh were held spellbound with her brilliance and ease of explaining such complicated material.

Then she moved to the question of whether significant scientific breakthroughs would be beneficial or detrimental to society.  "Someday we will be able to make people young again.  What then?  Should be make all people young or just some of us?  Who decides?  Using what criteria?  Do we drastically limit all new births?  The earth can only sustain so many people.  Do we terminate the lives of certain people so new ones can be born?  What if I could look at your DNA and determine if you're a violent person.  Should I have the right to terminate you before you went out and maybe killed someone?   So as technology advances we will constantly be confronted with ethical issues that have to be resolved.  Thank goodness our country is a direct democracy where a super majority of the People will decide.  It's not the perfect approach, but it's the best considering the alternatives.  Does anybody have any questions?"

Manny Delgado was holding a large stapler.  He said "What about this?"  He threw it as hard as he could at her.  She instantly raised her hand and caught it in midair.  Manny said "Only a young Pioneer could do that!"

"Manny, Manny, Manny.  What am I gonna to do with you?  You can seriously hurt people by throwing staplers."  Tracy raised her hand to signal security to come into the room.  Cletus, Tom, and Mike walked in.  Mike showed Brian his badge and made him stay put in the back of the room.  Tracy said "Manny, I'm not a young Pioneer.  But I have friends that you really don't want to know.  The man standing next to you is Mr. Jackson.  He eats little boys like you for breakfast.  Do you know what it's like to be in jail and get tasered eight times a day?  All I need to do is give the word and that'll happen."  "No, no.  Please.  I'm sorry."  "I'm sorry doesn't work with me.  Are you an only child?"   "Yes.  Why?"  "For thirty days I'm going to put you in a program that will teach you respect for others.  Cletus, if you would please put him in program 307A in Phoenix.  After 30 days we will evaluate him before he returns home.  I want his parents to be there with him."  Cletus said "Yes ma'am" as he escorted the young man out of the room.  

After Manny left, Tracy looked at the stunned class staring at her.  "Mr. Jackson is with the Peoples Secret Service.  So it's ok.  I hope I did the right thing with Manny.  He seems very bright, but he has to understand not to take chances and do things that might hurt other people.  He needs to know his boundaries.  He's not going to be tortured or anything.  It'll be more like a vacation than anything else.  So don't worry.  Ok?"

Sarah Reyes, sitting next to the windows asked "Are you one of the young Pioneers?"  Tracy laughed. "If I was, I couldn't tell you.  You know that."  Sarah said "Last month my parents took me to the Peoples Monument and Museum and I saw the young Pioneer exhibits.  If you are one of them I want to thank you for everything you've done."  "Well thank you, I'm sure the young Pioneers would appreciate that.  What they want most, though, is to inspire you to be the best you can be.  You need to have available to you all of the resources necessary to learn as much as you want and as fast as you want.  Then and only then will you be able to fly to the furthest reaches of your imagination.  With that said I'm ordering a special wing to be built with a cutting edge research "hands-on" laboratory.  Every week I'll send a different world class scientist to your school so you students can perform lab experiments with her or him on their pet projects.  And, I'm putting the newest version of HAL in every classroom." 

"The People, that's with a capital P, are performing research on better ways to educate our youth.  This will be my way of getting involved.  You'll be my special project to see what it takes to illuminate your minds.  Would you like that?"  Sarah said "I know I would.  I want to be just like you.  Actually, I want to be better than you.  I want to discover the secret of life."  Tracy said "Maybe I can help get you there."  Tracy looked at the class. "So you ready to do this?"  The class just looked at her.  "Well.  I won't go to the effort if you're not excited about it.  Are you excited?  Let me hear you.  You wanna to do this?"  The kids together yelled "Yes!"  "Great. So in three months you're going to have a new addition with a much better environment for learning.  Thank you for your time.  And, I'll come by periodically see how things are going.  Spread the word."

Just then the school bell rang and kids came pouring out of classrooms.  As the group was leaving class Hanna told Brian "I'm sorry that happened with Manny."  Brian was kind of stunned.  He said "That's ok.  Manny is one of the smartest kids in the school but he's also a bully.  We've been having a difficult time dealing with him."  "Would it still be ok to interview you before we leave?"  "Of course.  Let's go back to my office."

While the interview proceeded, the rest of the group wandered the halls looking in classrooms.  One of the teachers came to her classroom door "May I help you?  We usually don't allow people in the school unless they're here for a specific reason."  Tracy respectfully said "One of our group is video recording your principal for a documentary.  We don't have anything to do so we're walking around looking at the school."  The teacher said "If you'd like, you're welcome to come in and listen.  But you have to be quiet.  Ok?  My name is Shirley Booth and I teach math."  After everyone quickly introduced themselves they quietly walked to the back and sat down.

During the lecture Nellie whispered to Tracy "This stuff is really hard.  Quadratic equations.  Even the expression is confusing."  Tracy smiled and whispered "Math is really easy because it's like constructing a building starting with the foundation and working your way up.  But you have to completely understand each piece before you move to something else because it's all connected."

Mrs. Booth said "Girls, you're whispering a little too loudly.  Is there something confusing about my lecture?"  Tracy said "No ma'am, you're doing just fine.  It's Nellie here.  She's only ten and this is all new to her."  Nellie volunteered "I do understand some algebra like figuring vectors.  I have to because I'm a pilot."  Shirley said "That's interesting.  Did you know if I stand outside and throw a ball up at a certain speed I can use the quadratic formula to tell you exactly when it will hit the ground?  All I have to know is the force applied to the ball when I throw it up and the force of gravity."  Nellie said "Wow, that's cool.  So if I threw a paper airplane, could you tell me how far it would go and when it would hit the ground?"  "Of course.  But I would have to know a few more things like air density and movement, and the aerodynamics of the paper plane, the force when you throw it, and the trajectory of the force.  It would be a bit more complicated, but yes is your answer."  Nellie smiled at Tracy while Shirley continued with her lecture.

The bell rang and everybody headed to the lunch hall.  On the way Sarah and some other 6th graders ran up to Tracy.  Miss Tracy, will you eat lunch with us today?"  "That depends.  What's on the menu?"  Sarah said "Today's Wednesday.  That means green chicken enchiladas and chile rellenos.  And they always have a great tasting avocado salad with it."  "Yum.  Bright kids and the delicious food.  I wouldn't miss it for the world.  Which way is the lunchroom?"  Sarah's friend said "It's this way.  We'll take you," as they proudly escorted the group.  

Sarah made sure there was enough room at their table to accommodate everyone.  Once the trays were down and everybody settled in, Tracy led the group in giving thanks.  Sarah said "We say prayers at home but we don't do it at school."  Tracy said "That's fine.  So I hear y'all attend school the entire year."  Nancy said "That's true, but we get part of September off, and three weeks for Christmas, and three weeks for spring break, plus a week for the 1st of July holiday of remembrance."  Tracy said "That's right.  The 1st will be here in a few weeks."  Sarah asked "Where were you when it happened."  Tracy said "I was home.  And you guys?"  Nancy spoke up "I was there that night.  We just finished supper at the freedom train restaurant and were getting ready to go to the amusement park.  But then all the lights went out and we were told not to move."  Millie was sitting next to Nancy. "You must have been really scared."  "I was.  We all were.  I got under the table.  There were explosions and machine gun fire outside and then there was silence.  We waited a long time in the dark.  Then we heard some popping sounds like gun fire far away in the direction of the amusement park.  About 30 minutes later the lights came back on and soldiers were rushing us out of the building into busses.  We were taken to a hotel in town where we spent the night.  The next morning they returned us to the museum to pick up our cars.  They had to check all the cars that night before we could drive home the next day."  Tracy said "I hear the next day at the museum was awful."  "Nancy said it was.  And I really don't want to talk about it."  Connie said "We were there, too.  It was a nightmare."  Sarah asked "Where were you when it happened?"  "In the amusement park."  "Did you see people die?"  "No, we rushed out while the lights were still on."  Nancy told Connie "You know your face looks just like the lady who took down those terrorists that night."  Millie grabbed Connie's hand as she was about to spill the beans.  She told her no with her eyes.  Millie said "Connie has heard that from a lot of people."  Nancy asked "So where are you from?"  "I'm from Chicago.  Connie and her sisters are from Newark."  Sarah said "So you're Jersey girls."  Connie said "I don't know what that means, but I guess so."

Nellie and Millie were sitting across from two students who were in Mrs. Booth's math class.  The boy facing Millie seemed a little tense.  She reached out and touched his hand. "You like going to school here?"  She did a read on him.  She felt a higher than normal level of anxiety about walking home.  "By the way, my name is Millie and this Nellie."  They fist bumped and introduced themselves as Javier and Fernie.  Javier said "Yeah, it's great.  The school is only a short distance from home.  And after school we stop at the park and play.  Nellie said "That's cool.  What do you play?"  "We usually play catch."  He reached into his backpack and pulled out a Frisbee "but today it's Frisbee."  Fernie said "I don't know if that's a good idea."  Millie asked "Why not?"  Javier said "This guy named Pete stole Fernie's glove in the park yesterday."  "What's the matter, can't he go out and buy is own glove."  "It's not that.  He's a bully.  If he's there we just go home.  But yesterday he snuck up on us."  Nellie said "The principal said today is a half day because the teachers need to finish some paperwork.  What time do you get off?"  Fernie said "As soon as we finish lunch we'll leave."  Millie said "We're not doing anything this afternoon.  Mind if we come along.  I haven't thrown a Frisbee in ages."

Nellie walked over to Tracy, whispered the problem and asked if it would be ok.  She looked at the two boys and said "Ok.  Just make sure Tom and a few other agents are close by.  The rest of us are staying here because they asked me to give a talk in the gym."

Nellie said "Great" and ran back and told the boys "I'm ready when you are."  Javier said "We don't want to babysit any girls."  Millie touched him and said "We won't be any trouble.  We just want to see the park.  You don't mind, do you?"  He said "Sure, come on."  While they were walking, Fernie was looking at Javier like he was nuts.  "What if Pete's there again.  We can't protect these girls.  We can't even protect ourselves."  Javier said "Don't worry about it.  Let's go."  

The park was two blocks away.  It had a baseball field, two basketball courts, swings and slides, and a soccer field.  Millie remarked "This place is big.  I like it."  Fernie said "I told you we shouldn't have come here.  There he is."  Nellie asked "Which one's Pete?"  He showed her.  She said "I'm going to run that way and you throw it to me.  Don't worry about Pete, he's not a problem."  Javier said "Do you have a death wish?  Forget it."  Millie touched Javier's arm and took the Frisbee.  Nellie ran in Pete's direction and Millie tossed the disk.  Pete saw it and thought "Finders keepers, losers weepers."  Just as he was about to catch it, Nellie grabbed his arm and slammed his face down hard in the grass.  "Fernie tells me you stole his baseball glove.  You know that's not very nice.  I want you to return it to him."  Pete got up, looked down and said "F-ck off pipsqueak before I hurt you."  Nellie grabbed his arm and squeezed.  Pete started screaming in pain.  "If I squeeze any harder I'll have your radius and ulna touching each other."  "Go to hell you little sh-t."  Nellie threw him to the ground again then bounced dragged him to Javier, Fernie, and Millie.  "So Millie, I'm the warrior, but you're the genius.  What should we do with him?"  He was screaming and trying to get up but Nellie kept holding him down while he cursed at her.  "Shut up, Pete.  I'm busy talking."  She slapped him extremely hard and almost knocked him out.  She continued "Millie, from what I know about you so far is anything you do to make him better may not last.  He needs to have the fear of God put in him.  Don't you think?"  Pete kicked Nellie in the leg.  She was holding his arm near his shoulder and started shaking it so hard his whole body was bouncing on the ground.  "Dang it Pete, settle down.  I'm talking to Millie."  Millie said "You're right.  Do what you need to do."  Nellie raised her hand and signaled.  In a minute Tom came running up.  "Yes ma'am."  "Please have this guy incarcerated with the usual taser treatments.  Have him released after a month, but make sure he and his family live on the other side of the country.  And, please bring Fernie's glove back."  "Yes ma'am."  Tom punched him in the face knocking him out.   He tossed him over his shoulder to a waiting Suburban.  Fernie nervously asked "Who are you two?"  "Right now we're your best friends.  Come on, let's finish playing."  Fernie said "I don't know.  Who was that guy and who are you two?  How could you take Pete down like that?"  Nellie said "I have a black belt in several martial arts.  And, my parents are very important people.  We have bodyguards."

So they continued to toss the Frisbee.  After an hour they were pooped out and decided to rest on some benches.  Tom came back with Fernie's glove.  "Here you go, bud.  You really did a good job working the sweet spot.  It's soft as a kitten's belly."  Nellie said "Fernie, Javier, this is Tom.  He's one of the best warriors on earth."  Tom said "Nellie exaggerates.  It's good to meet you."  He sat down next to the boys "Listen, here's my card.  If you ever have any problems with guys like Pete, just call this number and we'll take care of it.  Is that ok with you, Nellie?"  "Of course.  Thanks, Tom."  

Millie took the Frisbee and said "Check this out you guys."  She threw it very hard and high.  Nellie said "So?"  Millie held her hand up and the Frisbee slowly curved and returned back to her hand.  "How'd you do that!" exclaimed Javier.  "It's all in the wrist."  Javier and Fernie tried and tried without any success.  Nellie whispered "You just wanted to show off one of your abilities.  What you're doing to these guys is like having toddlers chase after their own shadows."  Millie said "I didn't think of that.  Hey guys.  Stop!  You'll never be able to do it."  Javier came walking up "Why not?"  "Because I have magical powers that will pull the Frisbee back to me."  He said "Right, dream on."   

Tracy and the girls with a couple dozen kids came walking into the park.  Tracy declared "They're like magnets.  All during the walk they've been asking me not to leave.  'Stay with us, Miss Tracy'.  One of them said 'Look, we've got basketballs.  Please stay and play with us.'  So here we are to shoot a few."  Millie said "We're played out.  You guys go ahead."  For Tracy, the fun brought back fond memories of much simpler times. 

Today was one of the highlights of the entire trip.  The running, shouting, and the camaraderie shared with kids they met only a few hours earlier made the experience superlative.  But like with all things, it was drawing to an end.  It was late afternoon.  The group gathered around Tracy resting on the grass.  Come to find out, Tracy is an excellent story teller.  She held the kids spellbound as she unfurled the details of some of her experimental exploits when she was their age.  She filled them with a sense of power that they could do anything, and at the same time she made it very funny.  

When it came time to leave Tracy apologized. "I'm sorry guys but we need to take off."  A Black Hawk was touching down on the grass.  "I'll be here the next month or so to see how y'all are doing."  The kids hugged her goodbye.  "Thanks for a great day.  Take care."  After ten minutes of goodbyes the group with Nellie as co-pilot proceeded to Trump Tower.

Millie was distressed
They had a nice supper then off to bed to get ready for a long day tomorrow.  Nellie and Millie slept on separate beds in the same room.  At about two in the morning on Sunday, June 16, 2019, Millie woke up.  She was completely out of sorts.  "Nellie, wake up. Nellie."  "What. What's the matter?"  "I think I'm having a reaction to the strength chemicals Tracy gave me."  "What?"  "Nellie, listen to me.  I was half awake and half asleep.  I was seeing my mind filing pictures away.  They were things I saw today.  I could see some were thrown away and some were saved next to pictures that were on the same subject.  The really scary part was the subway pics.  There were many I didn't recognize.  And the people were wearing clothes from the middle 1900s.  How did those get in there?  I saw how my mind captures images and keeps them.  I saw what happens between what the eye senses and how it's converted to images for my mind.  Computers store in offs and ons, zeros and ones.  But the mind goes way beyond that.  It captures pictures in waves.  A photo will be layers of waves stacked on top of each other that form an image. The image appears still but it is really moving.  It's alive.  It's atoms grouped in strings of waves ever moving to retain their integrity.  But it's more than atoms it's another kind of force that I've never felt or seen before.  Not so much force as it is presence.  It's just there holding or retaining stuff."

Nellie turned on another light. "Are you ok?  Cause all that shit you're saying is really off the wall crazy, Millie.  Come here.  Let me feel your forehead.  You don't have a temperature."  "I feel fine.  But just in case, can you walk around the hotel with me for a while?  I really don't want to go back to sleep."  Nellie called Tracy and she called Lupe.  Lupe was on the Trump tower roof in ten minutes.  Tracy, Nellie, and Millie were waiting in their pajamas.  Lupe Blinked them back to White Sands.  As they were walking into the medical treatment ward, Lupe asked Millie how she felt.  "Ok.  I just don't want my conscious to see my subconscious again."  Tracy said "We're going to hook you up to our brain telemetry system."  Jacob Jackson came running into the room.  "How is she?  Is she ok?"  Lupe replied "Ask her."  "Millie, how do you feel?"  "Ok.  You didn't have to make a big production out of this."  "We're not.  We just don't want any damage to occur to your beautiful brain."  He looked over to Molly. "What are you reading?"  Molly said "Like I told you before, I can't get any readings on her.  There's something going on that I need to compensate for."  Jacob looked over at Tracy in a semi-angry manner then told Millie "We should have evaluated you as soon as you left Chicago.  But we didn't.  Tracy assumed you were like everybody else and gave you some strength chemicals thinking there would be no consequences.  But apparently there was."  

"We need to hook you up to some sensors to see what's going on.  At least I hope we'll be able to."  Millie touched Jacob to calm him down.   "I know who you are from your speech at the memorial, but we've never met."  "I'm sorry I didn't introduce myself.  When you touched me I felt all my anxiety disappear.  Lupe was right.  You are an extra-ordinary human being.  So you can understand why it's imperative we don't hurt you in any way whatsoever."

Millie stood. "All of you need to calm down.  I'm feeling stress from everyone in this room.  Calm down.  I'm OK...  Look, I've never had that happen before.  It was as if my conscious mind was able to enter a part of my subconscious mind.  And I didn't like it because it was doing things I had no control over."  Jacob asked "What do you mean?"  Millie responded "Imagine you have a thousand pictures in your hand.  You grab them like a deck of cards and hold your thumb at the top and make the pictures fly by extremely fast.  So fast you can hardly see the images.  Now on a table next to you is a picture of the front of a house with rose bushes.  That picture needs to be filed away.  So my brain goes through a stack of pictures until it gets closer to pictures that look the same.  As it's getting closer it slows down until it's in an area of pictures that look very much like the picture it wants to file away.  It will flip slowly forward and then backward until it's almost exactly like the pic to be added.  And pop, it goes in.   I'm looking at all of this and I have no control.  It's like somebody else is doing everything and I'm just watching.  It's really crazy because it's all happening in MY mind.  But it's not harmful or painful to me.  What was really weird is I saw today's pictures on the subway being filed away with pictures I've never seen before.  The people on the subway were dressed like in the middle 1900s." 

She went on "Usually when I sleep, everything goes dark and then I wake up in the morning feeling good.  Every once in a while I'll wake up during the night from a dream.  The dreams are like unfolding video stories.  Sometimes when I wake up the dream isn't going like I want.  Sometimes I'm in another person's body looking through their eyes at what's going on around them.  Sometimes I'll see something that will happen to them.  And sometimes I dream about things that will happen to me.  When they or I get a little too emotional I wake up.  So I get up and walk around.  Maybe go to the bathroom or drink some milk with a couple chocolate chip cookies.  Then I'll go back to bed and everything's fine.  But tonight was totally different.  It seems night is the time for part of my brain to rest while the other part gets busy organizing and filing everything away.  It doesn't hurt to see my mind busy at night.  I'd just rather rest and not see all that going on.  Ok?  The part of sleep that shows me dreams I still want to see." 

Jacob looked at Lupe. "This is further proof of your temporal consciousness that you've been talking about.  If what Millie is saying is correct, then our being extends across many lives and possibly into other people who are alive at the same time she is.  This is extremely fascinating."

Millie cynically said "Hey, it's great being your lab mouse."  Jacob answered "I didn't mean it that way.  You're an extraordinary person with powers and abilities that you yourself may not even know about."  Millie extended her arm and pointed her hand at the door "You mean like this?" and a small bead of blue electricity travelled to the doorknob.  "And this?" as she made the door open without touching it.  Jacob said "But those you already know about.  I believe we can learn from each other.  We need to teach you not to overextend yourself.  Like running too hard in a race.  And in the process I hope we can learn more about your physiology."  

He stopped because he saw Millie looking at him with very cheerless concerned and worried eyes.  He took a few paces with his hands locked behind him.   He turned back. "Millie, we're going to help you another way.  Nobody likes the idea of being examined and poked and prodded."

In a soft and caring voice he said "I want you to know you are now part of our family."  He looked at the others in the room. "Tonight we are officially making you one of the new young Pioneers."  She looked up with questioning eyes.  He continued "That's right.  You will now be part of everything we do.  And along with Lupe, Molly, Tracy, your true identity will be kept a secret.  Is everybody with me on this?"  The whole room said yes.  Jacob continued "And as far as that dream goes, we will make sure and NOT give you any kind of drugs unless we test them in tiny doses first under laboratory conditions.  The strength drug wears off in a couple days.  So I hope tonight is the only night where you will have this experience of seeing your subconscious mind putting things away.  I don't want to give you any drugs to tranquilize you.  But I am going to do something else that I believe will help you more than any chemical."  Millie asked "What's that?"  "I want everybody in this room to hold hands.  We are going to form a circle.  I'll hold Millie's left hand and Lupe you hold her right."  They did, then Jacob said "Now I want everybody to think of something very calming like a gentle waterfall cascading down rocks next to a green pasture.  Does everyone have their own happy thought?"  He looked at everyone.  "Great, now think about how much we care for Millie.  Think about how wonderful she's going to feel when she wakes up after a restful sleep.  But most of all I want you to think about how much you love this little girl.  A girl who came to us only a few days ago.  A girl who needs our help.  A girl who we will care for."  He looked over at Millie. "How's it working?"  Millie smiled "A little on the dramatic side but it does feel nice."  Jacob said "They told me about how you held Diego yesterday to make him feel loved.  So I figured it works both ways."  Millie said "Are you guys watching my every move?"  Jacob said "We're watching over each other to make sure we're safe and happy.  You included."  After five minutes of this silent touch therapy Jacob noticed Millie's eyelids were getting heavy.  He said "I think it's time to sleep...  Nellie... please lay down on the bed next to Millie with your back to her.  Here, take these nice fluffy pillows.   Millie... you lay next to Nellie and put your arm around her waist and both of you will go to sleep.  Millie, if you feel the need, you pull strength from Nellie to protect you.  She's a warrior.  It's her job...  Ok?  So both of you relax and have a good night's rest."  Nellie yawned. "Ok Jacob." as she was settling in.  He motioned to the group to be silent and quietly walk out.  He turned the light off and gently shut the door.  Tracy asked "No telemetry?"  He responded "Don't need it.  She'll be just fine."

Millie said "Good night Nellie."  "Good night Millie."  Within sixty seconds they were both asleep.  Deep in her dream world, Millie felt Nellie's powerful spirit closely watching over her.  Later their dreams converged into the far reaches of the ancient past.  A past that was all too real.  A past that actually was, where Millie was desperately running from a large hungry wolf with long steely fangs and slobber flying from its mouth.  She was screaming glancing back, running so fast her legs were without feeling.  The red eyed demon was catching up and about to devour her.  Nellie, her sworn protector, was riding a dragon high up in the night sky approaching as fast as possible.  Before the wolf could reach Millie she flew down perpendicular to the running and the dragon blasted him with an intense consuming fire sending him back to the evil grotesqueness of Hell.  The giant dragon landed and Millie climbed up behind Nellie.  Both held fast to the meaty barbs rising from its back.   The beast let out an ear piercing shriek as it flapped its massive leathery wings and lifted off the earth heading to the safety of a soft cloud well above any danger.  With their spirits assured of a peaceful rest the two slept soundly for the remainder of the night.

The young Pioneers slept at the facility to be close in case there were any problems.  When they woke at 7:00am (NYC time) they were relieved to see Millie and Nellie still sleeping.  Lupe called Ima that night.   She drove to the facility and was asleep outside Millie's door.  

"Ms. Watson...  Ima..."  Ima woke to see Lupe's face. "How is she?"  "The staff checked on her a few minutes ago.  They're sleeping very soundly.  Everything seems to be ok."  "Thank God."  "Ms. Watson, you didn't tell us about all of your daughter's powers.  We really need to know about her.  First we should have done a biological profile on Millie, like what illnesses she's had and what medications she takes."  Ima said "Millie has never been sick.  Not even a cold or a headache.  She's had scrapes and cuts.  But we just cleaned them with soap and water and put a bandage on.  She heals quickly.   She has never taken any medicine.  Not even an aspirin.  And as far as her powers go, I didn't want you to be afraid of her.  So I had her hold back and slowly show your group the wonderful things she can do.  I told Millie to be careful.  I told her to reveal things about herself when she feels comfortable about it.  Not before."  

Lupe sat next to Ima. "I understand your concerns.  What we need to do is treat Millie just like anybody else.  Except we can't introduce any chemicals into her system without understanding the consequences.  But just like I'm treated, we have to make Millie feel comfortable, we need to make her feel she is absolutely normal, and we want her to be safe and happy and part of our family."  Ima said "I've always encouraged and made a big deal about Millie's accomplishments.  I want her to understand who she is, to be self-assured and not self-absorbed.  Actually Millie is her own boss who decides and does exactly what she wants.  Most of the time I have no control over her.  Thank goodness she's a good person.  And I'm not just saying that.  Since she was a toddler she has always been empathetic to others.  I remember her first annual visit to the doctor.  In the waiting room she walked over to a father holding his little baby.  She said "Hello.  My name is Millie.  You have a beautiful little girl.  May I see her up close?"  He brought his baby down to her level and Millie touched her hand.  Millie looked up at the father and said "She's very healthy.  You've done a good job."  He said his daughter's name was Jessica.  As Millie was holding her hand, Jessica was smiling and making happy little baby sounds.  "I don't know how she did it but Millie told the father his daughter was part American Indian and part European, and he could tell by looking at her back.  There will be a tiny bruise at the middle top of her back to show she was Indian, and there will be a bruise at the bottom middle of her back to show she is European.  The father looked at me and said that's exactly what her back looks like.  He asked me how she knew.  I didn't have an answer.  I said she surprises me every day."  Lupe said "That's amazing."  Ima continued "But this is what really threw me.  As Millie was holding the baby's hand she looked up at the father and said Jessica is telling me your name is Ed and she wants you to know the lady who helped take care of her yesterday hit her in the face.  She asked me to tell you not to have her there anymore.  She is a bad person."  Lupe said "That's really interesting.  She can read minds?"  "Yes.  But in this case I think she understood the baby's babble.  Anyway the father pulled his baby away from Millie and asked how she knew his name and how she knew his mother helped take care of her yesterday.  He was very upset.  I said all I know is you should keep your daughter away from your mother.  Since Jessica is a dark skinned Hispanic, your mother may be prejudiced to the point of wanting to hurt her."  Lupe said "That really sucks."  Ima continued "Ed was so upset he immediately left.  So you can see that Millie has it in her nature to be kind and to help other people.  It makes her feel good.  Her attitude is always sunshine when people around her are happy."  

Lupe looked into Ima's eyes. "Last night, the young Pioneers in the facility along with Summer by phone... we made your daughter a new young Pioneer.  This year we will have five more new young Pioneers and Millie is now one of them.  We feel it is imperative she be part of a family of peers who will understand and love her and protect her."  Ima looked off into space and sat silently for a moment.  She began tearing up. "I just want my baby to be happy.  I hope all of this isn't too much for her.  I don't want her to feel any burden of having to live up to some image of a superhero."  Lupe said "Millie already knows she's a superhero.  But she's been living in isolation concerning who and what she is.  We'll give her some elbow room to relax and be who she wants to be.  We won't make a big deal out of anything.  There will be no pressure.  In fact most of the time, each of us are encouraging the other to tone down the self-imposed pressure to succeed."

Ima said "Millie is my top priority in life.  I always need to know what's happening with my baby.  Ok?"  "Absolutely.  My father doesn't go a day without knowing exactly what I'm doing.  He loves me more than anything else in the world.  So, I understand your feelings."

Lupe continued "After they wake up and if it's ok with you, they're going back to New York City and continue visiting places for Hanna's documentary.  In other words we're going to show Millie what happened last night was no big deal.  That we took care of it.  We will all go about our normal daily activities.  But for my own personal peace of mind for several days, Molly and I will go along too.  Is that ok?"  Ima thought for a moment "I agree. We shouldn't make a big deal out of this.  I don't want her to feel anxious about herself.  There is no reason.  And it's nice she's around people who know her for who she is and openly accepts her.  So yes, take her to New York and let her have some fun."  Lupe hugged Ima as they both thanked each other.

Millie and Nellie woke up and did their morning clean up routine.  Security had a fresh change of clothes waiting.  Ima, Millie, Nellie, Lupe, Molly, and Tracy, had breakfast together.  Lots of stories and laughter.  It was a relief that Millie was back to normal again.

Horace Mann school
12:30 in the afternoon, Sunday, June 16, 2019.  Lupe and the group Blinked to a secluded area of the tarmac at LaGuardia Airport.  They ducked into a Blackhawk and in a few minutes landed on the rooftop of Trump Tower.  That morning Connie, Sophia, Hanna, and Hazel were checking out all the posh apparel stores in Trump Tower.  The girls bought some new designer runners.  Hanna couldn't resist a beautiful pair of handcrafted Zuni turquoise earrings.  Hazel bought two beautiful white floppy summer hats for those hot sunny days in Las Cruces.  

Next stop was Horace Mann School.  Lupe wasn't much for wasting time so they flew several armed Blackhawks twenty-five hundred feet over Manhattan. Their radar picked up three Apaches approaching from the south at two thousand.  It was General Steele.  They exchanged pleasantries on a secure channel.  Cindy was checking for enemy submarines that may be in the harbor or off the Long Island coast.  A satellite had alerted them of the possibility.  Lupe wished them good hunting.

In a few minutes they landed on the grass in a corner of the building compound.  Horace Mann is the best private school in the New York City area.  Grades are from K thru 12 with an annual tuition of $43,000.

Sadly, before the BC there was controversy at the school.  Claims were made by ex-students that some of the faculty at the school had sexually molested them.  A total of sixty three graduates had come forward and told their story.  The abuse had been reported for years, yet no one was arrested.  After the BC the school's employees, past and present, were forced to take polygraph tests.  The ones who failed were incarcerated for ninety days with taser treatments eight times a day.  The males had their genitals removed.  And they were placed at factory jobs after being released from prison.  The people within the New York justice system who were given the responsibility to investigate, arrest, and prosecute who did nothing were also arrested and given the same punishment.  The remainder of the faculty and employees at Horace Mann were fired and a new staff of employee/owners were hired.  Every candidate had to take an enhanced MMPI and a polygraph test simultaneously to determine if they were suitable for the job.  

This story had received national attention.  The People said when individuals are appointed as trustees of schools they have the fiduciary responsibility to ensure the environment is safe for all.  If a complaint of abuse is made, it must be investigated and resolved immediately.  That didn't happen at Horace Mann School.  This is a list of the Trustees at that time: Steven M. Friedman, Carolyn Okin, Michael D. Colacino, Edward Levy, Matthew Mark, Tracei Akarlilar, Glenn August, Michael Bennett, Daniel Benton, Steven C. Bussey, Chul Chung, Ellen Davis, Ronald Dickerman, Laurence S. Grafstein, Lawrence Otis Graham, Michael Heller, Howard P. Kagan, Dominic C. Kulik, Justin D. Lerer, Howard W. Lutnick, Monica M. Mandelli, Eric Mindich, Manish Mittal, Wesley Mittman LePatner, William Montgomery, Andrea L. Olshan, Robert O. Owens, Michael A. Pruzan, Richard Ruben, Amanda R. Salzhauer, Thomas Shapiro, Samona Joe Tait, Catherine Goodstein Wallace.  The People of the US ordered these individuals to be jailed for ten years with tasing twice a day.  Our government wanted to leave a strong message to all school trustees about how important their responsibilities are.  It must have worked because years later there have been no abuse cover ups at any school in our country.

Tina Fey Goodall the school President was there to greet the guests as they stepped from the choppers.  "Hello everybody.  It's such an honor to have you here."  Hanna said "The honor is ours.  We are so happy you agreed to be interviewed."  Tina said "Oh, please let's get out of this stifling heat and go inside where it's habitable.  This June sun really makes a lady perspire."  Tina was almost an albino with her paper white skin, very pale blue eyes, and natural straw blonde hair.  As they were walking into the administration office one of the workers jumped up with a clean fluffy white cotton towel. "Please let me help you".  Tina stood still allowing her to pat the sweat off her face.  "Thank you, Maria.  It's so blistering hot out there.  I don't think I could have stood another five minutes."

Hanna was very impressed. "You have some nice offices.  The warm mahogany woodwork, the early American artwork, the imported antique furniture.  It's like stepping back a hundred years."  "Thank you Hanna.  Please sit down."  Tina's office was beautiful and spacious with gilded French provincial chairs and divans, posh end tables and coffee tables.  All the upholstery was hand embroidered.  The floor was 132 year old oak, covered with ornate early nineteenth century Persian rugs.  You could smell the richness of the room.

Everybody was introduced.  Tina offered "May I get you something to drink?  We have some excellent ice tea."  Tracy said "That sounds good.  I'll take a small glass please."  To be cordial the others requested the same.  Tina noticed "Tracy, your voice gives away your Southern childhood."  "Why yes, I'm from Georgia.  We grew up on sweet lemon ice tea.  Right mom?  She taught me how to make it.  The secret is making sure the sugar is poured in and stirred before the water is heated.  Then the tea is steeped in the hot liquid for the proper amount of time and allowed to cool before being poured over crackling ice."  Lupe said "She really loves her ice tea."  Tina glanced at Lupe ignoring her.  Then she turned her attention to Hanna "I saw 'An American in Paris' three times last year, and loved every performance.  You are so incredibly talented.  It's really an honor to be in your documentary.  You did say it would be televised nationally?"  Hanna smiled. "Yes it will.   But while I'm interviewing you, may the rest of the group take a tour of this beautiful school?  It's better to have a 'one on one' without others in the room."  "Well of course.  Would you like to take the official tour?  I have a girl named Betty who would love to show you around."  Hanna said "That would be great.  They'd like to take their time and absorb everything."  Tina told the girls. "Take as long as you like.  Hanna and I will be here when you come back."  

Betty Curlin took the group on the thirty minute canned tour.  As she was winding up, Lupe asked "Could we go back to the Gratwick Science Wing and maybe sit in on a classroom session."  Betty said "This is highly unusual.  I need to call Ms. Goodall for her approval.  After Betty got off the phone she said "Ms. Goodall would prefer you return to the main office and we can arrange a classroom visit another day."  Lupe said "Excuse me for a second.  She made a quick phone call to Sergey Brin who is involved with the education overseers in the US.  He had a representative of the overseers call Tina and recommend she allow the group to go anywhere and do anything on that campus.  Tina wanted to know why, and the response was they are very important people who could easily affect her future.  With that tidbit of information Tina called Betty and told her exactly what she had been told.  After Betty concluded the phone conversation she turned to Lupe. "It would be my pleasure to take you to Gratwick.  Please follow me."  Lupe said "Do the sixth graders here take physics?"  "Yes they do.  Would you like to go to the physics classroom?"  "Sure."  Betty took them to the outside of Mrs. Strickland's classroom.  They waited ten minutes until the bell rang.  Students began piling out of class, while Lupe made her way in.  She saw a lady dressed very prim and proper in her mid-forties seated going over her notes for the next class session.  Lupe walked up. "Hello.  My name is Lupe Solis and if you don't mind, our group would like to sit in on your next period's class.  I promise we'll be quiet as a mouse."  Mrs. Strickland said "This is highly unusual.  Do you have permission to even be here?  Exactly who are you?"  Lupe said "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to barge in but I'm evaluating this school, especially the science section.  My name again is Lupe Solis.  Betty here will get Ms. Goodall on the phone to explain."  She did.  After Mrs. Strickland got off she said "Again this is highly unusual but Tina said to allow you to do anything you want.  Who are you with again?"  "Relax, Mrs. Strickland, I just want to listen to your lecture and maybe speak to your class and get some feedback."  Strickland excoriated "I really don't appreciate this.  I don't care who you are!  As far as I'm concerned you're just a puerile inane teenager on an ego trip with important friends who gave you this power.  Do what you like, but I won't be a party to this insolence...  this, this contemptuous impudence!" and she walked out.  By now the class was all settled in their seats wondering what was going on.  Lupe looked at the kids. "She really left in a huff, didn't she.  Is she friendly at all?  A boy named Lance said "She's very strict.  We call her Mrs. Strict instead of Strickland."  The class laughed.  Lupe said "I'm sure she's a very good teacher.  So where are the HAL units?"  A girl named Janie said "They're in the science lab."  "Do you guys use HAL very much?"  Lance said "Not that much.  Mrs. Strict says we can learn more from her than a computer."  Lupe said "That's interesting. It seems like this school isn't following the "Opportunity for all Kids" program that was instituted last year."  Lance said "We don't know.  We're just here for the ride."  "Let me introduce you to my group.  This is Tracy, her mom Hazel, Molly, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, and Millie.  Another member of our group, Hanna Sweetin, is currently video interviewing Ms. Tina Goodall.  Hanna is doing a documentary that will air this fall on TV.  Do you like Mrs. Goodall?"  Janie said "We can't answer questions like that.  It could get us into deep trouble."  "Yeah, I know what you mean.  Forget I asked."  She continued "So... My name is Lupe and I'm pretty good at physics.  We're in a physics class so why don't I entertain you for the next forty-five minutes going over some new stuff that your teacher probably doesn't know about."  Janie asked "Who are you again?  Aren't you a high school student?"  "Yes I am and I do physics research in a world class laboratory.  I'm taking some time off to be in the Big Apple.  Every once in a while I need to clear my mind and relax.  So are you ready?"  Lance said "Go for it."  

Being careful not to give away any secrets about her work she explained in an enjoyable fashion some new discoveries in science.  She covered such things as how cold fusion works and explained the limitations currently preventing it from being used universally.  She delved into the old theories of magnetism and explained what we didn't previously know, primarily the open force fields of harmony which is opposite to a diode effect.  She explained how a capacitor is a short-term variant of a special pulsing permanent magnet she created.  She captured the kid's minds when she jumped into Newton's first law of motion.  She asked the class "What happens if you hit a baseball?"  A kid answered "Hopefully you'll hit a home run."  "That true.  The thing that would keep that ball from a home run is direction, velocity, gravity and the friction of air.  But if you were in outer space and you hit a ball it would travel infinitely at the same speed in the same direction until altered by another force."  Lance spoke up "But we already know that."  Lupe said "But do you know why it wants to continue traveling at the same speed the force pushed it?  Now that's a good question, huh?  It all has to do with harmony.  Everything in the universe is seeking balance and harmony.  See, the bat pushed the ball and it went flying.  But the ball didn't do anything.  And it's not going to do anything accept stay in harmony.  In fact before the ball was hit, there were forces in that ball that said I'm not going to move out of my harmony.  So it took a greater force to move it.  In other words if I was up in outer space and I'm next to a giant ship, it would take a lot of energy to move that ship."  Lance said "Because it has a large mass."  "Correct. The larger the "mass" the more internal harmonic force of resistance it has.  But if the ship's velocity was increased by one mile per hour it would want to maintain that velocity."  Lance said "But you didn't tell us why."  Lupe said "Because it has a four dimensional special internal gravitational gyroscopic effect.  Mass is nothing but spinning atoms spinning in every direction and believe it or not at different speeds.  Then on top of that, the atomic movements have reflections of the past and the future while it exists in the present."

Tracy and Molly stood up very concerned.  Lupe looked to the back. "Chillax you guys.  Sit down."  A girl named Nancy said "So what are you saying time is?"  Lupe smiled "Time is harmonious flow and movement.  It is the action of waves including the echoes of waves gone by and those waves yet to occur."  Did you know I can save data onto a disk most efficiently by writing it in a circular motion?  Like when you get a pencil and make a circle, then move a pinch over without taking the point off the paper and make another circle and so on.  When you're done it will look like one large black cylinder squished flat."  Nancy asked "You would destroy the old data when you write over it in a circular pattern."  "No you wouldn't.  It's because the ferrous surface can retain many layers or echoes of the permanent magnetic energy placed on it.  You can see into the past."  Lance said "Wow.  Are you sure you can do that?"  Lupe said "What's really wild is sometimes I have been able to look into matter and see its future."  The whole class started saying "No way.  That's impossible.  You can't do that."  Lupe laughed and picked up a pink eraser from a kid's desk and threw it at Tracy.  Tracy caught it and said "Thanks, I've been wanting one of these."  Lupe looked around. "I could tell the future before I picked up the eraser.  And it occurred as I thought it would.  Tracy, toss the eraser back.  The girl I took it from is giving me the evil eye."

The class was silent for a moment.  Lance said "Now you're really confusing us.  These things don't relate at all to each other.  You're meshing together different stuff that don't make any sense to demonstrate your point.  And you're only about four years older than us.  How can you be such an expert?"  Lupe said "I have to speak in generalities and metaphors because this information is very volatile if it gets in the wrong hands.  I work at a research facility that is on the cutting edge of our current knowledge.  And being young for the most part has nothing to do with ability.  You eleven year olds are what we call the perfect divergents who can learn much faster and are much more imaginative than people twice your age.  But let me get back to my talk.  Just remember this:  As far as science is concerned, there is nothing cut in stone.  Rules were made to be broken.  For example, Newton's laws of motion are only observations in this natural existence that you see around us.  What I'm saying is changing the movement of a mass is only the tiny tip of what Newton should have written about.  And motion of that mass is completely superfluous.  The most important fact of mass is its harmony and how time blends into it."  Another kid in the class said "We wish you'd be more specific.  I'd like to understand it.  I'd like to know what the force is that causes opposite poles to attract."  Lupe responded "We have drilled down to super subatomic particles and we still can't see that force you're talking about.  But we're coming closer to the answer.   And, in my experiments I've seen something very curious.  It's not a simple positive and negative being compelled to join to each other but being kept apart by centripetal motion, or seemingly that.  It's not black and white, on and off.  There seems to be a conscience or intelligence at a super tiny level.  Sure there are rules or axioms where we find predictability, but there seems to be a harmony way down there that responds to stimulus in a non-predictable manner.  Like the double slit study, which you will eventually learn about, where outcomes differ when observed versus not observed.  But now we know it's more than that.

Here's an example.  Sometimes I like classical music and sometimes I like rock.  I don't respond to the same stimuli, in this case music, the same way all the time.  Same with these forces.   I still don't know what it is but I can tell you it is sentient, responsive, and aware.  And amazingly the lowest discernable level has tentacle like projections that reach up into the larger world and down into an abyss of the super small.  All of this around us is aware of trigonometric velocity, rate of oscillations, size, dimension, and understanding where something was versus where it is right now and unless altered where it will be.  This is what I would call time.  At the moment, that's as far as I know.

Lupe continued "Today I just wanted you to understand that physics is the most exciting thing you could possibly want to study.  Classes across the US are teaching mostly the old stuff and rolling relational math into it.  But the old stuff is just observations with not many reasons attached.  Just relationships.  That's where you come in.  You're the generation that will tell me why light travels at 186,000 miles per second.  So it travels very fast.  Big deal.  You are going to tell me why.  Now that will be a big deal.  That's exactly what I want to see from you eleven year olds.   And your generation may show me that the speed of light is actually slow compared to other phenomenon we can't yet detect.  And you may also show me that light is super high velocity, super short, extremely high amplitude waves of a form of dark energy.  Who knows.

Lupe stopped for a moment...  "I have an idea.  I'll make sure this school has everything you need to completely understand today's physics.  And contrary to what you think because of the boring teaching methods used... physics is easy and fun."   Lance said "Can you do anything about Mrs. Strict?"  Lupe laughed. "Yeah, I know what you mean.  But people like her are important.  What I'm going to do is augment her by sending some wild and crazy scientists over here to show you a bunch of experiments that will capture your imagination and punch up your 'WOW' factor."  She giggled. "Because if it's not fun, it's not worth doing.  Right?"  The class was silent.  She asked again. "Right?  Oh, come on.  Let me hear some enthusiasm.  Right?"  The kids went "Right!"  That's the energy I like to see.  And tell your parents not to worry.  Your tuition won't go up.  I'll do this for free.  But in return I want to see you have some crazy fun.  I'll be back in a couple months to check on everything."  

Tracy had told Lupe about her plans to add improvements to a school in Bushwick.  Lupe thought why not also do it here then compare.  Both were concerned that the "Opportunity for all Kids" program wasn't being adequately implemented.

Lupe held the kids attention for the remainder of the period as she opened the fascinating world of physics to their minds.

The school bell rang.  The kids thanked Lupe as they walked out.  Millie came up. "I could feel you were very tense.  Is anything wrong?"  "I just didn't know what to say.  I wanted to get the kids excited but I confused them more than anything.  I couldn't tell them everything.  I don't even know if what I told them was too much."  "Maybe you're trying too hard.  You don't have to prove anything to anybody. You could've sat quietly in the back and had Tracy or Molly speak to the class.  Then tomorrow you'd make some phone calls to have any improvements put in that you felt were necessary."  "You're right.  Sometimes it's good to just be quiet and delegate."

Lupe was sitting on the edge of the teacher's desk.  Millie said "It's ok.  Your intentions were good..."  Then she whispered "Hey, you wanna see something?  I'll put a slight charge on the teacher's seat."  Lupe said "What?"  Millie quietly responded "I can create a high voltage low amp effect just like with static electricity.  You talking about capacitors reminded me that I can create a capacitor effect in the air, then juice it up.  Look."  She bent down and a tiny blue line of light came from her hand to just above the seat.  She filled the area with light, then dimmed it.  "That's it.  It's ready."  Just as she finished saying it, Mrs. Strickland walked into the classroom wearing a disgusted look.  The others in the group were waiting in the hallway.  Lupe and Millie were walking out.  Lupe said "I'm sorry Mrs. Strickland.  It won't happen again.  Thank you for being so patient."  Mrs. Strickland said "Good.  Now may I teach my next class?"  "Yes ma'am, of course."  As Lupe and the group were walking down the hallway they heard a loud cracking sound and a quick scream.  Lupe looked at Millie and smiled.  Millie said "Retribution is a dish best served cold.  But this time we couldn't wait. (snicker, snicker)"

The student named Janie came running up.  "Lupe, we're having a chess tournament in the next building.  It's starting right now.  Would you like to come?"  Lupe thought it was a fantastic idea.  Molly and Tracy were also eager to check it out.  Connie said "You guys go ahead.  Mary here invited me to a fashion workshop across campus.  Sophia and Hazel decided to go with Connie.  Nellie and Millie weren't interested in either choice, so they went outside to watch a baseball game.

Janie opened the door to a large room with long tables and a bazillion kids.  Chess sets were everywhere.  It was heaven on earth for the young Pioneers.  Janie said "Today is grades one through twelve.  They decided to have open competition because some younger players are better than many twelfth graders."  Lupe's mouth watered as she examined the magnificent game boards and exquisite chess pieces.  "Wow.  Hand carved pieces on beautiful inlaid chess boards.  Oh my gosh, look at this Murano Venetian glass chess set.  Have you ever seen anything this beautiful?"

Janie said "We're starting in a few minutes.  Not all students will compete at once.  Those waiting their turn will be able to see three alumni demonstrate how to play chess at a grand masters level."  "Oh really?  Are they going to play each other or take on challengers?"  Janie said "I'm not sure.  You need to ask."  She led them to a roped off area that had a small square table with a chess set, timer, and two chairs.  "That's them" as she pointed to three older teenagers speaking to each other in a corner away from the table.  Lupe said "Thanks Janie, we'll take it from here."  The young Pioneers walked up.  Lupe said "Hi, I hear you're pretty good chess players."  "Yes we are, and who are you?"  "My name is Lupe, this is Tracy, and this is Molly.  I'd like to take you on."  The leader conceitedly smiled. "Do you know who you're talking to?"  "I was told you think your hot shit on a chess board.  So who are you guys?"  He was becoming a little miffed. "My name is Larry LeFrak, he's Terry Ross, and this is Mo Rennert."  Tracy kidded "Kind of like Curly, Larry, and Moe.  You ever watched the old black and white movies of the three stooges?"  Larry said "I believe your fun is over, now get lost.  We don't need your insults."  Tracy said "What's the matter boys?   Afraid to man up to three dimwitted teenagers who won't respect you for what your imagination believes you to be?"  Larry said "I'm sorry, but just who are you and why are you here?"  Lupe said "I'm your worst nightmare because I'm about to whip your butt in a chess game.  It will be timed with only five seconds for each move.  Any of you think you are man enough to do it?"  Larry said "Sure.  But after I win, you three have to leave."  Lupe said "Ok.  But if I win, you have to buy us dinner tonight at one of the best restaurants in Manhattan."  Larry said "Aren't you girls a little too young to be going out at night?  Your parents probably didn't even give you permission to come here today."  Lupe said "Do you agree to our terms or not?  Or don't you have any extra money?  Are we speaking to boys who don't know how to control their finances, much less know how to play chess?"  Terry confidently said "We'll take you out to dinner tonight if you win, but chances of that happening are slim to no way in hell.  Larry is a grand master so get ready to get burned."  By now a small group of kids had gathered.  Lupe casually walked over and sat down. "Ready when you are big boy."  "That's sir to you little girl."  He sat down and the game commenced.  More kids had gathered.  Larry moved and hit the clock.  Lupe instantly moved and hit the clock.  Larry instantly moved and hit the clock.  This rapid movement of chess pieces continued for a period.  Then Larry began slowing down.  Lupe said "Be careful, you can't go over five seconds."  He looked up with extreme shock and anger.  After sixteen moves on the board, Lupe checkmated him.  Terry and Mo couldn't believe it.  Mo said "Larry, what just happened, man?  Why were you such a weenie?"  Larry said "Shut up.  I wasn't concentrating.  I thought it would be an easy win."  Molly looked at the three guys. "You're right.  You didn't know how good Lupe was.  We took advantage of you.  So let's make this fair.  You three guys together play Lupe and you can take three minutes to make a move.  You already owe us a dinner.  But if you win we'll call it off and leave.  But if Lupe beats all three of you then you have to take us around Manhattan tomorrow and show us the sights.  We're new here and don't know anything about the city.  Is that a deal?  Oh, and after Lupe wins, you'll have to say to the students that you are no smarter than a fifteen year old girl.  Larry said "We're only seventeen.  But we're the smartest three to graduate from here.  We just finished med school on a fast track.  We graduated from Horace Mann when we were fourteen.  Are you sure you want us to embarrass you?"  Lupe looked at Mo, Terry, and slowly at Larry "Go for it girls."  Larry laughed. "Your flimsy attempt to aggravate us to gain a psychological advantage won't work."  Before Larry's opening move he looked at Lupe.  "You know a hundred years ago we didn't allow Indian girls like you into places like this."  "Well this Indian girl is about to kick your little white butt.  And that's precisely why you didn't let us in back then.  Because our extreme brilliance would have overshadowed your empty egos.  Oh, and by the way, I really am a Native American Indian and I am about to kick your lily white asses."  After twenty minutes of agonizing play, Lupe finally became tired of seeing the three squirm so she checkmated them.  Larry jumped up and let out a line of obscenities.  "Boys, boys, boys, watch the bad words.  You're around kids.  Don't be such bad losers."

Lupe snapped her fingers to get their attention.  Boys, "Have you ever read 'The Art of War' by Sun Tzu?  Molly, tell them your favorite passage."   Molly smiled "It's in chapter 3 called 'Strategic Attack'."  She said it first in Chinese: "????,????;??????,????;???,???,????."  Then in English: "It is said that if you know your enemies and know yourself, you will not be imperiled in a hundred battles; if you do not know your enemies but do know yourself, you will win one and lose one; if you do not know your enemies nor yourself, you will be imperiled in every single battle."  Lupe said "So we got lucky because we didn't know you.  But we do know there are very few people on earth who can beat me in chess.  And as for you boys... your weakness was your blind arrogance.  Never underestimate your enemy, especially if you don't know them."  

Molly put her arm around Mo.  "Listen, you three are really good looking intelligent guys.  Only a fool would say otherwise.  And yes, we did have a little fun with you.  So if you don't want to treat us to dinner tonight and show us around town tomorrow it's ok.  We understand.  We're not going to hold you to it."  Lupe said "This tall beautiful almond skinned Indian girl apologizes for being so hard on you.  You're right; I was trying to intimidate you.  So it's ok."  Larry spoke up "No way.  We honor our bets.  You're one of the few we've met who we could consider as peers.  Well at least you, Lupe."  Tracy said "Actually we're a lot smarter.  But we think you're cute when you say those things.  Where and what time will we meet for dinner?"  Mo said "How about 7:00 at the Iridium?  It's at 1650 Broadway, 51st floor.  Their food and service is very good and they provide the best live jazz in the city."  Terry said "Actually, where are you staying and we'll have a driver pick you up."  "Don't worry, we have our own transportation.  We'll see you there."  

The tournament room was packed with kids battling it out.  The tension filled silence was deafening.  After fifteen minutes of observing kids playing their hearts out, the Bandidas said goodbye to the defeated three and left to find Connie, Sophia, and Hazel.  On the phone "Connie, where are you."  "We're outside watching a baseball game.  The design workshop was kind of boring.  We already knew everything.  It was funny when the students became impressed when I showed them some of my designs in the catalog.  They were real snooty before, but once they discovered I was a fashion designer I became everybody's best buddy.  Talk about ambitious people."  Lupe said "Sounds like a bunch of opportunists.  So where are you?"  "We're over here.  See us waving?"  "I see you. Bye."  

The fifth graders were playing the sixth graders.  It was an even mix of boys and girls.  Hanna joined the group sitting on the bleachers.  Tina didn't come because she couldn't tolerate the heat.  It was a pleasant 90 degrees with a nice breeze coming in from the south.  Hanna asked Lupe "Did you guys have fun?"  "It was ok.  Me, Tracy, and Molly got some boys to buy us dinner tonight."  "Sounds better than ok."  "How was your interview?"  "It was good.  She's a fragile young woman with high aspirations."  Lupe suggested "We should send her to Denali to cool her down."  They laughed and agreed.

Hanna mentioned to Hazel "Todd Justin Sweeny emailed me ten passes to come see 'Fun Home' tonight.  I was wondering if you guys would like to go."  "Sure, I'd love to. Tracy just told me she, Lupe, and Molly were going out with some boys."  Hanna asked "You don't mind if she goes out at fifteen?"  Hazel said "Of course not.  Especially her.  She's fifteen going on thirty.  And I pity the poor boy who tries to get fresh with her."  Hanna got Connie's attention "Hey, you guys up for seeing a live play on Broadway?"  Sophia said "Please say it's 'Fun Home'."  "Yes it is."  Millie asked Nellie "You wanna go?"  "Sure.  Why not."  Connie said "I heard it's really depressing.  But I'll go."  

The game ended with sixth grade winning by three.  Overall it was a nice afternoon.  The most important thing was Millie.  She's doing fine.  After the game the girls stepped into the Blackhawks.  Ground security made sure the students moved back a safe distance as the birds slowly lifted off.  Some of the sixth graders who listened to Lupe in physics class were there as the choppers flew away.  Lance told Janie "See what making good grades gets you."  "Yeah, your own chopper.  They were a strange bunch.  None of them were pedigree quality.  They acted tough like they grew up in the wrong neighborhoods."  Lance frowned. "Don't be so full of yourself, Janie.  That's why I liked them."

Date at the Iridium
It was ten to seven when two suburbans pulled to the curb at 1650 Broadway.  Three hulky agents stepped out with Lupe, Tracy, and Molly close behind.  Cletus and Mike followed.  Twenty other agents were already placed throughout the building with six seated inside the Iridium.  In the elevator Lupe told Cletus "It's important security be invisible.  I don't want these guys to feel uncomfortable.  Ok, Uncle Cletus?"  "Absolutely.  Curly, Larry, and Schmo won't even know we exist."  "Uncle Cletus!  I didn't know you had a sense of humor."  "Did Tracy shoot all of you up with strength?"  "Yes I did, Uncle Cletus."  "You have your Blinking device in case the SHTF?"  "Yes, Uncle Cletus."  "And Molly, I see you have your mind reader on your wrist."  "Si, Tio Cletus.  Are you more comfortable now?"  "I hate nasty surprises.  Please stay safe and have lots of fun."  Lupe hugged Cletus and pecked him on the cheek. "We will, Tio."  

The elevator door opened and the girls stepped out.  They were greeted by the maitre d'.  "Good evening.  What name is your reservation under?"  Tracy replied "We're here to meet three guys.  They made the reservations."  "Oh yes, they just came in and said three ladies were soon to arrive.  If you would, please follow me."  As the girls walked up, the guys somewhat rudely remained seated.  Larry told Lupe "Punctual.  I like that."  Tracy told Terry "This place is interesting."  He responded "It's the best Jazz spot in town."  Molly was reading Mo's mind and said "I like what you're wearing.  It fits the occasion."  He wanted to look nice to impress her.  "Thanks Molly.  You'd look great no matter what you wore."  He thought "Oops, why did I say that.  She'll think I'm an idiot."  Molly coquettishly said "Thanks.  That's very sweet."

Their waitress walked up and handed out the menus.  "Good evening, my name is Amy and I'll be your waitress tonight.  On the back of the menu you'll find the drink selections.  If you'd like, I can take your beverage orders now."  Lupe said "I'll take the fat-free chocolate malt with some cinnamon sprinkled on top."  Tracy and Molly ordered lemonade.  The guys ordered scotch and water but were carded and couldn't.  Legal age is eighteen.  

After the waitress left, Lupe asked Larry "So why do you want to drink alcohol so badly?  Last year I drank a couple beers and it made my senses numb.  I didn't like it.  I want to feel life, not hide from it."  Larry said "If that's an underhanded way of saying we're dumbasses, you may be right.  But in moderation it's not bad."  Molly said "This is your brain on alcohol"... "Help me, help me, I'm being poisoned.  My brain cells are dying!  My brain cells are dying!  Ughh!"  She then slumped back in her chair.  Terry said "We lose a million keratinocytes alone in a single day.  And that's just our epidermis."  "Slanting facts to suit an argument.  You know it's a moving process to protect our skin.  But our brain cells can't be replaced."  Molly caught herself realizing she helped Tracy understand how to make nerve cells regenerate.  "Actually they can but I hear it hasn't been made available to the public yet."  Larry said "Oh yeah... the young Pioneers.  A year ago they told us all about these major breakthroughs, but I haven't seen a single one yet.  Makes you wonder if they're legit."  Tracy said "Yeah, what dope would believe anybody could regenerate nerve cells.  I think it's all a hoax perpetrated on America."  Larry said "I stopped believing in fairy tales when I was a kid."  Lupe said "The treatments for cancer in place right now are from Jacob Jackson and two other young Pioneers.  And cystic fibrosis is now a thing of the past.  But you should know that.  What's a matta boys, got convenient memories?"  Larry was about to say something mean when Terry cut in. "I assumed we wouldn't be served booze so I brought along some tetrahydrocannabinol."

Lupe looked at Molly. "Ok, Miss eidetic memory, tell Terry."  Molly said "With pleasure. You know tetrahydrocannabinol has a mild to moderate analgesic effect which is good.  It's used to treat pain by altering transmitter release on dorsal root ganglion of the spinal cord and in the periaqueductal gray.  Other effects include relaxation, alteration of visual, auditory, and olfactory senses, fatigue, and appetite stimulation.  It also has marked antiemetic properties.  It may acutely reduce aggression, but it can increase aggression during withdrawal."  Larry asked "How old are you, Molly?"  "Fifteen.  I read a lot."  She continued "Due to its partial agonistic activity, THC appears to result in greater down regulation of cannabinoid receptors than endocannabinoids, further limiting its efficacy over other cannabinoids.  While tolerance may limit the maximal effects of certain drugs, evidence suggests that tolerance develops irregularly for different effects with greater resistance for primary over side-effects, and may actually serve to enhance the drug's therapeutic window.  However, this form of tolerance appears to be irregular throughout a test mouse's brain.  THC, as well as other cannabinoids that contain a phenol group, possesses mild antioxidant activity sufficient to protect neurons against oxidative stress, such as that produced by glutamate-induced excitotoxicity."  Lupe proudly said "That's our Molly."  Molly continued "But the downside of THC is intoxication.   It's well established to impair cognitive functioning on an acute basis, including effects on the ability to plan, organize, solve problems, make decisions, and control impulses.  And with young teens it was a factor in the development of schizophrenic disorders.  And if you're a chronic user it increases your cholesterol.  And, smoking too much cannabis will alter your DNA epigenetically flipping switches that carry down to future generations which will not only cause cancer for you, but for your progeny.  Ok, I'm starting to bore myself.  Bottom line is it makes you slow and lazy, and the stuff makes your boobs grow.  Do you really want that?"  "Mo responded "We just graduated from med school.  We understand what THC is."  Molly said "And still you take it?"  Larry said "It's our way of relaxing."  Lupe said "I'd prefer hard exercise which causes my body to release endorphins and serotonin."  She giggled. "I'm into natural organic highs and not eating substances that, through natural selection, plants created to keep herbivores away."

Larry sat back in his chair. "Who are you three girls?  Nobody talks like that at your age."  Tracy said "Boys, you must lead very sheltered lives that are replete with negative stereotypes about us sweet teenage girls."  Lupe added "Yeah guys, you really need to get out more.  There's a whole world out there you have no idea about."  Terry said "And I suppose you do?"  Tracy winked "Absolutely."

 After a short pause in the conversation Lupe asked "I assume your parents had lots of money since you went to a hoity toity school.  Did they you push to become physicians?  I'm sure just the stress alone made it a living hell."  Larry said "Such insightfulness from such little girls, touching on sensitive subjects."  Mo said "It's true.  They pressured us to be the best since we were born.  And our IQs are all above 150.  Looking back I have mixed feelings about it.  A few weeks ago after graduation, I told my dad I wanted to move to Puerto Rico and work at a beach bar mixing drinks.  I'll be eighteen this summer, so I think I'm going.  Dad almost had a coronary, grabbing his chest and making a big deal.  He's a really good method actor."  Larry said "After graduation we all agreed to pursue what we wanted for a change.  I've already contacted several modeling agencies in Manhattan.  They want to use me because I have good looks and brains.  Terry here wants to tour the country in an old restored VW camper.  And Mo for some reason, which we can all relate to, wants to be a beach bum.  A lifeguard."  Tracy said "That's pretty cool.  You've successfully destroyed the negative image we had of you.  Instead of being stuck up over achieving little Jewish boys, you've busted through the stereotype and you're assimilating into the wonderment and feeling of what America is really about."  Larry said "Maybe.  How did you know we were Jewish?"  Lupe said "Remember earlier today when we talked about Sun Tzu?"  Larry responded "We're not the enemy.  You didn't have to do backgrounds on us."  Molly said "It can't hoiet."  Mo said "Does sounding like my mother legitimize it?"

Amy came out a little late with the drinks. "I'm sorry but we're short a waitress and we've got a large crowd because Emily Bear is playing tonight."  Lupe said "That's ok."  Amy asked "Are you ready to order?"  Tracy started. "Sure.  Since you're busy tonight, just give me the easiest and quickest thing you can make."  Amy said "That would be the juicy sirloin cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, and caramelized onions along with hand cut baked fries on the side."  Molly agreed with Tracy.  Lupe said "Sounds delicious.  How about you guys?"  Larry said "We'll take the same.  Thanks."  Amy hurried away to post the order.  

Larry asked "Where did you say you girls were from?"  Lupe giggled. "We didn't.  But we're from San Diego."  Terry asked "So what brings you to New York City?"  Molly said "We like to travel and learn about new places.  It's a way to relax."  Mo asked Molly "So what high school are you attending?"  Molly said "Now you're profiling us, and that's not very nice."  Larry asked "Isn't turn about fair play?"  Terry said "After you left the chess tournament I asked some kids if they knew who you were.  This one kid named Lance said you came to his physics class."  He looked at Lupe. "He said you were doing some secret research in physics."  "I said that to capture their attention.  Worked well enough for him to tell you, huh."  "And, he said you could look into the future.  Now isn't that a little absurd.  You shouldn't mislead students with mumbo jumbo crap."  Lupe laughed at him. "Remember studying Mandelbrot's fractals?  Should I elaborate or do you understand that level of predictability and the events and math necessary to back it up?"  Terry continued. "And you told the class you were going to put in some costly improvements to enhance the science department."  Lupe smiled. "Isn't that nice of me."  "But you're only fifteen."  "I've got powerful friends who like to spoil me.  I just have to be careful and not overdo it."  Larry said "So who are your friends."  Lupe said "Don't be so nosey.  Why don't you change the subject instead of drilling us for information?"   Mo said "Ok, what do you want to talk about?"

Amy and a helper came running up with the food. "Here you go.  Is there anything else I can get you?"  "No thanks."  "Enjoy."  She ran back to pick up more orders.  Lupe said "We always give thanks before we eat.  The girls held hands and Lupe said a short prayer."  Larry said "So you believe in God.  I'm not yet convinced, but I'm always open to discussion."  Tracy said "Discussions about God is the one topic the three of us shy away from.  Not enough facts, and like Hillel said, too much commentary.  And if you disagree with anything a religious pundit asserts, then it's taken as a personal affront."  

Lupe took her first bite. "So Larry, besides being a model, what makes you happy?"  "Sleeping.  I love to sleep.  It's the one thing I don't get enough of."  "Come on Larry, you can do better than that.  What are the things that really make you happy?"  "Ok.  I like to have a strong fit body.  I like freshly tailored wool suits that fit perfectly and look great.  I like being smart and handsome.  I like the new Citation I just purchased.  I like my vacation home on the beach just south of Miami.  Should I continue?"  Molly asked "What about helping people?"  Larry said "That goes without saying.  Why do you think I became a physician?"  Lupe said "Let's see, the starting pay is $320,000.  That's a good reason."  Molly asked Mo "How about you.  What makes you happy?  Surely at least one of you is using Summer Zia's happiness algorithm."  Mo answered "No, we're not using it.  It's kind of silly if you ask me.  But to answer your question, hugs make me happy."  "What?"  "This year in med school we had a project.  Me and some others had to stand on a street corner in a busy part of Manhattan.  We held signs that said free hugs.  You wouldn't believe how many people came up and hugged me.  Women, men, young and old."  Tracy admitted "Hugs are nice.  My minimum daily allowance is five.  And you can't overdose."  Molly asked "So how do you hug?"  Mo put his burger down. "See it's different for each person.  Little old ladies like long gentle hugs.  Girls about my age like to be picked up and maybe turned as I squeeze, but not too tightly.  Kids like the down on one knee hug with a pat on the back.  Guys like a quick hug with a back slap.  Then there's the group hugs with selfies.  It's all loads of fun.  Hugs make me feel all warm inside."

Molly asked "Seriously, what makes you happy?"  Mo fixed his eyes on Molly. "Being with you makes me happy."  She scanned his mind and thought "Oh my gosh, he's being honest."  She said "That's really sweet."  She rose and stood next to him.  "I'll take a hug."  He gave her a passionate hug and kissed her neck to tickle her.  "Stop that, you're tickling me."  The table behind began clapping.  "You've got her in your embrace, now kiss her on the lips."  As she opened her mouth to tell the people to be quiet, he kissed her.  She kissed back.  He stumbled and fell.  A guy at the table behind said "Looks like he's falling for you."  Molly sat back down as Mo was picking himself up.  "I'm sorry, there must have been something slick on the floor."  Molly took a bite of her burger and said "That was a good hug.  But we need to practice so you won't be falling down.  Maybe tomorrow."  Lupe, Tracy, and Cletus were taking it all in with their mouths open in disbelief.

After a few moments Lupe said "I need to go to the ladies room.  Tracy, Molly, come with me.  You can check my makeup."  After the restroom door shut Lupe said "What are you doing girl?  You didn't tell us you liked him."  "He meant everything he said to me.  So I said to myself, what the heck, give the guy a hug.  Then he kissed me and wow!"  Tracy said "He's very good looking."  Molly responded "He's a little more than that."  Tracy said "Ok, he's drop dead honey gorgeous.  Here, let me fix your hair."  Lupe asked "So what are you going to do now?"  "Finish eating.  Those caramelized onions are really good."  "No silly, what are you going to do with Mo?"  "You two sound like parents living their lives vicariously through their children.  Humm?..."  Lupe said "Of course we are. Larry's hot but he's gay and way too full of himself.  Cletus has been telling me about Austin.  The girls just love him at school.  I don't blame them.  And it's wrong to try and hold him down.  That's why I was hoping Larry would have been a nice diversion."  Tracy added "I kind of liked Terry, but apparently he wants to be a pot smoking hippie going around the country in his hippiemobile being a traveling physician.  He's turned off and tuned out because of the stress put on him all his life."  Lupe said "You're our last hope."  Molly looked at the two. "Hey, I'm not into sharing so forget it."  Surprised, Lupe giggled. "No, stupid.  We're not into sharing either."  After they made sure Molly's hair and makeup was ok, Lupe turned her toward the door. "Now you're beautiful.  Let's go."  "I wasn't before?"  "No silly, I mean yes.  Just get out there and enjoy," as she slapped Molly on the butt.  "Cut that out Lupe."  Lupe said "Tell him you're an Indian princess whose seed was sent down from ancient space travelers."  "Shush, nobody's supposed to know that."  As they were walking to the table Tracy whispered "If you really want to impress Mo, tell him about Tang and your excursion to another world."  "Be quiet, stupid."  "Better yet, pull a doctor Frankenfunny on him."   Lupe whispered "We just having a little fun with you because we're jealous, you lucky girl." 

Lupe asked the guys "Anything happen while we were gone?"  Terry said "Emily Bear is setting up.  She's also a child prodigy."  Tracy said "Being a prodigy can cause unbelievable stress."  Larry said "That's true but it also boosts self-confidence."  Lupe said "Listen, I believe every kid is great in their own way.  We just need to identify their talents while they're young.  Then they need to be given the encouragement and the tools for their passions.  That's every kid in every school everywhere across the United States......... not just Horace Mann."  Lupe paused...... "When that happens, the greatness and happiness of today's society will be multiplied a thousand times."   Larry said "You sound like the young Pioneer on TV last year."  Terry smiled "Are we sitting with the girl who invented Blinking?  You'd be the right age, and you three seem to be geniuses."  Lupe giggled. "I wish.  Then we'd be on some planet paradise sipping mint juleps, listening to native music and being treated like the goddesses that we are.  Instead, we're sitting here with three cute guys drinking malts and lemonade and eating hamburgers, which ain't so bad."  Terry said "Ain't isn't a proper word."  "Whaaaatever."  

Mo took a bite of his perfectly seasoned ketchup covered fry "So Molly, what makes you happy?"  She thought "Should I be honest or just tell him something cute?"  She decided and said "Sooner than we know machines are going to be carrying out all tasks to sustain human life.  All manufacturing, farming, providing our energy needs, maintaining our homes, and so on.  So what makes me happy is problem solving.  I want to figure out how to keep humans from becoming lazy and worthless in our upcoming society.  Sure, we've already lifted ourselves out of the hell hole of capitalism where most of us led a less than adequate life just to make a few ridiculously rich.  Thank God that's ended.  Now everybody moneywise is guaranteed a good life.  And part of that is the requirement that we all work to provide for ourselves.  But already we see people working fewer hours each week because machines are doing more.  So what happens a few years from now?  Are we going to be like the citizens of the capital city in the movie Hunger Games?  Will we be lazy twisted gratification seekers who for sport like to see people kill each other?"

Molly continued "So what makes me happy is being able to see challenges and come up with solutions."  She saw Mo was staring at her.  She said "I'm sorry.  You wanted me to say something different.  Right?   Like long walks on a Florida beach watching the surf roll in and seeing octopi frolicking on the water's surface as the morning sun begins to rise above the horizon signaling a bright new wonderful day that I could share with someone as special as you?"  Mo said "You're a complicated person, Molly.  Yeah, I would relish light hearted stuff like romantic walks on the beach with that someone special.  But I would also enjoy sharing time with a soul mate who can see and understand the world, a world of possibilities.  A world where we could make a positive impact on its future.  Like you, I realize nothing is static.  Everything is always evolving, and good people have to be there to help push it in the right direction."  Molly smiled. "I like it when you talk sexy to me."  Mo pulled his chair up closer. "You do, huh."  "Yes.  Kiss me again."  He did.

"Ahumm..."  It was Amy... "Hi. I hope I'm not interrupting anything.  But would you care for any dessert, other than this incredible hunk's kisses?"  Molly said "I'll take a piece of apple pie with a scoop of French vanilla ice cream on the side.  How about you, Mo?"  "Do you have baked Alaska?"  "Yes."  "I'll take that."  The others ordered ice cream and a slice of apple pie.  Lupe had seen a poster on the first floor showing the musicians for tonight's entertainment.  "Oh look, is that Emily Bear?"  Larry knew Emily from a chess tournament they both attended a few months back.  He called her over. "Emily, it's nice to see you again."  "Larry, the undisputed king of chess, how are you doing?"  He glanced at Lupe's grin.  Lupe said "Remember your promise?"  Larry turned back to Emily. "You've already met Terry and Mo.  But let me introduce you to the only fifteen year old to beat me at chess.  This is Lupe."  "Hi, glad to meet you.  I'm surprised anybody can beat Larry."  Lupe said "Actually I beat all three of them at once."  "Wow."  Larry continued "And this is Tracy and Molly."  Molly offered "Please have a seat."

Lupe asked "So what pulled you into the music biz?"  "For generations my family has been into music.  We always had a piano at home.  I started playing when I was two and it went from there."  "Larry told me you composed almost everything you play.  How many pieces have you written?"  "Hundreds, but only about thirty good ones.  Most of them are easy jazz.  Lately I've been trying to break out of that genre but it's been difficult."  "How's that?"  "I had to wipe my mind of all past approaches to music and then experiment."  "I agree, it's tough being original... to go where nobody else has gone before."  Larry said "Now you're sounding like Captain Kirk of the Starship Enterprise."  "Ha ha, funny boy."  Tracy moved the conversation.  "Ok everybody tell me, what are your favorite pick-up lines?"  "Emily, what's your favorite?"  "I've heard all kinds, from crude ones like 'You can tickle my ivories anytime baby' to 'I need directions. (To where?) To your heart'."  Lupe said "That's a good one.  My favorite is 'If beauty were sunlight, you could shine from a million light-years away'."  Molly looked at Mo and said "My favorite is "Your eyes are intoxicating."  Mo looked at her eyes. "They're the most beautiful exotic eyes I've ever seen."  He pressed his lips against hers.  After a passionate smooch, Molly turned to the group. "I like that one too."  Emily cracked up. "You got it bad, girl."  Lupe said "That's what I told her."  Mo said "Don't pay any attention to them Molly."  "Don't worry I'm not."  Emily moved the conversation to her travels around the world and all the wonderful people she came to know.  The evening moved with ease, sprinkled with humor.  A couple more people joined the group.  It turned pleasantly raucous.  Between breaks Emily played some great jazz.  ((Here is Emily at age 17 in 2019. Warning: the song will stick in your head.  Lol.))

For the others who went to see Fun Home, the evening was different but still enjoyable.  Tom with two other agents stepped out of a Suburban at 1633 Broadway.  Millie and Nellie were close behind followed by Connie, Sophia, Hazel and Hanna.  Two very large agents waiting on the sidewalk walked behind.  The group was quickly ushered into the theater and through the wardrobe area then to the dressing rooms.  Hanna and Hazel stopped in the hallway to greet the adult cast members.  Connie, Nellie, and Millie knocked on the boys dressing room door.  "Come in, door's open."  "Millie!  Nobody told me you were coming!"  Diego ran up and hugged her.  She asked "How you been since yesterday?"  "I'm a lot better now that you're here.  Did they give you a good seat?"  "I don't know, but it looks like no matter where you sit it's a good seat.  We just came by to wish you luck, but they say I'm supposed to tell you to break your leg."  "Thank you.  Wave to me so I can see you in the audience.  I need to go for some last minute rehearsing.  Listen, the play is over at 9:40.  After the performance it takes about twenty minutes to remove our makeup and get dressed.  We usually go out for pizza after the show.  You want to come along?"  "I wouldn't miss it for the world, Diego.  Here, let me give you a special hug for good luck.  Ready?"  "Yes."  During the hug he felt all his anxieties disappear.  "Wow, I love your hugs.  Is this what love feels like?"  Millie said "No.  I'm really a witch who can cast a spell to make you feel good."  "Right.  I'm not that naive.  I'll see you in a couple hours." 

Freddie asked "Tracy didn't come?"  Connie said "She's on a date."  "Is he cute?"  "Actually it's a group date with two of her girlfriends and three guys."  "Well, don't hold back.  Are the guys cute?"  Nellie said "They look like they just stepped out of a GQ magazine.  One is gay."  Connie made a cynical face. "Oh really?  Which one?  I thought they were all straight."  Nellie said "Remember we saw Larry just before we left in the choppers.  Couldn't you tell by his mannerisms and the way he was perfectly dressed and the way he stood with his hand on his hip, and the way he walked like a runway model."  "Not really."  Freddie asked Nellie. "Where are they right now?"  "The Iridium at 1650 Broadway."  "That just down from us.  I wish I would have known earlier.  We could have made reservations.  I'd like to meet Larry."  Nellie smiled. "I figured you would so I got Hanna to make reservations for our group.  We have to be there before 10:30."  Connie told Nellie "You little rascal.  Don't you think they might want to be alone?"  "Yes.  And your point...?"  Connie rolled her eyes and walked out.  

Sophia knocked on the girl's dressing room door at the same time her sisters went into the boys.  "Come in, the door is open."  Sophia sashayed in.  "Hey, what's happening."  "Sophia!  Just couldn't stay away, could you?"  "Don't get stupid.  Hanna had free tickets so I came along."  "What do think of my 'period' clothing.  It's supposed to be from the 70's.  Same with my hair."  "It's ok, I guess.  My sister Connie would be a better judge.  She's a fashion designer."  "Yeah, they told me."  Mary stepped forward. "I gotta go.  Tell me to break a leg."  "Sophia looked at her as she flirtatiously brushed by walking to the door.  Mary held out her hand.  "Well, the ball's in your court."  Sophia walked up and hugged her. "Go break a leg," then she kissed her.  "Damn Sophia.  Now you got me all weak and my mind is in such a daze.  My heart is beating so fast. I don't know what to do."  "Just shut up and get out there you little drama queen.  I'll see you after the performance."  Mary ran out for a last minute practice session.  Sophia thought "What's this weird feeling I get.  I like kissing boys, but it's seems so exciting to kiss her because it's so wrong.  Whatever.  I'm not going to worry about it."  

It was a little before 8:00 and the audience was seated.  The play ran one hundred minutes without a hitch.  The actors received a standing ovation.  Mary ran up to where Sophia was seated and offered her a yellow silk rose.  Two reporters went crazy taking photos.  Sophia graciously accepted.

Hanna and the group waited in the theater area for the cast members.  A little after 10:00 everybody had gathered and off they went to the Iridium.

The elevator opened to the restaurant.  Nellie, Diego, and Millie were the first ones out.  Millie carefully scanned the place and spotted them.  Everybody at the table was facing the stage.  She ran up behind Lupe and put her hands in front of her eyes "Guess who."  "Millie, you little stinker, come here."  She sat her on her lap.  Nellie and Diego came up.  Nellie said "We just wanted to see you on a reeeeal daaaate."  Millie hopped down "This is Diego.  He's a cast member in that Broadway play I told you about."  "Hey Diego."  The three guys seemed a little perturbed.  Lupe asked "Where's the rest of the gang?"  She turned and looked behind her and saw four tables full of cast members and her buds all waving.  Larry said to Diego "I recognize you from 'Fun Home'.  You're a good little actor." "Thanks.  A guy I work with wanted to meet you.  Do you mind if I bring him over?"  "Of course not.  Bring him over."  Diego signaled Freddie.  As he walked up to the table it was love at first sight.  Larry said "Freddie Smith... I've been wanting to meet you.  I attended the performance two weeks ago.  You're very good."

Lupe pulled her chair over to make room.  Tracy giggled and said "Freddie, go grab a chair.  I think you've made a new friend."  Millie and Diego went back with the group.  Nellie asked Lupe "You mind if I stay here?  I feel like the third man out because Millie and Diego are together."  "Of course.  Come here and sit on my lap."  Nellie waved to Millie that she was going to stay.  The group of older teens asked "So who's your little friend."  "She's my next door neighbor, Nellie."  Everybody said hello.  "Nellie, we've been listening to some very good music.  This girl walking up is Emily Bear.  She plays jazz.  And, she writes her own stuff."  Emily said "Hi.  Are you on vacation too?"  "Kind of.  Hanna Sweetin, the lady back there is interviewing people across the country for a documentary so we came along for the fun of it."  Emily said "Not the Hanna Sweetin who starred in the Broadway hit 'An American in Paris?"  "Yep."  Emily grabbed Nellie's hand. "If you don't mind would you introduce her to me?"  "Sure, come on."  Nellie ran up with Emily. "Hanna, I'd like to introduce you to Emily Bear.  She's the musician playing tonight."  "It's a pleasure to meet you."  "I loved you in 'An American in Paris'."  "Please sit down."  Nellie asked Emily "Do you mind if I take your seat?"  "Sure, go ahead."

Nellie ran back and pulled up the chair between Lupe and Tracy.  She whispered to Lupe "Look at Molly.  She's got it bad."  "I know.  Keep your eye on her.  Make sure she doesn't go crazy on him."  "Stupid."  "So was the play any good?"  "After it was over I wanted to kill myself."  "That depressing?"  "Yes.  It should be rated DSTKSS."  Lupe asked "What does that mean?"  "Depressing shit that kids shouldn't see."  She laughed and Nellie said "No, I'm serious."  "But you're always serious."  "Not either."  Tracy asked "You hungry?"  "I'm very hungry."  "How about a cheeseburger with fries and a chocolate malt?"  "Sure."  Tracy hopped up, found Amy and gave her the order. "And I'll give you a paid day off next week if you bring it right out."  Amy smiled and said "I'm an owner, remember?  I can take off any time I want."  "Not really, you have to work at least 30 hours a week for the People to pay you."  "I do that in three days.  Got something better to offer?"  "Yes I do.  See that really cute guy over there.  His name is Terry.  He was saying he'd like to go out with you, but he's too shy to ask.  So I'll set you up.  How's that."  "I'll have the cheeseburger and fries out in three minutes."  "Deal."  Tracy went back.  "Terry.  You know our waitress Amy?  She thinks you're really cute, and she likes to smoke.  She's very hot.  You wanna take her out?  Just tell me and it's done."  "What's the catch?"  "No catch except I noticed a doobie in her pocket.  So I thought you two might have something in common."  Amy came rushing out with the order. "Here you are.  Is there anything else I can get you?"  Tracy said "Terry here was telling me about how cute you were.  Would you like to go out with him?"  Amy looked at Terry. (Amy is a very beautiful well-endowed redhead with freckles and blue eyes.)  Tracy looked at Terry to go ahead and ask her.  "Yes, would you like to go out?"  "Sure.  My day off is Monday.  Would that be ok?"  "Here, give me your phone."  She did and he bumped his phone against hers. "Now I have your number.  I'll call you Sunday."  She smiled "Ok, great.  Talk to you then."  She stumbled back and almost fell as she quickly left to get another order.  Terry looked at Tracy. "Troglodytes, they're such simple creatures."  Tracy scornfully said "She's a 9.9 and you're saying that.  Wow.  Doesn't that compensate just a little bit for a lower value on the Wechsler scale?  And, she may actually be smarter than you think.  And who knows, she may be a really funny and entertaining girl with a big heart."  "I'll see.  But if she's thoroughly boring, I'll have you to blame."

That night in the back of the restaurant was a sixty-four year old man named Harvey Silverstein.  He accompanied his two daughters to the Iridium.  They took him out to get his mind off his wife who recently passed away.  But it wasn't working.  He was still in a funk.  At the end of his meal he got up to use the restroom, took a few steps then collapsed to the floor.  Millie saw him out of the corner of her eye and ran over.  His daughters were kneeling next to him.  Millie said "His heart's stopped beating."  A man came running up. "Move back, I'm trained in CPR."  He was pushing Millie aside.  She turned around and touched him taking all his strength away.  She said "I don't have time for this."  She ripped Harvey's shirt open and put both her hands on his chest and commenced giving him quick shocks to restart his heart.  His body flinched each time she jolted him.  After a few moments his heart began beating again.  By now Cletus was standing over Millie, having people stand back.  Millie continued to keep her hands on Harvey's chest for a few minutes to make sure his heart stayed in rhythm.  He slowly opened his eyes. "Are you an angel?"  "No.  How do you feel?"  "I feel very happy."  He looked up at his two daughters.  "Jessica, Meredith.  Come here and hug me.  I love you so much."  Millie stood and looked at Cletus, Tom, Mike, and Jake who by now had formed an iron ring of protection.  "He's fine.  Just needs some potassium to keep his heart in rhythm.  He was very depressed, but that's gone now.  He'll be ok."  Mike said "An ambulance crew will be here in ten minutes."  Cletus held up his law enforcement badge and announced "Alright everybody.  He's going to be just fine.  An ambulance crew will be here in a few minutes.  So please go back to your seats and give him some privacy with his family.  Thank you.  Thank you everybody.  Thank you."  

Harvey's daughters thanked Millie, but didn't understand what she did.  "My cellphone has a defibrillator on it.  My mom has a weak heart, too."  Meredith said "But you weren't using your phone.  I just saw your hands."  Millie touched them.  "Both of you were very upset and didn't see me use my cellphone.  But now you remember, don't you?"  Meredith said "Now that you mention it, yes I do.  How do I get one of those?"  "I have a small prototype, but larger versions are available on the internet.  You should get one just in case."  "Thanks, we will."  They both hugged Millie then went back to their dad waiting for the EMTs to arrive.

Cletus looked down at Millie. "Girl, you're spooky."  She smiled. "Yeah, I heard you think I was a voodoo child.  That's funny, Uncle Cletus.  I'm just a regular kid with a few extra talents."  Cletus just rolled his eyes.  She went back and sat down with Diego on her lap.  Millie gave him a quick white lie to explain how she did it, then everything went back to normal.

Nellie walked up. "You ok?"  "I'm fine."  Millie winked. "My cellphone doubles as a defibrillator because my mom has a weak heart.  Thank goodness I was here to save him."  Nellie whispered "Very creative.  I'm going back to eat my cheeseburger.  I see you got pizza.  Looks good."  "Here, take a slice."  "Thanks," while she took a bite as she walked back to sit down with Lupe and Tracy.

By now Larry and Freddie were really into each other.  "Oh, you're such a silly boy.  Come here, let me see your palm and I'll tell you all about yourself.  He held Larry's hand and flirtatiously moved his index finger across his palm.  "Ok, this is your head line... this is your heart line... and this is your life line."  "So what do you see?"  "Let's see... your head line is long and curved.  It says you're a creative thinker who can imagine many possible outcomes or approaches to any situation."  "I have a large shoe size.  What does that mean?"  "Oh be quiet, you hunk of handsome.  I'm not finished with your hand yet.  Let's see your heart line.  Oh, this one is long and curved too.  That means your passions and desires drive you, and you don't care who knows it."  "Mmm... I like that.  Go on."  Sadly he said "Oh, honey... I see on your life line a barely discernable X at the outer palm.  It looks new.  You've recently experienced a deep personal betrayal.  I'm so sorry.  Are you ok?"  "My boyfriend dumped me a few months ago for a blonde right when I was studying for finals."  "What a nasty skank.  You need to be more careful."  "I know.  So what does my lifeline say?"  "This one is nice and long and curved too.  It means you're a rock who people count on to stay strong during difficult times."  All the while Freddie was making goo-goo eyes.  Larry loved every second of it.

Nellie was watching Freddie making over Larry.  She turned to Tracy "Ga'roooss.  He might as well be slobbering all over him."  Tracy said "Looks like he has a small crush."  "He's acting like an idiot."  "Larry seems to like it."  "Gross."  Tracy whispered "Look at Mo making over Molly."  "That's gross too!  Is this what happens when you get older?  You act like complete idiots?"  "Pretty much." "Well I'm not." "So forget about them and listen to the music.  It's really good."

By midnight everybody was tired.  The girls decided to call it an evening.  They thanked Larry, Terry, and Mo for a nice time.  Sophia smooched Mary goodbye.  Millie gave Diego a final hug and promised to keep in touch.  Emily said goodbye to everyone.  

Millie showed more of her talents today and everybody accepted it as completely normal.  That gave her a warm loved feeling inside.  As she was lying in bed she felt incredible strength emanating from Nellie's warrior spirit.  After a few minutes they were both fast asleep.

The Crucible and the Infinitum
Monday, June 17, 2019.  Lupe woke up at 9:30am.  She walked through the connecting door to where Millie and Nellie were sleeping.  She touched Millie to see if she was awake.  She made little baby sounds pushing Lupe's hand away.  Lupe tiptoed out and closed the door.

"Tracy...  Molly...  Connie...  Get up.  We're burning daylight."  Molly said "Not again.  Be quiet."  "Come on you guys.  We've slept for almost nine hours.  You don't want to turn into Rip Van Winkle, do you?"

Molly mumbled "Yes.  'Rip Van Winkle, however, was one of those happy mortals, of foolish, well-oiled dispositions, who take the world easy, eat white bread or brown, which ever can be got with the least thought or trouble, and would rather starve on a penny than work for a pound.  If left to himself, he would have whistled life away in perfect contentment'."

She pulled the covers up and turned on her side.  "So leave me alone."  Lupe stared at Molly "How in the hell do you do that."  "Be quiet and leave."  "Connie, let's go get some breakfast."  "Let me sleep."  

Nellie and Millie heard the noise and opened the connecting door.  Nellie said "We're hungry, let's go get some breakfast."  Lupe said "I can't get them up."  Millie giggled and walked over to Tracy snoring.  She put her hand on her neck. "Tracy, you're very hungry.  It's time to wake up and go eat."  Millie turned to Lupe. "Watch what happens."  Tracy began moving.  She slowly yawned and opened her eyes.  "What time is it?  I'm really hungry.  Let's go get something to eat."  Millie smiled. "See."  Lupe said "Will you teach me how to do that?"  "Sure.  It's easy.  Well for me.  I don't know about you."  Tracy sat up. "What are you talking about?"  Millie said "The power of hypnotic suggestion.  I can teach you, too.  But right now I'm going to shower and get dressed."  Lupe said "Sounds like a plan.  Let's leave in fifteen minutes."

The group had brunch at the Trump Cafe.  Everyone ordered waffles with strawberries, whipped cream, and blueberry syrup.  Sophia cut a piece of waffle off and placed a strawberry on top then spooned out a pinch of fresh whipped cream from a side cup.  Then she crowned it with a dash of syrup.  "Mmmm... this is heaven."  Lupe said "Not quite as good as Maurice's but pretty close."  That reminded Sophia. "So Lupe, this is Saturday.  Remember you promised me something last week?"  "Yep... the Sophia Effect."  "Well?"  "You can wait a few more days."  Molly kicked Lupe under the table to be quiet about it.  Lupe whispered "Molly just reminded me to keep it on the down low.  But I'll have something maybe by Wednesday."  "Good.  I'm curious if I'm gay."  Lupe giggled. "Sophia, you've always been interested in boys.  Remember Jack Hammel at the beach house?"  Sophia opined "He was sooo cute.  The hair, that smile, the eyes, that gorgeous bod.  I just wanted to eat him up."  "Calm down, you're only thirteen."  "Can't I be both gay and straight?"  "You've always been a rebel.  Maybe with Mary you want to make a statement because it's deliciously wrong.  But I've seen the way you looked at hunky boys.  So I'm betting the newness of Mary will wear off and become bland because there's really no chemistry.  Jack, on the other hand... We need to keep you away from him.  You're too damn cute and he could get you into a lot of trouble."  Sophia frowned and looked away. "Whatever."

It was just before noon when the girls finished eating.  Hanna said "I've got an idea.  Let's go to Central Park and hang out.  Lots of people buy take-out or brown bag it.  They eat in the park to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city.  Maybe I could grab a few interviews."  Nellie said "Millie and I haven't exercised in a couple days.  We could go running."  Connie said "It would be a great place to take photographs.  I'd like to have a line of t-shirt prints of people enjoying Central Park."  Sophia said "I want to take pictures too."  Molly was calling Mo to see if he could meet her in the park.  Hazel wanted to go to the luxury health spa at the hotel.  Lupe and Tracy wanted to go to the Central Park Zoo.  Molly said "Oh, I want to go."  Lupe said "But Mo's coming over."  "I've never smooched a boy at a zoo before."  "Molly, you've got it really bad, girl.  You're looking at life through lust colored glasses."  Tracy said "It's not nice to smooch around the lonely hearts club."  "Yeah right.  So you two are the lonely hearts club now?  Lupe looks like an exotic New York model that could have anyone she wanted, and you Tracy are the cutest little Southern pixie in the city."  "I wish you wouldn't say words I don't know the meaning to.  Let's see.  Pixie.  Humm... It says here it's a mythical being of folklore and romance usually having a small body and magical powers.  I like that."  "I thought you would."  Molly continued "If we start getting serious, we'll just move to another area."  Lupe warned "Just stay away from the cercopithecoideas.  We don't want them showing you any nasty stuff."  "Very funny, Lupe.  I think old world monkeys are adorable."

Nellie and Millie were in front of the group walking into Central Park.  Millie asked "Why don't you get Tom to rent us some bikes.  I like to run but we'll get to see more of the park on some 20s."  Nellie agreed.  A short distance into the park was a bike rental stand.  In ten minutes the bikes were ready to go.  Tom said "We have several drones overhead but if you would..."  Nellie said "Ok Tom, we won't ride out of sight.  How else are we supposed to protect you?"  Tom got on his bike.  Nellie said "Come on Tom, show me some good posture.  I want that back straight as a board."  He smiled "Yes ma'am.  How's this?"  "Much better."

The three took off.   Tom held back a distance.  Nellie said "Hey look, there's a tunnel.  Beat you to the other side."  "That's not fair.  You're powered up and I'm not."  Nellie ignored her as Millie was trying to catch up.  Millie thought "Should I?  Why not?"  She put her hand out and magnetically linked up with Nellie's bike."  "How come it's so hard to pedal?  What's wrong with this bike?"  Millie pulled up alongside while they were going through the tunnel "I had a tractor beam on you."  "That's not nice."  "You're juiced up, so it's fair."

They stopped at the end of the tunnel.  Millie said "I've read that New York City has lots of abandoned underground tunnels especially in the older parts."  "You think Central Park has some tunnels?"  "Don't tell anybody, but I can send out waves into the ground and I can tell if there are any air pockets."  "Cool!  Let's see what's down there."  "Ok.  And, I can also detect metals like gold and silver."  "You can?  Wow.  Maybe there's some buried pirate's treasure!"

So a fun bike ride turned into an adventure in search of hidden treasure and maybe come creepy old abandoned tunnels.  "So what do we do if you see something?  We can't start digging out here in the open.  And we can't do it with our hands."  "We could do it under the cover of night when the ghosts are out haunting the park."  "Stop it, Millie.  I don't like ghosts."  "A warrior afraid of ghosts?"  "I can't fight what I can't see.  I don't know if we should be doing this."  "Relax.  I'll just blast them with my ghost buster ray."  

They pedaled slowly while carefully scanning beneath the ground.  Ten minutes later "Nellie... Stop.  I see something."  "What do you see?"  "I see an opening, but it's way down there."  "Go on."  "It's like a tunnel with some parts narrow and some wide.  I'm picking up a small amount of metal, both magnetic and nonmagnetic."  Nellie came up. "Can you tell if there's anything alive down there, like people?"  "I can't tell.  The metal is making it blurry."  "How can you tell it's metal?"  "I can taste it."  Millie stopped "Nellie.  I want as few people as possible to know about my powers.  Ok?"  "Sure, but why?"  "You understand don't you that all your acquaintances, casual friends, and employees who work for you have the potential of becoming your adversaries, right?"  "Well yeah."  Nellie thought for a moment.  "And per Sun Tzu, you must never reveal all your true powers, strengths, and abilities."  Millie and Nellie together said "Otherwise you lose the battle and maybe the war."  Millie said I need you to protect me and right now your silence is the best weapon."  "You got it.  So now that we know something is down there how do we get to it?"  Millie said "Do we really want to?  It's probably very dangerous."  Nellie said "Anything could be down there.  From old Indian burial chambers with ancient artifacts, to a pirate's treasure from the 1600s, to mafia gold, to abandoned subway tunnels with old rusty rails."  "Now you got me really curious.  Let's take a GPS reading and store it."  Millie reached down with her hand again.  "Ok... let's go this way."  They rode about 200 feet off the path.  "Take your GPS reading here.  Straight down below us about 1000 meters is a small cavern."  After she looked down at this area she became extremely concerned.  "I need to speak to Lupe.  Call her for me."  Nellie dialed Lupe "What's up?  Millie wants to speak to you.  Here she is."  "We need to talk in person.  It's important.  Where are you?"  "At the zoo.  I'm looking at your GPS coordinates.  Go south down that bike path and I'll meet you along the way.  Bye."  Tracy asked "What's up."  "Millie seems upset.  She wants to talk.  I gotta go."  "I'm coming with you.  Molly and Mo are better off by themselves."  "Fine, let's go."  In ten minutes they met up.  Lupe said "Hey.  You sounded upset.  What's the matter?"  Millie asked if there was any way their voices could be recorded.  Lupe answered "The drone overhead cancels out most of it, but I'll turn on this mp4 player to drown out the rest.  Ok...  What's up?"  Millie told her what she and Nellie came across.  What she didn't tell Nellie was "I got a bad feeling from down there.  Something's wrong."  Lupe said "We have super strength chemicals in our system.  Tom is standing over there.  Let's go look.  You say it's a cavern?"  "Yes."  "Then give me where the ceiling starts and the vertical open area."  "First thing I noticed is the ceiling was a pinch over 1000 meters down and it extended out for 40 meters by 30 meters with a height of 30 meters.  All exact measurements.  I couldn't see into the metallic part, but it looked to be huge.  Like it was lining a large cavern.  All of it had to have been made by people."  Lupe waved for Tom to come over.  "How many laser weapons do you have in your backpack?"  "Six."  "Do you have enough mini facemasks with ten minute emergency oxygen for all of us?"  "Yes ma'am."  She turned to Millie "You have the exact coordinates?"  "Yes."  "Let's all take a walk to the ladies room over there."  Lupe called Cletus on a scrambled line and told him that she, Tom, Millie, Nellie, and Tracy were going somewhere and if they didn't come back, then make sure nothing happened to Molly because she has all of their knowledge.   Lupe ordered him to keep their trip top secret.  Cletus was extremely concerned, but that's all she would tell him.  Once inside the restroom they held hands.  Lupe said "Cross my fingers and poke your eye, bye Central Park."  In a split second they landed on a bedrock floor.  Tom took out his flashlight to illuminate the pitch black.  He whispered "This place is creepy.  Let's stay together."  Lupe looked at her Blinking unit. "The atmosphere is acceptable with no poisons."   A bright blue glow emanated from Millie's raised hand to further illuminate the area.  In an instant Millie ran up to something.  Tracy zipped over to Millie and stopped her. "Let's stay together."  Millie said "Look."  Tracy turned and saw an unusual looking wall.  Millie moved closer to examine it.  Tracy came up.  Millie quickly whispered "Don't touch it.  Step back."  Lupe, Nellie, and Tom were behind Tracy.  Lupe asked Millie "What is it?"  "Look here.  See the writing.  It has to be alien.  I feel extreme danger coming from that wall.  We need to get out of here."  Millie moved quickly to Lupe desperately trying to grab her hand.  She whispered "Get us out of here.  Now!  Now, Lupe.  Now!"  Lupe quickly calibrated her device and poof they were gone.   

It was dawn when Lupe, Tracy, Millie, Nellie, and Tom landed next to Tang's home at Kepler 186f.  Millie asked "Where are we?"  "Millie, there's something I've been meaning to tell you."  Tracy said "Just relax Millie, the aliens you're about to meet are our friends.  Don't do anything to hurt them."  Millie looked at Lupe. "Are we on another planet?!"  Lupe nodded her head. "We're 490 light years from earth.  Or about 2.94 quadrillion miles away."  "Get outta here.  No way."  Nellie said "Tang is a little shorter than us and he's really nice.   He has a daughter Lupe's age."  At that moment an alien creature, who we all know as Tang, stepped out of his rock home.  He's a sentinel who lives on the frontier.  He and the other sentinels act as a line of detection and defense against any intruders.  Tang smiled. "We were just completing our sleep when the instruments alerted us."  Lupe stepped forward. "Tang, it's nice to see you again.  Your dawn is very beautiful.  How have you been?"  "Since last earth week?  Fine.  But I have a feeling you're here for more than just exchanging pleasantries."  "Yes, but first let me introduce you to some more humans.  Lupe said "This is Tom.  He is one of the best warriors in America."  "It's a pleasure to meet you."  He turned to Lupe. "Tom has saved many lives."  Lupe continued "And this is Millie.  She is a very special person."  Millie stepped forward and extended her hand. "Hi, I'm Millie Watson; it's a pleasure to meet you."  He held out his hand with long spindly fingers.  "Hello, I am Tang of the Calix.  "You're much different than the others, Millie.  I cannot see into your mind.  You have powers I don't understand.  Are you human?"  Millie laughed. "One hundred percent.  I keep a wall up to protect myself.  Here I'll lower it to let you see in."  She did. "See I'm friendly and not any danger to you."  Tang looked at Lupe. "This one's mind is beyond my comprehension.  I looked but didn't understand."  Millie said "Lupe took us here because of a problem we encountered.  I can't explain it well with words.  I need you to hold my hand again and I'll show you what I saw and the feelings I had."  He held her hand for a few moments.  After the communication Tang gave Lupe a very worried look. "If what Millie explained is correct, you absolutely need our help."  Lupe asked "What's the problem?"  "There is something on the other side of that wall that we must destroy.  Millie read it as pure evil.  The emanations Millie felt may be part of its defense mechanism.  She thinks it's powerful enough to destroy part of your earth."  Millie said "But I felt it wasn't put there to explode.  It's only the power source for something much more sinister."  Tang said "I need to contact our council."  He walked back into his home.

Lupe said "I need to sit down."  Millie and Nellie sat next to her while Tracy was pacing back and forth.  Millie said "This thing may be smarter than all of us."  Nellie said "It looked like it's been there for a long time."  Lupe said "We need to understand it better.  Millie, do you think it knew we were there?"  "I don't think so.  I felt it activates when something makes physical contact with that wall."  Tracy said "But you got a reading from it.  So somehow you probed it, right?"  Millie said "No.  See, everything puts off wave energy.  Like when your eyes take in the light waves bouncing off a flower, your mind interprets it as a flower.  I can consciously take in all waves and my mind will see what they are.  Most of it I ignore like we ignore background noise."   Tracy said "That is very cool."  Millie asked "Is there some way we can send a probe over there?  We could have it sit for a few days, then bring it back and do a reading."

Tang had come outside and was listening. "I believe the wall may be a door that beings pass through.  A probe resting near the door would be detected."   Nellie said "You mean it's a door like to another dimension?"  Tang said "Anything is possible.  This is very important.  One of the council members will be here in a few minutes.  In the meantime please come inside and say hello to my family."

While they were sitting down in the "gathering" area, Tang offered "I built a cooling unit to keep the sodas you left behind on your first excursion.  Would you care for anything to drink?"  Millie said "Sure, I'll take a soda."  Nellie asked for one too.  Nellie continued "Mom's been promising to take me here on the next trip.  Looks like I beat her to it.  It's like scrub brush desert out here."  Lupe said "But if you go further that way, you'll enter a lush green valley with pristine water and beautiful flowers and trees."  

Tang's wife, Slate, and their daughter Tonkin entered the room.  Introductions were made.  They sat down and had light conversation.  Tonkin and Lupe enjoyed comparing and contrasting the civilizations on each other's planet.  Some things we considered normal the Calix thought was very funny.  Lupe mentioned that Molly was off kissing a boy at the Central Park Zoo.  Kissing was one ritual the Calix got a kick out of.  Tonkin said "If a boy tried to kiss me, I would think he was trying to cannibalize me.  I can see our mouths coming together and he starts sucking the life force out of my body.  Yuk!  I'd kick him in the thromboids!"  Tracy said "Ouch.  That must hurt."  Tonkin said "It's part of the external male reproductive system.  Very sensitive."  Lupe giggled and giggled. "You go, Tonkin."  "Why do you want me to go?"  "No, no.  Not that way."  "Which way?"  Tracy walked over to Tonkin and took her hand so she could see into her mind. "See, it's just silly slang we use."  Tonkin said "Now I understand.  I think.  And you don't need to hold my hand for me to see into your mind.  But we do like to touch."

An aircraft arrived. It hovered over Tang's home then landed.  Out stepped the chief member of the administrative council named Taze.  She was greeted by Tang then came in.  He introduced her to the humans.  On her first visit, Lupe left a history of the human race including its languages.  The Calix are now fluent in English and all the other earth languages.  Taze said "Millie... Tang described a symbol you saw on that wall.  May I touch your hand and have you show it to me?"  Millie smiled "Of course.  Here..." as she held out her hand.  After a moment's touch, Taze quickly turned to Tang "It is it.  This is very troubling."  She addressed the group "Our ancient history records a war we had with creatures who could change their bodies."  She held up a small screen "This was their symbol >:< "  Millie said "That's exactly what I saw.  That symbol was at the top of the wall and glyphs ran down from it."  Taze said "I'm thankful you came to us.  These beings must be destroyed."  Lupe asked "Why?  Who are they?"  Taze said "They came almost twenty thousand earth years ago.  We didn't know they were here because they changed their bodies to look like us.  We accidently discovered their existence when one was being treated for a laceration.  Their tissue was examined and we found a second very small nucleus hidden in the endoplasmic reticulum of every cell.  Each cell represented two beings simultaneously.  Their modus operandi is the visible nucleus houses the DNA of the planet's host species.  The tiny hidden DNA houses the Crucible code.  When the main DNA is stripped away they return to their true being.  They are grotesque looking creatures.  And, after they die a small cloud rises from their body."  Lupe laughed. "A little cloud?"  "Don't make jest.  I'm speaking of their life force.  The cloud exists for only a few moments but it's written the stench is horrifying.  These beings are extremely vile and corrupt." 

"We have studied your history from the records you provided.  We thought it was incongruent that humans who have lived very simple lives for hundreds of thousands of years would make such significant technological advances in war in just a flash of time.  Now it has become very clear."  Taze continued "We need to know if any one of you are the Crucible, which is what they call themselves."  She opened a very old box and took out a crude looking instrument.  She said "Please stay seated and I'll point it to each one of you."  They did and she did.  No Crucible.

Lupe said "Tracy doesn't agree with me, but these events are too circumstantial.  Something showed me how to travel great distances.  Molly can see what all forms of life are thinking.  Tracy, Molly, and Jacob have made giant inroads in the biological sciences.  Summer has aided in the happiness of people.  And that's just the new Pioneers.  It seems some force is making life eminently better on earth.  Even the overall environment on earth is improving.  We came across Millie only some days ago and now almost miraculously she is showing us a giant threat to humanity?  Then through our association established only months ago, I'm able to come here and show you something you know from your history as sinister.  Something we both want removed from the universe."  Lupe giggled and looked up. "Whoever and whatever you are, thanks.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart."

Taze said " Xochitl Metztli and her people called the Mexica, and you Cacosxaj Tepocas, who come from the Comcáac Nation refer to the force as the Great Spirit.  We do also.  Like you, we have been struggling to find answers about the Great Spirit, but to no avail.  We do appreciate its magnanimous nature.  And every day we give thanks.  But today it pointed us to the Crucible and is telling us to rid it from the earth.  And that we will do."  Lupe smiled "See Tracy, there is a God."  Tracy replied "That depends on what you interpret God as being."  Lupe responded "Oh ye of little faith.  Just look where we are and what we're doing.  This is beyond our wildest dreams.  But it's real.  Here's another saying that you dismiss as a platitude, 'None are so blind as those who will not see'."  Tracy said "Ok, I'm not stupid.  I can see this is incredible.  But we could just as easily be creatures in a zoo with benevolent zookeepers.  We take very good care of the animals at the Central Park Zoo.  Something may be taking good care of us."  Lupe said "Well I wouldn't go that far.  What about the millions of people who suffered and died because of wars over at least the last four thousand years?"  Taze broke into the banter. "The deaths and misery may have been caused by the Crucible.  They take pleasure by feeling your pain."  Nellie asked "They enjoy feeling people's emotions?"  Taze said "Yes.  They very much enjoy the extreme emotion of a person realizing they are about to die.  And we suspect they are eating the life force, or spirit as you call it... when it leaves the deceased body."  Nellie exclaimed "Holy shit."  Taze said "So you see it's imperative we destroy the Crucible."

Lupe sat back and pondered.  She asked Taze "Some historians say the Sumerians came from the stars.  Same with some of the Egyptians, and the Mayans, Incas, and Aztecs."  Taze said "We believe all cultures you mentioned had beings from other planets.  The Sumerians brought many simple improvements to humanity.  They had an innate understanding of the cosmos which tells us they were aliens to earth.  The Egyptians were highly egotistical.  Those aliens seemed to believe they should be revered as gods.  And your simple planet was a good place to have that happen.  The leaders of the Mayans, Incas, and Aztecs were very sinister like the Crucible.  And for the last few thousand years humans have been very warlike.  This is what troubled us about you.

With the information I've been given today, it would be easy to believe that Hitler, Stalin, and other brutal leaders were actually Crucible.  But recently we see you humans are elevating yourselves to work together as one brotherhood.  The previous extreme polarization between a few controlling super rich and the rest of you humans caused a giant backlash.  With technology you were able to decide on the type of life you wanted to live.  Before the Big Change, there was both physical and financial misery.  So we have to believe the Rothschilds and other super wealthy people were in fact Crucible who were hell bent on causing as much grief as possible."  

Millie looked at Taze and pleadingly said "The others don't really understand how horrible these beings are.  They didn't feel it like I did.  These monsters are extremely powerful.  How can we stop them?"  Taze said "Millie, come here and hold my hand again."  Millie was hesitant but she walked over and took her hand.  After five minutes without a word in the room Millie released her grasp.  She looked at Tracy and Lupe. "You didn't tell me the Calix are incredibly more advanced than humans.  They pull electrons out of rocks to eat.  They function separately and at the same time as a whole.  They are so advanced they were able to quickly learn from us and bring themselves down to our level and think like us and express themselves so we could understand them.  And they are very caring creatures.  If they wanted they could destroy an entire planet."  Taze said "If we were compelled to, we could and would."

Taze continued "As Millie and I spoke she told me about a group of men who tried to kill her.  They could have been Crucible."  Lupe asked "Why do you say that?"  "While they existed on our planet we had a pause in the evolution of our species.  It was as if something prevented significant natural beneficial changes to our DNA.  The few with extraordinary mutations died before they could procreate.  Our ancient records show they all died from unfortunate accidents, being murdered, or by mysterious causes.  After we rid ourselves of the Crucible the odd deaths ended.  Our theory is they didn't want us to advance so they could better control us.  That may be the case with Millie.  From what I gleaned from Millie, there are probably more like her.  I believe the Crucible have formed death squads to kill them."  Lupe said "That explains a lot.  But, how do we kill the Crucible?"  Taze said "We don't know where the beings originate.  What we do know is they have to enter a chamber for a period of time which enables them to exist in this environment.  We believe that wall Millie saw is a door into a place where they recharge themselves.  It may also be a portal.  We need to destroy that place without detonating the power source."  Lupe asked "How?"  Millie spoke up. "By having me enter with Taze and Tang.  They have weapons to disable the beings and I have a better ability than theirs to touch the system and see how to shut it down."  Taze said "We, the Calix have incredible mental abilities.  But we believe the Crucible with their time spent here found ways to block our mind telepathy."  Tracy said "You three going wouldn't be enough.  We should all go.  My chemicals can make beings almost indestructible."

Taze suggested "Tang told me about a human named K'akana who like Millie possesses extraordinary abilities.   They may be a gift from the Star Travellers.  We need her when we attack."  Lupe said "Can we do this without any casualties?"  Taze said "I don't know.  I do know our ancient writings tell us the Crucible are physically weak without weapons and PPE.  But they have super mental powers.  When we defeated them we first used a mind wave disrupter then we destroyed their body armor and the rest was easy.  We used a special weapon to accomplish it.  But between then and now they may have developed a defense against it.  That is why I believe K'akana will be an important addition."  Nellie said "Sun Tzu."  Taze smiled "That is correct.  Your ancient warrior, Sun Tzu was a very wise human."  Nellie laughed "What's funny is Sun Tzu could have actually been a Crucible teaching humans how to effectively kill each other."  Taze said "Millie's mind told me you were an excellent warrior.  Your perceptiveness underscores and validates her assertion."

After discussing their attack plan at length, Tracy said "I'd like to review everything...  During our attack if necessary Lupe can Blink us out.  The Calix have a weapon to take down the Crucible defenses... maybe.  While this is all going on Millie will touch the system to find the off switch.  Each of us will also have the Calix's weapon."  Taze added "We have the ability to cloak ourselves but I'm not sure it would work against them.  What Tang and I can do is create an ultrahigh energy orb around Millie.  This would further protect her."  Millie said "I can do it myself.  It would be easier that way."  Lupe asked Millie "Are you strong enough to protect yourself?"  Millie walked over and opened the house door and stood at the opening.  She raised her arm and concentrated for a moment.  Then a huge bolt of blue light shot from her hand and travelled approximately five hundred feet to a huge boulder.  She blew it to smithereens.  "I can do that but it takes a lot of my strength away."  Tang said "You may be able to draw energy from me.  We have an enormous amount residing in our bodies.  Here, I'll touch your hand and with your other hand try it again."  "Where should I discharge the energy?"  "See that hill?  There are several large boulders.  Try them."  Millie held Tang's hand tightly.  She telepathically asked him to relax.  She said she could feel his extraordinary energy.  "Just relax, Tang.  Allow it to flow.  Relax.  Focus on allowing me to move your energy.  I'm a conduit and your energy will freely pass."  Millie concentrated while focusing on the boulders.  Her arm raised and a blue light turned pure white then left her hand in a thunder clap of energy.  The house shook.  Everybody ran outside to see.  Millie was speechless.  Tang said "She put a large hole through the entire hill.  Tang took a piece of magnetite out of his pocket to recharge his system.  He said "If you require my assistance I'll touch your arm and you can fire.  But be careful and moderate the charge.  What you did was far too much."  

Everyone sat back down and continued planning.  After an hour of hashing and rehashing they finally reached an agreement.  Lupe said "Then that's it.  We will meet here tomorrow at 10:00am eastern standard earth time.  Thanks for the film spray.  We'll apply it on our bodies after we shower tomorrow."   I like the concept of a clear thin film acting as armor.

After the goodbyes the group Blinked back to just outside K'akana's home.  Lupe opened the kitchen door.  "Papi, como le va.  I see you're still here."  "Mijita, you're just in time for lunch."  "I'm not alone."  Lupe looked back outside "Come on in guys."  K'akana greeted each one as they came through the door.  "Hello Tracy... Nellie... huge secret service agent..."  He said "My name is Tom, ma'am.  It's a pleasure."  And finally K'akana saw Millie. "And you must be the Millie Summer told me about."  "Yes ma'am" as she took her hand she saw into her mind.  K'akana's face became very concerned. "Madre de Dios, this is very serious Millie.  Please come and sit down."  She immediately looked at Tony. "We will eat later, my love.  I'm sorry but what we are about to discuss must be kept a secret.  Please trust me on this and please step outside so we can be alone.  In fact, why don't you and Running Bear drive to Albuquerque and pick up that custom made saddle we ordered.  Take your time.  Shop around for anything else we might need.  Come back at noon tomorrow.  Ok?"  Tony stood completely flummoxed.  "You want what?...  I don't understand."  She hugged her man. "You heard me baby.  I'll be ok, but this has to be a secret so skedaddle out of here.  Gracias, mi amor."  Completely confused, he stepped outside to get with Standing Bear who was feeding the horses.  Lupe asked "Where's Summer?"  "She's giving a speech on happiness at UC Berkeley.  Then she's speaking at Stanford tomorrow."

K'akana sat next to Millie at the kitchen table.  They were completely tuned out from the others in the room.  She said "Give me your hand."  They spoke telepathically. "I didn't know people like you existed.  Not only can I speak to your spirit, I see you possess great powers.  The ancients of my clan spoke of people like you.  But I never thought I would actually meet one."  Millie thought "As you saw, we were just with the Calix.  The one they call Taze asked me to make sure you came with us tomorrow."  K'akana looked to the other corner of the large kitchen "Please excuse me while I get something."  She walked across the floor and pulled back a rug and opened a hatch door then walked down into the darkness of a cellar.  In a moment she returned wearing a chain with a silver and turquoise amulet.  She sat next to Millie, held her hand and continued telepathically. "This is a gift from the star travellers.  It is supposed to be a weapon to protect us, but time has blurred its use."   K'akana grasped it and said "Maybe you have the power to activate it.  Put your hand on mine."  After a moment both became conscious of another world.  Thoughts started speaking to them in the language of the ancient star travellers.  "We gave strict orders to your ancestors to never use the amulet unless you desperately required our help.  What you are holding is nothing trivial."  K'akana in the ancient language said "I am K'akana, the 2,486 person in the line of daughters of the woman who received the amulet from the star travellers.  Today, the girl who is with me has shown we have a problem that requires your help.  But she doesn't know your language."  Millie thought "Somehow I understand you.  I can feel what you're saying.  Please look into my mind and see what happened today."  There was a brief pause then it spoke. "The Crucible!  We thought they were destroyed.  Some must have escaped."

And yes, K'akana, we also spawned the Calix like we did humans.  Both of you are our children and it angers us that these beasts are occupying your earth wreaking havoc and turmoil.  They must be destroyed as you have planned.  But you need our help."  K'akana implored "Tell us what to do."

Lupe and the rest were staring intently as K'akana and Millie looked like they were in a trance with their eyes half open staring into space.  As the two were grasping the amulet, it was making a very low humming sound.  Tracy whispered "Should we talk to them?"  Lupe replied "Absolutely not.  K'akana knows what she's doing.  Leave them alone.  But they are kind of scary looking."  

The being spoke to them. "We planted the seed before we left earth back 570 million years ago.  We periodically visited your world since then.  Sometimes we changed a few things to have life move in the right direction.  Then we decided humans would be the crowning glory of our work on earth, and that someday one of our chosen ones would create a device similar to the one you are holding.  We are very happy to see the one you call Lupe succeeded.  Besides the Calix, we have other children living on many other worlds.  Worlds which you will eventually explore.  But today we must focus on the extermination of the Crucible.  Please point the amulet to an open area big enough to accommodate three beings the size of a human."  Millie released the amulet.  K'akana stood and faced away from the table.  She thought "It's done."  "Now please release the amulet."  She did.  A brilliant green light started to emanate from the center of the medallion.  Then inside that light came a huge flash.  Three beautiful women dressed like Xena the Warrior Princess appeared.  One motioned for K'akana to come over.  They placed their hands on her head and neck.  Everybody in the room sat motionless.  After a few minutes one of the creatures turned to the group. "It's more enjoyable to touch our subject when we read them.  We wanted a brief history and to learn your language.  You speak English.  Is my English acceptable?"  K'akana said "Yes, of course.  The being said "Please excuse us for a few moments while we connect into your WIFI to get a more complete history.  Nellie asked Millie "Who are they?"  Millie whispered "Friends.  We need to stay silent until they finish."  After some moments the beings opened their eyes and were ready.

K'akana knelt down and bowed her head before the leader. "Oh great mother, the creator of all life on this planet, it is an honor to have you before us."  "Please stand up.  We're not gods to be revered or worshiped.  We're simply your mothers.  A long time ago we came here to earth and seeded life."  She created a screen of electricity similar to a large hologram. "We know you are aware of the evolution on your planet, but we put this together for the fun of it.  You and a few thousand more planets have been our pet projects."  Tom, Tracy, Lupe, and Nellie were motionless sitting aghast at what they just heard.  The leader said "My name is Ruth.  And this is Asya, and this is Anya.  And you must be Lupe."  Lupe quickly stood. "(gulp) Yes, I'm Lupe.  How can I help you?"  Ruth began to giggle very much like Lupe giggles. "I'd be scared to death too if I saw some creatures pop out of a green light."  She shook Lupe's hand and said "Asya, see, Lupe here created teleportation.  Your seed worked."  Asya said "It took long enough."  Anya said "We need to get down to business."  Ruth said "You're always so serious.  You need to relax a little."  Asya said "We've been telling her that forever and she's still the same.  But she's right.  The Crucible are a bunch of sickos who need to be eradicated.  And I mean now."  Ruth said to the people in the room "You may not be able to kill the Crucible alone.  We don't want you to take that chance.  And, we don't want any of you getting hurt.  Over several thousand years these horrible creatures have probably developed surprises we don't even know about.  But I'm sure with our help you can take them down."  Nellie walked over "Can I touch you?"  "Of course.  You're Nellie.  It's a pleasure to meet you."  Nellie took Ruth's hand and saw into Ruth's mind.  Ruth said "What do you think of the universe?"  Nellie's eyes were glazed over "It's beautiful.  I want to go there, and over there, and here.  Wow.  I can taste and smell everything.  Is this what heaven looks like?"

Ruth released Nellie's hand "We don't know if there is a heaven or not.  We don't know if there is a God.  What we do know is I'm close to 700 million years old and I know things way beyond your comprehension.  For us, discovery, understanding, togetherness, and survival is our surrogate God.  As you humans would say 'It's the reason we wake up in the morning and go to bed at night'.  We imagine God as love and understanding."  Nellie asked "And warriors?"  Ruth said "You're looking at three of the best warriors in this sector of the universe."  "Wooooow!  ...I need to sit down."  "Don't sit down.  Asya, after we finish, talk to her.  Teach her some things that will make her a better warrior."

Ruth continued "Ok, let's discuss this.  But before we start we need Tang and Taze.  Anya... would you please bring them here.  Thank you."  Anya walked over to Lupe "What do you say we get your friends.  You have the coordinates."  Lupe asked "What about Molly?"  Ruth said "Like you decided earlier today, Molly will stay out of this.  She knows in specific detail all of the young Pioneers discoveries, including those not yet implemented like the 'Sophia Effect'.  If we lose you and Tracy, Molly along with Jacob will be the safety valve of your knowledge.  And your next question is what about Connie and Sophia.  Please bring them here.  We will need them.  With that Lupe and Anya Blinked to Tang's home.  In thirty minutes they returned with Connie, Sophia, Tang, Taze and Tang's advanced sentinel attack spaceship.  It was hovering over K'akana's home in cloaked mode.

Anya happily said "Hey, guys.  We're back.  Did you miss us?"  Ruth said "A little levity from Miss Serious.  I'm surprised."  Lupe said "Tang and Taze dropped to the ground bowing before Anya like she was a god."  Ruth said "They inflated your ego.  Is that why you're so chipper?"  "Can it Ruth.  Let's get down to business."  Asya said "Oooh, so you enjoy your children making over you."  "Well, they are my children.  Can we get back to business now?"  "Sure."  Ruth and Asya introduced themselves to the new additions and went over what they said earlier.  The Calix gave their ideas of how to destroy them.  Ruth commented "I like your idea of keeping the number of attackers low.  Surprise is of utmost importance.  No one can know about this.  The Crucible could be anywhere."  Ruth touched K'akana's amulet and it started humming again "I'm having my people send some things over.  First will be tiny detectors you can stick anywhere on your body.  It will tell you if a Crucible is in your proximity and who they are and it will block any mind control they would attempt on you.  Next I'm bringing over something similar to the spray Taze gave you.  In addition to being body armor, this will prevent all waves and particulates from emanating from your bodies.  It's supposed to keep them from seeing, hearing, smelling, or in any way feeling your presence.  Spray it on tomorrow morning after you shower.  And be sure to take a dose of Tracy's superpower chemicals.  You'll need them.  But not you, Millie."  Nellie asked "What about weapons?"  Asya smiled and said "Since you're a student of Sun Tzu, you know the best weapon is moving in harmony with the force of the attacker allowing that force to be used against them."  Connie scrunched up her face. "Yes, but how?"  "Almost all adversaries use weapons that are lethal to them.  It's their subconscious mindset.  Interesting, isn't it."  "Yes. Go on."  "We have a device that works like a mirror.  It will identify and return the exact type of force back to the enemy, only amplified."  Nellie said "Like I'm rubber you're glue, whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you?"  Asya laughed and told Ruth "She's too cute.  Can I take her home with me?"  Ruth frowned. "I don't think her mother would like that."

"Let's continue.  An item I'll bring over for the attack is an exquisite tool we recently developed.  It closes portals to other dimensions and it can also be used to seal both ends of a temporal thread.  So beings traveling inside will be encased there forever.  Well, not forever.  They'll disintegrate after a few earth days."  Lupe looked at Ruth "I've often worried about the ends closing when I Blink."  Ruth said "It took us so long to make the device because we were worried about disturbing the space/time continuum.  I'm not talking about looking into the future then doing something different right now to change it.  That's not a problem.  I'm talking about the beautiful moving geometric pattern of what we know as dark matter.  We didn't want to crack it.  But as our research, which took forever, went deeper into this we discovered that dark matter does crack but it repairs itself like a living organism, which is what we believe it is.  Anyway the tool is like a large bomb that can obliterate threads to other dimensions.  Cool, huh?"

Millie asked "I don't mean to be rude and please don't take it that way, but why are you talking like teenagers?"  Anya answered "These knuckleheads love humans.  Ok, I do to.  We like to talk, act, and look like you.  It makes us feel good.  Listen, if we wanted, we could transform our essence into an invisible force that transmits thoughts instantly but we wouldn't have sensory organs like you.  That's half the fun of existing.  Ruth turned to Taze and Tang "When I say you I mean all of our children from all the planets we visited."

Asya said "Let's go to the next thing."  Ruth said "Ok.  The next thing is a sensory scrambler.  It scrambles the input into their brains from their sensory organs.  This may not work but we'll try it anyway.  And of course we have the weapons of the humans and the Calix, which are very powerful."   

Anya said "But there is one other weapon which Ruth, Asya, and I believe is the most powerful."  All three looked at Millie and K'akana.  Millie asked "What?  Did I do something?"  "Millie you have the most powerful weapon I've come across.  It's when you touch a being you can vent all their negative emotions and on top of that you can get inside their minds and alter their thinking.  Unlike the Crucible who force their subjects under pain to carry out their commands, you can make your subjects willingly do something or believe something.  Like this morning you simply touched Tracy and made her think she was hungry."  Tracy said "Millie, did you do that?"  Millie smiled and nodded.  She looked at Ruth "I'm not about to touch those evil creatures!"  Asya said "What Ruth is getting at is you may not be able to find the off switch just by touching the machinery.  I'm sure they have firewalls to prevent that.  But you can if you touch a Crucible.  K'akana will be entering the Crucible's mind at the same time in a dual attack.  And don't worry, Ruth and I will be next to you.

There's something else. We know the Crucible enjoy certain sensory stimulus.  Imagine a sliced watermelon.   There's the thin green skin.  Then the light green color band.  Then the beautiful red inside with symmetrically placed tiny black seeds near the middle.  The subtle smell, the bright color, the texture, the pleasing taste.  If this image were to be displayed in the mind of a Crucible, they would go wild.  Everything else they were focusing on would disappear."  Millie said "That's crazy.  How can such an advanced evil creature be so easily overcome by a watermelon slice?"  Ruth said "They go nuts over sliced cantaloupe too."  Lupe said "Get outta here."  Asya laughed "And Tangerines, oranges, and nectarines.  In an amplified way they vividly see, smell, taste, and touch it all at once."  Lupe asked "How do you know this?"  Ruth responded "Tens of Thousands of years ago we had a problem with them here in Central America and in the Middle East.  We thought they were vanquished from this planet.  Guess the narcotic of earth was just too much."  Tracy said "They get off on feeling the negative emotions of people but they like fruit too?"  Ruth said "They're completely different.  You're trying to rationalize through your own lens of reality.  Just think of them as weirdoes."  K'akana said "Weirdoes that enjoy eating spirits of the dead."

It was coming up on 6:00pm New York time.  The planning process was completed.  Ruth said "Does everyone have their Crucible detector and mind control blocker attached to their body?  Good.  Then we are finished for now.  You guys better get back to Central Park.  We'll meet you at Trump Tower around 10:00am tomorrow."

After a call to Cletus to make sure the restroom was empty, Lupe blinked the girls and Tom back.  Cletus met them outside.  "Are you ok?"  Lupe checked her Crucible detector.  Nothing.  "We're fine."  Cletus asked "What happened?"  "It's a secret.  Sorry.  Here, let me turn on this mp4 player to drown out my words."  She did and continued "Is everybody back at the hotel?"  Cletus said "Yes, we were thinking about going somewhere to eat as soon as you got back.  We were worried about you.  You can't talk about it?"  Tracy said "Sorry Cletus.  And as of right now, Tom is working directly for us and must be immediately accessible to us.  I'm sorry Cletus, but this is a military command from Lupe and I.  Later you'll know why.  Ok?"  Lupe hugged Cletus. "Ok, Uncle Cletus?"  "I trust your judgment.  Ok.  Come on.  Let's get back to the hotel."  That night they pulled Molly aside and talked to her about the secret assignment tomorrow.  Molly eventually was convinced she was more important being out of it.  She would tell Hazel and Hanna that the girls were off on business and would return later that day.  After an early supper the group hit the sack.  

It was 8:00am Tuesday morning, June 18, 2019.  Lupe felt a nudge. "Hey sleepyhead, wake up."  She opened her eyes and saw Ruth looking down at her "How'd you get in?  We like to use the fancy term transessence, or what you call Blinking.  We couldn't stay over there any longer.  Too much exhilaration.  We are so excited about today!"  "I don't know about being excited, but all I dreamed about last night was the attack and the possibly of getting killed."  Asya said "Oh, don't worry about that.  We got your backs.  You have any coffee?  I only slept five hours last night."  Lupe asked "You ah... ah..."  Ruth said "We call ourselves Infinitum.  Pretty catchy, huh?  And yes we like to sleep because it's a way to maintain our organization."  Lupe called room service to get some juice and coffee.  She asked "Do you eat food?"  Asya said "Yes, we love the experience.  Order some bacon, eggs, toast, some waffles, and maybe a slice of ham.  Oh, and I want to see what blueberry syrup is all about.  Thanks."  By now all the girls were awake and slowly moving to get up.  Millie asked "Did I hear somebody say waffles?  I'll take some."  And so it went.  They cleaned up, got ready, and ate breakfast.  

It was almost 10:00.  Ruth, Anya, and Asya had gone over the plan of attack with the group at least five times in the last hour.  Ruth said "Tom, are you ready?"  "Yes ma'am."  "Let's go over it one more time.  You will touch the insignia of the Crucible on the wall.  An alarm will probably sound.  The Crucible will see it's a human trying to get in.  The door opens.  They won't kill you because they will want to know how you got there.  We will be blurred beyond their comprehension walking in right behind you.  Once inside, Nellie, Connie, Sophia, Tracy, and Lupe will start using plasma/laser weapons which will cause significant damage.  The Crucible will wonder how you came in undetected.  You girls and Tom will have your strength chemicals and a layer of armor to protect you plus these devices to block their mind control.  But you will pretend to be weak and allow them to overcome you at first.  As they come upon you, you will jump up and decimate them with your weapons.  Then the Calix will appear attacking from a different place in the giant chamber.  That will cause the remaining Crucible to be stunned and confused not knowing what's going on.  All of you will start using these small weapons we provided plus your own weapons.  You will be wreaking havoc in the cavern.  Anya will remain invisible and she will be within close proximity of you with her weapon and sensory blurring device.  She will make sure none of you get hurt.  While all that is going on Millie, K'akana, myself, and Asya will be running deeper into the chamber to locate the leader.   They will come up and touch it delving deeply into its mind.  The creature will be blind to Asya and me.  As you are reading the creature, your thoughts will pass to our minds.  The Crucible will see Millie and K'akana trying to get information, and will understand you two are only human with some extra powers.  The creature will laugh and start mentally pushing you back.  Then Asya and I will flood his mind with extreme pleasure stimulus like watermelon slices.  He will happily be off on a pleasure trip and then Millie with the help of K'akana will be able to find what we need to know, which is:  Is this the only recharge center and portal on earth and in this universe?  If not where are the rest?  List every Crucible on earth and their location.  And tell us exactly what kinds of technology the Crucible now possess.  And, where is your power source."

Millie looked at Ruth with a worried face. "I don't know if I can do this."  Nellie said "Millie, like I told before in a story, you mustn't be afraid and run and hide from a nine foot tall rabbit man.  You have to become one."  Ruth added "That's right.  You'll have behind you two of the greatest warriors in this sector of the Universe.  And if something happens to you, which I'm sure it won't, we can reassemble your body cells and bring you back to life."  That comment took Millie by surprise. "Are you sure you're not gods?"  "Funny.  Here, touch my hand."  Millie was very much afraid.  She took Ruth's hand.  Ruth imbedded a special awareness into Millie's psyche.  She had a great calmness come over her "I can see everything now.  It's all very clear.  I'm not afraid anymore.  Let's go kill us some Crucible!"

Lupe looked around.  "I don't know about this reassembling business.  But I do know there are a few things in this world worth dying for, and freedom is one of them.  We are standing up for what really matters.  Today is one of the most important days for humankind.  We're going to give the enemy hell.  But if we fail and die, at least it will have been for a good reason.  I just want all you guys to know I love you.  All of you.   If we don't survive, it's been a good ride."  They gave each other a big group hug, Tom included.  Tracy shouted "Let's take those bastards down!!!"

Ruth smiled and asked "Everybody has their weapons?  Everybody ready?"  "Let's do it!"  They gathered close together.  Ruth created an encircling power field, then in a blink they were standing at the Crucible's door over fifteen hundred feet below Central Park.  Ruth whispered "Everybody except Tom should be invisible to the Crucible now.  Let's hope it works.  Tom... Let's roll."  "Yes ma'am."  He reached up and touched the symbol.  They waited but nothing.  He slapped it with his hand.  Nothing.   He slammed the metal wall with his body.  Then he started kicking it.  Then he took out his laser weapon and shot it causing an area to heat to a brilliant red.  The wall started moving like a sliding door.  Tom ran inside with everybody right behind him.  With only a narrow beamed flashlight to assist, he began shooting his weapon into the darkness yelling "Where are you cowards.  Show yourselves!"  

All at once the area lit up.  It was a large cavern with rows of recharging cells occupied by the Crucible.  The small doors of the cells flung open and about fifty creatures stepped out.  They looked like humans.  Tom fired his machine gun as they were approaching.  The weapon didn't harm their bodies.  They had a thin flexible layer of armor on.  The one closest raised his hand toward Tom.  Tom immediately dropped his weapon and was raised off the floor a few inches then flung against a wall.  He pretended to be knocked out.  Two picked him up and started to carry him further into the cavernous area.  Ruth released the invisibility on Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Lupe, and Tracy.  Tracy yelled out "Die, you motherf---ers!"  Her plasma gun was tearing the Crucible and their recharging cells apart.  By this time Crucible soldiers had entered the giant chamber.  The leader was amused at the simpletons trying to kill the great Crucible.  The girls stopped and dropped pretending they were knocked out.  The Crucible were very concerned how such basic creatures could have made it through their defenses.  They were going to pick one up to interrogate and kill the other four.  With the Crucible's weapons down, the girls jumped up and began shooting.  Nellie used her Ninja stars to puncture their eyes.  Then Taze and Tang appeared further into the cavern.  They cut the Crucible's legs off below the knees.  An alarm sounded.  Many more soldiers came in.  Lupe, Tom, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, and Tracy ran over to the Calix.  Taze loudly said in the Crucible's language.  Remember us?  We are the Calix and you must die.  A war of the minds and weapons commenced.  The Crucible numbered over a hundred now, and it was hard keeping them at bay.  Anya saw in her mind one of the Crucible was drawing a bead on Nellie's eyes.  She angrily sped up her metabolism a million fold and casually walked over to the creature.  "Not to my Nellie, you don't."  A touch of five thousand degrees of heat immediately turned the disgusting alien into black dust.  Anya slowed her oscillations back down to 'normal' then continued making sure only the Crucible were taken down.  Millie, K'akana, Ruth, and Asya were still cloaked and had run behind the attacking Crucible looking for the individual giving the orders.  Two hundred feet back they finally saw him.  No human disguise.  It was a dirty disgusting beast that smelled of putrid decaying excrement.  Ruth said to Millie "This is the one you will touch."  Millie held her breath then ran up and wrapped her arms around him holding tightly.  K'akana grabbed his arm.  He thought "What is this?  It's only stupid humans attempting to use odd powers to read my mind.  What senselessness."  At that moment the two Infinitum appeared.  Asya said "Hey big boy, you like fresh slices of watermelon?  How about fresh ice cold tangerine slices?  Look, I'll squeeze a piece so you can see and taste the juice as it squirts out.  Isn't it beautiful?"  While she was feeding him with the strongest Crucible narcotic, Millie and K'akana entered his subconscious from two directions.  "How do I close the portal to your dimension without blowing this place up?  Exactly where are each one of you on earth?  How many recharge stations and portals are there?  How do we send a large object via the portal across to your universe?  Where is your power source for this station?"  

In just a few moments they had all the answers and relayed them to Ruth.  Ruth teleported in a portal buster as large as a Detroit city bus.  She immediately sent it through.  Then she followed up with a device to destroy the portal thread to the other universe.  After Ruth destroyed the leader, she and Millie walked over to a machinery door.  Millie opened it with blue light from her hand using the code the disgusting creature gave her.  Ruth opened a small metal cabinet and carefully removed a glowing green crystal the size of a football.  Ruth said "These bastards discovered one of the compact sources of energy in our universe."  Ruth teleported in another bomb but this time a much smaller one.

Millie asked Ruth "Are we finished?  I'd really like to leave, now."  Ruth telepathically asked Anya to bring the others.  Anya instantly brought them all together.  Ruth set the bomb for five seconds then teleported the squad out to the cloaked spacecraft hovering over the hotel.

That morning a small earthquake was reported in New York City with the epicenter below south Central Park.   In a certain parsec of another universe an extremely large explosion occurred of unimaginable magnitude and intensity.  It created a giant rift that would prevent the creation of any further portals into this universe.

Ruth addressed everyone in the craft.  "Well guys you did it.  How does it feel?"  Tracy enthusiastically said "Great!"  Nellie said "At the beginning I thought we were doomed."  Asya said "Remember what I taught you Nellie."  "Yeah, yeah... do the roper dope so your enemy will relax, then you take 'em out."  "Precisely."

Lupe asked Ruth "Next time can you just snap your finger or something to take the enemy down?"  Ruth, Anya, and Asya walked next to each other.  Standing together, Asya said "Yes, we could have done that.  Easily.  But it's important for you to do these things as a learning experience.  We like to use the expression 'seed'.  So this seed we planted in you today will continue in the soul of humanity that anything is possible and any enemy can be vanquished if it's done right.  There are 2,137 Crucible remaining on earth.  To save you the time and trouble, we will destroy them.  After that we're heading back home."

Nellie ran up to Ruth "Don't go.  We need you."  Ruth smiled "When I held your hand I showed you many things you'll see and do during your lifetime.  Stay the course and use the additional tools Asya has given you."  She turned to everyone. "But most of all follow your moral compass.  We can't stay.  It's like when a child becomes an adult, you need to go out on your own and be independent.  But, if you need us we're only a call away."  Ruth walked up to Lupe "Lupe you're a great leader.  Keep your people on the cutting edge of science and morality, and like us, have tons of fun along the way."  Lupe hugged her. "Thanks for everything, OH MIGHTY ONE." Lupe winked and made her eyebrows move up and down.  Ruth smiled and said "Can it, kid."

Ruth took her hand and said "The answer to the question in your mind is yes.  Yes, your essence continues after death and will go into a new human zygote."  Lupe scrunched her face. "But the human population varies over time.  Sometimes geometrically.  How is linear reincarnation possible?  And how can we be the same person when our DNA changes?"  She said "It isn't linear as you perceive it.  You will discover other phenomenon in physics that will change your concept of linear.  And yes, your characteristics change, but you don't.  We'll see if you can discover the answer over the next few thousand years."

Ruth then went over to Millie. "It's good to have friends like these who understand you.  They'll be very important in your future and you in theirs.  And you're not alone, there are others like you."  "Really?  That's interesting.  Are they good people?"  "I don't know, Millie.  But trust your intuition.  You did with Lupe.  When you come upon someone like yourself, you'll know it."  Millie asked "Seriously.  I'm going to meet people like me?"  "Yes.  I see it in your future.  Let your intuition tell you if it's ok to openly spill the beans about who you are and what your powers are.  Just be careful what you say.  They may not be friendly.  But then again they might.  See, the future flexes.  There is nothing cut in stone."  "Interesting.  And mom, if it won't hurt me and if it will help with my powers, can you put a tiny piece of that green crystal somewhere in my body?"  Ruth said "I already did little one.  It's between your kidneys, locked inside your parietal peritoneum at your pelvic wall.  I thought that would be the safest place in your body."  "Thanks.  When did you do it?  Ruth said we can move much faster than the speed of light when we want."  "You slow down to our speed so you can communicate with us?"  "Yes.  It's not just to communicate; it's to have fun with you guys."  Millie stopped and took in what was just said "You really are like gods, aren't you?"  "If a god is a creature with powers far superior to yours, then yes.  But we in no way created this universe.  We just facilitated the creation of humans."  Ruth touched Millie's hand "Don't worry.  We're your friends.  We made you.  And yes, you can summon me if you need help against others.  Don't worry, I placed a monitor with the green crystal.  From time to time I'll be checking on you."

Anya took Tracy's hand and spoke to her mind. "I very much like what you've done with Nellie's grandparents."  She continued "Here's some additional steps you'll need to take to have it work over the long term......  See?"  Tracy said "It's so easy.  But I would've never thought of it.  Thanks.  One more thing.  Can you show me the future on earth?"  Anya said "Tracy, the future is ever changing, but some things are constants, like you.  Look... here is how the future would be without you.  And here is the future with you.  See the important role your life has in the thread of humankind?  I'm very proud of you, Tracy.  Look at this...  Anya showed her many places across the universe she will eventually visit and all the alien lives she will impact.  "Tracy, as you can see, you will have a long and fruitful life.  You're one of my best seeds."

Tracy became very emotional.  She hugged Anya "Please don't leave.  You're my mother."  "Oh my goodness, don't cry.  I love you too Tracy."  Anya held her for a moment "Hey... you'll be just fine, my little girl.  Ok?"  Tracy sobbing looked up "That's easy for you to say.  Sometimes it's really hard for me.  I have very strong anger issues.  Finding happiness is difficult."  Anya, who is usually very serious, said "Here, feel this tingle in your heart?  Whenever you're down just wait for a moment and you'll feel my love well up inside of you.  See... a small part of me will always be with you.  And a small part of you will always be with me.  Ok?"  Anya softly kissed her teared cheek "Goodbye, my beautiful blue eyed Southern belle who makes one hell of a killer ice tea."  Tracy's sobbing turned to laughter.  "Thanks mom."  "And by the way, it's ok to get angry.  Just don't let it control you."

Tom walked over to Asya. "Thanks for everything.  I never in my wildest dreams ever thought..."  Asya interrupted him. "Well if you're going to thank me, do it properly."   With one hand she pulled him by the shirt and passionately kissed him.  Tom felt lightening go up and down his body.  A patch of hair on top of his head caught fire.  Asya quickly patted it out.  "I hope this didn't make you feel violated.  Sometimes I get aggressive.  I love this human body.  It's packed with so much feeling."  Tom gasped as smoke left his mouth.  "No.  It's cool.  Men are always ready to kiss a beautiful woman.  You are a woman, aren't you?  Please say yes."  Asya said "I'm very much a woman.  You want another kiss to see?"  "Not necessary, ma'am.  I think you just fried my circuitry with that last one."  Asya held him up.  "Let me see...  Oops.  You're right...  Let's take a look inside of you..."  He was giggling out of control as she was rooting around.  "Stop, that tickles."  "Ok, I fixed it.  You're as healthy as newborn baby, you handsome brute."  "Thanks, ma'am."

Connie and Sophia hugged the Infinitum goodbye.  Connie said "And thanks for making humans.  Can we call you our moms?"  Anya said "Sure, but I'm number one mom."  Asya cut in "Hey, if anybody is number one, it's me."  Ruth said "I almost forgot about how much fun it was to be a human."  Sophia asked "How is that?"  Ruth said "We get to be silly, and serious, and reflective, and pensive, and caring, and experimental..."  Sophia said "Ok, ok...  We get it.  Can I hold your hand so you can show me the future?"  Ruth said "If I did I'd ruin the surprise.  Don't worry, Lupe will show you the future enough to avoid problems.  Just be careful."  "What do you mean?"  "As you already know, being drop dead beautiful will make guys fall all over themselves just to be near you.  Get to know a guy very well before you give him your heart."  Sophia inserted "Or her heart."  Asya said "Or him/her.  Soon many humans will be true hermaphrodites who can fertilize themselves.  So you may fall in love with a her/him."  Sophia said "Interesting, the best of both worlds."  Asya said "Or the worst.  Just be careful.  I can see you falling in love many times.  Enjoy..."

Taze and Tang thanked the Infinitum.  Ruth said "Taze, here is an amulet to take with you.  Same with humans, call us if you're in serious trouble.  This part of the universe is becoming busy with space travelers.  Some may not be so friendly."  Taze said "Thank you for giving us the honor of being part of the greatest moment in our history.  Together with the earthlings we will go out and discover the universe and hopefully make it a better place."  

After everyone thanked each other and the sad goodbyes were made, the Infinitum teleported to other places on earth to kill the remaining Crucible.  Lupe Blinked the group to Tang's home.  They visited for a while then returned to K'akana's home.  Tony was preparing green chicken enchiladas so they all happily decided to stay for lunch.  Over lunch, K'akana explained everything to her husband to be.  He was sad he didn't get to meet the Infinitum.  Lupe said "All three of them were drop dead beautiful.  Right Tom?"  "Yes ma'am.  They're extremely beautiful.  But 700 million years is a little too old for me." 

After a delicious meal, they moved to the living room to let their tummies settle.  Lupe smiled "Papi, you remember at the B&B in DC?  You wanted to let your tummy settle before we went out to play miniature golf?"  "Yes."  "And I patted your tummy and told it to settle down?  And while we were golfing I said I was going to find a soul mate for you?"  She turned to K'akana "Looks like I did a pretty good job, huh Papi."  Tony said "Come here, Mija."  She walked over and sat in his lap and he put his arms around her.  "You'll never be too big to sit in my lap."  As he was hugging her he said "You remember when you were a little girl you'd crawl up in my lap and ask me to sing Cielito Lindo?"  She had her head on his shoulder "Of course, papi.  But this time I'll sing it."  When she finished, they all applauded.  Tracy said "I didn't know you could sing."  Lupe jokingly said "Don't you know all Messkins can sing?  It's in our blood."  "I'm not touching that bigoted remark with a ten foot pole."

K'akana said "Good, let's move on the something else."  Tony and I are thinking about having our wedding on Soyal.   Soyal is the winter solstice ceremony of the pueblo Indians, primarily the Hopi.  It's held on December 21, the shortest day of the year.  It marks the beginning of another cycle of the Wheel of the Year, and is a time for purification.  Lupe asked "Where will the ceremony take place?"  "Here at the house.  And all of you are invited."

They stayed at K'akana's home for the afternoon riding horses and playing with the children.  By six they were bushed and headed back to New York City.  It was nice on the reservation that afternoon.  You can't match the raw beauty of nature in a big city.  

Few more visits in NYC
Wednesday morning, June 19, 2019.  Hanna had everybody up by 7:00.  Today was going to be another busy day.  After a delicious deli breakfast of bagels, lox, and cream cheese, the group headed to the Google offices.  As they were approaching the building, Hanna said to Larry's girls "Are you sure they don't know who you are?"  Connie replied "So far, so good.  Dad wants us to be safe.  Uncle Cletus even gave us these ID cards that say our last name is Chiva."  Hanna said "Isn't that slang for kid in Spanish?"  "Sophia answered "We chose it because it also means very alert and sharp."  Nellie said "It also means you need to look out and be careful."  Connie laughed and said "And if someone exclaims to you 'Ella es como una chiva,' that means 'she's crazy'."  Tracy put her arm around Nellie and said "Cuidado, eres chiva." (Be careful, you're crazy.)  Nellie laughed "Soy un chiiiiva guerrero." (I'm a ca'raaazy warrior.)  

NYC Google management knew Hanna was a Broadway celebrity and very close to Mark so they gave the group the red carpet treatment.  Victor Falcon, the operations manager was there to greet them.

Before their arrival, Lupe had Natasha research the young employee/owners at the New York facility.  She wanted to find a bright girl who for whatever reason hadn't been promoted.  Natasha sent Lupe a resume of a young lady named Haley Mills.  She was twenty-two.  During the four years of working there, she hasn't been promoted.  She has been involved with several ground breaking projects, but listed only in a 'support capacity'.  She is considered a great code cruncher, but not a creative or innovative mind.   Natasha thought it odd considering in high school she had several science projects that went to nationals.  Her last entry won first prize.

After the tour was completed the girls split up.  Hanna, Connie, Sophia, and Hazel went to the marketing section to learn more about internet advertising.  Lupe, Tracy, Molly, Millie, and Nellie went to check out the engineering side.   Mike Goldstein was the young manager showing Lupe's group around.  Lupe asked "Mike, a friend of ours told us to be sure and say hello to Haley Mills.  Is she close by?"  He said sure and led them to her work area.  They entered a large open room with cubicles.  One side of the room had separate offices with window views.  Between those offices and the cubicles was a long open area with very comfortable overstuffed leather sofas and chairs.  

Mike entered Haley's cubicle. "Haley, if you don't mind these people came by to say hello."  Lupe turned to Mike. "Thanks Mike, we'll take it from here."  He said "But I'm here to show you around.  And we can't leave visitors unattended."  Millie touched his arm. "You have some very important business to attend to.  It's ok to leave us here."  Mike looked at Lupe "But it's ok because I need to take care of something and you'll be just fine."  With that he left.

"Hi Haley.  My name is Lupe.  A friend of yours named Natasha wanted us to come by and say hello."  "That's funny.  I don't remember anyone named Natasha."  Lupe looked at Millie.  Millie put her hand on Haley's arm. "You just forgot Natasha from your high school days."  Haley said "Oh yeah, I remember her.  How is she?"  Lupe said "Just fine.  She works at a physics laboratory in California.  She wanted us to see how you were doing.  She heard you were involved in some great ground breaking stuff."  Lupe continued "Let me introduce you to my crew.  This is Tracy and Molly.  They are two of the best microbiologists in the country.  And this is Nellie.  She protects us.  And this is Millie.  She, like yourself, is an extraordinary person with a bright future.  And again my name is Lupe, and I'm a physicist and a whiz at writing code.    

Haley said "I don't understand.  Who are you all?  You're so young to be who you say you are.  And, I'm just a code writer.  Listen I've got a lot of work to do.  Tell Natasha I'm doing fine.  I don't mean to be rude but I'm under a deadline."  Lupe opened her laptop. "Let me show you something.  She connected to her mainframe at White Sands Research Center and downloaded an algorithm.  Lupe said "Check this out.  It's a complete timepiece.  Everything interrelates with each other.  The time zone, the seconds, minutes, hour, day, month, year, the degree of tilt on our axis to the sun, our position in relation to the planets and the sun, and our solar system's position in the Milky Way, and our galaxy's position in the known Universe."  Haley examined it. "That's cool, but anybody can do this."  Lupe smiled, opened it up and showed her the code. "Right, but look at how tight it is.  There's only two hundred lines of code."  Haley took a moment and examined some of the lines.  "This is flawless.  Who's the author?"  Lupe grinned. "You're looking at her.  Would you like a copy?"  "Of course."  "Already done."  "That's impossible, you don't have my passcode."  "Don't need it."  Haley stopped and looked at the girls. "Ok, what's the real reason you came here."  She thought for a moment. "Are you spies?"  Millie was going to touch her again. Lupe stopped her.  "No, we're not spies.  This is why we came to see you, Haley.  You've been working here four years with no recognition for your work.  Where are the promotions?  Haley said "So you came here to make fun of me?"  

Tracy saw Lupe was getting frustrated.  "Let me talk to her."  She turned to Haley. "Bullies make me extremely angry.  Growing up, there was this boy who would try to hurt or embarrass me.  But now I'm older, and there's a different kind of bully.  I call him the user.  He's a person because of his good looks, slick assertiveness, or friends with power who has ensconced himself in a position over other people.  He uses their ideas and hard work to advance himself without giving them any recognition.  And he gets away with it because his bosses are blind to it or simply don't care.  We believe you are being bullied like this."

Haley responded "Are you human resource auditors?  You know there are laws prohibiting child labor.  And why would you care about me?  I'm just a code writer."  Molly said "It is odd for five strangers to be talking to you like this.  But don't worry.  Lupe here hates to see people being taken advantage of.  That's why we came to see you."  "Why me?"  "We did a search of young employees with extraordinary resumes who haven't gone anywhere.  Your name was at the top of the list."  "That's interesting.  I don't think I'm being used.  I have three managers.  They're all women, not men.  And the Big Change was supposed to have ended what you're talking about."  Lupe asked "Do you often have 'idea sessions' in your supervisor's office?  Do you sit at her screen with her login and design flowcharts for future algorithms?  Have you ever been in any meetings with your supervisor's boss present to go over your work?  Does her boss know your name and what you do?"  Haley said "You're making me very nervous.  I'm not a trouble maker.  Sitting with my supervisors going over ideas is my job.  I design schematics and write code.  That's my job.  They take care of the rest.  I don't know all the names of the people in other sections.  Why should their bosses know who I am and what I do?  I'm calling security to escort you out of here."  Millie touched her arm. "Put the phone down.  You don't remember us talking to you about bullies.  You had a pleasant time visiting with us and you're sad we have to leave.  But like you said, you need to get back to work."  

Haley sat the phone down. "I sorry you have to leave so soon.  And I do have to get back to work.  Take care and tell Natasha I said hello.  And thanks for the timepiece."  The crew turned and looked at Millie in amazement.  She said "Let's go."   As they were walking out, Molly said to Lupe "Do you really think you should be infiltrating Uncle Larry's offices like this?"  Lupe smirked. "Uncle Larry delegates responsibilities to people he trusts.  Obviously he doesn't get enough feedback, otherwise problems like Haley wouldn't be happening.  Let me ask you what is more important... decorum or rectifying injustices?"  "But you're making a big deal out of this.  How do you know her bosses are using her?"  Lupe replied "I don't.  That's why I'm sending Natasha to that office as a newbie with a brilliant resume.  She'll have the answer in a week."  Tracy said "That's why we love you, Lupe.  You're devious as hell, and your heart is in the right place."  Lupe made a quick call to Natasha asking her to have next week open for a special assignment.  Then she made a quick call to Larry Page and explained everything.  He gave the green light for Natasha and he thanked Lupe for the help.  He's been very busy these days.  That trip to Denali was the first R&R he and Norma have had in months.

Lupe's group met up with the others in the lobby.  Connie said "It's all too standardized.  Remember 'My Space' a bazillion years ago.  I barely remember my older friends in the neighborhood showed us how they customized their pages.  It was really cool.  But when I got old enough, some idiot singer bought the company and destroyed it.  What a jerk."  Hanna said "I remember My Space.  Even had my own page.  It was lots of fun."  Connie said "See... that's how Google should be.  Every user should have their own customized page.  Same with Facebook.  Why all the standardization?  It really sucks."  Everyone agreed.

As they were leaving the building, Nellie said "I'm hungry.  It's almost noon.  Can we go eat now?"

After lunch they went to CBS television network and talked about the big changes that happened there.  The billionaire Jews who previously owned and managed the media are working in clothing factories just down the street making $120,000 a year.  All their accumulated wealth was taken away.  The People now run the media with an overseer group of two thousand randomly chosen from across the country.  The overseers through local, regional, and national focus groups decide on the programming.  Before the BC most all high paid employees were Jewish, but now there's a good mix.  Only 20% of the media workforce can be Jewish which is fair considering Jews make up only 6% of the total population.

After leaving CBS, on their way back the group was walking in front of a hospital.  Millie stopped, turned around and silently walked inside.  The group followed asking what was wrong.   At the elevator she told everybody to wait for her.  She got in and pushed the third floor button.  Third floor was the pediatric ward.   She walked to room 305.  The room had two beds.  The curtain was drawn around the bed near the window.  A very sick nine year old girl was lying there.  Her father was by her side.  These were the last days of life for the girl who was dying of pneumonia.  Millie walked to the side of the bed opposite her father.  The father asked "Are you one of her friends?"  "My name is Millie.  I met you and your daughter a few months after she was born.  She doesn't want to die yet.  And I agree with her.  It's not her time."   He broke down crying. "I know.  She's only nine.  I love you so much, my baby.  But if it's God's will..." he choked up and he couldn't finish his sentence.  Millie touched the father's hand as he was leaning over his daughter.  She said "Don't cry, Ed.  Let's see what we can do."   Millie reached deep into her mind. "Ruth, this girl mustn't die yet.  The positive roll she'll play in life to benefit humanity is far too important.  Please help me."  In a flash of a moment Millie felt the need to hold her hands against Jessica's chest.  Millie's hands began to emanate a brilliant green light.  She thought "Go and remove all the bacteria and repair the damage."  After a few seconds Jessica's body began to move.  Millie pulled her breathing tube out and looked at Ed.  "The tube is restricting her.  She needs to breathe on her own."  Just then Jessica's eyes opened... "I was in heaven.  It was so beautiful.  A lady was talking to me.  She said everything was going to be ok."

Millie looked up. "Thank you, Ruth."

Jessica said "Daddy.  You look very sad.  What's the matter?"  Millie smiled and quietly walked from behind the curtain and into the hallway.  As she was waiting at the elevator, Mr. Herring ran out to her.  With his arms open he asked "Please may I?"  Millie opened her arms and they hugged.  She vented out all of his residual anxiety and grieving sadness. "God answered my prayers.  How can I repay you?"  Millie said "Don't worry about that.  Just take good care of Jessica.  She's going to play an important role in life.  Now get back in her room so the nurses don't do anything stupid.  And good luck with your new job in Manhattan."  "Thank you."  He kissed her hand and ran back to begin finishing the work of raising his beautiful young daughter.  The elevator door opened on the first floor and Millie stepped out.  "She'll be ok now.  Let's go."  Tracy asked "You want to talk about it?"  "No."  And they kept walking.

By the end of the day the girls were getting burned out.  Fun was turning into drudgery.  They decided to do another day then check it in.  On Thursday, June 20, 2019 they hit the fashion district in the morning.  Then in the afternoon they went to a pharmaceutical company where Jacob Jackson is president.  His business is used as a model for all other drug manufacturers in the US.

Hawaii
The girls were burned out from the hustle and bustle of the big city.  They wanted to cut all ties with civilization and return to the comforts and offerings of Mother Earth.  So on Friday, June 21, 2019 they decided the Hawaiian Islands would be a good place to unwind.  Too time consuming by jet so Lupe Blinked the group to a secluded spot at an abandoned airstrip at one of the tiny far western islands near the French Frigate Shoals where several Blackhawks were waiting.  They Blinked onto some tall cushioning grass just off the landing strip.

The night air was quiet.  Birds were peacefully sleeping.  The cool moist ocean breeze felt good.  While walking through lush foliage Lupe called out to security. "Hey guys, we're over here."  Four sleepy eyed agents came running up.  Delia, the lead said "Hearing twelve people come out of nowhere in the dark is really creepy.  Are all of you ok?"  Cletus stepped forward "We're fine, and thanks for being here so early.  Before we take off I'd like to do a preflight.  Tom, Mike, would you check the other bird please?  Nellie and Millie, would please help me with this one?"  "You bet, Uncle Cletus."  Before preflight Millie made it a point to touch the four security people to ensure they were friendlies.

Tracy said "Wouldn't it be nice if these were real birds we could fly."   Lupe replied "Now you're talking."  Molly suggested "Give us a year and we'll make one."

The choppers cut silently through the air into the darkness just above the trees.  The beach was long and narrow.  The tree line next to the sand was thick with palms and native flowering plants.  Upon landing, Millie was first to step out.  She ran up to where the lazy waves were lapping up on the shore.   She happily removed her flip flops to feel the squish between her toes.  It was her first time on an ocean beach.  She looked up and stood in awe as the sun was slowly rising above the majestic Pacific.

With joy the girls rushed into their swim gear then ran to the ocean like children running to their mother for an embrace.  Beneath the foamy swells the inviting water was clear and warm.  The morning was spent snorkeling where they found treasures of brightly colored sea shells peeking out from the ocean floor.   For lunch, Cletus and the guys barbequed several large red snappers caught that morning.  The snappers went well with Hawaiian asparagus and Spanish rice.  By the middle of the afternoon exhaustion prevailed.  It was late NYC time so they turned in.   Security provided rudimentary wooden bungalows next to the tree line.  Cletus launched several stationary drones as sentries.  One at five thousand feet.  The other at one thousand.  They were designed by Lupe.  She had developed super long lasting ultra-light batteries for the drones.  The units had miniscule 360 degree optic and phased array radar systems.  They weighed only two pounds.  He also placed an anchored buoy a couple thousand feet out to quietly watch below the surface.

The rhythm of the waves rolling in during the night were soothing for the soul.  The only other sounds were soft breezes sprinkled with hooting of the pueo (Hawaiian owls) in the distance.  The temperature at 2am was a blanket grabbing fifty-five degrees.  The only surface activity that night was a merchant ship twenty miles out slowly passing from west to east.  You could hear the echoes of its lonesome billowing horn.  At 3am the underwater sensor detected a submarine about two miles out.  It quietly passed at fifteen knots heading west-southwest. 

Like usual, Lupe was the first to wake up.  Her eyes flashed open at 6am just as the sun was cracking the horizon.  She laid there calmly looking at the thatched roof, then over at the walls made of large bamboo shoots lashed together which allowed delicate slices of morning light to peek through onto her soft warm bed covers.  "Wow this is nice."  She looked at Molly sleeping soundly next to her.  The beauty and serenity of the place drew Lupe back to sleep.  Her eyelids became heavy as she cuddled her comforter.

In the next hut was Millie and Nellie sleeping soundly.  Tom was in the corner on an Army cot making sure they were safe.  The sound of fingernails snapping on the wooden floor gave away the presence of a large lizard near the girl's bed.  As quick as a snake strikes, Tom picked it up and offered him freedom outside.

It was eight in the morning when a yacht designed like a flat bottomed catamaran was seen approaching the island.  Security had already mustered.  Mike flew the low level drone several miles out to investigate.  The boat was cutting through the water at fifteen knots and heading directly toward them.  It looked like fifty happy faces dressed in wild colored Hawaiian shirts.  Looking at the monitor Cletus thought "Oh great...  Tourists."

Lupe woke up, yawned, stretched her arms, stepped out of bed into her flip flops with little bunny faces where her toes go.  Above the sound of waves washing up to the shore and the chatter of guards talking, she faintly heard Hawaiian music.  She peeked through the door.  "My goodness... looks like a yacht full of tourists.  And they're heading straight for us.  What do we do?  Oh my goodness, what do we do?"  Molly mumbled "Go play with them Miss 'What do we do', and leave me alone.  I'm still sleeping."  "You Nahuatl Indians really love your sleep."  "I'm Mexica (Ma shee ka), Nahuatl is the language."  "That's not what I heard. You're Mexica, Rarámuri, Nahuatl, and Aztec all rolled into one."  "Lupe, get lost.  Go play with the natives."  "Ok, chucklehead."  Lupe opened the door.  "Mmm... I smell bacon.  Looks like Uncle Cletus is whipping up some breakfast."  Lupe stepped outside, stretched, and walked over.  "Whatcha doin Uncle Cletus?  The bacon really smells good."  "Hi baby.  See the crazy tourists heading this way?  You want me to scare 'em off?"  "What do the optics and sound sensors tell you?"  "They're harmless."  "Then let 'em come.  The more the merrier."  He asked "How about some eggs and bacon and a slice of ham?"  She had her arm around Cletus as he was talking and flipping eggs in a large frying pan resting on an iron grate over an open fire.  "Grab yourself a plate.  These are for you," as he scooped up two eggs cooked in bacon grease.  She filled her plate and sat down at a folding table.  "Thanks for bringing the tortillas and fresh jalapenos.  (crunch crunch crunch.)  Mmm... The bacon is cooked exactly the way I like it... nice and crispy."

Cletus called Tom and Mike over.  "Mike, please lock the Blackhawks and post a guard in front of each one.  Put up a small perimeter of yellow tape.  Oh, and have some non-lethal deterrents ready in case they get out of hand.  I don't want to anybody getting hurt.  Thanks."  "Yes sir."  "Tom...  please go wake everybody up and let them know we're about to have some company."  "Yes sir."

First out of their huts bounced Nellie and Millie.  "I'm hungry."  "Me too.  Let's hurry and get something to eat before they get here."  "Connie and Sophia were next.  Sophia was curious.  "Tourists.  Wonder if there are any cute guys our age?"  Connie said "I like the ones with Australian accents.  The bacon smells really good.  Let's go eat."

By now Tracy was sitting next to Lupe sipping a tall cup of hot chocolate with her eyes half open. "Are they friendlies?"  "Yes.  But we'll be taking off tomorrow evening for the North Shore."  Tracy mumbled "Let's check them out before we go.  They could be a lot of fun.  We may want to stay."  

The captain brought the yacht in as close as possible.  The waves were kicking up and he didn't want his boat pushed ashore.  The anchor was dropped.  Several dinghies were lowered.  Captain Horatio Alger, was in the first boat.  As he approached "Ahoy ye mates, mind if we come ashore?"  Huge Mike and mind reader Molly were there to greet them. "Sure, come on.  Does your group have any weapons?"  Horatio laughed as he stepped out of the boat. "Goodness no."  He came closer and whispered "But we've got a few beached whales in bikinis that could make a man want to cry."  Mike said "Please make sure everybody passes by us for a weapons check.  Ok?  And please stay away from the helicopters."  "Yes sir.  Are you military taking time off with your families?"  "You could say that."  "We're bringing music, food, and more porta poties if that's ok."  "Sure, go ahead, do your thing.  Just be sure to clean up before you leave."  Horatio commented "We've been to this beach several times and have always left it pristine."  He looked at the huts. "Those hooches are new." 

By this time Lupe was standing munching on a couple extra pieces of bacon with Molly and Mike.  "The hooches were brought in yesterday so we'd have a place to sleep.  Nice, huh?"  "Your family must really love you to go to that trouble."  "My name is Lupe and I assume you're the captain."  "Yes.  Horatio Alger at your service madam."  "So what are the demographics in today's group?"  "Interesting question for such a young girl.  You're about 15 aren't you?"  "Yes.  I'm the leader."  He grinned and said "It can't be a Lord of the Flies reenactment because you have adults with you.  But to answer your question, today I have three groups.  A few older people seeking gentle adventure.  Then I've got parents in their twenties and thirties with rambunctious kids.  Then we have twelve eighteen year old surfers.  Six of each gender."  Lupe said "Three foot waves aren't that much fun.  A front will be brushing by us, but it won't arrive until later.  Are you staying for a few days?"  "We're here for five days of fun and frolic.  You said there's a front coming?  Our weather reports show no significant activity."  Lupe asked "How far away are you from your home base?"  "Two days east."  Mike said "I like your flat bottomed catamaran."  "I chose it so I wouldn't be ripping my hull on jagged reefs."  Lupe said "That's smart."

By now most of the tourists had reached the beach.  Little kids were running around everywhere.  Some were settling in making sand castles.  Some ran over to check out the Blackhawks.  Some were mooching bacon and eggs off Cletus.  It was the kind of controlled anarchy the girls loved.   Six 8 to 10 year olds ran up to Nellie and Millie "You want to play soccer?"  "Sure."  They chose an open area down from the group.  Additional security was called in.  Cletus asked that they also bring plenty of torrential rain gear just in case.

A volleyball net was raised.  Connie, Sophia, Lupe, Tracy, and Molly were the home team playing against some cute eighteen year old surfers.  Beach umbrellas, tables, and chairs were set up with parents comfortably relaxing sipping cold beverages and enjoying the cool salty breeze.   

Two middle aged couples sitting at a table under a giant umbrella were looking at Cletus entertaining a group of kids with some amazing card tricks.  Mable told Ernie "I feel more comfortable knowing I'm safe way out here in the middle of nowhere."  Darrel said "You see who they're guarding?  A bunch of kids."  Ernie said "Horatio told me they were all family."  Darrel responded "See that tall beautiful Mexican girl playing volleyball?  All the adults are taking orders from her.  I heard her tell Horatio she was the boss.  Isn't that odd?"  Maryanne said "I wouldn't worry about it.  Whoever they are, they're here to have fun and relax just like us."

The morning was spent with tons of fun activities, but by three most of the tourists were ready to take a siesta.  Horatio had set up ten large screened nylon awnings with chase lounges for the guests.  The kids were playing cards and dominos, while the adults were lying down.  Some of the girls headed to their huts to catch a few Zs.

Lupe was walking by Cletus. "Catch you on the flipside Tio."  "Lupe..."  "Yes, Uncle?"  I think we have a problem.  This is crazy.  The weather satellite over this part of the Pacific is showing that disturbance west of here has radically increased in size and direction.  It's coming straight at us.  And, it's bad."  "How bad?"  "Seventy mile an hour winds pushing up twenty foot waves and a possible ten foot storm surge.  We need to leave."  "Not yet.  Let me get my crew together to talk about it."   Cletus objected but there was nothing he could do.  Lupe gathered the girls in her hut.  She announced "We have some severe weather coming this way.  Seventy mile an hour winds and very high waves.  Normally we'd Blink out of here but what about the tourists?"  Tracy said "We'll blow our cover if we Blink them out."  Molly said "While flying in I noticed a small caldera.  We could take the people up to that spot and set up camp to weather the storm."  Hanna asked "Will we be risking our lives if we stay?"  Tracy said "Mom and I have been in a hurricane.  If we stay we need to anchor everything down."

Nellie stepped forward. "The real question is will these people die.  No matter what, we can't allow that to happen."  Millie offered "If you Blink us all out, I can make them forget what happened."  Lupe added "If we stay the yacht will be destroyed."  Molly said "That's it.  We can Blink the boat with everybody on it out of the path of the storm.  They can sort of be captives until Millie touches everyone."  Lupe looked around. "Do any of you have a better suggestion?..."  Hanna asked "Have you ever moved an object that large?"  "Almost.  It was a giant land rover with 30 people.  We travelled 2.94 quadrillion miles and it went without a hitch.  The boat is big and heavy but relatively speaking we will only go a short distance.  If it doesn't work, the caldera can be our backup.  Alright then, those in agreement with this plan please raise your hand."  All hands went up.

The girls came outside and advised security.  Cletus was going to wait with the choppers until Lupe successfully Blinked out.  Lupe walked up to Horatio. "Please gather everybody.  We have an emergency."  Horatio asked "What is it?"  Cletus said "Get everybody together, NOW!"  In five minutes the tourists were together.  Lupe stood on a chair. "Ok everybody; we have a gigantic storm that's going to hit us in about six hours.  We checked a few minutes ago.  The winds are 80 miles an hour and waves are twenty feet high.  There will be a storm surge which means the water level may rise as high as ten feet when the disturbance passes.  You can't get away fast enough in your boat.

But it's ok.  Don't panic.  We have a solution."  Darrell shouted "How can we not panic when you're telling us a cyclone is heading our way?"  Lupe responded "Let me show you something.  Look at me.  She touched a few buttons on her wrist device then disappeared.  The people gasped.  "I'm over here."  She was standing away from the group.  Cletus walked her back to the chair.  She stepped up again.  Maryanne asked "Are you the girl who invented Blinking?"   "Yes.  On July 1st of last year you probably saw me talk to you after the memorial and benediction.  Molly, Tracy, Millie... would you please join me.  Lupe stepped down and pulled up three more chairs.  Each girl stepped up.  Lupe continued "Standing next to me is Tracy.  She is the one who can make you strong as a herd of elephants.  And this is Molly.  She can read your minds and talk to your cells.  She is also a microbiologist who works every day with Tracy to find cures for diseases.  We are the three young Pioneers who had their identities hidden.  And today I am proud to introduce to you a new young Pioneer nobody else knows about.  Her name is Millie.  She has extraordinary psychic and telekinetic abilities that she herself doesn't fully comprehend yet."  Millie laughed. "Together we are the X-Girls.  Get it?  X-Men... X-Girls?"  Tracy said "Those kind of jokes aren't funny with an epic storm approaching."  Millie crossed her arms and frowned. "You teenagers are way too serious."

Tracy continued "We're all going to get on that yacht and Lupe will Blink us away from the storm.  Then after we're safely at sea, you can each come by and visit with us.  And we need you to keep this a secret.  Can you do that?  Most were stunned and very quiet.  "It's ok.  It takes time to sink in.  But we don't have time so let's hurry and get out to the yacht.  Ok?"   In an hour everybody and everything was back on board.  Darrell asked "What do we do now?"  Lupe said "Good question.  I want everybody to hold hands.  You must be holding hands or this won't work.  Darrell, I need you to walk around and make sure everybody is holding hands and lying down touching the boat with their legs, arms and feet.  Thanks."  He came back. "They are."  Lupe asked Millie to stand next to her.  Lupe shouted "On the count of three we have to be holding hands.  Millie stopped Lupe. "Some of the kids are going to let go.  They think it's a game.  On one I'll send out a magnetic current so they can't let go." Lupe smiled in relief.  "Ready?  One... two... three... Lupe pushed the button with her nose.  A slight disturbance in the temporal/energy thread was occurring.  Millie felt some of the kids were trying to let go.  She sent out an even stronger magnetic field across all arms and hands.  The kids were screaming because their grip was so tight.  The boat began to shudder and poof they were gone.  The catamaran plopped down off the coast of Tahiti.  Millie immediately sent out a charge that fried all the electronic equipment including cell phones and memory cards.  All except the electrical for the engine.  The girl's phones weren't affected because they are shielded against EMPs.  The young Pioneers made sure to shake everybody's hands before they went ashore.  Millie with her hand shake gave a hypnotic suggestion to each tourist to forget everything as soon as they disembarked the yacht.   It was wonderful.  Horatio thanked the girls as they walked away, then he forgot what he was saying or why he was saying it and why they were docked in Tahiti.  

When Tracy stepped off she said "This may seem strange, but except for Mexico I've never been out of the United States.  This place is like a jungle paradise."  Molly added "I didn't realize there would be so many hotels on the beach."  Nellie said "Look at all the Asian people."  Hanna said "It's a mixture of Polynesian, Asian, and other pacific rim.  We're not that far from Australia either."  Connie said "I love boys with Australian accents."  

Lupe gathered the girls. "Except for Mike and Tom, we're winging it alone.  Just us.  Ain't it nice?"  Tracy answered "So you don't want to Blink back to the States?"  "Heck no.  I want this experience.  Some of my best and worst times were unplanned."  Molly said "Let's make sure this is on the best side."  Lupe said "Ok, everybody.  We need to stick together and disappear.  The people on the yacht have forgotten who we are, but just to be safe I don't want any of them to see us.  So we need a place far away to stay and we need to buy some new clothes."  "Mike, please call and find us a motel or a bed and breakfast way off the beach where the locals live."  "Yes ma'am."  

They walked to a road behind the line of hotels.  It was 5:00pm.  The first shift of the day was getting off.  Locals were coming out of hotels and walking to the bus stops.  A nineteen seventies era bus pulled up with a small sign behind a glass above the driver that said "west downtwn".  A letter was missing like a few windows on the bus.

Tracy sarcastically said "Oh boy, we're in a strange place, getting on a beat up bus, to a downtown that we know absolutely nothing about.  How much better can it get?"  A charmingly handsome young man about 17 appeared behind her as they boarded.  "Hello, are you new to town?"  Tracy turned and melted "Uh... uh... uh..."  "Are you looking for shops where you can get good prices?"  "Uh... uh..."  Lupe broke in "Actually we're looking for a nice motel away from the tourists."  "But you are tourists, aren't you?"  "Yes, but we wanted to see the real Tahiti and mingle with the locals.  Do you know of a good place to stay?"  "If you're looking to save money, my mom has a bungalow next to our home.  It sleeps up to twelve.  It's very basic.  No air conditioning like the hotels, but it has a bathroom with a shower.  The beds aren't soft but mom keeps the place very clean and pest free.  A group was renting it this week but they canceled, so it's available if you like.  My mother was worried about losing a week's rental.  You may be the answer to her prayers."  Lupe said "We'll take it."  "Wouldn't you like to know more about it?  Like how many bedrooms?"  "No.  What we want is to be around good people.  I think your mother is a good woman if you're her son."  He was embarrassed.  "Thank you.  My name is Jeremy Holland.  And I'm sure you will like the accommodations.  We should be there in thirty minutes."  Tracy was getting lost in his hauntingly beautiful blue eyes set against a perfect bronzed body.  His burgundy pullover cotton shirt clung tightly to his chiseled chest down to his six pack.  You could see the muscle tone through his tight fitting jeans.   His wavy sun bleached hair fell to his shoulders.  Tracy was mesmerized.   Lupe looked at her and whispered "Talk to him, stupid.  Can't you tell he likes you?"  She whispered back "Uh..."  Lupe spoke "Jeremy, my name is Lupe and this is my friend Tracy.  This is her first time out of the United States.  Maybe you could show her around after we get settled into your mom's place."  In a rhythmic Polynesian accent "It would be my pleasure, Tracy.  What part of the US are you from?"  She was looking up just staring at him.  Lupe whopped her one on the leg.  "Ouch!"  She looked at his forehead just above his gaze so she wouldn't be hypnotized by his dreamy eyes.  "I'm from Georgia.  Tahiti is very beautiful, nothing like where I'm from."  He said "Your voice is very charming, almost like a melody."  Lupe pushed the side of her leg.  Tracy responded "Thanks.  And your eyes are like pools of luminescent blue algae."  Lupe pushed her again. "Dammit Lupe, I'm going to drop you if you don't stop!"  That broke the spell.  "My friend likes to torment me.  And, sure I'd love to check out the area with you."  Jeremy laughed "A beautiful girl with a fiery temper."  She replied "I used to have serious anger issues."  He laughed.

Lupe gave Jeremy specifics about the group then he called his mother to give her the good news.  "Yes, mom, there's eleven.  Nine females and two males.  Most of the females are teens.  They should be no problem.  The males are muscular guys in their early twenties.  You will like them.  And there's a girl about fifteen who is a cute blue eyed blonde from Georgia.  She's very nice.  I think we are going to be friends.  Will you have everything ready when we get there?  Great.  Talk to you later, mom.  Bye."  Tracy thought that was an odd conversation.

Lupe walked to the back of the bus and told Mike they found a place.  After they secure their digs, next up was shopping for new clothes.  Lupe's phone rang. "Uncle Cletus... We're just fine.  Yes, I'm in Tahiti.  Can you see my location on your phone?  Don't worry.  There's this very nice young man we just met who is taking care of us...  We'll see you when you get here.  Take your time.  We're staying for about five days.  Yes, Uncle Cletus... Oodles of fun.  We're planning on it.  Oh, and please fly the 8x over here.  Bye."  Lupe walked back to the front and took her seat across the aisle from Tracy.  "I just talked to Cletus.  Told him we'd be staying here a while."  "Did they get off the island ok?"  "They're flying across the big island right now.  He's going to fly the 8x south to get away before the squall hits.  Then he'll come over to where we are.  It should take a while."  "Good.  It's gets old having so much 'you know what' all around us."  Cletus called Mike and Tom and told them not to let the girls out of their sight.  "I'm having a bad feeling about this little excursion of theirs."  "We will sir."

Millie walked to the front of the bus where Lupe, Tracy, and Jeremy were sitting.  "Is it going to be much longer, Lupe?  I'm getting tired of this bumpy smelly old bus.  I'm sitting next to a woman with a chicken that keeps pecking at me."  "We'll be there soon.  This is Jeremy; we'll be staying at his mom's house."  Millie shook his hand for a long time up and down, up and down like she was playing.  She smiled. "Nice to meet you, Jeremy."  She stepped across the aisle and whispered in Lupe's ear "He's planning to rob us with six of his buddies.  They have knives.  Two have guns.  He thinks Tracy is really cute, so he's planning to kidnap and sell her to the Eastern European Mafia.  They have a van waiting for her."   Lupe smiled. "No you can't sit with me.  Go back and sit with Nellie and tell her your fun story."  Millie gave Lupe a tiny zap in the ribs with her finger "Bizzzt."  "Hey!  Cut that out!"  Millie giggled and ran to the back where the others were sitting.  "What am I going to do with that girl?  She's so mischievous."  

Millie relayed the story to everybody.  Molly walked to the very back of the bus where Tom and Mike were sitting.  She told them to follow Lupe's lead and not to blow it because she may want to take these guys down in such a way that they won't hurt or kidnap any other tourists in the future.  "As your commander, I'm giving you a direct order.  Tom, Mike... Is that understood?"  "Yes ma'am."  Molly smiled, went back and sat down.  Tom said "Damn, the last few weeks with these girls have been nonstop.  It's like trouble follows them everywhere."  Mike said "Beats laying on an army cot waiting for a call."  "That's true."

The group got off the bus in a seedy part of town.  They call it the west side.  It's a tight cluster of old two story buildings with dark narrow alleys.  They saw several thugs hanging out on a street corner.  A few old junkers playing gangsta music were slowly rolling by.  Paint was peeling off the buildings and the sidewalks were filthy.  Hazel decided to stay near the two Navy Seals at the back.  Jeremy said "It's right this way." as he pointed down a dark narrow alley.  "Mom has one of the best homes around."  Molly and Millie could feel the stares from cracked doors and split window blinds.  A barefoot boy ran outside, quickly grabbed his black cat then disappeared.  Lupe said "Wow, it's quiet here.  How much farther do we have to go?  Two blocks and we're there.  You'll love it."  Lupe was walking next to Tracy.  She raised her hand and gave the military signal for danger and to stay loose and not give anything away.  Tracy said "Really?  Dammit, that's disappointing."  Lupe smiled and shrugged her shoulders as if to say "That's the way it goes."  After two blocks Tracy asked Jeremy "Aren't we almost there yet?"  As the alley widened into a narrow street, Jeremy turned and said "Well everybody, we're here."  Out of the shadows stepped six large men.  Two of them with Uzis.  A van door opened next to Tracy.  Two bearded men who looked eastern European stepped out and grabbed her.

Tracy smiled "Now we're talking.  I love stress relievers like this.  Ok now, Lupe?"  "Yes, Tracy.  But please don't kill them."  One of the guys from the van wearing a black leather jacket spoke in a hard Romanian accent.  "What?  You think this little girl could kill us?  What a joke."  Tracy jerked his hands off her.  She turned and punched his nose into his face then popped his eyeballs out.  "He's not going anywhere."  Faster than one could see, she threw the other guy into the side of the van so hard it made the vehicle skip several feet.  "Oops, may have killed that one."  The two guys with machine guns were next.  Faster than their vision could follow, she came up and coldcocked them, then bent the Uzis around their wrists.  The other bad boys started to run away. Tracy instantly chased them down and knocked them out.  She dragged them all into a big pile in the middle of the street.  She didn't touch Jeremy.  Instead she decided to question him.  She sat him down on some steps and asked "Is Jeremy your real name?"  He screamed "WHO ARE YOU!"  "Well can't you see, honey?  I'm your worst nightmare.  What is your real name and where do you live?  Molly, please come here.  I need your help."  Molly came up.  Tracy said "Hold him.  Don't let him move."  She walked over to the van and picked it up over her head and slammed it down as hard as she could next to Jeremy.  It completely collapsed from the blow and the asphalt underneath was in shreds.  "Damn, that felt good.  Now... Jeremy, what is your real name and where do you live..."  The young man quickly told her everything including the kidnappers' names and addresses.  Millie and Molly verified everything he said was true.  Connie suggested they line all the bad boys up on the ground holding hands then Blink everybody to White Sands Research Center for further questioning.  Lupe said "You have a good point.  With this kind of scum walking around, the police in Tahiti are probably corrupt.  Let's get out of here.  After a few moments the locals peeking through their windows and doors saw the group disappear into thin air.

Security came running to the landing pad room.  Lupe said "Gentlemen, please take these PsOS to the hospital ward.  One is dead but Tracy said we might be able to bring him back to life.  Work on him quickly before there's any brain damage.  I want to know everything about this scum and their slave trade business.  Mike will explain.  Thank you."   

Hanna suggested "How about we get something to eat and talk about what we're going to do next."  Sophia responded "Good idea."  Hanna said "You know what... You guys lead dangerous lives.  Maybe we should tone it down a little."  Lupe said "I'm with you.  Let's go to Valhalla and talk about it."

It was 6:00pm Tahiti time which meant it was midnight in Las Cruces.  Late night chow was being served.   Maurice was home dreaming about his favorite soufflé.   His souse chef Armand was running the night shift.  The girls walked in all grouchy wearing beach tops, short shorts, and pink flip flops.  They pushed several tables together and sat down.  Madison, one of Lupe's assistants walked up.  "Hey guys I thought you were in Hawaii soaking up some rays."  Lupe grabbed a chair and scooted it between her and Tracy.  "Please come here and sit down.  I want to feel a normal person who has had a normal day at a peaceful place."  Madison sat down and said "Uh, sure."  Lupe hugged her right arm and Tracy hugged her left. "Are you guys ok?"  Lupe said "Madison, people like you and this facility are our island of tranquility amidst the raging seas of life."  Millie sitting across from Madison said "It's ok, they're just being drama queens.  A few days of danger and they want to run home and crybaby on everybody's shoulder."  Tracy said "There's a lot to be said about peace and tranquility, Millie."  Millie said "This last week has been the greatest.  Sometimes poop just happens and we have to deal with it.  And you guys know how to make it fun.  It was very entertaining watching you, Tracy.  You're a riot."  Madison looked at the grouchy faces. "I don't want to know about it.  Tonight they're serving surf and turf, and I was just about to get some.  Come on, let's get in line.  There's fresh lobster and filet mignon."  

Hazel and Hanna got the surf and turf.  Millie and Nellie got pizza.  The rest went for ground sirloin cheeseburgers and curly fries.  "It's been too long since I've had real pizza.  Millie, can you heat these slices a tad more for me.  I like my pizza piping hot."  "Sure."  She held her hand over the slices until they started sizzling.  "Is this enough?"  "Perfect."  Nellie said to the group "Millie and I wanna do some biking and skateboarding.  Is there a place in Hawaii where we can do that?"  Tracy said "I'm sure the big island has that.  But for me, I'd just like to lay out by the pool with a big floppy hat and some Raybans.  I want a pool boy to bring me a cold glass of ice tea and a big welcoming smile.  Anybody else?"  Molly said "I want the same and I like those overhead spray misters.   A couple romantic comedies on my ipad would be nice."  Hazel said "I hear the hotels have some great spas."  Hanna said "They have several Navy bases.  Maybe I could find me a sailor or two."  Lupe giggled "I'm sure you didn't mean it the way it came out."  "I meant maybe I can interview a few sailors."  Lupe said "I don't care what I do as long as it's absolutely nothing."  Connie said "Me and Sophia want to go surfing."  Madison said "Good.  Go... You guys need to relax.  You all look frazzled."

Hanna said "Ok, it's decided.  We're going to the Big Island.  We'll get some very nice suites in the best hotel on the north beach.  How does that sound."  Lupe shouted "Let do it!"  Tom was sitting at an adjacent table.  A moment later he got off the phone "Ladies, you've now got three penthouse suites at the Hawaii Golden Marriott on the North Shore.  We've got security at a secluded area on a landing strip waiting for you to Blink over.  Lupe smiled "Nellie said you were the best of the best, Tom.  The way you handled the Crucible and now instantly getting us a room... You are the best.  Tom, we should be Blinking out in a half an hour.  Make sure to have Mike and yourself with us.  And take some backpacks with emergency tools and weapons."  "Yes ma'am."  He jumped up and left taking his BLT sandwich and cold chocolate milk with him.  

The group arrived at the Hotel in time to watch a little TV and then go to bed.  On the morning of Saturday, June 22, 2019 each woke up when they wanted.  No rush.  By 11:00am they were out doing their own thing.  Some were surfing and some were just lying out.  Hazel was getting a dreamy massage.  Nellie and Millie found a rad skateboarding place with big concrete parabolas, long runs, ramps, steps, and railings.

Tony, Silvia, Ima, Norma, and Larry had been checking on their kids every day.  They were relieved to see they finally settled down and found that happy place.

Two days later, Hanna packed up and flew back to the mainland for several months of video editing.  The rest stayed a few more relaxing days before they flew to Washington, DC for the second July 1st memorial and benediction.

Before the Memorial ceremony
It was the morning of June 30, 2019.  There's a four hundred acre wooded park on the outskirts of DC set up for camping.  It's reasonably close to the People's Monument and Museum.  The property has several hundred small buildings containing showers and latrines.  Electric hookups are everywhere.  People have been sleeping in pickups, vans, tents, and RVs.  For those who don't enjoy camping, there are ten hotels adjacent to the camp ground.  Total hotel occupancy is twenty thousand.  Next to the hotels is a massive parking lot that holds over forty thousand cars.  For safety reasons, all those attending the memorial tomorrow must leave their vehicles on the property.

Tomorrow buses will start arriving at 5:00am to take the pilgrims to the museum.  Last month they held a lottery to select the lucky people who would get to sit inside the amusement park.  Like last year, the parking lot has big screen TVs everywhere.  There are hundreds of huge tents with refrigerated air, thousands of porta poties, food and beverage vendors, water misters, and a zillion chairs.  This year the ground level glass sides of the amusement park have been removed to enable people outside to see in where the memorial and benediction service will be held.

Norma, Larry and the rest of the gang were staying at the same Bed and Breakfast as last year.  Jack M. Ratesup is the manager.  He used to be a vice president for United Health Care.  The transition to running the B&B was hard at first but he and his family love it now.  This year they expanded the buildings and put in a few more water rides.  The gang arrived a few days beforehand to relax.  Coming back was especially poignant for Connie, Sophia, Nellie, and Lupe because out there at that pool resting on some air cushions is where it all began.  The day they arrived the first thing they did was change into their swimsuits and went out to the pool. They grabbed some air mattresses and placed them exactly where they were two years ago.  Bobbing on the water next to each other they sentimentally reflected on everything that's happened since.  Soon after, they were joined by Summer, Tracy, Molly, Millie, Bannister, and Natasha.  Like in Hawaii, they floated out on the water doing absolutely nothing and enjoyed every second of it.

As you know, Millie is one of the five new Young Pioneers.  Let's introduce the other four.  They are Beverly, Hope, Brooklyn, and Mallory.  They and their families are also staying at the B&B.  The original Young Pioneers were involved in the selection process so they already knew the newbies.  During the third week of June the four were moved with their families to Las Cruces where they are receiving protection and will be given full run of the White Sands research facility starting in September.  They are fourteen and will be attending Las Cruces High School in the fall as freshmen.  

To protect the kids, the People purchased 760 acres of irrigated desert near Las Cruces.  As the crow flies it's straight north across I-10 from where Lupe lives.  Four beautiful homes and a landing strip with two hangars have just been completed.  Their acreage is receiving water from the west coast desalinization plants.  The property has grape vines, fruit, olive, and almond trees as well as pasture land.

The elevator opened and four girls in their swimsuits stepped out into the lobby and headed to the waterpark.  Beverly complimented Brooklyn. "Hey, your fingernail and toenail polish match your bikini."  Brooklyn said "And my eyes too.  See."  She put her hands up to her eyes.  Bev said "Seeing your big green eyes makes me wonder about pee in the pool."  Hope laughed. "You're the environmental cleanup guru.  You should create a method to extract the urine."  Mallory said "Hey Bev, tell me if my skin turns yellow after an hour.  Then we'll know for sure it's all peed up."  Bev replied "Actually, you can tell there's pee if your eyes get bloodshot."  Brooklyn said "I've heard if the water's green, that means there's pee."  Bev said "Well in most parts of the world, the ocean is green. But that's primarily because of algae."  Brooklyn began chanting "Pee in the pool, pee in the pool, look out everybody, there's pee in the pool."  She paused and said "Better yet, peeps and dudes, peeps and dudes.  Look out everybody, that's not a Baby Ruth bar."  "Don't be stupid, Brook."

The four walked up to the other girls lying out on the water.  Lupe said "Hey. Wassup?  You done the slides yet?"  Bev replied "On our way.  Catch you later."  As the girls continued to the other end of the park Molly said "When you're finished come back and see us."  Brooklyn said "Catch ya on the flip."  Hope said "BBL, dudes."  Mallory said "Deuces."  Bev glanced across the pool. "Look, there's the Musk boys.  Aren't they dreamy."   Brooklyn said "A little stuck up if you ask me."  Hope said "Start laughing out loud.  Maybe they'll look our way."  Bev blurted "Good grief, let's go sliding."

The newbies had a great time on the slides.  But after a couple hours they were totally spent and decided to catch a few rays with the others.  When they got to the other end, Lupe and the gang were under an awning sipping ice tea.  Tracy asked "Bev, want some sweet lemon ice tea?  Made it myself."  "Sure.  I'm really parched.  This sliding stuff is tiring."  They sat down while Tracy was pouring four glasses.  "Here you go."  Hope took a sip "Wow Tracy, this is good."  Tracy asked "So ya'll transitioning ok?"  Bev replied "We are, but our parents are having a tough time."  Mallory said "My dad misses Pavones."  Tracy said "Oh yeah, you lived in Costa Rica.  Did you surf down there?"  "That's all we did."  Brooklyn said "I grew up on the streets of Bushwick in Brooklyn.  I already miss it.  But they told me I could go back and visit any time."  Millie asked "And that's how you got the name Brooklyn?"  "Of course."  Hope said "I'm from the Aleutian Islands.  We call ourselves Aleuts which means community.  We're very tightknit.  We have to be to survive the harsh climate."  Molly said "I knew you were from Alaska, but didn't remember where."  Lupe inserted "You didn't remember?  That's a first!"  Hope said "It was difficult leaving my community, but the weather in the lower 48 is really nice.  Las Cruces is hot, but the  humidity is low so it's better than living in places like Georgia."  Tracy said "You got that right.  In the summer you go outside and your clothes immediately become drenched from the inside out.  It's crazy.  The humidity is high because it rains all the time.  Great for kudzu, but that's about it."  Lupe looked at Beverly. "And, you're from Cali."  Bev replied "I grew up on Catalina Island.  My dad takes people out on fishing excursions for a week at a time.  In the summer he does two weeks."  Molly said "I read that's how you got into cleaning up the oceans."  "Yeah, when I was ten I started going out with him.  By then I could swim like a fish so he wasn't too concerned about my safety.  But it took an act of Congress for mom to let me go."  Lupe laughed "Old clichés never die.  We don't have a Congress anymore."  Bev replied "Anyway out in the Pacific we saw huge areas of floating trash just massed together.  It kills lots of sea life.  They get tangled up in it."  Tracy said "I like your comprehensive approach.  You don't attack just one problem.  And it's well thought out."  Bev said "Thanks."  Molly said "I didn't realize most of the trash out on the ocean can actually be recycled."  Bev said "As I mentioned to you guys during the interviews, I had to get with some engineers in labs to help me find the easiest way to do it.  We grind it up, clean it, then magnetically and chemically separate it into categories.  And now I've figured out how to make clear cellulose bottles to replace the plastic ones.  We have to eliminate the types of plastic garbage that's not biodegradable."  Lupe said "I was really impressed with the schematics for the facility that will run a hundred billion gallons of ocean water a day through various filters next to our desalination plants and then recycling much of the impurities captured."  Bev said "God, just thinking about all the hard work to finish the planning stages gives me a headache."  Millie said "Ok, this isn't the time to talk shop.  There's more important things like wondering what's good to eat here."  Nellie yelled "Pizza!"  Millie said "I like mine with anchovies."  Nellie said "Yuk!  How can you eat that stuff!"  "I like it because it's salty.  I like salt because the electrolyte level in my blood has to be higher than you earthlings."  "What, so you can shoot lightning bolts?"  "You've seen me."  Bev said "I haven't seen you."  Lupe whispered "Some guests don't have a top security clearance.  Speak softly so we can keep who we are private.  Ok?"

Norma and Larry with Tony and K'akana were walking up holding hands.   Tony winked at his daughter and said "Mijita (My little daughter), quieres algo para comer (would you like something to eat)? The concierge told me they have very good food here. He said the hamburgers are delicious. They're made from ground sirloin from pesticide free, hormone free, grass fed Limousin beef from an environment friendly farm in Pennsylvania."  Lupe's eyes lit up.  She said "Sure, papi. This is Connie, can she come and eat some hamburgers with us?"  She winked at Connie. "Are you hungry, Connie?"  Connie smiled and looked at her sisters and asked "Sophia, Nellie, are you hungry?" They laughed and yelled out "Of course we are.  Are we going to McDonalds?" Connie responded "No, it's something better."

Lupe smiled at the sisters and her dad. "Two years ago and you still remember what you said that day."  Connie said "Well hell yes.  This is how our lifelong friendship began."  Nellie said "And that day I learned what great food tasted like.  Now I'm getting hungry for cheese burgers and fries with that special ranch sauce."  Norma said "Well let's do it.  Let's all meet at the front of the restaurant in forty minutes."  Norma told the new young Pioneers. "You too girls.  Let's get moving."  She noticed Bev was staring across the pool.  Norma bent down and whispered "Beverly, the Musk boys will be joining us."  Bev jumped up. "Don't have to ask me twice.  Let's go."   

At 12:45 everybody gathered outside the restaurant.  It was Larry, Norma, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Tony, K'akana, Summer, Lupe, Millie, Millie's mom Ima, Natasha, Mark, Hanna, Sergey, Elon, Talulah, Xavier, Griffin, Damian, Saxon, and Kai.  There was also Tracy and her parents, Molly and her mom, Bannister and her dad.  Molly's mom and Bannister's dad have been very friendly lately and their daughters love it.  Laurie, Travis, Bubba, and Austin couldn't make it this year because Bubba and his son are in the middle of installing the water systems on their properties.  Laurie and her son are with them to help out.  Jacob Jackson and his mom were arriving later that evening.  And of course Beverly, Hope, Brooklyn, and Mallory including their families were also with the group.  As they entered, Norma said to the hostess, "Reservation for a whole bunch of wonderful people under Norma Page Corona."  She said of course Ms. Corona, please follow me.  The hostess took them to a large private room.  After they were seated she recited the day's specials and said everything they serve at the restaurant is fresh, delicious, healthy and wholesome.  As the hostess left, their waitress Tobi came running in and hugged Norma.  Toby looked at the group and said "It's is a real honor to take care of you guys today.  Mary was going to, but I changed her mind."  Tony smiled "Kind of like you convinced me to take you along to Kepler?"  Tobi responded "I think it was more like you convinced me.  So what can I get you guys to drink?"

After Tobi left, Bev asked Tracy sitting next to her "That waitress went to Kepler 186f with you?  Why a waitress?"  "Tobi demonstrated the highest level of exceptional courage and valor against impossible odds in time of war.  She is a recipient of the United States Medal of Honor for her selfless acts of saving most of her unit in Afghanistan."  Bev's eyes got very big.  "Really?"  Tracy said "She's a nice lady but, kind of like me, don't ever get her upset or all hell will break loose.  That's why Uncle Tony made her part of our security team last March."  "I didn't know Mr. Solis was your uncle."  "He's not.  He's my uncle because I chose him to be my uncle."  Bev said "Do I have to be crazy to be part of this group?  Because if I do I wanna go back home."  Tracy started laughing and put her arm around her. "You don't have to but it helps."  She saw Beverly was honestly getting uncomfortable.  "Beverly, it's a Mexican tradition.  Last year I was confused about it too.  See, we don't call everybody uncle, only those that we believe deserve the honor of being called our uncle.  It's part of the culture and I like it.  Don't you have some relatives that are real losers and some friends back home whose parents you wished you were related to?  In the Mexican culture, if they are close friends of the family and you respect them, then it's up to you if you want to call them your uncle or aunt.  And the person you call your uncle takes it as the highest compliment you could ever give them."  Bev looked at Tracy "Mexican?  Isn't this the United States?"  Tracy frowned. "Actually Mexican isn't correct.  It's really an ancient Native American custom that was adopted by some Mexicans who are in point of fact mostly Indian by blood.  So if I want to correctly say it... It's an ancient indigenous North American tradition that existed way before our ancestors came here, and before any political boundaries were established.  How's that?"  Beverly said "Are you sure you're not crazy?"  "Yes, I'm sure.  But most everybody sitting at this table are divergents.  And I'm sure you know what that means.  We are the ones who view the world in a questioning manner and critically think of ways to improve it."  "That's true."  Tracy continued "Lupe jokingly says there's a fine line between genius and insanity...  so for the fun of it, she uses that line as a jump rope."  "OMG, now you're getting dark again."  "The key to working with us is to be light hearted.  We can't take everything seriously or we'll implode.  You get what I'm saying?"  Bev said "Just give me some time and I'll understand."  Tracy said "I voted for you and the others because you're not only brilliant but because I saw leadership qualities in you.  And I saw you guys have a moral compass, which to me is more important than anything."  Bev said "I'm sorry Tracy, this is all happening really fast."  "Don't worry about it.  At this point just sit back, relax and take it all in.  If you mess up with anything, we won't make a big deal out of it.  There's no pressure.  In fact most of the time each of us are encouraging the others to tone down the self-imposed pressure to achieve.  We keep our working hours down.  We joke around all the time.  We dress crazy at work.  And we find new and different fun things to do.  We have crazy office parties.  We take days off where all the employees paint anything they want on the hallway walls.  We have tricycle races and scavenger hunts.  You name it, we've done it.  It's all to keep us happy.  After you've been with us for a while you'll probably become the biggest jokester around.  And by the way, you figuring out how to neutralize nuclear contamination is mind blowing.  It's an honor to have you on our team."  "Thanks, Tracy."

Summer sitting next to Mallory remarked "You know what you did was really amazing."  "What do you mean?"  "You got this idea in your head to enable people to live in the ocean.  So you set out to solve each and every challenge that prevented it."  Mallory replied "My dad took me to Cozumel when I was three and a half.  We went out in a tiny submarine with glass sides.  The water was crystal blue.  I can still see it in my mind.  It was a beautiful new world.  A world I wanted to be part of.  My dad was wealthy enough to take off work and we'd spend summers in the tropics.  And when I was old enough I became certified to scuba dive.  That's when I really had fun.  And finally Dad moved us to Pavones.  It's beautiful down there."  Summer said "I noticed in your file that your dad raised you and there was no mention of a mother..."  Summer saw sadness in her eyes. "I'm sorry, it's none of my business.  Ignore what I just said."  "No, it's ok.  I don't mind talking about it.  See dad was born into a wealthy family.  He got married when he was eighteen.  When he was twenty three his family went bankrupt.  Then his wife dumped him like yesterday's garbage."  Summer said "I'm sorry."  Mallory said "I'm not.  I heard she was a real bitch.  Her name is Cecilia.  I'd never want her as my mother.  What happened is his friends helped him back on his feet and in two years he was wealthy again."  "It's good to have friends who care about you."  "That's true I guess.  Dad wanted to have children but he didn't want to be married again.  He searched around and found an egg repository."  "You mean a place where human eggs are kept frozen?"  "That's right.  Dad found the perfect match for him.  The woman lived all her life helping other people.  She was a genius and a saint.  She tragically died in a car accident when she was young and made sure all her body parts were donated.  To help this repository, dad donated a million dollars and paid one of the administrators of the nonprofit to carry me in her belly until I was born."  "Your dad in a sense created a designer baby.  Wow, two of the five of you are products of thoughtful design.  Interesting."  Mallory continued "Yeah, this week they told me a little about Millie."

"Dad tells me I've kept him young all these years.  I'm fourteen and he's forty-one now, but he still runs every day and makes sure I'm in shape so I can keep up with him."  "You really love your dad, don't you."  "More than anything.  I wouldn't be me if it wasn't for him."  Summer said "You know when you're happy it clears your mind.  It allows you to focus on doing good stuff.  So what are you hungry for?"  "This fresh mackerel looks really good."  "For some reason I thought you'd be a vegan."  "Heck no, I love fish.  A nice flounder in lemon sauce is to die for.  Why would I want to eat veggies when there's fresh fish?"  Summer laughed. "I guess."  

Further down the table were Lupe and Brooklyn.  Lupe said "You actually found the answer to safely use radioactive materials to create electricity."  Brooklyn said "It was kind of obvious.  We all know how a laser works.  All I did was apply the same principles to bring naturally flowing high intensity radioactive waves into order and amplify and concentrate them together to boil liquid.  Steam powers turbines to create electricity.  Easy peasy."  Lupe laughed "I like your attitude.  What do you want to do next?"  Brooklyn sat back and said "I've just completed something else but haven't published it yet."  "Ok..."  "It's a heavy frictionless perpetual moving wheel using permanent magnets.  See I figured out a way to shield the gauss force at the critical point where the magnets are passing each other.  You have attraction up to the point of almost making constructive contact then the force is shielded for that moment when the magnets pass each other, then the repelling force comes into play.  I've created small magnets of a certain shape that have a 10,000 gauss force.  Place some on a stationary circle and some on a moving wheel that almost touches the stationary wheel.  Start the spinning and it takes forever to stop.  And I've been thinking about applying this idea to multiple gyroscopes moving within each other but on different planes of rotation."  Lupe said "That sounds cool.  And your other inventions are very interesting too."  Brooklyn said "Most all appliances require high voltage and amperes.  That's just totally ridonkulous.  It's like we're still living in 1969.   It's 2019 now.  Fifty years later.  You'd think someone would have come up with low energy appliances.  I've researched new innovations in tiny electric motors and other things.  I applied our new technology to refrigerators, washing machines, dryers, and even lights.  Everything is open source now.  I just organized and did it."   Lupe said "Sometimes the most obvious is what people always ignore.  So what are you going to eat?"  "I've never had anything with truffles."  Lupe said "See here on the menu... porcini mushrooms and black truffle pasta.  I like this one the best.  But I also like these scallops with truffle butter."  Brooklyn said "I love scallops, so I'll give those a try."

Lupe said "At White Sands I brought in some of the best cooks from all over the world.  Our head chef Maurice will gladly tell you he is the best.  And most of the time I have to agree.  It was the first thing I did because a winning army runs on its stomach."  Brooklyn asked "You had the power to do that?"  "It's not power, it's common sense.  We even renamed our lunch room Valhalla because every time you walk in it smells like heaven."  Brook looked up Valhalla on her cell. "So you think of yourselves as Norse Vikings?  That's funny."   Lupe put her arm around Brooklyn.  "Didn't we tell you you're now one of the modern day Vikings?  We go on rampages destroying stupidity and ignorance.  Instead of heavy flat swords we use these light sabers to cut the heads off our adversaries who we call decepticons."  Lupe pulled a small flat flashlight looking device out of her back pocket and flipped it on.  Out came a thick green beam of humming laser light approximately six feet long.  Tony sitting across from Lupe said "Mija, not at the dinner table.  Put it away."  "Sorry Papi.  I was showing Brooklyn."   "More like showing off your new toy because nobody else has ever been able to mimic the old Star Wars lightsaber until you made one."  K'akana winked at Tony. "You must always praise your children's accomplishments Tony, even if she did almost lop Brooklyn's head off."  She smiled at Lupe as she quickly put the plasma meat cleaver away.  

Molly and Hope were sitting at the other end of the table.  Hope said "They tell me you are Mexica (Me shee ka)."  "Yes I am."  Hope responded "I've researched the Nahuatl language and discovered many of your words are similar to ours."  "That's because we're the same people.  Summer is Zia and many Keres words are also the same as Nahuatl.  Same with the Apache language.   Tens of thousands of years ago my group couldn't take the cold so we headed south."  Hope said "I know what you mean.  It gets way too cold in my village during the winter.  And the dark months get old fast."  "Is that why you did the night vision thing?"  "I hate to say it, but that old movie Predator is my favorite."  Molly said "Just because you're a girl doesn't mean you have to be embarrassed about liking a kickass movie.  You don't have to be a girly girl.  And it doesn't mean you're a lesbian either."  "Yeah, I know.  Anyway, I was impressed with the alien's intricate method of seeing and then identifying its prey.  So I said what the heck, if a movie writer can imagine it, I can do it.  But what I did was way more." "What you did was incredible."  Hope said "Some of it I just stumbled across as I was researching and developing my night vision device."  "So how did you go from making high definition full color night vision to curing blindness?"  Hope said "I started from the vision receptors and I slowly worked back to the point where our brain visualizes the image.  You wouldn't believe how complicated it is.  It took me three months to do all the mapping.  And that's with the help of other's past experiments and findings.  With everything open source now, the amount of information available is incredible."  Molly said "What's incredible is you didn't just have one fix like a visual device with leads plugging into a spot in the brain.  You are able to trace the nerve flow and find the break or the problem in the brain that prevents eventual visualization."  Hope responded "You know I took the results of your work with neurons and brain mapping and ran with it.  And using Skype to do experiments in labs in Virginia and California was great.  I had a handful of university students who believed in me and per my instructions they carried out the experiments.  So now a blind person can put on a pair of my special contacts and see everything even better than a sighted person.   Plus I threw in thermal imaging and distance measurement.  I even widened the field of vision.  And, at the user's option they can immediately obtain biographical information about people and places they're looking at and have it displayed."  Molly said "Yes I know.  I was one of first ones to review your file."

Molly said "But there's something else that you haven't told anybody."  "You're reading my mind, aren't you?  You know that's like the old NSA violating our 4th amendment rights."  Molly said "I do it to everybody for security reasons.  We have to be able to trust our inner circle.  I have to know if you're a good person.  That's all."  Hope said "I've held back the other information because I'm not sure if it's true."  Molly replied "Understanding how the brain "sees" images is phenomenal."  "Yes, but it's so creepy that I'm not sure it's true."  "You've tested it multiple times.  Right?"  Hope looked straight into Molly's eyes. "But what I found is similar to another life form, like a spirit or a mass of energy residing outside the neurons but still in the brain."  Molly smiled at Hope. "It's the energy life form.  Our consciousness is only a component. As you know we can stimulate a part of the brain to turn off our consciousness."  Hope inserted "That would be the claustrum."  "Right. But the brain still functions like shutting off the claustrum was only a minor event.  I believe the mind is way more complicated than our outward realization of this perceived reality our senses tell us we are in. There are many levels of realization and cognition.  That energy residing throughout our brain and body is the magic that brings it all together.  We're both on the same path to this discovery.  Lupe has even formulated a new type of math I use to describe and define its energy structure.  Elon often says Lupe is Archimedes who came back to finish his work.  But, I'd like to think it was Lupe who went back in time to inspire Archimedes.  Anyway, something amazing happened last month that supports our findings.   I met a creature named Ruth.  She's 700 million years old.  And she must have come from a species that existed for eons.  Maybe before this universe even existed.   She took the form of a human.  But if she wanted, she could have been pure organized energy."  Hope said "You're kidding, right?"  Molly laughed. "No, and I'm not crazy either.  So stop thinking that."  Hope was becoming very uncomfortable. "What am I getting into?  How much is being kept a secret from us regular people?  Are you sure you're not crazy.  Because only a crazy person would say what you just said."  "Chillax, girl.  This barely happened last month.  It's still new to me too.  But I'm not going to get freaked out about it."  "What happened last month?"  "Here, take my ipad.  Here's a short video that summarizes what happened with the Crucible and it also talks about Millie.  And in September if you'd like, we can both work on investigating this new life form I call our energy life form."  Hope sat her menu down and took the ipad and watched the video, listening using her ear bud.  

After ten minutes Tobi came back with the drinks.  As her assistants were setting the drinks down she quickly took the food orders.  Nellie and Millie decided to share a pizza together.  Tony and K'akana decided to have Borracho Shrimp and share a shaved ice margarita.  It reminded them of the good times this past year at the Double Eagle restaurant in Old Mesilla, New Mexico.  Most of the kids ordered a sirloin cheeseburger with seasoned curly fries.

Across the table from Bannister and Molly were their parents Ted and Silvia. They've recently been going out.  Bannister nudged Molly and whispered "Look.  They're acting like school kids stupid in love."  Molly whispered "Be careful, mom's pretty good at reading minds."  "Oops."  "It's cute though, because both of them are kind of shy.  They really like each other but they're clumsy about expressing it."  "Yeah, like we're experts?"  "Shusss... mom's looking at us."  

Tobi and her helpers brought out the orders.  After all the plates were down Tony asked, "If you don't mind, may we give thanks before we eat?"  K'akana led the group in quick prayer. "Thank you Great Spirit for the blessings you've bestowed upon us, especially last month.  Please help us keep our hearts true and minds pure and fresh like high mountain waters.  And always give us the eyes of an eagle, strength of a bear, and the wisdom of the Infinitum.  This we pray, amen."  "Amen."

During the meal, Elon took a few minutes to praise the five new young Pioneers and welcome them into the family.  He said "I like people your age because you see the world as a magical place full of possibilities and wonder, where anything you imagine is possible.  What you accomplished was amazing but beyond your achievements and after speaking at length with each of you, here are some impressions I came away with."  He pulled out a sheet of paper and read:  "Not all, but some challenges simulate your curiosity.   You focus on the challenge and you don't stop until you find a solution.  When your mind is on fire you forget about time.  Every one of you is a rebel.  You make your own rules to solve problems.  You don't do well with boundaries.  You get bored easily.  So when you're not focused on creating things or finding solutions, you need to be doing something new and different all the time.  When I asked you a complicated question I looked in your eyes and saw you detach from reality and go deep into your mind like you were moving through the far reaches of your imagination.  You never accept there's a best way to do anything.  Like when security was holding Millie in the safe house in Chicago she was telling the agents about different less destructive ways they could have used to take her assassins out.  All five of you are excellent at observation, even down to the smallest details.  You don't get stuck in ruts of prior beliefs like most people do.  In other words you don't experiment to support something you want or assume to be true, you experiment to find an outcome.  You see things objectively and look at your environment in many ways or through many different lenses.  Some people are artistic and others are regimented enough to maneuver comfortably in math.  You are both.  You five enjoy regimentation as long as it's by your rules and the process allows you to creatively question accepted axioms.  You are also procrastinators when it comes to things you don't like.  You will wait until the last moment then have a blast of energy and inspiration to get the assignment done just before the deadline.  I noticed during the interviews you periodically became distracted with things happening around us.  Your attention was diverted because your mind works at high speed.  I've found it's these moments of distraction where people like you often have spontaneous inspiration.  And best of all you have a moral compass.  But, there is something you five still need to work on.  Take a lesson from last year's young Pioneers.  Often they'll come across as being childish and playful.  Please understand this quality is more important than anything else.  And over the next few months you'll discover why."  The group applauded as Elon toasted the five new young Pioneers.  

Next, Norma rose and said "Years ago, if someone told me I would be making $120,000 a year tax free working at Wal-Mart I would wonder what in the hell they were smoking."  The group laughed.  "I was just a young woman from Newark with a modest education.  But because of the Big Change I was being paid directly by the People of the United States without having to hope and dream that someday those damn tightwads Jim, Rob, and Alice Walton might be generous enough to pay me what I needed to have a good life.   But now all of us can look back and see how the Big Change has enabled so much more than making $120,000 a year.  It's literally opened our lives up to unbelievable advances and possibilities.   Years ago Larry, Sergey, and Mark enabled free and easy communications between all people on earth.  Fast forward to just four months ago.  Because of Lupe, I actually walked on another planet in the Milky Way galaxy inhabited by aliens who are now our friends.  Because of the work of Jacob, Tracy, and Molly... my mom and dad are eighteen again.  Because of them and their staff, cancer and most other diseases are curable.  Last month my girls helped destroy alien beings who had been surreptitiously wreaking havoc on earth for at least several thousand years.  We've just discovered there are real live mutant human beings living among us.  We are bringing our deserts alive with fresh water.  With the help of our new young Pioneers we will be cleaning up our environment like we've never imagined.  We will have new sources of clean renewable energy and we'll have more tools to protect the human body."  She looked at Hope "Can you imagine giving the gift of sight to a person who had no idea what it was?  And talk about dreams and aspirations.  Lupe had dinner with us last week.  She and my girls were talking about future inventions they were working on.  What they discussed was mind boggling.  I'm sorry for talking so long but my point is simply this... None of this could have happened without the Big Change.  So the true heroes today are the People who acted as one to change our country into a truly free nation.  So here's a toast... To the People!"  Everybody clanked their glasses together and took a very satisfying drink. 

After dessert and coffee, Connie looked around the table with bright eyes. "Who's ready for a few rounds of miniature golf."  Lupe giggled. "Still being sentimental.  I like that.  Papi... say you want to stay here for a few more minutes and let your food settle."  "Heck no mija, I'm ready."  Norma said "I need to relax a little.  Why don't you guys go ahead and we'll catch up with you later."

As Nellie and Millie came to the first hole they were met by the smelly old pirate.  Nellie said "You're still here?"  The pirate recognized Nellie and laughed like an old sea going captain. "Ha ha ha.  Well shiver me timbers, I know you.  You're the one who stomped on my foot and broke my toe.  Like to see you try it now, you little bilge sucking ship mouse."  "Sorry about the toe, you smelly old pirate."  The pirate said "I got me a pair of steel toed boots.  You can stomp on them all day and it won't hurt.  Go ahead and try.  Go ahead you little rascal."   "No, I don't want to hurt you."   "Hahahaha, you're a little ship's cabin girl, only fit to swab the deck and wash dishes.  Hahaha."  "Ok, that's enough fat man.  You're really not a pirate."  The pirate yelled "Be careful there, or I'll cleave you to the brisket."  "Oh yeah?  You and what army?"  She was moving to kick him in the shins when Millie touched her and she collapsed.  "I told you in the 8x to never do that again!"  Millie continued to touch Nellie as all the stress and anger vented out.  Nellie said "Wow, that feels good."  The guy in the pirate suit wisely took this opportunity to move on to another part of the course.  

Beverly, Hope, Brooklyn, and Mallory were behind Millie and Nellie waiting their turn.  M and N made theirs through and moved on to the next hole.  Bev whispered to Hope "You notice these people are a little different?"  "Which people?"  "The original young Pioneers and their friends."  "Of course they're different.  Look at what they've done."  "No, I don't mean that.  I mean they're really laid back and treat everything like it's no big deal.  It's like everything's a joke.  Like Elon said, they act like children."  Hope stopped. "Beverly, open your eyes.  Can't you see it's their coping mechanism?  I just watched a video about Millie and the Crucible.  And earlier Lupe saved Millie's life.  Apparently these people are targets for kidnapping and murder.  Why do you think Nellie is stuck to Millie like glue?  She's her personal body guard.  She's only ten but she has a black belt in two forms of martial arts.  These people don't take anything lightly.  They are deadly serious, but they can't let it get to their heads so they act carefree."  Beverly said "I'd like to see that video."  "Lupe told me tomorrow they're going to tell the People all about their escapades and they'll refer us to all their videos.  From what Lupe said, most of it has happened in the last few months so I'm sure they're still processing it themselves.  I feel really uncomfortable with this, but I'm not going to rush to judgment on anything.  I'm just thankful I'm part of this great moment in history."  Beverly responded "I've always been very careful."  Hope said "So just chillax and observe.  We've got this great honor and they're telling us we don't have to do any other thing unless we want to.  How much better can it get?"  

Second annual Memorial and Benediction
It was 5:00am the morning of the memorial service.  This whole July 1st thing had become too overwhelming for this year's new young Pioneers.  Millie was handling it ok but not the others.  Last night the other four slept together in Hope's suite.  She doesn't have a dad.  He died some years ago when a whale capsized his fishing boat.  Her mom slept in a smaller room while the girls commandeered a king size bed.  Beverly said "Hope... you awake?"  "Just a little longer Bev."  Bev began talking. "I had the strangest dream last night.  All four of us were together in this room.  Some bad guys were trying to break in.  We ran and hid in the closet.  They crashed in and after a few minutes our closet door opened.  They had machine guns and were going to shoot us when all of a sudden...  they exploded.  There was blood and body parts everywhere.  Then Millie ran up, looked in and asked if we were ok."  Hope half asleep mumbled "You saw the video about Millie, too?"  Mallory had a puzzled look on her face.  "What video?"  Hope sat up in bed. "Millie can destroy things with her hands... with lightning bolts of electricity."  "They briefly mentioned it at the pool, but nobody told me she could actually do that.  Who are these people?  What are these people?  This is just too crazy."  Brooklyn heard the commotion. "What's going on.  I was having such a good dream.  I was back home in my neighborhood at the bodega on the corner ordering a Reuben Sandwich with extra sauce and Swiss cheese.  I was petting their cat while the owner was slicing the meat.  His name is Milo.  When he purrs it sounds like a motor running.  I really miss my home.  I don't know if I want to be a young Pioneer."  All four agreed this wasn't necessary.  They just wanted to go home and be happy again.  Mallory said "Let's get dressed and pretend to go for a walk then steal a car.  I know how to drive.  Brooklyn said "I can hot wire a car."  Beverly said "We'll find one near the gate and bust out of here."  Brooklyn said "I've got a hot bank card and don't ask me how I got it.  We can use it to pay for things after we break out."  Hope said "I'll call my mom later to let her know I'm ok."  Bev said "Our parents will worry about us, but they'll understand.  Come on, let's hurry and get dressed."

At 6:00 they were dressed and ready to go.  Beverly whispered "Do we have everything?"  They nodded their heads.  "Great.  Shusss... Let's be very quiet in the hallway."  Hope was about to open the door when somebody turned the knob from the outside.  Mallory whispered "Oh my God, it's my dream!"  The door slowly opened and there they were... Lupe, Tracy, Molly, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Millie, Summer, and Bannister.  Lupe yelled "Surprise!  We brought you breakfast in bed."

She saw they were all dressed. "Hey, you're supposed to be in bed.  But that's ok.  Look, we brought you guys some of everything on the menu."  Bannister brought in what looked like a hundred balloons.  Lupe smiled. "Forget the 'New Young Pioneer' crap.  Today is the day we formally bring you into our family.  That's right 'Our family'.  You are now officially one of the Bandidas.  And that means we don't put up with no shit from nobody outside our group. You're a member for life.  We have a very simple code to live by.  We always respect and support each other and the PEOPLE in every possible way."  Tracy said "To make it official we'll put this Bandida war paint on your cheeks to signify your initiation into our inner sanctum."

Beverly looked at the other three potential escapees then looked at Lupe. "Thanks guys."  Lupe said "Isn't this exciting!  You all go ahead and sit down while we put the paint on.  As part of the initiation Tracy is going to give you super strength just in case there's a problem at the memorial.  It will make you bulletproof.  Nellie stepped forward. "And for the remainder of the summer Uncle Cletus and I will be training you how to fly an Apache and a Blackhawk."  Tracy laughed and said "And probably by this time next year Mallory will have developed a high speed submarine and you'll be teaching us how to operate it."

Millie felt their apprehensions and walked up. "Here guys."  She was about to touch all four girls to take away their anxieties, but Molly stopped her. "We can do that to outsiders, but not to other Bandidas on issues of importance.  They can't have any outside influences.  They have to make up their own minds if they want to be part of this."

Lupe had a vexed look and turned to Beverly. "You don't want to be part of this?"  Beverly said "This is all happening so fast.  Apparently being a Pioneer can be very deadly.  I feel good about being with you guys, but why can't I just stay at home and continue what I was doing?"  Lupe sat down and became very serious. "Is riding a bicycle better than Blinking to another planet?  A bike goes ten miles an hour.  As a Pioneer you can come and work at White Sands and do things way beyond what you've ever dreamed of, and you'll be able to do it quickly.  You'll have the best equipment on earth, and now with Tang's help, you'll have the best equipment and information from two planets available to you.  Plus you'll have some of the best minds on two planets at your disposal.  We can travel together to explore other worlds.  And just between us in this room, soon I believe we will be able to travel backward and forward in time."  Lupe continued "You are the best of the best on this earth.  Humanity needs people like you.  But you know what... while that is important, to me my happiness comes first.  No, no, no.  I have to take that back.  You know why I'm here?  You remember my story about being homeless?"  Beverly said "Sort of."  Lupe said "Well for me it wasn't 'sort of'.  It was real and in my face.  Every day I wondered if I'd have anything to eat and a safe place to sleep.  That kind of shit nobody should have to endure.  As long as I have this power given to me I'll NEVER let it happen to anyone else again. That means I'm going to make sure everybody has enough to eat, a good place to sleep, nice clothing to wear, great medical care, and nobody, I swear to God, nobody will ever freeze to death simply because they were poor and homeless.  That's why I became a Pioneer."

Tracy said "It's my turn.  The reason why I'm here is because of bullies.  First it was a boy at school, and then I realized billionaires before the BC kept important breakthroughs away from the people because they hadn't figured out a way to make tons of money on it.  Many lives were lost because of their greed.  Billionaires on Wall Street used to gamble with the People's money and then the crash of 2008 happened and millions lost their homes and those families suffered horribly.  Now that I'm a young Pioneer I've been given the trust and power over the military to make sure we never go back to the way it was."  Bev asked "You have power over the military?"  "Yes... Lupe, Molly, Jacob, and myself have absolute authority to direct the military if we feel it's necessary to do so."  "I didn't know that."  Tracy said "Molly, you talk to them now."

Molly looked at the girls. "Summer and I are from a people who had the star travelers come visit us many thousands of years ago.  They laid out for us a code to live by.  They gave us special knowledge and mental abilities.  And if necessary we can bring them back to help us during times of dire need like last month.  For Summer, myself, Lupe, and also for Hope, being here is our destiny that has been foretold by our ancestors.  Summer, would you like to say something?"  Summer spoke. "What you said is true."  She looked at the girls. "Beverly... you want to clean up the oceans.  Being a Pioneer will make it happen on a large scale.  Hope... you are part of the prophecy, another Native American, another chosen one.  Brooklyn...  you're into creating almost perpetual power without the need for the sun or the wind.  Your mind is exploding with ideas.  Working at White Sands will enable you to do anything you want.   Mallory... I can't believe all the things you've done.  It's mind boggling.  Imagine if you could have a team of the best minds in the world at your disposal.  You could direct and manage them to carry out in a year what would take you several lifetimes."

Summer stopped and looked at them.  They looked scared out of their wits.  Summer felt their fear.  Her eyes began tearing up. "Come here you four.  I really need a hug.  Please..."  Beverly was the first to walk over. "Don't cry Summer.  I'm just afraid."  Summer said "I am too.  Every day I ask myself if what we are doing is right."  Beverly was hugging Summer. "I miss my home and all my friends.  I'll never see them again."  Hope walked up and started a group hug. "You have us Beverly."  Mallory and Brooklyn joined in.  Brooklyn was crying. "I miss my school."  Mallory couldn't hold back the tears anymore "I miss my groms.  Right now we'd be rippin the surf like nobody's business...  But when I think about it, if I stayed down there that's all I'd have for the rest of my life.  I'd invent some badassical things but nothing like I could do here as a Pioneer.  Surfing's a kick, but I can only shred for so long then I get this mongo fomo (feeling of missing out) on the rest of life."   Beverly said "I know what you mean.  Even though I love Catalina, it's the most boring place on earth."  Brooklyn said "I miss my school like crazy, but even though I love my friends, it was like they were in first grade and I was in college.  I was always talking over their heads.  They tried, but they just couldn't understand me.  In a way I became a social pariah.  They laughed when I cracked jokes, but they didn't understand half of them."  Hope with a sigh of relief said "Thank goodness.  I really didn't want to go back home.  It's too cold up there and I get tired of the same people.  And I'm tired of my cousins telling me 'Why don't you act normal like the rest of us'."  She wiped away the tears. "Dammit, I am normal.  They resent me because I'm way smarter than they are."  She wiped more tears. "I can't help it.  I am what I am."  Bev, Brook, and Mallory hugged Hope even closer.  With that everybody in the room began crying and made a giant group hug.  After some moments of hugging they one by one sat on the floor.

Lupe cleaned her face and asked "So what do we do now?"  There was an uncomfortable silence.  Mallory sitting next to Lupe said "Sitting on the floor like this reminds me of the times my dad and I had tickle fights."  She smiled at Lupe. "You're not ticklish, are you...  He he he."  "No Mallory, I'm really ticklish.  Stop it!  Aaaahhh.  Stop it!  I'll just tickle you back you little shit!"  .......So the room became one large laughing tickle fight with no winners.  But then again maybe everybody won.  After being worn-out from tickling they laid still on the floor looking up at the ceiling.  Beverly spoke. "Well, where's that war paint?"  Lupe breathed a sigh of relief and said "Bannister is the artist.  She'll make you guys look totally dangerous."  After the scary face painting, Tracy shot everybody up with super strength.  Except for Millie of course.  The newbies couldn't believe how exhilarating it felt.  Tracy said "It will last for about two days.  Just be careful and don't hurt anybody.  You won't realize your strength so take it easy.  Ok?  And don't worry.  I already checked your blood to make sure my chemicals won't harm you."  

Nellie called Tom to bring in a large clean blanket.  In five minutes it was spread out on the floor and the girls were sitting in a large circle Indian style with their legs crossed.  Mike and Tom placed big plates of food in the center.  Summer said a prayer to the Great Spirit that brought them together, then they tore into the food eating with their fingers and laughing.

By 7:30 most all of the guests to be flown to the museum were out on the Tarmac sitting at tables eating breakfast.  Like last year, there were twenty five fully armed Blackhawks staged on the Tarmac.  General Steele's Apache was parked on the pad waiting to lead the group.  Fifteen other fully armed Apaches were waiting off site for orders.  Cindy had these choppers armed with the most recent cutting edge technology to neutralize any problems if they arose.

Several cold fusion satellites were in low orbit over Washington, DC.  Every square inch of the metro area was being scanned continuously.  The satellites have plasma beam systems to destroy threats on the ground and in the air.

By 7:45am the area next to the helicopters was bustling with activity.  Cindy was advising the guests they had a little less than an hour before they departed.

The adults were trying to relax over coffee while the kids were chatting at other tables.  "Connie told Lupe "Thanks for letting me fly the Blackhawk this time.  I'm much more relaxed when I'm at the controls."  Lupe said "I'd trust you with my life any day."  Beverly said "I always get nervous flying."  Tracy said "Bev, if you fell five thousand feet and hit the ground, it wouldn't hurt you.  Well maybe, but you'd survive."  "Oh yeah, the chemicals.  All we need to do now is figure out a way to fly like Supergirl."   Lupe said "I'll bet Millie already knows, but she just hasn't shown us yet."  Millie yelled "Bandida power!"  Brooklyn whispered "Like the Power Rangers."  Millie added "But better.  We don't need to call on any creatures.  We do it ourselves!"  Tracy asked "How do you guys know about the Power Rangers?"  Bannister smiled. "Nickelodeon."   Lupe looked at Jacob. "You still watch Nickelodeon?"  "Sure.  My favorite is Pinky and the Brain.  Pinky supposedly represents the gullible public and the Brain represents the maniacal overlords before Big Change."  "Interesting."

At 8:40 the general was encouraging the VIPs to enter the helicopters.  In ten minutes everybody was buckled in.  By 8:55 they were in the air heading to the People's Monument and Museum.  The satellites above DC were reporting all clear.  The Blackhawks landed next to the amusement park building while the Apaches hovered overhead.  As the guests of honor and their families were entering the building, the crowd broke into thundering applause.  Like last year they started chanting "Free-dom, free-dom, free-dom......."

The stage was a large platform set up to seat the honorees and dignitaries.  This year they arranged a 600' by 600' open floor in front of the stage that had seating for 25 thousand.

The ceremony began at 9:30am.  Several Native American religious leaders, a Protestant church leader, a Catholic priest, an Eastern Orthodox priest, a Chinese Shen practitioner, a Buddhist monk, a Shinto priest, a Rabbi, a Hindu priest, a Sikh priest, and Ayaan Hirsi Ali were again standing shoulder to shoulder holding hands.  One at a time each said a brief prayer for all of those who died two years ago.  Over two hundred thousand Americans perished at the hands of terrorists. 

After the prayers Elon Musk came forward to center stage and spoke.  He recognized the representatives of over 100 countries who came to pay their respect.  "We have over four thousand special guests from all over the world here with us on this solemn occasion.  Would you please stand so we can recognize you."  They stood and waved to the crowd.  "Since the time we became a truly free nation over half of the world's population has moved with us.  And many more nations are seeking our help to achieve the same.  Thank you for coming.  It's an honor to have you with us."

He went on to give a brief history of what occurred during the last year.  What additional reforms we made and how we've been enjoying life.  He showed several videos on the big screens of how life is in different parts of America.  They saw many of the problems that arose and how the People quickly resolved them.  He also showed the many additional parks and recreational areas we've put in the US for the People to enjoy.

After reviewing the past year he went to the open letter. "You the People of the United States asked that I read this very meaningful open letter like I did last year.  So if you would, please bow your heads... 'Years ago we brought about the Big Change for the Freedom of all our People.  With help from God, our Pioneers, and millions of volunteers we were able to make it work.  Our resolution to be a free people was tested two years ago.  We demonstrated to ourselves strong will and determination.  We did not and will never submit to any group for any reason.  Acting alone we are nothing, but acting as one we are very powerful.  God Bless us all and may we continue to be happy and continue to be the beacon of Freedom to all other nations on earth.  To the Heroes who selflessly gave of themselves two years ago? Thank you.  And to the families of those who died? May God bless and keep forever your loved ones in His caring hands in Heaven.  This date will forever be a day of remembrance.  We must never forget.  We must never allow it to happen again.'  Amen."

Everybody across America said "Amen."

Elon paused for a moment of silence, then said "Thank you.  This ends our memorial and benediction.  It's a little before noon.  Let's break for lunch.  We have hundreds of food tents with plenty of seating out in the parking lot.  We also have food and drink kiosks everywhere inside the buildings with lots of seating throughout.  And, it's all free.  In fact as you the People decided, the food today everywhere in our United States is free.  See you back here at 2:00 eastern standard time.  Last year's young Pioneers will give us a report.  Then we will proudly recognize five new Young Pioneers of America.  Thank you."

It was 2:00pm.  After having a relaxing lunch the audience was seated again.  Five teenagers rose from their chairs behind a group of dignitaries and walked to the front.  Three had masks and were wearing dark loose clothing.  The other two were Summer Zia and Jacob Jackson.  The crowd immediately recognized them and went crazy.  Elon had to come to the podium and asked for quiet.  "Please everyone, they have a lot to tell us today, so would you please hold your applause until they've finished.  And after they finish we still have to introduce this year's new Young Pioneers.  So please, especially with what they have to tell you, if you don't hold your applause we'll be here all night...  Thank you."   

The curious crowd calmed down.  The five were standing together at the podium.  Lupe began. "Thank you.  Thank you very much.  The first thing we'd like to do is thank the older Pioneers for their help and support.  Without people like Larry Page, Serge Brin, and Mark Zukerberg, none of what we accomplished could have happened. ((Comment from the author of this book... It will be a cold day in hell before Page, Brin, or Zukerberg will even remotely do anything like I depicted in this story.  Sad, very sad.  Maybe some of you Millennials or Gen Z will.  One can only hope. Right? At least Musk has advocated for a direct democracy.))  And. the original Pioneers have done so much this past year to improve the lives of all people across the earth.  For example, Mr. Page has devoted most of this last year helping China become a truly free nation by helping install its computerized infrastructure.  That's just one example.  This past year the original Pioneers took more of an administrative and resource provider position while we, the young Pioneers, were encouraged to reach into our imaginations and do the seemingly impossible.  In other words they made sure everything was operating as it should while we went out and explored and discovered.  Whatever we needed, they made sure we had it.  We put together a video that shows all the wonderful things the original Pioneers have done for America.  They wanted us to call it 'Contributions by the old guys'.  But we decided to call it 'Examples of Great Leadership'.  It's on YouTube.  Would you all please stand and let our original Pioneers know just how much you appreciate their service to our country, because without them we wouldn't be a free nation."  The crowd stood and cheered so loudly the building shook. 

After many minutes of applause Lupe got the crowd to listen again.  "So let's move to the explorations, discoveries and accomplishments of the young Pioneers.  It's been a year since we last spoke to you.  So much has happened.  We are standing together because much of our work has been done in a collaborative way.  I'm not into lengthy speeches so let's get straight to it.  First we want you to know that, as you have mandated, we are giving you full public disclosure.  Nothing will be kept a secret.  Well, we don't want the enemy to know how to Blink or be super strong.  So things such as these you told us not to disclose."  

Lupe stepped away from the podium and asked "So are you ready to hear some wild and crazy things we've done this past year?"  The crowd in extreme anticipation screamed "Yes!"  Lupe giggled and said "What, I didn't hear you."  The crowd yelled so loud the building shook.  She walked back to her buds. "Well ok, if you insist.  Here we go... Last March, thirty people including us five traveled to Kepler 186f.  It's a planet about 500 light years from here."  There were gasps from the crowd along with slight mumbling.  "We first sent several probes to check out the place and to find a good location for our landing.  After analyzing the data we decided it was ok to send a team to explore the planet.  We landed safely, sent up drones, tested the soil and atmosphere.  Everything looked good.  Then one of our sensors picked up a flying object approaching our ship.  Long story short, it was a being who lived there.  He's a sentry who came to check us out.  They call themselves the Calix.  The individual who we communicated with is named Tang.  The Calix are peace loving creatures.  Biologically, technologically, and sociologically they are much more advanced than humans.  To save time we put the complete story of our trip on YouTube.  It's called Blinking to Kepler 186f.  Since we are doing full disclosure as much as possible we asked Tang to come join us for a few minutes today.  He proudly accepted the invitation.  So here he is, ladies and gentlemen, all the way from Kepler 186f, we introduce to you a real live creature from another world."  The crowd was uncharacteristically hushed.  Lupe giggled. "Come on, he doesn't bite.  And as I'll explain later he has helped the People of the United States in ways you wouldn't believe.  Elon asked that you hold your applause, but let's make an exception."  All five young Pioneers began clapping as this diminutive creature from the back row wearing a hoody stood up and approached the front.  The young Pioneers shook his hand and hugged him.  He took his hoody off and stepped up to the podium.  "Whew, that hoodie is really warm.  As you can see I'm a collection of trillions of cells and have bilateral symmetry like many creatures including you humans.  I'm skinny and much shorter than you.  My head and eyes are larger.  My mouth is small and my fingers are long and spindly...  I know it's quite a shock to see an alien from outer space.  But think how I felt when I first saw you humans."  He looked at the crowd sitting motionless.  "It's ok, everybody.  You can relax...  Breathe.  Are you comfortable with seeing a creature from another planet?"  His question was returned with silence.  He turned to Lupe.  Lupe said "Tell them a little about the Calix."  He said "That is a good idea.  How about this...  For humans to stay alive, you combine sugar and oxygen in the mitochondria of your cells to release electrons.  Those electrons moving about in your body is what gives you life.  We on the other hand pull electrons directly from rocks.  It's somewhat more efficient and we don't have to kill things and eat them to survive.  We have existed for over a million years before humans came to be on earth.  Therefore we are blessed with more abilities simply because of the process of natural selection and many more years of cellular and physiological phenotypic trait variations that are caused by external or environmental factors that switch genes on and off and affect how cells read genes in addition to being caused by changes in the DNA sequence through natural selection."  The audience sat in silence not knowing what the hell he was talking about.  But they knew he understood so that made it ok.

Tang stepped off the stool behind the podium and began walking around looking at the audience.  "The YouTube video about the trip explains about us in depth.  The Blinking girl has a lot of subject matter to cover this afternoon so I'll make it quick.  I wanted to come here so you could hear it directly from the Calix that we like you humans.  You're a little ugly..."  The crowd laughed.  "But nobody's perfect, right?"  Laughter again.  "Uncountable millennia ago the Star Travelers came to our planet and created us.  Or should I say they seeded us.  They introduced life to our planet.  Life which is similar to your life.  We both have cells with DNA.  Except our DNA is quad helix.  So what I'm saying is we are actually siblings from the same beings who put us on our two planets.  These beings call themselves the Infinitum.  They are not gods, just beings like us.  Lupe will explain how we came to know this only last month.  And as far as humans coming to live with us on our planet, we welcome you.  But you must follow our laws which are similar to your Golden Rule.  Any violators will have to return to earth.  In the future Lupe and I will be travelling on joint expeditions to explore other planets.  We are particularly interested in visiting the first planet in what you call the Zeta Retuculi star system.  There are beings living on those planets who for simplicity call themselves Zetas.  Later this young lady will explain how we came to know this."  He turned to Lupe. "Have I said enough?"  Lupe smiled. "You did great."  Lupe said to the audience "Please put your hands together for our new friend from another planet."  The crowd stood and cheered.  After some minutes Lupe had to wave them down. "We absolutely don't want anything to happen to our brother from the same mother, so we are going to Blink him home immediately.  This will show you that Blinking actually works.  In a few moments Tang will reach his home 2.94 quadrillion miles from here.  Wearing spacesuits as a precaution, Tom and Mike came forward with Natasha Kabinski.  Mike handed a spacesuit to Tang which he quickly put on.  The four held hands and poof, they were gone.  With that the crowd went absolutely nuts.  Again Elon had to come up to bring silence back again.  People everywhere in the United States and throughout the world watching couldn't have been prouder.  Lupe giggled. "That was really cool but we have a lot more to talk about.  So like Elon is saying please hold your applause.  Without further ado, we will have the three pioneers in chemistry and medicine speak to you.   Jacob began.  It's a pleasure to speak with you again.  It's good that we are mixing this solemn occasion of marking and remembering a tragedy of the past and then showing you things that give promise to the future."  Our research facility has some of the best minds in the world supporting us.  I'd like to thank them for their valuable contribution.  I can't give your names, but please be assured we couldn't have done it without you."  Jacob continued "We have made many discoveries and inventions to aid human life.  For example we can grow human replacement organs in a laboratory.  To save time we uploaded an hour long video entitled Breakthroughs in the Biology of Life.  He looked at Tracy and Molly then turned to the crowd.  Today we decided to spotlight one thing that stood out above everything else.  The decision was easy.  Ma'am, would you please come forward.  Again from the back of the dignitaries a young woman with tawny skin and raven hair stood wearing skimpy shorts, a tiny tank top, a turquoise beaded two inch wide leather strap wrapped around one bicep.  The strap had four eagle feathers hanging from it.  She was wearing tan beaded deerskin moccasins, and had a small mask over her eyes.  It was Norma's mother Maria Magdalena.  She ran over to the Pioneers standing at the podium.  Jacob clipped a tiny wireless microphone to her clothing.  She proceeded to walk to the very front of the stage and raised her tank top to clearly show her tummy.  She directed the cameraman to come in for a close up for the giant screen above the stage. "How do you like my six-pack?  Nicely toned muscles, huh?"

Without giving it a thought she jumped off the stage and ran down an aisle high-fiving people seated along the edge.  The overhead camera was on her.  Two guards had a hard time keeping up.  She stopped after running several hundred feet and looked around.  She asked a person at the end of a row to stand up and allow her to stand on his chair.  "My name is Maria, and I'm fifty eight years old."  The audience gasped.  She stepped off the chair and ran back onto the stage.  "I just had a birthday so I'm actually fifty nine.  Before the procedure, my health was very poor.  I looked very old.  I was in the last stages of Alzheimer's.  My brain was turning to mush.  I couldn't walk anymore.  My body was quickly wasting away.  I only had a little while longer to live."

She continued walking and shaking her booty around the stage. "I wore a skimpy outfit to show you I have the body of a young girl now.  Nice legs, huh?  It's not just the body, it's everything.  I have a young brain again."  The audience was very quiet, listening intently.   "Jacob and these two wonderful girls actually brought me back to being an eighteen year old.  They discovered the secret to making an old sick dying person young again."

"If I get run over by a bus, they can't do much about that.  But as long as I take care not to severely injure myself, they tell me there is a possibility my life can extend to over a thousand years."  She paused and looked at Jacob then to the audience. "You need to understand that I'm still their lab mouse.  In other words nobody knows if this is really going to work.  But so far so good.  Having a second chance at life is an unbelievable dream.  Because of the Big Change, this time I won't be poor and homeless.  I'll be able to eat right and stay fit.  Most of all I'll get to experience the passion of love again."  She stopped and looked around.  With a serious voice she continued "So as you can see the lab rat's doing ok.  If you would, please pray for me.  Pray that I continue to stay healthy and young.  Thank you."  She stopped and walked over to the podium and handed the mic back.  She hugged and kissed Jacob, Tracy, and Molly.  Jacob said "Thank you, Maria." (She was quickly ushered out of the building to a waiting Apache, with several other Apaches to escort her.) "Like Maria said, this process is still in the experimental stage.  We had a few snags lately, but believe it or not with information given to us by the Infinitum we were able to work through them.  I hope this miracle will be available to the public within a year.  I wish we could do it now but it's still too dangerous." 

Jacob handed the mic to Tracy.  She said "As the girl who invented Blinking told you last year, see what happens when you give people all the tools and the encouragement they need to fly to the outer reaches of their abilities and imagination?  This is what the Big Change is all about.  It's about the People.  It's not about reigning in advances in technology to control profit making.  That's the bitter past.  Just thinking about it used to enrage me.  But now it's you and I who are in charge."  Smiling, she said "With our freedom, I believe we can, if given the time, we can do absolutely anything!  We the People are the ones running the show now, and see where it's taken us!  And, this is just the beginning!"

She stepped next to Lupe and put her arm around her. "My friend here is one amazing person.  She has been my spirit guide for well over a year.  She and Summer constantly remind us that the stuff we do must have a moral compass attached to it.  And on the personal side, I've had some very serious anger issues, and my guide here has really helped me through a lot of dark times...  I thank you for that."  Tracy moved to Molly and handed her the microphone.  Molly said "Two things I'd like to say today.  First I've been communicating with mammals in the ocean.  The whales and dolphins want us to stop killing them.  That's a reasonable request, don't you think?   Second, blinking to other hospitable planets came just in time because if this rejuvenation process of making people young again works then we will be bumping against the 400 million population ceiling very quickly.  It seems many positive things are occurring so quickly that us five often wonder if it's not part of a plan by some higher power.  Believe it or not, we have yet to tell you about the most extraordinary stuff we've experienced.  So let's proceed.  Last month we met the most amazing girl. It was an accidental meeting, but now we wonder if it really was or if it was meant to be."

"Nobody knows what occurred last month except for us and a handful of others.  So let's bring our amazing friend out.  To protect her we won't disclose her real name.  Like us she has a disguise including her voice.  We've nicknamed her Sparky.  So Sparky, if you'd please come up to the podium."  Millie with a mask came running up and put her arm around Lupe.  Molly handed the microphone to Lupe. "I'm her favorite."  Millie pulled the mic down. "I like all of you the same."   Lupe said "But I discovered you."  Millie responded "Or did I discover you?"  Lupe looked at her. "After knowing you for a month I'd have to say that's a good question."

Lupe looked at the audience becoming restless. "I'm sure you've seen the X-men movies.  Right?  Well here is a true mutant with X-men characteristics."  Millie pulled the mic down. "But I don't like the X-men thing.  I'm an X-girl."  Lupe said "By now you're wondering what the heck is going on.  So let's show you."  Lupe reached underneath the top of the podium and pulled out a basketball.  She looked at Millie. "You ready?"  Millie shook her head yes.  Lupe with her super strength threw the basketball high out into the audience.  Millie raised her hand and a thin bead of blue light went straight to the ball and stopped it in midair.  The audience gasped.  Then she made the ball return to Lupe's hands.  Lupe giggled and said "Pretty cool, huh?"  The audience cheered.  Lupe waved them to silence.  "Let's have Sparky tell you the biggest story of today.  I still can't believe it happened, but it did.  If we didn't have videos to support it, I'd think it was some crazy dream."

She handed the mic to Millie. "We're short on time and I really don't like to jibber jabber so I'll make it brief.  If you want the full story you can watch the video we just put up called The Crucible.  It's on YouTube.  Among the many things I can do is put my hand down and see into the ground.  I can see gaps or air pockets.  And I can detect metal.  I taste it.  Weird, huh?"

Millie walked to the front.  "The video we just put up also describes how I came to be.  And I believe there are others out there who are like me.  If you feel you have any unusual powers, this video may explain how you got them.  And your parents could be keeping the truth from you.  Ok?  If you feel you are a mutant like me, please contact the People's Secret Service and we will see if it's true."

She walked up to the front edge of the stage. "So last month I was riding a bicycle in Central Park in New York City and to pass the time and have a little fun I was looking below the surface.  I discovered an open area 1000 meters down that seemed like it was made by humans because it was shaped like a large box.  A small group of us Blinked down to the cavity and I saw a metal wall with alien writing on it.  I can feel emotions.  I felt sinister evil coming from the other side of that wall.  I grabbed the Blinker and begged her to immediately get us out of there.  She was so concerned that she blinked us to Kepler 186f.  We told Tang what happened.  I eventually sat down with a leader of the planet's defense council at Tang's home.  Her name is Taze. We are both telepathic.  She looked at what I saw written on the metal wall.  She recognized it as the symbol of the Crucible.  That's what they call themselves.  The Crucible were driven from Kepler 186f twenty thousand years ago.  She told us they were very evil and had to be destroyed and they would help us do it.  We spent a few hours planning the attack.  We decided to do it the next morning.  Taze told us about a person on earth who the Calix met on our first visit to their planet.  They said this woman had to be there when we attacked because she had special powers.  So we Blinked back to where she lived.  She showed me a small device.  We both held it and we talked to beings about our problems.  The beings Blinked themselves to earth to help us.

These beings call themselves the Infinitum.  There were three.  Ruth, Asya, and Anya.  They took the form of humans.  The Infinitum came to earth before recorded history and created humans.  They also created the Calix.  The leader Ruth told us the Crucible fed off of emotions.  They love fear, anger, and other dark emotions.  They actually eat these emotions like a drug.  She told us, if given the opportunity, they will eat the spirit force of a human immediately after they die.  Long story short, we killed off the Crucible and destroyed their facility below Central Park which also included destroying the portal to the other universe from where they came.  Remember the earthquake in New York City last month?  That was us turning their lair into molten rock."  Millie stopped talking and walked along the edge of the stage.  "Now you know there are mutants around you.  I am one of them.  I'm a good person with strong morals.  I hope all mutants are the same."  She continued "Now we know where all of us came from.  The Infinitum.  But they couldn't tell us where they came from.  Ruth said they are 700 million years old.  They and us and the Calix all believe in a God.  But we don't have any idea what God really is or why we are here.  But we all agreed it was very odd that these events occurred so close together with the outcome being the elimination of the Crucible from earth."  She stopped, smiled and said "Thank you."

Millie walked back and handed the mic to Lupe.  She hugged the young Pioneers then walked back and sat down.  Lupe said "Because of who she is and what she's done, last month we made Sparky a new young Pioneer.  Ruth, the leader of the Infinitum, told us the Crucible have been causing most of the turmoil across the earth for the last several thousand years.  We couldn't have done any of this if it wasn't for Sparky.  I believe her positive contribution to humanity is only beginning.  Greater things are yet to come from her.  Would you please give her some love."  The audience cheered. 

"There are a couple more things before we sit down.  I'll make it fast.  There's this place called S4 inside Area 51 in Nevada.  I'm sure you've all heard of Area 51.  Well it's true.  There are spaceships and dead aliens over there.  It was run by the CIA until the beginning of May when you, the People, turned control over to me.  They said the Air Force had been controlling it for years.  But they lied, it was still the CIA.  I was busy with other things in May but during June I decided to pay them a visit and found the CIA was extremely corrupt.  We've since disbanded the CIA.  We arrested and put in prison all the bad boys at Area 51.  There were no women on that base.  In reading their minds we discovered these rascals believed women wouldn't tolerate their bad boy behavior.  You know what, they were right.  We just put up a YouTube video called S4.  It will explain everything including how our friend Tang helped us."

Lupe stepped forward from the group.  "There is one more thing I want to talk to you about before I turn it over to Summer.  A month ago I figured out how to look into the future.  To take snapshots.  I'm just now developing a working prototype.  It's crude, but it does work.  Last month we, the original young Pioneers, had discussions about the morality of this.  Should we do it or shouldn't we.  Summer said if she saw a truck hit and kill her, she would certainly want to know so she could avoid it.  Looking into the future could enable us to cure a disease before it happens.  But of course people could also use my invention to do very bad things."

Lupe walked up to the camera. "I want all of you to think if and how we should do this.  I would recommend we keep it top secret with only a handful of people knowing exactly how to build one and how to make it work.  None of the plans are on any form of media.  It's all in our heads.  This is the way to keep it secure.  But at the same time I don't want this technology to get lost.   And I don't want it stolen.  Please think about it and let us know.  We have a YouTube channel called Seeing the Future.  Please leave your comments there.  Thank you."  Lupe turned and walked back and handed the mic to Summer.

Summer smiled. "Hi everybody."  The audience said hi.  "I had no idea that my writings would be embraced by so many people.  And, I've been told my posters are on the bedroom walls of most kids in America.  Their favorite is the one that says Happiness is Your Passion for Life with the visual of me in a bright yellow Zia t-shirt, blue denim shorts, and deer skin moccasins with my hair blowing in the wind riding Happy Feet across the painted desert of central New Mexico.  For me, that's true happiness.  But just as fast as my horse can run, happiness can be as fleeting.  Happiness isn't something you can hold or own.  As I've mentioned before on past videos, happiness is a personal thing.  It's different for everybody at different moments in our lives."  

"It's good to see so many of you have been using my algorithm.  The results of our surveys say most of you are happy with it.  We did run across some minor problems and made a few changes.

This past year we also took a different approach.  We looked at the physiology of happiness."  She put her hands on the shoulders of Tracy and Molly.  "With the help of these two people we performed many case studies.  For an in depth explanation we posted a video on YouTube called Happiness 2019.

We knew dopamine plays a big part in making us feel happy.  The more it's secreted the happier we feel.  Older people produce less than younger ones, so we experimented on people over fifty and those in their twenties.  We created nanobots to monitor dopamine secretions in the human brain.  The bots also regulated the levels.  We found if you don't use it you lose it.  Dopamine is manufactured in nerve cell bodies located within the ventral tegmental area and is released in the nucleus accumbens and the prefrontal cortex.  It's like exercising.  To be healthy we have to work out.  We found that everybody has a genetic set point on dopamine production.  Some with low secretions aren't as happy.   So even without the bots the hormone level doesn't go below their baseline.  Baselines are different for every person.  But the baselines weren't what we needed to be concerned about.   It's how much dopamine should a person have in their system and where should it reside.  The motor skill areas of the brain shouldn't have too much.  The sensory centers of the brain should have a good amount, but not too much.  Too much would be like getting a brain freeze when you eat ice cream too quickly.  And the thinking parts of the brain must have a good amount.  But just squirting dopamine into the brain isn't the right approach.  It must have an associative outer world experience attached to it."

"Here are some other things.  We've found people who constantly make comparisons of their happiness to others is harmful.  We found that new experiences are great.  Even if it's something small like driving a different way to work.  Even though we are creatures of habit and habits give us comfort we can overdo it to a level of boredom.  Vacations are a great source of happiness.  Going to a strange big city with thousands of things to see is what our mind loves.  From nightclubs to zoos to something as simple as flying a kite in a park is very exhilarating.  We love new and different kinds of food and even the location where it is prepared and sold and eaten.  Watching a Thai make ice cream on a large frozen metal plate under an awning then eating it as you walk past vendors with all kinds of small shops is stimulating.  Lots of colors, smells and sounds."

"Before the BC, most adults worked long hours and made just enough money to survive.  The stress was horrible.  Working long hours left most worn to a frazzle, divorced, or dead.  In Japan they called this horrible stress related death Karoshi."

"But get this... we did find working is much more fulfilling than not working at all.  Happiness is found when one struggles, but the goals have to be attainable and rewarding.  Picking a goal and working towards it definitely makes you feel better.  And we really don't like people who use the system to their advantage.   Used to be it was who you knew that got you where you wanted.  We don't tolerate that anymore."

"Living in the moment contributes greatly to happiness.  Trying to find happiness in the future while foregoing the present is like chasing shadows.   And we found when people do things against their ethics or moral code, they really aren't happy.  Being light hearted, open, and honest makes us smile.  We like making new friends and sharing times with old ones without trying to impress them.  That feels good."

"Attempting to control others too much or allowing others to control you is wrong.  But going through trials and hard times does help a person to be happy.  It gives us perspective.  Obsessing about problems won't make you happy.  Looking at life as a cornucopia of fun things to do and not dwelling on it problematically works better.  And it's wise to avoid people who make you unhappy.  Keep your analysis simple.  Does the person for the most part elevate you or bring you down.  Don't make it complicated."

"Some people say ignorance can aid in happiness.  While in many cases that's true, it's only a short term benefit.  If you don't know your boyfriend is cheating on you and he constantly tells you he loves you, the pain after you find out is far greater the longer the subterfuge lasts."

"Having a home that can't be taken away from you.  Having a family and knowing we can live a normal life is very positive.  And knowing you are loved for who you are and not what you're supposed to be some day is happiness.  Some women have a very bad habit of trying to change their man.  Listen, if you like him overall but you think you can change a few things that really rub you the wrong way... that's a perfect formula for a breakup."

"Many people have a calling to do something greater than themselves.  Working along that path adds to your happiness."

"We definitely should have new experiences and it should be done in different crazy fun ways. Imagine yourself running around in a warm banana suit on a cold winter day.  Water, especially the ocean is great.  Like surfing.  It gives you a sense of tranquility.  Also being in the zone or the flow to gain a sense of accomplishment of doing something you enjoy like singing or playing a musical instrument or cooking.  Money does facilitate happiness.  But making substantially over what we require can be dangerous because it could cause you to be on a hedonic treadmill.  It's an enemy of happiness.  This treadmill is a mental process of the more you have the more you want.  In the long run it is destructive.  People seek happiness from the outside like money, image, status.  This is part of that treadmill and it's bad if done to extremes." 

"Personal growth like learning another language or exercising, developing relationships, and the desire to help are three inside ways to be happy.  The outside and the inside are opposites of each other.  We are herd creatures.   We need to be around other people to be happier.  That's why for single parent families we started cohousing communities.  They are large buildings that have many family units.  There are common areas like kitchens and large recreation rooms.  Collectively the families work together to prepare meals, clean the common area, and watch young children.  For many it has enhanced their happiness.  Again, if you are interested in learning more about the results of our work I posted a YouTube video called Happiness in 2019."

"So in closing to borrow a line from an old movie called Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventures... 'Be excellent to each other.  And party on dudes!'  Thank you."  The audience applauded as last year's young Pioneers walked to the back and sat down.

Elon came to the podium.  "Now I'd like bring up this year's new young Pioneers."  Millie, Beverly, Hope, Brooklyn, and Mallory came to the podium as Elon took a seat. They had masks and voice modifiers to protect their identities.  Millie took the microphone.  "Hi again.  Let me tell you a little more about myself.  As you have already seen, I have some extraordinary powers.  I can do things like touch you and vent all your fears and sorrows.  I can make you feel good.  I can take away your strength.  I'm a magician with electricity.  Just by thinking about it, sometimes I can make things move.   I can read your mind and many other things that normal people can't do.  But when you watch the video about me please remember I'm one hundred percent human.  I just have some very interesting genetic characteristics that you don't have.  In other words in the future, like I was made, you'll have the ability to design your child's characteristics.   You will be able make babies like me.  But this ability brings us into an ethical, moral, and safety problem."  She directed the audience and cameras to an area of the park with no people.  On a platform was a boulder.  "See that boulder over there?  I'll run a thin bead of blue light to show you where it is.  See it now?"  She waited for most of the audience to respond and the camera to be focused on the huge rock.  Millie raised her arm and pointed to the boulder.  In a second a large bright burst of light came from Millie's hand along with a giant thundering sound.  The boulder was blown into tiny bits.  The crowd gasped.  She walked to the front of the stage. "Believe me, you wouldn't want just anybody to have this power.  So I'd recommend we do further research about how to make good caring babies who won't harm a flea before we bestow them with powers like this.  Think about it and please leave your comments on my YouTube channel called Blue Light.  Thanks."  Millie walked back to the podium and handed the mic to Beverly.

"Hello."  The audience responded "Hello".  "Being born and raised on the west coast I feel a strong connection to the ocean and mother nature.  I'm happiest when I'm out there gliding through that beautiful bluish green liquid.  The ocean is very important to me.  I don't want it to be a trash dump.  We cannot allow it to be polluted.  So we need to take steps to clean it.   To make our beautiful oceans pristine again."

"Almost all of us for one reason or another don't go out on the ocean.  We don't see the pollution.  So we don't realize how serious the problem really is.  I believe that collectively it's our responsibility to take care of it.  To fix it.  We are the stewards of mother earth and it's our duty.  In addition to solid waste being dumped, for decades billionaires have been dumping pollutants into the air.  Did you know air pollution particulates eventually enter our oceans via rain water?  Rivers and streams carrying toxins eventually empty into the oceans."

"And it wasn't only businesses that polluted.  Many governments used to dump garbage out to sea.  Many drums with highly toxic waste have been dumped to the bottom of the ocean.  It was the super rich's and lazy government's mindset of kicking the can down the road to let somebody else worry about it later.  It was all about cutting costs to make more profits.  That's absurd.  Right now there are piles of trash floating on the ocean that in some places stretch for many miles.  It's all kinds of trash and it's hurting and even killing our ocean creatures.  This has to be stopped.  It must be stopped."

"I wanted to make a contribution to the effort so I designed machinery to collect the floating trash, grind it up and break it down for us to recycle.  We've done it on a very small scale, and it works.  The original Pioneers are now going help me.  We're going to use my plans to build very large ships like oil tankers to go out and begin picking up the mess.  The recycling will bring in enough to make it worthwhile, not in monetary profits, but in our ability to make products with little extra energy spent.  Next year, with the help of a new young Pioneer coming up, we will use a different kind of free clean energy source to power the machinery and ships.  But getting rid of the floating mess isn't enough.  The water has to be cleaned.  With that understood, I designed a massive vacuum cleaner like device which will be constructed next to the desalination plants on our coastline.  My vacuum will move over 100 billion gallons of ocean water each day through a series of filtration stages.  The filters will capture most of the pollutants and we will recycle the particulates pulled out."

"Many harmful elements are dissolved in ocean water.  They are not held in suspension, they actually combine with the atoms in the water to make different molecules.  To break these chemicals into separate components I created a trillion volt charge with low amperage which the water will flow across.  For a few moments the water goes crazy ionizing into pieces.  Molecules are thrown apart and recombined.  During this process much of the heavier and lighter molecules are extracted and placed on the side for recycling.  The whole process is very complicated and I don't want to put you to sleep so I'll stop there.  But the result is good clean ocean water with the proper ocean salt content like it was thousands of years ago.  This plant will also provide cleaned water for the desalination plants."  She left the podium and walked to the edge of the stage.  "I've done several other things to clean up water, but my proudest invention is neutralizing nuclear radiation.  All over the world there are places that have nuclear waste seeping into the water tables.  This is completely unacceptable.  So after six months of concentrated research I discovered a way to have radioactive materials become stabilized by combining them with certain other materials under certain conditions and employing certain rare earth metallic catalysts to make it happen."  She laughed "The way I saw it was these radioactive materials were like creatures.  They were just looking for someone to get together with.  Everything in the universe seeks harmony and balance.  Radioactivity is simply a gross form of imbalance.  You can go on YouTube and watch my video that explains everything.  It's called Clean Ocean Water for a Better Tomorrow.  My next project will be figuring out an easy way to locate all those toxic barrels at the bottom of the ocean as well as other junk and get them out of there.  Now it's time to have the next new Pioneer speak to you.  Thank you."  The audience applauded as Beverly walked back to the podium and gave the microphone to Hope.  

"Hi everybody."  Hope took a deep breath and looked around.  "They told me this is being broadcast all over the world."  She was walking. "To over seven billion people.  Wow."  She stopped and whispered "That's a lot of people."  The audience laughed.  She walked to the edge of the stage and looked down at the first few rows. "Did you know that's a lot of people?"  She nodded her head up and down. "You're right.  It's hard to imagine how much 7 billion is."  Hope looked into the audience and said "And did you know almost three hundred million people are visually impaired?  And over forty million are blind."  She walked around some more. "Let's see... the populations of Los Angeles, New York City, Chicago, Boston, Miami, and DC combined is still less than forty million.  So think of it... forty million people on earth are blind."  She stopped.  "A few years ago I wanted to make a device that would enable me to see in the dark.  And I'm not talking about the green light see in the dark thing.  I mean full color daytime see in the dark."  She began walking again. "After a year of research and experimentation I created contact lenses that enabled sighted people to see in the dark.  Amazing, huh?"  As part of my research I completely mapped the process that occurs in the brain from the optics to sensory receptors capturing light waves all the way to actual cognitive visualization.  From the eyes to what the brain sees.  God, you wouldn't believe how complicated it is.  It's mind blowing.  So in understanding how the process worked I had to be able to completely understand what initiates the nerve response at the cones and rods then physically trace point to point the electrical flow.  I had some blind people offer themselves for my research.  I was able to see where breaks or weak spots occurred. Then I found ways to repair the breaks.  With the advancements in today's ray therapy and also using nanobots, I can repair damaged dendrites just a few molecules thick.  I can have the body repair the eye structure and accentuate or amplify the action of the rods and cones.  So making a long story short, my work has found the cure for blindness as well as all other forms of visual impairment that current methods of vision surgery can't fix."  The audience applauded.

She quickly waved them down. "So to summarize it, my research included analysis of the eye and then the electrical movement of the message then finally what the mind perceives."  "But, you know hearing is a sensory process too, right?  Sound is almost the same as light.  It's just different wave lengths, and different sensory receptors.  So once I conquered the vision thing it was relatively simple to find the cure for deafness."  She walked back to the podium "There's a video I put up on YouTube called 'The Gift of Vision and Hearing' which explains my work in detail.  And amazingly I was able to build into my contacts a hearing aid to see and hear all known waves.   I'm still working on refining it, but for instance if there is an unacceptable level of solar radiation hitting the earth, the contacts will alert you via a message and visual images unique to the wave lengths.

What I didn't tell you in this video is what I discovered concerning the brain and the mind.  To me the brain is that big mass of nerve cells with ten to twenty watts of electricity moving inside.  And to my amazement I actually found what I would call a mind.  It's the electricity running both inside and outside the nerve cells.  A lot of it functions outside the physicality of the cells.  See what I'm saying... the mind is actually there and it's alive with electricity and it resides inside the head and from what I can see so far it resides inside all of the body.  Actually for years we've had special cameras that can record an electric aura extending outside the human body.  To me that's kind of creepy.  But it's true.  So with the help from one of last year's young Pioneers we are going to work to find out what it is in detail.  Who knows, we may actually find the human soul and it may be pure energy encased in a body.  Thank you for listening."  As Hope was returning the mic the crowd stood up and applauded.  Next came Brooklyn.

"Hi.  You hanging in there?"  The crowd said yes.  "There's just me plus one more.  We really appreciate your patience.  We're trying to get through this as quickly as possible.  So to start off, you can view my story on YouTube.  It's a video called Perpetual Power.  Well it's not quite perpetual, but almost."  She reached down in back of the podium and pulled out a box and carried it to the front of the stage and asked the camera guy to come in for a close up.  The box was a cube measuring two feet across.  Brooklyn opened it. "I've had this running for about an hour.  See inside."  The camera came in closer. "This on your left is a small radioactive element encased in a shell to keep the radiation in.  The waves it's emitting go through some special crystals and into this small chamber.  See it?...  Ok.  It's an amplification chamber.  The waves become cleaner and more defined as they are moving in unison or in the same frequency like the waves of a laser.  Then right here the waves hit a hundred concentrators then together they strike this container of liquid.  The liquid expands into a gas.  The gas blows through this turbine that turns this tiny generator.  See?  Then that gas runs through this radiator and it condenses into a liquid again.  The liquid goes back into this reservoir and the process starts all over.  Cool, huh?"  A group of guys from the back of the stage came rushing up pushing several carts with electric devices and a desk and a chair.  They set them up next to Brooklyn.  There was a large neon light, an air conditioning unit, a laptop, a television, a microwave, and an electric can opener.  They ran several extension cords from the devices and plugged them in the side of the box.  A guy turned on the light and the air conditioner, opened a can of soup and poured it into a bowl.  He put the bowl into the microwave and set it for three minutes.  She turned on the computer and the TV and sat down in a chair facing the audience with a cool breeze blowing in her face.  She said "This small box generates enough electricity to run everything you see.  The microwave pinged.  Jim took the soup out and sat it in front of Brooklyn.  She picked up a spoon and took a sip.  Mmm... good!   I have this sixty inch TV working as a computer monitor.  Hey look, it's me on TV!"  The audience laughed.  She stood and thanked the guys as they quickly unplugged everything, put them on the carts and ran them back.  While they were doing that she said "Guess what?"  She looked around. "Amazingly, this little box creates enough electricity to power a large home.  The radioactivity makes it very dangerous but we're looking at ways to make it innocuous.  In other words if the protective container is opened, something will immediately be done to neutralize the radioactivity.  I'm also working on some other things, so please watch my video called Perpetual Power.  Thank you."  The crowd stood and applauded as Brooklyn handed the mic to Mallory.

Mallory walked to the front.  "I'm the final person.  Wow, I'll bet you thought it would never end!  I know what you were thinking, like my butt's going to sleep, or geeze I wish they would hurry up... I've gotta pee!"  She smiled. "So let's quickly end this."

"I want to live on the bottom of the ocean.  Not all the time, but maybe some of the time.  It's beautiful down there, so why not.  To accomplish that end I had to design over a hundred things which would allow it.  For example, I created a super strong super lightweight waterproof material that doesn't degrade over time.  It's used for all structures including my submarines.  I don't like the thought sharks and other creatures eating me so I developed this little device I put on my arm that keeps them away.  And if a creature does get their mouth on me, I developed material that becomes steel hard when pressure is applied then as soon as the pressure is released it gets soft and pliable again.  I want to use those boxes you just saw to create the energy we need for lighting and heating, and to create oxygen by separating the atoms of water into its component parts using electricity.  People have to eat down there so I developed these small hydroponic pods that will grow enough food to feed a family.  Each pod is only 16 feet by 16 feet.  The secret is the vertical plant growth of up to twelve feet and the growth catalysts I have in the hydroponic solution."

Mallory walked to the front and took an exaggerated deep breath.  "Aaaaah.  Air!  Gotta have oxygen in our mitochondria to convert sugars to spin off electrons.  These electrons are what keep us alive.  Our lungs take in air and the air is added to our blood.  Easy.  But we can't breathe in water to oxygenate our blood.   So for swimming deep in the ocean, I had to create artificial gills or micro factories that take the water and separate oxygen from hydrogen.  Then the device quickly shoots the oxygen into the lungs at the proper level.  The blood oxygen percent is constantly monitored to ensure the human body doesn't become over oxygenated.  See on land we breathe air that is 21% oxygen.  The rest is nitrogen which is an inert gas.  It acts as a buffer to keep the oxygen down to the proper levels.  In the ocean I can't make nitrogen so I did a work around.  And as a bonus, without the nitrogen a person won't get the bends.  I also developed clothing that will protect you from both the cold and the heat.  It's thin and fits snugly to the skin and can be used as an undergarment.  And I also created powerful long lasting batteries of various sizes.  From the size of a grain of sand to as big as a car.  My batteries will last about 200 times longer per charge than current ones.  And I estimate they are rechargeable up to ten thousand times."  She looked around and said "Well that's it.  Thanks for listening and be sure to watch my video called 'Living in the Ocean'.  Thank you.  Bye."  The girls then went back and sat down as the crowd was cheering.

Elon walked to the podium.  "These new young Pioneers really appreciate your applause."  Now I'd like to ask all five of you to come forward and officially receive your designation."  The other Pioneers came up and stood to the side of the five girls.  Elon gave each one a medal, a gold plaque, and then a hug.  The recipients walked down the line of Pioneers who gave each one a hug, verbal encouragement, and thanks.  At the end of the line were last year's young Pioneers.  Lupe had a cart next to her containing five gun belts with holsters.  Twenty four bullets were tucked in the loops on each belt and a genuine factory engraved Colt .45 Peacemaker with stag deer horn pistol grips was in each holster.  As each girl came up to shake hands, Lupe slung a belt over their shoulder.  Stamped on the back middle of the belt was the word Bandida.  The holsters also had Bandida artfully stamped in beautiful detail.  Lupe and the rest of the girls gave them huge hugs.  The new inductees then stood at the end of the line and all of the Pioneers together bowed and waved to the audience.  The crowd wouldn't stop cheering. 
   
Elon eventually came to the microphone, looked at the cheering crowd and waved everyone to quiet then said "Thank you very much for coming here today and thank all of you at home for tuning in.  This now ends today's ceremony.  And remember the People's Monument and Museum will be open at seven tomorrow morning and the new young Pioneer exhibits will be ready for viewing.  God bless you.  Please be careful and stay safe on your travels back home."  After some minutes of more applause the building began clearing out.

Security quickly escorted the honored guests out of the building and into choppers on the other side from where the crowd was exiting.  The girls split up and jumped into two birds.  Lupe was flying one and Nellie the other.  Beverly said "Wow this was a long day".  Lupe agreed. "Why don't we go back and relax in the pool."  Nellie sitting in the other chopper turned to Brooklyn and said "I'll bet Lupe is complaining about how tired she is and how she wants to float out on the pool."  Connie sitting as copilot said "Do you take energy pills or something?  Because I'm tired, too."  Nellie smiled. "I'm in good shape cause I've been working out hard for the last two weeks."

General Steele alerted the pilots to get ready.  Nellie looked at her passengers. "Make sure your belts are buckled."  After everybody was accounted for, General Steele gave the command to lift off.  One by one the Blackhawks entered the sky to join the Apaches.  In a few minutes they were in formation and traveling to the B&B.  They arrived in 10 minutes without any problems.  The doors opened and the bandidas walked together back to their rooms, changed into their swimsuits and laid out on the water.  The girls ordered pizza to have available by poolside.  Lots of talking about the future.  At nine they headed to bed after a long day.  But before hitting the sack they secretly decided have some fun the next morning.

The B&B has a penthouse suite with five king size beds and five full bathrooms.  Lupe secured the suite for the rest of their stay so they could all crash together.  Jacob's mom was sick and couldn't attend the ceremony.  Immediately after Jacob returned to the B&B he took his mom to White Sands to do a full diagnosis.

The escape
7:00am, Sunday June 2, 2019.  Lupe was first up.  Her future sister was again sleeping next to her upside down on the bed.  Lupe moved down to Summer's face.  She whispered in her ear "Hey Summer, why don't you go to sleep with your head at my feet?  Then when I wake up in the morning you'll be flipped around and your feet won't be in my face."  "Huh?  What?  Is that you Lupe?  What do you want?"  Lupe moved back to the head of the bed and started tickling Summer's feet.  "Guchee guchee goo."  "Stop it."  So Lupe's ritual of waking everybody commenced.  In ten minutes they were all up, showering, and getting dressed.  

By 7:30 they were ready to go.  Brooklyn asked "Are you sure we can do this?"  Lupe smiled "The People have given us top military authority.  They trust us.  We'll simply get into a van and drive away.  We don't have our licenses yet, so Bannister will do the driving.  Right, Ban?"  "You got it big L."  Lupe asked "Well, are you guys ready to break out of here?  Then let's do it!"  Stepping out of the elevator they pretended to be heading to the restaurant for breakfast.  They tiptoe snuck into the parking lot slinking around cars giggling as they looked for an acceptable ride.  Something big enough but not flashy.  Lupe opened the door to an eighteen passenger Chevy van. "How's this one?  The windows are tinted so you can't see in and it's plain white like the tourist vans in DC."  They quickly got in.  Mallory said "This is really exciting.  We're actually busting out of this place!"  Tracy said "Ok y'all, just remember you're still super strong so don't hurt anybody."  Bannister started the van and began driving to the gate.  She stopped at the guard booth.  Lupe showed him her ID. "Good morning.  We're going out for a while and plan to be back before dark.  John, the guard said "I need to get approval."  He started calling.  Lupe said "Sgt. Johns, please present your military ID and shake my hand while holding it near my wrist."   Johns immediately stopped and went through the process.  She ordered him to "Stay silent."  He said "Yes ma'am.  It's an honor to meet you ma'am."  He directed the other guards to lift the gate bar and allow them to pass between the Jersey barriers.  Bannister slowly drove the getaway car out of the compound.  The newbies cautiously looked at the guards through the dark tinted glass.  When they hit the street they turned to each other and screamed "We're free, we're free, we're free!  Brooklyn grabbed Lupe by the shoulders and hugged her saying "Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  You're my BFF.  We were literally dying in there."  I can see clearly now was playing on the radio.  The girls sang along, enjoying the moment.

Lupe loved the accolades.  But she had to get down to business.  She pulled her tablet out. "The drones are positioned and everything looks good."  Tracy opened her backpack, passed out small devices the size of a credit card only a little thicker.  "Guys, for those who don't know yet, these are intelligent laser weapons.  This is how they work......  Put them in your front pocket just in case."  Lupe said "Millie and Molly, you got your telepathy going?"  "Yes."  "Great, we're set."  Lupe didn't tell the group she told Cletus about the outing.  She ordered him to stay completely out of sight with the minimum amount of agents.  He didn't like the order, but there wasn't much he could do.  

Bannister asked "Ok guys, where to for breakfast?  Brooklyn checked her cell. "I see an Ihop a couple miles from here."  Lupe asked "Who's up for Ihop?"  Nellie and Millie wanted apple waffles.  Lupe called ahead for a group of fifteen.  It was a one hour wait.  Unacceptable.  So the girls called around until they found a place that would take them immediately.  It was a dive fifteen minutes away.  Easy choice.   The name is Tellez Tamale Factory.  

When Bannister pulled into the parking lot she asked "Think we should do this?  It's a little scary around here."  It was an old brick warehouse painted bright red, yellow, and green.  Lupe said "Sure, I'm hungry."  As they were walking up Mexican music was playing on outdoor speakers to enhance the mood.  Near the entrance under an awning were ten 1950s style metal tables with chairs painted bright yellow.  Parked next to the tables were two low riders the managers drive to work every day.  One was a dark metallic green and silver 1946 Pontiac.  The other was a burgundy 1947 Chevy Fleetline.  There were posters taped to the building windows advertising mariachi groups.  When Lupe opened the door the aroma of tamale factory mixed with menudo, barbacoa, jalapeños, and other pleasant smells greeted them.  Once inside, off to the right was a huge window separating the factory from the dining area.  Employee/owners were hard at work making tamales, tortillas, and various types of bunuelos sprinkled with cinnamon and sugar.  In front was the cafeteria line.  Customers had an incredible choice of goodies like chilaquiles, machacado con huevo, huevos con chorizo, huevos a la mexicana, migass, tamales, nopales, carnitas, menudo, sliced ham, bacon, Spanish rice, refried beans, and hash browns.  And if you like sweets there were pancakes, waffles, and cake-like bunuelos served with butter and syrup.  

After the girls loaded up sat down and said grace, Tracy opened with "So what do you guys want to do today?"  Brooklyn said "It's Sunday so we're kind of limited because all the museums and anything government is closed."  Lupe smiled. "You're forgetting you're a Bandida."  Beverly said "You're saying if we ask real nice somebody will open a museum just for us?"  Lupe said "Maybe.  I say that because I really want to go to the National Archives and see the Declaration of Independence, the Bill of Rights, and the Peoples' Amendment to the Constitution.  It's very important to me, so I texted the Secret Service to have some agents meet us there with a person who can show us around."   Mallory said "OMG, will they take us back to that prison?"  Lupe said "Of course not.  You forget we have authority over all US military forces."

Hope said "I want to see the document that gave Alaskan lands to the Eskimos.  It's called the Indigenous Peoples Protection Act."  Molly said "I want to see the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that finally gave Native Americans the right to vote."

Lupe smiled. "So if it's ok with you guys we'll go there first."  Nellie spoke up. "After that can we go to the Smithsonian and see the aircraft?"  Lupe said "Sure, if it's ok with everyone else."  Tracy said "Nellie, you saved us from being killed last month.  The least we can do is let you see some aircraft."   Bev asked "Nellie saved your lives last month?"  Tracy said "She was flying us in a private jet when we were attacked.  She took out a missile using her dad's satellite over New Mexico and she had Uncle Elon take out a high tech jet coming straight at us."  Molly saw fear all over the newbies faces. "It's ok guys.  Don't be afraid.  You're safer with us than anywhere on earth.  Ok?"  Nellie smiled "You got that right!  This waffle or whatever you call it is really good.  Could you please pass the blueberry syrup?"  Mallory said "But you're so casual about it."  Tracy laughed "Remember what Elon said at the ceremony?  We have to be easy going and make life fun.  You'll catch on."

Beverly asked "Lupe, you called this menudo, right?  I've heard of it but this is the first time I've had some.  It tastes different.  I like it.  What did you say this meat was again?"  Lupe smiled "I didn't."  Connie said "It's cow stomach cooked to perfection with hominy and lots of delicious spices.  See here, you sprinkle on some fresh oregano, a little chopped onion, and a squeeze of lime."  Bev took another bite looked up and smiled "Es sabroso!"  Lupe laughed. "You've been holding out on us girl.  We didn't know you knew Spanish."  Beverly said "I picked it up working with the pescadores on dad's boat."  Lupe asked Natasha "Natasha, how do you say fisherman in Russian?"  She replied "eduba.  If any of you are ever interested I'll teach you some Russian.  I'm also fluent in Mandarin, Mongol Khalkha, and Korean."  Lupe said "You forgot one.  You speak physics better than anyone else I know."  "You're just complementing me because we have a special project coming up next week.  Millie, would you please pass the milk.  I need more for my cafe con leche."

On the way out Lupe picked up several dozen tamales and a big box of bunuelos for the guys they were meeting at the National Archives.  Sunday traffic was light.  On the way they drove by the Capitol building.  It's now being used as a learning center for special needs children.  Bannister easily found the National Archives and parked next to the entrance.  Molly said "There they are.  They look a little miffed."  Lupe said "I'm sure these tamales will put a smile on their faces."  Walking up the steps, Tracy said "Hey guys, got some of the best tamales in town for you."  One of the agents named Humberto said "Tellez Tamale Factory.  Haven't had one of their tamals in over a year.  It's in a bad part of town.  You didn't have any problems?"  "We were just fine.  On one side of us was this group of twenty year old guys all crudo (hung over) eating some menudo to shake it off.  On the other side were several families just out of church.  Their little girls were wearing the most precious Sunday dresses."   Humberto said "And bunuelos!..."  He opened the box to donut style bunuelos covered with cinnamon and powdered sugar.  The agents acted like little kids in a candy shop thanking Lupe for the goodies.  Lupe said "And this must be the lady who is going to show us around?"  Humberto said "I'm sorry, this is Jackie.  She's the great grandchild of President John Kennedy.  Lupe said it's an honor to meet you.  Jackie said "Please come in.  I'm sorry, what did you say your name was?  Lupe said "I didn't.  We'd prefer you not know our names.  We even shut down your cameras.  It's a national security thing.  Hope you understand."  She recognized Summer "I believe I do."  What would you like to see first?"

As they were going downstairs to see the Declaration of Independence and other documents Millie said to Lupe "What you said told her who we are, dummy."  "Lupe said "Since she went out of her way to be here today, I thought the least we could do is let her know who we are.  Don't you think?  And besides she recognized Summer."  Millie put her hand on Lupe. "And when we leave you want me to erase her memory of who we are?"  "Correctamundo."   Millie said "So why be cryptic about it.  Just tell her about everybody.  She already suspects it."  Lupe stopped the group deep in the bowels of the Archive.  "Jackie."  "Yes?"  "I'd like to introduce myself.  My name is Lupe.  I'm the girl who invented Blinking.  Let me introduce you to the other young Pioneers.  This is super strength Tracy, read your mind Molly, X-Girl Millie, clean up the ocean Beverly, cure the blind Hope, perpetual energy Brooklyn, live in the ocean Mallory, and you recognized our happiness guru Summer.  Jacob Jackson couldn't be here because his mom is under the weather.  We read your mind and you already suspected who we were."  Jackie smiled. "Of course I know who you girls are.  There's Secret Service everywhere.  It's an honor to meet all of you."  Lupe continued "And this is Bannister.  She makes sure our paperwork is in order at our research facility.  And this is Natasha.  She assists me with understanding temporal/energy events.  And these are the best friends a girl could ever have... Connie, Sophia, and Nellie.  They are Norma Corona and Larry Page's children."  She shook everyone's hand and then hugged Lupe.  Jackie's eyes began tearing up. "This is the greatest moment of my life.  I never in my wildest dreams thought I would have this opportunity.  I live every day in this lifeless world of documents.  Now I've been blessed with the presence of some of the most important people in history.  This is incredible.  Thank you for coming.  You've reinvigorated my spirit."  Lupe said "It comes with a catch.  When we leave Millie is going to erase your memory of us being here today."  Jackie said "I understand."  She excitedly said "Let's go see the Declaration first."  Jackie took them to a large room that looked more like a giant bank vault.  She showed them the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and all the amendments that followed including the final one...  the People's Amendment.  Jackie carefully brought it out.  Lupe said "This is it guys.  The Holy Grail.  Don't nobody touch it."  A robotic arm carefully flipped through each large parchment sheet.  Lupe whispered "I didn't realize there were so many pages."  The arm came to the final page. "Look down here at the bottom.  See.  This chip has the electronic signatures and the actual signatures of every US citizen who voted for its passage.  And if an EMP ever takes it out, then this piece of micro etched silica next to it contains the same information plus the text of the Amendment."  Standing in awe they paused for a moment of quiet reverence.  

Lupe's eyes lit up.  She took her cell phone out and called Artis Leon Ivey Jr., otherwise known as Coolio.  "Hello Artis, this is Lupe.  How you doin?"  "Lupe!  Great to hear from you.  You want me to pop somebody?  Just kidding.  Are you callin to tell me you're singin my song again?"  "Yep.  Guess where?"  "Where?"  "I'm standing in front of the actual Peoples' Amendment to the Constitution of the United States of America.  The actual document!  And I thought of you."  "Girl, don't be callin people and tellin em where you at."  "Only you, Coolio."  "Good."  "Coolio... there's no more homeless people.  No more barrios and projects that housed people like rats who were kept down by billionaires with no way out."  "I know, baby."  "But it's real.  It actually happened.  And this beautiful document signed by the People made it happen."  "Just keep it that way, Lupe."  "So you ready to hear us sing?"  "Go ahead, girl.  It would be an honor."  Lupe looked at Molly "You have Gangsta's Paradise on your MP4?"  Molly smiled "Of course.  Let's do it!"  She flipped it on and the girls who knew the song started singing, waving their arms moving to the music.  Lupe cherishes this song.  Like she told Coolio, it reminds her the shit's over now.  No more being shoved into a hole with no way out.  Especially for women and people of color.  And this beautiful document in front of them officially memorializes the bright new future of America.  

Here's the song and the lyrics so you can follow along:
As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I take a look at my life and realize there's none left;
'Cause I've been brassin' and laughing so long that, Even my mama thinks that my mind is gone;
But I ain't never crossed a man that didn't deserve it, Me be treated like a punk, you know that's unheard of;
You better watch how you talking, and where you walking, Or you and your homies might be lined in chalk;
I really hate to trip but I gotta lope, As they croak I see myself in the pistol smoke, fool;
I'm the kinda G that little homies want to be like, On my knees in the night, saying prayers in the street light.

They been spending most their lives living in the gangsta's paradise, They been spending most their lives living in the gangsta's paradise;
We keep spending most our lives living in the gangsta's paradise, We keep spending most our lives living in the gangsta's paradise.

They got the situation, they got me facing, I can't live a normal life, I was raised by the strip;
So I gotta be down with the hood team, Too much television watching got me chasing dreams;
I'm a educated fool with money on my mind, Got my ten in my hand and a gleam in my eye;
I'm a loped out gangsta set trippin banger, And my homies is down so gonna rouse my anger, fool;
Death ain't nothing but a heartbeat away, I'm living life do or die, what can I say;
I'm twenty three never will I live to see 24. The way things is going I don't know;
Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me.

Refrain...

Power and the money, money and the power, Minute after minute, hour after hour;
Everybody's running, but half of them ain't looking at what's going on in the kitchen, but I don't know what's cooking;
They say I've got to learn but nobody's here to teach me, If they can't understand it, how can they reach me;
I guess they can't, I guess they won't, I guess they front, That's why I know my life is out of luck, fool.

Refrain... 

Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me;
Tell me why are we so blind to see, That the ones we hurt are you and me.

Lupe was very emotional. "Thanks for the anthem for the poor and destitute, Artis.  And don't worry, I'll make sure we never go there again.  Check you later and keep your cholesterol down and keep exercising."  "I'm trying.  The doctor said I still need to lose twenty pounds."  "Keep it up, brother.  And listen, if you have any kind of medical emergency you call me and we'll be there in seconds.  You have my number.  Ok?"  There was a brief silence as he was collecting himself.  "That means more to me than you know.  God bless you girl and stay safe."  "You too Artis.  I love you brother.  Bye."  

After Lupe ended the call she looked at Jackie and took out a rolled up sheet of paper.  "Jackie, if you don't mind I'd like to have this placed here to remind the People how it was for me before the Big Change.  I wrote down on this page several lines taken from my childhood diary.  When I was homeless.  I want the People to know it came from the girl who figured out how to move people to distant planets in a matter of moments."  Jackie said "Of course.  It would be an honor.  Let's seal it up right now and I'll attach a cover page and sign it for authentication.  If you don't mind I'll read it and you can tell me if there are any changes you'd like to make."  "Sure." 

Taken from my childhood diary:
...My dad is very sad.  He named me Guadalupe after the Virgin Mary.  He said she would always watch over me.  But today I don't have a home.  It's so embarrassing I just want to be by myself.  The other kids at school look at me and think I'm dirt.  A sickness they want to avoid.  But I'm just homeless, not heartless like they are.  Dad lost a good job when his factory was shipped overseas.  It hit us real hard.  I've seen him on his knees praying to God for help.  But all I really see is the devil pushing us down.   No hope for tomorrow.   All the crying is over and we're just numb not knowing where to go or what to do.  

...Mom was always spoiled.  She doesn't know how to handle this.  She's talking about leaving.  Alone back to her mom.  

...We're living in a cheap motel now.  Dad won't eat.  He's low on money.  He says I'm the sparkle in his life.  He promises better days.  

...Three weeks have gone by and we have no money for a motel room.  

...We've been living on the streets for too long.  I'm always hungry.  But today Papi found us a shelter where we can stay.  It's me and him against the world now.  We've got 60 days, then we're out.  It's overcrowded in here.  All the jobs must be going overseas.  Dad's doing handyman work, pulling in just enough money to show he's trying.  I'm wearing old donated clothes that don't fit me.  I live with strangers looking for their way out.  God, how did we get here?  I don't know what to do.

...Three months have gone by and we're still struggling.  Hard to apply for a job with no address or phone number.  Dad says we have to keep a positive attitude.  He wants to move to Texas to get a better job.  But there's no money for travel.  I wonder how mom is doing.  Child protective services just visited dad.  He's got to do better to keep me.  He needs me and I need him!  I don't want to be alone with strangers.

...It's been over a year since I lost my home.  The police just came over to my foster parent's house and told them.  I heard one say his name.  I know what it is, but they won't tell me. 

Te quero, Papi...  I hope you're in a better place now.  I swear to God I'll have my revenge against those people who made us homeless!"   

Jackie said "You signed it at the bottom as 'Guadalupe, the girl who invented Blinking'."

Jackie with tears in her eyes said "You were just a little girl when that happened.  I'm so sorry...  Please make sure and have the Secret Service tell me tomorrow morning to keep this document for display.  I'll write a note to myself right now to compose a suitable preamble so the public will understand how grateful you are for their Amendment."   Lupe hugged her. "Thanks Jackie.  When you're finished let's move on.  We have some more important documents to see before we book this place."

Bev, Brook, Hope, and Mal were very moved.  Bev said "You briefly mentioned it yesterday, but we really didn't understand."  Lupe said "It was many years ago.  I'm fine now.  I just don't want America to slip back into the hole we were in.  Maybe this document signed by me will help."

Later as the group was walking through an area with desks and tables Millie asked Jackie "Has anyone stolen documents from here?"  "Over the years before the BC, thousands of papers were stolen.  Security was inadequate."  Lupe added "There was one thief who stood out above the rest.  His name was Sandy Berger.  He was the national security advisor to President Bill Clinton."

Millie said "And he stole secret documents that showed the careless way Bill Clinton handled Al Qaeda threats to the U.S. homeland.   Security recommendations were made but were never implemented.  The next President, George W. Bush, was also made aware of the problem and he didn't do anything.  Then the twin towers were destroyed.  We had the information; they just didn't do anything to stop them.  And those documents that Sandy Berger stole described it all.  He was sent out to remove the evidence because there was going to be a Congressional hearing and both Presidents didn't want Congress or the American public to see the damning reports.  And then later after the Big Change we found out that it was George Bush and several generals who orchestrated the bombing of the Twin Towers.  They were executed.  And all their family's wealth was stripped away.  Their progeny are now working hoeing fields in Arizona."

Lupe said "You little stinker.  You didn't have to read my mind.  I could have said it."  Lupe put her arm around Millie and pinched her cheek, aye que chulo, este chiquita (you're just so cute).  Millie smiled and did a little zap to Lupe's ribs. (dzzzzt)  Then she ran away laughing.  "I'll get you later you little squirt."  Lupe turned and continued "Millie didn't mention what happened to Sandy.  He went to jail and died in December, 2015.  And all his wealth was stripped away, too.  Standing a safe forty feet away Millie added "The most troubling thing is we believe the Presidents did nothing because the military/industrial complex wanted us to enter a war in the Middle East so they could make more money.  So they killed Americans to create a false war."

As the girls proceeded through the archives they saw "President Andrew Jackson's 1830 'Message to Congress On Indian Removal' which brought about the Trail of Tears for the Cherokee Nation where thousands died during a forced march from Georgia to Oklahoma, the Supreme Court's Dred Scott decision of 1857 saying slaves were not citizens of the US, the Emancipation Proclamation of 1863, and the Gettysburg Address of 1863.  Molly made it a point to see the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  Hope saw the Indigenous Peoples Protection Act where most of the Alaskan lands were given back to the Eskimos.  Non-natives living in Alaska have to pay rent now.  The same is true for Hawaii.  Lupe and Molly actually touched the document that created the Peoples' government in Mexico.  A half million bilingual soldiers and the same amount of bilingual business professionals went down into Mexico to make it a free country just like the US.  After a couple hours the group was tired so they decided to leave and maybe pick up where they left off another day.

They thanked Jackie for taking time out on a Sunday to show them around.  Jackie hugged everybody.  Lupe was the last one hugged.  She looked up at Lupe's eyes. "I'm holding the most important person in human history.  This is truly an honor.  Come back anytime.  Same for all of you.  Anytime day or night."  Lupe said "Thanks for the complement Jackie, but I'm kind of more a humanist who really empathizes with the downtrodden in society.  I think the most important people in history were those like Mahatma Gandhi and Dr. King."

"I promise you we will come back again.  Millie are you ready?  Jackie are you ready?"  "Yes."  Millie reached up and touched Jackie's head and said "Relax and go into a deep sleep.  You had a wonderful time today.  After we leave and drive away, any and all stress you have will vent out of your body.  You will feel refreshed and happy.  You will remember you came to show some high school students the archives because their bus broke down yesterday so you opened the doors just for them as a gesture of goodwill.  You don't remember their faces or their names or what transpired, but you did have a great time.  When I clap my hands you will wake up."  Millie clapped her hands.  Jackie opened her eyes.  "Did you do it?  I still remember everything."  Millie said "Don't worry, you'll forget after we leave."  Jackie slowly walked them out, said goodbye again and waved to the girls as they drove away. "I had such a good time.  Where were they from again?  Oh, it doesn't matter.  I feel so good!  I think I'll lock up then take my hubby out to see a movie."

It was 11:00am.  Lupe suggested after the museum visit they go bowling and eat pizza, but to do that they needed to make reservations right now.  They agreed on three o'clock.  Lupe called Cletus to make sure it happened.  She wanted something close by.  Cletus reserved two lanes at the Fort Myer Bowling Center just across the Potomac.  He will also deliver fifty pizzas from the best pizzeria in the area.  Lupe wanted to share with everybody in the alley.

Nellie was full of anticipation. "Guys, the National Air and Space museum is only a few blocks from here!"  Bannister said "Yes I see it on my GPS."  Lupe's mind lit up as they were pulling into the parking lot.  She turned to Molly. "Should we?"  Molly read her mind. "Why not.  The People would love it."  "But how are we going to do it?"  "Couldn't Tang give us an old junked spacecraft?  Millie could fry all the electronics to stop any reverse engineering.  They could remove the engines over there."  Lupe said "It won't hurt to at least ask, right?"

Sitting in the parked van, Lupe called Cletus to get coordinates of an open area to place a large object in the museum.  While she was waiting for a reply Brooklyn hesitantly asked "What are we doing?"  Lupe said "We're going on a little trip."  Cletus called back with the information.  She thanked him.  Beverly spoke up "Where are you taking us?  Are we going to Blink?  I don't know if I want to do that."  Lupe said "You never know what you can accomplish unless you engage the world a little bit, in this case it's another world, but you see my point, right?  All you newbies are now part of something bigger than yourself."  Mallory snickered. "Why don't you just tell the truth.  Tell us to stop being such sissies."  "It did cross my mind."   Lupe continued "We're going to Kepler 186f, and it's perfectly safe.  So let's make sure everyone is holding hands especially Beverly, Brooklyn, Hope, and Mallory.  Don't touch the van with your skin.  Ok?  Let's do it." (Poof, they were gone.)

Some of the new Pioneers were a bit irritated since they weren't given much of a choice.  But after they arrived the experience was extremely exciting.  Brooklyn said "It felt like time stopped.  I felt vibrations and saw bright colored lights everywhere."  Beverly added "And then all of a sudden we're here."  Hope said "You sure we're not in the New Mexico desert?"  Tracy smiled "Ok newbies, we are welcome guests on this planet.  Don't do anything stupid.  No matter what, keep your weapons in your pockets."  Lupe pointed. "This is Tang's home.  As you know, he's a sentinel guard who protects this sector of their frontier."  Just as she finished saying it, his daughter Tonkin came running out.  "Lupe!  It's great to see you humans again!  You brought some additional friends with you."  Lupe introduced all the new faces, and then to the rest of the family once they went inside.  Tang went through the expressions of friendship and proper decorum by offering food and drink.  After they exchanged pleasantries and Lupe explained the reason for their visit, Tonkin excitedly looked at her dad. "What do you think, papa.  Wouldn't it be a nice gesture to give them an old spacecraft to display at their museum?"  "Yes, it would.  Earthlings need to become accustomed to us.  First we can show them tangible objects, and later we can send tourists.  Many have told me they want to experience shopping in New York City."   Lupe rolled her eyes "Oh, my gosh.  Last month at Macy's I saw a beige cardigan sweater that would be perfect for you Tonkin."  Tonkin said "I scanned your internet database and discovered you use lasers to measure humans for proper fit.  And you have a garment district in Manhattan where I can have my clothes custom made.  I love the blue denim pants you are wearing.  Papa, may I have a pair?"  

"Sure, my daughter."  Lupe suggested "If it's ok with you and your wife, I would love to have Tonkin over to my home for two weeks in August."  Tang looked at his daughter. "Tonkin, would you like that?"  "Of course, papa.  Thank you.  I'll do some planning to see what to bring back.  Oh, but I need money to acquire pants."  Lupe said "Unlike your society, we do use money.  But don't worry, we have more than enough for you."  Totally excited, Tonkin ran up and hugged Lupe. "Thank you! I will never forget your generosity." 

Tang was very happy.  He even suggested he construct a building next to his home for overnight earth visitors.  But he saw Lupe wanted to get straight to the business at hand... the spacecraft.  He remembered a recycling lot in the city where scrap is dropped off.  He made a few calls and found there were several old spacecraft carcasses in the back.  He called Taze.  She gave her permission as long as the craft was gutted and any remaining electrical was melted.  It took an hour to make it happen.  Taze personally flew the hulk over via a tractor beam with her new spacecraft. When she arrived Nellie was first outside to greet her.  Nellie fell in love with Taze's new craft.  She hugged Taze and immediately said "Do you mind if I go inside and look around?"  "Please do.  Clank the pilot will answer all your questions."  With pure ecstasy written all over her face she said "Thank you, thank you, thank you" as she grabbed Millie and scampered up the steps.  The rest of the group hugged Taze then went inside Tang's home and sat down.   Taze said "Tang told me he had a wonderful time yesterearthday.  He felt the positive energy from all the humans in attendance.  Remembering a horrible tragedy to remind people it must never happen again is an excellent ritual.  Most of you humans cherish life and care for each other very much."  Taze laughed. "Like Lupe said, we really are brothers from the same mother."  She smiled and jokingly continued. "But if we could only improve the way you look."  The newbies cracked up laughing.  She said "Well at least somebody gets my jokes."  She read their minds and told the newbies "Producing perpetual power, helping the blind to see, cleaning the environment, and opening up the oceans to live are very admirable projects that the Calix highly respect."  Her comment made the girls feel good.  The group talked about the ceremony yesterday and spent some time talking about their families.  The Calix are very family oriented beings.   But after a while Taze looked at Lupe and smiled with her tiny mouth "Your thoughts are telling me you're on a limited timetable today.  We need to end our conversation and say goodbye, but I would like you and Natasha to come visit us next earth week to discuss our trip to the Zeta system."   Lupe replied "Of course.  How about in seven earth days?"  Taze said "Sounds good.  I noticed on earth you use atomic oscillations to maintain specific calibrated time intervals and you call it Coordinated Universal Time.  Our method is similar to yours except our planet rotation takes longer and what you call a year is different than ours.  I believe we need to formulate a time standard which is more accurate and relates to this galaxy and maybe to the universe instead of just our solar systems.  I have some ideas, and I want you to think about it too.  We will discuss it more when you return."  Lupe smiled and thanked her for the craft and said she looked forward to a long and positive relationship between the beings on the two planets. 

Taze said "The craft I'm donating is airtight.  If you would, please enter the craft and seal the doors before you Blink back to earth.  Nothing is perfect.  If you accidently blink into space, the absence of pressure won't hurt you if you are in this ship.  Then you can try it again.  A pinch of prevention will prevent a pound of problems."  Lupe giggled "You're practicing alliteration aren't you.  Tang likes to do that too."  Taze glanced at Tang. "There are some things that enthrall us about you humans and the artistry of your language is one of them."

Everybody said their goodbyes.  They climbed in the module and locked the door.  Lupe said "Everybody take a shoe and sock off and put your bare foot on the floor.  Mallory, you're at the end, so with your other hand touch the spacecraft.  In a flash they were gone.   They wanted to return quickly because of the bowling alley and pizzas.  They blinked back to the coordinates Cletus gave.  The ship flopped down on the floor.  The girls opened door and jumped out.  Tracy stepped back and stared "This is really cool.  The first spacecraft on display made by beings from another planet.  And we just travelled 2.94 quadrillion miles inside of it.  Incredible."  Lupe said "But I don't like its position.  Millie, would you move the front of the craft more this direction.  Please."  "Since you said please... how about this."  And with her blue beam she turned the front more toward the large windows.  "Perfect!"  Lupe addressed the agents "Gentlemen, beautiful isn't she.  It was scrap in a junkyard waiting to be melted down.  Please make sure nobody enters the craft.  They can touch the outside all they want, but no entry.  Ok?  It's too dangerous.  We don't want anybody getting hurt.  Thank you."  

Lupe left six agents staring with their mouths open as they slowly walked around the craft gently touching it.  Lupe called Cletus to make sure her instructions were carried out.

Nellie commented "Taze's spaceship is much better than this one.  She said this was made three hundred earth years ago.  They've really come a long way.  Her new craft is like having the best 20s in the galaxy, huh Millie."  Lupe said "But this is immeasurably better than anything humans have ever made."  Nellie said "As I was falling in love with her ship the pilot told me what I was wondering.  He said they conquered g-forces ages ago by using magnetism."   Brooklyn repeated "Magnetism?"  "Yep.  He said everything is magnetic, not just ferrous metals.  I said 'What?'  He said if I watch a person getting an MRI, I'll see the skin on their face move around because of the magnetism."  Lupe said "That true.  But how do you stop...  Oh, I get it now.  It has to be infinitely variable magnetic energy from every direction."  Nellie said "You got it.  He said her craft can accelerate from zero to 50,000 miles per hour in less than a minute.  So our body doesn't get plastered into the seat, magnets instantly pull the body cells down to the atomic level forward with the same force as the opposing g-force.  It's great."  "How come you didn't think of that, Lupe?"  "Actually, I did except we hadn't been able to control the magnetic forces correctly so the body wouldn't be torn apart."  Nellie said "After seeing Taze's ship everything here is just a letdown.  Just watch, this time next year I'll be cruising across Kepler in her cool ride."   Tracy asked "Does that mean we're finished here?"  "Yes, let's go.  I'm getting hungry for pizza."  Bannister said "I'm ready when you are."  With that they walked out and jumped in the van and headed to the bowling alley.

They arrived a little early.  It was loud and crowded.  Inside, near the entrance three girls walked by.  Millie heard these thoughts, "That's odd, I can't read her."  She looked over at one of the girls staring at her.  Millie began walking toward her and said "I've learned to put up a firewall so people can't read me.  Hi, my name is Millie."  The girl turned and quickly walked out of the building.  Millie followed her.  The girl stopped and put her hands out.  Don't come any closer or I'll hurt you.  She (Jennifer) without touching, raised Millie several feet off the ground.  Millie cut the lifting power with her blue electricity then slowly dropped to the ground.  For a moment they stared at each other.  "Hi, again my name is Millie.  Were you born in Chicago weren't you?"  "Yes.  What does Chicago have to do with anything?"  Millie briefly explained how they were made.  Remember yesterday you were watching the memorial on TV?  I'm Sparky.  I always wondered if there were others like me."  Jennifer didn't want to have any part of Millie's revelation.  She was afraid and wanted to leave.  Millie understood. "Look, having these powers and not being able to share it with other people was very hard on me.  After looking into your mind I can see you've kept this a deep dark secret because you were afraid something would happen to you if others found out.  I was the same way."  She smiled at Jennifer and touched her shoulder.  "This will take all your stress away.  Here's my phone number.  If and when you feel ready, call me.  Ok?  If you lose the number, just contact any secret service office and tell them you have to speak to Cletus Jackson.  He's my protector.  And whatever you do, don't let anybody know your powers.  Nobody.  Ok?"  She hugged her and left.

Millie walked back into the bowling alley behind a group of guys carrying stacks of pizza boxes. It was a large building with twenty five lanes on each side and a large open area with tables and chairs in the middle.  Five boxes were left with the girls and the remainder was laid out on tables in the middle of the alley.  The employee who rents shoes came on the PA. "Who likes pizza!  Better yet, who likes free pizza?  Everybody grab some.  Complements of the group who just walked in.  Put your hands together for these generous ladies."  The bowlers stopped and clapped, then raided the boxes.

As Tracy was enjoying her second slice she decided to walk over to the pizzas on the tables to see if there was enough.  "Goodness gracious" she thought to herself, "Almost picked clean."  She called Cletus to have another fifty boxes delivered.

While walking back she noticed two boys in their mid-teens pushing a nerdy kid about fifteen.  One stuck his foot out and the other tripped him. "You need to get out now dork.  We don't want your retarded sister in here."  The other said "She might be contagious.  Get her out of here before we all get stupid."  Tracy told herself to stay calm and handle it like a sensible person.  "Like Lupe taught me.  Stay calm, stay calm.  I can do this."  She saw Mike and Tom approaching about fifty feet away.  She motioned for them to keep their distance.  She would take care of it.  With her beautiful big blue eyes and sweet southern drawl she said "Hi guys.  What's going on?"  "Mind your own business, bitch.  Get lost."   She helped the nerd up. "Here, let me help you.  What's going on?"  One of the bullies pushed her causing her to stumble back.  "I told you to get lost!  This doesn't concern you, bitch."  She smiled and took his arm and squeezed it. "Honey, real men don't push ladies around."  He screamed and went down to his knees.  The other bully was moving to kick Tracy, but she grabbed his ankle as it went up then she dragged both of them over to the snack bar.  "Gentlemen, have a seat and let's talk about this."  She forced them to sit down.  By this time Lupe had come up.  Tracy said "Do me a favor and take that guy and girl standing over there... take them with you.  Have them bowl with our group.  Protect them and see what their story is."  Lupe looked at the boy who was in semi shock at what Tracy was actually doing.  Lupe walked over.  "Would you like to come and sit with us.  We're looking for some extra bowlers."  "My sister and I really should get out of here before we get hurt."  Lupe laughed. "You're perfectly safe with us.  I guarantee it."  Lupe motioned Mike over.  "Mike, show my friend your badge."  As Mike was showing him his badge he said "My name is Mike and you are Sidney and your sister's name is Lucy.  You live two blocks from here.  Your dad graduated from Boston University Magna Cum Laude.  He's a Major in the People's Army and your mom graduated from Brown University.  She's staying at home doing work while raising you and your sister."  Sid just stared.  Lupe encouragingly said "Miracles of modern science can tell me instantly who you are.  Come on and let's go sit down while my friend Tracy over there takes care of those two boys so they won't ever bother you again."  She smiled and said "OK?"  Mike nodded his head. "You should go with her.  Go have some fun."  Lupe took his and his sister's hand and walked them over to her group.  Sid felt the strong warmth of her touch.  He looked up at her beautiful chiseled bronzed face and imagined she was a Native American like Pocahontas.  The thoughts of a poet rushed into his heart... 'She walks in beauty, like the night of cloudless climes and starry skies; and all that's best of dark and bright meet in her aspect and her eyes.'  Sid was totally smitten.

Lupe smiled. "Hey guys, we've got some new friends who would like to bowl with us."  During Lupe's introductions it became obvious that Lucy was very clumsy socially.  She kept focusing on the floor and wouldn't speak or look into people's eyes.  Millie walked over and sat next to her.  She brought her a plate with a slice of pepperoni pizza.  "We have Canadian bacon if you don't like pepperoni."  Lucy was nonresponsive.  Millie looked at Nellie and motioned for her to come over.  "My name is Millie and this is Nellie."  Nellie said "My real name Evalina, but everybody calls me Nellie."  She was still looking down unresponsive.  Nellie gave Millie a worried look.  Millie touched Lucy's arm and began to look inside her mind.  She vented all worries and torment.  "You feel better now.  It's ok to talk to us.  We don't bite."  Lucy was thinking "I feel good, but I still feel like I'm being smothered.  Too many people closing in."  Millie said "There are a lot of people in here.  It's making me feel uncomfortable with the bright lights and loud sounds.  You're probably thinking we're bothering you.  Actually I'd like to go outside and ride a bike."  Millie saw Lucy loved to bike.  Millie called Tom to get them some bikes.  He said another agent named Manny would have them next to the van in fifteen minutes.  Millie talked to Sid.  She said "Lucy, me, and Nellie are going outside to ride bikes.  Here's your mom on the phone."  A couple agents were over at his house getting his mom's permission and Lucy's bike.  Sid was deeply infatuated with Lupe and his mom's prompting to let Lucy go outside and play was a godsend.  "Have a good time Sis.  Call me if you need anything."  Lucy smiled at her brother as she left.  She knew exactly what was going on with her brother.

Let's get back to Tracy and the bad boys.   She had them parked at the snack bar.  It was a wraparound counter with spinning seats like in the old malt shops of the 1950s.  The counter was long on two sides with tight curves on each end.  There were four soda jerks waiting on customers.  Tracy motioned for Mike and Tom to come sit with them.  The boys were constantly trying to get away.  She said "Now boys I won't hurt you if you just sit still and talk to me about what just happened."  The older one told her where to go so she squeezed his arm to inflict pain. The soda jerk behind the counter came up and told Tracy she should let them go because they were the base commander's sons.  Tracy asked the jerk if they had been bullying other kids.  He said "Yes, but not so much lately.  And the parents on base are afraid to say anything.  We've had MPs come in and take the boys out a few times but that's all."

Tracy looked at the boys. "So you're the base commander's sons.  You're definitely not exhibiting the kind of behavior for base commander's children."  "Eat shit, bitch."  "Now, now...  such foul language.  You just had in your mouth what I wouldn't even put in my hand."  The counter guy grinned.  Tracy said "I think we need to have your dad come over so we can have a nice long chat."  They laughed at her.  Tracy said "Mike, would you and Tom please take these boys to the back corner of the restaurant where we can have some privacy.  And please have Cletus get their dad here immediately.  And I want at least twenty additional agents at this alley as soon as possible."  "Yes ma'am."   Two agents politely moved patrons away from the back corner of the restaurant opposite the entrance.  They paid for their meals and gave them an additional day off for the next two weeks for their trouble.   Six agents were at the alley door and two at the entrance to the restaurant.  Mike and Tom were sitting with Tracy and the boys at the back corner waiting for their dad.  In the meantime Tracy had Mike look up the boys' history.

Cletus called General Stevens to come over.  He was insulted and sent some MPs to take care of it.  They were stopped at the alley door.  Cletus had the spokeswoman for the Peoples defense overseers call Stevens and ordered him to go there immediately.  He did.  His son's and Tracy's backs were facing the restaurant door.  Cletus escorted general Stevens to the table.  Tracy said "Hello."  He said "What the hell is going on here!"  She stood and said "Please take out your ID, I'd like to introduce myself."  Cletus was loving every second of it.  The expression of shock on the general's face was priceless.  He said "Who are you?"  "Well if you pull out your ID and place it over my wrist while we shake hands I'll tell you.  He slowly did and verified she was one of the top commanders of the Peoples armed forces.  "My name is Tracy.  Please have a seat."  "But you're just a kid about the same age as my oldest son.  Who are you?"  She didn't answer as she was going over the boys' history with Mike on his ipad.  She looked at Stevens. "Interesting.  You named your oldest son Patton and the younger one McArthur.  One goes by Pat and the other Art.  Humm... it says here they've been detained three times for problems.  They smashed up a car, beat up a boy, and what is this... they took a little 6 yr. old's ice cream cone and smeared it all over her face because she was 'retarded'.  The last time they were detained was January.  Nothing else since then.  I talked to an employee here and he said they're still bullying kids, so I guess you issued an order not to detain.  Is that correct, general?"  "Look I don't know who you are but I'm a four star general and I demand that I be accorded the respect I deserve."  Tracy chuckled "I guess that's why the People appointed me as a commander over you, because I look at the quality of your character and not the rank on your uniform."  She smiled and said to Cletus "Kind of like Dr. King when he said we must judge a person by the content of their character and not by the color of their skin."  Cletus laughed. "Yes, Ma'am."  Tracy called Molly on her cell to come over.  She did, and performed a scan on Stevens while Tracy asked him again about issuing an order to protect the boys.  Molly said "Yes, he did."  "Probe his mind and tell me more about this man."

"He drinks too much.  It's because of his position as the representative of this base.  He takes VIPs out all the time for dinner and other functions which involves drinking."  Molly stopped, rolled her eyes and looked up at the ceiling in disgust.  "He's beaten his wife while his boys looked on.  He degrades her verbally.  She hasn't reported it because she's afraid of being hurt more instead of being helped.  This sorry excuse of a man knows it.  So he thinks he can bully her all he wants.  He's part of the "good old boy" network of officers who support each other because they buddy around or graduated from West Point together and may have had combat experience together."  Molly continued probing his mind... Tracy, General Stevens must be arrested immediately.  I'll tell you why later.  Cletus, bring in as many secret service agents here as possible and I'll alert the representative for the defense overseers.  Pull out your guns and handcuff this man immediately.  Bring a Blackhawk to this parking lot and get him out of here right now.  And, I want all the colonels on this base interrogated now.  We may have a problem."  "Yes Ma'am."  "Thank you, Cletus."  Tracy said "Thank you, Molly."

At that moment Stevens jumped up with a large derringer revolver in his hand.  He grabbed Tracy and held it to her head.  He yelled "Everybody get back or I swear I'll put a bullet through this girl's head."  Tracy smiled "Oh please don't hurt me.  They'll do anything you want but please don't hurt me."  Then she started laughing and laughing.  Cletus and the other agents joined in the laughter.  "hahahaha."  "hehehehe."  Stevens became very upset and pointed his gun at some customers with little children across the room.  "All of you shut up or they're dead!"  Tracy instantly reached over and put her finger in front of the hammer then took the pistol out of his hand.  She said "Didn't your parents teach you not to play with guns, Mr. Stevens."  "It's General Stevens."  "Not anymore.  Please get him out of here.  Thank you, Uncle Cletus."

Tracy added "Please send these boys to our facility in Arizona to teach them about being good citizens.  And please immediately get Mrs. Stevens out of here in another bird to a safe house until we unravel this mess."  "Yes Ma'am."  As the boys were getting ready to leave, the oldest one asked "Who in the hell are you people?"  "Right now, we're the best friends you could ever have.  I'll check on you guys in a year to see how you're doing.  Good luck and God bless."  Molly called the spokeswoman for the defense overseers and requested they bring in as base commander an outsider with no connections to anyone on base.

As Tracy was leaving the restaurant she walked over to the tables with customers.  "Hi.  My name is Tracy and as you saw we had a problem with the base commander.  I didn't mean to subject you to any danger.  It was my mistake and I'm very sorry."  A soldier in fatigues eating with his three little girls said "It's ok.  Sometimes these things just happen."  Tracy apologetically said "Not on my watch.  If anything happened to any one of you I'd never forgive myself."  She turned to an agent standing next to her. "Jack, please get the names and addresses of all these people.  I'm sending them to Disney World for two weeks.  I'll pay for everything."  She turned back to the customers. "It's the least I can do.  Again, I'm sorry.  And please keep what just happened to yourselves.  Thank you."   As she left she heard a little girl say to her dad "Are we going to see Mickey!"  Tracy stopped, smiled at the little girl and waved goodbye.  "Thank you."

Let's get back to Millie, Nellie, and Lucy.  While Tracy was busy with the boys in the restaurant Millie said "Let's get something to drink on our way out.  I'm really thirsty."  Lucy said "Me too."  "What's your favorite?"  "Banana and orange.  I like it carbonated."  Lucy started skipping to the snack bar.  Millie and Nellie joined in.   Nellie told the soda jerk "I'll take a squirt of coke, root beer, orange, raspberry, cherry, and lime.  And extra on the carbonation."  As they were walking out of the building Lucy said "I like carbonation because it makes me burp."  Nellie suggested "Let's have a burping contest.  The one who burps the loudest wins."  Lucy looked around "I'm not supposed to burp in public."  Nellie let out a big one.   "See, nobody's looking.  They don't care."   Nellie asked "What kind of bike you got?"  "It's an X-Games FS20 Freestyle with 20s."  Nellie saw the agents walking up with her bike.  "Damn girl that some rad 20s.  You trickin yet."  "A little."   Millie asked "Well what can you do?"  "I like to bar spin while I bunny hop.  And I like to do manuals.  I do tabletops and turndowns.  I just learned to do a 360 on a jump.  I can do a can-can.  And I've been working on a handrail.  Not quite there yet."  Nellie was in minor shock "Good god, girl.  Show us."  Lucy skipped over to her bike and commenced showing her prowess.  They were waiting for security to bring two more bikes and protective headgear.  In the meantime Lucy impressed the heck out of them.  Nellie and Millie borrowed her bike and showed what they could do, but they weren't anywhere near as good as Lucy.  

They sat down for a minute while they were waiting.  Millie asked Lucy "So are you autistic?"  "Yes, but just a little."  Nellie said "I think you're just shy."  "That's part of it.  Here, I'll explain.  My biggest problem is all the light and sounds and the crowds.  They're often too much for me to take.  And if I'm used to doing something, I don't like to change.  I want to keep doing it the same way.  Sometimes I get upset very easily.  I'm supposed to be clumsy, but I'm not.  And they say I don't understand body language very well.  Sometimes I talk and won't let anybody else speak.   And when I speak sometimes they say it doesn't sound natural.  They say it's stilted and without the right intonations."  Millie laughed "Stilted, intonations?  Those are mighty big words for someone who is supposed to have a problem."  "What do you mean?"  "I mean you're very smart.  I'd rather be smart and socially inept any day than be dim."  "It's not ineptitude.  They say it's a physical malady in my brain.  I can't control the intense input.  And they say I can't read people.  They say I have Asperger's."  Millie said "I'm different too, but I don't worry about it.  Here let me see your hand.  She held her hand and proceeded to look deep into Lucy's mind.  Millie thought to Lucy "Relax while our spirits become one."  She surveyed her nerve cells with all the connections.  "Lucy, can you hear me?"  "Yes.  But you're not speaking.  And I can see your powers.  Wow.  You're very interesting."  "That's funny.  I've never been called interesting before."  "How can you talk to me like this?"  "We both relax and our life energies mingle.  For me it's easy.  I see some of your nerve channels are open too wide.  Do you mind if I close them down a little?  It will reduce the intense sensory input."  "That would be nice... if you can do it.  Please don't hurt me."  "I won't."  With the help of the green crystal, Millie gently ran hundreds of millions of nano thin strands of electricity through Lucy's brain searching for areas to repair ((Note from the author: I use the word repair, but actually it was to make her brain, thus her interactions with others, more similar to most people.  What we perceive as "normal" is just a human construct which is in a constant flux.)) After a moment Millie smiled. "Ok I'm finished.  It should make you feel a little better.  And, may I have a few strands of your hair so I can examine your DNA later.  I want to compare it with mine and my friend Nellie.  Is that ok?"  "Sure."  "Ok, let's pull out of our trance and start talking.  You will feel very refreshed now."  Nellie said "What were you two doing staring at each other like that?"  Lucy said "We were talking."  She pulled some of her hair out and handed it to Millie.  "Here you go.  Check it and let me know."  Millie put the strands in her coin pocket.  "I will.  Hey look.  Here comes Manny with two bikes.  You guys ready?"  "Let's do it to it."  As they were riding Lucy said "I can't believe how much better I feel.  I don't have sounds coming at me from every direction driving me nuts.  How did you do that?" "I'm magical.  But don't tell anybody.  I'll check on you in a week to see how you're doing."  She hugged Millie. "Thanks.  Nobody has ever helped me like this before.  You must be magical."

Meanwhile back inside the bowling alley Sophia said "Who wants to go with me to get a soda?"  Mallory and Brooklyn volunteered.  Two older girls were at the counter.  Sophia asked the soda jerk "What's your best drink."  "I make a really mean buzz free margarita."  The girl next to her at the counter said "It's a shaved ice margarita without the alcohol.  It's very good.  It's what I'm drinking."  "Ok.  Give me one."  The other two bandidas chose the same.  I used the word 'other' because now in addition to the young Pioneers and Bannister being Bandidas, Norma's kids, Jacob, and Natasha are also part of the group.  But Jacob doesn't like labels or clubs or anything of that nature, so he agreed to be included by name only.

 One of the girls asked "Are you guys new to the base?"  Brooklyn responded "Got here today."  "Where you from?"  Mallory lied.  "Our parents transferred here from Fort Huachuca."  "Hi, my name is Shaffon and this is my friend Rheanna."  "Hey.  I'm Mallory, this is Brooklyn and Sophia."  Rheanna asked Mallory "What brand of colored contacts do you wear?  Your blue eyes look so real."  "They are real.  I don't wear contacts."  Shaffon said "Asians don't have blue eyes and blonde hair."  "I'm not Asian, I'm American."  "Ha ha.  We're all American.  I was just sayn you really stand out with those sky blue almond shaped eyes and that blonde hair against your dark skin.  I've never seen anybody like you before."  "That's because you've never met a Mayan before."  "From Mexico?"  "Yep.  I'm from a small village in the mountains far away from civilization where the people are direct descendants of the Mayans.  Over there everybody looks like me.  Last year I became an American citizen."  "Really?"  "Yes.  But I still miss home with the festivals and all.  My favorite is the bloodletting where we capture twenty people down in the valley.  We put them on stone alters and cut their hearts out while they're still alive.  The hearts are chopped up into tiny pieces and mixed with their blood.  Everybody eats and drinks it, especially the very young.  See we're born with dark hair but the more blood we drink the blonder we get.  And after the age of six it stays this way.  I really miss the metallic taste of blood."  "Rheanna and Shaffon were sitting motionless with that 'feet don't fail me now' look in their eyes."  The soda jerk asked "Are you serious?"  Mallory took out a tiny pen knife and opened it. "Put your hand out so I can squeeze a few drops of your blood in my drink.  It makes everything taste sooo much better."  He's stared in disbelief.  Sophia smiled. "I didn't know you were such a jokester, Mallory."  Shaffon said "Right, please tell me you're kidding."  "Got you goin for a minute didn't I?  Actually I'm part Scandinavian and part Asian.  The skin color is a perfect suntan."  Brooklyn said "Don't believe her, we're actually vampires."  Connie had just come up to the counter to get a soda.  Mallory whispered "Pretend you don't know us."  Connie was amused.  The jerk came up. "What'll it be?"  "I'll take a sarsaparilla with lots of carbonation."  While he was filling her order he whispered "Watch out for her.  She's crazy.  She wanted to drink my blood."  Connie asked "What's wrong with that?"  "What?  I think you're all nuts!", as he sat the sarsaparilla down and quickly walked away.

Sophia turned her mp4 player on at low volume.  'Walk like a man' came on.  Laughing, she said "Walk like a man, sing like a girl."   Brooklyn said "Yeah, that's really sexy...  Not!"   Mallory said "Hey, look over there at the end of the alley.  A game room.  Let's go check it out."  She called Bev and Hope to join in.  They walked over and looked through the plate glass window.  Bev said "I like it!  Check it out, guys.  Big screens all along the walls."   Mal said "Let's do NASCAR.  We'll do it together."  Sophia won and Brooklyn came in second.  After the fourth race they grew tired of it.  Connie suggested they go to a basketball court and shoot a few.  Next door was a large gym with four full courts.  Men in their fifties were on one court.  What looked like new recruits were on another court playing horse.   Connie challenged them to a game.  The four guys didn't want to at first.  Here's some of the conversation:  "Hi gentlemen, would you like to play a game?"  Harry was the tallest at 6'4".  He said "That's funny.  You're just little teenage girls."  The guy next to him named George said "Don't waste our time.  Come back in about five years and we might ask you out on a date, but there is no way you could ever beat us at the hoops."  Mallory said "Whatsamatta boys, afraid we might injure your egos?  We promise to be easy on you."  Connie said "Forget it.  These boys would rather play a girly game of horse instead of a real game of basketball.  What a bunch of sissies."   Harry said "Oookay.  If we play you one forty point game, will you go away after we clean your clocks?"  Sophia said "After we win this one, we might let you play us again.  But you've got to wipe those stupid grins off your faces."  George became a little peeved. "Let's do it tiny big mouth.  And please don't run and shoot like a girl.  I'll have to stop because I'll be laughing too much."  Sophia replied "You're on, asshole.  I promise not to make you look too much like a clown."  So with tempers flaring the game commenced.  The carnage was complete.  The girls won 40 to 4.  Harry was sitting down getting his wind back.  Sophia came over and sat next to him.  She looked up "Let's see.  I'm almost thirteen and the others are fourteen.  We're half your height and weight.  And yet we cleaned your clock.  And don't tell me you lost because it was six of us against the four of you."  Harry complained "Somehow what you did wasn't fair.  Are you part of some secret defense project?  Because no girls any age can play like that."  Brooklyn said "Gender has nothing to do with it.  Neither does age.  Face it... we're simply better than you.  And, we aren't as good as Jaden Newman.  Is that name familiar?  She was better than us when she was ten."   "Yes.  We all know who she is."   "Well, you wanna play again?"  Connie's cell rang.  It was Lupe trying to collect everybody so they could book it back to the B&B.  "Sorry boys, but we have to go.  Maybe some other time."  Harry said "I don't think so, Thumbelina freaks."

The gang gathered at the snack bar.  Millie and Nellie thanked Lucy for the fun outside.  Lupe had a very enjoyable time with Sid.  He has a very easygoing self-assured personality, full of wit and charm and tells some very funny stories.  Lupe told him she genuinely enjoyed his company and thought he was very sweet and slightly gorgeous, for a brainiac.  Sid followed up. "Can I call you tomorrow?  Maybe we could hang out together?"  Lupe smiled into his dreamy eyes.  She couldn't help herself.  She put her arms around Sid and French kissed him a big one.  He instantly turned to mush.  Steam was coming out of his ears while his eyes spun around and were lost somewhere in the back of his head.  Lupe smiled. "That was a nice kiss, Sid.  But I have to go.  Listen, I know where you live so maybe sometime in the future I'll pop in again and you can show me around."  Sid blathered something incoherent as his eyes were trying to come back into focus.  Finally he reached out and took her arm.  Collecting his thoughts he slowly said "Lupe, are we to be like ships passing in the night, that speak to each other with only a signal shown, and a distant voice heard?  So on the ocean of life, are we to pass with an embrace and a kiss, then return to cold darkness with empty silence?"  Lupe quietly paused looking at him. "Oh my god that was beautiful."  She gazed deeply into his adorable eyes. "No...  I'll be back.  I promise."  It was a bittersweet moment when they mutually kissed a final kiss before she left.  

Bannister made sure everybody was accounted for.  Lupe stopped, turned around and looked once more at Sid's sad expression.  She walked over, hugged and kissed him again.  While holding him in her arms, "You know what Sid, I could really get used to this, but I honestly have to go."

On the road back, as she thought about her brief encounter with Sid she played one of her favorites, Todas Las Palabras. (Here are the lyrics in English:  I suppose that you and I will eventually meet and perhaps without even noticing.  Perhaps it will happen without rush and without wind.  In some place from yesterday.  I feel that you and I will meet and it might be strange.  With hope, without rush and without voice, without any footsteps to follow.  All song, all words, come and dance with the sound the wind makes when approaching your mouth and your skin.  Look at me for an instant.  Touch this silence that is ending and embrace the air turning into sky.  Inside your breath and my thirst.  It is the air that becomes the sky into my thirst.  I suppose that you and I will eventually meet.  We might not even notice.  Maybe it will happen quickly and with wind in some new place.  I feel that you and I will meet and it might be strange with the hope, without rush, without voice.  With dreams to begin.)   Lupe thought to herself "It can happen, cuando menos lo pensemos?. (when we least expect it.) I've felt so alone lately.  He's not at all like my cowboy.  My spirit cries out for someone who understands me, who will hold me and calmly care for me.  Was I destined to meet Sid?...  What are these strange feelings I'm having?  I've never experienced this hunger...  He's different.  Very different.  There's a delicate strength about him.  He can bring the movement of life into exquisite poetry..."  Molly was sitting next to her.  "You know Sid is head over heels infatuated with you.  He's a very special person.  Please don't hurt him."  Lupe confessed "I'm walking in unknown territory.  I don't know what to do."  "Just follow your heart and be kind."

Bannister made it back to the B&B by 6:30.  Just in time for them to lay out on the water at a pool party with some big name musicians.  This was a good day that drew the Bandidas closer together.  The escape was an excellent idea.  The newbie's parents were upset about their girls taking off.  Norma calmed them down and had them realize they belong more to themselves now and to the People too.  They have the best guides they could possibly want... the original new young Pioneers.  The bonding experience today was exactly what they needed.

The next morning they traveled back to Las Cruces.  But this time the Bandidas flew in their own jet by themselves, a souped-up version of the Falcon 8x.  This one is armed with rocket tubes and machine gun ports both fore and aft.  It has a top speed of 1,400 knots and cruises at 1,200 knots with a service ceiling of 60,000 feet.  They were accompanied by six of the country's best Mach 5 fighter jets, and the area around them was constantly monitored by Larry's military satellites... just in case.

Everybody else rode in a luxury version of a 777.  In one section the chairs are modules with entertainment centers and snacks.  The chairs fold down into beds.   Another part of the plane has community seating, tables, and a wide screen monitor/TV.  The jet has ten separate large bathrooms with showers.  Another part has a dining area with seating for thirty including a full kitchen to serve three days worth of meals.  Norma was in heaven.

Home attacked
A high level employee at one of Larry's tech companies turned out to be a mole for a foreign terrorist group.  Through his employment, he somehow discovered where Larry lived.  For several months he and his small army of cohorts worked on a fool proof method to take Larry out.  It had been two years since the terrorist attack on America.  Thousands of fervent believers had gone underground vowing never to stop their guerilla attacks.

It was four in the morning, August 15, 2019.  The attackers believed Larry and Norma were home.  But yesterday afternoon Norma used Lupe's invention to blink her and her husband to the Pentagon for a two day meeting on national security.  Norma's parents were in Acapulco having a blast on the beach.  Tony was with K'akana at the Zia reservation.  That left Tonkin, Lupe, Connie, Sophia, Nellie, Ima, Millie, Cletus, and twenty security agents.

Tonkin, Tang's daughter, was staying for a few weeks with Lupe so she could do a little online shopping, have fun riding horses, and enjoy hanging out by the pool.  Lupe made sure she had all kinds of tasty treats.  She had pure copper, iron, and manganese.  Lupe also included some tin, but Tonkin didn't particularly like the taste.  Same with silver and gold.  Unlike humans who need to consume large portions of food, the Calix can live nicely for weeks on a smidge of iron ore and some rotting foliage.  The way they eat is similar to the electric bacteria on earth.  The Calix are composed of trillions of cells that are connected by nanowires that freely move electrons throughout their bodies. 

It was four in the morning. Lupe was sound asleep.  Tonkin only needed a few hours of sleep during each planet rotation, so she was awake enjoying a movie with the animals in the pyramid.  She had her ear buds on so she wouldn't disturb Lupe.  Half way into the movie "Daddys Home" she heard something in her mind.  It sounded like scores of humans were thinking about attacking Larry and killing him.  Tonkin ran over to Lupe. "Lupe, wake up!  There's a problem.  We're about to be attacked."  Lupe stirred, cracking an eye open.  "What?..."  "Lupe, you need to get up.  Now!  Or you will die!"  Tonkin put her hand on Lupe's arm and gave her a small shock.  Bizzzzt.  Lupe's body jerked.  "Ouch!  What happened!"  "Are you awake now?"  "Geeze...  now I am.  Did you do that?  I thought that little stinker Millie was zapping me again."

"There are many humans coming here to kill us.  They want to blow up and burn down this place.  I recommend we blink out of here.  Now!"  "You're kidding.  How many are there?  They are too many to count, with large vehicles I believe you call garbage trucks with big guns."  "Do they have anything in the air?"  "Not that I can see."  As Lupe was quickly getting dressed she called Ima and Millie and the girls next door.  In two minutes Lupe blinked herself and Tonkin to Millie's apartment.  Then together she Blinked to Connie's home.  They gathered in her bedroom.  Connie asked Tonkin "Are you sure, because nobody is supposed to know who lives here."  Tonkin replied "You're very lucky I'm here.  We should blink far away from this place!"  Lupe looked around and asked "What do you think?"  Nellie shouted "Let's blow the hell out of them.  I'm not about to let anybody destroy my home.  And what about Mom and the other animals?  Lupe, blink us over to the three choppers.  I'm ten but I can fly better than any of you.  Come on, let's do it!"  Lupe looked at Ima and Millie.  "What do you think?"  Ima said "For almost two months I've been learning warfare in a Blackhawk.  They are nearly invincible with the twenty armed drones that link up to each chopper.  With this new technology we can safely be away from the enemy and direct the drones to kill.  I say go for it."

Choosing to ignore Tonkin's safer solution, in thirty seconds everybody was in the hangar.  Tonkin relented and said she would come along to help save their lives.  On earth she was almost indestructible, therefore she was worried more about her friends than herself.  Lupe, Connie, and Nellie were the pilots.  Sophia wanted to be safe so she jumped in with Nellie.  As they were powering up the birds, Lupe called Cletus.  He didn't immediately understand when she told him a ground assault was in progress.  After Lupe said it was Tonkin who alerted her, he immediately jumped up, got dressed and was ordering his men out to armored vehicles to defend the property.  Each vehicle has a bank of rockets and several 50 cals.  Lupe saw security getting ready to leave the hangar.  She ordered Cletus to have them go to bunker instead.  Ima and Millie scrambled into Nellie's chopper and buckled in next to Sophia.  Lupe asked Cletus if he and two of his men would come and handle the computers and machine guns in the co-pilot seats.  In a few minutes all three Blackhawks and sixty drones were airborne.  They were the silent ones that could fly right over your head and you would never know accept for the slight breeze.  Even the paint on the choppers and drones were light absorbing.  Tonkin is small in stature, so she was able to sit between Lupe and Cletus.  As they rose Tonkin looked deeper into her mind to see where the enemy was.  She said "Lupe, they're in three locations outside the perimeter of this property.  She pointed "Some are here, and over there, and a large group is behind us."  On a scrambled frequency Lupe told Nellie and Connie "Nellie, go south 170 degrees and tell me what you see on the other side of the wall.   Connie, take a 50 degree heading and tell me what you see.  I'll go 270 degrees."  After some uncomfortable silence Nellie came on "I see them.  Some are wearing night vision.  But they're not looking up.  They don't know we're here.  Nellie was seven hundred feet up on the south side of the compound and about eight hundred feet outside the wall looking at the insurgents.  She reported "My copilot has locked the drones on dozens of insurgents in their vehicles.  We're waiting for your word to destroy."  Lupe asked "Connie, how about you."  "We've got a little less than 30 vehicles tagged into the system."  Lupe said "Cletus is ready, too."  Cletus said "Girls, we've practiced this many times.  Remember to stay calm and follow your training.  As soon as the drones fire their ordnance the light and sound from the mini rockets may give your location away.  So immediately drop flairs and metal flakes then move in a slanting pattern further away from the compound and increase your altitude to a thousand feet.  Then once you're in position just stay calm.  The body of these birds can take NATO rounds all day long.  It's the RPG's, SAMS and tracer rounds we need to worry about.  Your automatic pilot assist can immediately move you out of the way of incoming rockets.  Ok?"  Nellie and Connie came on. "Let's do it!"  Cletus said "We need to verify our men are in bunker."  After Cletus made sure his men were safe he gave the go ahead.  Lupe said "On three.  One, two, THREE!"  Like a giant fireworks display, the ground lit up on the outside of the compound walls.  Just as these insurgents were being blown up, another wave of fighters rolled in and crashed through the wall at Nellie's location.  Nellie came on "Hey, guys we have several large garbage trucks that just crashed through the wall over here and they're shooting the place up."  Connie yelled "Get out of there, Nellie."  "Sorry, big sister, I'm turning around.  I still have eleven drones with ordnance."  Nellie swung around.  While the drones were wreaking havoc she released three large rockets.  Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.   Boom, boom, boom.  As more rockets were heading to their targets Tom was firing machine guns rounds in a computer assisted blanket pattern.  He screamed "Watch out!" as a SAM was coming straight at them.  Millie saw it was moving too fast.  She extended her arm between Nellie and the co-pilot then shot a brilliant blue light straight at the incoming missile.  The light cut through the choppers glass like a hot knife and enveloped the missile.  Millie jumped next to Nellie as she threw it to the ground.  Nellie was extremely upset "You jerks!......  Eat my rockets."  She had ten rockets left.  She released them all at once in a spread pattern, while her co-pilot was following up with machine gun fire.  Nellie said "I'm turning on the high decibel weapon.  They already know we're here no sense in trying to hide."  The loud and penetrating noise didn't seem to be stopping the intruders.  They were wearing ear protection.  Nellie's chopper was hit on the tail rotor and started rotating out of control.

Millie completely lost it.  She shouted "I've had enough of this shit!"  She threw open the side door and jumped out screaming in anger.  She flew underneath the Blackhawk and held it up carrying it for a distance and safely sat it down far away from the firefight.  She jerked off the pilot's door and ripped off Nellie's seatbelts.  "Let's strap these belts around us.  You've got real skills, Nellie.  I need your warrior mind to meld into mine.  Make the belts tight."  Ima helped.  Millie said "You ready?  Let's go!"   She immediately shot up five hundred feet to see the fracas at the southern end of the compound.  Millie and Nellie were attached back to back.  Nellie shouted "Remember when we saw Terminator Genisys 2?  You said smart people don't make things explode to achieve a goal, they just make it happen.   All they'll need to do is disrupt the energy fields that reside within the human body."  Millie said "Sun Tzu.  Don't kill a fly with a grenade.  Just slap your hands together..."  The enemy spotted the girls and began shooting.  Nellie returned fire with her laser gun.  Millie shouted "Hold on Nellie!"  She summoned the power of the crystal from within her body and a giant cluster of thin green beams came out of her hands.  Each beam struck an insurgent.  The beams went into their brains and hyper-electrified their claustrums which turned off their consciousness causing them to fall to the ground.  Millie's and Nellie's minds were together now.  She asked Nellie to call Lupe and Connie to see if they were ok.  Nellie sent a green thread to Lupe and Connie's choppers asking if they needed any help.  Lupe came on "Nellie I'm fine, but go over to Connie, her bird may have been hit.  Connie are you alright?"  "Yes we're ok, but the tail section is damaged and I have to bring her down.  I'm going as far away as possible before landing.  Nellie, how fast can you get here?  My beacon's on.  Can your instruments see me?"  Nellie responded "Don't worry, big sis.  Millie and I are coming."  "Hurry.  We're taking phosphorous rounds all over the fuselage."  The insurgents were using weapons with thermal imaging detection.  As Millie/Nellie were approaching they also came under fire.  Millie/Nellie screamed out "Eat this you MFs!"  Then a giant blast of green light emitted from both Millie and Nellie's hands.  The ground violently shook, then silence.  Nellie called "Connie, are you ok?"  She responded "No gun fire right now.  My God, is that you and Millie in front of me?!"  "Just relax sis and take your hands off the controls."  Millie/Nellie flew underneath the chopper and carried it to a safe spot and sat it down.  As soon as they landed, a lone sniper began shooting.  The pair screamed "Asshole!" and shot a blast of light from their hands which blew him into hamburger meat.  

Millie ripped the belts off and set Nellie free.  "We don't need these."  They walked up to the Connie's window.  Millie said "You all stay inside.  We're going to carry the bird over to Nellie's chopper.  Then together we'll get out of here and let the military clean up."  Connie was in mild shock "Millie, you can fly?"  "Yes, I can.  Didn't realize it until a few minutes ago.  So everybody stay put.  Ok?"  "Ok."  With that Millie ran a thick beam of green light to Nellie and both carried Connie's chopper to Nellie's bird.   In her mind Millie told Nellie "As you can see we are one now.  You can carry your Blackhawk and I'll take Connie's.  We'll meet Lupe in a couple minutes."  Nellie said "This power is unbelievable.  I didn't know this was possible."  "Neither did I.  But since we can... Let's do this!  Stay close to me so the power beam connecting us won't be disrupted."  Upon arriving at Nellie's bird, they got the passengers back inside and safely strapped in.  Then they each lifted the Blackhawk and met up with Lupe in a couple minutes.  Nellie called Lupe "We're coming up behind you.  Let's go to the research center.  Lupe said "My thoughts exactly."  Millie and Nellie pulled up alongside Lupe.  She was speechless for a moment.  "Millie... Nellie... You're both lit up green and carrying a chopper?  What in the hell am I seeing?"  Dumbfounded, she released the controls.  "I can't believe it."  Cletus had to grab the stick.    Millie came on the green beaded intercom. "You and Tracy are always such drama queens.  Get over it.  It was a gift from Ruth.  Do you expect anything less?!"  "Holy crap, Millie...  Thank God you're on our side.  Cletus says twenty Blackhawks are on their way to mop up.  Let's go to Valhalla and have an early morning snack."  Millie/Nellie agreed.

In ten minutes they landed outside White Sands Research Center. Lupe blinked them down.  Nellie flipped on her mp4 to 'This is how we do it' as the battle proven warriors were proudly swaggering in rhythm down the hallway.....  After the music stopped a green holographic image appeared.  It was Ruth.  "We're very proud of you for doing such an excellent job.  Now get out there and explore the universe."    

It's been an interesting thirteen months.  The Big Change is occurring all across the earth.  People of the world are becoming one family.  The Calix are now our brothers and sisters.  The Bandidas came out with some amazing inventions and discoveries.  They defeated evil from another universe.  Handling aggressors from earth is child's play.  Most of all, the Infinitum have given the Bandidas and Jacob and those they have yet to meet extraordinary powers which will help humankind in ways you've never imagined.  Millie's crystal implant is just the beginning.

End of Volume II.  

