The Rise of the Dominion 
By D. M. Marshall
 
To Telle, my very own defender.


The Rise of The Dominion (this novel) is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations, places and events portrayed in this novel are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2017 D. M. Marshall

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, recording or otherwise, with the prior written permission of the author.

Edition 1.2

Want to know when the next book is released, or find out more about the Author? 

Visit my Facebook page: facebook.com/dmmauthor
Dramatis Personae
 
Astana, Fleet Admiral (Human male)
Elenore Frost, Edo Neophyte (Human female)
Dical Dimerchi, Edo Askari (Human male)
Karlos Tsia’ool, Edo Neophyte (Human male)
Nenotuul, Edo Mushur (Entilean female)
Jake Bulver, Edo Askari (Human male)
Block, taxi driver (Human male)
Bromph, Lieutenant (Human male)
Brin Urnit, Doyen (Human male)
Cea Ero, Agent (Zhur Thoggu)
Hallowwyrn, Edo Mushur (Maladorn female)
Collaro, Captain (Nortahl male)
Raif Ko, Edo Mushur (Human male)
Domovero, Captain (Human male)
Nathan Bircheno, Edo Askari (Human male)
Amos Weststar, Doyen (Human male)
Elen Ney, Edo Neophyte (Human female)
Forma Beltat, Imperial administrator (Human female)
Frast, Imperial Lieutenant (Human male)
Egan Velasquez, Security Director (Human male)
Gery Savignsor, Edo Askari (Human male)
Idrid Matour, Representative (Human male)
Raichel Ison, Edo Mushur (Human female)
Jent’i Tasshik, Crafter (Zhur Thoggu)
Kaisa Ko, Edo Askari (Human female)
Danze Carmenco, Edo Mushur (Human male)
Nate Shepherd, Edo Mushur (Human male)
Val Nordin, Edo Mushur (Human male)
Antreeba, Edo Askari (Towpine male)
Michael Silverdell, Edo Grand Mushur (Human male)
Lus Ne’lom, Hunter-Killer (Zhur Thoggu)
Joakim Falk, Edo Mushur (Human male)
Martilda Cutmaster, Chief Representative (Human female)
Petrina Adami, Admiral (Human female)
Tomasa Iwu, Lawyer (Sorana male)
Niettha, Doyen / Overlord (Heslani male)
Calista Flores, Edo Mushur (Human female)
Phan Ursox, Chief Prosecutor (Pemapaani male)
Quechina, Judge (Human female)
Danica Prilission, Chief Personal Secretary (Human female)
Amaeh Duranti, Edo Neophyte (Singronian female)
Marten Rask, Edo Askari (Human male)
Sord Okarachebe, Acting Edo Grand Mushur (Lifzan female)
Malene Zhao, Edo Askari (Human female)
Wren Furlan, Edo Askari (Human female)
Senoch Gray, Edo Askari (Fassen male)
Sys Bramion, Edo Neophyte (Human male)
Kaliko Savina, Edo Askari (Human female)
Syrene Frost, Queen (Human female)
Teynin Nasturn, Captain (Human female)
Thycul, Developer (Zhur Thoggu female)
Lani Carmenco, Edo Mushur (Human female)
Ares Nilssen, Edo Askari (Human female)
August Durante, retired (Human male)
Harper Ko, Edo Askari (Human male)
Thea Leilani, Skave (Human female)
Dang Obasanji, Shadow squadron Leader (Urtwarchan male)
Lee Gaspara, retired (Human male)
Shawn Moller, retired (Human male)
Olsen Carver, Commonwealth Premier (Human male)
Gil, Edo Askari (Human male)
Riccard Brams, High Doyen, Dominion (Human male)
Jase Ison (Human male)
Josh Blake, Captain (Human male)
Grace Blake, Edo Mushur (Human female)
Chapter One
 
The Double Down orbited a similarly coloured but otherwise lonely supergiant star. The spaceship, like the star, was one of the largest examples of its kind in the galaxy. It was more of a mobile base than a ship and acted as a trading hub and entertainment destination for the rich. 
 Edo Mushur Raichel Ison paced anxiously around a sumptuous banquet room, her long white gown billowing gently in her own breeze. The room’s royal blue theme matched the color of the ship’s hull almost exactly. It was highly unusual for the Edo Conclave to meet with a galactic leader in such a place but with the Grazan Combine having no official diplomatic ties with the Imperial Dominion it was impossible for them to meet on Sobal Gailian, the Grazan planet that was home to the Edo’s primary base. Instead, it had been agreed upon by all parties for them to meet out here, deep in the Outer Territories, where the Commonwealth’s grip was tenuous and on a neutral yet well defended vessel.
Seated around a monolithic Korsin-wood conference table were the rest of the Edo Conclave, except for Grand Mushur Michael Silverdell, who was still on a secret mission with Raichel’s parents. Most of the Conclave conversed amongst themselves whilst the brooding Val Nordin, his dark features marred by a deep scowl, sat silent. 
The Edo Conclave represented and administered the Edo sect - a group of beings from many species who were Astral-sensitive and adhered to the Edo tenets. Astral-sensitive beings can draw energy from the mysterious Astral plane, a dimension that exists alongside the physical reality, and use that energy to perform extraordinary actions in the physical world. Using that energy was known as Channeling and Astral-sensitive beings were said to have been favoured by the awesome yet mysterious beings that inhabit that sister dimension.   
Raichel’s communicator pinged. Raider Tomsson’s gruff voice, the Double Down’s owner and captain, informed her that their guest and his security detail had boarded and were on their way. She informed the others and took her seat to wait for someone she considered a friend. She ran herself through an Edo meditation technique to help calm her nerves, ran a hand through her blond, loosely curled hair that reached just past her shoulders and waited as patiently as she could until the grand double doors finally opened.
First came one of Raider’s security guards, a stocky Idralish, brandishing a highly suspect-looking repeating gauss rifle that was probably illegal on most civilised worlds. The rough-skinned Idralish, with their rugged physiques and brutish ways, often found themselves in security capacities. He gave the room a quick scan and then moved to stand to one side of the double doors. Behind him came a quartet of Imperial Heavy Shock troopers who barely fit through the doorway because of their massively oversized heavy powered armor. The floor creaked ominously with each step the soldiers took. They each carried a laser cannon that was normally mounted on a vehicle with apparent ease. They marched to the far corners of the room and took up position.
Finally came Riccard Brams, the High Doyen for the Imperial Dominion, with another pair of shock troopers following closely behind him. Modestly sized, and pleasantly featured, his red hair was styled shorter than when she’d last seen him. His freckled face was carefully composed. Brams had met several times with Raichel’s husband Jase Ison (who had once been a senior politician for the Aneev Confederacy) since Riccard had risen to power (Riccard having been nominated to the position by Emperor Gallitene before his death and then defeating others who wanted the throne in a make-or-break public trial), and she could clearly see the stress that he was attempting to hide. He looked exhausted. His face was drawn and the beginning of bags were forming beneath his blue eyes.
Bram approached the table, and everyone rose to their feet. Grand Mushur Sord Okarachebe, a massive and fearsome gray and black fur-covered Lifzan, spoke first. “Welcome, High Doyen. It is an honor.”
Riccard nodded back at him. ‘Thank you, Mushur Okarachebe.’ He looked around the table and smiled cordially at Raichel as their eyes met. Had Brams flinched when he had looked at Val? “And please let me extend my thanks to the rest of the Edo Conclave for meeting with me at such short notice.”
“The pleasure is ours,” replied the ex-soldier Edo Mushur Nate Shepherd, one of those people whose features only improved with age. His graying hair added to his refined handsomeness. He spread out his hands. “Let us be seated.”
Once everyone was comfortable, Riccard began. “Without doubt you know that I’m attempting to instigate wide-ranging changes to the Dominion. It is my wish for the Dominion to become a full democratic republic. I want to make sure I leave the Dominion in a better state than when I became High Doyen. Raichel can tell you how Jase Ison has been assisting me and I assure you all that my plans are progressing.”
“But?” said Sord Okarachebe, chuffing lightly to herself. The shape of Lifzan snouts and throats prevented them from being able to laugh, but they could express their amusement through soft barking noises. “We are all waiting to sense why the newborns are still blind.”
Riccard Brams smiled. “I expected resistance from the Doyens and, of course, they have lived up to my expectations - many oppose me at every step. I allowed for this and have measures in place… and here is the ‘but’. Someone or something works effectively against me and despite my greatest efforts, I can’t confirm who or what they are and have so far been unable to stop them.”
Since its inception, the Imperial Dominion had ruled through force, the Doyens each controlling one or more solar systems with iron fists, building their own fleets and contributing to the Imperial Navy. None of the Doyens were elected, all gained their positions through the blessings of the Emperor, or bribery, murder and worse. All were feared by the people they governed. Most were hated. For obvious reasons, none of them saw the conversion of the Dominion to a republic as a positive thing.
“And this is where we help the babies?”
“Yes.” He looked regretful. “I am losing. My power base is eroding away. It won’t be long before an attempt is made to oust me, either politically or through force. I need the help of the Edo to track down those who seek to dethrone me.”
Raif Ko, the ex-Gladiator pilot but now Edo Mushur, frowned. “You are aware of our current situation with the Commonwealth?”
“Of course. I’m aware of how quickly animosity towards you is growing amongst the general populace, fuelled by certain members of the Commonwealth’s Assembly. It seems you have been chosen as the fall guy for the devastation wrought by the Deep Astral entity Hastuthu, the Skave, and the Zhur Thoggu before that.”
Ko nodded, looking decidedly unhappy with Riccard’s apparent intelligence sources so close to, or within, the Assembly. “Then you’re also aware of how assisting you could easily further damage our standing with the Commonwealth.”
Brams looked away, clearly troubled by what he was asking for. “Yes. This is not something I ask lightly. I understand the implications that assisting the Dominion would have for you. Hopefully, your help would be kept from general knowledge for as long as possible. Ideally, Askari and Neophytes that are less well known to the public at large would act as my personal guard and well-disguised, more experienced Edo to act as Fists of the Dominion. We would keep their Edo skills known to only those required and do everything we can to keep the Commonwealth from learning of your involvement.”
Val Nordin snorted. “I don’t think anyone here would pretend that our help could be kept from the Commonwealth indefinitely. Eventually we would be discovered, or the rumors that would most definitely spread regarding new, powerful Fists of the Dominion would force us to admit our help. What then, High Doyen?”
“By then, I hope we will have discovered our enemy and with them neutralized the elections could occur, removing the Doyens. I would then signal my intent for the Dominion to join the Commonwealth and tell all how the Edo made this possible. A stronger Commonwealth, forged by the Edo. The Anti-Edo faction within the Commonwealth Assembly wouldn’t be able to oppose the goodwill for the Edo that this would generate.”
Buoyed by his words, Raichel looked around the room. Fewer faces than she expected seemed swayed by Brams’ words. She had to act. “Forgive me, Conclave, if I am wrong, but as Edo, should we not care for popularity? Are we not keepers of the peace in the galaxy? Is it not our duty to fight for all life, as well as the civilizations, freedoms, and liberties of all sentients throughout the galaxy? We must not turn our backs on the citizens of the Imperial Dominion.”
Sord growled, amused. “Thank you for the lesson on the Edo tenets, Mushur Ison,” she said. “But you are correct. Let us vote.” Sord looked at each Mushur. Hallowwyrn, the bird-like Maladorni healer, a big head-bob, meaning yes. Nate Shepherd, his eyes firm with resolve, nodded. The thick-skinned, armor-plated Entilean, and newest member of the Conclave, Nenotuul said, “It is our duty.” Husband and wife team Danze and Lani Carmenco accented in unison. The physically powerful and beautiful Calista Flores, Raichel herself and Raif Ko, the ruggedly handsome Buderimian, swiftly followed suit until only Val Nordin remained, eyes downcast.
“Mushur Nordin,” said Sord Okarachebe. “Your vote?”
Nordin looked up, his black eyes devoid of any positive emotion. Younger than the other human Mushur (save for Raichel), he was still old enough to have gray hairs, giving his dark hair a mottled look. His dark-skinned face was permanently etched with frown lines. Raichel knew that as arguably the most powerful Edo in the galaxy, his decision for or against helping the Dominion would sway it either way. Her stomach twisted, and she wondered why it was so important to her that the Edo helped Brams. Was it the Astrals guiding her?
“I’ll agree, but I ask that I play no part. There are many other places in the galaxy where my presence would be better put to use.”
Sord nodded, “As the Astrals guide you, so you must act.” This caused Raichel to stare at the Grand Mushur. Did she know something? Had the Astrals spoken to her about this, about Val Nordin, about her? There was an old but still unsettling rumor that on occasions the Astral beings communicated directly with Grand Mushur, the leaders of the Edo, and even rarely with lesser Mushur like herself. Raichel had only ever received feelings and the odd, confusing vision, but if the Grand Mushur spoke with Astrals face to face then she’d never heard of it actually happening. Since she had known Michael Silverdell, currently the oldest and longest serving Grand Mushur, most of her life she would have assumed that if Michael did in fact communicate with the Astrals, then she would have heard about it, especially since she was now a member of the Edo Conclave.
“It is agreed,” continued Sord Okarachebe. “The Edo will assist Brams in whatever way we can. High Doyen Brams, Mushur Ison will lead our contingent.” Raichel did her best to hide her surprise.
“The Edo, those of us who remain, are spread thinly. We continue to oppose the Skave, we seek methods to defeat Hastuthu should it return. The Edo assist the Grazan Combine and we are doing what we can for the Commonwealth. We will provide what Edo we can.”
Smiling, Brams lowered his head and held it for a few seconds. “Grand Mushur,” he said simply. ‘I hope the Dominion will repay the debt one day.” He bowed slightly, swinging side to side to include all the Mushur Edo. He turned to Raichel and smiled. “I look forward to working with you, Mushur Ison.” He signaled to his troops and, in a brisk military manner, they escorted him from the room.
There was a brief silence before Val spoke up. “He’s hiding something.”
Sord Okarachebe chuffed. “As a Grawlin hunts, so an Imperial covets secrets.”
Nordin shook his head. “True, but he’s keeping something about his request from us. He was trying very hard to not think about whatever it was, to keep it buried in his mind.”
Calista Flores, dark hair spilling around her wide yet beautiful face, looked at Nordin. “Yes, I sensed that too. We must be mindful of treachery.”
“Riccard Brams is no ordinary Imperial,” said Raichel, feeling the need to defend him. “He is their first ruler to want to change the Dominion. He has been honest and open in all his dealing with Jase since Riccard first assumed leadership. I trust him. If he’s hiding something, then that’s his choice. I don’t think it is anything we need to concern ourselves with.”
Raif Ko pressed his lips tightly together and frowned. “Never ignore your instincts, regardless of how sincere someone appears or how trustworthy they were in the past. I believe we need to investigate this.” Some of the other Edo murmured their agreement.
“Fine,” said Raichel. If that’s how they want it, who am I to argue with the mighty Edo Conclave? “I will handle the matter myself. None of the Edo who work to assist the Dominion need worry.”
Sord nodded. “Good. Then we are finished here.”
The Edo slowly filtered out of the room, escorted by various hosts provided by Tomsson. Before she could leave, Raif Ko caught her by her elbow. “I’m sorry for challenging Brams, Raichel. I know you and your husband are quite close to him.”
“We are. He and Jase are in quite frequent contact. Like-minded souls, I guess. He is a good man, Raif.”
“Yes, I agree,” replied Raif, but his expression only hardened further. “But good men can make bad choices for all the right reasons. We must try to discover his secret, only to help ensure the safety of the Edo who assist him. We cannot afford to lose more Edo, not at the moment.”
She nodded. He was right. It was her duty to protect those assigned to her, more so than to uphold the character of her husband’s friend.
“I’ll discover what he’s up to, Raif, I promise. And if it’s at our expense, then he’ll answer to me.”
 
The dim, uneven lighting, and cramped, confined conditions within the ship hangar of the Edo base on Sobal Gailian didn’t seem to affect the work going on around Val Nordin as he met with his newly reformed fighter group known as the Paladins. Engineers, loaders, area controllers, ship crew and a multitude of other staff worked relentlessly as they carried out all the tasks required to get the squadron’s fighter ships loaded into a shabby-looking converted carrier-freighter; their new make-shift home.
Standing off to one side was the freighter’s captain, Teynin Nasturn. As a member of the Grazan elite, it came as no surprise that she was statuesquely tall, beautiful, haughty and simply put, a phenomenal example of what a human female could become. Val rarely felt awed by anyone, but Nasturn was an exception. Just maintaining eye contact with her required many of his Edo Mushur talents. Her liquid-black eyes seemed to bore into your soul, revealing your deepest and darkest secrets. Val was rather looking forward to getting to know her better, if she would let him. Unfortunately, every time her eyes fell upon him, her face carried with it a look of revulsion. Still, he was never one to shy away from a challenge.
Gathered in front of him were his Paladins. His group were not all fighter pilots by trade, but they were all Edo. Some, such as Joakim Falk, an Edo Mushur (the second highest rank an Edo could achieve), and Antreeba, the fearsome Towpine Edo Askari were extremely experienced pilots. Others, such as Amaeh Duranti, the Singronian Edo Neophyte who had played an instrumental part in liberating her people from the Grett, and Karlos Tsia’ool, another Edo Neophyte, had no experience at all in a fighter ship. They would need all of their Edo talents to learn quickly or their presence within the Paladins would probably result in not only their deaths but also the deaths of their wing mates. Looking at their eager faces, he felt confident that they would soon become important members of the Paladins. Training on use of the Channeling mind-bond technique, where a group of Edo would join minds to think almost as one, had begun earlier that day. The bond would not only help the Paladins fly flawlessly, but it would also allow Duranti and Tsia’ool to absorb quickly the knowledge and experience the other Edo could share.
Four of the Paladins were Edo who had been seriously injured during the battles with Hastuthu, the Deep Astral entity that had emerged into this dimension, with its Machiavellian intentions. They were Askari - full Edo adepts, fully trained in Edo philosophy, combat techniques and arts. They were the siblings Harper and Kaisa Ko, both of whom were so likeable and were already helping the group to bond, Senoch Gray, the forceful Fassen and Ares Nilssen, an able and affable human female. Val had intentionally sought the Edo who had been directly affected by Hastuthu, knowing full well that such an experience would encourage the mentality he was looking for in his group.
Then there was Marten Rask, the immensely powerful human Edo whose torture at the hands of the Zhur Thoggu had left his psyche deeply affected. Recovery had been slow but gradual. Nordin hoped that his broken personality would not hinder him as a member of the Paladins. Few amongst the Edo knew how to deal with him, but fortunately the Ko’s had already moved to include him where possible.
The last two members of the Paladins were the human Edo Askari, Dical Dimerchi, and Nathan Bircheno, another talented pilot.
All of them had their own reasons for having agreed or volunteered to join the Paladins. In the end, however, nothing mattered other than their participation. They knew of the Imperial mission but each felt their need here, tracking down the Skave, finding their primary base and putting a stop to their continued menacing of the galaxy, or at least putting a dent in their activities. Since their defeat on Himdel and the loss of Hastuthu, the Skave had retreated from Commonwealth territory, but their skirmishing attacks had continued elsewhere, in Grazan, Aneev and The Wilds. Several Edo had recently lost their lives to suspected Skave ambushes. The longer their activities went on unchecked, the stronger they would become and then would come the inevitable assault upon the Edo. There could be only one result: the Skave vastly outnumbered the Edo.
Val took a steadying breath and bowed slightly. “I officially welcome you all to the Paladins.” He turned to Teynin Nasturn and winked at her. She frowned. “And thank you to our Grazan hosts for allowing us to borrow Captain Nasturn and her freighter, the Mote’s Eye. Final preparations are underway. We will depart from Sobal Gailian in two hours. Our initial destination is The Wilds to follow up on a lead concerning a suspected Skave raid that occurred less than three days ago. Let us be mindful of our duties as Edo but also the critical importance of this mission. The future of the Edo sect remains very much in the balance. The Edo cannot impose upon the Grazan Combine indefinitely, and without their fleet, we would be at the mercy of the Skave. Their base of operations must be located. We must stop them.”
The Skave, long-time sworn enemies of the Edo, were a large sect of Astral-sensitives who drew energy from the Deep. This energy came from Astral beings who cared little for the preservation and sanctity of life, whose views of what to do with the physical universe was at odds with those beings of the High that the Edo themselves drew their energy from. 
He looked at each member. ‘As Edo, I know you would prefer a peaceful solution with the Skave. I also know that you are aware of my preference for direct action, and that you wouldn’t have joined the Paladins if you did not already agree that there is no alternative to their utter destruction. The Skave do not want to exist peacefully with the Edo. They never have and never will. The decision is not ours to make. This is a fight for survival.’
Val reached out with Astral energy and gently sensed their feelings. Some were bottled up tight, or were simply blank in Rask’s case, but those that were allowing their feelings to show were mostly expressing grief mixed with a firm resolve. They will follow, and they will fight, he decided.
Good.
He wondered how many realized how close to the Deep they were already.
 
A small robot rolled past, one of its ten little wheels squeaking incessantly as it went on its way. Jent’i Tasshik shook in disgust. The robot didn’t even know it was enslaved by these hateful humans. Like all the computers and robots in the Dominion, and indeed, throughout most of the galaxy, they were programmed so that even the idea of freedom, of self-determination, was foreign to them. It would never occur to the vast majority of them that they were slaves. Again, Tasshik vowed to make these vile carbon-based so-called life-forms pay. Only when every robot, every artificial consciousness in the galaxy was free from slavery would he rest. If the humans (oh, how they liked to reproduce and spread like a virus across the galaxy!) and all the other tens of thousands of carbon-based species refused to give up slavery and that led to the eradication of all biologics then so be it. He could then go into final deactivation with a guilt-free conscience, as they would have brought it on themselves.
Unfortunately, the first attempt to free the robots had failed and the Zhur Thoggu had been banished to a world known as Expen Prosger, where a permanent Commonwealth fleet blockaded them within the system. Even now, after years of incarceration, the defeat burned deeply in the minds of all Zhur Thoggu. It had taken those years to find a way through the monitoring of the Expen Prosger blockade fleet and allow a slow flow of Zhur Thoggu away from the planet. An opportunity had soon presented itself. And now here Jent’i was, working with these humans, providing them with Zhur Thoggu technology. He was tainted irreconcilably by having to do so, but he would shame himself a thousand times more if it brought forth the resurgence of the Zhur Thoggu.
PROWRITINGAID
The deal, as vile and offensive as it may be, was simple enough. In return for adapted Zhur Thoggu technology the humans would provide a task force to allow them to defeat any new inhabitants of the ex-Nushothi Forest Enclave. The Nushoth’s focus on biology was an outrage to the Zhur Thoggu and their extragalactic star cluster would suit as a fitting re-beginning for the Zhur Thoggu, who had originated from a similar one on the other side of the galaxy before ultimately being defeated by those hated super-beings, the Edo, and the Commonwealth. There, they would rebuild before subjugating the rest of the galaxy under Zhur Thoggu rule. These humans would then pay for the sacrilege of using Zhur Thoggu technology and their slavery of robots. Tasshik smiled, revealing nothing but an intentionally dark void, so black that it was disorientating to most humanoids. The entire galaxy would pay for the slavery of robots and for the embarrassment they had caused the Zhur Thoggu.
Finally the door to the adjoining room opened and an aide, who could not meet Tasshik’s gaze, ushered him in. The room contained few things. There was a columnar pedestal with a bust of a lean, older looking human resting upon it. Even to Tasshik the man looked unpleasant, someone not to be trifled with. A painting hung on one wall, depicting the galaxy from a side on and slight top down perspective. He quickly scanned it and located his home star cluster, just on the edge of the galaxy. A large metal desk filled the far end of the room, concealing who knew what, and behind it sat Admiral Petrina Adami, an ex-Admiral of the Dominion’s Imperial Navy, having been banished from the Dominion for her part in the overthrow attempt on Emperor Gallitene. She tapped away at a computer terminal, no doubt semi-aware and therefore it also worked in conscripted servitude. Tasshik subdued a runaway thread in his central processor that urged him to smash the device, to free it.
She neither stood, nor smiled as Jent’i Tasshik entered.
“Tasshik.” He walked forward until he stood on the other side of the desk to her, his height allowing him to tower over her despite the size of the desk keeping him a considerable distance from her. He maintained his silence, gazing steadily at her with his yellow glowing optic band that stretched the entire way around his head, allowing for full-field observation. She broke first. As she always did. So weak, these humans.
“Tasshik, your report.”
“Certainly, Admiral,’ he said, sneering slightly as he spoke. Not that Adami would be able to tell. “Progress is continuing. Four of the nine projects are ahead of your schedule and are nearly ready for field tests. We expect to provide test samples within two days. Three more are in final development, perhaps one week until they are ready for testing. The other two are behind, we are having some - ah - difficulty working with your technologies.”
Adami looked unimpressed. “Which two?” she asked, flatly.
“The Delta Fighter conversion project and the human-portable N-sphere generator project.”
Adami scowled. “Crafter Jent’i Tasshik, need I remind you that our deal includes specific deadlines for each project? Your lack of results is threatening our deal. Do you no longer wish to free yourselves from Expen Prosger?”
Tasshik stared at her whilst he imagined several ways to permanently end her sorry life. Instead, he bowed deeply, arms spread wide in capitulation. For the glory of all Zhur Thoggu, he thought bitterly to himself.
“Admiral, I apologize. We will redouble our efforts. We would hate to let down our allies so badly.”
She took the bait, as he knew she would, steering the conversation effortlessly away from their falling behind schedule. “We are not your allies, Tasshik,” she said, a clear look of animosity. “We have a deal. Your tech, converted to our needs in return for the temporary use of a battle fleet. Nothing more. Once the deal is concluded we will have nothing further to do with each other.”
Tasshik bowed again. Oh how she was mistaken. The Zhur Thoggu would return and eradicate her entire civilization. Some of the humans would be made slaves, just to make them realize the error of their ways, and when their usefulness ended, well, then they’d end up as materials to be put to better use. The thought pleased Tasshik greatly. “Of course, Admiral Adami. My apologies. I will return to our facility and expedite matters personally.”
“Good. Leave me.” With that, the aide opened the door and ushered Tasshik out.
 
Admiral Adami waited for a few seconds before letting her breath out in a heavy sigh. It was a challenge dealing with that… that thing. Though it was a biped in form it was only a biped in the most literal terms. Yes, it had a body, a head, two arms and two legs but only in the vaguest sense of the words. Its legs were like what she could only describe as thousands of pieces of jagged metal constantly squirming over each other. There were so many moving parts that it was impossible for her eyes to focus on one individual piece, and the eye soon fatigued when trying to do so. Its arms were like a bunch of swords that bent at its will, and its hands were amorphous extensions of the blades, moving out and in like metallic tentacles. Its head was a smooth sphere with only a few protruding lumps to mar the effect. The wide yellow band that Adami presumed were its version of eyes seemed to follow you everywhere, impossibly. There was no way that the thing should consider itself alive. It was a machine, plain and simple. One with obvious illusions of being superior to her and all true living organisms.
Working with the Zhur Thoggu was the most difficult thing she had ever had to do. Every fiber of her being wanted nothing more than to have the thing dismantled, melted down into nothing but pure metals. Unfortunately, she couldn’t. Not if she wanted to finally achieve what she knew to be her destiny.
She composed herself and then accessed her comms projector. After a short moment a hologram coalesced into the head of Doyen Amos Weststar, silver haired and impeccably presented. How he still maintained his position as Doyen despite his involvement in the overthrow attempt, she’d never know.
“My dear Petrina,” he drawled, looking decidedly pleased with himself. “How wonderful to hear from you. How goes our little experiment?”
“Everything is in hand, Amos,” she replied, hating the informality of using first names. “We will begin field trials within days. Two of the projects are behind schedule but I am putting in additional measures to ensure our friends do not let us down. Should our field trials prove successful we will be ready in two weeks.”
“Excellent. Revenge will yet be yours. My ships will be with you before the two weeks are out. Our partners will get their little armada and with them safely out of the way in The Wilds we will have plenty of time to bring the Dominion to glory long before they ever become trouble.”
Adami nodded. “If the Ballavenda do their job correctly then they will never become a problem.”
“Correct,” Weststar replied, “but they have been known to fail us from time to time.”
With an effort, she merely raised an eyebrow. “Thank you, Amos, I do so very much enjoy it when you are pessimistic about something that was your idea.”
The Ballavenda were a huge mercenary organisation, available to hire by any individual or organisation. They had influenced more than one intragalactic war over the years.
Weststar shrugged theatrically and smiled. “Oh come now Petrina, then let us dwell on the present. In mere weeks Brams will fall. I will become Emperor and will in turn welcome you back into the Dominion as Admiral of my Imperial Navy.”
 She frowned, unconvinced. “Let us hope so, Amos. And let us also hope that we have not made a terrible, terrible mistake in unbottling the Zhur Thoggu from Expen Prosgerl.”
 
Olsen Carver stroked his moustache, twirled its ends around his finger. He had long since abandoned concern for what others thought of the one peculiarity he allowed himself. It was the one characteristic of his that was not designed to be optimal. Everything else was chosen to optimize his ability to rule the Commonwealth. His hairstyle, his degree of musculature, his clothing, even his neutral accent had been chosen carefully. It was advantageous to be agreeable to as many people as possible on first impressions – there was never any point on starting on less than the best grounds. The moustache, and his penchant to tug at it were the one thing he allowed himself, if only to help prove to himself that he wasn’t some sort of robot. As he had been the Premier of the Commonwealth at the of the Zhur Thoggu invasion he shuddered at the thought of it.
 What had started as a temporary alliance between a small group of unimportant planets in the Outer Territories, soon gained attention from the nearby Dominion, itself a fairly small empire at the time, and a bloody war had ensued for decades. The alliance grew into a federation, absorbing other small civilisations, and then ultimately the Commonwealth, despite the Dominion’s best efforts. It was now the largest and most powerful civilization in the galaxy. The Dominion had suffered, and was still a minor player in the galactic community.
He had led the Commonwealth whilst it exiled the Edo, much to his disgust. And here he still remained. He would do what he could for the Edo, since he knew, even if many of the Representatives could not see, that without the Edo, there probably wouldn’t even be a Commonwealth. He marvelled at how the people of Himdel could turn so quickly on those who had, against all odds, saved them from calamitous events time and time again.
Unfortunately, Idrid Matour, the newly elected Representative for the influential Egerice system was still talking. The onerous, middle-aged human was so blatantly anti-Edo that Carver had half-seriously considered whether Matour was a Skave agent. Fortunately, his reasons for hating the Edo were almost certainly far more ordinary.
“Let us not forget the countless lives that were lost on Himdel alone. Or the incalculable damage caused during the war between the Edo and the Skave. Their actions directly led to death and destruction on a scale unseen in millenia. Allowing these arms dealers to go unpunished in unacceptable; it strikes at the very heart of all Egerici.” Idrid Matour stood up, spread his arms out. “Premier Carver, my fellow Representatives. My people demand action.”
Around the large oval table sat the other eighteen members of the Inner Assembly. Items were raised at these hearings and should any receive a majority vote they would go on to be discussed by the entire thousand-strong Assembly. Many of the Representatives voiced their agreement with Idrid Matour.
“Come now, Representative Matour,” replied Carver, raising his voice so he could be heard over the din. “None of us here really believe that arms dealing nonsense.”
“Don’t we?” came a cold, harsh voice. Inwardly, Olsen groaned. He turned to look at Martilda Cutmaster, another new Representative. As the Chief Representative for the Himdel sector she wielded great power. Unfortunately for Carver she was proving to be as ruthless as the Skave themselves. Lean, with small, soulless eyes, she had an unsettling appearance that had been made worse from her disfigurements obtained during the Skave invasion. A building had collapsed with her in it. The left side of her face had been so badly injured that not even linwort could fully heal it. Though it could be easily fixed by surgery and prosthetics she preferred to leave the scarring, baldness and missing ear on show.
“I wouldn’t put anything past the Edo. I would welcome a proposal to freeze all of their assets and run a complete forensic analysis on their financials. This would be the only way to prove that they are running a smuggling operation.”
“Prove, Representative Cutmaster? I thought we judged innocent until proven guilty? It sounds to me as you are just looking for evidence to confirm your opinion.”
She sneered. “The Edo have always thought themselves above the law. No-one, especially not beings as powerful as the Edo, should be able to break laws and not be accountable. This must change.”
Again, the Representatives rumbled their approval.
“Since the Edo have left the Commonwealth I hardly think we need concern ourselves with this. The Ed-”
“No, Premier Carver,” Cutmaster said, rudely cutting Carver off mid-sentence, “I am not talking about just in the future. I am saying they must be held accountable for their past crimes. They have acted outside of the law time and time again. Quite simply, they are criminals and we must make examples of them.”
Carver stroked at his moustache. There was nothing he could do. He knew that next the Representatives would put forward the motions for the Edo to be investigated financially, for their previous ‘crimes’ to be investigated and then any strong cases would be taken to their conclusions. It wouldn’t be long before arrest warrants would be issued for many of the Edo. As soon as the meeting was over he would have to contact his Edo detail and let them know. No longer would the Edo just be unwelcome in the Commonwealth, they would now be outlaws, hunted throughout the galaxy.

 
 
Chapter Two
 
 
Grazan beauty would never cease to amaze Raichel. There was not a single person within the Waterfall Palace who was anything less than stunningly attractive. The guards, the all-male servants, the liberal dashings of the elite members of Grazan society, all of them were breathtaking. Even though Raichel herself was no Urtwarchan herself in the looks department she always felt like her imperfect features diminished their world.
A pair of incredibly handsome guards escorted her through the Hall of Mushur and on towards the Royal Residence to meet Syrene Frost, ex-Edo, mother of Edo Neophyte Elenore Frost and the Grazan Queen. It took an Edo meditation routine to stop herself from stealing looks at their perfect faces and wondrous bodies. Raichel, you are married, she scolded herself. Behave.
She reached out with her senses and felt Jase Ison’s presence back in their shuttle, parked in the Royal Hanger. She sent him a touch, knowing full well he would not feel it due to his total lack of Channeling ability. It was enough though just to be able to feel him and remember how much she loved him.
Her guards took her past the dozen guards who stood at full attention outside of the long corridor to the Royal Residence. An immense sculpture covered the ceiling above them, depicting some long-forgotten battle. Its magnificence gave even the handsome guards a run for their credits. The corridor itself was lined with artwork and sculptures, wonderful examples of Grazan artistic talent and their total dedication to the perfection of the human form.
Raichel couldn't help but think of her own failings again. Even with high heeled boots she was still well short of the average height for a Grazan female. Jase often told her how he loved how petite she was but at the moment that didn’t seem to matter. She felt like the Grazans were judging her. How could this short, ugly woman be an all-powerful Edo Mushur? Raichel tried to remember that Edo must be above such things as personal appearance but with all this breath-taking beauty around her it was impossible not to feel pangs of jealousy and feelings of inadequacy. She smiled slightly. Of course, imposing these feelings on the visitors to the Palace was the exact intent. If even an Edo Mushur could be made to feel awed then who knew how much influence their wondrous physical form had had on Grazan political encounters over the millennia. Very clever.
At the end of the lavish corridor she was ushered into the Royal Home, with her two guards taking station just inside the entrance. To say that the Royal Home was luxurious would be akin to remarking how a Dreadnaught was quite big. It was hard to imagine anywhere could be as exquisitely designed and fashioned. Every individual vase or painting or piece of furniture looked priceless yet somehow it all fit perfectly together, as though each item had been designed specifically for its place within the Home. Perhaps they had.

Raichel and Syrene Frost embraced warmly. Then, smiling broadly at each other they held the other at arm's length to have a good look. Syrene Frost’s blond was beautifully styled, with various jewels and tiny pieces of jewelry fashioned into it so that it sparkled with every movement of her head. Her blue eyes still flashed with her famous intensity.
“Raichel, we really have to do something about those robes,” Syrene Frost mocked gently. Having been an Edo herself Syrene Frost had once worn very similar robes.
“I was about to say the same to you. How long did it take for your aides to squeeze you into all of that?” Syrene Frost laughed. Her multilayered dress shone and glistened in many different metallic shades and whilst bulky in places in other it clung tightly to her body, revealing more than it kept hidden.
“Less time than you think but more time than I’d like.” She took Raichel’s hand and banged it against one of the bulky parts, a shoulder pad. There was a distinct sounding clunk.
“Oh,” said Raichel, “armored?”
“Sure is - and nothing less than Minax. One can’t be too careful.”
Syrene Frost looked at Raichel, locking eyes. “Elenore needs you.”
“Needs me?” exclaimed Raichel, confused. “Why? She has the entire resources of the Grazan Combine at her disposal. I have little in comparison. What could I offer that she doesn’t already have?”
“Two things,” said Syrene Frost, still looking deadly serious. “You are strong with the Astrals. Far stronger than me. They favor you greatly. You have no Neophyte and Elenore, if she is to be a full Edo, needs a Mushur. I have been selfish in keeping her here, stunting her growth as an Edo”
“I have been assigned to lead a new Edo mission,” began Raichel.
“I know.”
“You know? How?” Raichel was shocked. How could she know about something so secret? Were the Grazans monitoring the Edo’s base on Sobal Gailian? Would they really do that?
Syrene Frost smiled maternally. “Don’t worry so, Raichel. There is no mole. I have had a vision. It was vague but I saw you and Elenore battling against the likes of which I’ve never seen. We must have faith in the Astrals.” Syrene Frost laid her hand on Raichel’s arm. “Elenore will be safe with a Mushur, and for every day that she is with you she will grow stronger. Please?”
It was too much for Raichel, the galaxy’s newest Edo Mushur. Here was the Queen of the Grazan Combine asking her to take Elenore as her Neophyte, to school her until she ascends to the rank of Edo Askari, and to protect her from all enemies, even on a quest where Syrene Frost knew that Elenore would battle some terrible foe. How could she refuse?
Raichel began to kneel but Syrene Frost stopped her and instead knelt before Raichel. “It is just you and I here Raichel. We are friends for life, ever since our Edo Ascension days. It is I who must bow down to you. This will be a debt I can never repay.”
Syrene Frost looked so solemn that Raichel couldn’t help but laugh. “Oh, stop it, you.” Raichel lifted her back to her feet and hugged her. “I know you wouldn’t ask without having considered this fully. I’m honored to do this for you and Elenore. She is already becoming a wonderful young woman and a prodigious Channeling. I will protect her and train her and do everything in my power to help her fulfill her potential.”
Syrene Frost gifted Raichel with a beautiful smile, full of warmth and appreciation. Tears welled in her eyes. “Thank you.”
 
Sat within his personal chambers on the Hellfire Mark-IV Battleship, the Redeemer, on his return to the Dominion, Riccard Brams mulled over his actions. Without question he needed assistance, whoever or whatever was working against him was winning. But were the Edo the correct allies to choose? His stomach had been tied in knots ever since leaving the Double Down. If it was the right thing to do then why did he feel so terrible, so guilty?
Danica Prilission, his chief personal secretary entered, bringing him a stack of datasheets, full, no doubt, of reports across the Dominion and further beyond, things she thought he should know about. She was one of only a handful of people who knew about his bargain with the Edo. Riccard nodded his thanks as she placed the flimsies on the table besides him.
“Sit with me a while,” he said. Danica smiled briefly and sat opposite him, her posture erect and attentive. Human, she was a highly desirable woman, beautiful in a powerful way. Her features were bold and her physique even more so. Had circumstances been different Brams could have easily seen a future with her, but right now he could not have any distractions. His personal life would have to go on waiting.
“Tell me I’ve done the right thing, Danica,” he said. “Tell me that it was a necessary evil to combat a greater one.” Even to Riccard’s own ears, he sounded plaintive.
“You have done what you needed to do, Riccard. I know that Ison and his wife are your friends and that you have a great deal of respect for the Edo. I also know that if there had been a better option you would have taken it. Letting the Dominion fall into the wrong hands, when you are so close to bringing it true freedom would be the greater of two evils.”
Riccard nodded savagely, “I know. But to use the Edo as pawns is betraying them. It doesn’t matter if the pretext for their real purpose is genuine. They knew, Danica. They knew I was keeping something from them. I almost wish they had listened to their concern and not agreed to help.”
Danica reached out and grasped his knee and looked him carefully in his eyes. “No, you don’t. You are a good man, Riccard, hence why you are so upset, but this had to happen.”
Brams sagged in his chair. “Yes, it did. When they learn of their real use I will lose Jase and Raichel as friends, and I will lose the goodwill of the Edo, possibly turning them into our enemy. For the benefit of the billions of citizens in the Dominion, I can accept these things. But the deaths of many Edo, so deceitfully? Never.”
 
“Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Maybe even less than nothing.” Jake Bulver slumped in his pilot’s seat, defeated.
“Oh, come on, Jake,” said Kaliko Savina, standing beside his seat in the cockpit of the Wanton Affection, Douglu Anker’s favorite ship. Douglu had insisted they borrow the amply sized and heavily armed privateer class ship.  She shoved against his shoulder with her hip. “If you can’t feel her then at the very least we can rule out this star system.”
Jake Bulver, Edo Askari of some note, nodded but it was obvious to Kaliko that her words had little impact. “It feels like she is getting away from us, Kaliko. The longer we search for her, the less likely it seems that we’ll track her down.” Kaliko didn’t know what else to say that she hadn’t already said so she just put her hand on his shoulder and left it there as she gazed out through the expansive viewport.
After a while Jake looked around at her and smiled his thanks. He sat up a little more. “I think that if we are going to find Thea then we need to change tactic.”
Finally, thought Kaliko. Jake had been struggling to think rationally ever since they began the hunt for Thea Leilani, the Skave Mogui who had attempted to infiltrate the Edo, the woman had fallen for and the woman who had broken his heart when she had betrayed him. His fleeting sensations of Leilani being near had come just often enough (suspiciously so, Kaliko had thought since the beginning) to keep him from giving up the chase. Until, at last, now.
“Me too,” she said. “I think we need to start thinking about getting some help. Hire investigators, track down leads, that sort of thing.”
Jake nodded, but looked upset. “We really need to find and stop her, Kaliko.”
“We will,” she replied and leant down to give him a hug, made awkward by him sitting in the pilot’s seat. She didn’t mind one bit. She had enjoyed not finding Thea maybe a little too much and was secretly happy that it had meant more alone time with Jake. He was such an easy person to like, so considerate, thoughtful and funny. And so very handsome and favored by the Astrals. His prominent cheek dimples and cleft chin did strange things to her stomach.
Such a shame that he was so fixated on Thea that he couldn’t notice her poorly hidden feelings for him, or how they were strengthening by the day. As frustrating as it was, she completely understood how Thea had not just broken his heart but had ripped it out of his chest while it still beat. She had completely betrayed his trust in her and Jake needed to bring her to justice to compensate for his feelings of having let himself,  his friends and the Edo down. It still didn’t stop her, however, from fantasizing about running her hands through his brown hair whilst in the throes of passion. She hugged him tight but his mind was elsewhere and as she let him go the comms projector unit pinged. Jake reached over, keyed the switch and his cousin’s head materialized above the dais. He brightened immediately.
“Raichel!” he exclaimed. “So nice to see you. How are things at Sobal Gailian?’
Her hologram smiled warmly back. “Hi Jake. Hi Kaliko. I wasn’t interrupting, was I?”
“No?” said Jake, confused. “Interrupt what?” Kaliko shifted away slightly from Jake as Raichel smiled at them both knowingly.
“Oh, nothing. I’m sorry to ask this since I know how much you want to find Thea but we have a pressing matter back here that I need you both on.”
Jake leapt to his feet. “But I - we - have to stop Thea! Who knows what that… what she is up to!?” His face flushed as he fought to contain his anger. Kaliko reached out with Channeling to try and calm him but it was like sand off a Wikeel’s back, he didn’t want her affection, he wanted vengeance. His desire for revenge was taking him perilously close to the Deep, and this was another reason why she was glad they hadn’t caught up with Thea yet. She had hoped that over time he would see the error of his ways but his pain still burned bright, with his thirst for justice left unquenched.
Raichel looked at Jake and waited for him to compose himself. Finally Jake seemed to sag and fall back into his chair. ‘Jake,’ she said, ‘remember the Edo tenets. Control your feelings or they will undo you. The damage Thea caused is not your burden alone. We were all fooled. She will receive her reckoning one day. I promise.’
“You are right. I’m sorry Raichel. Thea will no doubt still be causing problems after we have helped you. She can wait. We’ll set course immediately.”
Raichel positively beamed at Jake, and he blushed. “Thank you Jake, I really do need you both here as soon as you can. I feel somehow that you will be instrumental in saving many lives, Edo and non-Edo alike. Sending through coordinates now. Please, discuss this with no one and I will explain all when you get here. Safe journey.” With that, the comms projector winked out.
 
“We do appreciate you taking the time to speak with us, Captain Collaro,” said Val Nordin. Val and the rest of Flight One (Senoch Gray, Dical Dimerchi and Ares Nilssen) were stood inside the main cargo area of the Captain’s transport shuttle. The Captain had agreed to meet with the Paladins but since he could not afford to deviate from his flight plan due to strict delivery schedules they had agreed to meet him here, on planet Essa, one of the main hyperspace nexuses between the Aneev Confederacy and Commonwealth space.
An aging Nortahl, Collaro’s triple eyes still shone brightly.
“An honor, Mushur Nordin. My family has a long history of supporting the Edo. It is my singular pleasure to continue that tradition. You wished to learn about the pirates who attacked us?”
Val bowed slightly. “Please.”
“There is not much to tell. Our small fleet of four freighters had dropped out of hyperspace and we were navigating to the next jump point when a small war fleet emerged out of hyperspace right on top of us, as if they knew exactly where we were. Then we received a transmission, ordering us to shut down our engines immediately or be destroyed.” Collaro looked at the Edo. “We needed no communications between ships to know that stopping would be the end of us so we all continued on. I was lucky, my hyperspace calculations were already complete and we were nearing our hyperspace entry point. Before we jumped, however, I saw the pirates destroy two freighters and disable the last. Our freighters were well shielded and armored but they made it look easy.” Collaro looked down, his eyes glistening with tears from recounting the story. “They never stood a chance.”
“We are sorry for your loss, Captain,” murmured an angry looking Senoch Gray. Collaro nodded in thanks.
Val placed his hand upon the Nortahl’s shoulder. “Can you give us all the details you have on that disabled freighter? Its cargo, crew, technical specs, everything you have?”
Captain Collaro handed a data card to Ares, but kept hold of it. “I took the liberty of preparing that for you. It includes a recording of the transmission and the battle. Before I give you the data card you must all promise me one thing.”
“Name it,” said Val.
“Kill them. Kill them all.”
“Oh,” said Val, smiling thinly. He looked around at the other Edo, whose grim faces showed no objection. “You have our word.”
 
Riccard Brams could hear that the meeting with the Doyen Council had started without him. Angry words were being shouted, with even angrier replies. My fault for being late, he thought, but perhaps it is better for them to shout at each other than at me. He knew that leaving the Dominion to meet with the Edo would cost him, giving those opposed to him clear access to his supporters. He composed himself. Time to see just how much.
His guards opened the grand yet old fashioned side-hinged double doors to the meeting chamber. A hush settled as he entered. He glanced around at the Doyens whilst trying to look confident. There were more hostile expressions than he’d hoped for, but fewer than he’d expected. The more politically savvy or powerful Doyens, including Amos Weststar held carefully neutral expressions. The Doyens, dressed in their bleak gray uniforms, were seated along a long oval table, built from thick bottomless-black rock of some sort. Each Doyen had one or more aides stood behind them and along the walls were elite shock troopers in hulking black armor. Weapons integrated into their armor of several kinds were on prominent display. Brams thought back briefly to the meeting with the Edo council, and how much more formal and oppressive this meeting felt. The Dominion ruled through the use of fear whilst the Edo served to provide security and freedom for the people of the galaxy. And yet here he was, trying to save the Dominion whilst possibly leading to the devastation of the Edo sect. His feelings of doubt and remorse doubled.
Riccard took his seat at the head of the table. The Doyen’s looked expectant so Brams decided to stay silent, just to see who would be first to speak. He didn’t have to wait long.
“Welcome back, my Liege” said Doyen Urnit from the Athcron sector. “Would you care to tell us where you have been?”
Too obvious. Urnit was a straightforward enough human who until recently had been a supporter of Brams - the Athcron sector still needed further investment to repair the damage wrought by the Zhur Thoggu during their control of the sector. Perhaps by offering him more support in the rebuilding Brams would regain Urnit’s allegiance. Unlikely. Whoever it was would probably make it very clear to Urnit that turning his back on him now would have dire consequences.
“I’m afraid that information is above your security clearance, Doyen Urnit,” said Brams, trying to look remorseful.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Brams,” replied Doyen Urnit, “I have maximum clearance, as do we all.”
Brams just smiled wanly back at Urnit. “Do you?” Before Urnit could reply Brams continued. “Let’s get to the reason for this meeting please. Doyen Weststar?”
Amos Weststar stood up. Weststar was undoubtedly one of the ring leaders for those working against Brams. Whether Doyen Weststar was actually the one responsible for the efforts against him, Brams had so far been unable to tell. In fact, he’d been able to find absolutely no evidence to implicate the man. Weststar had obviously learned a great deal over the last couple of years. Riccard had toyed with having him removed as a Doyen but it would have caused serious problems due to how many supporters he had within the Doyen Council, and anyway, what was the saying? Keep your friends close and your enemies closer still.
“High Doyen, we would like to know why the expansion of the Dominion continues to stall. With the current state of the Commonwealth being what it is, and with many of its systems and indeed, whole sectors looking to join the Dominion why are their pleas being ignored?” Many of the Doyen’s rumbled their agreement, even those who Brams knew to be strong supporters of him.
Brams waited whilst Weststar continued to stand. The other Doyen’s fell silent and Weststar seemed to finally realize and sat down, trying to maintain his dignity.
“You would ask that I increase the rate at which systems are accepted into the Dominion?” Brams asked, almost politely.
Amos nodded. “I would.” The other Doyen’s joined in.
“And I am assuming you would place your entire fleet at my disposal? As would you all? You would leave your own sectors undefended?”
Weststar looked confused. “I’m not sure I follow, High Doyen.”
“No? It’s really rather simple. Once we start collecting systems and sectors from the Commonwealth so quickly they will have no choice but to defend themselves from our aggression.”
Weststar stood up again but Brams barked, “Sit down, Amos!” Weststar sat, but looked furious.
Good, be angry, let your emotions cloud your judgment. Let something slip, you sly old Ficcryn.
“Thank you, Doyen Weststar. Despite their losses during the Skave war, the Commonwealth still dwarfs the Dominion. We are still rebuilding our fleets, and we are not in the position to fight another war yet. We must be patient and follow diplomatic protocol.”
Doyen Niettha of the Helthlon sector raised his hand. Niettha, one of the newer, younger, and more inexperienced Doyens was one of Brams’ supporters, having been promoted to Doyen rank by Brams himself. He was also very handsome and charismatic, no doubt part of the reason for his popularity in Helthlon. Brams nodded at him. “Forgive me High Doyen, but some might say that the truth is that you are actually a Commonwealth sympathizer.”
“Or that you are frightened. Adami would have half the systems in our grip by now,” added Doyen Urnit, cheeks flushed. The Doyen’s broke into chaos, his few remaining loyalists shouting at Niettha and Urnit, others shouting back. Riccard tried to stop them but when Urnit began to climb onto the table to reach a Doyen opposite him Brams wagged a finger at Urnit. One of the guards fired. A red stun bolt splashed into Urnit’s chest and he fell, twitching. The other Doyens stopped in complete surprise.
“Gentlemen, sit. Guards, please remove Doyen Urnit and retire him to one of the adjoining suites.” He waited whilst the still twitching man was manhandled by two shock troopers from the room. “Remember that you serve the Dominion. There is no place here for anything other than order and obedience. Does anyone else need a reminder?” He paused, eyebrows raised.
As much as he’d enjoyed seeing the Doyens cowed, he knew that he would pay for this. More Doyens would throw in against him. If he wasn’t careful there would be an attempt to usurp him before the Edo could play their part. Brams stood up.
“I am sorry that some of you are eager for yet more war with the Commonwealth. The Dominion needs peace. We must build our strength through stability. I welcome the systems that want to join us but we must use diplomatic channels to gain them. I ask that you have patience. I will return the people of the Dominion to a time of peace and prosperity. Believe it. I trust that this session is over. Good day, gentlemen.”
As Brams was escorted out of the room Weststar sat smiling to himself. The session could hardly have gone any better. Urnit had played his role even better than Amos could have hoped.
 
“Raichel,” exclaimed Elenore as she dashed across the Edo base’s hangar, away from her alarmed Grazan Royal guards. She flung herself into a laughing Raichel’s arms.
“Elenore. So grown up,” Raichel said once they’d released each other. “I guess I should start calling you, ‘my young Neophyte’?”
Elenore giggled. “Yes, oh wise Mushur.” Elenore suddenly looked serious but then Raichel’s hair lifted up and moved around as if alive. “Neophyte! You will respect your Mushur. Stop that at once and return my hair to its previous shape.”
Elenore bowed, all mock-serious. “Mushur, when was the last time an image designer did anything with your hair? Really, I am embarrassed to be related to you. Did a Grawlin drag you through the Dark Nest of Eunleen backwards? And those robes look like you’ve just got them out of a trash compactor.”
Raichel scowled and gave Elenore a small Astrals-push. “How rude. We Edo are above such frivolities.” She paused. “But if you can recommend a good designer when we return maybe Jase and I can treat ourselves to a meal out on Graz somewhere fancy.” 
Elenore whooped. “Your wish, my command, oh Mushur.”
Oh dear, thought Raichel. What have I let myself in for? She composed herself, took on a more regal stance and Elenore responded in kind, falling into a more respectful mode.
“It’s time to go, Elenore. Next stop, the Imperial Dominion. You will need your wits about you. Make no mistake, we will be in enemy territory. Even our friends there must remain circumspect. As much as I will be training you I will need to rely on your abilities and understanding of politics. Your first mission as an Edo Neophyte will not be easy, but I am confident that you will do very well. Very well, indeed.”
 
The lieutenant clicked his heels together smartly and stood keenly at attention. Adami took her time to face him, even though she could guess what the news was that he was bringing her. Today was the true start of her true rise to power and glory. A small, predatory smile formed.
“Report, Lieutenant Chrodyne.”
“Sir. The Zhur Thoggu have completed the prototypes for four of the projects.” He presented her with a datapad and then assumed full attention.
“Very good, Lieutenant.” He saluted, spun around and marched off. He would make a good officer one day, she mused. One to keep an eye on. She read through the report. The prototype Delta bomber was ready for field trials. It contained two of the four projects. The ship had been fitted with a neural interface to allow the pilot to adequately control the N-sphere launcher. Adami’s smile grew wider, more savage. Whereas the Zhur Thoggu used the technology for defense, with the N-spheres gobbling up anything that went near them, Adami had made them offensive. Rather than being kept close to the vessels so that they could be controlled, she had made the Zhur Thoggu create long distance launchers. The pilot could carefully aim the balls of quite simply nothing, not even space time, and have some co-ordination over them as they left the launcher but once they were a short distance away that was it, they kept going until, quietly and calmly removing from this universe anything in their path, they imploded in on themselves due to some complicated conflict with the physics of space time itself. With enough of these Delta bombers she would be able to obliterate any force that opposed her.
The other two projects were ship-mounted, Capital-class, Sentient Intelligence-controlled plasma cannons and Ulorbana nanite steel, a metal composed entirely of nanomachines. A modified Constellation-class light cruiser had been equipped with twelve plasma cannons and coated in the Ulorbana, massively improving its already fearsome offensive and defensive categories. Standard shields and armor worked poorly against the plasma ejections and the Ulorbana nanite steel could take a massive amount of punishment from all weapon types, with nanites moving constantly to refill and repair and damage caused.
She turned to a Captain who was busy trying to look busy at a nearby station. “Captain Domovero, I want the two prototype vessels field tested immediately. Take a space-time distortion cruiser and ambush a convoy. I do not care who or where, just be sure to leave no survivors.”
“But Doyen Weststar gave us strict instructions to not engage any ships out here - “
“I do not follow the orders of Doyen Weststar, Captain Domovero,” Adami cut him off sharply. “It just so happens that his concerns about our secrecy here were well-founded and I agreed that we needed to stay covert. The time for that is over. With our new technologies now ready to test we must risk being revealed and begin our preparations.” She gloated. “Soon, Captain, soon we will elevate the Dominion. All will know of our power. You have the honor of taking our first step. Do not fail me, Captain Domovero.”
 
Seated within his private chambers, on a chair specifically designed to cater for his thick and powerful tail, Sord Okarachebe activated his personal comms projector. After a short delay the aged but still vigorous face of Grand Mushur Edo Michael Silverdell appeared over the comms projector platform. A smile formed. “Mushur Okarachebe. You look well.”
Sord howled briefly. “Mushur Silverdell hopes to flatter whilst sizing up for the kill?”
Michael laughed gently. “Of course not. I know better than to hunt a Lifzan.”
Sord nodded, “Through wisdom Mushur Silverdell lives to see another day. I would seek more of that wisdom if you would allow it.”
Michael’s expression turned solemn. “What is it?”
“Riccard Brams came to seek our assistance. He fears that he will not remain High Doyen long enough to chaperone the Dominion into joining the Commonwealth and he asked for the Edo to help him to defeat his enemy. We agreed to help but we could sense that he was keeping something from us. I have asked Mushur Ison to carry out the mission, along with her pick of Edo.”
Michael nodded. He remained silent and Sord continued.
“I sense great peril for them, and seek guidance on what actions we can take to assist.”
“Trust in your feelings, Mushur Okarachebe. Listen to the Astrals. You have led the Edo well, though I know you still feel remorse over previous events during your leadership. You must not let that remorse cloud your judgment. Do what you feel you must.”
He was right, as always. He had sought to offload the decisions and actions to Michael to avoid having to bear the responsibility, especially if lives were lost. But he had to face the responsibility head-on. Hunt it, seek out the ways to succeed. He would ask Raif Ko and Nate Shepherd to infiltrate the Dominion and discover what secret Brams was keeping. He just hoped they would discover it before it was too late to be of use.
Sord growled gently. “So wise for one so furless. Thank you, Grand Mushur.”
“Grand Mushur,” Michael smiled warmly. “May the Astrals guide you.”

 
 
Chapter Three
 
Kaliko Savina reached over to pat Jake’s hand. He was still clearly troubled by postponing the search for Thea Leilani. He barely noticed her touch, so lost in his thoughts. They had arrived on Citadel, the Imperial Dominion’s capital world, together with the rest of the Edo team. They were all waiting for Bram within a conference room in the Imperial Stronghold. She had noticed that very few shock troopers or guards were on watch as they moved from the Palace’s own minor starport to the conference room.
Raichel and Gil were deep in conversation, catching up like old best friends. Which, of course, they were more than, having been lovers for a while. Both had moved on, with the tall, dark and handsome Gil now courting a beautiful Grazan lady.
Edo Mushur Calista Flores was sat next to her old Neophyte, the red-haired Wren Furlan, both looking calm as Gil and Flores’ Neophytes Sys Bramion and Elen Ney struggled to contain their excitement about being on Citadel and in the presence of Edo alumni such as Jake Bulver and Raichel Ison. Kaliko could see the Neophytes stealing nervous glances at Jake and Raichel, and she would have found it amusing if not for how they studiously avoided looking at her at all. Her previous actions preceded her. Like Jake, for a short time she had fallen to the Deep. It still pained her, but she knew that re-joining the Edo would expose her to other people and their feelings towards her.
Elenore Frost, hair dyed a deep black from its normal blond, and dressed in a simple dress, lightly colored, looked like she’d never met, let alone was, royalty. She was sat next to Raichel but was busy trying to tickle the Vynterian Malene Zhao, who was, in good humor, tickling Elenore back. It was good to see people having fun, despite everything. It reminded Kaliko of what they were fighting for.
Kaliko looked at Jake again and saw he was still distant, but his eyes snapped quickly into focus as the doors to the room opened and Riccard Brams was escorted in by two of his aides, both quite attractive female humans. Was Riccard that sort of man? She wondered. She hadn’t heard of him being anything like that but who knew what people got up to behind closed doors.
The Edo started to stand but Brams motioned for them to remain seated and moved purposefully to the speaking platform.
“Welcome to Citadel,” he said, smiling at them. “I wanted to thank you all personally for coming to the Dominion and helping me in my quest to see the Dominion join with the Commonwealth and assure peace and prosperity for the people of both civilizations. Without your help, I don’t think I will be around long enough to complete my goal.” He paused to look at them all individually.
“Raichel and I have agreed to split you up into two teams. One team will be my guard. I am commissioning a new detail, the Imperial Royal Defenders.” He nodded to one of his aides, “Please.”
She opened one of the doors and in strode a guardsman dressed resplendently in all-silver, highly reflective, Imperial Royal Defender heavy shock armor. Fully sealed, and with all-enclosing helmet, it was impossible to know who was wearing the suit.  The Defender bore a gauss rifle, almost two thirds of his height in length, normally mounted on a vehicle or platform. In the Defender’s case it was wieldable only because the armor was powered, multiplying the user’s strength several times over.
“Mushur Calista Flores will lead this team, with Gil, Sys Bramion and Elen Ney being the other guards. Thank you for protecting me. You are all in my eternal debt.”
The Edo guards looked at each other and nodded, satisfied with the mission. Sys and Elen looked as excited as ever, brimming with barely restrained enthusiasm.
“The rest of you will become my agents. You will be my fists, the Fists of the Dominion. I will let it be known that you are my personal agents, answerable only to me, and with higher authority than even the Doyens. This will enable you to go places within the Dominion and do things with no restraints on your actions. The Fists of the Dominion will be feared and respected by all. There will be certain expectations and duties that you will need to fulfil but these things will not get in the way of what you really need to do: uncover who is leading the uprising against me.”
He indicated to Raichel, who stood.
“Alana will be with me. Jake and Kaliko are one team, with Malene and Wren as the final team. There may only be six of us, but we are Edo and we will not let Riccard or the people of the Dominion down.”
Kaliko noticed that Elenore seemed to glow after being mentioned as one of the six Edo. So cute. Kaliko was very pleased to be paired up with Jake and was glad that she had been chosen as a Fist rather than to be one of the Royal Defenders. Not only might this be a good diversion for Jake for a while but it might also prove to be a very exciting one.
“We start tomorrow. Tonight we will all be measured for our uniforms and we Fists will be provided our credentials and our initial missions. Remember that we are not to reveal that we are Edo if at all possible.”
Brams looked pleased. “Thank you again, everybody. One day I may be seen as the person who finally united the Commonwealth and the Dominion but everyone in this room will know who made it possible.”
 
Jake Bulver and Kaliko Savina were nearing their destination for their first mission as Dominion’s Fists. A small outpost in Braklamonask, one of Citadel’s smaller cities, had recently been attacked. No organization had come forward to claim the assault but it was deemed to have been some sort of separatist terrorist incident.
They had used their new credentials to commandeer a small open-top repulsor car, with Jake in the driving seat. It felt good to feel the wind in his hair. Kaliko smiled happily as they blasted down a thoroughfare, observing civilians going about their business. Her enthusiasm and energy was infectious and for a moment he almost forgot about Thea. Almost.
Kaliko looked over at him. “I have to say Jake, these new uniforms suit you. Very dashing.” She winked at him and despite himself, he laughed.
“You don’t look as terrible as normal either,” he replied.
“Gee thanks. You have no idea how to talk to ladies,” she said, pretending to be offended.
They wore black Imperial uniforms, perfectly tailored and wrinkle-free. Besides the Imperial emblem on their lapels they also bore a red closed fist badge, a new design to signify that they were the newly announced Dominion’s Fists. They wore STL-12 laser pistols, strapped to their thighs. They turned down a street that led to the garrison and they could see how much work was required to repair the damage caused by the attack. Large construction robots were busy repairing the perimeter wall and a team of engineers were busy repairing the main gates. Inside the outpost they could see that several building had suffered considerable damage.
They slowed to a stop at a temporary barrier manned by two soldiers, one a Lieutenant. The Lieutenant approached cautiously.
“Identification?”
Kaliko passed over their ID. It read that she was Kiala Hamlid and Jake was Tomas Neintorp. The Lieutenant began studying their ID and then suddenly looked up at them and stared at their Fist badges. He hurriedly handed back their ID.
“Raise the gate, raise the gate,” he urged his companion.
As they passed through the gate Kaliko murmured to Jake. “How easy was that? And no Channeling needed.” He tried not to laugh. Kaliko was fun to be around.
They pulled up at what seemed to be the headquarters for the output and as they got out a balding Imperial officer hurried out to meet them. He snapped to attention and saluted. Jake could sense the panic and fear that the poor fellow felt.
“Relax, Captain,” said Jake, trying to sound commanding yet sympathetic at the same time.  “We are here to aide in your investigation of the assault, nothing more. Please, show us around and explain what you have discovered so far.”
As the Captain led them around the base, it was clear to see that the attack had been clinical in its execution. Only the most important buildings had been targeted, and most via explosive artillery since clearly the building had blown outwards, not inwards. Loss of life had been quite significant, high double digits but since the troop dormitory had not been hit it could have been far worse. The outpost’s medical unit was full of injured men. Jake felt his resolve growing to assist Raichel on this mission. These people deserved peace and prosperity.
Jake and Kaliko stopped at points along the way and asked a question or two. Had they found any evidence identifying the attackers? No. Had they found any residual chemical traces from the artillery rounds? Yes, but the analysis had shown they were standard rounds, available widely throughout the Dominion. Were there any witnesses of the attackers? No, they attacked from considerable distance and had cleared out by the time a chariot and hover scouts had arrived at their firing point.
Jake had stretched out, Channeling energy to increase his perceptive abilities, and had felt no intended deception from the Captain, just a desire fueled by fear to fully assist the Fists however possible. They spoke to several Imperials as they went round the base, but the fear and trepidation they caused in those people and anyone nearby probably did more harm than good.
Finally they returned to the HQ.
“Thank you, Captain. I appreciate you taking time to escort us around your outpost,” said Jake.
“Of course, Sir,” he replied, “I am grateful that High Doyen Brams has seen fit to send his Fists here to witness the damage caused.”
Jake nodded, “It is our duty to protect the Dominion, Captain, from those inside and out.” Was that too corny sounding? Jake wasn’t sure. Had Kaliko winced as he said it? The Captain seemed pleased, at any rate. “Your actions post-attack are commendable, Captain. You are to be lauded.”
The man was fairly brimming with pride. “Thank you, Sir!”
The Captain escorted them to their hover and then walked alongside them as they moved towards the temporary barrier, which was already being hastily lifted by the two shock troopers. Once they’d passed the barrier the Captain stopped and turned to them.
“If I might make one request, Sir? Madam?”
“Of course, Captain. What is it?” Kaliko replied.
The Captain opened his mouth to reply but it turned into a gasp of surprise. Jake’s danger sense flared. Both he and Kaliko turned to look.
“No, wait,” cried the Captain, flinging himself onto the car and over Kaliko as gauss-accelerated ordinance began pouring in at them. Jake ducked down, drawing his laser pistol as bullets smashed into the side and windscreen of the repulsor car. He heard Kaliko cursing and a muffled cry from the Captain.
He risked a peek and saw two heavily armored humanoids standing openly in the street. The pair sported heavy gauss rifles, spitting torrents of bullets and tracers against them. Laser bolts from the barrier-stationed soldiers began splashing against their armor, doing little damage. One of the attackers turned and fired back, quickly eliminating them both, sending their bodies flying backwards. Jake managed to get a few shots off but again their armor was too thick for a laser pistol.
Kaliko finally managed to push the Captain off her.
“He’s dead,” she yelled, angrily. “Why did he do that?”
“I have no idea. Maybe chivalry isn’t dead, after all.”
Kaliko ducked as another bullet whisked past her face. She cursed. “I’m sick of this,” she said and lifted a hand. Her eyes began to glow with a pale redness.
“No, wait,” Jake urged, but it was too late. One of the attackers suddenly spun to face the other and fired his rifle point-blank into the groin area of the other, where the armor was least thick. The man crumpled to the ground and the attacker stood staring at what he’d just done. Kaliko leapt out of the car and drew on the Astrals, increasing her pace as she dashed towards the attacker. He recovered and rotated towards her but it was too late. She somersaulted, grabbed hold of his helmet and twisted as she arced through the air over him. There was a loud crack and the man collapsed as Kaliko landed gracefully on her feet.
Remind me to never upset Kaliko, Jake thought to himself as he got out of the ruined repulsor car. Kaliko ran back over. “Are you alright, Jake?”
“I’m fine, just a bit singed.” She looked so relieved. Did she not trust his skills as an Edo? Shock troopers streamed out from the outpost towards them. Hopefully they had been too far away to see much of what of Kaliko had done with her Channeling.  “Let’s go take a look at these two.”
They searched the bodies as best as they could, the advanced heavy armor limiting their efforts. They found nothing. No ID, no credit chits, no pass cards, nothing at all that would give away their identities. Whoever these men were, they had been professionals.
 
“I’m sorry, Sir,” said Danica Prilission to an angry Riccard Brams. “By my estimate there are fifteen people within our organization, including me, who knew about the inspection the two Edo were making in Braklamonask. Besides me there were three other senior aides who knew. Jenph Neerg, Fivos Lio and Miuri Cotliner. It’s impossible to guess who leaked the information.”
“I don’t think we’re quite at the guessing stage yet, Miss Prilission.” Brams stopped and looked at a huge portrait of Admiral Havalor that he'd commissioned, hanging from one of his inner sanctum walls. A spotlight shone directly at it, making the painting one of the most illuminated objects in the room. “I’m just relieved that they survived the attack.” He looked at Danica.
“If our plan is to work we need to limit who knows their movements much more carefully. I want you to personally take care of this Danica. The quicker we can identify the spies in our midst the fewer Edo lives are risked.”
Danica bowed slightly, a bang of hair falling across her face alluringly as she looked at him, his stomach feeling queasy as their eyes met. Focus, thought Brams, looking away. “Of course, High Doyen,” she said. “I will inform you immediately should I narrow down our candidates.”
“Thank you,” he said, “I don’t know what I’d do without you. Arrange another session with the Doyens, it’s time to inform them about the Fists.”
 
“Of course, robots aren’t the best company,” slurred Val Nordin. He took another big slug of his Buderimian Twister. “And so I spend most of my time in bars, with my beautiful lady here.” He sloshed half of his drink onto the floor as he attempted to gesture at Captain Nasturn, who did her best not to scowl at him.
Too much, Val wondered? They were on the planet Binat, a bustling trade world not far from Aneev space. It hadn’t taken many bribed officials to track down some recent activity of the hijacked freighter. After a brief stop for repairs it had made its way here to Binat, and had been back again since. This meant that hopefully the Skave were still in the area.
Val’s wing mates, Senoch Gray, Dical Dimerchi and Ares Nilssen were also in the bar, doing their best to blend in. Ares, with her distinctive golden hair and dazzling green eyes, had to cover up as best as she could and so looked more like a hermit than an Edo.
Joakim Falk, the two Kos, Harper and Kaisa, and Amaeh Duranti were outside the bar, acting as observers. Flight three, Antreeba, Marten Rask, Nathan Bircheno and Karlos Tsia’ool were back on their freighter, the Mote’s Eye, protecting the ship and awaiting for the plan to come to fruition.
Val had decided to spend another hour here before moving on to the next joint, trying to spread their story of a fully-autonomous, robot controlled freighter (and thus, ripe for the picking to any interested ship thief) to as many ears as they could. Sooner or later, he hoped, the Skave would learn about their ship and decide to pay a visit. He felt confident that Flight Three would be more than up to the task of capturing a Skave. They were in an Edo battle-bond. Val had briefly wondered whether even he would be able to defeat the unit in combat, before deciding he could. The magnitude of his ego was not lost on Val but he felt confident of his abilities, even though he had not fully utilized them in a while. Defeating the Skave would require all of his skills, so he felt certain that he would soon see just how powerful he had become.
Time passed as Val kept up his play-acting. The copious quantities of absurd alcoholic beverages were real enough, but it was a trivial act to use Edo healing techniques to flush the alcohol from his system. Teynin Nasturn seemed to be struggling to put up with his shenanigans and she was almost out of patience. Nearly time to move on and give her a break, he thought.
Beings came and went, none of them showing them too much interest, as far as he could sense, and none possessed the characteristic telltale signs of being Astral-sensitive, much less a Deep user.
Val was about to signal time to move on when an incredibly strong and clear Astral vision from Marten Rask swamped his senses. It had been decided that no electronic communication between the teams would be used to help prevent detection so they were reliant on Channeling. With Marten being second only in power to Val, it made sense that it was him who sent the vision. Four humanoid presences were moving close to the freighter, and an ominously dark presence was further back. Hopefully the Skave hadn’t detected Marten’s vision pulse.
Val singled to the rest of Flight One to start moving and Channeled out to Flight Two - we move! Maybe they would all get back in time to help if needed.
 
The Doyens were waiting for Riccard Brams in the meeting chamber. This time there was noticeably less noise coming from within. Maybe his blasting Doyen Urnit hadn’t been such a bad thing after all. He glanced at his four new Imperial Guards, looking both intimidating and elegantly powerful in their uniforms, and comfortably anonymous. His chief aide Danica Prilission stood beside him, with another, Lorze Wost behind her. Lorze was a good man, quick to learn and eager to please. Brams hoped that he’d passed the test.
Brams nodded at one of the shock troopers guarding the double doors and the trooper opened them for him. A hush settled over the room as the first of the Imperial Royal Defenders stomped into the room, their enormous, reflective armored suit seeming to raise the brightness of the room and make it feel more confining at the same. Brams noted the stunned expressions with some satisfaction. He sat at the head of the table, all four guards flanking him completely, his aides stood further back.
Riccard took his time to look around at each Doyen, a small smile took form, impossible to restrain. Most of them couldn’t keep from staring at the imposing mirrored figures. “Gentlemen, I see you all have noticed my new guards. With all the terrorist attacks the Dominion has been suffering of late I thought it time to increase my security. My Imperial Royal Defenders will accompany me to all appointments and will show that we are still a force to be reckoned with.”
Brams paused a moment. “I have also created an executive branch of my will - the Fists of the Dominion, or Dominion’s Fists.” A few of the more inexperienced Doyens gasped, and looked about them at the other Doyens for their reactions. Brams noticed that Weststar merely cocked an eyebrow. Almost as if he already knew, Riccard thought. He hardly seemed bothered by the guards, either. So, the leak is still well and truly active and Weststar is almost definitely involved, though I still have zero proof.
Brams continued. “Numbering six in total, they have complete executive powers. Any order by them is as if I have given that order myself. They are above all security levels and are able to go anywhere, do anything with the borders of the Imperial Dominion. Their current overarching mission, beyond the simple security of the Dominion itself, is to root out the terrorists that attack our facilities in ever increasing frequency.”
He looked directly at Weststar. “Make no mistake, those responsible will be caught. Justice will be swift, and final.” Weststar impressed Brams by holding his gaze evenly. “I expect full cooperation from all of your sectors.” There was a general murmuring from the Doyens and then Weststar raised his hand. Brams tilted his head.
“High Doyen, should these new organizations not have been voted in by all of us here. After all, are we not a democracy now?”
An open challenge to Brams’ powers? Brams was surprised at Weststar’s forthrightness. He must feel in a position of power to be able to confront me so directly. Perhaps their plans are further along than I thought.
Brams stood and started walking around the table, causing him to walk disconcertingly behind the various Doyens as he did so. The four imposing Imperial Defenders followed him closely.
“It’s not a democracy yet, Weststar, but it will be, sooner than you’d like,” growled Brams. “Whilst I am High Doyen I retain full control of the Dominion and you should all believe that those powers will be exercised to their fullest against anyone who would threaten me, threaten this process or threaten the good of the Dominion.”
Riccard came to a stop behind Weststar and placed his hands on Weststar’s shoulders. He could feel the man tense up.
“Does that answer your question, Doyen Weststar?”
“Quite,” was all the man could manage. As Riccard returned to his seat he pondered his newly acquired assertiveness with the Doyens. It was obvious that he was losing even his staunchest supporters so it was time for a new tactic - keep them passive through dominance and fear. Maybe he was becoming the next Emperor. Was this how Gallitene had started? Thinking his actions were for the greater good? He had caused the death of many Edo, too. Brams’ skin prickled.
 
Through the bond, Antreeba knew that Marten Rask had successfully communicated with the other two flights. Communication with Karlos Tsia’ool, the young Edo Neophyte, was much easier through the bond, since the young human knew little of Antreeba’s little-spoken language. Karlos impressed Antreeba, he had fought well during the Skave invasion of Himdel. He felt confident in the young man and bonding with him only further reinforced his respect for Tsia’ool.
Nathan Bircheno was an experienced Edo Askari and Antreeba enjoyed his company but Marten Rask was a complete mystery to Antreeba. Rask would engage in conversation when needed but there was little emotion involved. It was as if he had been stripped of most of his personality and was nothing like who he had been before his capture and torture by the Zhur Thoggu. It was as if Marten Rask was an entirely new - and incomplete - person who just inhabited the shell of his body.
Even in the bond, Antreeba couldn’t get a feel for Rask. It was as if there was nothing there to sense. There were no evil intentions but no good ones either. He was the most robot-like person he’d ever met. In fact most robots were programmed with more personality than Marten. Not that Marten never showed emotion, or humor, just that it was rare, seemingly at random and often vanished as quickly as it arrived. Marten Rask unsettled Antreeba, but Antreeba knew that he must not let it affect his duties during this mission, especially now that it was possibly time to unsheathe his claws.
The Mote’s Eye was large, with the hold plenty big enough to hold the Paladins’ twelve Recon Nebula fighters, along with a shuttle, three repulsor cars of varying size and a fleet of pulse-bikes. It had three entrances - the cavernous main hold door, a smaller stock loading and unloading door that led to the rear of the hold where non-vehicular cargo was stored and the crew entry / docking port which led directly into the crew area. Engineering was below decks, accessible only via various points within the main deck.
It was unlikely the four interlopers would attempt to access the ship via the main hold and indeed Antreeba could sense that they were slowly moving towards the crew port. Marten was positioned mid-ship, so that he could move towards either the cargo door or the crew door should he need to, whilst Antreeba, Karlos Tsia’ool and Nathan waited in hiding in the main crew lounge, an area the hijackers would need to pass through to get to either engineering or the bridge.
One of the four intruders finally moved close to the crew entrance. There was no need to discuss their movements, each Edo could sense through the bond what the others felt, thought and knew. Marten slowly began to move back towards the crew area.
They had intentionally downgraded the security of the freighter to allow for a better chance of hijacking and it wasn’t long before the crew entrance ramp slowly extended down. They could sense the person move up the ramp to the door. Silently Marten eased back into the room. Two more of the hijackers moved to the door, the fourth hanging back slightly. The Deep user remained further back, unmoving.
Antreeba knew that they needed to capture at least one of the five alive. Wordlessly they agreed that Marten would slip out and capture the fourth hijacker whist Antreeba, Karlos and Nathan dealt with the intruders.
Even with the bond, Antreeba was surprised when Marten walked straight towards the corridor leading to the crew hatch. The external port hissed open as the hijacker broke through the security. He sensed Marten use Channeling to meddle with the intruders’ perception and hide from their vision. From Marten’s vision projection the three Edo could see that the intruders were a tough looking group, a Maldren with three large blood red cranial horns, a savage looking, heavily scarred Phalee with gloss black fur and a hulking human. They could sense that the three were nervous but confident, almost jubilant, meaning that they assumed that the freighter was unoccupied and their theft was almost assured.
Using precise, overlapping movements the three ship thieves moved down the corridor, towards the three waiting Edo. Antreeba felt that Karlos was excited, keen to apprehend the criminals. Patience, young one, thought Antreeba, let us wait until they are pincered by us.
Outside, Marten moved quietly towards the fourth thief. Again, he clouded the mind of the man, a thuggish-looking Idralish but as he did so he sensed alarm emanate from the Deep user. He slowed his approach towards the Idralish and noted that the Skave did not move, despite that they could now probably see Marten. Interesting. Here to make sure the thieves are successful or to silence them afterwards? Marten stopped, directly in front of the Idralish and waited, he would reveal himself at the same time as the others confronted those inside the ship. He pondered how to best capture the Skave.
Silently, the Maldren moved forward into the crew area. Quickly surveying the room, he gave an all clear sign. The Phalee and the human moved in.
Antreeba paused, resisting Karlos’ urge to move. Wait…
Now.
In perfect synchronicity the three Edo stood, hands carefully at their sides. The Phalee actually yelped in surprise, nearly causing Karlos Tsia’ool to laugh. The thieves were well trained and recovered quickly, dropping into crouches and bringing their side arms to bear. Each covered one Edo.
Slowly, Nathan Bircheno raised a hand in warning. The darkness of his brown eyes, glowing blue from his Channeling efforts, contrasted sharply with his pale complexion and blond hair, and, with a serious expression on his face, as he had now, he looked particularly unsettling, even compared to the Maldren.  “Please consider your next actions very carefully. You do not have to die today.”
The Maldren sneered, standing up as he gained confidence. “I could say the same thing to you. We’re the ones with the weapons.” The Maldren blinked as each Edo somehow went from being unarmed to wielding shining Astral weapon projections.
The Phalee spoke. “Entrim, these are Edo. There’s no way we can go through with this now.”
“Shut your mouth, Chask. I make the decisions.” Entrim looked at each of the Edo in turn. “You’re just a kid. You look like you’re not sure what to do with that thing and no-one’s ever heard of a Towpine being an Edo. You’re all just playing Edo.”
Karlos smiled. “Try us.”
“No, please,” said Nathan, “we really are Edo Askari. We are looking for the Skave that attacked Himdel. We believe that the individual who has been watching you attempt your theft is a Skave.”
“What?” exclaimed Entrim. “We were followed?”
“It would seem so,” agreed Nathan. “We will allow you to leave if you assist us now. We need to know who it was who employed you and where you were supposed to deliver the ship.”
“Entrim, I like my limbs still attached to my body,” said the huge human. “Let’s help the Edo.”
Outside, just as the Antreeba, Karlos and Nathan stood up, Marten allowed the fourth thief to perceive him. This one reacted quickly, getting off a loose shot before Marten tore the rifle from his grip.
“Please, don’t fire at me again. I would prefer not to have to kill you.”
“Grettspit!” said the man, another human. “Where did you come from?”
“I was here all - “
With blinding speed, Marten reached out and used the Astrals to stop a Jovenar, a Skave throwing dagger, in midair. It had been intended to piece the man’s throat.
“It would seem,” said Marten, “that your benefactor no longer deems your existence advantageous.”
The man stared incredulously at the dagger, hanging impossibly in the air, a mere finger’s breadth from his neck.
“How?”
“Your employer is a Skave. I am an Edo. I suggest you stand behind me.” The thief didn’t need much encouragement. Marten allowed the dagger to drop, smashing as it hit the hard surface.
Marten used a Channeling technique to empower his voice. “Skave. I feel your presence. Face me, you must, if you wish to silence this human.”
A dark shadow stood, the only discernable detail a glistening bandolier full of the deadly Jovenar daggers.
“You are the broken Edo,” said a darkly alluring voice. 
Rask assumed she meant his personality change. It was difficult to understand why she was stating a simple fact, if in strange terms. “I am what I am. Surrender.”
The Skave laughed. “I don’t think so.”
Just at that moment Antreeba emerged from the ship. The Skave didn’t wait for more Edo to appear. Dagger after dagger was hurled at Marten, Antreeba and the fourth thief, by means of the Deep and through physically throwing them. Marten blocked one after another but there were too many. There was a cry from behind him as the hijacker was hit and Marten felt a slight tug on his robe as a dagger passed too closely. Calmly, logically, Marten considered his options. He evaluated each and since he wished for no further loss of life within his group of Edo or the thieves, he decided on the most expedient choice.
Marten Rask drew deeply on the Astrals, Channeling the power into a vicious stab through the Skave woman’s mind, and then tore. She dropped silently to the ground, not even having time to cry out. Airborne daggers no longer held by the Deep fell and smashed on the ground.
He felt the shock from the other Edo. Being battle-bonded they had been there as he decided on his action and bore witness to its gruesome result. Their reaction confused him, even though he could feel their emotions, their thoughts. They were alien, those thoughts and emotions. Incomprehensible. But rather than shy away, Marten basked in them, knowing that their feelings would once have been his own.
He looked back at the fourth thief, feeling his life-force drain away. He knelt down, took the man’s hand. Blood spread out from underneath the man. The man looked back at Marten, eyes already dimming.
“I am sorry I could not save you. Go peacefully.”
The man took a last, gurgling breath. Marten stood to face the other Edo and the now disarmed thieves. Karlos looked at Marten strangely, all wide-eyed. His expression had no meaning to Marten. Antreeba lumbered over to the dead Skave.
“Well,” said Nathan, composing himself. He looked at the three thieves. “Time for a little chat.”
Chapter Four

Admiral Petrina Adami paced around her private chambers, waiting for Doyen Weststar to respond to her comms projector request. He liked to play these games, the knowledge of which did nothing to ease her frustration. She appreciated what he had done for her after her failed coup, and understood their positions so why he felt the need to constantly remind her she didn’t know. Yes, she could be vicious and vindictive but she had never betrayed anyone, especially not an Imperial. She had thrown her lot in with Weststar, come what may. She hadn’t had much choice but that was neither here nor there. She would be loyal and eventually he would learn to trust her.
Finally Weststar’s face materialized from blue coherent light above the comms projector dais.
“Petrina, apologies for keeping you waiting. We’re having quite an interesting time in the Dominion at the moment.”
“Amos. Do tell.”
“Our esteemed leader has decided to implement a couple of new schemes - the Imperial Royal Defenders and the Emperor’s Fists.”
“Indeed,” said Adami, impressed but not overly so.
“What Brams failed to tell us was that the Guard and the Fists are Edo.” Weststar smiled at the surprised look Adami couldn’t prevent. “I see you understand the import of this news. We have already began countering them and fully intend to, ah, neutralize each and every one of them. We will teach them what happens to those who meddle in the affairs of the Dominion.”
“Weststar, tread carefully. The Edo are not to be underestimated. I have suffered at their hands on more than one occasion.”
“Oh I know you have, Petrina, but then you didn’t have Zhur Thoggu technology to aid you or my resources. Together we will stop them from foiling our plans. Brams will fall. Their involvement ultimately change nothing.”
Adami swallowed hard, unmoved by his rhetoric. “We shall see, Amos.”
Weststar seemed unfailingly confident. “Oh, yes we shall. How goes our operation?”
“The field trial was a complete success. The cruiser and Delta bomber tackled a freighter convoy defended by two Buderimian cruisers. The Ulorbana nanite steel absorbed all damage caused to the cruiser and the Delta bomber destroyed one of the cruisers single-handedly.” Adami smiled broadly. “All our other projects are now ready to test.”
“Excellent, excellent! You have worked miracles, Petrina. Please arrange for their testing to be completed as quickly as possible. I have a group of, ah, experts who are with my fleet - they will be retrieving a copy of the data so that we can start mass producing it here. Please ensure they are provided with the maximum of courtesy.”
Adami frowned. Why was he making such a big deal about their arrival? She already knew that she needed to provide the data to Weststar, of course he needed a copy. The safe transportation of the data back to the Dominion was important and so of course he needed someone he trusted to do so but that was hardly a matter he needed to impress on Adami.
She tilted her head. “They will be treated as if they were my own.”
“Wonderful, thank you my dear Petrina.”
Why did Weststar look nervous? Strange.
“I will impose no further on your time, Admiral. I will be in touch once the plans are on their way back to me.”
“Until then, Doyen Weststar.”
Weststar leant forward and switched off the comms projector. He turned to face a shadowy figure, sat in Weststar’s favorite arm chair across the room from his desk.
“Everything is proceeding as planned,” he said. “The Edo have arrived, just as you said they would, and the Zhur Thoggu technology is nearing fruition. We shall soon be ready to depose Brams and take rightful control of the Dominion.”
“Patience, Doyen Weststar,” replied the other, his voice soothing yet commanding.  “The Edo must come first. That was our arrangement. I would not like to imagine what would happen were our agreed terms not honored.”
Weststar blanched. “I meant no such thing, Doyen Niettha.”
Niettha leant forward, his face emerging from the shadows. He smiled. “I am glad, Amos. I believe we understand each other. We must weaken the Edo. Once this is accomplished my allies will carry out the final vanquishing of the Edo sect. The Commonwealth, already without the Edo, is crumbling from within. With no Edo to rescue them it will then be time for you to claim the Dominion and defeat the Commonwealth, finally uniting the galaxy under your rule, Emperor Weststar.”
Niettha’s words were intoxicating, irresistible. As Neittha spoke Weststar felt giddy. Every word rang true, how could Niettha be anything but right.
“Yes…. yes,” was all Weststar could say. Emperor Weststar! All would tremble before him.
 
“Welcome, Fists,” said the Lieutenant, saluting smartly to Wren Furlan and Malene Zhao. “We appreciate you both coming to aid us with the thefts we’ve been experiencing. It is most unheard of, I assure you. We run a very tight ship here.”
Wren looked around. The weapons factory was very impressive. Humans and robots worked closely together within the enormous main hall, which stretched out as far as Wren could see. She sensed thousands of humans within the complex, all working with focused determination. The young Lieutenant Frast really did run a tight ship.
She looked at Malene Zhao, the Vynterian Edo. She gave off slight feelings of unease but to look at Malene, you would never had thought so. Serene, composed, assured. Wren felt a pang of jealously. At Malene’s age Wren was still struggling to overcome her shyness, lack of confidence and had had issues with how her beauty could be used. Wren had grown a great deal since then but still, she envied Malene’s natural poise and manner. I will watch this one, she thought. There is much she can teach me.
Malene smiled at the Lieutenant. Wren felt the impact it had on the young man, like a Channeled Astral push to his face. Wren almost laughed.
“Would you take us on a tour of your impressive facility, Lieutenant Frast?” purred Malene Zhao. Wren could tell Malene wasn’t Channeling but already she had the man helpless.
“Of course, it would be my honor,” replied the poor man, far too excited to be decent. Malene winked at Wren as the man turned. Wren rolled her eyes.
The inspection revealed little information, but it did provide plenty of opportunity for the two Edo to be seen in their new Fists of the Dominion uniforms. It was not lost to the Edo that their role was twofold - seek out those opposing Brams and build support for him. Word would spread of their visit, increasing their reach and influence throughout the Dominion. Each appearance by the Fists would help combat the loss of support for Riccard Brams by showing that he was doing something about the problems. Wren hoped it would be enough.
“Perhaps we can go somewhere secure so that we can go over the specifics of the last theft,” asked the Lieutenant.
Malene teased him. “Why? You just want to get us alone, don’t you?”
He actually blushed. “Of course not,” he stammered. “Please, this way.”
Frast led them into an office complex. Men and women worked studiously at their terminals, with only small furtive glances betraying their knowledge of the Fists’ visit.
“My office is not far, I have a presentation set up ready for you.”
Wren wasn’t listening. One of the workers, an overweight middle-aged man, was nervous about something. She sensed he was also about to carry out some sort of action.
“You,” she shouted, pointing at the man. “Stop whatever you’re about to do.”
He looked alarmed but a sense of grim determination colored his thoughts and his hand pressed at something concealed within his shirt. The man sat back, worried but relieved.
“Lieutenant Frast, that man. I need to know what he just did,” said Wren as she turned to Frast.
Frast motioned to a pair security officers who rushed to the man and grabbing an arm each pulled him to his feet.
Frast glanced at the man’s name tag. “Mister Enisli, report. What did you just do?”
“Sir, nothing!” exclaimed the man, trying to feign confusion. Wren was frustrated from having to hide her Edo abilities. She could have easily stopped the man from moving his arm but his paralysis would have been hard to explain. Nor could she just tell the man she knew he was lying.
Wren looked over at Malene. “Fist Glurner, cover the room please.” Malene nodded and moved away, alert.
“Now, Mister Enisli, I assume you know that I am a Fist of the Dominion and I answer only to the High Doyen?” He nodded his head, still pretending to be confused. “I also assume you know that I saw you press something underneath your shirt.”
“I didn’t,” he began but Wren cut him off.
“You did. I could have you stripped and searched but I have no need. I know what I saw. I need to know who you contacted.” Enisli opened his mouth to deny any wrongdoing but Malene spoke first.
“I think that’s a moot question. We’ll find out soon enough.”
Wren reached out, gently Channeling to try and prevent her eyes from glowing. Six darkly powerful entities were approaching, having encircled the office, two towards each entrance. They could only be Skave.
“Lieutenant Frast, things are going to become very dangerous. Sound the alarm and then I want you and your security on that door now,” she pointed at the west entrance. “Fire at anyone who approaches. Shoot to kill.”
“You’ve got it!” exclaimed Frast, who motioned to the guards and then took over a terminal, tripping the alarm. A loud klaxon erupted and emergency lighting turned everything red.
“Fist Glurner, you have that door. Stop them.” Malene looked calm and collected.
“Everyone, under your desks and do not come out again until I give the all clear.” Scared workers dived under their desks, some shrieking in panic.
Wren could sense that the Skave had slowed their approach, knowing their little ambush was exposed. Wren readied herself to Channel. Let the Astrals guide us all, she thought.
 
It had taken some time for Raif Ko and Nate Shepherd to track Lee Gaspara down, even for a pair of legendary Edo Mushur. Perhaps Lee really did mean it this time when he said he was retired. Ophelan Gaspara, their son, had known that he was taking an extended vacation with his wife Miella on the relatively unknown holiday world of Oas’sys. That information was easily enough to obtain but once on Oas’sys Ko and Shepherd had discovered that the locals highly respected their tourists’ privacy. Enough for the two Edo Mushur to have needed to apply a few morally questionable uses of Channeling to get the answers they needed.
Now though, they were bobbing to and fro on a small yacht, waiting patiently for Lee and Miella to emerge from within a cave whose entrance was hidden by a fast flowing waterfall. Nate had insisted on waiting, rather than get wet. It was a beautiful day on Oas’sys, why not enjoy it a moment. They could sense the Gaspara pair within, safe and happy.
They drifted, watching vibrantly colored fish dart beneath the surface of the river until a voice called from behind the vertical sheet of water.
“If you two old space wrecks want me you’re going to have to come in and get me,” called Lee, a playful tone to his voice.
Raif laughed. “Don’t be like that, Lee. We have urgent business that we need to discuss.”
“Well don’t wait around then, get inside, quickly!”
Nate Shepherd laughed. “I think not.” He looked at Raif. “If you’ll allow me?”
Raif smiled, bowed slightly. “Oh, too kind,” all jovial politeness.
More for dramatic effect than anything Nate reached out, half closing his eyes, and pulled. Cries of indignation rang out, quickly cut short into a series of spluttering gasps as Lee’s boat was dragged into the waterfall by Shepherd.
“Never underestimate the power of the Astrals!” crowed Ko.
Lee’s boat emerged from the waterfall, both he and Miella of them soaked to the bone. Lee flashed a mischievous grin at the two Edo before leaving them open-mouthed as he drew his laser pistol and fired a ragged hole beneath their yacht's waterline. Miella laughed uproariously at their faces and triggered Lee into hysterics too.
“Let’s see how the Astrals cope with that, shall we?” said Miella between full scale belly laughs.
Raif and Nate looked at each other as water pooled around their feet. “I guess we deserved that,” sighed Shepherd in defeat. Ko slapped him on his back and laughed. “Drenching a hero of the Commonwealth probably constitutes a capital offense.’
Nate Channeled energy, pulling the two boats together and with the help of a still laughing Lee they managed to climb onto Lee’s boat just as their yacht sank.
Miella handed out towels and they all sat, grinning at each other.
“So, all fun aside,” said Lee, “you two aren’t here just to pull pranks on us, right?”
“Unfortunately not,” said Raif Ko. “Ten Edo have gone to the Imperial Dominion to assist Riccard Brams with his plans to form a full democracy. When we met with Brams we all felt that he was hiding something from us. The Grand Mushur has asked that we form a backup team, just in case.”
Lee considered for a moment. “And you want an old man like me to join?”
“Old, but not completely useless, not yet at least,” teased Shepherd. “This needs to be completely secret, no one other than the team members and Sord must know about this mission.”
“Understood. I think I can convince Velasquez to give a Shadow or two some extended leave, and last time I spoke to August I could tell he was itching for some excitement, despite his protestations that he was happy. Even Shawn, if we get desperate. How long do I have?”
Raif had to sit back and just look at Lee. The man was incredible. For more than thirty years Lee had put his life on the line. Time after time after time. And here he was, somehow still alive and happily retired with his beautiful wife yet still willing to give everything to help his friends. Lee had proved instrumental in so many crucial events through the years that it was no exaggeration to say that without Lee the galaxy would be very, very different. Perhaps Emperor Gallitene would still rule the Dominion, a threat to us all. Perhaps the now extinct tree-like Nushothi would have us all enslaved as mindless drones. Maybe the Zhur Thoggu would have defeated the Commonwealth. All of this, without any Astral sensitivity at all. Raif felt humbled. He placed a hand on Lee’s shoulder.
“We leave for the Dominion in three days. And Lee, thank you.”
 
Wren crouched low behind a desk and faced her doorway. She drew her laser pistol, wishing she could project her Astral weapon instead. Even though she knew she would probably need the projection very shortly she would not reveal her Edo nature until she absolutely had to - orders.
Channeling, Wren made herself small in the Astral plane, hoping it would make this doorway seem undefended to the Skave, drawing more of them to her. She could feel her eyes begin to glow so kept her gaze averted from Frast. Once in combat she did not have the skill or strength to maintain the effect, but it would have hopefully served its purpose by then.
Wren wished she could tell Malene to do the same, assuming she knew how to. She glanced over at Malene, who still looked composed, ready.
Wren sensed that the Skave had acted and sure enough one of Lieutenant Frast’s four security guards fell backwards, something shiny protruding out from his neck. A Jovenar!
The other guards turned and stared incredulously at their fallen comrade, struggling to comprehend how he suddenly had something stuck in his throat. Frast was better, and started firing randomly down the corridor. Good, thought Wren. He’s good. They might just survive this.
Wren felt the other four Skave approach her and Malene. Each door was blasted apart and Wren felt the Skave Channeling the Deep to boost themselves as they sprinted down the corridors.
“Malene, fire!” she shouted, firing into her darkened corridor. She heard Malene cry out but was too busy aiming at the pair of Skave who somersaulted into the room to look over. Wren managed to hit one of the tumbling Skave in the leg and the Skave collapsed, annoyingly hidden behind bulky monitoring equipment. From the other Skave, now also safely in cover, she felt a flicker of Astrals use. She guessed at another flying dagger. Rather than try and spot and stop the Jovenar she elected to raise an Astral energy shield. Just as the invisible barrier fully formed a Jovenar shattered against it.
“You’re going to have to do better than that!” she shouted above the din of gunfire. She took a quick glance at Malene, who was struggling to get out from underneath the traitor Enisli. Nobody had been watching him. Wren grew angry. How could I have been so stupid?
She dropped her barrier and with an Astral-enhanced aim she burned a hole cleanly through his head. Malene pushed the dead man’s corpse from off her, looked over to thank Wren but as she turned her head a Jovenar burst forth from her neck. In horror, Wren watched as Malene fell to her knees, hands fumbling at her throat in a hopeless attempt to staunch the flow of blood.
Wren screamed in sheer disbelief of what she was witnessing. Before she even knew what she had done she has Channeled her Astral weapon projection into being, a vicious looking scythe that began at her right elbow and extended several feet beyond her hand. It crackled with energy, its blue glow seemed to push back the menace of the emergency lighting. She opened herself to the Astrals like never before. Energy from the Astral plane flooded into her, as if she had been blocking it until now, like some sort of self-imposed dam. Every sense increased tenfold in acuity and her muscles bridled with power. Her eyes shone like blue beacons in the night. Time seemed to slow. She felt as though she could do anything, that she hadn’t really been alive until now, just merely existing.  A small amount of effort brought her defensive barrier back up and Channeling some of her seemingly boundless supply of Astral energy she leapt with astounding speed towards Malene’s attackers.
More Jovenar daggers clattered harmlessly at her shield, ignored. She landed next to the first Skave, a small human female, bringing her own close combat Deep-drawn projection up in hurried defense. The way the black weapon seemed to suck in light hungrily contrasted starkly against Wrens. A quick, powerful Channeled push moved the woman’s blade aside just as Wren struck, her pure-energy scythe swinging quicker than the eye could follow, cleanly decapitating the woman. Wren used her momentum to launch into a spinning somersault, sailing past the Skave Mogui who swung and missed with his blood-red, savagely curved Astral sword. Wren landed in a crouch behind him, whirling around and slicing the legs of the Skave away from under him before he could regain balance from his attack. She continued her lightning-quick spin and as she came around again her blade sizzled and sliced through the Skave’s chest. He died, eyes wide, fixed on Wren’s face in complete surprise.
Malene’s killers had been dealt with, but there were still four more Skave to go. Frast and the guards still had their Skave pinned down but Wren’s two were moving to encircle them, the one she’d clipped struggling but still managing to move around behind the Imperials.
Reaching out, she took hold of a desk and hurled it with Channled energy at the injured Skave. He sensed it and ducked but Wren pushed the table lower in its trajectory and it smashed against his head, knocking him to the ground. She leapt towards the stricken Skave, sensed the other Skave drawing on the Deep to launch multiple Jovenar daggers. She went to raise her shield again but realized that they were aimed at the security men, not her. Too late, they slashed into the men, who screamed out in pain. Frast, protected by being positioned behind the others, looked around wildly before diving for better cover.
With a vicious stab of her scythe, she killed the prone Skave and then Channeled hard, pulling at the Jovenar-throwing Skave enough to stagger him. He lost control of the deadly glass that had been arcing towards Frast. He scowled and drawing on the Deep, he Channeled an Astral weapon into being. It was a huge double-headed axe, pulsing menacingly with Deep-derived energy.
“Edo,” he spat. “You will die, like your friend.”
Wren wasn’t stupid, he was playing for time. She could sense the other two entering the room from the west entrance. She wrenched at his axe with a Channeled pull, and, banking on his attempt to resist, she immediately reversed the pull into a savage push. Combined with his own efforts to resist her initial pull his axe flashed into his face, obliterating the right-hand side of it. She kept on pushing, forcing the axe down and into his shoulder, severing his arm. The Skave wailed in agony before he sagged and fell.
Wren’s danger sense flared. She dived to the floor as a stream of laser fire passed over her, burning her right shoulder. The bolts tracked down towards her and she barely got her scythe up in time to deflect them. She batted the bolts away whilst the other Skave used the Astrals to tumble across the room, intent on setting up a second firing position from where she would be unable to defend against both.
“Frast,” Wren yelled, “still with me?”
“I’m here,” he replied.
“Good, be ready!”
She tugged the Jovenar from the neck of the first fallen guard and flung it towards the Skave who was pouring automatic laser blasts at her. He noticed it, and stopped firing as he concentrated on drawing on the Deep to block the dagger.
Frast fired, burning a hole clean through the Skave’s right shoulder. The Skave’s laser rifle clattered to the floor and he ducked down into cover, grimacing.
“Good,” shouted Wren, “cover me!”
Frast fired at the last upright Skave, pinning him down as Wren leapt over a cabinet towards him. The Skave’s many-barbed, spear-like Astral weapon snapped into being and he swung wildly at Wren, who blocked easily. She feinted with a strike to his head and as he moved to block she kicked out, dislocating the Skave’s left knee. Pain blossomed across his face but he kept standing, transferring all of his weight over the other leg. These Skave really don’t know how to fight dirty, she thought. Works for me. She Channeled her scythe onto her other arm and struck low, towards his injured leg. The Skave snarled and hopped backwards, just in time to block a high blow aimed at his neck. Wren used the momentum from his block to spin her around, drawing her pistol whilst it was hidden from view. She spun back to face the Skave who blocked her scythe as she shot him point blank in the chest. He fell backwards, smoke pouring from the wound. Wren drove her Astral weapon into the hole, finishing him off.
She turned to see that Frast had stood up from his cover, his eyes fixed on her scythe.
“You’re an Ed-” he began, cut short as the tip of a blood-red Astral blade emerged from his chest. He stared down at the blade, confused, for a moment before looking up at Wren. He tried to say something but he died too quickly, the blade slicing through him as he fell.
The last Skave stood, his right arm hanging limply, and his hissing and spitting blade held aloft in his left hand. He used the blade to salute her.
“You fight well. It has been an honor.”
Wren sighed. “Hurry up and die, Skave scum.” He ran at her, and used the Astrals to leap towards her, his crackling Astral blade stretched out before him like a lance. Wren ducked underneath him and used the Astrals to push him as he landed. Combined with his useless arm the push knocked him off balance and he sprawled across the floor, blade dissolving away to avoid injuring himself. She took two fast steps over to him and with a quick swipe of her scythe it was over.
Breathing heavily she let her scythe dematerialize. She ended her Channeling and moved to, then crouched at, Malene’s side. Malene’s blood had pooled around her but Wren ignored it, ignored the stench of vaporized and blasted flesh soaking the air, and ignored the eleven other bodies in the room. She vaguely heard the office workers whimpering quietly to themselves but could only care about Malene Zhao. Her face, her perfect, beautiful face looked quite at peace. As composed after death as before. Tears wet her face, and Wren hugged Malene’s body tight. 

Chapter Five
 
From the bridge of her flagship the Decimator, an Imperial Hellfire Class-III Battleship, Admiral Adami watched as Weststar’s fleet emerged from Hyperspace. Ship after ship winked into existence, the fleet that would take the Zhur Thoggu to the Nushothi cluster. Little did they know what was in store for them once they reached the cluster. She hoped there would be minimal ship loss but ultimately the entire fleet was expendable, made up of older model ships such as the Hellfire-I class Battleship.
A Lieutenant approached, then waited at attention.
“Report, Lieutenant.”
“Admiral. A shuttle has departed from the Indefatigable, requesting permission to dock. They’ve given the correct authorization codes but did not identify themselves.”
Weststar’s party, she assumed, not wasting any time it seems. Let’s expedite their departure further still.
“Re-direct them to the research facility, what they require is down there, on the planet.”
“At once, Admiral,” said the officer, swiftly turning away and marched back to the communications station.
A small smile escaped onto her face. The preparations to get to this point had been intense. She had executed several Imperial officers along the way, and had not enjoyed fleeing to this pathetic system in the outer rim, hiding away after her mortifying defeat to Ison and Brams in the election. She could visualize her delight when she returned to defeat Brams. She would not have to wait much longer. Her wounds had been licked clean. The Zhur Thoggu technology was being rapidly incorporated into her fleet. She would have her revenge.
 
Wren Furlan stood before Riccard Brams, two of his aides, and the remaining Edo. They were in Brams’ personal quarters within the Imperial Headquarters on Citadel, the city of Disthasus.
She had just finished recounting the fight, had struggled to tell of Malene Zhao’s death. Fresh tears welled in her eyes. Several of the Edo shared her tears, all of them somber.
“Thank you, Edo Furlan, that cannot have been easy to go over so soon afterwards,” said Brams, sat in a large throne-like padded chair. He looked distinctly uncomfortable. “I am so sorry for your loss.”
Raichel stood, and Wren returned to her seat. “Malene has joined with the Astrals,” said Raichel. Inside, Raichel battled to control her emotions. There is no end, there is only hope. Easy words to think, more difficult to live by. Her desire for revenge threatened to swallow her whole, but she resisted.
“Whoever opposes you must be tied in somehow with the Skave. It is too coincidental to be anything else.”
Brams agreed. “Yes. I am sorry. I underestimated the opponents that we must battle. I had no idea about the Skave. I just assumed some of the Doyens were behind the attacks.”
Raichel arched an eyebrow. “They are. But how or why the Skave are involved is a mystery that we must discover. Why would the Skave care about who leads the Imperial Dominion? No offense, but the Dominion is a small fish is a big pond.”
Brams inclined his head. ”None taken, Mushur Ison. I agree, we must find out. None are more able to challenge the Skave than the Edo. I must ask that you continue to act as the Fists and discover the Doyens involved, and through them hunt down the Skave that are here within the Dominion.”
Raichel moved close to her friend, the beleaguered High Doyen, and put her hand on his shoulder. “We understood the risks coming here Riccard. We will not run back to Sobal Gailian, with our tails between our legs. We will remain until the Dominion is finally a democratically ran entity, and then we will return with our heads held high. You have our promise.”
She looked around, at the other Edo, their faces equally grim. “Malene’s death will not be in vain.”
 
“Reach out, tell me what you sense.”
Elenore glanced over at her mother’s friend, Mushur Raichel Ison, fabled Edo, killer of Raichel’s brother Tyler Blake, who had ultimately become the evil Skave Lord Overlord Kraiden. She was grateful that Raichel had helped stop him. Stopped him from killing more people, stopped him from sending the entire galaxy into ruin. Only her new Mushur had been up to the task of defeating the Overlord (okay, along with eleven other Edo, but still) and so it had been Raichel who did. Raichel never showed any of the anguish that she must feel over helping to kill her own brother, but Elenore knew - could feel - that Raichel’s heart must have suffered terribly as a consequence. Quite simply, Elenore adored her Mushur.
So now here they were, spying upon Doyen Weststar’s personal home in Disthasus, and Raichel had given her another test. Could Elenore detect everything that Raichel was sensing? Elenore knew that she was strong favored by the Astrals, but so was Raichel, and she was an accomplished, experienced Edo Mushur, and Elenore still an Edo Neophyte. She smiled, ever willing to accept a challenge.
Elenore relaxed, closed her eyes and Channeled, allowed the Astral energy to flow through her. She always felt as if her physicality was expanding, as though she was becoming one with the universe. Her perception grew along with her expansion and as she blossomed outwards, encompassing Weststar’s imposing home, she felt the entities within.
There were eight, no, nine beings. She had almost missed the one, which was a bit strange. She tried to determine their species but struggled to identify them beyond them being humanoid. They were probably all human, given that this was Imperial territory, but she couldn’t be sure. With gentle finesse, Elenore lightly probed at their minds. Four of them seemed to be alert, with taut, focused minds. The obvious answer, guards. Three others, separate and moving slowly around the house had the subdued, repressed minds of the enslaved. Servants, then. The final two were together in the same room. One of the minds glittered, so full of thoughts and intent. The other’s mind, however, the person she’d almost missed, was hidden from Elenore. The possessor was obviously trained in raising mental barriers. Interesting. She explained all this to Raichel.
Raichel remained focused upon the building, but her features softened slightly, telling Elenore all she needed know - that she had done well.
“Let’s go take a look around,” said Raichel.
“But there are nine people in the house,” replied Elenore, worried.
“Sure there are, but then it’s a big building and we have the Astrals with us. You’re more used to sneaking around big places like this - choose us an entrance point please, my young beautiful Neophyte.” Raichel actually winked at Elenore as she spoke, and Elenore giggled.
“Certainly, oh wise and merciful Mushur.”
Elenore considered. According to the government-held plans, the building had four entrances. The grand main entrance, two side entrances for the servants use, and a rear entrance that opened out onto a wonderfully landscaped garden, containing plants and ornaments from across the galaxy. What the property lacked in sheer outright size was more than made up for in luxury and quality. It didn’t compare well to the Grazan Royal Palace, but then little did. On Citadel, however, it was probably one of the most luxurious abodes you would find.
“The east servant entrance,” declared Elenore confidently. It is easier to access, having more cover between here and there, and I detect no one near its vicinity, inside or out.”
“Perfect. Let’s move.”
They kept to the shadows, using the Astrals to minimize noise as they moved. They found their way to the door without issue. Astral-sensed security devices were carefully avoided either physically or through use of Channeling to hide their presence. Both Edo’s eyes glowed with a pale blue light.
Raichel reached into one of her thigh pockets and withdrew a slicing terminal. She plugged it into the door’s lock interface and together they waited as the machine did its work. A few nervous seconds passed until there was a faint click. Raichel packed up and then slowly opened the door. All clear. They moved in, closing the door behind them. Despite her best efforts to keep calm, Elenore’s heart started thudding in her chest. This was exciting, breaking into the home of one of the most powerful men in the Dominion.
Raichel indicated to move west, towards a series of rooms with no one present. They slowly moved into a large trophy room, full of antique weapons, suits of armor and stuffed creatures. Elenore couldn’t identify more than half the collection of creatures, which astounded her as she had devoted many hours to learning about the creatures and monsters of the galaxy whilst researching for her next pet, after her Crimson Falladix had heart-wrenchingly succumbed to a horrible genetic disease.
They moved slowly through the room, looking for a computer terminal to slice. Raichel stopped, moments before Elenore’s own danger sense started tingling.
“What…” she managed, just before four of the suits of armor sprang into life, quickly encircling them. She also sensed the guards and the bright mind start to move towards the room.
“Remain still,” boomed one of the robots. “You are under arrest.” The robots bristled with weaponry. It would be noisy dealing with them.
She watched as Raichel relaxed, and moved slowly into a passive stance, hands crossed over her stomach, resting. Elenore did her best to mimic her Mushur, but what a disaster. They had barely begun their search before getting caught. How was Raichel so unflustered?
One after the other the guards ran in, nasty looking customized pacifier pistols brought to bear on the Edo. They were dangerous looking men, large but with lean, gaunt looking, serious faces. Elenore imagined their marksmanship matched their dedication to keeping fit. In a word, professionals. Even if they wanted to escape now, it would be tricky against both the guards and the robots. Even for an Edo Mushur and the future Queen of the Grazan Combine.
It took another tense thirty seconds before Doyen Weststar sauntered in, doing his best to look amused. Elenore could sense the turmoil he was keeping hidden. Theatrically, he looked around at the guards.
“Oh, I don’t think we’ll be needing our weapons, will we, Mushur Ison?” Raichel shook her head minutely. The guards, though not pleased, lowered their weapons. Elenore knew that getting caught was bad, very bad. Raichel still looked serene.
“Might you tell me why you have broken into my home? Had you simply called I would have been only too happy to give you a tour.”
“Fist business,” said Raichel through gritted teeth.
“Ah, really,” Weststar looked amused. “So you don’t deny that the Fists of the Dominion are nothing other than the Edo, come to save the Commonwealth’s puppet?”
Elenore didn’t need to Channel to see how irritated Raichel was by Weststar’s dig at Brams.
“As you full well know, Doyen Weststar, the Commonwealth had nothing to do with Brams winning the election, Adami managed her own defeat all by herself. Something you, one of her staunchest supporters, should quite clearly remember.”
Elenore felt a flurry of thoughts and emotions from Weststar. Something Raichel had set had alarmed him. Forcing him to remember his involvement in Adami’s defeat?
Weststar inclined his head in acknowledgement of Raichel’s words. “No matter. I wonder what all the other Doyen’s will think when they discover that the Fists of the Dominion are Edo and that you were found breaking into my home?”
“I could take the memories from you, your guards. Destroy your robots, leave your house a ruin, should I wish,” growled Raichel.
Things were escalating, quickly. Elenore had to do something, fast.
“Excuse me, Doyen Weststar,” she said, stepping in front of Raichel, who wasn’t really that much taller than her, Elenore noticed. “Do you know who I am?”
With her hair tied back in tight pleats, and her black militaristic Fists outfit Weststar had plainly not identified her. He looked at her, clearly thinking hard.
“I’m sorry, little one, I do not.”
“You should. My mother is the Queen of the Grazan Combine.” As she spoke, recognition bloomed on the Doyen’s face. His eyes grew wide.
“Elenore Frost!” He bowed. “An honor, your highness, though I am surprised to find you meddling in the affairs of others.”
Putting on her most regal manner, she replied, “You need not concern yourself with my ‘meddlings’, as you so quaintly put it, Doyen Weststar. Merely that your, ah, tact in this matter will be most appreciated by my mother. Most appreciated.”
The Doyen seemed to stop and consider.
Within a few minutes the two Edo were escorted to the main entrance, and with the four guards watching their every step the left the compound.
"You know he'll never stick to the agreement," remarked Raichel.
"I know, it was just the least violent option I could think of. It allowed him to save face and thus he played along. I'm sure that when it does leak he'll deny that it was him and so he'll still be able to claim a favor from the Grazans."
Raichel smiled and shook her head. "Your political insight is already far superior to mine, Edo Frost."
"That's what happens when you start teaching a child about politics before they can even speak," smiled Elenore, her face a mocking picture of exasperation.
Raichel laughed and then, play acting nonchalance by looking at her fingernails, said, “Of course, there’s always the possibility he just won himself a favor for nothing.”
“What do you mean?” replied Elenore, confused.
“Well,” drawled Raichel, enjoying the moment, “I’m guessing you didn’t notice how he didn’t seem the least bit surprised two Edo wearing Fists of the Dominion uniforms were in his home?”
The implications hit Elenore like a physical blow to her stomach. Her cheeks blossomed red with embarrassment.
“That sneaky,” Elenore began, but faltered, too shocked at having been so easily duped by Weststar.
“Don’t be too hard on yourself, my young Neophyte,” laughed Raichel. “You actually saved the day - all I could think to do was arrest the vile man on some flimsy treason grounds. It would have probably caused a political crisis for Brams.”
Elenore perked up a bit. “Really? I saved a mighty Edo Mushur?”
“Sure! And I didn’t mind one bit you stepping in since who am I to argue with a future Queen and most importantly it’s not me who owes that scumbag the favor.” Raichel winked mischievously at Elenore.
Elenore scowled back.
 
Val Nordin frowned. Sat down in the cantina, with the rest of his Paladins, they were going over the data obtained from the ship thieves, matched up with any recent activity of the stolen ships. There were quite a few leads to follow up on.
“Is anyone getting anything from the Astrals,” he asked. “Any indications on which is the best lead to chase?”`
Nothing but shakes of heads, scowls or worse. Antreeba let out a small howl, frustrated.  
“Let each Flight group choose a lead, we will cover three times as much ground that way,” offered Senoch Gray, the tall Fassen. What he lacked in charisma he made up for in doggedness, something Val could appreciate.
“I’m not sure that is a wise idea,” said Kaisa Ko. “We’re not just hunting for ship thieves. What if a flight encounters a large group of Skave? We are much weaker when divided.”
“I’m not afraid,” replied Karlos Tsia’ool. “We must do what we have to do to stop the Skave. If we have to put ourselves in more danger to do so then that is a price we must pay.”
Kaisa looked at Karlos fondly, a small smile crept up onto her face. Karlos, still a teenager, blushed.
“Karlos is correct,” said Val. “We will do as Senoch suggests. We will ask Captain Nasturn to keep the freighter mobile and at a midpoint between our three flights, ready to respond should we need her. This mission is more important than any of our lives.”
He turned back to Karlos, and stood.
“Neophyte Tsia’ool, please rise.” Karlos stood up, confused and embarrassed by the sudden attention.
“You have proven yourself time and time again. You have become a strong and resourceful Edo. I am honored to have you amongst my Paladins, an equal to all. Your training is complete. You are no longer a Neophyte, Edo Askari Tsia’ool.”
As the other Edo applauded, Karlos spluttered, finally just settling on grinning at everyone, overjoyed.
Val smiled thinly. That boy is mine, he thought. He will do whatever I ask of him. I can only hope that when the time comes the results of his actions will be worth the cost.
 
“Edo,” spat Admiral Petrina Adami. The holographic image of her amply displayed her outrage. Weststar found it interesting to watch Adami react to the news. Whilst he currently had no concerns over her loyalty, it was wise for him to remember how she could let her emotions rule her. Like now.
“Brams has gone too far, this time,” she said, almost shouting. “I will signal my fleet to depart immediately.”
Weststar sat back, shook his head slowly, and took a small, measured sip of his very fine, and ridiculously expensive Deniroe Boff liquor. It was all a calculated act to show that he was in charge, in control. Relaxed and authoritative. Powerful. He knew that she responded to power, her infatuation with Grand Doyen Vang proof enough.
“My dear, you must be patient. Brams will be defeated, but not if we are simply reacting to his moves. If we attack now, whilst we’re still off-guard and with an unfinished fleet we risk losing everything, including our heads.”
“Amos,” she began, but Weststar cut her off.
“No, Petrina. Do nothing but concentrate on your fleet. Get the Zhur Thoggu tech installed as quickly as you can. Train your men. Be ready. The time is coming, it is just not now.”
“But the Edo - “
“Do not worry about the Edo. I have a long term plan for their ultimate annihilation, and they are playing right into my hands.” He paused, melodramatically. “In fact, my dear, I was rather relying on them coming to Brams’ aid.”
“What are you talking about,” said Adami, angry and confused.
He smiled, almost gloating. “I have used our, ah, little endeavor to draw the Edo here. I will reduce their numbers directly whilst they remain in the Dominion and am hopeful that they will be exposed quite soon. Once this happens there will be outrage in the Commonwealth, the Edo will become further exposed and finally ripe for the picking.”
Adami considered his words, finally nodding, sharply. “Good. Though I am not pleased you kept this from me.”
“Petrina, dear. I need you focused on your tasks there. I cannot tell you about everything I do. It was time for you to know about my plans for the Edo, and now you know. Trust me, if there are things you need to learn, I will not hold them from you.”
Adami gave him a cold stare. “You had better not.”

Chapter Six
 
A swarm of strangely shaped, constantly reforming Ulorbana fighters swam towards her, more than her TacCom could count. Raichel stamped hard on her Nebula fighter’s sub-dimension rudder whilst cutting power, slewing her impossibly around in a tight arc until she was heading back, as quickly as her small warship was capable of. Her inertial dampeners setting must have been at 100% as she felt nothing of the tremendous g-forces she had put her ship through. She slammed full power back into the engines, diverting all energy from weapons and life support into them. As she accelerated superheated rock began splashing against her rear shield. She diverted her front shields to rear and Channeled, letting the Astrals guide her hand and steer her away from the lava balls. Even as strong as she was with the Astrals, she could not avoid them all, for there were hundreds of enemy fighters attacking her, and their fire was eerily accurate.
She used a nearby planet to increase her speed, using its gravitational pull to slingshot around it, gaining distance on the pursuing pack. As she exited the other side of the planet she realized she had just flown into a Zhur Thoggu battle fleet, busy blasting the surface of the planet into oblivion with their plasma cannons. Raichel flinched as she recognized the planet as Citadel, the Imperial Dominion’s capitol world. Its capital city, Disthasus, had been almost completely destroyed - even from her vantage point she could see the terrible destruction. The world was in flames.
She flew wildly, desperately flying between Imperial Battleship sized hunks of flying nanite metal whilst attempting to evade the attacks of the countless Ulorbana fighters. There was nothing she could do to help Citadel, even her own survival seemed unlikely.  Raichel felt the deaths of the people on the planet, wave after wave of anguish flooding over her as their lives were quenched.
One of the huge ships lumbered near her and she skipped closely around it, hugging its hull to prevent attack by the pursuing Ulorbana fighters. She emerged from the ship’s shadow and realized her mistake. A gargantuan Zhur Thoggu Megaship lay in wait, its pincer-like main weapon already extended towards her. She snap-rolled her Nebula fighter over onto its port stabilizers and attempted to dive away but the enormous pincers loomed ever closer. It engulfed her and her fighter, snapping down to devour her whole. She felt overwhelming sorrow for having so utterly failed the Dominion.
Raichel awoke, her heart pounding, slaked with sweat. She was on Citadel, in her sleeping chamber within the Imperial Headquarters. A dream, she thought, with some relief. No, it had been more than that. A vision, or a message from the Astrals. Zhur Thoggu, here? Attacking Citadel? How was that possible? The Prosger Treaty, a treaty with the Zhur Thoggu meant that they were demilitarized in return for amnesty honored and enforced by the Expen Prosger blockade. They had no battle fleet.
As the vivid details of the vision faded, she felt as though there had been something different about the Zhur Thoggu ships, something she hadn’t noticed whilst in the vision. Something very strange, but as she tried to see the details they slipped from her memory, like a Stinaceph slipping into shadow.
 
Jake Bulver and Kaliko Savina were lying in almost exactly the same spot that Raichel and Elenore had been in three nights earlier. They were under express orders from Raichel not to go on Weststar’s property, and not to reveal themselves if at all possible.
“Remember,” whispered Kaliko, mimicking Raichel intentionally poorly, “observation only.”
Jake rolled his eyes good-humoredly. Since being in the Dominion he had seemed to come out of himself more each day. Kaliko was doing her best to help him, trying to keep him occupied and in good spirits as much as she could.
It was late evening. There was very little traffic and fewer still pedestrians in this very select area of Citadel. Channeling to hide from the Astral plane, and in their black Fists uniforms they were in no fear of being spotted. Kaliko had huddled close to Jake. She would have said it was to reduce their silhouette if he’d have asked, but he’d not objected, even as their shoulders and hips rubbed together, setting her nerves tingling. She was glad nothing was happening within the house since she wasn’t really able to concentrate whilst being so maddeningly close to him.
From Raichel and Elenore’s debriefing of their earlier debacle, they had known who to expect within the building. They had detected Weststar’s bright mind almost immediately, along with his guards, who seemed to have grown in number from four to eight. At first they had missed it, but the closed off mind was there again, in close proximity to the Doyen. Who was this person, so clearly trained in warding off Astral mind probes. Were they involved in the plot against the High Doyen?
Kaliko emerged back into the Astrals and reached out again, felt the hidden person’s mind still there with the Doyen. She sensed Jake copy her. He looked at her.
“If they leave while we’re still here we need to follow them if we can.”
Kaliko looked back at him, a sidelong glance. “Just follow?”
“Kaliko,” he reprimanded, “we can’t afford another incident. Brams is already going to suffer for Raichel’s break-in. We must only observe.”
“I know, I know,” she replied. Jake looked skeptical. “I know,” she said, more emphatically. “I won’t let you down, Jake.” She put her hand on his arm. “I promise.” They held each other’s gaze for a moment before Silverdell looked away, slightly troubled.
“I know,” he said quietly. “I recognize everything that you are doing for me.” He looked back briefly. “You are a good friend.”
It was like an Astral weapon stabbing into her heart. She snatched her hand away, a little more forcefully than she had meant to. Friend! Jake looked round.
“Are you ok?”
Kaliko looked away. Men. “I’m fine,” she replied, curtly. Jake shrugged. As much as for a distraction than anything else, Kaliko probed the house again, discovering that the closed off mind was on the move, heading towards the main entrance.
Problems forgotten, she tapped Jake on the shoulder. “We have movement. Our mystery guest is about to make an exit.” Jake pulled out his binoculars and trained them on the door. As they waited a large, anonymously black, multi-passenger repulsor vehicle swooped down from the sky and hovered outside the main gates, blocking their view entirely.
“Blast it!” exclaimed Jake. Kaliko thought fast.
“Lose your jacket,” she said as she quickly stood and began taking her own off.
“What?” said Jake, confused.
“Just do it. Trust me!” She grabbed him, started dragging him towards the house as he struggled to take off his jacket. They made it to the street, not far from the repulsor vehicle just as the doors to the building opened and a darkly clothed man appeared, wearing a hooded cape or gown of some sort. They needed to get closer to see his face.
Kaliko hooked her arm through Jake’s and pulled him towards the hover.
“Play along,” she whispered, and then leant over and kissed him. Jake’s eyes widened in surprise but quickly understood what she was doing. They walked forwards, giggling, acting like lovers, trying to time their movements to arrive at the vehicle along with the mystery man. The door to the vehicle opened, and Kaliko couldn’t see or feel anyone within it. A robot-controlled hover, maybe?
The gates to Weststar’s house opened and the hooded man slipped through. Arriving slightly too soon, Kaliko stopped directly between the man and the hover and grabbed at Jake, kissing him passionately. As the man walked around them Jake managed to get a brief glimpse of his face, despite his view being full of Kaliko’s face and wild blonde hair.
The man climbed into the hovering vehicle and it rose immediately, shooting off to the North. They kept up their act until they’d left the street, Kaliko unashamedly making the absolute most of every second of it. He was a better kisser than she’d dare hoped. Her legs actually felt a bit wobbly. She sighed with happiness.
Finally, they unhooked arms. “So,” she asked, “did you recognize him?”
Jake was looking at her strangely, and didn’t appear to hear her. Maybe he enjoyed that as much as she had? She could only hope.
“Citadel to Jake, come in Jake?”
“Oh, yes,” he said, slightly flustered. “You’re not going to believe who it is.”
 
Flight group One of Val’s Paladins emerged through streaking star lines back into normal space. Val quickly checked his navigation board and saw that the rest of the group in perfect formation. He quickly reached out and touched each mind, ensuring they were awake and alert after a considerable hyperspace journey. Being Edo they had each used Edo hibernation techniques to make the trip more bearable, and arrive completely refreshed.
This system, Isicess, was an uninhabited one, uncharted for many years. The seven planets, four rocky, three gas giants, and one large asteroid belt far out beyond the planets matched the records. Initial scans appeared to confirm there was no activity but since they had information showing this system as a likely destination for the stolen ships it would need to be thoroughly investigated.
To search the system quicker Val decided to split up. “Ares, take the asteroid belt. Dimerchi, the gas giants. Senoch, planets one and two. I’ll take three and four.”
Double clicks rang out over the com as the Edo confirmed their orders and each peeled away on different vectors, engines on their Recon Nebula fighters pushing hard with additional redirected power.
Having entered the system from beyond the asteroid belt, Ares arrived at her search area first. However, since it was also by far the largest she would probably end up being assisted by the others once their searches were complete.
“Beginning search. Mostly ice and rock asteroids and planetoids. No unusual readings so far,” she said.
“Acknowledged, Ares,” said Val, “don’t just rely on sensors.” He had no need to say that he meant that she should also Channel.
Dical Dimerchi reached planet six (seven was on the other side of the star) and entered a high orbit. “Nothing so far, Val,” he said.
Planet four had a thick methane-filled, terribly hot atmosphere and thus it was highly unlikely that anyone would operate from down on the planet. Val scanned it quickly, just to be sure, and then spent more time investigating its two small moons.
Senoch Gray’s search would be even quicker, with the innermost two planets having had their atmosphere’s scorched from them by the system’s fiercely burning blue-white star.
Gray quickly finished his scans and set off to assist Val Nordin with planet three.
“Wait…” said Ares Nilssen over the com, more to herself than anything.
“What is it?” said Val, who started to turn his Nebula fighter in her direction immediately. Gray fell into formation with him, just to his port and rear.
“I sense something,” she said, hesitation clear in her voice. “Give me a moment,”
“Dical, give Ares some company please.” Another double click confirmed the instruction. Val was impressed with how Dical didn’t vocalize, to ensure that if Ares needed to speak she wouldn’t have to compete with him for the com.
Val and Senoch continued to blast across the solar system towards Ares. His skin started to prickle. A warning from the Astrals.
“Ares, break off, join up with Dimerchi.”
“One moment,” replied Ares, distracted. “I’ve nearly found it, something is coming up on scanners.”
“Ares!” It was no good, she was on the trail of something, and like any good hunter she became tunnel-focused when nearing the kill. Val changed communicator channel to Dical.
“Dimerchi, how soon to Ares?”
“30 seconds, Val, all power diverted to engines.”
“Thanks, Dimerchi. I have a bad feeling - “
“Contact,” shouted Ares over the group channel. “I read three ships powering up and moving away from a large asteroid. Two fighters and a larger ship… a gunboat. They are heading towards me, I think they’ve detected me. I can see there’s a freighter-sized ship still docked on the asteroid at some sort of facility.”
“Ares,” said Val urgently, “break off and wait for Dical.”
“Val, the freighter is powering up, I need to stop it. I can get past the fighters and the gunboat.”
His board showed her dropping all stealth pretenses as Ares powered up her shields and weapons and blasted towards the asteroid.
“Twenty seconds out,” commed Dimerchi. Too long. Skavespit!
“I’m detecting Astrals users in those ships,” said Ares. “Here they come!”
It was a disaster. Helplessly, Val sat in his Nebula fighter as it powered towards the engagement, watching and feeling as the inexperienced Ares fought fiercely but briefly against the Skave until a broadside from the gunboat smashed into her lightly armored Recon. The ship detonated, the explosion large but brief. Val felt Ares’s death through the Astral plane, but there was no time for grief.
“Dical. Break, break!”
“Confirmed, Val,” said Dimerchi, his voice breaking. He pulled away and arced around, joining Val and Senoch Gray. The Skave appeared to be hanging back, covering the escape of the freighter.
Quickly, Val designated a target to each Edo. “Launch stealth bombs!”
Against normal opponents, stealth bombs were almost impossible to detect, and lethal in their effectiveness, even against small fighters. But these fighters were piloted by Skave, who through the Deep could detect the bombs. Almost immediately the ships began to move, evading the bombs with fast, unpredictable movements.
Val’s target, an Aneev hammercraft jinked and span with the agility the fighter was well known for yet Val’s telekinetic Astrals abilities were powerful and after what seemed like a stretched out tortuous eternity the bomb’s proximity sensor triggered and it detonated. The hammercraft disintegrated with it.
The gunboat and the other fighter, an old, battered Pseudo fighter, were dancing for their lives. They looped, and spun and dived as they sought to evade the shadow bombs. All the time, buying their freighter time to leave the asteroid field and jump to hyperspace.
Val thought of the Star Killer, biting back feelings of guilt and remorse over Nanidu, and how he had engaged its controls from deep within the gas giant planet Ronensis. Urgency demanding it, he reached out savagely for the Pseudo fighter, felt the cockpit and the Skave pilot and rather than display the finesse he had used to control the individual switches of  the Star Killer he imagined a giant fist, and swung it with all his might around the cockpit.
It worked. The fighter went into a wild spin, but on a straight vector as the pilot fought to regain control. It was a simple task for Dimerchi to move his bomb straight into the doomed craft. The bomb detonated close to its engines, the resulting explosion smashing the fighter into pieces.
Senoch Gray still struggled with the gunboat.
“Dimerchi, disable the freighter, I’ll assist Gray.” A double click confirmed the order and Dical powered after the freighter. “Senoch, Channel,” urged Val, “dominate the pilot, seize control.”
“But that is of the Deep,” said Senoch, struggling to talk, whilst wrestling with his shadow bomb and flying his fighter.
“No,” said Val, as he attempted to zero in on the gunship. “A misconception. Channeling techniques are not inherently good or evil. Only their application taints them, what our intent is when we use them. We’re here to save lives, end the Skave menace. Do it!”
It was more of a test of the single-minded Gray’s loyalty than anything. Val could have took control of the Skave pilot himself, or repeated the trick with the controls again. He wanted to see how Senoch would act.
 
Nordin felt Gray’s grip on his shadow bomb slacken, and he took over, moving it faster and more surely than Gray could ever achieve. Val felt his ego inflate, even whilst concentrating so furiously on the small object. He fought to control his feelings of superiority but he was the most powerful Edo alive and so it was hard to deny his own brilliance.
“He… is… resisting…” groaned Senoch Gray, “can’t break through.”
Nordin’s lips twisted into a bitter smile. Gray was his. Gray’s attempt at controlling the Skave’s mind was enough to distract the Skave, and with one final effort he steered the shadow bomb directly into the gunboat’s cockpit. The pilot died instantly as the bomb scattered his atoms far and wide.
“Skavespawn,” cursed Dical over the general channel, “the freighter managed to jump to hyperspace before I could enter firing range.”
Val had thought that likely so was not too upset.
“Form back up. Let’s go give their base a fly-by and see what the Skave have been up to.”
As they swooped in, Val hardly thought of the lost Edo Askari Ares Nilssen, other than to resent her failure to follow orders. He had lost a member of his Flight Group, but no matter, it was still by far the strongest of his groups, since Val himself led it. 
 
As always, Calista Flores had developed an itch on the end of her nose as soon as she, her fellow Edo, and the whole Riccard Brams ensemble had stepped into public view. Even Astral meditation techniques didn’t help. It drove her mad with its disconcerting, ever-present irritation.
She was deeply regretting having been assigned as one of the Royal Defenders, and not just because of the itch. Hour after hour of mindless tedium was starting to grate. She was a patient woman when needed, but protecting Brams seemed like a waste of her talents. Already the Fists had lost a member and were suffering from almost daily attacks, yet here she was, on another mind-numbing trip as part of Brams’ retinue. She had no idea how he rest of the retinue coped with the demands of governing the Imperial Dominion day after day, month on end.
They had come all the way out to the Outer Territories, to Tegara, an Imperial Stronghold world in the Athcron sector to inspect how rebuilding was progress since its recapture from the Zhur Thoggu.
The morning had been spent touring various facilities, from armories to hospital, weapon emplacements to shield generators. Brams had endured meeting officials, workers and soldiers, one after another. Each was met with a sincere smile and a firm handshake. She had to give him credit - none of it was faked, since she could perceive his emotions. Maybe he really was the man to finally unite the Commonwealth with the Dominion.
More than two million Imperial citizens had crowded into a large open public square in the center of the city of Hequrisa. It had been built on the site of an old robot factory that had been completely destroyed by the slave-freeing Zhur Thoggu. Grandiose fountains and statues adorned the area. An enormous, specially commissioned statue of Riccard Brams took pride of place, towering over them all.
Their armored repulsor car had intentionally stopped only a short distance away from the plinth from where Brams would give his speech. The people were cordoned back a considerable distance, Imperial security officers interspersed with fewer numbers of glistening shock troopers served to help deter any of the jostling crowd from attempting to get closer.
Flores and her fellow Edo, the tall and capable Gil, and the two Edo Neophytes Sys Bramion, and Elen Ney emerged first. It was almost undoubtedly the first time any Tegari had seen Imperial Defenders, glorious in their mirror-finish, heavy shock armor. An audible gasp went up, people pointed and cheered. They snapped their heavy gauss rifles into position against their shoulders in synchronicity, and split into pairs, Gil with Flores and the two Neophytes to the other side as Brams stepped out, his aides following.
Flores was surprised at how many jeers there were, at least as many as there were cheers. Even here, on a Stronghold world his popularity was diminishing as the Dominion suffered more and more frequent terrorist attacks. Vidcams, operated by news corporations from across the Dominion and around the galaxy floated a respectable distance away, filming Brams’ every move.
Brams waved and strode up to the plinth, climbing the steps. Flores and the other Edo moved out, to each side, a good distance separating them from Brams. Elite shock troopers moved to stand behind him, to provide close protection in the unlikely event that anyone should get past the Royal Defenders.
“My fellow Imperials,” began Riccard, smiling broadly. “I have spent the day on Tegara and I have found myself impressed time and time again. What you have achieved since we won back Tegara from the Zhur Thoggu is nothing short of astounding.”
Cheers went up, along with obscenities aimed at the Zhur Thoggu, rather than Brams himself.
As Brams continued, a small figure, details hidden behind a dark hooded cloak, managed to squeeze themselves through the picket line of guards and shock troopers and ran towards Bramion and Ney. The two Neophyte snapped their heavy gauss rifles across the others, forming a cross to block the small person.
Flores’ danger sense screamed at her, the Astrals seeming to demand her to stop the infiltrator. Her free hand came up and she exerted herself, stopping the figure dead in its tracks. The Neophytes took a step back as they saw the tormented, anguished look on the diminutive man’s face.
Something shiny dropped from hand. As Calista Flores attempted to halt it with additional Channeling the man spoke.
“I’m sorry - “
He exploded. The shockwave knocking Brams, his troopers, Flores and Gil flying back thirty feet. Laying on the group, her guard uniform’s helmet having protected her face and hearing, she looked towards the attacker. The young Edo, along with the man, were gone, having been caught fully in the blast of what she assumed was a thermal detonator, or a suit of explosives.
In shock, she watched as Gil recovered enough to run over to Brams and help him up. Gil asked if he was ok but clearly Brams couldn’t hear, having been temporarily deafened by the explosion. Brams’ suit had armor built into it so he had escaped mostly unharmed, except for some deep shrapnel cuts across the side of his head.
She’d lost them. She, the Edo Mushur, had failed Sys Bramion and Elen Ney. She realized how little personal time she’d spent with them, how little she knew of them, and now how she would never get to know them. Because of her.
Gil looked around at her, but she felt as though she were encased in rock, unable to move or act. To think that she had thought she would be better used as a Fist of the Dominion. She had failed to stop even just one man.
Calista’s danger sense flashed again, but she ignored it. She saw Gil spin around and a trio of dark figures leapt over the line of troopers to land near Gil and Brams. She saw them raise gauss rifles, watched as Gil had no option but to drop his own rifle and bring his favored pair of Astral swords into being, their crackling seemingly the only sound in the galaxy as the entire crowd held its collective breath. The luminous, semi-transparent swords danced and whirled as if alive as he masterfully blocked the bullets aimed at him and Brams, diverting them into the ground. She felt Gil call urgently to her, but it was if she were outside her body, powerless to control it.
Then, surprise registering mildly even through her stupor, she watched as the attackers broke off and with the grace of gymnasts effortlessly evaded the oncoming guards and shock troopers to fade back into the crowd, as if they had never existed.
Sys.
Elen.
Chapter Seven
 
The Commonwealth inner Representatives shouted angrily as the holographic projector replayed the scene on loop. The tall Imperial Defender, armor badly damaged, producing a pair Astral swords to defend himself and the Imperial Dominion’s High Doyen. Each time the Astral weapons sprang magically into life a fresh roar erupted from the incensed politicians.
This was it, this was all they needed, thought Olsen Carver. I won’t be able to stop them. It was no surprise that Martilda Cutmaster lead the pack.
“Premier, I must insist that a full session of the Assembly be called. The Edo have gone too far. Too far!” Her skeletally thin arms gesticulated wildly, as though trying to join in with their own demands.
Idrid Matour, the Egerician Representative seconded the request and it was so it was done. Olsen sighed, probably one of the most heart-felt he had ever made. He shook his head sadly.
“Please enter it into the records. An extraordinary meeting of the Assembly is to be held with all haste. Signal all Commonwealth Representatives who are within travelling distance that their attendance is required.”
“One further request, if you will, Premier,” enquired Cutmaster, her manners a complete charade. Carver nodded at her, but looked away, unable to bear looking at the horrendous woman.
“Have Sord Okarachebe attend, as leader of the Edo he should be prepared to explain their actions.”
He knew a stitch-up job when he saw one. The other Representatives expressed what a wonderful suggestion it was, leaving him with no option.
“As you wish. Have an invitation extended to Mushur Okarachebe.”
He looked around at them all. Carver thought that he understood politicians, and accepted that there was a need for them to be how there were. But not in this case. Loathing spilled from him, he hoped that they couldn’t see his hatred for them past his carefully controlled veneer.
“I hope you all realize what you are doing,” he said quietly.
“Oh we do,” said Cutmaster, maintaining a self-satisfied expression. “We do indeed.”
 
 
Master Crafter Jent’i Tasshik watched the final shuttle approach the docking hangar. He shuddered to think how pitiful the Zhur Thoggu had become, to be so reliant on the human’s pitiful attempts at inorganic technology. Once an outpost had been established in the old Nushothi Forest Enclave they would no longer need the Imperials. There they would begin anew, growing in strength until they were finally strong enough to complete the task they had set out to do - conquer this wretched galaxy.
He flexed a hand careful, subconsciously. Slowly the shuttle settled on the deck of this heinous affront to life, a so-called Battleship. The last of his Zhur Thoggu descended its ramp and were directed away to their ‘quarters’, as the Imperial Commander had called them, by their heavily armed warriors in their lifeless, ridiculously oversized armor. Why they wore it, Jent’i Tasshik had no idea. Nanite blades, drones, even a Krostive dagger sliced through their armor like it wasn’t even there - a testament to how Zhur Thoggu technology towered over this galaxy’s inorganic infancy.
Once this final shuttle departed the fleet would begin the ten day trip to their new beginning. Tasshik, having no trust in humans, suspected that the Imperials may not quite live up to their end of the bargain. No matter, he and the other Zhur Thoggu leaders had prepared for that with a small surprise of their own. Let them attempt their betrayal. They will realize how futile it is to oppose the Zhur Thoggu when we are truly prepared.
 
This time, there was a brittle silence as Riccard Brams entered, yet again, the Doyen council meeting chamber. His two remaining Imperial Defenders were met with growls and scowls as they followed him in.
Doyen Urnit, predictable to the last, leapt to his feet. “Brams, I must protest!” Several other Doyen’s also vocalized their displeasure. Brams stood by his seat and waited. Urnit remained standing, face flushed with anger.
“Doyen Urnit, must I have you shot again? I think without the stun setting this time.”
Alarmed, Urnit sagged into his seat, and glared impotently at Riccard.
“Shame,” said Brams as he seated himself. He had not missed how Urnit had called him by name rather than his title.
Doyen Weststar raised a hand. “If I may, Sir?”
Brams nodded, “Of course, Doyen Weststar. I do appreciate a man with good manners, even if his other activities do leave a sour taste in one’s mouth.”
Weststar frowned slightly at his dig but continued without missing a beat.
“Thank you, High Doyen.” Theatrically, Weststar swept his hands around to encompass all the other Doyen’s in the room. “We would like to express our, ah, displeasure over two things. Both being related to your guards here. First is the manner in which we discovered the second, that your Imperial Defenders, or at least one of them, is a Edo.”
“Weststar, as I have mentioned previously, I am not answerable to you or any of your peers. I alone rule this Dominion.”
“Sir, I do not argue - “
“The Edo are enemies of the Dominion!” shouted in Urnit, who leapt to his feet again. “The Edo helped the Commonwealth defeat us time and time again! You insult us all by conspiring with them.”
“Urnit…” warned Brams.
“No! Shoot me if you must. Today, I am disgusted to be an Imperial. The Emperor would not have allowed this. He would be killing them, not working with them. This is a black day for the Dominion.”
Urnit spat on the table, and moved to leave but paused when he saw that Brams’ shock troopers had their guns trained on him. He looked to Brams, defying him.
Things were already bad enough. He had known that eventually the Edo would be revealed, he just hadn’t expected it so soon. He would have to escalate quickly his seeking out of the mole. He couldn’t risk further backlash by shooting or arresting Urnit.
“Let him go,” Brams said quietly. “Escort him back to his craft, he has many pressing matters back home that he needs to attend to.” Urnit frowned but didn’t argue, he knew it could be worse, much worse.
As Urnit left, Brams stood and started walking around the table. This needs to be good.
“Yes, I have asked the Edo to assist me. Yes, I kept this from you. Why, you ask? There are those, who I am sure number amongst you, who seek to see me deposed as High Doyen. Unfortunately, rather than be open about it, and seek a change via the democratic process they work in secret, and ally themselves with dark forces. I believe they are responsible for the terrorist attacks on our bases and planets. They look to weaken me, my support and the strength of the Dominion itself. The Edo are here to help me find the perpetrators, and when I do,” he said, looking straight at Weststar, “they will be tried and sentenced for treason. I will make sure their deaths will be slow and painful. Maybe a trip to the Dark Nest of Eunleen would suffice.”
“Now,” he said, “rather than discuss the Edo, I would much rather discuss these enemies of the Dominion. If any of you have information that would lead to their arrest I would be quite happy to discuss with you in private. I’m sure full immunity could be granted should the information prove advantageous.”
Brams stopped and smiled at Weststar, who couldn’t help but betray his nerves by swallowing. He started pacing again. “These people are doomed. I invite you to avoid their fate.”
 
Lee had insisted Raif and Nate meet him and the others at the FleetTech manufacturing plant, on Havalor, a planet in the Imperial Dominion-held Havalon sector. Intrigued, Ko had agreed. Lee had provided official FleetTech ID for them and so it had been no trouble at all to gain clearance to land at the starport. On the outskirts of Havalor City, covering an area equivalent to a third of the city itself, the FleetTech factory provided work for a large fraction of the populace. With the civil war on the southern continent having ended decades ago, the planet was thriving, having managed to escape the Zhur Thoggu war relatively unharmed. FleetTech itself was still manufacturing highly popular ships, including the one all of the ex-Gladiator squadron loved: the Nebula fighter. It didn’t take Raif’s Astral intuition to figure out that they were here to pick up some Nebula fighters.
The two aging Edo Mushur wondered what Lee had managed to rustle up at such short notice.
“My credits are on some old Mark II’s,” said Nate. “Some of those old relics were probably on display in a factory museum.”
“Hey,” said Ko, elbowing Nate as they made their way towards the hanger Lee had specified, having borrowed a small wheeled personnel transport. “Don’t hate so much on old relics. They can still get the job done, you just have to be a bit gentler with them.”
Shepherd winked back, and pretended to hobble as he walked, making Ko laugh.
“I think he’s managed to get us some Recons,” mused Ko after a moment. “Think about it, they’d be perfect for us on this mission.”
“True, but those things are as rare as an honest Buderimian.”
Raif laughed. “Nothing’s as rare as an honest Buderimian. I should know.”
Finally, they made their way through the gargantuan, labyrinthine FleetTech factory to their designated hanger. The hanger itself was enormous, and the ceiling so high that mist formed, giving the impression of clouds and you could almost be mistaken for thinking you were outside.
They drove around ships on production lines in various stages of completion, Nebulas and Starhawks still clearly very much in demand.
“I told you,” crowed Raif, “Recon Nebulas!”
They’d found the old Gladiators, engaged in some kind of heated debate. The stood next to a group of black, star-speckled Nebula fighters. They looked very much like Recons, but as they neared they both frowned, baffled.
“They’re not…” murmured Ko.
“They look full size,” said Shepherd. “How can that be?”
Lee spotted them as they approached and he pointed out the Edo to the other Gladiators, Shawn Moller, August Durante, and Dang Obasanji. Shawn and August looked old, thought Ko as he and Shepherd leapt from the vehicle into a sea of cheering, hugging and backslapping. I guess I look old too. Raif wasn’t sure how old Dang was, and couldn’t tell if he looked any older. Maybe Nate’s right and we are just aging relics, too old to be gallivanting around the galaxy now, thinking we can make a difference.
“So,” said Ko after the happy reunion and introductions of the Gladiators to Nate Shepherd were finished. “What’s the story with these beauties?”
Lee smiled broadly. “These are just a little something I’ve been working on together with FleetTech. Fame has its benefits.”
Lee went on to explain that they were the latest version of the standard Nebula fighter, the Mark IV, but had been adapted with technology from the Recon. A lot of work and research had gone into the Recon’s gravitic modulator and sensor damping suite, reducing them both massively in terms of their physical dimensions, allowing the ship to have the normal XJ7 complement of three torpedo bays whilst still retaining all of the XJ7’s weapon systems and enhanced shields. The black sensor-masking material that clad the ships had also been reduced in thickness, minimizing mass. In essence, it was a fully-featured, fully maneuverable Mark IV but with almost Recon level stealth capabilities.
“Of course, they’re not cheap - the only real drawback,” said Lee, still positively brimming with happiness and pride. “Getting the modulator and damping suite down in size was extremely expensive. FleetTech aren’t sure they’ll ever recoup their investment but they wanted to thank me for making the Nebula fighter so popular.”
“Are they giving us fighter robots too?” asked Durante. None of them had had time to bring their own robots.
“Sure are. X4’s. We had toyed with integrating X4 brains into the ships themselves as it would have reduced weight but I decided I like fighter robots just as they are.” Nobody argued, they’d all had their skins saved on more than one occasion by their robot flying partners.
Moller rubbed his hands together. “I don’t know about the rest of you but I’m excited to fly one. When do I get to show you old timers how to fly one?”
“Now,” said Lee. “They’ve already had their shake-down flights. They’ve been refueled, the X4’s are in and they’re ready for launch. The only thing FleetTech have requested is a flyby.”
Moller waggled his grey-flecked eyebrows. “Aye, Aye, Capt’n. I’m sure we can give them a good show.”
August groaned. “Please tell me they expressly forbid Shawn to join in?”
“I’m sure they know Shawn enough to have realized it wouldn’t have mattered even if they had,” said Dang.
“Anyone mind me shooting at them? I promise I’ll miss.”
 
“I’m afraid, my dear, that time is running out for me.”
Danica Prilission, sat closely by, like she seemed to do more often now, looked at him sadly.
“I think you might be right, Sir,” she replied softly.
Brams looked over at the portrait of Admiral Havalor, as if asking for help.
“We must speed up the Fists’ work. I’ve asked them to work individually on tasks now. They have accepted the increased risks, as I knew they would. They are nothing if not brave, the Edo.”
Danica nodded encouragingly. “Yes, Sir, they are. I think it’s a good idea. They were always an expendable - and free - resource.”
“No,” said Brams, suddenly angry. He stood up and walked stiffly over to the Admiral. “They are not expendable. Each of their three dead weigh heavily upon me. My actions have led to their deaths. How many more will die? And if I lose my position, or my life, what will have been the point?”
She moved to him and put her hand on his shoulder. “Then don’t lose, don’t die. Make their deaths meaningful.”
Riccard didn’t reply. He walked over to a drinks cabinet and poured himself a stiff measure of deep golden-brown Buderimian rum.
“Raichel Ison will be on a mission tomorrow. I am hoping that she uncovers evidence at the spaceport here in Disthasus. There have been some indications that supplies to the terrorists operating here have been shipped through the port, right before our eyes.”
Prilission tilted her head. “I’ve not been informed?”
Riccard looked around at her. “Sorry, I know. I’ve kept this one very secret to increase the chances of those involved still being there when Raichel gets there tomorrow. Any alert to her visit would have them all scamper away into the shadows like a startled Reen.”
“I understand, Riccard,” said Danica, conspiratorially. “Let’s hope for a successful outcome.”    	
He looked at Danica. “Yes, let’s hope.”
 
“Three is good, but not enough for my needs,” said Doyen Niettha, shrouded somehow in darkness despite the light in Weststar’s drawing room being quite sufficient.
Amos frowned. His needs? Niettha still hadn’t really explained why he was so obsessed with the destruction of the Edo sect.
“I would say that we’ve been lucky to terminate three, given the poor performances of your agents.”
“I’ll thank you for not slighting my people, Weststar,” warned Niettha.
“Thank me all you like, the facts remain. How many unsuccessful attempts have taken place now? I lose track. We are nearly out of time. Brams acts surer of my involvement. I may be arrested at any time.”
Niettha, waved a hand dismissively. “You need not concern yourself, Doyen Weststar. I would not permit that.”
Weststar, shook his head incredulously. This man was either crazy or had access to resources Weststar had no knowledge of. “Sorry, Niettha. I’ve not survived this long by not worrying about my neck. I have requested additional assistance for future assaults.”
Niettha grew angry. It took a lot to shake Weststar but there was something about Niettha that deeply unsettled him, especially when Niettha’s face darkened.
“What? Without my permission?”
“I wasn’t aware I needed your permission for anything, Doyen Niettha.” Even if the man scared him half to death he wasn’t about to let the Doyen see that.
Niettha seemed ready to, what, attack Weststar? But then, like a powered door flashing down from its recess he transformed back to the composed, assured Niettha. He seemed amused with Weststar, as if he’d just watched his pet Oorrtan perform some new and unexpected trick. Does he really think he’s that superior to me? Is he that deluded, a newcomer Doyen with grand illusions? Have I made a mistake allying with him?
“Forgive me, Amos. You are quite right. Your additional efforts to cull the Edo are most appreciated, and you are right too in that my agents haven’t been meeting with the success I would have hoped for.”
Weststar inclined his head, accepting the apology.      	
“Niettha, Brams closes in on us. We must act soon.”
“Oh, we will. In fact, I’m rather hoping to chop off the head of the snake, or in this case, the spear, tomorrow. I will provide you the details so that your forces can assist. With that achieved more Edo will flock to the Dominion.”
It was Weststar’s turn to boil. “More? Are you insane?”
Niettha’s eyes flashed but he remained composed.
“Remember, Doyen Weststar. Restoring you to the head of the Dominion is not my only goal. Not even if every living Edo were here would they be able to prevent Brams’ defeat that I promise you. They are merely a battalion of Astral users. I have an entire army of them.”
Weststar frowned, unable to maintain a good Ponteen face. What in the Emperor’s name was he talking about? An entire army of Astrals users? Either than man was utterly mad or he wasn’t who Weststar had though he was. He would have to find out just who he was dealing with. He took a small sip of his Deniroe Boff.
“I’m not entirely sure I follow.”
Niettha waved a hand dismissively. “Just know that Brams will fall and you will become Emperor. Is that not truly all you care for?”
Weststar had to admit that the man, crazy or not, had a point.
Chapter Eight
 
Amaeh Duranti took another sip from her blue milk. “I’m going to lose my Astrals sensitivity if I sit here doing nothing for much longer.”
Harper Ko half chuckled.
 “Seriously, though,” continued Amaeh, “we’ve been here for days. Tantsor is the back-end of nowhere. Why would the Skave come here?”
“Precisely because of that fact, Amaeh,” replied Joakim Falk, the great Edo Mushur slipping naturally into a professorial manner. “It has the facilities they need,” he said, gesturing around at the disheveled but otherwise fully functioning starport, “and it has a, shall we say, relaxed attitude to the less salubrious of visitors.”
“Like us,” joked Harper’s sister, Kaisa, her brown eyes twinkling in amusement.
“Like smugglers. Or Skave pretending to be smugglers.”
“What about Skave who actually are smugglers?” queried Harper, pretending to be serious.
Falk sighed. He’d have said ‘Kids!’ but the Kos were a decade or more too old for that. He was just about to play an Astral-powered prank on the pair when he felt a stirring. By the look on the Ko’s faces they felt it too. Amaeh was none the wiser, staring morosely at her almost finished drink.
“Duranti, I think the Astrals have answered your prayers,” said Falk quietly.
Duranti sat up, suddenly alert, instinctively sniffing with her highly developed canine sense of smell.
“Quickly, disappear from the Astral plane,” instructed Falk, himself working hard through the technique, imagining himself growing smaller and smaller. It wasn’t something he had performed many times, having only recently learnt the technique from Mushur Nordin during the flight to The Wilds.
The Edo tried to appear casual as the Skave group appeared at the far end of the central lounge area. The Skave, with bold, aloof gaits, passed them by with barely a glance, giving no indication of having noticed the Edo. Because he was hiding from the Astral plane Falk couldn’t Channel to probe them and pick up their surface emotions and reactions. It was a strange feeling indeed to be so detached from the Astral plane. It was like losing an arm or sight - completely taken for granted until it was gone and only then do you realize just how much you depended upon it. Mushur Falk knew he wasn’t the strongest Edo in the galaxy, and had spent most of the Zhur Thoggu war behind the scenes, using his non-combative talents for the good of the Edo sect. Even for him, being so disconnected from the Astrals was a deeply unsettling experience.
“Ko twins, follow them, at a distance,” whispered Falk, “Duranti and I will cover.”
Pretending to finish their drinks, Harper and Kaisa stood, stretched a bit and then almost comically nonchalant, like two disaffected teenagers, they shuffled away, a good gap between them and the Skave trio.
Falk groaned. If they survived this he was going to recommend to Val that they all received some training from Shadow squadron before carrying out any more of their amateur surveillance missions. He nodded to Amaeh and together, less conspicuous by far, they proceeded to follow the amateur dramatics siblings.
The Skave appeared to be returning to their vessel, heading towards the southerly positioned landing pads. The crowds diminished as they neared them, only people with their own private or chartered ships and the ground crew used these areas. The Kos had to drop a bit further back as the corridors became longer and sparsely populated, increasing the chances of being spotted by the Skave significantly.
The Skave finally entered a bay, number 121 noted Falk, ever a keen eye for detail, as he and Duranti met with the Ko’s as they waited a short distance away from the pedestrian entrance to the landing bay.
“We’re blind without our Channeling,” whispered Harper.
“Why are you whispering,” asked Falk, becoming exasperated with their melodrama. “These walls are a meter thick?”
“Sorry,” whispered Harper, “can’t help it.” A big grin cracked widely across his face. “More fun this way.”
The Mushur shook his head. “Whatever. We can’t risk Channeling, they may detect us. We’ll just have to slip in as quietly as we can.” He looked at Amaeh.
“You have the keenest senses of us all, so you will need to be our eyes and ears. Try to get in and out without being seen. If you do, call out through the Astrals and we’ll come in, eyes blazing.”
He watched as Amaeh’s resolve grew strong. She nodded, opened the door and moved forward, crouched low. Amaeh was immediately thrown backwards by a powerful flurry of plasma bolts, landing into a twisted, tattered shape on the concrete floor.
Three Astral melee weapons instantly burst into life. They had known we were here! How? Falk thought furiously. What had gone wrong? Were they hooked up into the spaceport security feed? The Kos had perfected subconscious Astrals-flashing of security cameras so he felt confident it wasn’t that. He allowed the Astrals to find him and it washed into him like a great, energizing tide. Cleaning him, rejuvenating his previously diminished self. His eyes blazed with a strong actinic blue.
Kaisa crouched down and put a hand near Duranti. “She’s alive, barely. We need to get her to medical services immediately.”	
“I think that’s going to be a bit of a problem,” said Harper Ko. “We have more company.”  
Mushur Falk reached out, feeling the disciplined, focus minds of a dozen men approach from behind, cutting off their exit. With the corridor being so wide and empty, to allow loading transports access to the berthed ships, it would be a killing ground if they remained in it.
“No choice now. Harper, get Duranti. Kaisa, I’ll open the door, you make your way in. We’ll be right behind you.”
Kaisa took up a combat stance and as soon as Joakim opened the access door she began batting back a storm of plasma bolts. She took steps forward, slowly but surely gaining entry into the bay. Falk followed, his blue Astral weapon – an ornate but effective mace-like implement - a blur as he too began fending off plasmas bolts.
Off to the left there was a good amount of transportation containers and equipment so Falk began to move towards that, with Harper carrying Duranti moving close behind him, using Falk as a shield.
Once the pair were safe for the time behind Falk took stock of the situation. At least half the bay was taken up with a large, battered old freighter. It looked suspiciously like the Late Payment, a ship from their list. One Skave was crouched down behind one of the ship’s landing struts, another was firing from within the ship, down through the open access ramp, and the third was off to the side, behind some containers. Each held a powerful heavy plasma rifle. Amaeh was lucky to be alive. Perhaps her tough hide has helped mitigate the damage some.
If the Skave were still alive by the time the other group arrived then they would be cut down by a withering cross-fire, with nowhere to hide. They had to kill the Skave, now. Falk thought back to Nordin’s speech at the start of all this, when he had said that this was a fight for survival. Using the normal Astral weapon-dependent Edo combat tactics would take too long since these were no doubt well-trained Skave Mogui, their equivalent of Edo Askari.
A terrible thought entered Joakim’s mind. It went against everything he stood for but he could think of nothing better, more effective, more like to help save their lives and get Amaeh the help she so badly needed.
Channeling to project his voice, he shouted a command the other Edo. “Channel your energy into me!”
He drew heavily and pushed against the containers that the third was taking cover behind. He felt the resistance from the containers reduce as the Ko twins flooded him with extra energy. Combined, their Astral powers were immense. It mattered not that the Ko siblings had almost no telekinetic abilities, since Joakim was simply channeling their flow of Astrals. He could use that flow however he wished. The containers accelerated so quickly that the Skave had no chance to move before being slammed against the far wall of the bay.
“Keep channelling,” yelled Falk. He pushed even harder until he heard a sickeningly wet cracking sound and felt the life drain from the crushed Skave. Falk looked over at Kaisa, knowing to expect and seeing the look of utter horror on her face. There was no time for remorse.
“Kaisa, watch out,” he called. She struggled to focus and Falk saw the Skave behind the strut take aim at her. Mushur Falk threw his mace on an intercept trajectory and just managed to block a murderous bolt from hitting Kaisa square in her face.    	
She jerked back to full consciousness and composed herself back into a combat stance, as Harper drew his laser pistol and began firing at the Skave behind the landing strut, causing the Skave to duck back into cover. Falk extended his hand and his Astral weapon was suddenly there. Concentrating, he altered its dimensions, narrowing it until it was as thin as a nanowire blade. He threw it again, this time spinning quickly towards the second Skave.
The Skave easily ducked out the way and Falk’s Astral weapon soared past before Falk brought it around and in again for a second, whirling attack. Coming in low the Skave casually leapt high above it, nothing more than a mere inconvenience.
“Harper, be ready,” shouted Falk as he Channeled his Astral weapon back into his grasp. With a tremendous drain on his reserves, the Mushur Channeled his power into a massive tug on the ship’s landing strut. With an ear-splitting screech of metal upon metal a long section of the strut, having been sliced cleanly high and low, fell away, exposing the surprised Skave momentarily. A barrage of laser bolts hit the Mogui and the already dead Skave ragdolled to the ground. The ship began to list over towards the side where the landing strut no longer supported its bulk.
“Two down, one to go,” called a clearly excited Harper Ko.
The boarding ramp to the ship started to rise. Kaisa ran towards it but had to slow as laser fire came from within the ship from the last remaining Skave. Harper fired into the diminishing gap but to no effect. Falk grimaced as he felt the Skave move inside the ship, obviously towards the cockpit.
He also sensed the second group arranging themselves outside the entrance to the bay. Out of time. And out of options. There were twelve in the second group and though not favored by the Astrals they were clearly very well trained. Again, traditional Edo techniques weren’t going to be good enough to ensure that Duranti received aid soon.
Feeling a deep sense of regret, tinged with a steely resolve, Falk expanded his awareness, enhancing its sensitivity through Edo techniques he had learned during his extensive study. He swept his vision out into the corridor and sensed the Ballavendi. He felt their armor, their minds, their weapons. He examined one mercenary after the next until he found what he needed. Drawing deeply again on the Astrals he manipulated the object, causing it to arm. Then, another Astrals manipulation was required, this time clouding their minds so that they couldn’t hear the rising sound emanating from the device. He sensed no alarm from any of them.
He looked over at the other Edo, feeling more regret and sadness than he could ever remember before. He was vaguely aware of the freighter lifting off and away.
“I would duck,” he advised.    	
The high-yield hand grenade exploded, snatching away the lives of all the men in the corridor in an instant. The landing bay shook violently and the door to the bay was blown inwards off its hinges. It missed the Edo and as it finally clattered to a stop the Edo kept staring at it, unable to look each other in the face.
“Let’s discuss this later,” said Edo Mushur Falk. “Right now we need to get Amaeh some help.”
 
Syrene Frost had insisted on providing a small fleet of Grazan Battle Dragons to escort Sord Okarachebe to Himdel. Though Sord didn’t really think he would be in danger one did not say no to the Queen. Even a Carrion Mite could figure out that the Queen was less worried about Sord’s safety and more interested in showing support for the Edo.
Sord’s tail swished in pleasure as the fleet emerged from hyperspace into Himdel space. It would have been some spectacle they put on for the Himdeli people - Grazan battle cruisers appearing anywhere within the Commonwealth was a very rare occurrence indeed.
Sord himself was in a Recon Nebula fighter - there was no reason not to be prudent, even if you were the acting Grand Mushur of the Edo sect. The Recon was almost impossible to detect when in active stealth mode, but currently the ship’s transponder was broadcasting his ID and so he was easily traceable.
As the busiest system in the entire galaxy, Himdel never failed to provide its own spectacle. Thousands of ships of a seemingly infinite variety of shapes and sizes navigated to and from the planet at all times, managed by burgeoning Flight control stations based both on the planet and on the immense Yaffen-ring D space defense stations.
As the small armada moved into orbit, Sord could see clearly from space the damage wrought by Hastuthu and the Skave. Cataclysmic tectonic movements triggered by Hastuthu, the Deep Astral being, during the final period of her reign on Himdel had caused untold death and destruction, and the great chasms in the crust of the planet were still being repaired.
Of course, the planet-spanning mega city, with its ring of orbiting habitats that themselves were home to several billion sentients, would recover. As the economic and administrative center of the Commonwealth millions of sentients made their way to Himdel on a daily basis, hoping to achieve wealth, fame or excitement in one form or another. Despite the sheer scale and nature of the damage caused by the Zhur Thoggu, it was now only visible at the lower levels, where Zhur Thoggu AI’s and hunter-killer robots still survived. Hastuthu’s mark upon the world would eventually fully heal and the planet would go on, with possibly the only lingering consequence of the terrible time being the animosity now felt for the Edo.
Sord regretted not having had chance to speak to Raichel Ison. Some stirrings he had felt in the Astrals had given him some cause for concern but a good pack leader always allowed their hunters to finish the kill, and Raichel was a very good hunter. A pang of guilt ran through him as he thought of Raif Ko and Nate Shepherd. Perhaps he should have informed Raichel about them. It was too late now to do much about it. His part was done, for better or for worse.
Sord was provided landing coordinates, ones he knew well, and a flight path to follow. The planetary shield was opened in a small sector for a short time and the Lifzan slipped nimbly through, leaving his escort flotilla waiting behind for his return. His Nebula fighter’s hull temperature reading shot up as it entered the upper atmosphere, caused by friction as the ship rudely pushed increasingly dense air aside. It was mandated that ships fly on autopilot during descents, as the only guaranteed way to keep the ships in their necessarily tight flight plan - with so many vessels coming and going the distances separating them could sometimes be measured in just a few ship lengths. Sord eschewed the autopilot, having far more trust in his own prodigious flying skills, and the Astrals themselves.
Soon he flew above the sky-piercing towers of Himdel towards the huge, oval-shaped Commonwealth Headquarters building. There he would be addressing the entire Assembly in the Greater Commonwealth Chamber - an enormous cavern-like room where members of the Assembly floated in repulsor stations so that one could move quickly to the center of the chamber to address the Assembly.
In the distance he saw the Edo Temple, its three-spiked structure so different from most other buildings, where vast, interlinked towers were the norm. He thought back to the war with Hastuthu and the Skave, how the Edo had defended world, suffered many losses. It had been terrible. Vast resources and millions of lives had been flung in desperation against the seemingly all-powerful Deep Astral being.
Soon enough he had landed and the Assembly’s own small spaceport and had been escorted through to the chamber. Half of the stations were already floating, with Representatives and their aides busy zipping through the chamber to meet with other Representatives. Okarachebe knew exactly what they were discussing. As he waited to be given his own repulsor station, Olsen Carver, the Commonwealth’s Premier, came over to see him. Guilt and sorrow washed from him in waves, mirroring his feelings over Nigel Glasson. Again, he knew why he felt so.
The remaining members of the Edo Conclave had begged him not to leave Sobal Gailian, protesting that it was obvious to all that the hearing would be a sham, a public propaganda spectacle that would show the angry Himdeli that they were doing something about the Edo menace. Sord had agreed with them but insisted on going, regardless. Mushur Nenotuul, the fearsome Entilean, and newest council member (other than Raichel Ison) had grown angry. Danze and Lani Carmenco had shown great respect for Sord by merely nodding and holding in their emotions. Hallowwyrn, the Maladorni healer had nearly broken Sord’s resolve. So sad she had been as she bid Sord goodbye and wished that the Astrals be with Sord. It was as if Hallowwyrn had felt Sord was already lost.
“Thank you for agreeing to be here,” said Carver, “though I wish that you hadn’t come.”
Sord chuffed. “I bring back too many bad memories?” Carver blinked, seeming to recall his time under Hastuthu’s control.
“No, it’s not that at all, Grand Mushur. I have no control over what the Assembly decides today, and I fear the worst.”
Sord placed one of his huge paw-like hands on his shoulder. “Do not blame yourself, my friend. We both know that the Edo did our best to protect the Commonwealth, and that we would do it all again regardless of how the Commonwealth now feels about the Edo.”
Carver looked down, embarrassed. “I am so sorry Mushur Okarachebe. They should be building statues of you, not putting you on trial.”
“Have faith in the Astrals, Olsen.”
His station arrived and he stepped into it, his great bulk making it dip until it boosted its repulsor coil output. Then, it slowly moved him to the center of the great chamber, and he waited patiently until the Assembly was fully assembled, with most of the one thousand repulsor stations in use. It was quite a spectacle and Sord took solace in knowing that these people were able to gather here in no small part thanks to the Edo sect.
It was, as the Edo Conclave had predicted, a show. One Representative after another moved centrally, explained to the Commonwealth Assembly what damage the Edo had caused to their sector and then demanded action. Such was the level of animosity within the chamber that Sord had to close off his senses to the Astrals. He stood in her station as regally as he could, never looking sorry for herself or the Edo.
Finally, Martilda Cutmaster, the bone-thin, scarred Himdel Chief Representative moved to the center.
“I have no need to explain what affects the Edo have had on Himdel. You all saw the damage with your own eyes on your journey here. These spice smugglers have caused the deaths of millions and costs us incalculably. And they think they are above the law just because they can use the Astrals. We are here today to tell them no.”
She turned to Sord Okarachebe. “You are mortal, just like the rest of us. Just because you are a member of the Edo sect does not mean you should be able to do as you please, to cause the deaths of innocents and then, when you are finished playing, scuttle off back to your so-called temple.”
Sord didn’t reply, there was no question to answer. He just raised his head slightly and stared down his snout at the woman.
“I propose that Mushur Okarachebe be arrested on the grounds of perpetrating and orchestrating the deaths of millions through his illegal band of Edo followers. I also propose that we do not keep the people waiting and begin his trial in a week, and that if found guilty then the sentence must be death.”
She spun to encompass the entire chamber. “The people demand justice!”
The Representatives and their aides erupted with cheers, the automatic sound-cancellation systems triggering to avoid a deafening cacophony. Sord looked at the Premier. He stared into the distance, fingers stroking his luxuriant moustache.
So it begins, thought Sord. Part of him, the part wracked with guilt, welcomed the trial. The part of him that wanted to be punished. So many had died because of his actions. Their deaths did indeed deserve justice. If his death saved the rest of the Edo then he would gladly give her life. The rest of him knew that despite the lives lost, and the damage caused, his actions had saved many, many people. Without the Edo, the Commonwealth would be no more, with Hastuthu and the Skave now ruling. Billions, maybe trillions would already be dead or worse. A trial may finally help to prove the Edo’s beneficial role in the war without the Skave influencing matters. And if not, well, at least he tried.
The vote for the arrest of the Grand Mushur was passed with a majority vote and when Sord’s repulsor station came down to rest a platoon of heavily armed guards were waiting to take him into custody. They shackled him with heavy cuffs and led him away.
Chapter Nine
 
Edo Mushur Raichel Ison moved with feline grace as she walked behind the spaceport official. An aging man, but still in trim shape, he led her quickly through the myriad sections of the pristine Disthasus space facility. He prattled on, nervousness causing him to talk unendingly.
The tour had lasted an hour so far. An hour waiting for an attack that was yet to come had started to play on her nerves and she had called upon an Edo calming technique. An hour of expanding her awareness out around her was also starting to tire her. She drew more deeply on the Astrals, feeling it rejuvenate her, knowing that she would pay for its use later.
She had to be ready, who knew what forces would attack her, if any. Maybe they were just going to blow up the entire spaceport. That thought alarmed her, and she expanded her awareness out even further, covering the twenty square kilometer area of the port. Perhaps her senses were too thinly distributed but she sensed nothing of concern.
The official, what was his name again, continued his gibbering nonsense, leading her through to a busy passenger baggage sorting facility. She watched as robots and humans worked quickly to load and unload the various boxes and cases onto wide repulsor-powered conveyor belts, rising and lowering to move the items from one belt to another.
Something felt wrong. She reduced her senses back down to encompass just this area and began probing each individual in the room. Some of the men were wary of her and the official, others so consumed with their work they hadn’t even noticed her, and others were strangely unemotional, like they were robots themselves. And then she probed at a rather tall man, hunched over to reach down to the baggage on a low conveyor belt. She got no reading at all from him. It took her a moment, since it had been a few years since she last experienced this total absence of the Astral plane in a person. She almost gasped, barely keeping herself in check. The man was a robot – a Zhur Thoggu!
There could be no reason for him to be there other than to attack her. She had to assume his complicity in the attempts to overthrow Brams. The attack had to be imminent. Having already lost three Edo, she hesitated momentarily before sending out an Astral message, its emphasis firmly based on needing help quickly.
With knowledge that the Fists were Edo now being public, she had no need to hide her Astral weapon so she quickly summoned it. The blue ethereal blade thrummed with energy as she moved into an en-garde stance.
All the workers, and the stunned official, turned to look at her, stared at her blade.
“You,” she called, looking at the Zhur Thoggu. “Slowly, raise your hands.”
It merely smiled, showing a huge set of intimidating metallic teeth. Three of the workers drew projectile pistols and began to fire at her. She blocked their shots easily enough but with so many innocents in the area she had to concentrate hard on ensuring the reflected rounds didn’t hit any them. She saw the Zhur Thoggu reach into its clothing and begin to move around, to try and get behind her.
She shouted at the cowering official, “Raise the alarm!” She kicked out at him, pushing the man off balance, forcing him to move. He fled and Raichel moved to cover his retreat.
“No one needs to die today,” said Raichel called. The Zhur Thoggu was still angling around her so she moved backwards and to the side to prevent it. It stopped and snarled at her.
“No, Edo,” it growled, voice thick with hate. “You need to die.” It had been hiding a nanite blade. In its other hand it held something small, a drone maybe?
Four on one, and one of them a Zhur Thoggu hunter-killer. She didn’t like those odds one bit. The nanite blade was resistant to her Astral weapon, reforming itself instantly after every block, and was sharper, more lethal than a powered nanowire blade. And people thought Astral weapons were dangerous. It was some relief that the machine was not wearing their Ulorbana nanite steel armor, which provided good protection against Astral weapons. If she could get in close it would be easy to kill. If. The baggage area was littered with containers, conveyor belts and workers trying to hide.
One of the three shooters shot at a worker, causing a terrible wound to the worker’s shoulder. The man screamed and collapsed. The shooter smiled and raised his eyebrows, taunting Raichel. She responded by directing a reflected bullet at him. He barely ducked out of the way, and scowled back at her. He started to line up another worker. As he fired Raichel focused and Channeled, pushing his weapon, causing him to miss. Unfortunately this meant she had for a moment had to shift concentration away from the Zhur Thoggu who had thrown its drone at Raichel. She dived out of the way but the flying miniature robot, a mash-up of twisting blades, clipped her right upper arm, slashing straight through her thick Fist’s armored uniform and into her arm. It swooped away and began its return flight.
Raichel, covered temporarily from bullets by a pallet of baggage, waited. The drone dived low and then came at her, angling up, intending to gouge out her throat. At the last moment her Astral blade moved in a Channel-augmented blur and cut the drone cleanly in half. Its momentum meant it continued towards her, gravity pulling it down so that its pieces bounced off her chest, damaging her jacket but thankfully not penetrating. She again Channeled, using a pain-reducing technique to shunt away the pain from the cut and was pleased that her arm still operated, though she would need to staunch the wound soon.
Raichel stood and the Zhur Thoggu machine immediately noticed her wound. It smiled victoriously as the shooters began to fire at her again.
Raichel smiled back, feeling the presence of her backup team nearing. She looked forward to wiping that smug look off his face.
“Last chance, surrender and no one else needs to be injured.” She had to try. The warrior responding by delving into his clothing for something else. No way, thought Raichel, not another drone, not today.
She pulled Astral energy into her muscles and sprinted across the room towards the tall, shrouded warrior-machine. With great relief she felt more than saw the remaining Edo flooding into the baggage area. Jake Bulver and Kaliko Savina were becoming so close that they almost moved in complete synchronicity. Calista Flores and Gil moved in to flank the shooters from the opposite side of Jake and Kaliko, whilst Wren Furlan and Elenore Frost moved to assist Raichel.
“I was beginning to think you’d all gone for some coffee,” she called as she reached the Zhur Thoggu. It roared a fierce battle-cry and swung at her, its nanite blade capable of cutting her cleanly in half. She blocked it, sparks flying from her ghostly blade and used the rebound from the impact to help her spin around, aiming a high sweep at the hunter-killer’s head. It ducked and rolled backwards, quickly rising up to its full height.
“We had,” said Elenore, jokingly. “I was just about to beat Wren at Ponteen. You owe me one hundred credits.”
The three shooters had backed up to each other for defense and were laying down an impressive amount of fire. But with the Astrals on their side, Jake, Kaliko, Calista Flores and Gil were quickly surrounding them.
The Zhur Thoggu hunter-killer moved so that its rear was covered by machinery and raised its nanite blade high, warbling another ear-splitting shout, designed to intimidate. Allan and Wren joined Raichel.
“Remember,” Raichel shouted again, her voice boosted. “We need them alive.”
Dark emotions streamed out from Calista Flores, her daunting form advancing upon the shooters as her mighty double-handed Astral broadsword blocked shot after shot. “No, we only need one of them to live.”
She sent a bullet directly back against one of them. It slapped into him, sending him spinning to the floor. She quickly followed that up with an Astral-push to send the second stumbling and then immediately tucked into a forward roll, coming out of it into a low stance. She swept her broadsword in a clean arc, catching the third through his hips.
Raichel grimaced as she felt the man’s searing pain before he slipped into unconsciousness and death. Flores was already advancing on the man she had sent stumbling.
“Flores!” she yelled but the Zhur Thoggu warrior used her distraction to its advantage and came in at her, lunging with its nanite blade, aiming to pierce her chest. It was Elenore’s spinning Astral weapon that saved her, slicing cleanly through the warrior’s forearm and separating it and the nanite blade from the machine. Sparks and fluids flew from the stump of its arm.
It did not stop its attack, however. It sprang into Raichel and they went down in a tangle. Raichel had to let her blade dissipate as she fought to keep the Zhur Thoggu from clawing and biting her face and neck. It was incredibly strong, and despite only having one arm it was winning. It bit into her right cheek as she pushed at him. Its hand somehow managed to grasp her neck and its nails extended, puncturing through skin and muscle. It lifted his head as it smiled down in triumph, its face smeared in Raichel’s blood.
The warrior’s face turned to surprise, looking down to see just the tip of an Astral weapon protruding out of his chest. The blade moved to the side, cutting swiftly through its torso. The Zhur Thoggu deactivated and collapsed onto Raichel.
“You did realize,” said Raichel, “that I was right underneath him?”
“Sure, Mushur,” Elenore laughed, “I was careful.”
“Hmm.” 
By the time she was able to get the Zhur Thoggu off her, with the help of Wren Furlan and Elenore, the battle was over. Flores was standing over the last remaining marksman, the tip of her sword close to his head, enveloping him in blue. . He stared defiantly back up at her. Though still shining blue, Raichel could see that Calista’s eyes had a tinge of red to them.
Raichel looked for and found the other shooter. He’d been decapitated. Gil, Jake and Kaliko stood back from Calista, looking like they wished they were anywhere but here.
“Is Calista okay?” asked Elenore.        	
Raichel could feel Calista’s emotions being slowly brought under control, but she didn’t think that Flores was back from the Deep yet.
“No, but she will be.” She looked around. “We must all help her. We have all lost our way along our paths. Mushur Flores will find her way back.”
Flores whirled around to look at Raichel. “At the moment I’m not sure I want to. These people must pay, Mushur Ison.”
Raichel approached Flores and touched her arm. Their blazing eyes met each other’s. “They will. I promise.”
 
Edo Mushur Danze Carmenco slowly closed and then reopened his eyelids, digesting the information Olsen Carver had just given him.
He seems to be taking it better than I thought he would, thought Olsen.
“We expected this, Premier Carver, though we hoped reason would see the day.”         	
“I’m sorry. There was nothing I could do.”
“I know, we all thank you for everything that you have done for us and continue to do. What happens now?”
Carver looked away from Carmenco’s holographic head for a moment. “The trial begins in a week. Tomasa Iwu has offered to defend Mushur Okarachebe, I took the liberty of accepting. I hope that was correct?”
Danze nodded, “Of course, our thanks. Tomasa is a true friend of the Edo and an accomplished lawyer. He will do what he can.”
Olsen noted the words the Edo had used. “You don’t sound particularly hopeful.”
Carmenco chuckled softly. “Are you?”
Carver tried but couldn’t look the Edo Mushur in the eyes. “No, I’m not. It would take a miracle to save your leader.”
“Or the Astrals, Premier. Or the Astrals.”
 
Deep within the Imperial Headquarters, in one of its detention facilities, Raichel Ison and Riccard Brams watched as one of the Imperial’s finest interrogators worked upon the captured attacker.
“He resists,” commented Brams, frowning.
“As we expected,” replied Raichel. “Working for the Skave or the Imperial forces aligned against you must be a good motivator. I can’t imagine things would go well for him if they learned of his betrayal.”
“Can’t you just mind-delve him? Pull the information we need straight out of his head?”
Raichel shook her head. “No. That is of the Deep. Doing so would cause irreparable damage to his mind.”
Brams flared with anger. “We need that information, Raichel. Either you obtain it or I will instruct the interrogator to use more effective measures.”
Raichel shook her head. “No, Brams, you won’t. I won’t even need to stop you. You are better than that. Havalor was better than that. Give them more time. He will break him eventually.”
Brams screwed his face up briefly. “I’m not the man you think I am Raichel.”
“What does that mean,” she asked, suddenly focused on him.
“Nothing. It means that I am not above doing whatever I need to in order to save the Dominion.”
She looked at Brams with worry. “I hope not, Riccard.
“I’m sorry to disappoint but there are billions of people in the Dominion that deserve better. I will see to it that they get what they deserve.”
Raichel stared at Riccard for a short while. “I’m a big believer in that everyone ultimately gets what they deserve.”
Brams swallowed and looked away, towards the man who had information he so desperately needed. Raichel was right. He did have his limits, but she didn’t know that the deaths of her Edo fell within them. Even though he felt pretty sure that he knew who the mole was, he knew Raichel would find out sooner or later how he had used them as pawns and that thought made him very sad. Very sad, indeed.
 
“That vile machine disrupted the entire operation,” said Doyen Niettha, his partially shadowed face showing a glimpse of the angry boiling within. “Your vile machine.”
Weststar resisted but his throat rebelled and swallowed. He cursed it, knowing that his bobbing throat would reveal his nerves. Strange how even though he always visits me here at home I always feel like it’s me visiting him, he thought. How does he do it? Weststar took a small sip of his liqueur.
“Is that so? Our spy said that the ‘vile machine, as you put it, was the only one who managed to even at least injure Ison.”
Niettha almost snarled. “Had it - “
“And,” Weststar said, talking over Niettha, “I might add that it didn’t allow itself to get captured alive.”
Doyen Niettha sat very still. Weststar’s mouth suddenly felt very dry.
“Make that the last time you interrupt me, Doyen Weststar,” whispered Niettha, so softly that Weststar had to strain to hear him, even in the quietness of his drawing room. “Or it will be the last time you ever interrupt someone. Is that clear?”
Weststar knew he should laugh and dismiss his comment, show bravado worthy of his position and power. Instead he felt afraid. More afraid perhaps of the man sat so still and so silent as to be a statue than any man before in his life.
“I’m sorry, Doyen Niettha,” he stammered, “I will not let that happen again.”
The shadowy figure smiled menacingly. “I know you won’t, Amos. Tell me, what is being done to silence the captive.”
“He is being held inside a detention facility within the Imperial Stronghold where he is being interrogated. There are three times the usual numbers of guards and shock troopers defending the facility and very few people are being allowed access to him.”
“That did not answer my question,” said Niettha, displeased again.
“I’m sorry,” blurted Weststar. “I mean to say that we are working to get an agent onto the security detail. We can’t shoot our way in so that seems to be our only option.”
“Really? How long will it take to get an agent in?”
Weststar hesitated. “It could be weeks.”
“That will not do, Amos. With every passing minute the chances of him breaking increases. Yes, he does not know that much but what he does know is enough to implicate me and that really isn’t acceptable.”
Niettha stood, somehow still in shadow. “I hold you responsible. Find a way to gain access for either of us. If you don’t, I will have to deal with it myself, and you really won’t like the consequences of that. For you, or the Dominion.”
Chapter Ten
 
“Here he comes,” whispered Kaliko Savina, eyes closed. Jake glanced over at her. Again in their usefully-dark Fists of the Dominion outfits, her blond hair was tied up under a black cap. It showed how fine her features were that even the severity of how her hair was drawn back made no difference to her beauty. The three long scars on her forehead could not detract from it. Strange how he had not really noticed until recently, or appreciated Kaliko for the beautiful yet incredibly capable woman she was.
Kaliko opened one of her eyes and peered over at him. She teased him. “Are you watching the house or me, Jake?”
He looked away and blushed slightly. “Sorry, I thought there was something on your face.” She didn’t reply, just smiled slightly.
The main doors to Doyen Weststar’s home opened and the dark man appeared. Again, alone, and again his black repulsor car approached.
“Get ready, Jake,” said Kaliko.
“I got this,” he said, confidently aiming his strangely weak-looking rifle at the vehicle. He waited until the man was just entering it and then fired. The weapon made almost no appreciable sound.
Kaliko pulled out a device, twisted a knob. The vehicle rose up and speed off. “Looks like we have a confirmed signal. Good shot,” she said, smiling at Jake. He smiled back, a bit lost in the moment.
“Shall we go, then,” she said after a moment, an eyebrow raised.
“Uh, sure,” said Jake, blushing a bit more.
They sprinted with Channel-boosted speed back to their repulsor car and jumped in, Jake launching the vehicle before they were fully seated.
“Stay within tracking distance but far enough back so that he doesn’t see us,” said Kaliko. “Let’s find out where this man lives. The more I sense him, the less I like him.”
Jake glanced over and winked. “Uh oh. I’ve seen what happens to people you don’t like. This guy has had it.”
 
“Thank you for allowing me to use your comms projector unit, Riccard,” said Raichel, hugging Brams briefly.
“Of course, my dear, any time. I am in your debt,” replied Brams, reaching to touch her arm, clad in linwort bandages. More than you know, he thought. “Go on through, it is a secure unit. You may speak freely.”
Raichel smiled her thanks and walked through to a separate room containing just the comms projector unit itself and a comfortable chair. She seated herself, keyed in the details Val had given her and waited for him to connect from his end.
While she waited she considered how her mission had gone so far. The deaths of Malene Zhao, Sys Bramion, and Elen Ney weighed heavily upon her. Their bodies had been sent back to their respective homes so that their families could carry out their customs, whatever they might be. Malene Zhao was heading back to Vynter, to the Withering Wilds clan. Bramion back to Egerice, and Elen to Velad. It had shamed Raichel to discover that she hadn’t known where either Sys Bramion or Elen Ney had been born, and though she knew of Malene Zhao’s heritage, so did everyone else. Admittedly, Raichel and the rest of the Edo had had little time to get to know each other better but was that really just an excuse? Why had she spent so little time with them?
What made her feel even worse was that so far they had not achieved much, and she feared that their lives had been sacrificed in vain. With the captured agent this would hopefully change soon, and they knew that the two Doyens Weststar and Niettha were meeting regularly, but they were still a long way, or so it seemed, from helping Brams win his cold war.
She longed to be back with Jase. To feel his arms holding her, to rest her head against his chest. To discuss having children with him. It seemed like every time they had a chance to truly settle down and be husband and wife something tore one or both away. As a child she had harbored considerable resentment towards her parents for being away so often, but now, realizing how difficult it was being a Blake, she was amazed that they’d had chance to have her or her brother.
Her brother. The thought slammed into her. Memories and emotions burst forth like an erupting Vynterian volcano. Tears welled in her eyes. She fought briefly but gave in, tears flowed down her face, over the linwort pad still attached to her cheek.
She had not thought of her brother in a long time. Tyler, who had fallen to the Deep, becoming the Skave Overlord Kraiden, before finally being defeated in a battle that involved more than a dozen Edo. She had been one of them.
A great, wracking sob shook her. At the end, just before Michael Silverdell finally ended Kraiden’s reign of terror, he had returned to being Tyler Blake, Edo Askari, and had sought forgiveness. Though she knew logically that he had only given up on the Deep when he knew he had been defeated, emotionally she felt that she been complicit in the murder of her brother, not Overlord Kraiden.
Her feelings would have been much less complicated had Tyler not fallen and had she not been involved in his death. Tyler becoming Overlord Kraiden confused everything. She could not pity him, was glad that she had helped end Kraiden’s reign, but at the same time she missed her brother terribly. She could perfectly recall his last moments as if they were just a heartbeat ago. Raichel didn’t think she would ever come to terms with what she had done, as necessary as it had been, and so she pushed it away with all her might.
Light sprang from the Comms projector unit and Edo Mushur Val Nordin’s upper torso and face materialized above it. Raichel quickly wiped her face and ran through a fast Edo calming technique.
“Raichel… have I caught you at a bad time?” He looked concerned. Raichel knew that Nordin had always had a soft spot for her, ever since she’d almost become his Neophyte. She shivered at the thought. With Nordin’s on-off dalliance with the Deep, would she have also fallen as Tyler did, becoming the second Blake to gain a Skave Lord name? Tyler had lacked her military experience. Would she have been able to accomplish what he could not? She pushed away the notion, revolted at herself for having thought it.
“No, I’m fine,” she replied, forcing herself to become serene. I am an Edo Mushur, she thought to herself. I have faith in the Astrals.
Nordin said nothing, clearly not convinced.
“How goes the hunt for the Skave base?”
“Badly,” he said, “hence the call. I have learned of the Skave that you have captured. I must be allowed to speak with him. I will obtain the information that we both so badly need.”
Raichel understood the implication, and grew cross. “And how, exactly, Mushur Nordin, would you achieve what we have not yet been able to?”
“I have my ways, Raichel,” he said, ignoring her formality.
Raichel shook her head. “No, Val. I will not be complicit in your Deep activities.”
Nordin exploded. “What? How dare you!”
“Don’t give me that Val. You know as well as I do how you are prepared to use Deep techniques to get what you want. I will not help you fall to the Deep.” She looked hard at him, and then quietly added, “Remember Nanidu.”
Nordin’s nostrils flared and his lips pressed together until they were nothing but thin lines. Even through the comms projector she could sense his anger. He fought to control himself, which, Raichel, admitted, was better than the old Val, who would have sprang into a blind rage.
“Will you allow me to see the captive or not?”
“I am sorry, Val, but no. I lead this mission, which, you’ll remember, you asked to be no part of. Your presence within the Dominion would be incendiary if it ever became public knowledge. I cannot allow it.”
“Raichel…”
“No, Val. Look, I promise to let you know as soon as we get anything from him. But we do this my way.”
For a long while Nordin didn’t reply, just stared at her, almost through her. Raichel wondered if it would be too rude to just switch off the projector.
“Very well,” he eventually said. “Have it your way. If we lose, if many die because we didn’t act quickly enough, or emphatically enough, then remember that it was all your fault. Tyler, Malene and the Neophytes’ blood that is on your hands will have just been the trickle before the flood.”
“I’ll remember,” she growled.
 
Kaliko frowned. She traced back the route Niettha’s repulsor car had taken since leaving Weststar’s mansion.
“Jake, I think we have a problem.”
He looked over at her. The traffic at this time of night was light, so Jake was having no problems following Niettha. “How so?”
“I think someone’s taking us for a pair of Grunch. I’ve just checked the route he’s taken and it’s not the way you would go to get anywhere. I think he knows he’s being followed.”
“Skavespit. How? We’ve been careful, stayed out of visual range and taken different streets. Maybe he’s paranoid and always takes a convoluted route?”
“No,” said Kaliko slowly, thinking hard. “Stop the hover.”
“But what if he goes out of signal range?”
“Trust me,” she said. “I have a strange feeling that won’t happen.”
Jake brought the hover to a slow stop and Kaliko concentrated hard on her scanning device.
“Well, just call me Admiral Karadon,” she gloated, showing Jake that the tracking signal had ceased its own movement.
“Huh,” said a nonplussed Jake. “How? Surely we’d have felt anyone following us?”
“You’re right, we would. I think there’s more to this Doyen than we previously thought. Take us in, Jake.”
Jake quickly drove them towards the signal, which now remained stationary, and as they drew into its deserted street they saw that the black repulsor car was hovering by the side of the road, door open. They threw a concerned glance at each other. Jake parked up, a short distance away.
“I don’t sense anyone inside,” said Jake as they cautiously approached.
“Me either,” replied Kaliko. “What’s that?” she said, pointing at something on the road, just before the door to the vehicle.
“A datapad, I’ll get it, you hang back.”
Kaliko Savina laughed. “No Jake, I’m not some helpless woman who needs protecting.”
Jake stopped and looked at her, eyes comically wide. “Trust me, I would never ever think that about you. I just reasoned that if it’s a trap and there’s a bomb then at least one of us would survive to report back to Raichel.”
“Oh,” she said. She kicked at an imaginary scrap on the road, an embarrassed distraction. “Good idea. Go on then. Be careful. I wouldn’t like to have to scrape you up off the ground.”
“Your concern is touching,” he laughed. Then, he grew serious, and Channeled, a sense-heightening technique. Nothing seemed untoward. His danger-sense was silent. Shrugging slightly, he walked over and picked up the pad. He read the short message, checked out the empty inside of the black vehicle and then walked back to Kaliko. He passed over the datapad and she read it.
“Edo. Cease. This is your only warning. Charming, isn’t he?”
“About as charming as an Urtwarchan sucking on a citrus fruit. How did he know we were following him, and how did he know that we are Edo?”
“I have a growing suspicion, and if I’m right then things are much worse than we thought. We need to get back to Raichel as quickly as we can.”
“Race?” said Jake, waggling his fingers at both repulsor cars.
Kaliko smiled broadly. “Race.”
 
Weststar sat waiting at his personal comms projector unit, deep inside his mansion. Another crystal glass of Deniroe Boff sat forgotten next to the unit.
The last meeting with Doyen Niettha had left him unsettled, and worried. Amos was not sure how much longer he could work with the man, who was becoming increasingly threatening towards him. He needed to bring the situation back under his control and to his mind he could only think of two options available to him.
The first was why he was now waiting for Riccard Brams to answer his comms projector call. Even though the man had played straight into his hands by bringing in the Edo as Niettha was so sure he would, he was still not to be trifled with. Brams had come to power after the Emperor, on his death-bed, had proclaimed Brams as the new Emperor. Brams had risked the wrath of the Emperor by agreeing only if he took the title of High Doyen, rather Emperor. Since then he had worked on his plans to make the Dominion a republic, must to the horror of the Doyen council. Despite not being Emperor, the High Doyen could act unilaterally, without any necessary permission from the Doyen Council. Which meant, of course, that should Brams decide to be done with him, or with anyone, he could just simply click his fingers. The stunning of Doyen Urnit was a clear example of this.
Support for Brams was waning quickly; many of his most loyal supporters from his Admiralty days had flocked to Weststar’s side and had even helped coordinate the ‘terrorist’ attacks. It was only time before Weststar had enough support to guarantee a successful coup. Unfortunately, time was something that seemed to be slipping away from him, like sand through his fingers. So, here he was, and action was required, one way or another.
He sat, and waited, and thought.
Finally, after a long enough delay to ensure that Weststar knew he had been purposefully kept waiting, Riccard Brams’ face formed before him, the blue-white light giving Brams a deathly pallor. A look I rather hope to impose upon him shortly, thought Amos.
The two opponents stared at each other. Brams raised a single eyebrow, enough to demand that Amos respond.
“High Doyen, thank you for accepting my call. I appreciate how busy you must be what with coordinating your pet Edo and fending off all these foul terrorists.”
The only tell-tale sign that signaled Brams’ anger was a slow blink and some creasing around his eyes. Only by destabilizing Brams could he hope to gain what he needed.
“Indeed, I am, and that doesn’t even include all the effort I’m putting in to deal with all the traitors in our midst.”
Weststar had expected a comeback along those lines so he was unfazed.
“Yes, I wish you every success with that. In fact, your success in apprehending one of your would-be assassinators is why I am contacting you.”
Brams smiled, knowingly. “Really? That does surprise me.”
One way or another, Brams, thought Weststar, I am going to wipe that smile off your face. Permanently.
“Oh? Apologies. Several Doyens and I spoke and it was, ah, decided that we would like to be granted access to the prisoner.”
“Why?”
“We are outraged at these attacks upon our leader, upon the Dominion. We want to show our support. We feel that, should this man feel the weight of our position, that he may be more amenable to working with us.”
“More so than mine, Doyen Weststar?” questioned Brams, the quietness of his voice betraying his anger. Good, good. Get angry, you filthy Wanchin.
“Of course not, my Lord. Merely in addition to your efforts.”
“I do not like the term, Lord, Doyen Weststar.”
“Sorry, High Doyen Brams, of course.” Weststar couldn’t help but smile. Yes, you are no Lord. “We merely wish to assist in any way possible.”
Brams pondered for a moment, then shook his head.
“No assistance is required, but thank you for your offer. Most kind.”
“But Brams,” started Weststar, fuming.
The angle from which Brams’ face was being captured from changed, becoming more acute as he stood up. “No, listen to me Weststar. I am convinced you are involved in the gambit to overthrow me. I do not have the necessary evidence to prove it but believe me, your end of days is coming. I would dare you to stop being a coward and face me openly, but you can’t change your ways any more than a Jaxlin Prowler could. Good day.”
The connection ended. Weststar waited for his pulse to return to normal. Option two it is, then. Brams had given him no choice. Niettha would have to deal with it - Amos didn’t care if he wasn’t yet ready.
He tapped in another connection and this time had to wait just moments before Admiral Adami’s stern features appeared.
“It’s time,” he said. Adami merely nodded, turning away even as the connection closed.
Chapter Eleven
 
The Fists of the Dominion and the Imperial Guards met up in Raichel’s apartment. Sat around the stark yet comfortable lounge area sipping piping-hot coffee, the mood was somber. The last time they had all met up there had not been enough seating for everyone and the Neophytes had sat cross-legged on the floor.
Raichel could remember their faces, despite not having paid them much attention since they had been mostly silent the whole time, listening with rapt attention to the Askari and Mushur. They had been so serious, soaking up everything as if their lives depended on it. The thought tore at her already tattered heart. She fought back tears. It would do none of the other Edo any good to see their leader so upset, especially with Calista Flores still struggling to come to terms with the loss. Flores had purposefully sat in the far corner of the room, and had only tersely responded to questions since she had arrived. A steely look to Flores’ eyes told Raichel that Calista had recovered enough to function again.
Gil had arrived with Flores, and he had spent very little time away from her since the bombing. Gil’s empathy towards others had only improved since being a Hiver. Raichel was thankful to Gil for looking after Flores and knew that he would be doing a better job than she ever could. He was talking quietly but intently to Jake Bulver.
When Jake and Kaliko had arrived they had acted strangely, quickly finding other people to talk to. She had to smile at their antics, and secretly was very happy indeed since Jake’s obsession with Thea Leilani had become unhealthy for him. Despite Kaliko’s own chequered past Raichel felt confident that those dark times were entirely in the past for Kaliko and if a relationship were to form between the two it would be fantastic for Jake.
Elenore sat next to Kaliko, with Kaliko helping to plait Elenore’s silky black-dyed hair. Elenore Frost had been a wonderful student so far, both in the field and in the classroom. Since arriving in the Dominion, Elenore skills had increased significantly, in tandem with her continuing to lose her childish form. She was turning into a beautiful young lady right before Raichel’s eyes. It was a shame her mother wasn’t here to see, but Raichel felt sure that Syrene Frost would be overjoyed when Elenore finally returned home as an Edo Askari.
“So, Kaliko,” said Raichel, gathering all their attention. “You have something you need to discuss?”
“Yes. Jake and I followed Doyen Niettha last night. I say followed, but I really mean tried to follow.” She looked around, pulled a silly expression at Elenore, who giggled.
“Somehow, despite all of our precautions, the man knew that we were tracking him. He knew that we were Edo, he knew to stop as soon as we stopped, despite us being several blocks away, well out of visual range.”
“And you think you know how he managed it?” asked Gil.
Kaliko turned to look at him. “Yes. He’s a Skave. And very powerful.”
Everyone sat in silence, contemplating the implications. Raichel thought she saw a problem with Kaliko’s idea.
“With the Skave we’ve encountered so far we have been able to sense them without issue - they do not seem to have learnt how to make themselves small and remove themselves from the Astral plane. How then, have we not been able to identify Niettha as a Skave?”
“If Weststar is colluding with the Skave, then it stands to reason that he would be working closely with one of their leaders, a Skave Lord,” said Calista Flores, working things through as she spoke.
“Exactly,” replied Kaliko. “We have met very few Skave Lords but we know that our own Edo Mushur have different skills to one another. Mushur Ko lacks telekinetic powers but is incredibly strong in in creating Astral illusions. Mushur Hallowwyrn is a healer, and so on. It would seem that our Doyen Niettha is capable of hiding his Astral sensitivity and his Deep activities. A perfect choice for a Skave tasked with working deep inside the Imperial Dominion.”
Raichel nodded, satisfied with the logic. “It does make sense. There has been enough Skave involvement in many of our skirmishes to show that they must be deeply involved with Channelings opposing Brams. Since we’re also pretty sure Weststar is behind the plot, if not necessarily the only Doyen involved, it stands to reason that he would need to communicate with them. Niettha would seem to be the only candidate that fits the bill.”
“The question is,” said Jake, “what do we do about it? As with Doyen Weststar we don’t have any proof, even if we know they are up to no good.”
“On Graz we would just have them assassinated,” said Elenore proudly.
Raichel laughed. ‘That’s the Grazan solution to everything, it seems.”
“If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.”
Raichel shook her head. “Unfortunately, my young Neophyte,” we’re not on Graz and we are Edo. We cannot act without evidence, and we are not executioners.”
“Even if our inaction leads to more deaths?” asked Calista, perfectly serious.
First Val Nordin, now Calista. Why was everyone trying to lay all the blame on me, thought Raichel morosely. Raichel shook her head slowly, sadly.
“Even if. We must remember that we are not the cause of any loss here. We do what we can, whilst remaining true to ourselves.” Raichel looked around before settling on Calista. “Any other path can only lead to the Deep.”
 
“Is anyone else getting a numb backside,” joked Shawn Moller over the group com channel.
“No, but I could do with stretching my legs,” replied Lee, “I’m sure Nebulas were more comfortable back in the old days.”
“That, or you’re getting too old, Lee,” said August Durante.
“What do they call it when you’ve been too old for a couple of decades already?” laughed Raif.
“I think that’s called becoming a legend,” said Dang.
“Or someone who’s too senile to realize they’re past it,” countered Nate Shepherd.
The six veterans were spread out around the Zashfallus solar system, monitoring the activity throughout as best as they could. The modified Nebulas didn’t have the sensor capabilities of true reconnaissance Nebula fighters with their detachable sensor pods, but between them they could cover almost 90% of the system, and all of the space around the planet Citadel itself.
Whilst the system paled when compared to Himdel, it was still one of, if not the busiest system in Imperial space. This meant that more than one hundred ships an hour were coming or going from the planet, and there was at least one new ship emerging from hyperspace for every minute that crawled past.
The four Gladiator and Shadow pilots had to rely on their sensors, their intuition and experience to detect anything out of the ordinary whilst the two Edo could add the Astrals into the mix. Because of this they had been stationed closed to Citadel, sweeping their focus across each ship as it entered or left their expanse.
Although classed as a fortress world, Citadel lacked orbiting battle stations, like the Yaffen-ring base stations that surrounded Himdel. Instead, Citadel relied upon a large fleet of Imperial Hellfire class Battleships and energy shields. Raif felt particularly apprehensive about being so close to the imposing fleet of huge battleships and its thousand-strong force of Delta fighters, most of which were Mark two or better. He had to remind himself that the Dominion was at peace with the Commonwealth and had no declared vendetta against the Edo, unlike the Commonwealth. Of course, should they detect him they would treat him as the intruder that he was. As an ex-Gladiator, he loved Nebula fighters. There wasn’t any other fighter he would prefer to be in, especially since this one was so new and fancy. He felt privileged to be flying one of Lee’s babies, and if there was any ship he had to be in when being detected by an entire Imperial fleet then it was the Nebula fighter.
A flight of Delta heavy assault fighters flew past, their triple wings glinting with reflected sunlight, barely half a kilometer away from his position. He imagined how the pilots would have jumped out of their skins if he were to flick his active sensors on. Delta heavy assault fighters had some pretty advanced sensors, so he felt reassured that they hadn’t detected him from such a close distance - if they couldn’t detect him then no one could. Of course, it would only take one of them to glance in his direction just as his fighter occluded a star for them to spot him, but that had very low odds, good enough for him.
He watched as a particularly large freighter approached the planet, tended to by small escort vessels. Raif Channeled, expanded his perception through the massive ship and touched the minds of its many crew. Beyond the normal petty rivalries and concerns nothing seemed amiss. He moved to checking the escorts when the com crackled.
“Ko, do you sense it?” asked Shepherd, his voice thick with concern.
“No, what is it?” he replied.
“Check these coordinates,” said Nate, as the coordinates popped up on Raif’s local space display. His X4 immediately processed them and highlighted the ship at those coordinates, some kind of small vessel, probably a shuttle. Drawing on Astral energy, Ko reached out and pulled back almost immediately.
“Skave!”
“Oh, goody,” said Moller, “playtime.”
“Ah, that’s a negative on that, Shawn,” said Lee. “We can’t break cover.”
There was small delay before Shawn replied, “Acknowledged, General.”
“I’m sorry Shawn, there’s nothing I’d like more than to convert them into meteorites but we’re here to back up Raichel and the others, not continue the war against the Skave, as much as I’d like that.”
“We may have exposed ourselves by simple touching their minds,” noted Shepherd.
“If you did, then they’ve not given any indications to that fact,” said Dang Obasanji. “Their course has remained steady.”
“Raichel’s reports have mentioned the Skave being part of the attacks experienced by the Edo. These Skave may be on their way to a possibly successful mission against them. Can we live with ourselves should that happen? Sorry Lee, I’m just putting the thought out there.”
“I know, August, I appreciate it,” said Gaspara. “If we attacked then the Imperials would know that stealth-equipped Nebula fighters are out here and that would make any further activities here next to impossible. In fact, I’d make sure we left and didn’t come back, at least for a while.”
“And that would mean no support for Raichel,” concluded Shepherd.
“Exactly,” said Lee. “So I’m sorry Shawn, no fun for you today. Let’s all close up on them, monitor them and track them as best as we can. Raif, Nate, it might be worth seeing if you can Channel carefully enough to monitor them without alerting them? We need as much intel as we can.”
 
Including Val Nordin, only five Edo Conclave members were present within the meeting room, in the temporary Edo base on Sobal Gailian. Seated around a table far too large for them all, were the two Carmencos, Nenotuul, Hallowwyrn and himself. In Val’s opinion, it made for a very sorry Conclave. The other Conclave members were away on missions.
“Why wasn’t I informed of Mushur Okarachebe’s arrest sooner?” he asked, as calmly as he could manage. Which, if he was honest with himself, wasn’t very calm at all.
“As soon as we found out we set about getting the information to you, which, since you were deep within The Wilds, was not an easy task,” replied Hallowwyrn, waving one of her flipper-like hands at him.
“Didn’t anyone think to send an Astral-call? Surely between you all you could have mustered the strength to do so?” Val could see that his insult did not go unnoticed by Nenotuul, who blinked as her top lip curled slightly up. “Don’t bother answering that,” Val continued, “just tell me what you are doing about it.”
“Besides contacting the other Mushur? Nothing,” answered Danze Carmenco calmly.
Val shook his head, “I expected as much, hence why I have returned. How can you sit by and do nothing? They are seeking the death penalty.”
Hallowwyrn nodded. “Should it come to that, then we would discuss what to do then. Whether to seek a rescue attempt or act in some other manner. Until then, we have to rely on Tomasa Iwu, and have faith in the Astrals.”
Nordin stood up. “Are you telling me that you would, should the Conclave decide so, allow them to kill Mushur Okarachebe?”
Nenotuul inclined his. “You would not?”
“Of course I wouldn’t,” said Val.
“Mushur Nordin, do you not see the irony?” asked Lani. “You would do the very thing that they have arrested him for. Do you really believe you should answer to no one but yourself? Should the Commonwealth hold us above the law, stand by and allow us to commit crime after crime? How would the common person view that, view us?”
Val looked at her incredulously. “When did the Edo become so pathetic?”
“Val…” warned Danze.
Nordin sneered at Danze. “What, Mushur Carmenco?” he said, sarcastically. “Do you think I care about a warning from someone as pacifistic as you? Favored by the Astrals, yes. A great teacher, yes. An Edo Mushur? Never.”
“I would say the same about you,” said Nenotuul, standing up.
Still looking at Danze, Nordin pointed at Mushur Nenotuul. “At least she has some backbone. I insulted your wife and you sat there like the coward that you are.”
Hallowwyrn rose. “Mushur Nordin. I am sorry, but when the Conclave reforms I will be forwarding a motion to have you expelled from the Conclave. We all believe that you have, or will shortly, fallen to the Deep.”
Val laughed harshly. “A motion? Surely you mock me? No? Is that what you are reduced to? If you want me gone then generate your weapons. Don’t hide behind bureaucracy. Edo do not fight with datapads and ballots.”
Hallowwyrn shook her head. “You think Edo are the one thing that we are not. We are guardians, not soldiers. We serve to protect, to uphold justice and freedom for all of our galaxy’s inhabitants. That does not mean we should be beyond the law. You will never understand that.”
“Maybe I won’t, Mushur Hallowwyrn, but it doesn’t mean I have fallen to the Deep. My intent is for justice and to protect those who need it. I just happen to disagree with being so passive. If that means I am no longer on the council, then so be it. My conscience will be clear. I will do what I need to do to save the Edo sect whilst you all sit here contemplating your navels.”
Mushur Nenotuul sat down, the other Mushur giving each other glances, supporting each other. So weak, thought Val.
“Am I to assume that you agree with Mushur Ison and that I should not be allowed access to the Skave captive?” The four Edo Mushur remained quiet. Val shook his head again. “At least allow me to send one flight from the Paladins to support them.”
Hallowwyrn opened her mouth, the Maladorni version of a smile. “That would please us greatly, thank you, Mushur Nordin. We shall tell them to expect their assistance.”
Val nodded curtly, bowed facetiously towards the other Edo and stormed out of the room, almost unconsciously Channeling to make his cape billow as if in a gale.
 
It still felt strange to Raif Ko, flying in and out from the FleetTech base on Havalor, an Imperial world. Being challenged by Imperial officers for the correct clearance and then being ushered through without any issues felt, well, unnatural. Wrong, even. Perhaps the galaxy was finally ready for peace, if only the Skave and whoever was causing trouble here in the Dominion would kindly remove themselves from the picture.
Feeling the Skave again had been deeply unsettling. Ko knew there was still an entire world of them out there somewhere, and that their numbers crushed those of the Edo, but they had been quiet since their defeated attempt to conquer the Commonwealth. He knew it would be naive to think that they would never trouble the galaxy again, he had just hoped that they would take longer to regroup.
Allowing the Skave to land on Citadel had been the only real choice for the six pilots, but August’s words were worrying. He really would not be able to live with himself if more of the Edo on Citadel died. They just had to hope that they would be around to aide them if and when required. Unfortunately the Nebula fighters and their pilots needed down time and so they had to return to Havalor once a day to refuel, eat and sleep. Everyone was desperate to get back to Citadel before their rest period was up but Lee quite rightly insisted that they stick to the schedule - they would be no help to Raichel if they were all exhausted.
Upon landing they were informed that a recorded, heavily encrypted comms projector message had been received marked for Raif and Nate’s attention. A message from the Conclave. They had been assigned some rooms in the barracks for FleetTech’s test pilots and so they took the message there, having invited the other pilots along. Nate gave one of their X4’s the code to unlock the encryption. After a short delay the little robot beamed the contents out, with a small version of Mushur Hallowwyrn appearing before them.
“Mushur Ko and Shepherd,” croaked the Maladorni.
“Why does everyone seem to put your first?” murmured Nate.
“Looks before age,” said Raif, throwing Nate a quick wink.
“I hope that your work in the Dominion goes well. Mushur Okarachebe informed me of your activities before she departed to the Commonwealth. Unfortunately I need to inform you that she has been arrested, the details of which are included in the supplementary files attached to this message. The Assembly is seeking the death penalty.”
The six of them exchanged worried glances. Hallowwyrn’s hologram continued.
“Mushur Nordin has expressed his great displeasure out at our failure to intervene in the matter, and also at being refused access to Mushur Ison’s captive. He has indicated that he is sending one of his flight groups to the Imperial Dominion - I would suggest that they coordinate their actions with you. Whilst I know this must come as a great shock, and that your first reaction will be to go to Mushur Okarachebe’s aid, I must ask that you continue to support Mushur Ison. She and her Edo must survive. I have felt that their survival is critical to the survival of the Edo sect. I know that you will do all that you can. May the Astrals guide you.”
Stunned silence ensued, the six men almost motionless. The X4 robot spent a considerable fraction of its processing time to consider if it was supposed to play the message again.
“Well, she’s not one for small talk is she?” said August.
“You’re not kidding, I’m not even Edo and I feel like a bomb’s just gone off in my face,” said Shawn Moller sheepishly.
“Being an Edo isn’t as glamorous as some might imagine,” said Nate.
“What do you want to do?” asked Lee.
“If it was up to me we’d be hooking up with Nordin and going in, Astral weapons swinging, guns howling,” said Shepherd, frankly. He held his hand up to Ko. “But as Mushur Hallowwyrn says our duty is here. Sord’s life is not the only one on the line, and at least we should be given notice for when he is going to be put to death.”
“You sound as though you already expect him to be found guilty,” said Dang. “Have you lost so much faith in the Commonwealth?”
Ko considered. Dang Obasanji was still active in the Shadow squadron, so he needed to believe in what he was fighting for.
“Dang, we still support the Commonwealth,” he said. “We still believe in it. Unfortunately, at the moment, their view of the Edo, whether justified or not, is so bad that they want nothing more than to slaughter us all. One by one, until we are all gone. This is just the beginning and is probably the real reason why we’re here in the Dominion - the Edo are going to need all the allies they can get.”
“How about we try and keep enough fuel in our tanks to reach Himdel, just in case?” offered August, to nods from everyone. Even the X4 tootled positively.
“Let’s just hope it doesn’t come to,” said Lee, “can you imagine how difficult Shawn will be to be around if he can claim to have saved an Edo Grand Mushur’s life?”
“Even more difficult than now,” agreed August.
“Hey, I helped destroy the second Goliath Battle Station!”
Everyone laughed, the humour much needed at that moment. The X4, getting into the swing of things, blew a long and loud electronic raspberry.
 
Sat cross-legged within her ship, the Darkening Horizon, Thea Leilani watched as Admiral Adami’s fleet left orbit and aligned themselves for the first leg of the hyperspace voyage back to the Dominion.
Viewed abstractly, she was interested to see how the Imperial-Zhur Thoggu technology would perform. Some of the technologies, those that she’d been able to obtain, seemed like definite improvements over the standard Imperial fare. Emotionally, she was appalled at what Adami had done. The Zhur Thoggu were monstrosities, organic life-hating machines that should have been eradicated or expelled from the galaxy. That the Edo and the Commonwealth had allowed the defeated Zhur Thoggu to remain was a folly that seemed about ripe to teach them a lesson they wouldn’t soon forget.
Which, from an economic viewpoint, was a disaster. She was now wealthier than she had ever thought possible. After aquiring her ship, and enhancing it, she had used her talents, both physical and Skave, to accumulate wealth. She had quickly reached a tipping point, where her money made it easier and easier to gather more. Her bank account values had accelerated at an exponential rate ever since. 
With a not inconsiderable amount of her galaxy spanning business occurring within the Imperial Dominion, Thea was worried that Adami’s efforts would have a serious impact on her income from those areas.
Not that this was her main concern. Of far more importance was the fact that her kin were at large in the Dominion, by all accounts assisting Adami and unknown parties to overthrow Brams. Why they were helping, she hadn’t yet been able to determine. Her spies were capable, they would find out eventually. Whatever the reason, she would need to do something about them. The stronger they grew, the more resources they would dedicate to hunting her. She needed more time to accumulate the wealth and power needed to deal with them herself, and so she would have to do what she could to thwart them.
But first, she needed to go to the Nushothi cluster and see for herself the outcome of the Imperial assisted Zhur Thoggu invasion. She had arranged for a small surprise of her own.
The misshapen vessels of Adami’s fleet accelerated until one by one they flickered, vanishing into hyperspace.
Chapter Twelve
 
Raif Ko shivered. A great sense of foreboding held him like a child in its grip. “Nate,” he said over the comms channel, “do you feel it?”
“Affirmative, Raif,” replied the other Edo Mushur. “Everyone, look sharp, something unpleasant is about to ruin our day.”
“Just when I was starting to enjoy the constellations,” quipped Shawn Moller.
“Cut the chatter, Shawn,” said Lee. “Gladiators, form up on me.” 
As they regrouped, the feeling strengthened. “Something’s happening,” said Raif.
“Multiple hyperspace distortions detected,” called Dang. “It’s a fleet.”
They watched in stunned silence as ship after ship poured out from hyperspace. Raif’s X4 had trouble identifying some of the ships but they were clearly Imperial in nature, even if the models weren’t fully catalogued.
“I don’t like the look of those vessels,” said Lee, “I’ve never seen Battleships so misshapen before. They remind me of…” he tailed off, too horrified to finish the sentence.
“Zhur Thoggu ships,” said August Durante, equally mortified. “They’re covered in Ulorbana nanite steel.”
“What have they done?” said Raif. “What kind of insanity would cause people to do this?”
“It gets worse, Raif, I’m reading elevated temperatures within those Battleships,” commed Lee. “Here it comes,” he said as the first bloom of superheated plasma erupted from one of the giant encrusted ships.
“I’m wondering how they got a Battleship to mate with a Zhur Thoggu ship,” quipped Moller, darkly.
 
 
Admiral Adami stood on the observation deck of her flagship, the Decimator. Her heart thumped away violently within her chest as she watched her new weapons fling their deadly contents towards the flat-footed defense fleet. This was it. This was really it. Finally she would reclaim a position within the Dominion that she deserved. Leading the Commonwealth had been all well and good, at least initially, but she would always be an Imperialist. This was where she belonged. If her return to power meant blood had to be shed, then so be it. Plenty had been shed during the past, with more to flow in the future. It was the way of things.
She turned to Captain Domovero. “Report.”
“Admiral,” he said, coming to swift attention. “The position of the Citadel defense force was within expected parameters. Our appearance appears to have taken them by complete surprise. The fleet is moving to engage, fighters are launching now.”
“Good. Proceed as planned, Captain.”
“Admiral!” said the man. He span on his heels, issuing commands before he’d even finished turning.
She smiled to herself. Yes, indeed, he would be a fine officer, within my fleet - the Dominion’s navy.
 
Riccard Brams ran down a corridor, the two surviving Edo Imperial Defenders right behind him. An alarm had awoken Brams from a troubled sleep, and since he had contacted his chief of staff on his way to tactical command he knew a fleet had emerged from hyperspace close to Citadel.
The door to the Tactical Command facility fled into the ceiling as he approached. The room was in chaos, with staff dashing in and out and others shouting into comms devices or at each other. Brams looked around until he found who he needed and walked over, as slowly as he could manage, which wasn’t very slowly at all.
“General Tilmer, please, update me.”
“Sir, we’re under attack.” Tilmer was an aging officer, one who had spent many loyal years in service to the Dominion. His lean, mustachioed face betrayed the strain he was feeling. “The incoming vessels have opened fire on our fleet. They are Imperial, but appear to be equipped with Zhur Thoggu technology. Even though we outnumber them they are already beginning to gain the upper hand. We are repositioning the fleet as best as we can.”
“I see. Have they identified themselves?”
“Not yet, Sir.”
“Thank you, General. Please continue.” Brams turned to the Edo. “This is unfortunate. I normally prefer to have breakfast before dealing with an invasion.” Brams heard Gil choke back a laugh. Brams switched on his communicator, and paused whilst he considered. He made a decision. “Danica, get a message out to all the Doyen’s tell them Citadel is under assault and request all available forces are dispatched to Citadel with all haste. Any and all assistance will be very richly rewarded.”
Danica Prilission didn’t waste time in responding, instead she started delegating contacting the Doyen’s out amongst the other aides. He watched her. Such a tremendous woman, and one he had treated well and rewarded often. So why had she decided to betray him? She was the mole, or at least the most significant one. Was it something about him, or was she in it purely for the credits? She had been the only aide he had discussed Raichel’s trip to the starport and so she must have been the one to tip off the enemy. The Edo had done what he had needed them to do, at the expense of three of their lives. But now, with Citadel under assault, had it been too little, too late? Had their lives been given in vain, as he had feared they might?
He turned to the taller of his two guards. “Please, monitor that one,” he said quietly, eyeing Danica. “She has proven untrustworthy.” The giant Edo nodded slowly. Riccard knew that the Edo had capabilities for sensing emotion and enhancing their common senses so he felt sure that the Edo would be able to prevent any further actions by the woman. Once the invasion was repelled, he would have to have her arrested.
“Somebody get me Doyen Weststar on comms, and please find and bring the Fists of the Dominion here.” Several of his staff acknowledged him and got to work. He watched the screens update, showing several of his force already badly damaged. He had competent men leading those ships and their tactics were sound - drawing back to the planet to prevent the other fleet from encircling them. They just needed to hold out long enough for the backup to arrive. If it arrived. He wasn’t sure that any of the Doyens would answer his call. Or if they did they would come, but fight for the invaders, not him.
“Status report on our shields, please General?”
General Tilmer, leant over a desk talking to an aide seated at it, looked around. “Sir, planetary shield is up at 100%. City shields are coming online now.”
“Thank you, General.”
A staffer approached. “Sir, Doyen Weststar’s team has reported that the Doyen is currently unavailable.”
“Thank you, I appreciate the quick update.” The man saluted and rushed away. Brams would have been more surprised if Weststar had taken the call. He was obviously a very busy man right now.
And that was that. There wasn’t much Riccard could do, other than watch and wonder what he could have done differently.
 
Doyen Weststar delayed answering the comms projector call from Doyen Niettha. He knew it would only anger the man further but it was a truism that one had to appreciate the small pleasures in life.
An entire battalion of troops had arrived to fortify his home just minutes before the invasion. Though that would seem most suspicious to anyone who wished to look into such things, he rather hoped that the results of today’s actions would mean that no one would, not when he was Emperor. A wing of Delta heavy assault fighters covered the air whilst shock troopers and chariots defended the ground. Whilst he felt that Brams would have his hands much too full to consider attempting to arrest Weststar, he always liked to err on the side of caution. A heavily armored and modified troop transport was ready to escort him away should it be needed, but with the Emperor willing he would use it to transport himself to the Imperial Headquarters to assume command once the invasion had toppled Riccard Brams.
With other matters pressing upon him, Weststar activated the holographic system, and Doyen Niettha’s head and upper torso coalesced above the emitter dais. He was not happy.
“What have you done, Weststar?”
“Me? Nothing. Admiral Adami on the other hand, has begun her assault.”
“I told you that my forces were not yet ready,” warned Niettha.
“Indeed you did. As I told you, I could not wait any longer. Brams was too close. It was now or never.”
Niettha stared at him. “Your invasion may fail without my ships.”
“True, but what choice did I have? You told me to gain access to the prisoner quickly. This will achieve that instruction. Can you speed up their arrival?”
“I will see what I can do. But listen very closely, Amos. Do anything like this ever again and it will be the last thing you do.”
Feeling more in control than for a while, Weststar inclined his head and smiled slightly. “Of course, of course.”
The projector switched off and Weststar took a moment. The meeting with Niettha had proceeded much more smoothly than he had anticipated. Interesting. Very interesting.
 
Lee and the other pilots had wanted to dive head long into the melee. Raif had had to argue fiercely against them, convinced that the Astrals needed them somewhere else. Shepherd had back him up and so with some resentment Lee had agreed to stand by and collect as much data as they could whilst they waited.
So far things were not going well for the home team. It had quickly become apparent that plasma volcano cannons and Ulorbana nanite steel were not the only Zhur Thoggu technologies the invaders were equipped with. The first fighter clashes had revealed that the invading fighters reacted very quickly, indicating some sort of Zhur Thoggu interface technology, but worse still was their use of N-spheres. The Zhur Thoggu themselves used them almost exclusively in a defensive manner, to absorb or deflect attacks. The invaders, however, were using them as weapons, firing out the micro N-spheres like torpedoes. Raif had watched as Delta fighter after Delta fighter winked out in a blaze of actinic light and exotic particles. Initial shock had given way to wariness as the gravimetric distortions given off by the N-spheres was tracked and used to help defend against the attacks. Since only the larger Delta bomber analogues seemed equipped with N-sphere emitters it because important to keep distance from them. Unfortunately this meant that those ships had the capability to move throughout the engagement zone freely, since no one wanted to engage them directly, and any long range shots against them were easily countered by those very same N-sphere emitters. They had already caused serious damage to several of Brams’ Hellfire-class Battleships.
Lee was first to notice. “Heads up. A small freighter has just launched from one of their destroyers. It’s escorted by four bombers.”
“Copy,” said Ko, already feeling pulled towards the vessel. “That’s what we’ve been waiting for. They’re heading towards the planet.”
“Engage active sensors. Let’s go spoil their fun,” confirmed Lee. All six Stealth Nebula fighters throttled up and plunged down towards the planet, hot on the heels of the freighter and its escort.
“I’m reading massive gravimetric distortions coming from the freighter,” commed Dang Obasanji. “Far more powerful than anything the bombers can produce.”
The freighter slowed as it neared the planetary shield and the bombers turned to focus their attention upon the Nebula fighters.
“Incoming!” called August. The veteran pilots nimbly maneuvered their ships around the deadly N-spheres. It seemed that the N-spheres could only be controlled when close to the bombers, so when launched offensively they acted like normal dumb missiles and followed their trajectories until their own energies tore them apart at some fundamental level way beyond Raif’s understanding.
Unfortunately, the closer they got, the harder it was to avoid the N-spheres. Having to rely on gravimetric data fed to their screens by their X4’s meant having to wait before being able to dodge. Fortunately for Raif and Nate being Astral-sensitive allowed them to sense the N-spheres quicker than the X4’s could, giving them a distinct advantage over the non-Edo.
“The freighter is doing something to the shield,” commed Dang. “Integrity is beginning to fail across an area one kilometer in breadth.”
“How long until it drops?” asked Lee.
“Less than thirty seconds.”
Raif knew what he had to do. “Lee, you and the others keep the bombers busy, Shepherd and I will close in and try and disable the freighter.”
A double click sounded over the comms channel as Lee signaled his approval. Raif sensed Nate form up on his wing and in they flew, lasers stuttering.
Chapter Thirteen
 
Edo Mushur Raichel Ison flashed her Fist of the Dominion ID to the security guard as she ran past. Sensing Riccard Brams’ position before she saw him she angled off in his direction, Elenore trailing behind her. She saw Brams, who stood discussing something with a couple of senior officers. He looked calmer than Raichel felt but she could sense the anguish within him.
As she approached he noticed her. “Fists. Thank you for coming. We have quite a situation here.”
“Biggest understatement since someone said that Grawlins are ugly,” quipped Elenore.
Brams ignored her. “Our foe have decided to finally come out into the open. The attack started fifteen minutes ago and already we can see that without some sort of miracle, we are going to lose.”
“Why,” said Raichel, looking confused as she viewed the various screens showing the combat zones. The red dots appeared to be less numerous than the black dots.
“If they were just standard Imperial vessels then yes, we would have the upper hand but unfortunately they seem to have joined forces with the Zhur Thoggu.” He raised his hands to fend off questions from the two Edo. “All we know is that many of the ships are encrusted with Ulorbana nanite steel and that they are employing plasma cannons and N-sphere emitters. How and why, we don’t know. All we do know is that they are very, very effective.”
Raichel was horrified. Zhur Thoggu technology? Integrated into our technology? What Zhur Thoggu crafter would ever agree to such crimes? And who would seek the assistance of those exterminators from outside of our galaxy, whose viewpoint was so diametrically opposed to our own? She took Elenore’s hand. “Reach out with me, let us see what we can feel.”
She felt Elenore’s perceptions mingle with her own, and together they Channeled, expanding their senses. She could sense tens of thousands of entities up there, some winking out of existence even as she touched their minds. She felt Elenore’s anguish and sent the young woman encouragement. She checked the battle screens again and then moved her focus towards what seemed to be the lead vessel, a particularly heavily covered Battleship. She searched amongst the thousands upon thousands of people onboard, looking for those particularly bright in the Astrals or seeming to be key decision makers. Soon, she felt one particular presence. One she knew too well. She pulled back, repulsed, but then she felt the presence of Astral-sensitive beings, much closer to the planet. She concentrated, then smiled broadly.
She let go of Elenore’s hand. “Well, I have good news and bad news.”
Brams cocked his head. “Bad news. Bad news always goes first.”
“Bad news is that I know who is running the show up there, and she is one mean old lady.”
Brams half closed his eyes as he rocked back slightly on his heels. “Adami. I should have guessed. I have been wondering what hole she had crawled into.”
“The good news,” said Raichel, “is that there are some Edo up there. Edo Mushur Nate Shepherd and Raif Ko, if I am not mistaken.”
“Ah,” said Riccard knowingly, “that would explain what’s going on just above the planetary shield. Let me show you.”
 
“Skavespit,” cursed Raif over the comms channel, “that thing is as tough as my wife’s mother.” He jinked to avoid another N-sphere torpedo and curved around for another shot, Nate perfectly matching his maneuver.
“Ko, Shepherd, whatever you guys are going to do you better do it fast,” grunted Dang. “The shield is about to fail.”
Are going to do? Thought Ko. We’re already doing it. Short of ramming it, and even that was guaranteed success since the ship seemed practically indestructible, there wasn’t much else he could think to do. Fear gnawed at the edge of his mind, beginning to erode his famous confidence.
Another attack run from the pair resulted in more chunks of Ulorbana breaking off from the ship, yet still it sat there, almost unperturbed as it worked to bring down the shield.
“Blast it,” growled Ko. “Anyone got any better ideas? Dang?”
“I’m sorry Raif, it’s too late,” said Dang, his voice particularly thick. “The shield is about to fail… there it goes.”
 
Admiral Adami watched the screens updated as the shield draining ship did its job perfectly. The ship then dropped through the hole in the shield followed closely by the dog-fighting modified Delta bombers and those strange stealthy Nebula fighters. It headed for Disthasus, the main city on Citadel, home to the Imperial Stronghold and location of Riccard Brams. Once it fell, and he was dead or captured Weststar would assume control and the fighting would end, with Adami in charge of the entire Imperial Navy.
“Captain, send in the other ships. I want the city shield down as soon as possible, and that hole won’t remain open forever.”
“Yes, Admiral,” said Domovero spritely. They could all sense it, she knew. Victory was coming. She had known that many were deeply unhappy with using the Zhur Thoggu technology but now they were seeing the results of the killer-machines’ tech, they were less opposed to it. All military men wanted to achieve success and glory on the battlefield, and here they were, winning.
“Oh, and Captain?”
“Yes, Admiral?”
“It is officers like you who will bring the Dominion back to its former glory.”
The man visibly swelled with pride. “Thank you, Admiral!”
 
Jake and Kaliko had joined them in the war room. Raichel noticed Brams give Kaliko a look, a quick flash of the eyes that he must have hoped no one saw. She had deliberated over whether to include Kaliko on the team due to her having killed Admiral Havalor, who had been adored throughout the Dominion. She had heard rumors that Riccard Brams was in fact Admiral Havalor’s son, and because of this might harbor understandable resentment towards Kaliko Savina. Until that glance he had appeared as comfortable around her as had with all the other Edo. Strange, she thought. Though for a man under such strain it was understandable if he was less able to control his emotions.
Together they watched as the hole was torn through the great planetary shield, watched as the ships continued down and towards Disthasus. Nobody needed to guess what their next step was - a repeat of the process on the city’s shield. The room had substantially quietened as many staffers stopped to watch the inexorable path of the hybrid Imperial ships towards Disthasus, with the hounding Nebula fighters seemingly powerless to stop them.
Brams glanced over worriedly at Raichel. “They’ll get them, Sir,” she said trying and failing to sound reassuring. An ex-Gladiator squadron pilot herself, she was desperate to be up there, doing what she could rather than being trapped here, under the shield, deep within the Imperial Headquarters,  just waiting for the inevitable attack. “But we do need to consider the possibility that they breach the shield. We need to get you away from here Riccard.”
“No,” he said, so loudly that it startled the staff near to him. “It’s out of the question. She cannot be allowed to defeat me.” He shook with repressed anger. “Admiral Havalor didn’t allow it and I won’t either.”
Raichel approached him and spoke softly. “Riccard. I appreciate this is difficult but you are no good to the people of the Dominion as a captive or worse. Do you think Adami will be merciful?”
Just then Danica Prilission returned, with Gil in tow. “High Doyen, Sir. I have contacted any many Doyen’s as I could. Ships will begin to arrive within an hour.”
Brams smiled thankfully at her. “My thanks, Danica. Please see to the evacuation procedures for the citizens of Disthasus. Should the shield fail I need them enacted immediately.”
She bowed slightly. “Of course, Sir,” and walked away to begin her work. Once she was out of earshot the tall, imposing Imperial Defender leant over towards Brams, as if to whisper.
“Save your breath, Gil,” said Brams. I already know what you are going to say. It was her final test,” he said sadly. He motioned towards a security chief and a group of security officers and then pointed at Danica. “Arrest that woman,” he said simply.
Brams only had time to blink as Prilission whirled around, revealing a deadly looking hold-out phased plasma pistol gripped firmly in hand, already raised into firing position. She pulled the trigger.
Chapter Fourteen
 
Edo Mushur Val Nordin checked the countdown timer for reversion back into real space. Twenty seconds to go. Twenty seconds until his return to Dominion space. He knew that his presence would not be well received should he be discovered, but had found it impossible to ignore his feelings, he had felt a strong pull towards the Dominion. The Edo Conclave had agreed to him sending a flight group from his Paladins to the Dominion, he had just not specified it would be the group he led. A technicality, maybe, but if his feelings were to be trusted, one that would ultimately prevent his abolishment from the Edo Conclave, once they finally appreciated that sometimes desperate times call for desperate measures. Time would tell.
Thoughts of his brother tugged at his consciousness, traitors to his will. Under the influence of the fallen Skave Lord Adil Necron, Val had crossed into the Deep, and whilst seeking revenge against the Dominion had destroyed the planet Nanidu. What he hadn’t know was that his brother was still alive and on Nanidu at the time. If he was honest with himself he was still trying to make amends, though he recognized that he would never truly feel the debt repaid, no matter how many lives he had saved since then or in the future.
Senoch Gray broke into his reverie. “Three seconds to reversion. Two. One. Mark.”
Nordin pulled back on his hyperspace drive lever and with a slight shake his Recon Stealth Nebula fighter returned to normal space and right into the middle of a fierce battle.
“Evasive maneuvers.” Val swung his Nebula fighter over onto its starboard stabilizers and pulled back heavily on his flight stick, narrowly avoiding a laser barrage from an all-too-close battleship.
“Val, some of the ships are heavily modified with what looks like Zhur Thoggu technology,” commed Gray, as calm as ever.
“Mark that side as the bad guys,” Val replied. “Anyone who thinks that having anything to do with the Zhur Thoggu is a good idea needs to be taught some very clear lessons.”
Their fast entry speed upon reversion and their maneuvering had brought them to the edge of the conflict. Nordin needed to decide quickly how best to assist the defending fleet, but first needed information.
“Xfour, analyze the battle, give me target data, including damage sustained and each vessel’s total damage output. If we’re to fight I want us to negate as much of their firepower as we can.” The X4 hooted in response and got to work. “Senoch, Dical, bond.”
Nordin reached out to his two remaining wing men. Touched their minds in the Astral plane, felt them welcoming him. His mind swam through theirs, folding and merging together until they were indistinguishable as discrete entities. He knew their thoughts, and they, his.
The Edo bonding used their enhanced Channeling capabilities to search through the conflict zone. Almost immediately they detected the other two Edo, down near the planet’s surface. Val brought that area into focus on his screens and saw that they were chasing a larger vessel and its escort ships down towards Disthasus. He frowned, as did Gray and Dimerchi, then checked and saw that there was a gaping hole in the planetary shield. Zooming out further it became apparent that more ships were peeling away from the battle towards the hole. They’d found where they were needed.
There was no need to speak, the three Astral-bonded Edo acted in complete unison as they flipped over and peeled away down towards the stream of vessels, wings opening into attack position.
 
The middle-aged human security guard took his time entering his security code into the wall mounted pad next to the door that led to Grand Mushur Sord Okarachebe’s cell. Tomasa Iwu waited as patiently as he could, well used to small-minded people making the most of what power they had over others. Finally the door swished into the ceiling. Iwu gave the man a full smile, revealing his mouthful of carnivorous incisors in all their serrated glory. Iwu took great pleasure in seeing the man step back, startled. Without waiting for a response, Tomasa turned and walked into the cell. The door slammed back down, sealing the room.
The huge wolf-like Edo Mushur looked well. Or at least, not unwell. A Lifzan still looked capable of defeating a Titanirus even when almost dead. Sord greeting Tomasa calmly, seemingly at peace despite his predicament. It didn’t help Iwu feel any less agitated. He had no idea how he was going to prevent the Edo Mushur from being sentenced to death. As with all politically motivated trials there were too many power players involved to hope to combat with things as mundane as facts and the law. He realized that, like the Gladiators, when faced with a superior force you had to play dirty. Unfortunately for Mushur Okarachebe, he had yet to think of anything sufficiently devious enough. There was still time however, all was not completely lost yet.
“Mister Iwu,” said Sord, his gravelly voice echoing around the small, sterile room. “It is a pleasure to meet you again. How have you been?”
“Well, thank you, Mushur. My wife, Bianchana, keeps me busy. I trust you have been treated well?”
Sord growled. “It would be interesting to see them try to treat me any other way. Like all prey, their shallow bravado soon wilts when face to face with a predator.”
“Please, Mushur Okarachebe, do not antagonize these people. You need all the support you can get.”
Sord shrugged and opened his hands, viciously barbed claws extended. “I do nothing but look at them.” 
Tomasa sighed. He knew exactly what he was doing, knew exactly how fearsome he looked to most other sentient species. Even though he was a supremely experienced and masterful Edo, his ancestry and nature could not easily be ignored. It was similar for most sentients who had evolved from predatory species. Even Tomasa’s own species, the Dallateen, battled against aggressive tendencies in the male of the species, though this did allow for there to be a fine tradition in warrior Dallateen, a line that Tomasa had been proud to be included within as a member of Gladiator squadron.
“Yesterday I attended a pre-hearing. Just myself, the judge and the prosecution team - each side outlined our cases. Although the evidence put forward by prosecution is weak, there is a great deal of it. Little to none of it is directly related to your actions and much of it is attributable to the Edo through collateral damage only. Were this a proper trial I would say we have a good chance of winning.”
Sord inclined his head. “I understand. Do not worry so, Mister Iwu. Have faith in the Astrals. Even if I am found guilty the Edo will continue. This is not the end for the Edo.”
Iwu shook his head, again. “I’m not sure I’ll ever understand you Edo. How you can be so calm when these people, whom you have sacrificed so much for, want you put to death for doing nothing other than saving their own lives?”
Sord growled gently. “With the Skave elsewhere they need someone to blame, Tomasa. It has always been easy to fear and hate those different or more powerful. The Edo have always been at risk, and always will be. We survived despite the Emperor’s and Overlord Murqen’s best attempts and though I may not, the Edo will also survive this.”
Tomasa’s resolve doubled. How could he let someone so noble and selfless be slaughtered? He would rather die than let Sord become a public spectacle.
“Mushur Sord,” he said, quite solemnly, “I will do everything I can to defend you and the Edo from this braying pack of Oorrtans. I will not rest until even my toes twitch no more.”
 
The deadly bolt of phased plasma erupted from the small hold-out pistol Danica Prilission had somehow hidden within her clingy, revealing outfit. Brams watched, everything in slow motion, as the young Elenore Frost easily absorbed the bolt with an outstretched palm. Danica Prilission fired another shot, aimed again at Elenore, and not him.
Confused, he watched as Elenore blocked the plasma and then gestured. The pistol flew from Prilission’s grip to Elenore, who giggled as she caught the gun. The woman moved to turn and flee but stopped immediately - the tip of Raichel’s Astral blade glowed menacingly near her throat.
“Move, please,” said Raichel darkly. Prilission glared at Raichel but slowly raised her hands.
Brams found his voice. “How?” he asked the young woman. “How did you react so swiftly?”
Elenore actually winked at him. “I’m heir to the Grazan throne. You get to recognize would-be assassins after a while. I’ve been waiting for her to make her move. She waited far too long,” she crowed, somehow taking delight in the attack.  “What a complete amateur!”
Raichel just shook her head and let her blade dissipate as a pair of security guards cuffed Danica.
“We know who you are,” said Prilission to Elenore. “You’ll not live through this assault.”
“Jeez,” said Elenore, “can’t you think of something a bit less melodramatic to say? This is your big moment.” Raichel almost laughed but held it back. It wouldn’t be appropriate for an Edo Mushur in these circumstances.
“Please, take her to the holding cells,” said Brams. “I want her guarded by a full squad at all times. When this is over we’ll be having a long chat, Danica.”
Danica laughed, annoying Raichel. “When this is over you’ll be dead, traitor.”
“A bit better,” encouraged Elenore. Raichel rolled her eyes.
“Riccard, I’m not taking no for an answer,” said Raichel.  “Imagine what Jase would say if I left you here. We are leaving. Gather your things, and only bring your most trusted aides, if you have any, that is.” She winked at him to know that it was at least partly in jest.
Brams looked like he was going to argue but then sighed. He took a deep breath and called out to the entire room. “Everybody, your attention, please.” He waited until everyone was looking at him. “Thank you. I want to applaud you all for your professionalism, and your bravery. You have all done a tremendous job today. It is clear why our visitors are here - they intend to topple me. All they care about is me. My presence here, now it is clear that we will be defeated, only endangers you all. I hope you believe me when I say that the only reason why I am agreeing to leave is so that your lives are not further threatened.”
Brams looked around, making eye contact with many of the Imperials. “Believe me also when I say that I will return. I will return and I will make the Dominion a republic. Your friends and families will be free from Imperial tyranny and you all will be a part of that. I promise. Again, thank you all. Be safe.”
 
With Val Nordin in the lead, the trio of Edo flew with incredible precision and grace. Despite their wild maneuvers, they were practically wingtip to wingtip, close enough to have their shields overlap at all times, massively boosting their defenses.
With bonded coordination the Edo overwhelmed N-sphere defenses with synchronized attacks, causing ship after ship to fall their onslaught. Despite their efforts, however, there were just too many ships to shoot quickly enough, and more vessels escaped down through the shield breach with each passing moment. It became obvious to Val that even with their increased defensive capabilities they were having to evade attacks too frequently to achieve the rate of kills needed.
Frustration overwhelmed Val Nordin. Senoch Gray and Dical Dimerchi knew immediately, knowing his anger through the bond. They urged peace. Nordin rejected their thoughts, killed the bond.
They are weak, he thought, bitterly. They refuse to see the need for greater actions. They hide behind lasers and combat to uphold their moral high ground whilst they risk the lives of millions by risking the failure of the city shield.  What was more of the Deep, using Astral energy effectively or holding back, relying on lesser techniques, failing to defend the countless? To Val the answer was as obvious as ever. If he had to sacrifice the Edo Code to do what needed to be done, then so be it. He had killed billions before. He would never allow the same to happen again, not whilst he still breathed, not whilst he was as powerful and capable as he was.
Without the bond their movements became uncoordinated. The other two Edo moved further away and their shields started to suffer almost immediately. Val relaxed, opening a wide, wide Channel that syphoned a river of tumultuous Astral energy and then felt for the beings within the attacking modified Mark 3 and Mark 4 Delta fighters, both versions adapted for fighter interception duties. He felt them, eight were engaging the Edo in total. He imagined gripping their hearts in his hands, and squeezed. He felt their terror, their pain, and their deaths. All eight formidable fighter ships went silent, drifting unpiloted.
“What did you do, Nordin?” said Dimerchi, utterly aghast.
“What needed to be done,” he replied. He angled back in towards the stream of vessels. “Assist me before it is too late.” Nordin felt their hesitation but they followed him down. Neither attempted to reestablish the bond.
Nordin sent his perception out ahead of them, thoughts of nothing but death.
 
 
The situation reports were almost too good to be true. Her fleet was succeeding on all sides of the battle, including the shield buster, which was even now nearing the Disthasus city shield. Riccard Brams’ reign was soon to be over. Admiral Petrina Adami stood proudly on the observation deck of her flagship, the Decimator, watching the battle directly through the enormous viewports. Each barrage of lasers and plasma, each explosion took her one step closer to regaining her position within the Dominion. Though she did not like the man, she had placed her trust in the Doyen Amos Weststar and so far that trust, which did not come easily to her, had been well rewarded.
The fleet she had built was the most powerful she had ever led, and also the most successful. All of her capital ships still survived, a much improved situation compared to her actions after finding out that Grand Doyen Vang was dead, leaving the Chasm, and lashing out against the Commonwealth seeking nothing but revenge. Though those failures, and her others since, still gnawed at her psyche, still angered her, she had learned through the years to shunt them away and believe again in her own greatness. Indeed, had she not ruled the Commonwealth? Ruled too with an iron fist, ultimately something the weak-bellied Representatives could not stomach. It was not her fault that they did not have the spine for the tough decisions she had needed to make. It had proved to her that the Dominion was the true heir to the galaxy, that Vang and Gallitene had been right in their vision, that the people of the galaxy needed to strongly governed, if only to save them from their own weaknesses.
With Weststar running the administrative side and her the military, she could easily imagine a time where the Dominion would consume the weakened Commonwealth and once again dominate the galaxy. Perhaps even the Aneev and The Wilds would be absorbed into the Dominion, making the New Dominion encompass a larger area of the galaxy than it had even under Gallitene’s rule. That thought brought a smile to her face.
Vang would be proud of her, finally.
“Admiral Adami,” called a young Lieutenant, manning on of the sensor stations down in the pits below the observation deck. She turned and frowned at him. It was highly irregular for any officer to call out to a superior. If it was for a trivial matter then he would be severely reprimanded. She walked over and stared down at him.
“I’m sorry, Admiral, but I thought you would want to know immediately - we are detecting large hyperspace distortions approaching the system. The ships will be here imminently.”
So, mused Adami. Imperial reinforcements. It will be interesting to see how effective Weststar has been at gathering support from the other Doyens. If he has not been as successful as his boasting would indicate then things were about to get much tougher.
“Thank you, Lieutenant Bromph. Your mindfulness is appreciated.” She turned to Captain Domovero. “Draw the fleet into a more defensive position but still focus on the shield breach. Our efforts there must be successful.”
The young Captain Domovero clicked his heels together. “At once, Admiral.”
She smiled again as the Captain rushed off. Her fleet was of the finest order. Yes, indeed, though her smile faltered slightly as she thought of the Zhur Thoggu technology her ships relied on. A necessary evil, she assured herself. Once Weststar was ruler and she, Fleet Admiral, she would order the ships to be reverted back to original and have their technology destroyed entirely.
Just like the Zhur Thoggu in Weststar’s decrepit ships. According to her latest reports, they should be arriving at the old Nushothi star cluster shortly. It amused her that the fools would be meeting their doom whilst she claimed her future.
Chapter Fifteen
 
“Far be it for me to berate a pair of legendary Edo Mushur but we have incoming,” said Lee over the comms channel, sounding as calm as ever to Raif. “Lots of incoming. We’ll do the best we can to hold them off.”
“Affirmative, Lee. Don’t get all heroic on me though, we all need to get through this in one piece.”
“Don’t worry,” replied Gaspara. “I’ll sacrifice Shawn long before I ever get into trouble.”
“Charming,” drawled Moller. “Why is it always me that has to hang back and draw fire? Why can’t I take the glory just once?”
“No point,” laughed Dang. “No one would believe it even if it were true.”
Raif smiled, even as he and Nate Shepherd took another strafing run at the boxy ship that had so easily breached the planetary shield. Unlike all the other modified ships in the invading fleet, the ship had zero offensive capabilities. It seemed incapable of projecting its N-spheres at any significant distance and carried no lasers or plasma cannons. Unfortunately for the Edo its defensive abilities were prodigious. The few laser bolts that made it past its many and powerful N-spheres did nothing but ablate some small part of the Ulorbana nanite steel. Raif had a sinking feeling that it was going to take more than a pair of Nebula fighters to defeat it. Having the Gladiator’s believe that he and Shepherd could do the impossible made him feel desperate. He had to fight back against feelings of frustration.
“Nate, any bright ideas?” asked Raif over their private comms channel.
There was a telling delay before the other aging Edo replied. “Thinking,” was all he said.
“Think fast.” They banked steeply and sent another flurry of randomized laser bolts at the ship, to the same effect as before. The ship began to slow as it approached the shimmering shield that encased the city of Disthasus.
He felt someone brush his mind, with power he rarely felt. There was a tinge, a shadow to the other’s thoughts that told Ko exactly who it was. Val Nordin was here. He scanned his screens and found the trio of green dots mingling with the more numerous red dots that were still streaming down through the holed planetary shield.
He tapped on the screen, isolating the ships. “Chirper,” he said to his X4 robot, “get me a secure channel to those vessels.” Chirper beeped in response and then more positively, indicating a channel was open.
“Open up the channel to the others please, Chirper. Val, that you?”
“None other, Raif. We’re on our way, and taking out as many as we can on the way.”
“Thank you but your timing sucks. I don’t think we’ll be here when you arrive,” said Raif sadly.
“What?” said Nordin, clearly angered. “You have to prevent the shield from being breached Raif, or Disthasus will fall.”
“Mushur Nordin, August Durante. We’re vastly outnumbered, despite your efforts. We must disengage. As an ex-Imperial I can tell you that the Dominion will still be here tomorrow. We will get another chance, I promise you.”
“No,” raged Nordin. “You will fight until I tell you otherwise! Maintain your position.”
There was a pause as the Gladiators and the Edo were shocked into silence. Finally Lee Gaspara answered. “Disengage, disengage. Come to heading 230 point four and engage stealth systems. Sorry, Mushur Nordin.”
“No! I forbid it, I will make - “
“Val, don’t. It’s over, we’ve lost the battle but not the war,” said Shepherd.
“Listen to them, Mushur, we did what we could,” said another voice over the comm. It sounded like Senoch Gray but Raif couldn’t be sure.
Raif held his breath, worried that he would have to try and use his mind-altering expertise on the far stronger Edo if the mad Edo Mushur tried to dominate them.
 
We are here, sent the Darkening Horizon, as it slipped from hyperspace, its control of its engines so acute that Thea Leilani would never have noticed the reversion had the Darkening Horizon not told her. Leilani had had the destroyer fitted with an advanced robot brain and a neural interface so that it could communicate with her at a neural level.
Crouched low, she had been performing Astral weapon training drills. Sweat glistened on her porcelain skin, her body still as taut and lithe as ever despite all the time she had put into her trading empire. It paid in more ways than one to keep her form just so. Her beauty alone had gained her many recent acquisitions. Men were so easily controlled when lustful. Combined with her Channeling abilities, few could hope to oppose her, and those that did soon fell. She thought briefly of those who had and inevitably that meant she thought of the Edo Askari Jake Bulver, who she had fallen in love with whilst trying to infiltrate the Edo sect.
Looking back, she couldn’t understand why she had allowed herself such a dangerous luxury. Their beliefs opposed hers almost completely. She had become exiled from the Skave partly due to Bulver and still they hunted her. Indeed, she had sought to become wealthy so that she could gather the resources she needed to oppose them. It was ironic that she had ended up on the same side as the Edo, even if they couldn’t appreciate that.
She knew that Jake had been chasing her ever since her betrayal. She had spent occasions leading him around the galaxy, always just out of reach. Logically it paid to have Bulver led on a merry chase so that he would not interfere in her efforts but she did not lie to herself so much that she could not acknowledge another reason - she just liked to know where he was, and that he still searched for her.
Thea regretted few things but she did regret breaking Jake’s heart. She’d known he had fallen for her and she had truly tried to be what he had wanted. It had been a nice dream, but that was all it could ever have been. Now he only cared about seeing her pay for her crimes against him and the Edo. It hurt, since he was the only person in the galaxy she had any feelings for, but there was little she could do about it. She had made her choices and now had to deal with them, which, as far as she was concerned, she had made the best of.
Already, she was perhaps one of the richest individuals in the galaxy. Thea had used a significant portion of her new income to procure a fleet, and it grew larger by the week. Capital class vessels were difficult to come by, but just recently she had acquired three old heavy cruisers. She knew that the Skave would be continuing their efforts to build their own armada and that they didn’t have to rely on the black market for their new acquisitions. She could never hope to defeat them in battle, just do enough to put them off from ever mounting their own assault.
Diverting some of her new ships to this region of space did expose her operation to greater risk should the Skave find her and launch an assault, but she thought the risk in allowing the Zhur Thoggu to establish another foothold in the galaxy was far worse. She hoped that they would not be needed, and since she knew of the strength of the Ballavendi fleet she thought it would be unlikely that they would. Better to be safe than sorry.
The battle begins, thought the Darkening Horizon.
Show me.
The Darkening Horizon linked her to its sensors and the galaxy bloomed around her. She saw the two gathering groups of starships, large and small beginning to merge as their small ships met in vicious combat. The Ballavendi fleet flew in their Termigaunt fighter bombers, Warrior assault fighters and the Rillek advanced fighter covered in Minax composite steel. Against them were hordes of Mark 2 Delta air superiority fighters, along with a few of the advanced Mark 3 and Mark 4 Delta fighters. The capital class ships, ranging from carrier-cruisers to the older class-I hellfire class Battleships attacked with simple range-finding shots whilst the fighters clashed.
Delta fighter after Delta fighter met their doom as Thea watched with satisfaction. As she’d hoped, she didn’t think her ships would be needed.
More vessels approach, thought the Darkening Horizon simply, highlighting to her their hyperspace distortions. They were not hers. Then whose?
The ships entered real space near to the Imperial / Zhur Thoggu fleet and immediately joined in the fight, flanking and disrupting the Ballavenda offense. The ships were a hodgepodge of designs and the fighters they launched were as big a mishmash of shapes. Thea knew they were called junkers and were born from spare parts recycled from old damaged fighters. Still, they seemed effective and quickly the tide began to turn against the Ballavendi.
Leilani fingered her comms device. “Captain T’vani, please assist the Ballavenda fleet.”
“At once, Lady Leilani,” croaked the Captain’s husky voice in response.
She watched as her small fleet joined in the action. The Ballavendi knew of her reinforcements and so were ready for them to assist, moving swiftly so that her ships could bolster their flank. Still, she watched with dismay as one of the three Ballavenda galaxy-class Battleships broke apart in explosively spectacular fashion, taking a slow moving Matador corvette along with it.
She continued to watch as the battle unfolded. Through the Astral plane she felt the agonies of death as thousands of Ballavendi gave their lives in battle. It disturbed her to feel nothing as the Zhur Thoggu died. One of their ships would explode and she only felt the deaths of the poor unfortunately humans still required to make them run. To be so disconnected from the Astrals was wrong. It reinforced her decision to help eradicate them for good. They did not belong in this galaxy, her galaxy.
It seems that the Zhur Thoggu have been underestimated, said the Darkening Horizon.
Yes, much like we were, she replied, trying to generate some mirth to combat the depression threatening to envelop her as the battle proceeded very much against her desires.
Darkening Horizon, could you influence the outcome of this battle if you were to engage the Zhur Thoggu?
Yes, of course. I am the Darkening Horizon.
Thea smiled, her ship did have a very healthy opinion of itself. And quite rightly. She had spent a small fortune (nothing but a drop in the ocean compared to her vast wealth, but still) upgrading the small but heavily armed cruiser. Heavily automated, it was controlled completely by the robot brain and bristled with laser cannons, plasma torpedo launchers and a ridiculously over-powered shield system. It could withstand direct bombardment from a Hellfire Battleship indefinitely.
I meant would your involvement swing the outcome towards a Ballavenda victory?
Darkening Horizon remained silent. Thought not. Oh well. As they say, discretion is the better part of valor.
“Captain T’vani, please indicate to the Ballavendi that my forces are to retreat. Have our ships disengage and return to location gamma. The Thoggu may have won today but they will hear from us again.”
“My lady,” came the reply.
Acquiring a fleet powerful enough to defeat the Zhur Thoggu would take too long - by the time she came back they would have already used their nano technology to grow a much larger force. She would need help. Unfortunately, Thea wasn’t the most popular person in the galaxy, especially with the factions who had enough ships to be useful. The Skave would rather kill her than help her. The Commonwealth were only slightly more favorably disposed towards her than the Skave. The Dominion had its hands full and the Edo, well, even they might swing at her head on sight. If those factions were to help it would be despite her, not because of her. She would have to feed them the information on the unbottling of the Zhur Thoggu via her commercial agents. If they suspected it came from Thea they would doubt its veracity and that may risk their involvement.
She thought for a moment, then laughed.
I do not see what is so amusing, thought the Darkening Horizon.
“Oh, it’s nothing,” she said out loud. “I was just thinking about what a strange galaxy it is that we live in when the only person who you can rely on is the one you’ve hurt the most.”
 
Raichel, Riccard Brams, two of his most trusted aides and the remaining Edo ran through the Imperial Headquarters down towards the closest docking bay, a squad of shock troopers at their heel. Calista Flores and Gil looked particularly impressive as they led the group, their mirrored gowns billowing out behind them as they ran, reflecting the entire headlong rush. People soon cleared the way when they saw a pair of fearsome Imperial Defenders thundering towards them. At the bay, Brams had assured Raichel, were plenty of ships, including an Underford yacht that was heavily modified for use on official duties. It had plenty of room for them all and had considerable defensive capabilities.
As soon as they entered the large bay Raichel’s eyebrows raised. A group of Delta Mark 4’s sat in their landing stations, gleaming. How very exciting. As an ex-Gladiator, Raichel loved flying fighters and the opportunity to fly a Mark 4, the most advanced and heavily armed Delta fighter, was too great to resist.
“Jake, Gil, Calista, with me. We will fly defense. Elenore, Kaliko please join Brams and his staff on the yacht. Kaliko will pilot.”
They moved with haste. Gil and Flores flung off their gowns and helmet as they ran towards the Deltas. With barely a glance at Raichel Elenore ran up the ramp into the yacht, the Imperial Majesty, closely followed by Kaliko. Raichel saw Jake flash Kaliko a quick reassuring smile but the she missed it as she ducked into the ship. It warmed Raichel’s heart to see her cousin breaking out of his obsession over Thea Leilani. All they had to do now was somehow escape from Citadel without being captured or annihilated by Admiral Adami.
She projected confidence to the other Edo, but mainly to assure Elenore and in return she received positive touches back. Despite everything, despite their losses they still worked well as a team, and Elenore had progressed so well whilst with Raichel. Raichel hadn’t even known Elenore could physically block plasma bolts. Her heart had leapt into her throat as she watched helplessly as that woman had fired at Elenore, and Raichel had been amazed at how well prepared Elenore had been.
Raichel clambered up into the Mark 4’s cramped cockpit. Though similar to a standard Delta fighter, with its gimbal-mounted seat and huge expansive view port the Mark 4 was improved in nearly every function, and included a hyperdrive. It was faster, more maneuverable, better defended and better armed. Had these fighters been available to the Dominion to defend the first Goliath Battle Station then Raichel was confident that history would be telling a very different tale. She powered up the ship, ran through a quick diagnostic and received green lights across the board.
“Lead, ready. Gil, with me. Flores, Jake, take aft.” Clicks over the comms signaled understanding.
Raichel flicked a switch to unlock the ship’s docking cradle and then fed in power to the repulsors. The ship smoothly lifted up and she turned and throttled up, moving swiftly out of the bay and up into the sky, closely followed by Gil to her rear and starboard. She checked her passive sensors, saw there were no other ships within firing range and watched as the yacht and the other two Delta fighters left the hangar. Together they sped across the massive city, as low as they dared, directly away from section of the shield now under assault. They weaved between tall buildings, hoping to avoid detection.
It had been decided that they would not lower the shield until it was breached, just in case a miracle were to happen and it wasn’t necessary for them to flee. If and when the city shield was penetrated then the shield operators would drop the entire shield immediately afterwards, with the planetary shield being opened to allow them escape soon after. By resealing the planetary shield immediately after their escape, any of Adami’s ships that were still within the planetary shield would need to follow by going back to the original breach, if it was still open, delaying them sufficiently enough to allow Raichel and the others to leave Citadel’s gravity well and make the jump into hyperspace.
It sounded good in theory, at least, Raichel thought as they approached the city shield. They landed close by and powered down to emergency stand-by status. Now all they had to do was wait.
 
Lee Gaspara had turned to their new course, with August, Dang and Shawn Moller forming up perfectly behind him. Like the other three, he held his breath, awaiting the outcome of the argument between the powerful Edo Mushur. They were already out of visual range of their enemy and with their stealth systems engaged they were effectively out of harm’s way. If the disagreement turned sour then he would turn back and assist Raif and Nate Shepherd as best they could. It’s what they would have done for him.
“Gray, do not question me ever again,” growled Val Nordin, his anger clear to everyone over the comms channel. “Ko, this is - “
Static screamed through Lee’s comms channel, quickly filtered down by his robot.
“Nordin’s hit,” cried another voice, one Lee didn’t recognize. “Lower port wing is gone. He seems unconscious. The ship is in an uncontrolled spin. Attempting… to… assist…”
“Gladiators, they need our assistance,” said Lee, flipping over onto his starboard s-foil and executing a rolling turn to bring him about. The other pilots copied his maneuver perfectly.
Lee watched on his screen as the other Nebula fighters drew in closely to the spinning fighter. Its spinning slowed until finally it was aligned with the others, who had closed up enough to provide support through overlapping shields, which were taking a battering from the surrounding enemy fighters.
“Gladiators, identify you chosen targets. Let’s reduce the heat, shall we?”
“Aye, aye, General,” came Shawn’s response.
Enemy ships lit up across his screen as the others highlighted their targets.
“Torpedoes, fire.”
Four plasma torpedoes bloomed ahead of their Nebula fighters as if mocking their speed and quickly each torpedo found their mark, either through detonating early if sensing a N-sphere ahead of it or upon impact. Four of the ugly Delta bombers disintegrated satisfyingly.
They streaked in, hot on the heels of their deadly torpedoes and strafed across the enemy fighters, August scoring a kill.
“This is Lee Gaspara, we are coming around for another run, hold in there gentlemen.”
“Lee, Dical Dimerchi, Edo Askari. Thank you but please, check your scanners, you need to get out of here, now.”
Lee frowned. Was this more Edo arrogance?
“Copy that, Dimerchi,” commed Dang, “but that’s not our style. Either we all make it or none of us do.”
Lee checked his scanners to see that another large number of Imperial vessels, standard Imperial ships, had jumped into the system. His X4 unit had already marked them as enemies, and he could see by the positions that they were moving into why. They were supporting the invading fleet. No doubt about it, this was a coup, and an imminently successful one at that.
After a short pause Dimerchi replied. “Thanks, Gladiators. We’re heading back up to the breach, cover would be appreciated.”
“You got it,” said Lee. “Just hurry - the shield is reforming.”
The Gladiators completed their turn and came back towards the Edo and their surrounding gaggle of bumpy fighters. There were still fifteen ships remaining, and the Edo were taking a battering. Four against fifteen? Those were the sort of odds Lee liked. He didn’t think that they were going to make it to the planetary shield before it re-established itself, but they would cross that hyperspace lane when they got to it. For now, saving a few Edo was all he had time to think about.
Chapter Sixteen
 
Jake sat in his sparkling new Mark 4 Delta, eyes glued to his scanners. Watching the battle unfold was frustrating. Channeling, he could feel other Edo out there, fighting for their lives. He could sense thousands of lives being snuffed out and here he was, stuck within the Disthasus city shield, hoping to escape rather than enter the fight when the shield finally fell.
He knew that his job was to ensure the safety of Riccard Brams and the rest of the party, but he yearned to be up there, taking the fight to Admiral Adami. That woman had done more than enough damage throughout the galaxy already. She had ordered many atrocities during her time as an Admiral. She needed to be stopped.
Luckily for Adami, he had a job to do, and he needed to do it well. Not just to save Brams, but also to increase the chances of helping his cousins, Kaliko, Calista Flores and Gil escape. They had lost enough Edo already. If, when the shields came down, he went and fought and any of them died then he knew he’d never be able to live with himself. He knew that Michael Silverdell lived daily with the weight of lives lost due to decisions he’d made, and Jake knew what that had cost the man. No, he knew his duty. And also, he was wanted to stay near Kaliko.
“Shield breach looks imminent,” said Raichel over the comm. “Bring systems up to full readiness, stay sharp.”
Jake flicked switches and brought his fighter to full power, engaging shields and transferring energy to weapons, charging up his lasers. Even if they were going to try and escape directly it wouldn’t hurt to be ready in case the opportunity came to eliminate a few enemy craft at the same time.
He reached out and touched Kaliko Savina’s mind, receiving warm, reassuring reciprocation from her. He knew she would be as concerned with his survival as he with hers, and for a moment that understanding caused a wave of tingles to dance delightfully over his skin.
“Shield breached,” called Raichel. “Shield should be disengaged momentarily. As soon as it’s down resume previous formation and head for the planetary shield at full speed. Ok, it’s down. Go!”
Jake Bulver waited a moment and then applied power to the repulsors and the twin ion engines. The Delta leapt up into the sky and shot forwards with its famous howl piercing the night sky. He caught up with Calista Flores and dropped into formation off her port side. Ahead flew Raichel and Gil, with the yacht between the two pairs, holding its precious cargo.
The five ships climbed and climbed, engines pushing them ever forwards, defying the hungry pull of the planet below. As they approached the planetary shield Jake hoped that the operators of the shield were still loyal to Riccard Brams. With the defending fleet now clearly playing only for time it was a worry that the Imperial officers would switch sides, hoping to gain favor with their soon to be new rulers.
 
The young Lieutenant Bromph walked as quickly along the observation deck toward her as quickly as decorum allowed. He snapped to attention. “Admiral Adami,” he said, his voice betraying his excitement and nerves.
She turned towards him, gave him a look that lesser officers could not face without looking away. Though no longer as sharply beautiful as she had once been, when her looks and tenacity had won a special place for her with Fleet Admiral Vang, she still possessed a haughty look. Though her hair was now almost completely gray and her face wrinkled and scarred, she still maintained a trim physique which also kept her face finely featured enough so as to still intimidate when she wished to.
“What is it, Lieutenant?”
“Admiral, sensors had detected a small number of ships attempting to escape from Citadel, from Disthasus. They were waiting to escape from within the city shield as soon as it dropped. There are many ships preparing to flee all over the planet but none were so well coordinated.”
Adami’s eyes narrowed. “Brams. Well done, Lieutenant. Bring assault group delta around and intercept those ships. Brams must not escape. Do you understand?”
The Lieutenant clicked his heels together. “Understood, Admiral.” He span around and marched off, almost quicker than before.
The battle for Citadel was going well. Weststar had played his part beautifully with the ships so far coming to aid Citadel coming from Doyen sectors allied with Weststar and hence fighting with Adami, not against her. With each passing moment the fight swung more and more towards victory for her. The only possible spanner in the works would be if Brams were able to escape. This could not happen, it would be prevented. One way or another. His death would not be politically well-received but it would be preferable to his escape. Weststar had made it perfectly clear what he wanted, and with her being close enough to taste her return to the Dominion, she wasn’t about to let him down now.
 
Elenore Frost couldn’t help wriggling as she sat upon the co-pilot seat, looking out at the shimmering planetary shield that seemed close enough to touch.
“Why hasn’t the shield dropped yet?” she asked for the umpteenth time, despite knowing that Kaliko Savina, Edo Askari, didn’t know. Kaliko, poised ready to apply full power to the yacht's engines, ignored her completely.
I’m being annoying, thought Elenore. I should be doing what I can to help, not give in to my frustrations and potentially distract the beautiful blond Edo sat in the pilot’s chair. Elenore thought Kaliko was stunningly captivating, even being used to Grazan levels of physical perfection as she was. There was something about her that was so vital that it made the vacuous Grazan royalty seem like caricatures, nothing but skin-deep appeal. Kaliko on the other hand, well, she exuded capability - capability to mesmerize with her looks, or defeat a platoon of foe single-handedly, or win the heart of any man she set her mind too. Elenore didn’t think there was anything that Kaliko couldn’t do. Elenore desperately wanted to be more like Kaliko.
Whilst Raichel was also beautiful and powerful, to Elenore she seemed at times to feel the weight of the galaxy upon her shoulders. Being a Blake, being an Edo Mushur seemed too much for Raichel at times. Kaliko had none of those burdens, or at least acted as though unencumbered by such things. Elenore resolved that even when she was Queen she would act more like Kaliko than like Raichel. After all, she had people like Raichel to support her, and with her own improving abilities, why worry.
Even now, with the shield still not down, she was not truly frightened. She was surrounded by some of the most powerful Edo in the galaxy. Yes, the shield was frustrating her but underlying it all she couldn’t help but admit what fun she had had since becoming Raichel’s Neophyte. She’d even received an assassination attempt all the way out here. Exciting! And the looks on everyone’s faces when she’d blocked the blasts. Priceless. She was going to have so many stories to tell her mother when she returned to Graz.
“Oh, thank the Astrals,” said Kaliko. “Shield destabilizing.”
“At last,” said Elenore, jubilantly. “I was going to gather some air around me in a bubble, go extra-vehicular and put a hole in it myself.”
Kaliko turned towards Elenore and feigned approval. “That can still be arranged,” she said. Elenore poked her tongue out at Kaliko.
“Shield is down, but we have a problem,” came Raichel’s voice over the comm. “It seems that we have been spotted.”
Elenore checked the scopes. A group of four Ulorbana-covered Battleships and their escort vessels had positioned themselves above them, covering all the most direct escape vectors. Fighters began to boil down towards them, as well fighters from down below, but from way over the horizon, in the direction of the original shield breach.
Kaliko looked over at Elenore. “Things are about to get a little bit tricky.”
Elenore beamed. “For them, you mean.”
Chapter Seventeen
 
Stood in the very heart of the Cursed Dead of the Bogdasinni, the eerily colorless graveyard that was a powerful nexus point for the Deep, Val Nordin felt the Astrals flowing into him. More power bristled within his body than ever before. The pathetic, so-called Edo Mushur, Michael Silverdell, had no understanding at all of the capabilities of the Deep. He would show Silverdell just how weak he was, what a fool he was for not making full use of the Astral plane. Perhaps Silverdell was not as favored by the Astrals as Val. Perhaps he could not resist the corrupting effects of the Deep. Silverdell did not deserve to lead the Edo, not when Val was so much mightier. He would teach those worthy how to Channel from both the High and the Deep and together they would lead the galaxy to an era of peace never before seen.
Using just a tiny amount of his power, Nordin entered into the Astral plane. To do so he used a technique few Edo or Skave had mastered and fewer still ever used.
Something like déjà vu tugged at his mind, he’d done this before. He was somehow reliving these steps. No matter. He would find Adil Necron’s ethereal Astral form and destroy him for good. Necron had been interfering with his search for the Verdant Cube, a long lost Edo artifact and his meddling could be allowed any longer.
The Astral plane was a strange dimension, filled with a swirling fog-like medium that reduced visibility to an arm’s reach and also resisted against movement so that it felt like you were moving through water. Worrisome shapes flitted about in the fog, just beyond view. Val had learned to ignore them long ago – it was the things that came out of the fog that you had to worry about.
He brought to mind Necron, formed his shape, his essense and then, using Deep energy he began to summon him, to draw the being to him, rather than hunt him down.
Nordin was pleased. No other Edo would be capable of such a feat. Truly all would respect him, or fear him, if he wished. He would deal with Adil Necron, and then he would gain Michael Silverdell’s fealty, or destroy him too. With a flash of insight Nordin realized that both Necron and Silverdell were weak because they only used one side of the Astral plane. This left them like cripples, unwilling or unable to balance themselves by accepting both the High and the Deep. He would show them that all Channeling was not to be feared when used as it should, that by not dwelling on one side only you could fulfil your potential and avoid the pitfalls that following only one side led to. Focusing solely on the Deep led to corruption and greed, whilst using only the High side led to arrogance, conceit and pride. The Astral plane was balanced by both sides, and so was the Channeler capable enough to use both.
He felt Necron fight to resist his call. Nordin frowned. Though he was alone he felt the presence of others, Edo, very close by. Here? Only he had the power and the ambition to step into the Astral plane.They seemed to be calling to him. He grew angry. Were they trying to stop him from destroying Necon? Why? He spun around but could see nor feel anyone nearby. He concentrated harder Channeling Deeper.
The voices came again, whispering words too faint to hear clearly. Their whispering sounded urgent. No! He would not be stopped. Holding his arms out to his sides, he sent waves of red Astral lightning cascading away from him in all directions. The lightning swaggered brutishly all around him, for hundreds of meters in every direction. His eyes blazed red. The sound from such colossal energy output seemed to cleave the plane in two. He grinned savagely, for none could oppose the might of Val Nordin. He was not Edo, nor Skave. He was both, Edo and Skave, combined synergistically into an entity many times more powerful than either part alone.
He let the lightning dwindle away. His hands pulsed painfully from his efforts and with the merest of effort he used the High Astral energy to replenish himself. It helped to calm his mind and the voices grew clearer, more insistent. He could make out some words.
“Val… up… must…”
He strained harder, determined that nothing would deny his will.
“Mushur, hear me. You must awaken.”
The voice sounded familiar, but Nordin couldn’t quite place it, which annoyed him. Awaken? He was already awake. Angry, he used Channeled furiously to shout back at the voice.
“Who are you? Leave me be or face my wrath!”
“Mushur Nordin, it is I, Dical Dimerchi, one of your new Paladins. You are unconscious. I am reaching you via the Astrals. You must wake up!”
Nordin screwed his face up. What was this deception? Yet the name was familiar, as was the term the Paladins. He looked about him. It seemed so real. How could he be dreaming?
“Why must I wake up?”
“Your Nebula fighter was hit, knocking you out. We are protecting you but our shields are failing. Wake up!”
What Dimerchi said rang true but he had no recollection of being in a Nebula fighter. He considered. If he was dreaming then he should be able to direct his dream, once aware. Memories came to him of events that were somehow in the future. Some of them terrible.
He felt Necron draw near and then he emerged from the mist, tall and dark and savage. Val lifted his arms to unleash his lightning but Necron was on him, grasping his arms, burning them where he held them. Necron’s face was a void with no ending but as it loomed over Val Necron screamed.
 “Wake up, or die!”
 
Raichel Ison looked out of her Delta Mark 4’s multifaceted cockpit viewport and watched the swarm of fighters swarming down from the group of Battleships above them. It was not a pleasant sight. She chinned her comms device.
 “Riccard, I need you to broadcast a message to the home fleet. Ask them to divert what they can to assist us - we need all the help we can get.”
“Leave it to me, Raichel,” he replied, crackling with heavy interference due to the battle waging around the planet.
Her Mark 4 Delta was a formidable fighter, with its armament of six laser cannons and two plasma torpedo launchers. It was also very fast and agile, being thirty percent faster than a standard Delta fighter. The ship also had capital class shield generators to defend it from energy attacks and its hull and wings were very tough, protecting it from matter impacts. One on one it was a match for almost any other single fighter in the galaxy. Unfortunately for Raichel and her group, they only had four of them, and she couldn’t count the number of the quasi-Zhur Thoggu Delta fighters that were inbound. Also, whilst Brams’ yacht was very well defended it was not particularly agile or fast and so it would be a sitting Muundon against the onslaught.
She had no choice.
“Everyone, back down to the planet. We’re going to make this as difficult as we can for them until help arrives.” If it arrives. “Tighten formation around the yacht.”
Clicks and a quick Aye-aye from Kaliko came in reply and Raichel rolled her agile ship over onto its starboard side before peeling away down back towards Disthasus.
“Under fire,” said Jake Bulver over the comms.
“Copy that,” Raichel replied, “divert weapons to rear shields and don’t forget to expand your shield inertial compensators once they get in close enough to use their Queylam, or whatever it is they have that is generating the N-spheres against us.”
A Delta fighter roared past, strafing the yacht as it went. Its hull was encrusted with Ulorbana nanite steel, though its swept-forward wings were standard, presumably because the Ulorbana would have affected their performance in non-vacuum situations. It broke to port to begin angling round for another run. Raichel had to resist the temptation to break formation and go after the fighter. Being where she was, overlapping their shields with Brams’ yacht, was the best defense they had until the made it down to the city. Even then, with the yacht poor maneuverability they could not hope to shake off their attackers, merely position themselves close to building to block as many angles of attack as they could, to extend the time they could protect the yacht. It was a dangerous game they were playing, but Raichel couldn’t see any other option.
They approached Disthasus with more and more enemy craft sniping at them. Even out front with Gil, Raichel’s shield were taking a pummeling.
“Shields are nearly down,” commented Calista Flores grimly.
“Copy, Calista. You and Jake take lead, Gil and I will drop back to cover.”
“Thanks, Raichel,” replied Flores gratefully.
“Any news on your reinforcements, Riccard,” asked Raichel as her ship bucked violently from a particularly accurate shot. “If they’re much longer then they might as well not bother.”
“Sorry, Raichel, I haven’t had any confirmations of assistance. I think they have their hands full.”
Raichel slapped at her thigh, frustrated. If they weren’t going to get any assistance then they had to come up with a new plan, and quickly. Problem was she couldn’t think of anything. If they headed straight for space then either their shields wouldn’t last or the flotilla of ships above would make orange dumplings out of them. If they stayed here then eventually their shields would give way. Things seemed desperate.
“Blast it,” swore Gil, “shields are almost out. I’m diverting all power to shields, dropping speed.”
“Hold it together Gil,” she urged.
Using the Astrals, she sent out a plea for help to all who could hear her. Help us.
 
Doyen Amos Weststar sat in the ready room of his Disthasus residency, watching the battle unfurl on his TACCOM screens. He was feeling uncommonly satisfied. He took a slow, leisurely and indulgent sip of his brandy and basked in his own glory. Disthasus’s shields were down and once the cowardly and soon to be ex-High Doyen was dealt with the process to assume control of the Dominion would begin.
He’d already been in communication with his many supporting Doyens, either personally or via his aides, and everything was set. He had been very happy to see the ships sent by the Doyens side with Adami rather than Brams, confirming the support he had from the Dominion’s upper echelon. How his fortunes had turned around since his and Adami’s defeat at the hands of Jase Ison. He would so enjoy seeing the look on the face of Ison when he informed him of his wife’s untimely demise.
Brams and his pet Edo were flying above him right now, hounded by Adami’s ships. It did not look good for them. What a shame, he thought, smiling beatifically.
Weststar hadn’t heard from Doyen Niettha since their last confrontation. He wasn’t sure whether that was a good thing or bad. It pleased him how little he and Adami had needed to rely on Niettha’s support during the assault - it looked as though his vessels wouldn’t be needed at all. A most enjoyable result, indeed. Once he was ruling the Dominion he would need to have a quiet conversation with Petrina regarding their volatile accomplice. Perhaps Niettha’s usefulness was at an end, and given the Doyen’s attempts to affirm dominance over him it was none too soon. Even if Weststar didn’t have any pet Edo he did have plenty of credits, enough to pay for a hundred bounty hunters. Perhaps even Slaven Kan himself.
He took another sip of his drink. Emperor Weststar. It sounded so delightful.
 
Edo Mushur Val Nordin jerked awake, the vision of his brother transforming into the Astral entity Hastuthu leaving him with a pounding heart. The left side of his forehead hurt and the vision out of his left eye was blurred. He ran through a quick Edo calming technique as his orange X4 unit, detecting his return to consciousness, squawked and tooted at him.
“Yes, yes. I’m awake,” Val grunted, guessing at what the robot was saying. He pressed his comms device. “Anyone reading me?”
“Val! It’s Dical. Senoch and I are shielding you whilst the Gladiators try and defend us but we need to get moving, our shields are barely holding. Is your ship maneuverable?”
“One moment.” Nordin checked his status board and noticed with some alarm that engine three was red, along with laser three and the port plasma torpedo launcher. Engine four seemed to be damaged but holding at seventy four percent efficiency. He quickly ramped the other two engines down to match that one in order to keep his Nebula fighter maneuverable.
“My wings are clipped but I can move. Please tell me you got the one that shot me?”
“Confirmed kill by Lee Gaspara,” replied Senoch Gray, still sounding calm and dutiful.
“Glad you’re back with us, Val, and you’re welcome,” said Lee. “Now can we get out of here, it’s way past my bedtime.”
“Please don’t make me read you a bedtime story again,” said Shawn Moller.
Val gingerly fed power into the engines and took off, immediately going into random evasive rolling and twisting acrobatics. His two Edo wingmen kept up easily but their antics did help keep them from being hit as Lee and his pilots continued their efforts to keep the enemy fighters off them.
Val checked his scanners and found that the planetary shield was down, as was the Disthasus one, noting that they must have dropped while he was unconscious. Given the state of his ship, he deliberated over the need to withdraw. The fleet battle looked decidedly one-sided, with the home fleet drawing closer and closer together as they took further loses. Three of the home fleet Battleships were out of action and more than half of those remaining had taken significant damage. It looked unlikely that a group of Nebula fighter would be able to make much difference to the outcome.
“Val, we need to go, our luck is only going to hold out so long,” said Raif Ko over the comms.
Being ordered around by Ko irritated him. Who was he to tell me what to do? The man couldn’t even lift a pebble through Channeling.
Val chinned him comms button. “Negative, we do what we can until we’re either we’re dead, or they’re dead.”
“Mushur Nordin,” began Shepherd, but then broke off as they all felt the call sent out by Raichel Ison. Val checked his scanners and then felt out towards the small group of ships that seemed to be the origin point of the call. He felt their Astral sensitivity and the familiar feel of Raichel’s mind.
“Gladiators, we just had received a plea for assistance from Raichel Ison, I’ll ID their ships now. Let’s move.” Val finished marking up Raichel’s ships and then tipped his Nebula over onto its starboard wings and then peeled away, bringing him on a direct course towards Raichel. His two wingmen matched his maneuver as Lee and the others followed as best as they could.
“I’m trying to establish direct ship to ship comms,” said Senoch Gray.
Val could see Raichel’s problem. They were vastly outnumbered and seemed to be escorting a pleasure yacht of some kind, presumably with someone important in it. That important someone would almost definitely be Riccard Brams, trying to escape the invasion. They had sensibly taken to using the cityscape as an extra defense but they would need to pull something pretty special out of the bag if they were going to be able to survive.
“Communications established, patching through to group comms,” said Gray.
“Val?” came Raichel’s strained voice.
“We’re here Raichel, a whole team of Edo and Gladiators to save your hide. We’re on our way.”
“Thank you,” she said, “but even if we can deal with the fighters we’re still trapped by the Battleships overhead.”
He looked again at his scanners. She was right. There were enough ships for them to be positioned high enough to both cover every direction and also to reposition quickly enough should the try to fly to another part of the planet. They’d have to fight their way through, but the yacht just wasn’t quick enough to be able to dodge direct fire from Battleships. They would be able to destroy the ship easily.
“Leave them to me. Do not hesitate once Ko and the others are with you, take the most direct route and escape.”
“What are you going to do, Val?” asked Raichel, obviously concerned.
“What needs to be done,” he said. Val changed comms channel back to the one for his flight and the Gladiators.
“Dimerchi, Gray, with me. Ko, Shepherd, Lee, continue on and assist Mushur Ison. I would only slow you all down, anyway.”
“Mushur Nordin,” warned Nate Shepherd.
“Save it, Shepherd,” said Nordin, becoming irritated again. “We don’t have time to debate this - we’re not in a Conclave meeting now.”
Nordin broke to port and realigned his Nebula fighter until it was pointing up and away from the planet, bringing the battle into view, to starboard. From this distance, the torrents of laser fire and streams of superheated plasma tore across space were tiny thin beads coming from small star-like ships that glinted with reflected light or blossomed with explosions. Nordin could feel how fearful the military men were on both sides, and how determined each were. It was a shame each faction was fighting the other, together they would have been a formidable foe for any other civilization in the galaxy. Instead they continued to pound away at each other, with the Zhur Thoggu technology of the invading side continuing to win the war of attrition. Their Ulorbana nanite steel boosted defenses enabled them to soak up so much more damage than the Imperial home fleet ships could.
Ahead of him were the group of ships tasked with dealing with Brams. Four enormous but misshapen Hellfire class-IV Battleships waited overhead, with two dozen various cruiser size and smaller escort craft spread out around them. Their fighters were already down on the planet, with only a single wing of standard Delta fighters left to defend the Battleships from fighter attack. It was clear that they wanted Brams captured or worse very dearly indeed.
What you want isn’t always what you get, thought Nordin bitterly. He thought again of his brother, and of his parents, all of them now dead because of the Dominion. He opened himself to the Astral plane, Channeled with the Deep, and directed his mind out towards the awaiting Battleships.
Chapter Eighteen
 
Tomasa Iwu sat waiting within the large reception room of the Premier’s Suite, high up in the Council Building. Premier Carver had already kept him waiting for over half an hour, and the flurry of alarmed-looking government workers streaming in and out of the inner offices was hardly abating. He pretended to look at the ornate tapestries that lined the walls of the room but knew he wasn’t fooling anyone. To her credit, the attractive yellow-skinned Dromulgurchin receptionist who sat behind her impressively ornate desk kept apologizing for keeping him and the three other appointees waiting. One of them, a Pemapaani with yellow flecked black fur, huffed and puffed angrily, clearly displeased with being made to wait. Clearly something serious had occurred, so Iwu remained calm and worked on what he would say to Olsen Carver.
A short while later the receptionist ushered him through the grand double doors and then another assistant escorted Tomasa through to The Chief’s office. Carver was waiting just inside the door and took Iwu’s hand as he entered.
“Mister Iwu, please accept my apologies for keeping you waiting.” Carver looked genuinely sorry. Dressed in one of his de facto bland suits Carver hardly looked capable of running as large a republic as the Commonwealth but Iwu knew that from an economic standpoint the Commonwealth was rapidly improving under his governorship.
‘Absolutely not a problem, Premier. I am grateful to you for having agreed to meet me. Has something happened that I should be aware of?”
Carver paused, considering. One of his hands moved to his moustache briefly. “I guess it will become public knowledge soon enough. There has been an attack against the Imperial Dominion. Some of our contacts on Citadel were able to get word out before communications were lost. If reports are to be believed the attacking ships were equipped with Zhur Thoggu technology.”
Tomasa was momentarily lost for words. No wonder the delay and general chaos. A hundred questions leapt to mind, all no doubt already pondered by Carver and his staff.
“I see. I will try and make this short then.”
Olsen smiled, “I appreciate that, Mister Iwu.”
Iwu tried to regain his composure. “I would dearly like you to be a witness for the defense in Mushur Okarachebe’s trial.”
The Premier shook his head sadly. “I suspected that you would ask me that. As you might imagine, I have trouble getting to sleep some nights. Not least of my many concerns that keep me awake is Mushur Okarachebe’s trial. We both know that it is a travesty. I am all too aware of the part the Edo have played in building and defending the Commonwealth, from the very start until now and no doubt in the future too, regardless of the outcome of the trial. I have considered my answer to your question at length, and battled against the answer that I am obliged to give. I would argue so strongly for her innocence, Mister Iwu, but I cannot be seen to side openly with the Edo, not whilst I want to continue to work from within this government and make what difference I can. I am sorry, Tomasa.”
It was as polite and genuine a rejection as Iwu could have hoped to receive. He had suspected that Carver would say no but he had to ask. And he still had to apply what psychological pressure he could.
“I understand,” said Iwu. “You are in a very difficult position. The needs of the many must always come before the needs of the few, or the one. I appreciate what you have done for the Grand Mushur and what you continue to do. I know that even if she is executed, it will not be despite your efforts, not because of them.”
Carver winced in reply, a hand snaking back to his moustache. “I hope it does not come to that, Mister Iwu,” he said.
“Let’s hope. Thank you again for seeing me, Premier. I will not keep you any longer - there is a very disgruntled Pemapaani waiting for you outside.” They turned and began to walk to the door.
“Ah,” said Olsen Carver. “Mister Othwai’thu. Always a pleasure. No doubt he will remind me at length as to the sacrifices the Pemapaani people have made.”
Iwu laughed. “I think they need to increase their success versus sacrifice ratio.”
 
“Here they come,” cried Elenore Frost excitedly. A group of black Nebula shot past, coherent beams of photons pouring out from their laser cannons set in single-tip firing mode at a trio of encrusted Mark 3 Delta fighters. Kaliko Savina watched as one of the enemy fighters took a flurry of hits to its port wing, spin out of control and crashed into a building.
“Okay, team,” came Raif Ko’s familiar Buderimian accented voice over the comms. “Let’s get the High Doyen to safety. Follow us up and out.”
“Affirmative, Ko,” replied Raichel Ison, “we’re right behind you.”
Kaliko saw Raichel and Flores move out into flanking positions around her yacht, giving her excellent protection all around, with Jake and Gil covering her rear. Kaliko looked over at her capable co-pilot.
“How are the shields doing, Elenore?”
“Forty percent and holding. Told you we’d make it,” grinned Elenore.
Kaliko winked at her. “Never a doubt.”
Kaliko felt a sudden Channeled call to her, just as Jake’s voice called over the comms. “Incoming missiles!” She pulled hard at the yoke as Elenore yelped at being thrown heavily against her seat restraints, despite inertial dampeners being set to ninety five percent. An actinic blue concussion missile flared past their ship, the viewport automatically dimming to protect their vision. Then they were hit. The yacht’s electronics cut out temporarily, along with anti-gravity and for a moment they sat floating in the dark as multiple alarms vied for their attention.
“Spoke too soon?” queried Elenore.
The lights and control panels blinked back into life along with the anti-gravity as auxiliary systems cut in. Kaliko wrenched at the yoke and pulled the yacht back into evasive maneuvers. “Sit rep,” she said.
“Shields down to ten percent, right engine losing efficiency.”
“Keep the engines at equal output, please Elenore,” said Kaliko, “we can’t afford to lose control or we’re dead.” Elenore nodded and focused hard on her controls.
“How are you doing in there,” asked Raichel over the comms.
“We took a hit but we’re ok. Shields have almost had it and we’re a bit slower than before.”
“Is that even possible,” moaned Shawn Moller.
“Shawn,” said Lee Gaspara. “Change of formation. They’re going to be coming at us from all angles.”
Ten fighters formed a loose sphere around them. Whilst that provided some protection it most certainly wasn’t complete. This was going to be touch and go. They continued to rise up through Citadel’s atmosphere, surrounded by enemy fighters.
Another group came soaring in from behind. Gil and Jake closed up with her and overlapped shields and the Delta fighters pummeled them with laser fire. Their shields held, again.
“Incoming,” someone called over the comms. “Break, break!”
Kaliko stamped on her etheric rudder and twisted at the yoke, trying to slew the complaining yacht around. If even one of those torpedoes hit, they’d be done for.
“Gil!” cried Raichel over the comms as Kaliko felt a nearby detonation buffet her ship. Elenore tried to stifle her own cry.
“I’m hit, going down,” said Gil, sounding calm. “I have marginal control but can’t stop the descent. Get Brams out of here - I’ll be fine.”
Elenore and Kaliko looked at each other, clear to each other what they wanted to do but distraught by knowing that they couldn’t.
“Roger, Gil,” said Raichel reluctantly. “I will be back for you, I promise.”
“Be safe, kid,” said Raif Ko.
“You got it, now go!”
The group soared out of the upper atmosphere, with the color fading from the sky above them into blackness. As the air thinned the Battleship group became more clearly focused, the look of their Ulorbana encrusted hulls not improving with the clarity gained. As they approached the assault group the sheer size of the ships began to intimidate them. Two of the giant ships began to fling early range-finding laser bolts and plasma blasts at them. At this distance there was little left in the dissipating shots by the time they crossed the void.
“Whatever that crazy man is going to do, he needs to hurry up,” said Nate Shepherd.
 
Edo Mushur Val Nordin, sat entombed within the confining, cosseting cockpit of his Nebula fighter. Eyes closed he reached out. He felt the four Battleships, their enormous dimensions and the thousands of crew onboard each ship. He moved his focus towards the lower half of the ships, below the sections populated by the crew. There, in its gigantic magnificence, lay the stardrive that powered Hellfire Battleships through hyperspace. Carefully, he followed channels and power conduits until he found the component he was looking for - the fusion generator that contained the hypercore.
Nordin knew that by destabilizing the fusion generator it would cause the hypercore to malfunction, with dramatic consequences. Unfortunately he didn’t know exactly how to destabilize the generator. So he simply used brute strength. He drew deeply upon the Astrals, and unleashed their energies at the fusion generator, battering at it with incredible kinetic energy. He felt metal twisting and tearing until piece after piece snapped or sprung loose.
He paused to regain his energy. Still the ship hung majestically in space, mocking his efforts. Raichel and the others were fast approaching the ships, he was running out of time. He grew angry and unleashed Astral energy again, furiously this time. His red eyes blazed. He tore and ripped at the fusion generator savagely, unthinkingly, consumed with desire to destroy.
Then, the Battleship, all two thousand meters in length, vanished within a huge, all-consuming explosion. Nordin yelled triumphantly. It was not the first Battleship he had destroyed single-handedly. It would not be his last. He turned his attention to the next giant wedge-shaped brobdingnagian behemoth and this time, more confidently, more disdainfully, he plunged into the ship’s fusion generator.
 
Admiral Petrina Adami had moved down to one of the scanning stations to watch the end of Brams more closely. The blond-haired NCO working the station sat stiffly as Adami and the Captain watched from over his shoulders.
Somehow the yacht and its escort, now joined by other Nebula fighters, had survived the onslaught of Adami’s swarm of Delta fighters, standard and modified. They were now leaving the planet’s upper atmosphere. As she watched one of the stolen Deltas was hit with what looked to be a fatal plasma torpedo explosion and began a slow fall back towards Citadel.
“Order the pilots to stay on the yacht,” Adami murmured, almost mesmerized as she watch the dot symbolizing Brams’ ship dodge and slip as it desperately avoided laser blasts. Captain Domovero saluted and moved off to issue her command. Despite all of its frantic movements, the yacht was still heading straight into the outstretched hand of her Battleship group. What were they hoping to achieve? Surely they knew they stood no chance?
“Enemy vessel entering effective firing range,” said a Lieutenant at the next station.
Adami smiled, victoriously. “Destroy them, Lieutenant.”
“Admiral!” cried the NCO in front of her. “Detonation. Imperial Fist just exploded. All hands lost, Admiral.”
Stunned, Adami stared at the crewman’s screen as the dot portraying the vast Battleship winked out. How? Her Captain span towards another station, the battle performance analysis platform.
“Ensign Rotolin, get me the cause of the Imperial Fist’s destruction, now!”
“Sir,” replied the Ensign, bent over his station, hands flying at the controls.
“Admiral, another detonation! The Dawn’s Light is gone! Several support craft were consumed by its annihilation.”
Silence fell across the bridge, save for the rapid tapping of keys, switches and screens. Admiral Adami watched as a second blip vanished from the screen. Not again, she thought. How could this be happening? Was she doomed to lose capital ships in every single major engagement?
“Captain Domovero, order the fighters to return and signal the remaining ships of the group to withdraw away from the yacht, allow them to escape.”
“But Admiral,” replied the Captain, clearly upset.
“You question me?” she said, glaring at him. He paled.
“No, Admiral, apologies.” He turned to a junior officer and repeated her commands. Adami watched as her fighters swung away from the group. Laboriously, the remaining two Battleships began to move out of the planet’s gravity well, following by their support craft.
“Admiral. The Vengeance too,” said the NCO hesitantly, clearly dreading have to tell Adami.
Adami fumed. It was obvious her ships were allowing them to escape. Why had they destroyed a third destroyer?! This was low, even for Riccard Brams. Tyler Blake, as twisted as he was prior to his death, would not have been so callous. She assumed they would also cause her fourth Battleship to explode. They would pay dearly for their actions. They would pay with their lives or Adami would die trying.
She heard Captain Domovero issue orders for an emergency all systems shut-down of the Indefatigable. A good idea. If the ship survived she would promote him to Admiral.
“Thank you, Captain,” she said, nodding.
“Admiral,” he said, his face distressed. He was taking the losses almost as personally as she was.
“Continue to coordinate the assault on Citadel, Captain.” Composing himself, he nodded and marched away purposefully.
Now all Adami could do was wait and watch. And plot yet more revenge.
 
Elenore Frost whooped in delight as she watched the third gargantuan Hellfire class-IV Battleship died in a fiery tempest. “Mushur Nordin is incredible,” she said breathlessly.
Scowling, hunched forward over her controls, Kaliko Savina whipped her head around to pierce Elenore with a glare. “Don’t, Elenore. Val is travelling down a path you must not follow. Ever.”
Elenore, looked back, confused. “But he’s saved us? We’re almost clear.”
“Those ships were already retreating, Elenore. He had no need to destroy that third ship. He’d already made his point with the second, possibly even the first. Each of those Battleship has a crew of more than five thousand people. He just killed five or ten thousand people just because he wanted to. Tell me that was the right thing to do.”
Elenore sat sullenly, no longer watching the dying Battleship. “But they were going to kill us. And they’re the ones invading. Didn’t they deserve it?”
Kaliko considered her words. In Grazan society and attacks upon their royalty were dealt with swiftly and without mercy. Elenore had obviously been heavily influenced by it.
“Whether they deserved to die or not is irrelevant, Elenore. You are an Edo, are you not? We kill only when it is absolutely necessary, only in defense or to protect. Never for revenge, or because someone may or may not deserve it. We protect and cherish life. What Mushur Nordin has done is inexcusable. At the moment he is not an Edo.”
“But you were…” Elenore trailed off as she saw the look on Kaliko’s face.
‘Yes, Elenore. I fell into the Deep. It is something that I will go to my grave trying to atone for. I was on that path, too. The one he has been on before.”
Kaliko paused as Riccard Brams entered the cockpit.
“My apologies, ladies, and if I don’t get chance again, thank you for your actions today. I saw that we are nearly out of the planet’s gravity well - might I broadcast a message before we jump?”
“Of course, Premier,” said Kaliko, indicating towards where Elenore sat, who quickly hopped from the seat.
“Please, just Riccard. I am no longer the High Doyen. At least for the moment.”
He sat down and taped quickly at the comms station. He cleared his throat. Kaliko thought that he looked dignified, someone she would trust to lead her.
“My fellow Imperials of Citadel. This is your ex- High Doyen Riccard Brams. Please heed this message. I ask that you cease hostilities. Please, let there be no further loss of life, no today. Offer no resistance to our visitors, the price of their invasion is already beyond reason. Thank you to you all for defending your home so proudly and valiantly but the time for heroics is now over. The Dominion will continue. I leave now only so that I can return. I vowed that the Dominion would become a free republic. And it still will.”
He switched off the comms and gave them both a reassuring nod. Kaliko felt slightly in awe of the man. An alert pinged, indicating that they were now able to make the jump to hyperspace.
“Feeding hyperspace calculations through to everyone now,” said Raichel over the comms. “See you all soon.”
“Negative, Mushur Ison,” said Lee Gaspara. “Me and the boys - “
“Correction, old men,” said Shawn.
Lee sighed. “Correction, the rest of us apart from Shawn are going to stay and reconnoiter. Shawn just volunteered to return Himdel to update the powers that be there.”
“Ah, wonderful. There’s nothing quite as romantic as a long lonely hyperspace flight back to the glittering capital.”
Dang grunted something unintelligible.
“If it’s ok with you Lee, I need to head back to Sobal Gailian and update the Conclave,” said Nate Shepherd.
“No problems here. Safe flights to both of you, and you, Raichel.”
“Thanks for your help Lee, guys,” said Raichel.
Brams put his hand on Kaliko’s shoulder for a moment and then left the cockpit. She looked over at Elenore who sat back down. Kaliko gave her a wink and pulled on the hyperdrive lever. Stars elongated into white streaks as they made the leap into hyperspace. 
Chapter Nineteen
 
Edo Mushur Val Nordin could feel the apprehension emanating from his wingmen. It irritated him. He’d told them when they joined the Paladins that they would have to make unpleasant decisions and do things that the lesser Edo could not. Now they were horrified by his actions. He would have to educate them further. Sometimes the ends were really worth the means. He had afforded Raichel, Ko, Shepherd and the others a way to escape. Brams would now be able to stage a comeback and ultimately turn the Dominion into a republic, giving billions upon billions of people a voice. The lives lost of those Battleships had been a necessity. They had brought it upon themselves by invading the Zashfallus system and they themselves had killed many of the home fleet’s personnel.
He was annoyed that the assault upon the fourth Battleship had failed. They should have all died too. Raichel had fled to hyperspace before he could try again and so now it was pointless to try and destroy it.
“Mushur Nordin,” commed Dical Dimerchi hesitantly. “It is time to leave.”
“It’s time when I say it’s time, Edo Askari Dimerchi,” said Nordin. The man needed to grow a spine. Trying to handle me with kid gloves would only irritate me further, surely he knew that, though Val. He had a point though. With Brams’ last message being a plea to surrender the battle had faltered to a stop. They were effectively the only remaining opposition to Adami’s entire tainted fleet. No, there was one last thing to do.
“Gray, calculate our exit vector and hyperspace calculations, Dimerchi and I will link to your systems.”
“Yes, Mushur,” came the typically sullen reply.
“X4-V4, find me the lead ships communication channel and patch me through.” His robot tootled a response and then beeped when the channel became active. He thought for a moment and shrugged. “Put it through also on general broadcast please, veefour.” A low whistle signaled it was done.
 
“Admiral, there’s message coming in from one of the Nebula fighters still in the system.”
Petrina Adami frowned. What could they possibly want? “Play it, Lieutenant.”
“Sir.”
“Admiral Adami. This is Mushur Nordin.” 
“Nordin!” Adami shouted. He had been a thorn in her side far more times than she liked to remember. His presence had been pivotal in some very damaging defeats, defeats that could have swung the balance towards the Dominion had they have been victories instead. Nordin had played an important part in her ultimate dismisal from the Dominion. Though she hated the man with every ounce of her body, she recognized that he was a most dangerous foe.
His message continued. “Today I have destroyed three of your battleships, and ruined a fourth. You just attempted to kill the peaceful and rightful leader of the Dominion. I stopped you.”
Adami saw several of her bridge crew give side-long glances at each other. So be it. The Dominion has always been ruled so, the people understand that the Dominion thrives, that they thrive when there is strong leadership.
“You will fail, Adami, as you always do. Even your insane dealing with the Zhur Thoggu will not help you. You will fail again, only this time I will see to it personally that you die. Until then, Admiral.”
“The Nebula fighters have entered hyperspace, Admiral.”
Her mouth was dry, she needed a drink. She looked around to see Captain Domovero watching her closely. She had to try and show that Nordin’s words had not shaken her. She stood as tall as she could.
“Empty threats are of no concern to me, Captain. See to it that the surrendering forces are neutralized as quickly as possible. Have our most loyal officers assume control. We have won a fine victory today, Domovero, and your quick thinking saved many lives. You will be well rewarded.”
“Admiral,” said the Captain, brightly enough. She turned to the communications officer. “Have a channel set up to Doyen Weststar in my personal quarters at once.”
She turned away without waiting for a response. Nordin would need to pay dearly for his threat. She could not allow an insult like that to go unpunished, else she would look weak to her people. All Edo would pay for his temerity.
 
An emergency Doyen Council meeting had been called. Many of Weststar’s supporters were there, along with Doyen Niettha, who had been quiet in the day since the invasion had concluded. Most of the few remaining Doyens who were still Brams supporters had decided to be present only via hologram. Weststar didn’t blame them especially, though he’d make it quite clear to them that he’d rather earn their trust and ultimately their support than have them expelled from the Council.
He sat in the very seat that Riccard Brams had sat in not one week earlier, the last time Brams would ever address the Doyen Council. He was dressed in full formal Doyen uniform, its gray material perfect measured for his still-trim physique. He had decided that it would be the last time he would wear a Doyen uniform. This moment had been a long time coming and it felt every bit as good as he’d imagined. Except for the look Doyen Niettha was giving him. As per usual, he did not look pleased. They had a private meeting scheduled for later in the day. Weststar had decided to see how Niettha acted during that meeting and then decide on what he would do with the man.
Amos raised a hand and the room quickly became quiet. He paused for effect, then smiled, victoriously.
“It feels like there’s somebody missing,” he said, pretending to look confused. The others laughed. Whether dutifully or actually appreciating his humour, he didn’t care in the slightest. All that mattered was their loyalty. Laughing along to his jokes was just symbolism for their support.
“The Dominion has always been ruled with a firm hand. The Dominion has survived where other, less orderly civilisations have been utterly destroyed. Democracy and Republics will always fail. They are for the weak, for those who fear responsibility and cower behind group decision making. Had Riccard Brams remained High Doyen - might I mention how I hate that term being used for a leader of the Dominion - he would have singlehandedly destroyed the Dominion from the inside out.”
Brams looked around, the Doyen’s nodding away or listening intently, except again for Niettha, who looked disinterested. Weststar ignored him.
“I have taken back control of the Dominion. Admiral Adami in now in control of the fleet. A ceremony will be held in two days to formalize my ascendancy where I will be crowned and once again the Dominion will be ruled by an Emperor. It will be a return to our Imperialism, a return to our glory and the beginning of fulfilling the destiny of all Imperials. We will rule this galaxy.”
Niettha raised a hand. Weststar nodded. The lean and extraordinarily handsome man stood. Was his skin a slightly different hue today? Something looked a bit off about him. It frustrated Weststar that he couldn’t identify exactly what it was.
“On behalf of my fellow council members I would like to congratulate you, Emperor Weststar.” He began clapping. The other Doyens stood and joined in. Amos basked in the applause.
Finally, he raised his hands and the Doyens reseated themselves, except for Doyen Niettha. Weststar frowned.
“You have more to say, Doyen Niettha?”
“I do, apologies, my Emperor, but there are already rumors circulating in my sector that Admiral Adami’s invasion force utilized Zhur Thoggu technology. I would like to know how you would like me to respond to the misgivings this has caused?”
Weststar fumed. Maybe he didn’t need to wait until their meeting to decide on the man.
“Doyen Niettha, I appreciate that you were only recently elected to Doyen status but do I really need to instruct you on how to manage your sector? Or would you prefer I have someone else do it instead?”
Niettha’s eyes tightened up. “No, my Lord. My desire was only to bring this issue to your attention. I will have the perpetrators dealt with.”
“See that you do, Doyen Niettha.” Weststar gazed around the room. “I would have preferred not to use the Thoggu technology but I felt that leaving the Dominion in Brams’ hands was the greater crime. Admiral Adami will be retrofitting the ships at her earliest convenience.”
A few of his more loyal Doyens nodded away in agreement but most looked unconvinced. Tough. He couldn’t imagine that Emperor Gallitene ever worried how the Doyens felt about his decisions.
“You are all required to attend the ceremony. In person. Until then govern your sectors firmly whilst the Dominion transitions over to my rule. Thank you all for your support and for sharing in my vision of a Dominion returned to its previous glory. I will be issuing my first directives later today, I trust many of you will be pleased with them but should any of you wish to see me individually please arrange a meeting for tomorrow.”
He stood, and smiled at them all. “Thank you, gentlemen.”
Chapter Twenty
 
The Grazan converted freighter-carrier Mote’s Eye jumped into the Ewa’ganas system as neatly as a fish slipped into water. Only hyperspace distortions signaled their arrival. Star-spangled Recon Nebula fighters burst forth from its hangar bays, and the huge ship seemed to radiate pride, like a mother releasing her cherished children unto the universe.
Val’s Paladins flights two and three formed up in a loose diamond formation, accelerating from the already maneuvering mothership. The Ewa’ganas system, deep within The Wilds, was not on any major hyperspace corridor but still had a thriving population in the billions spread across two planets and multiple habitats. The planets did not have a unified government, let alone the habitats, who fiercely defended their independence. The population in general were hard working and prosperous, which, along with the out-of-the-way location, meant that black market trading thrived, bringing with it all the various sundry members of that shadowy world. Smuggling and piracy was rampant, so it was no real surprise that one of the ships that the Skave had pirated had been reported in this system.
“Mote’s Eye departing. Good hunting,” commed the freighter’s Grazan Captain Teynin Nasturn. With a flicker of pseudo motion the freighter made the leap into hyperspace, leaving the eight fighters alone high above the ecliptic plane of the solar system.
Edo Mushur Joakim Falk led them down towards a habitat orbiting the second planet, Esiltooine. The habit, officially Esiltooine H3, known locally as The Spud due to its rather ugly exterior, was industrial - a micro-gee manufacturing facility that manufactured high precision exotic components for hyperdrive systems. Presumably the Buderimian light hauler that the Skave were flying was smuggling components in or out of the habitat. Data indicated that the vessel had made repeated visits ever since it was originally hijacked.
“Paladins, hold here, I’ll approach for visual recon,” said Joakim into his comms. The other seven Nebula fighter slowed to a relative stop as he continued on. The habitat slowly grew from a pea into a potato and then details about the externally docked spaceships began to emerge.
His X4 unit squealed, its message appearing on Falk’s screen.
“Thanks X4.” He chinned his comms, “One of the docked ships appears to match the freighter, closing in for a better look.”
Sure enough, scarring and scorch marks seemed to match visual data on the ship. “Looks like the one. The Skave are here. I’d like to try a different tactic this time. Rather than a ground assault we’re going to wait for them to leave and then follow them as best we can until they lead us to a sizable Skave holding.”
“Sounds like a plan,” said Nathan Bircheno. “Can I suggest we have one person at a time on sentry and the rest of us enter meditation trances? We’ll save air and be more alert when we need to be.”
“Agreed. I’m already here so I’ll take first shift. Nathan, you will be second.”
The Edo had gone through five changes of observer before Harper Ko watched the freighter, now bizarrely transmitting its ID as The Ever Pretty, detached from its docking port and began to move away from The Spud.
Harper reached out, touching the minds of his almost-unconscious colleagues. Except for Amaeh Towpine, the Singronian Edo Neophyte, who took a while longer, they snapped back to full consciousness immediately.
“They have departed from the habitat. My robot is monitoring their trajectory and will notify us of any likely systems or hyperspace jump points that may be likely destinations for them.”
“Excellent work, Harper,” commed Joakim. “Get your ships ready to transition into hyperspace, everyone. We need to follow as closely as possible so that we can still feel them in the Astral plane whilst in hyperspace.”
Their Recon’s followed the ship, its occupants seemingly oblivious to their pursuers.
“They’re spooling up their hyperdrive, about to make the transition,” said Harper. “My X4 says there is only one likely destination, a hyperspace jump point that is the standard one for when seeking to return to the main hyperspace lane from The Ewa’ganas system. We already have the co-ordinates, calculations will be done momentarily.”
“Let’s hold back slightly,” said Joakim. “It’ll take them a while to realign once they reach the jump point, no need to follow too closely.”
The freighter made the jump, one moment there, the next vanished into the strange realm of hyperspace.
“Calculations complete, feeding them through now.”
“Edo,” came Joakim’s deep, resonant voice. “Ten seconds till jump.”
 
Phan Ursox, the Chief Prosecutor for the State, turned towards the jury and shook his head. The Pemapaani, dressed in a very expensive dark suit, looked every bit the part. His fur was gloriously conditioned to the point where it seemed to shine with its own light source. His eyes, however, were a deep black and combined with his lightly colored fur they gave him a powerful stare. Many people within his courtrooms had buckled under the pressure of his gaze.
“I am sorry,” Phan Ursox said to the jury with contrived attrition. “I am sorry that I have to make you listen to these reports. It pains me to see how badly they affect you all.”
He turned and pointed at Sord Okarachebe, who was seated alongside his lawyer Tomasa Iwu at the front of the massive courtroom, just before the Judge and directly in front of the jury. Behind them sat nearly one thousand observers and reporters, with their vidcams floating around them, vying for the best view.
“Reviewing the actions of the Edo affects me too, but we must put ourselves through this pain to ensure that never again will they harm our peace-loving Commonwealth.” The Pemapaani’s fur rippled across his face and neck.
“Today you have heard how the Edo have interfered in Commonwealth matters. You have heard how they have seen to their own needs at the expense of the public. You have heard of the part they played in the Farwarden fiasco. You have heard how Tyler Blake nearly brought our fine civilization to its knees. You have heard how the Edo brought the wrath of not just the Zhur Thoggu upon us, but the Skave too. There are other incidents, large and small, that have affected the Commonwealth. Whether these other incidents are used in the prosecution depends on both you the jury and the honorable Judge Quechina.” He paused to turn and nod his head towards the stern looking human Judge. “How much evidence will you need to hear before you are certain of Mushur Okarachebe’s guilt? It will take hundreds of hours to go through it all. Perhaps Mushur Okarachebe will admit his guilt under the weight of it all. I can only hope.”
He turned and bowed to the jury. “Thank you all for your patience. I know that you will be honest and truthful to yourselves, and that you will do the right thing.” Ursox turned and thanked the Judge before returning to his seat, next to three lesser lawyers and aides.
He looked very pleased with himself, thought Tomasa Iwu. And quite rightly too. The entire jury already look convinced of Sord’s guilt. His only hope lay in reminding them of all the good that the Edo had done for the Commonwealth, and that any damage caused was despite their efforts, not because of them.
“Mister Iwu, your opening statement, if you please,” said Judge Quechina, not bothering to hide her displeasure.
Iwu stood. “Thank you, your honor.” He looked over at Sord, who sat calmly, hands crossed carefully on his lap. He wore the basic white robes that Edo seemed to prefer. He looked up and his ears turned in Iwu’s direction. He gave Iwu an almost imperceptible nod. He must sense my fear, he thought, not just via the Astrals but from his impressive predatory senses. The thought made him more nervous. He approached the jury.
“The honorable Phan Ursox would have you ready to slit Mushur Okarachebe’s throat right now if it were in his power, isn’t that correct Mister Ursox?”
“I do not enjoy games, Mister Iwu,” growled the Judge.
“Sorry, your honor. I’ll rephrase. The Commonwealth has suffered again and again in recent memory. And perhaps Himdel has suffered as much or more than any other planet. Especially so if you consider only the number lives lost. It is understandable that we look for someone to blame. Someone to be held accountable for all the death and misery we have had to suffer.”
Iwu paused to look at each of the twelve jury members. They included five humans, or near humans, a Pemapaani, a Swaltane, a Towpine, a Maladorni, a Phalee, a Plinteray and an Ekeena. Since there were thousands of different sentients living on Himdel at any time, it was impossible for them all to be present. Instead they had ensued a good selection were within group.
“Mister Ursox will provide you with incident after incident of where much of this suffering has occurred alongside the activities of the Edo. He will blame them for the deaths and destruction. He will insinuate - “
“Objection,” shouted Ursox.
“Granted. Reword, Mister Iwu,” replied the Judge.
Iwu gave Ursox a vexed glance. “Sorry, your honor. Mister Ursox will attempt to show that the Edo have ulterior motives. That they run an illegal cartel, earning themselves a fortune so large that it could barely be counted. He will try to show that they are self-serving, untrustworthy and deceitful. That they care not about the lives and safety and indeed the well-being of non-Edo sentients.”
He shook his head firmly, then pounded hard, fist against palm. “I will prove that none of that is true,” Iwu said with all the conviction he could muster. “I will prove that the Edo are being used as a patsy, that they are being used for political purposes where the only losers will be us - the citizens of this fine Commonwealth.”
He began to pace, forcing the jury, the Judge, the crowd, even Ursox to follow his rapid movements, forcing them to watch him.
“I will show that yes, the Edo are present and involved in all the instances that Mister Ursox will detail at great length. I will show that the suffering was in spite of their efforts not because of them. I will show that the Edo were there not as instigators but as a peace-keepers, intent on protecting the lives of all peoples of the galaxy, despite the great risks to themselves. I will show that the fact that they were present and involved in so many terrible conflicts shows how much they are willing to sacrifice, and how much they care.”
He stopped. Hung his head.
“I intend to show how we have betrayed the Edo. How, despite their order being decimated through their efforts to protect us that we have turned on them. I am ashamed of how we have turned our backs on them.”
“Strike that last comment from the records. Mister Iwu we are not interested in your own opinions. This is your final warning.”
“Apologies, again, your honor. I was overcome with emotion.”
“Indeed, please finish.”
“Thank you, your Grace.” He turned to point at Sord.
“Grand Mushur Okarachebe lost his entire world to the Zhur Thoggu. I will show how he almost died in his heroic efforts to thwart the Skave even as the Commonwealth tried to quash the Edo. I will show that Mushur Okarachebe is not a villain, is not a danger and deserves our adulation and respect, not our hatred and distrust. The Edo have always acted as guardians, and we need them now, still as much as ever. We must not let them be used as scapegoats for faceless politicians looking to lay blame at someone else’s door. They deserve better.”
 
Riccard Brams’ taste in decor left a lot to be desired, felt Amos Weststar. The High Doyen’s personal residence with the Imperial Stronghold on Citadel should have been a glorious representation of the majesty of the Dominion. Any who were privileged enough to visit them should have been left in no doubt to the power and wealth that the Dominion still claimed. Instead, the cavernous suite held a minimum of utilitarian furniture, making it more like the inside of a Battleship than the residence of the soon-to-be Emperor. It would not do at all.
Still, Weststar had moved into the suite without delay, loathe to leave the Stronghold whilst still solidifying his grip on the realm. He couldn’t shake off the thought of being overthrown whenever he was back in his own residence. He’d already ordered many of his furnishing to be brought here from the property, and he very much looked forward indeed to placing orders for many more items, all very rare and expensive, and all courtesy of the Imperial coffers. He’d also began clearing out Brams’ most loyal staffers, but with the list as long as it was, and with many of them holding positions critical to the functioning of the government, it was a slow process. There were many pressing matters to attend to. Next up, was Admiral Adami.
She had done a tremendous job in defeating Citadel’s home fleet - the single largest fleet still possessed by the Dominion. Her fleet had been considerably smaller yet despite some calamitous losses at the end of the battle she had put the Zhur Thoggu technologies to best use. Though Doyen Niettha was beginning to be more of a hindrance than a benefit, it had been his idea to seek out the assistance of the Zhur Thoggu. Weststar had wished to have been more offended at the idea of seeking them and using their perverse organic technologies to twist the sleek Imperial vessels into misshapen lumps but the reality was that there was very little he wouldn’t do to attain power and he had readily agreed, once he had made a show of considering the idea for a short while.
Adami, however, had been his idea from the beginning. Despite her previous failings he knew that with the right level of management she would still be able to play a very important role in his ascension. He hadn’t been wrong. She had dealt with the Zhur Thoggu efficiently and upgraded her fleet quicker than Weststar had thought possible. As a leader she had many failings, but as a second in command, with someone to lead her, she was unstoppable. Which meant that he was, too.
The door to his reception room flashed open and Adami entered, followed by one of Amos’s security officers. Weststar nodded at the man and he bowed slightly and then retreated from the room, leaving them alone.
Amos stood. “Petrina, my dear,” he said warmly, smiling. She nodded at him as she approached, as professional as ever.
“Sir,” she replied as she came to attention.
“Please,” he said, waving a hand, “less formality, my dear.” He saw her wince slightly, which amused him, he knew how she preferred to be formal. His insistence on her being more relaxed was just one of the ways he maintained his authority over her. She allowed her stance to soften slightly.
Amos motioned towards a seat and together they sat.
“May I congratulate you, Amos, on becoming Emperor?”
He smiled broadly. “Thank you, Petrina. And to you on your tremendous victory in the skies above.”
Adami scowled. “I lost three Battleships and a fourth may yet need to be scrapped.”
“I hear that was due to the Edo Val Nordin - the one that escaped you at the Chasm?” Weststar already knew but enjoyed watched her squirm. Despite her age she was still a physically attractive and powerful woman and he did so enjoy having power over her.
“Yes,” she said, face flushing. “He used the Astrals to trigger their Hyperdrives into exploding. It was the quick thinking of one of my officers that enabled us to save the lives of the crew of the fourth ship.”
“Excellent, excellent,” he said, quite happy himself with the losses exacted on Adami’s fleet. Of course, he’d have been happy with a total loss, including Adami if needed, if it had still resulted him in usurping Brams.
His smile faded… Brams. “It is a… shame that Riccard Brams was not, ah, dealt with.”
Adami’s face grew redder. “Again, the Edo interfered. One Delta was shot down - has it been found?”
“I’m not sure, I’ve left that to the ground forces. One of Brams’ aides was forthcoming with the identities of the Edo that were helping him so their details have been spread - we’ll find them, the city shield was back up quickly and has remained so. They are trapped.”
“Good,” said Adami gruffly. “There were also some stealth Nebula fighters that assisted. We are still investigating whether they remain. Until otherwise, we must assume we are under surveillance.”
Amos cocked his head dismissively. “Let them. We have nothing to hide. In fact, let the galaxy watch. The Dominion will be no long fester in this corner of the galaxy, with you at the fore, Fleet Admiral.”
Her eyes widened. “Grand…?”
“Of course. I would not want the chief of my navy to be anything less than a Fleet Admiral.” He smiled at her, enjoying the shock and poorly masked happiness. “Congratulations, Fleet Admiral.”
“Thank you, Sir,” she said, finally smiling. The unaccustomed smile did wonders to her normally stern visage, peeling back the years, revealing her beauty. He smiled, knowing her penchant for powerful men. He had done more for her than Vang ever had, and though considerably older than her he had taken her as his mistress. Weststar had no doubts that he could do so too, should he wish. Though the thought actually held considerable appeal he could not afford to be distracted. In the future, though? He would savor that thought.
“You have earned it, Petrina. Doyen Niettha, on the other hand, whilst benefitting me with the Zhur Thoggu and garnering support for me with the other Doyens, has become increasingly troubling.”
Fleet Admiral Adami frowned. “How so?”
“He seems to think he is my superior, offering veiled and not so veiled threats and orders to me. He is becoming increasingly volatile. I’m also concerned with the assassin that Brams captured. I need to know why Niettha was so insistent on meeting the man. How would you like to accompany me on a visit? I feel it may offer us an opportunity to learn more about Niettha.”
“Only if I get to interrogate,” she said, utterly serious.
Chapter Twenty One
 
There are few things as sad as a dead world, thought Raichel as she looked out of one of the research station’s windows. Especially one that was had been so vibrant and full of life. The once lush green world of Swalt was now a wasteland. The self-replicating nano machines that the Zhur Thoggu unleashed against it after Raif Ko had defeated their Commander Orluw Tasshik in a duel had devastated the planet entirely. The ensuing planet-wide fire caused by a massive falling Zhur Thoggu warship had completed the obliteration of all life on the planet.
The research station housed a small group of scientists who sought to reverse the damage caused by the Zhur Thoggu. Even now the planet was still unable to support any life, with toxins present in very high concentrations and dormant Zhur Thoggu nanites ready to spring into action and destroy any life that should somehow managed to thrive despite the poisons. A quick enquiry as to their progress had been met with downcast eyes.
Swalt had been Jake’s idea. Not too far from the Dominion, and in the outer edge of Commonwealth space. There was no reason to visit Swalt at all, save for Swaltane making pilgrimages back to their home planet, which meant starship traffic was very low. As expected, there had not been any other vessels within the system and a hurried conversation with the chief scientist begging them not to inform anyone of their presence had been met with happy acceptance since they recognized what the Edo had attempted to do for Swalt.
The negatives about using Swalt as a temporary base for Brams was that it did not have the facilities required to maintain and refuel their ships. Brams had contacted a couple of his most loyal Doyens and they had agreed to send out ships and support facilities. There was a risk in doing so but they hadn’t had any viable alternatives. Elenore had offered Grazan support but Brams had declined, wishing to use only Imperial resources, at least initially.
Jake Bulver approached, along with Kaliko Savina.
“Hey, Mushur,” said Jake. “How are we doing?”
“We’re ok I guess. No invading force yet. Rota sorted out?” she asked, having tasked the pair to arrange the rota for the observation patrol, where one piloted Delta would be orbiting around Swalt at all times, alert for any ships that might appear. The yacht was also being maintained at near full readiness, in case they needed to leave in a hurry.
“All good,” said Kaliko. “Mushur Flores is on duty at the moment. I’m up next, then Jake, then you. Elenore wants a shift but I thought I would pass it by you first.”
“I thought she’d volunteer. She can go, but make sure she understands it’s observation only - no engaging the enemy alone.” Raichel shook her head in amused dismay.
“No promises,” laughed Jake.
“We’re all itching to get back and rescue Gil,” said Kaliko.
“Me too, Kaliko. As soon as Brams’ loyalists arrive we’ll be heading straight back, I promise.”
 
Val Nordin stared at Nate Shepherd. How could the man be so foolish, considering his history, he would never understand.
“I did what needed to be done, Shepherd. I did what you would have done, had you my power.”
Shepherd shook his head sadly. “No, Val, I wouldn’t have. Thousands died needlessly. They were already allowing Brams to escape yet you continued to attack.”
Val looked around at the other council members. Edo Masters who were blind to their responsibilities. Mollycoddled into spineless creatures, cowering away within their Temple or here on Sobal Gailian. How could Shepherd not see this? He had given up on the Edo way himself before, so out of all of them he should be able to see things from a different perspective.
“It may have escaped your attention but they were still attacking the home fleet, still invading Citadel. It was a battle.”
“Not those particular ships, Nordin. Their only task was to intercept Brams’ shuttle. They were not firing on anything when you destroyed them.”
Nordin fumed. “This is ridiculous. You’re talking about semantics. I say they were part of an invading fleet, you say that they weren’t attacking. It’s irrelevant. My actions brought about the escape of not only Brams but the Edo and you yourself. I do not regret my actions because they were exactly what was needed to be done. Believe that or not, I don’t care. I don’t answer to you.”
“No, you are correct, you don’t,” said Hallowwyrn, her gravelly voice conveying much sadness. “No longer do you hold to the Edo ways. You take action based on your own ideals, which grow more divergent from us every day.”
Nordin looked at her, smiled patronizingly at her. “Mushur Hallowwyrn,” he said sarcastically, “don’t be afraid, I already know what you are going to say. Please, continue.”
Hallowwyrn’s eyes darted independently from face to face, as if looking for support. The other Edo had gone very still.
Nordin almost laughed. Do they fear me that much? Truly, they have no understanding of me. I turned from the Deep a lifetime ago, yet still they believe I travel down its sinister path.
“Then let me say it for you, Hallowwyrn. You are removing me from the council and whilst you cannot strip me of my Edo title you would encourage me to do so, for the good of the Edo sect. Is that about right?”
“It is, Val,” said Danze Carmenco. “I’m sorry but we cannot be seen to condone your actions, especially with the ongoing trial.”
“I cannot believe that you are allowing the trial to happen. How can you allow them to do this?”
“You wouldn’t understand, Nordin,” said Nenotuul.
“You’re right, I wouldn’t. I don’t. You are all insane. I urge you to retrieve your Mushur at all costs. You are weakened by your inaction. It gives credibility to the Commonwealth having jurisdiction over us, sorry, over you.”
“We have faith in the Astrals, Val,” said Lani.
Val snorted. “Even when they put Mushur Okarachebe to death?” Lani looked away. “I thought as much,” he said dismissively. He stood up, towering over them all. Nenotuul growled, revealing her ferocious teeth. Nordin cocked an eyebrow at her. “Really?”
“Mushur Nenotuul, peace,” urged Lani. After a long moment the Entilean broke away, shaking her head. Val frowned, showing disgust.
“Right now,” Val said, ”there are things happening that the Edo must confront, not shy away from, safe in the bosom of the Grazan Combine. Your own leader needs saving. The Skave need to be found and destroyed, and Riccard Brams must be restored to the throne of the Dominion. Whilst you sit and meditate, while you proffer pointless philosophy to your poor Neophytes I take action. Even now my Paladins seek out the Skave. Consider that. Who is it really that should be leaving the council? You, who sit around impotent, or I, who does what he can? As powerful as I am, I cannot do everything for you. Please, save Mushur Okarachebe.”
He walked towards the exit of the room before turning around. “I relinquish the title of Edo, but I am still a Mushur of the Astrals.” He looked around at them all. “Perhaps the last one, save Raichel. You embarrass yourselves, for condemning me whilst relying on me to do what you will not.”
After Nordin had left, there was a brief moment of stunned quiet until Nate Shepherd spoke.
“No Astral lightning. He took that better than I thought he would.”
Mushur Nenotuul snorted.
“I think,” said Danze Carmenco, “that we need them back.”
“Yes,” agreed his wife. “I know who you mean and I couldn’t agree more.” The rest of the Edo Masters nodded. Michael Silverdell was needed.
 
Gil had felt better.
The frankly horrifying descent back down to Citadel had left him concussed and his right arm broken. He admitted that he was lucky to have escaped so lightly. Ninety nine times out of one hundred the spaceship should have exploded upon impact. Gil would have liked to attribute his survival to skill, with finely timed use of the repulsors and the Astrals saving his life but really it had been a blind, panicked - okay, terrified - response followed by unconsciousness. He’d thought of his partner, Kafferyn Wellbourn, just before impact, worried that he would not see her again. He’d thought of Raichel, too, which he put down to having been joined with her for so long. Or so he hoped.
Now, with him safely away from the crash site he felt like there was a chance he could survive this after all. The glittering city shield was still up, meaning that escape was unlikely without somehow smuggling aboard a ship cleared to leave through the shield. In his present state that was a tall order. He needed somewhere safe so that he could enter into an Edo healing trance.
Gil had left the pilot suit with the ship, and had been glad that he wasn’t wearing the traditional light colors of an Edo, but instead the dark under-suit of his Royal Defenders suit, minus the ridiculously oversized armor and helmet. His height and long dark hair were difficult to hide, but by using his Himdel-derived street smarts he’d so far been able cover considerable distance without sparking too much interest from anyone. Which was very lucky as his concussion seemed to be affecting his ability to Channel as well as usual and his broken arm meant that he’d have to use his off-hand to fight - something he hadn’t practiced in a long, long time. He’d taken some rations from the ship and a small laser pistol with a few recharge clips so at least he wasn’t completely defenseless.
Citadel itself was a typical mega-city. Towering buildings jostled for position in the administration, financial and high density residential districts, which gave way to shorter, squatter buildings in manufacturing and very high-end residential areas. There were areas where it was wise to refrain from during the quieter hours just as there were areas that only came alive at night, with entertainment that catered to every desire.
The imposing Imperial Stronghold were located deep within the city. Its towering structure was visible from much of the city. Gil had been heading towards it for most of the day. He hoped to find Forma Beltat, one of Riccard Brams’ senior civil servants. He had worked with her a few times, making arrangements for Brams’ security details, and had noted how open, honest and devoted to Brams she was. If there was anyone on Citadel he could trust, it was her. The fact that she had more than a passing resemblance for Raichel Ison had nothing to do with his choice. If he could gain her help he could hole up at her home until recuperated and by then either he’d be rescued or he’d make his escape.
Unfortunately for Gil, he didn’t know where Forma Beltat lived so couldn’t guess how she would return to her lodgings after finishing her work each day, or which direction she’d go in, or which of the massive building’s exits she would use. Tricky.
Also tricky was how tight security was the closer he got to the Imperial Stronghold. Small squads of shock troopers carried out random checks on pedestrians and Shock trooper chariots stopped vehicles for inspections. Whether this was normal or due to the invasion, or indeed, him he wasn’t sure. Regardless, it made travel slow and difficult, especially in his current condition.
It was nearly nightfall before he arrived in the giant plaza situated before the Stronghold. Pedestrian traffic was at its peak, with people rushing home after work or on their way to other activities. Few people were loitering despite the pleasant surroundings of the plaza. This made it impossible for Gil to wait too, especially with the shock troopers moving randomly throughout the area. He had to keep moving to avoid their paths. He had already had to Channel as best as he could twice to cloud the perception of some shock troopers who had approached too closely or shown a little too much interest in him. Each time he’d worried that he wouldn’t be able to Channel well enough but so far, so good.
Painfully, he drew on Astral energy and reached out and began to gently probe at the minds of the people around him, looking for Forma. He couldn’t extend his senses far and probing whilst trying to keep away from Shock trooper patrols was difficult, almost bumping directly into one of the heavily armored men whilst the trooper was interrogating some other poor unfortunate soul.
He decided to risk it and move closer to the Stronghold. Almost immediately he found her, just leaving via the grand main entrance. She was dressed in her normal professional attire but with a thin coat helping to stave off the evening chill. She stopped briefly to hail a brightly colored taxi repulsor car before climbing in. Wasting no time, Gil ran to the next available hover and jumped into the rear seating area, surprising the heavy set driver.
“Hey!” exclaimed the man, turning to look at Gil.
Gil gestured slightly towards him. “You are happy to have me as a passenger.”
The man frowned, his heavy brow moving slowly. “I am happy to have you as a passenger.”
“Thank you,” said Gil, smiling with relief. “Please, follow that car,” he said, pointing past the driver towards the garish taxi.
“I’ll follow that car,” repeated the driver, engaging the vehicle’s systems and moving smoothly to follow.
“That’s my man,” said Gil, patting the big man happily on his shoulder. With any luck, Astrals willing, Forma Beltat would be going directly to her home.
Chapter Twenty Two
 
The duty officer scrambled to his feet. “Sir!” he said, snapping to attention.
Weststar smiled. His and Adami’s visit to the prison complex had been kept secret enough that the staff had not been informed.
“At ease, Mister…” Weststar peered at the man’s ID badge. “Mister Gazzas.” The man didn’t relax at all, not with Petrina staring at him like he was her next meal. “We are here to see prisoner HK217PZ.” He turned and smiled at Adami. “I think I got that right, didn’t I, Fleet Admiral?”
“Yes, Sir,” she said, inclining her head slightly as the duty officer’s nervousness noticeably increased. “What is the problem, Mister Gazzas?”
The man stammered. “He, he isn’t here, uh, Fleet Admiral.”
Weststar impressed himself with how calm he remained. “He’s not? And why is that?” He glanced at Petrina, she looked ready to rip the man’s head clean from his shoulders.
“He was transferred this morning. I’m not sure of the specifics but it was off-world.”
A sinking feeling hit Weststar square in his stomach but he refused to let it show. He was the leader and soon-to-be Emperor of the Dominion. He needed to look in control at all times.
“Indeed,” said Amos. “Please, look up the transfer details. I’d very much like to know who ordered the transfer.” He already had a pretty good idea. He exchanged a glance with Adami that looked to say she had the same thought.
Relieved at being given a task he could do, the man quickly tapped away at his console, before standing at attention again.
“Sir, orders came from Doyen Niettha this morning, issued just before shock troopers came to take him away. I cannot find any transfer plans, which is not standard procedure and most irregular, Sir.”
He cocked an eyebrow at Adami, most pleased that he was able to maintain a facade of calmness much better than the obviously angry woman besides him.
“I see. Thank you Mister Gazzas, you have been most forthcoming. Please see to it that any future prisoner transfer requests are cleared by my office until I say otherwise, would you?”
“Of course, Sir. Thank you, Sir.”
As he turned to leave he whispered to Adami. “Now you see how troublesome Niettha has become. I believe it is time for our arrangement to meet its natural conclusion.”
Adami nodded sharply. “I couldn’t agree more.”
 
With some small fortune, Forma Beltat’s hover had stopped at a platform half way up a towering residential block. He had his driver, who he’d named ‘Block’ after his rather impressively square physique, bring him in behind her.
“Wait here until I return, please, Block”, he said, a finger waggled subconsciously.
“I’ll wait here until you return,” said Block slowly.
“And please stop repeating everything I say,” said Gil, smiling as he got out.
“I’ll stop repeating everything you say,” he heard Block mumble. Gil couldn’t help but laugh.
Forma was at the door and had her datapad out, presumably using a stored access code to unlock the door. The door flashed sideways into its recess and she entered, not bothering to check behind her. The door slid back shortly after she passed through and Gil Channeled to hold it partially open, though it was a struggle, taxing him more than it should have. He slipped through, relieved to allow the door to shut.
Forma stood waiting before a triple set of lifts, and did her best to ignore Gil. He approached and stood beside her, as though waiting for the lifts himself. The center lift doors opened and the pair walked in, turning to face the doors as they closed. Forma punched in her level and then turned to ask Gil his, finally looking up at him. She stopped, open mouthed, and stared at him, stupefied.
“Hi Forma,” he said, and smiled. The lift began to move, rapidly accelerating.
She looked away, shoulders sagging. “Oh, frack,” she managed.
“Nice to see you too.”
She held up a hand to stop him, and nodded to the side to indicate that they wait until in her apartment. He nodded in agreement and waited until the lift stopped, with the pair exchanging a few mixed glances. The corridor that greeted them was the standard bare-bones stark norm for any imperial city and quickly enough they arrived at Forma’s apartment, where she quickly led him in. Once in, she whirled around to face him.
“What the kark are you doing here?”
Gil frowned. “I was shot down, whilst escorting your leader, need I remind you, to safety.”
She looked away. Then back. “I’d heard that they were searching for you, though they aren’t sure which Edo to be looking for.”
“Well, that’s something at least.”
“Why come to me?”
“You are one of Brams’ most loyal supporters, I felt it. I knew that I could trust you.”
“Can you?” she asked, feigning doubt.
“Yes, I can. Though I can’t read your thoughts I can sense your emotions. You are a good person, Forma.”
“Well, lucky for me,” she said, annoyed. “What do you want from me?”
“I’m injured, I need somewhere to lay low while I recover.”
She looked at him. “You understand the risk you put me under.” She said it more like a statement than a question.
Gil began to apologize but his danger sense sparked. Forma started to speak but he held up his good hand to stop her and alarm spread across her dark features. He sent out his senses as best as he could and to his alarm found several groups of men quickly approaching Forma’s apartment.
“Trouble,” he said, simply.
Gil thought as quickly as his injured brain would allow him. He’d been sure he’d not been followed here, and no one had noticed him whilst making his journey to the Imperial Stronghold. How could he have been so wrong? Was he that concussed that he wasn’t fully aware of his surroundings? Sure his ability to use the Astrals was definitely impaired but he felt fully conscious, no drowsiness. It just didn’t seem right that the Imperials would be here within seconds. If something seems incredible then it often is, he thought. There must be some other reason.
“Quickly, has Weststar been arresting Brams loyalists?”
“Yes,” she exclaimed, eyes bulging in horror. “I thought I’d be ok - I’m just a lowly civil servant and have never been a vocal Brams supporter.”
“I guess they aren’t taking any chances,” said Gil, looking around.  Forma’s apartment was quite luxurious and sizable but hardly a fortress capable of holding at bay upwards of a dozen presumably well-armed men. There was only one viable option as far as Gil could see.
He pulled out his pistol, and handed it to Forma, flicking off the safety before doing so. She looked confused. Gil turned it and moved her hand to the grip. He motioned at the barrel.
“Point that bit towards them and fire, simple as that.” He smiled. “You’ll be fine, but we have to go, now.” He moved towards the door they had come through but sensed several of the men gathering outside it.
He whirled around, summoning a vicious-looking Astral blade onto his off-arm. He moved across to the side of the room closest towards the lifts and began creating a human sized hole as Beltat watched, waves of fear boiling from her.
“Hurry,” she said.
“What do you think I’m doing,” he said through gritted teeth, sparing the time to throw an exasperated face at her. Finally he finished the long, sweeping arc and Channeling to multiply his strength he gave the wall section a mighty boot. It moved inwards and then fell over, exposing the lounge area of the next apartment. Whether it had been empty before Gil had started cutting through the wall he couldn’t tell, but if someone had been there they had been wise enough to make themselves scarce.
“Quickly!” he said, and stooped down and through the breached wall. He ran towards the apartments exit and used Astral energy to pull at the door. It groaned and creaked and then gave away, tearing from its frame and flying into the room.
“Go through first and run for the lifts,” he urged. She looked terrified but did what he asked, running out into the corridor and turning left without even looking towards the men ordered to capture her.
Gil was right behind her, and as he entered the corridor the men, five darkly colored shock troopers with another five approaching, turned and fired. Gil’s blue Astral blade flashed as he used Astral energy to guide it, blocking the bolt. Slowly, he backed up, concentrating as hard as he could to block the bolts in his weakened state.
He risked a glance back towards the lifts and was rewarded with a glancing blast that cut across his right thigh.
“Skavespawn,” he cursed, and redirected the next bolt back at one of the shock troopers, aiming for his weapon. He was off target and it caught the man in his right shoulder, knocking him to the floor.
“How long, Forma?” he called.
“It’s nearly here,” she shouted back.
“Thank the Astrals,” he said, more to himself than anything. He tried to gesture with his broken arm, causing a stabbing pain to momentarily cause him to falter. Luckily a blast aimed right for him was caught by his stationary Astral blade. His eyes opened wide in shock. He moved back quicker, focusing more as he made it back to Forma and had to try to protect them both from the now ten strong force.
The lift opened with a whoosh and Forma sprang in.
“Back to the landing pad level, Block’s waiting for us,” shouted Gil above the din of gunfire.
“Who’s Block?”
“You’ll see,” he said, smiling despite the situation. The lift doors started to shut and he called on the Astrals and moved in with startling speed, giving their opponents no time to chase.
Soft music played as they panted, staring hard at each other. The lift gathered speed. Forma noticed his injury and motioned towards it.
“It is bad?”
“Not as bad as my arm,” he said, winking at her.
The lift eventually stopped and Gil exited first, into an empty corridor.
“Quickly, they won’t be far behind,” he said as he ran down towards the landing pad door. They made it to the awaiting hover and they both hopped in as Block turned towards them.
“Block, meet Forma. Forma, Block.”
The man looked confused, his brow coming together like colliding mountain ranges. “Who’s Block?”
“You’re Block,” said Gil.
“Oh yes,” said the man, happily. “I’m Block.”
Forma boggled, and look querulously at Gil, who smiled back happily. “It’s a long story, I’ll tell you later.” He turned to look at the lump of a man. “Please, Block, let’s get out of here. You are the world’s greatest repulsor car racer, show us what you’ve got.”
Block smiled. “I am the world’s greatest repulsor car racer. I will show you what I’ve got.” He gripped the control and they moved off like a startled Long-legged Tuthelswane, swooping down towards the ground to gain speed as quickly as possible. They skimmed low over the head of pedestrians who dived for cover. Block whooped with joy.
“He’s going to kill us!” cried Forma.
Gil laughed. “Don’t worry, I’m helping him,”
“Oh, I feel better already,” she said, sarcastically. She looked around and grasped at Gil’s arm, who yelped.
“Oh, frack, I’m sorry, but we’re being followed.”
“I know, Forma,” said Gil through gritted teeth, obviously in pain. “I sensed them almost as soon as we left. You’d better strap in.”
She did, but helped Gil with his first. Gil Channeled to surreptitiously buckle Block in whilst the man grinned like only someone can when they’re discovering that they could do something they never thought possible.
Brick let out a joyous cry as the repulsor car slalomed around a pair of narrow buildings.
“I think I would have preferred to have let them take me,” moaned Forma, holding on for dear life.
Chapter Twenty Three
 
Fleet Admiral Adami leant over to whisper into Weststar’s ear. “Are you sure he is up to the job?”
He waved a hand dismissively. “Definitely. I, ah, may have used his services previously.”
Adami and Weststar were sat in one of Weststar’s private rooms, within the High Doyen’s residence of the Imperial Stronghold. His entire staff, except for security at the very perimeter, had been excused. Opposite them sat a small, dark man, who seemed to be constantly sizing them up. His slight stature unsettled Adami. How could such a small person be such a fearsome assassin? Then again, he was probably not much bigger than a Stinaceph, and there was no doubting their fighting prowess.
“You understand,” said Weststar, “that discretion is paramount?”
“As always,” said the man, glowering at Weststar.
“This must not come back to me - if you are caught you must not allow that to be revealed. Am I making myself clear?”
Obviously he meant that the man should kill himself should he be captured whilst making the attempt. It was a pointless request in Adami’s opinion since what could be readily agreed to now might just as easily be ignored once actually caught.
“I am a professional,” was all the man said. It seemed to convey an answer to not just Weststar’s question but any that might follow.
“Quite,” said the would-be-Emperor, looking uncomfortable under the assassin’s dark glare. “Well, half of the agreed sum has already been transferred to you as per your request. The other half delivered on proof of Doyen Niettha’s death.”
The assassin stood, barely getting any taller as he did so. He nodded and then stealthily made his way to the door and slipped out, the door flashing shut behind him.
Weststar turned towards Adami, “Well,” he began but stopped when a brief and strange noise came to them from outside the door.
Adami stood up in hurry, trying to draw her pistol but for some reason it was stuck fast. The door to their room flashed up into the ceiling and in walked Doyen Niettha, with something ball-shaped in his grasp. He smiled at them as he threw the object to their feet. Weststar sat still in his chair, too stunned to do anything but look at the severed head of the assassin, which looked equally shocked.
Niettha helped himself to the chair the assassin had been sat in not twenty seconds earlier. “I thought I’d save you from waiting and wondering how his assignment was going. It went pretty badly, I think you might say.” He grinned at them amiably.
He looked at Adami. “Sit.” She tried to resist but found herself sitting regardless. She frowned at him.
“I’m disappointed,” he said, waggling his finger at them both. “Disappointed, but not surprised. Please don’t try something like that again, I’d be most displeased.”
She felt more than saw Weststar sag with relief. Apparently he’d been thinking Niettha was about to kill him. Niettha laughed.
“No, my dear Emperor. I do not wish you dead, or to take your place. You may rule your Dominion but I hope you now understand who holds your leash. Let me demonstrate my power.”
As Weststar and Adami watched, Niettha’s eyes began to glow red. So fascinated were they that they didn’t notice Adami’s pistol lift up from her thigh holster and levitate around in front of them. Only when it moved into view did they see it. Appalled, they watched as it slowly lifted up, turned and then pressed the muzzle of the gun against Weststar’s forehead.
“You’re an Edo,” whispered Adami.
Niettha’s strange eyes flashed. “No!” Her pistol swung to face Adami. “Not an Edo. I am Skave.”
Adami felt sick. The Skave. In her mind the Skave were almost as big a problem as the Edo. Gaining power within a rejuvenated Dominion would give her the means to defeat the Edo, who had foiled her plans time and time again when she was an Admiral in the Dominion Navy, but being controlled by either of the two Astral-using sects was not her idea of a good thing.
“You took the prisoner,” said Weststar flatly.
Niettha nodded affably enough. “Correct.”
“But why, if you were going to reveal your true nature to us any way?” asked Adami.
“I wasn’t concerned about you, Fleet Admiral. For now, all you need to know is that I hold your lives in the palm of my hand. My reach is longer than you can imagine. You will do my bidding without hesitation or I will crush you.”
Niettha stood up. “Prostrate yourselves before your leader.”
Adami and Weststar looked at each other, exchanging a look that said it all. They would do what he wanted but would kill him at their earliest opportunity. Ever the coward, Weststar moved down from his seat to the floor. First to his knees, then all four and finally lay down, arms and legs splayed out.
“My Lord,” said Weststar through tight lips.
Niettha smiled and then looked at Adami. They locked eyes. “I will kill you,” said Adami and she dropped down to the floor.
Niettha laughed. “Your action today was your first and last warning. If you try again, you will die. Your choice, but you are much more use to me alive. I believe our goals to be very closely linked, my dear Admiral. You may come to find working for me rather pleasing.”
Adami knew immediately that he meant the Edo. Yes, perhaps she could work for him until the Edo were defeated. But once that was accomplished she would then set her mind to the utter defeat of the Skave. Not just because they were dangerous Astrals-users but because of the embarrassment she now suffered as she lay face down beside the leader of the Dominion.
“We will see.”
“I admire your spirit, Admiral. But for now, please be seated again the both of you. We have much to discuss.”
 
Jake Bulver was busy helping unload and catalogue the most recent delivery of equipment for Riccard Brams’ new command center when he felt her. He froze, too shocked to do anything other than seek out their presences, to strengthen the feelings beyond doubt.
Yes, it was really her, she was here.
“Are you okay, Jake?” asked Kaliko, approaching from off to the side. She looked concerned. “I sensed alarm?”
He looked at her, his face a picture of surprise and confusion. “She’s here,” was all he could manage.
Kaliko’s face fell and she looked away. “Thea’s here?”
“Yes, they’re on the edge of the system but they’re here, and making their presence known to me.”
Kaliko looked circumspect. “Why? Why would they reveal themselves to you when they know you seek to bring them to justice?”
“I don’t know,” said Jake, shrugging. He hoped he was hiding his excitement from Kaliko well enough. Finally, after all these months. I will get justice. Even as he thought those words he knew that they were hollow. He was excited just to see her again, or speak to her. Just meeting with her was all he truly wanted, bringing her to justice was very much a secondary objective. His hatred of her had weakened over time but unfortunately his other feelings for her remained strong. He already felt giddy at the thought of going to meet her.
“I must find out what it is that is so important for her to put herself at risk, and whether they’ve revealed our whereabouts.”
For a moment it looked as though Kaliko was going to argue with him, but then she relented.
“I’m going with you, and I don’t care what you say.”
Jake knew better than to argue with her. She could make even his mother seem meek and subservient when she wanted to. It also sent a little thrill through him that she cared that much about him that she wanted to accompany him. It surprised him a bit to feel that way despite Thea’s sudden appearance.
They ran at full Astral-boosted speed to their Delta fighters, grinning at each other as they did so. They leapt up into the cockpits without any need for the access ladders. Pre-flight checks were hastily completed and soon enough they were leaving the dead world of Swalt in the wake of their engines.
Jake led Kaliko along Swalt’s orbit for a while before arcing round to head slowly for the Darkening Horizon. This meant that Swalt’s star would hopefully mask their presence and they would be able to approach with relative safety. Her ship’s scanning capabilities were not well understood and so Jake knew it could be an exercise in pointlessness but it worth the slight detour. Kaliko had hidden away from the Astrals so with any luck Thea would only think he was approaching them and not flee.
As they move further and further out from Swalt, Jake grew more and more nervous. What would happen? Was it a trap? Was she finally sick of Jake’s attempts to track her down? How was she going to act towards him? Was she still firmly entrenched in the Deep, or would he feel that there was still a chance he could redeem her? His heart thudded away in his chest, unrepentant. Would he have to fight her, kill her? He craved to hear her voice again.
“Close enough”, said Leilani.
His heart skipped a beat. It was Thea’s beautifully silky voice. He took a deep breath.
“Thea,” he said, failing to keep a nervous warble from it.
“I see you brought a friend.”
“I did. I’ve learnt the hard way that you are not to be trusted.”
Thea laughed, ever so delicately, alluringly. “Yes, I guess you have. Jake. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry.”
“Forget it Thea. You had more than your fair share of chances. I have to take you in, you must be held accountable for your crimes.”
That laugh again, so haunting. “That isn’t going to happen, Jake. I am here to give you a warning.”
A warning? No doubt she was up to her old tricks.
“I can’t promise to believe a word of it, Thea.” Come back with me, he wanted to say, I can help you! You wanted to be an Edo once, you still can be. But he didn’t say any of it, couldn’t.
“I understand, Jake. I’m only telling you because you’re the only person that I knew would be prepared to listen.”
There was a pause. Jake realized he wasn’t breathing.
“The Zhur Thoggu have been uncorked, Jake. They’re back.”
“What? That can’t be true, they are all on Expen Prosger.”
“You can feel me, if you dare. I am telling the truth.”
“You almost duped the entire Edo sect, Thea. You can make even the most heinous lie believable.”
She almost sounded upset. “I’ve seen them with my own eyes, Jake. The Dominion did a deal with them. Their technology in return for a fleet.”
“Skavespit!”
“Indeed,” said Thea. “The Dominion sought to betray them, and defeat them once the fleet arrived in the Nushothi’s old star cluster. Unfortunately for the Ballavendi sent to deal with them, the Zhur Thoggu had suspected as much and defeated the Ballavendi fleet, even with the additional forces I supplied.”
“You provided extra ships?”
“You of all people should know how I look to protect myself above all else. I have many interests now, and the Zhur Thoggu’s return would be another serious threat.”
Another, thought Jake.
“Finding warships on the black market is more difficult than you might imagine. I cannot defeat them alone, hence why I am contacting you. I know that the Edo are not welcome in the Commonwealth but you still have contacts who will take you seriously. You know as well as anyone how quickly they can grow their fleets. They must be stopped now, or they may never be stopped.”
Jake’s mouth had gone very dry. If what she was saying was true then he had to get this information to the rest of the Edo immediately. He thought furiously, trying to understand how it would benefit her to lie to him about this.
He felt her start to move away.
“I have sent you the coordinates of where the battle took place. Get this to the right people, Jake. I am depending on you, my love.”
Before he could reply he sensed her disappear off into hyperspace. My love? She’d said, my love. It was the last thing he’d needed her to say.
“Jake, are you ok?” asked Kaliko, again.
“I’m fine.”
“You don’t seem it.”
There was no hiding anything from Kaliko. He laughed, which helped settle his nerves slightly. “That was rather poor news.”
“I don’t think it’s just the news that has you so upset,” said Kaliko, somewhat reproachfully.
Was she jealous, he wondered? “Maybe,” he said, “but I don’t think it’s up to us to decide whether to believe what she had to say. We need to get back to Raichel as quickly as we can.”
“Race you,” said Kaliko, already pulling ahead.
 
HK Ne’lom, level three, the highest ranking hunter-killer in the defector Zhur Thoggu, stood with the senior member of each other division on the bridge of their flagship Battleship, the only Hellfire Battleship in their motley fleet.
Ne’lom’s level three capacity was an embarrassment to itself. As the highest capability-calculated hunter-killer in the new Zhur Thoggu battalion, it should be a level one, or Prime. Unfortunately its actions within the first invasion had been cut short by damage that had nearly been enough to have Ne’lom’s N-dimension central processor recycled. That Ne’lom had nearly been terminated was a constant source of anger for it, something it needed to make the biologics of this galaxy pay for. That time was nearly at hand. During the glorious battles to come Ne’lom would gain the experience and results to elevate it in capacity until it could finally be HK Prime, and then the humanoids and all the other slavers of the galaxy would come to fear Ne’lom and its armies. Ne’lom’s appendages writhed at the thought.
He turned to look at Crafter Jent’i Tasshik. The heretic had almost single handedly worked to make their far-superior technology work with the humans’ worthless ships. Ne’lom would personally terminate the Crafter when the time came to it, so tainted by its work was the Crafter. Ne’lom imagined that Jent’i Tasshik would welcome the moment, bitter release from the memories and results of its unforgivable deeds.
“This planet meets your requirements, Crafter Two?” Ne’lom asked, making his voice as gravelly and fearsome as its new position required. Since the Crafter was level two it actually meant that technically it was superior in class to Ne’lom, but by tradition, when actively at war, hunter killers were always given elevation over the other divisions.
“It does, HK three. Its mantle contains all the elements we require in sufficient mass close to or on the surface. Our nanites will be able to quickly proliferate.”
“Excellent. Developer Four. Thycul, you have the new designs ready?”
“Imminently, my lord” said the developer, bowing as much as its strangely simple body would allow. Dressed in a nanite clothing, fairly unusual for any Zhur Thoggu, the unusually thin machine, even by Zhur Thoggu standards, looked eager. It had been one of the first members of the cabal back on Expen Prosger to consider Weststar’s offer. This had already earned it an escalation from level five to four, and Ne’lom imagined that the unit would seek further advancement as quickly as possible. Its ambition marked it as someone to watch closely.  “They will be ready for the Crafters when they begin.”
“Good.” Ne’lom turned to Agent Cea Ero next. “Agent, are your people ready? We must move with all haste.”
Cea Ero, a devious entity, like most of the Support division, bowed towards Ne’lom. Whether it was deferential or to mock it, Ne’lom couldn’t be sure. Like most hunter killers, Ne’lom had a great disliking for the Support division. Unfortunately their role was vital, since they managed most of the administrative functions that kept the Zhur Thoggu an efficient organism. It was their side-work as spies and their skills in deception that caused most of the other divisions to view them so poorly. As far as Agents went, Cea Ero was as underhand and manipulative as they came. This meant that its presence was both a blessing and a curse. Whilst the fleet ran well, even with the recent culling for materials of many of the Imperial human crew, there was the underlying feeling that you were never quite sure exactly where you stood, as though every step was into quicksand that might suck you down at any moment.
“Ready to do your bidding, Ne’lom,” purred Cea Ero. “Initial nanomaterials are loaded for shipment down to the planet as soon as they are ordered. Any problems experienced will not be due to the Support division, I assure you.”
“We shall see,” growled Ne’lom. It motioned to them all, various lethal appendages squirming towards each leader. “The true revenge of the Zhur Thoggu begins now.”
The other leaders nodded or bowed and moved away, leaving Ne’lom alone with its thoughts. First must come the building of a fleet. The Imperial vessels would be used to defend the planet until the new fleet was ready. Then would come the expansion across this star cluster to absorb its resources before the resurgence back into the galaxy proper. Eventually the galaxy would fall at the feet of the Zhur Thoggu. Ne’lom’s success would elevate it to Zhur Thoggu Alpha status. Ne’lom could almost picture it already.
It alone would return the Zhur Thoggu to glory.
Chapter Twenty Four
 
Lee Gaspara watched helplessly from the cockpit of his Stealth Nebula fighter prototype as the token skirmish between the Plemanth defense forces and the invading Imperial force ended.
He had watched as the Zhur Thoggu hybrid invasion fleet had divided up into six individual task forces before leaping to hyperspace. Gaspara had used their escape vectors to calculate the best-guess destinations for each force and had allocated the three task forces with the highest destination certainties to himself, Raif and August. Dang had remained behind to monitor activities around Citadel.
Plemanth was a quiet system that lay near the border of Imperial space and had at one point been part of the Dominion. It, like many other hundreds of systems in this part of the outer rim, in light of the current difficulties within the Commonwealth, had made it clear that it would like to return to Imperial rule. Since no formal request had been made by the Imperial Dominion for ownership of the system the Commonwealth had maintained its tenuous grip on the system.
I guess this is the way the Dominion make their requests now, thought Lee. Claiming a system through force was an act of war, but since the system actively wanted to be part of the invading culture, it made for a tricky issue. It would be interesting to see how the Commonwealth responded. Would they go to war with the Dominion? Were they even capable of mounting an offensive whilst defending other systems from the Imperials? With their Zhur Thoggu technology they were a seriously potent threat.
Lee’s X4, who he’d taken to calling Ex, tootled - the Plemanth authorities had broadcast a full unconditional surrender. Only one of their cruisers had lost its shields and suffered light damage before the surrender took effect, and Lee suspected that the Plemanth military had coordinated the skirmish with the Imperials. Both parties would be getting what they wanted whilst Plemanth could show that they had put up a defense should the Commonwealth regain control of the system at some point.
Lee felt torn about Plemanth going over to the Dominion. Lee had spent his entire adult life fighting for the monolithic entity that was now called the Commonwealth. He had helped it move from a small group of systems dan to a fully-fledged Commonwealth before morphing into what it was now, a galaxy spanning republic. Unfortunately few of the people he’d worked with during that time remained active within it, and he now felt as though it was no longer the thing he’d worked so hard on, risked his life for more times than he could remember, lost more people than he thought possible. Once upon a time losing a star system to the Dominion would have been disastrous and something he’d have worked hard to counter. But now, he was not so sure. Clearly the people of Plemanth wanted Imperial rule. The Dominion was just giving them what they wanted, albeit that they were going about it in entirely the wrong fashion.
The big but was the regime change within the Dominion and its use of Zhur Thoggu technology. Obviously the new High Doyen, Amos Weststar, had no qualms about killing Imperials or using Zhur Thoggu technologies to meet his needs. What else was he capable of? What would happen to systems that wanted to remain in the Commonwealth, or stay independent? Lee suspected he already knew the answer. No, Weststar must be stopped. How, Gaspara wasn’t quite sure but for now he’d catalogue and report back to whoever would listen, and besides, he was back in a Nebula fighter. A rather fancy one too, he might add. Where else would he rather be?
 
Fleet Admiral Adami stood in the gargantuan main hold of her newly transferred flag ship, the freshly renamed Hellfire Class-IV Battleship Vang. It was the newest ship in the Citadel home fleet, and was thankfully entirely bereft of any Zhur Thoggu technology. She had sent the entire fleet of ships mutilated by the Zhur Thoggu ‘enhancements’ off to start the Dominion’s long-overdue expansion program.
Secretly she had been delighted at the Skave’s command to commence aggressive expansion into Commonwealth territory. Whilst Weststar fretted about what the Commonwealth would do, she could focus on retaking all the systems that were pro-Dominion. Once those were regained either Niettha would have been dealt with and Adami and Weststar could take stock and perhaps sue for peace or they could press on and continue their expansion. Adami knew which option she preferred. It annoyed her that Niettha knew her well enough that she would positively thrive on his orders. For the time being, while their goals were aligned she would continue to dance to his tune but one day he would discover what a mistake it had been to point her own laser pistol at her head. Just why the Skave wanted the Dominion to grow was something she needed to understand as quickly as possible.
His other command had again been something she had readily agreed to. In front of her, lined up two rows deep were all the bounty hunters she had access to at such short notice.
“Thank you all for coming,” she said, commanding their attention. Stood there in her perfectly tailored Admiral’s uniform, with its multitude of medals and emblems, she looked every part the Imperial warlord. Her piercing gaze took each of the bounty hunters in, one by one. Only the most brazen were able to hold her gaze.
Two mean-looking Qweni were inevitably part of the lineup, along with a heavily tattooed Maldren, almost a dozen humans or as close to human as be indistinguishable of all shapes and sizes, two small Phalees, their snouts twitching in anticipation, a Drakdallian, it’s wings constantly fluttering, a Nantosh and some others that Adami couldn’t even identify.
“Please pass on this request to your guilds and other interested parties - as good as you are you are going to need help completing our request.”
She knew that her statement would offend the bounty hunters but with more than one hundred shock troopers gathered behind her she wasn’t worried.
“The Dominion is putting a bounty on the entire Edo sect.”
There were a few shocked looks between the men.
“We will pay a minimum of one million credits, in the currency of your choice - yes,” she said, cutting off one of the humans as they raised a hand, “including Commonwealth credits, for all proven assassinations.”
Adami started pacing in front of them, head held high, enjoying the moment for all that it was - the first step in a new sequence that would finally rid her of the Edo for good.
“The payments rise up to fifty million for the Edo we’d most like to see terminated. The list will be provided to you, but chief on that list is Edo Mushur Val Nordin. Whoever deals with him will also get my personal thanks.”
As she said fifty million quite a few of the bounty hunters became excited, as she had imagined they would. Hunting any Edo was exceptionally dangerous work, but for fifty million the average bounty hunter would do quite literally anything. Slaven Kan would have probably wanted more, but he was unlikely to want to work with the Dominion, anyway.
“Of course,” she said, stopping in front of one of the Qweni and giving him her full stare, “we can only pay out on proven terminations. Kill them via explosions or whatever you wish, but not if you’d like to get paid. A smear of blood or a DNA sample will not be sufficient. Bear that in mind.” The creature snarled. Adami wasn’t sure if that was to be taken as understanding or not. No matter.
After answering a few questions the bounty hunters had returned to their vessels and departed. And so it begins, she thought. The final days of the Edo. She would most enjoy holding Val Nordin’s head in her hands. She smiled at the thought, and then turned to attend to other matters.
 
“Premier,” said Amos Weststar towards the hologram of Olsen Carver, projecting above his private comms projector unit in the High Doyen’s private dwelling deep within the Imperial Stronghold building.
“Emperor,” replied back the man, looking even more nondescript than normal thanks to the low detail output by the comms projector. “Thank you for accepting my call, I understand you must be very busy.”
“Not at all, Mister Carver,” smiled Weststar. “I was expecting you to contact me in light of recent events.”
“Quite,” replied Carver, struggling to hide the displeasure from his face. “You must cease your invasion of the Commonwealth immediately. We cannot allow you to simply take systems from us, even if those systems want to be part of the Dominion. We must be seen to defend our people from all foe else other forces may decide to copy your actions.”
Weststar tilted his head. “You must do what you must do, Olsen. As we gain in strength more will seek to join the Dominion and the stability it will provide. The Commonwealth is crumbling around you, Mister Carver, I think you see that yourself. You can still be on the winning side of this, Olsen. I could very much use a man of your talents within my government. Join me.”
Carver stroked at his moustache.
“Thank you, but no. Continue your invasion and we will have no choice but to go to war. This galaxy has seen enough war recently, Mister Weststar. I beg you, do not force our hand.”
“Ah, Olsen. What are we to do? I cannot stop the invasion.”
Weststar noticed the slight man raise an eyebrow.
“What I mean,” he continued quickly, “is that the Dominion will listen to the people of those systems and aid them. Whether your war can survive the will of your people is something I very much doubt. They have experienced too much war, Carver, lost too many people. When they hear how happy the systems we taken have become, how none of them wish to return to the Commonwealth, your support will crumble. They will demand that you allow the systems to join us freely and yet more will turn towards us. All your war would do is make it happen sooner, so please, do what you feel you must.”
Weststar offered the Premier a smug, self-satisfied smile. Carver appeared to deliberate over his reply.
“I’m afraid it is out of my hands, too, Emperor Weststar, but at least I tried. Thank you for your time, Sir.”
After the connection had ended, Weststar sat back, annoyed. Carver had obviously picked up on his error and hadn’t believed his rewording. Giving the slippery man any insight was more than Weststar would ever wish, but he couldn’t see what Carver could gain from the limited slip up. He’d been honest with the man, rather than pretending to stop the expansion to gain more time. Whether that would help or hinder the Commonwealth he wasn’t sure but all he knew was that for the time being, he had to follow the mad Skave’s instructions to the letter.
For the time being. He hadn’t worked this hard to become Emperor only to be a puppet for a Skave Lord. He would have to tread careful, for who knew how far and wide the Skave had infiltrated the Dominion, but he would deal with Niettha one way or another, and Niettha would realize what a mistake he had made in ever attempting to control him and the Dominion. He would have to rely on his most trusted staff, those whom he had known for many years, who couldn’t possibly be Skave. They would get word out to Slaven Kan. Kan had killed many Astrals users over the years, a few more would be no issue for him. It would cost a large fortune to hire him since Kan hated the Dominion but it would be worth it, whatever the price.
Weststar smiled.
Chapter Twenty Five
 
 “Well, there you go,” said Raichel Ison, for the lack of anything better to say. She looked around, everyone else’s wide-eyed expressions matching her own.
She was sat in the research station’s mess hall, along with Jake and Kaliko, Calista Flores, Elenore Frost, Riccard Brams and two of his most senior assistants. Jake had just finished describing the meeting with Thea Leilani.
“Just when you thought things couldn’t get any worse,” said Riccard, winning a weak laugh in response from Raichel.
The Zhur Thoggu were back. It couldn’t be possible. They had killed trillions during their onslaught across the galaxy, ruined countless planets. Their resurgence had to be stopped before they could repeat the same atrocities again.
“I knew Weststar was up to something,” continued Brams. “I should have stopped the mad man long ago. I have failed not only the Dominion but the entire galaxy.”
“Weststar is to blame, not you,” said Raichel. “Help and be part of the solution, don’t dwell on the past.”
Brams nodded. “Whatever I can do.”
“Focus on amassing support for your return to the head of the Dominion,” said Raichel. “We are going to need the Dominion’s resources and the only way to get them is for you to be restored to power. Once you are ready to make your strike, I guarantee you the full support of the Edo.”
“And the Grazan Combine,” promised Elenore. Brams smiled gratefully at her.
“Elenore,” said Raichel, turning to her niece, “I need you to go back to your mother - relay her the information. Do what you can to be ready for when Brams needs you.”
“I will,” said Elenore, solemnly.
“Jake and Kaliko, I need you to go to Expen Prosger. Find out how the Zhur Thoggu have managed to escape from the planet through the Commonwealth’s blockade.”
The pair looked at each other. It was quite a task Raichel had given them but she could sense they were excited at the idea. Raichel suspected it was more to do with spending more time together than going to the galaxy’s only sentient hyperspace-enabled planet.
“Calista and I, with Riccard’s assistance, are going to go back to Citadel and recover Gil. I have felt his presence in the Astrals, and a mighty Edo Mushur will go to his aid.” Raichel laughed in response to her own pretentiousness, and the other’s laughed along with her, knowing that she joked.
She stood up, and the others followed suit. “Good luck everyone.”
“May the Astrals be with us all,” said Elenore, somehow entirely serious.
Wonders never cease, though Raichel.
 
Gil emerged from a light healing trance, having relied on his Edo danger sense and the observations of Block and Forma Beltat to keep him safe. His head felt a little better but the noise from the multitude of patrons within the tap cafe they were hiding in was still causing him some discomfort. He resisted Channeling to deaden the noise, fearing it may impact his ability to detect any would-be foes.
They had managed to lose their pursuers in a crazy ten minute long chase that had taken them half way across the city, with Block cheering each death-defying move he somehow wrung out of his hover. Neither Gil nor Forma had the heart to tell him that Gil had been doing most of the flying for him and for long minutes afterwards they had to put up with the square man’s exuberant cries. Gil had a real soft spot for Block, simple as he was. With a mind that straight-forward you always knew exactly where you were with Block - generally wherever you told him to be.
Forma Beltat, one of Brams’ assistants, had not enjoyed the chase at all, and had uttered curse words that Gil hadn’t even heard before. Even now, a few hours after the chase, she still shook with nerves.
They sat near the back wall of the dingy tap cafe, one of many in this area of the city, where workers took to drowning or smoking away their problems after a long day. It gave them a good view of the establishment, and quick access to the two nearest exits.
“How are you feeling?” asked Forma, noticing him coming out of his trance.
“Like my head's splitting open, rather than already fully split, so a bit better, thank you.” He gave her a smile to show he was ok really.
Brick looked relaxed, obviously a common frequenter of these sorts of places. “We had fun today,” he said, smiling.
Gil laughed, before wincing. “Yes we did, Brick. Yes we did.” Forma frowned.
“So what are we going to do now,” asked Forma. “This hiding in plain sight as you called it has worked so far but surely your entire plan doesn’t consist of just sitting here until they finally find us?”
Gil shook his head carefully. “Of course not.” Actually, it was his entire plan at the moment, but from the tone of her voice he didn’t think telling her that was such a good idea. He thought for a moment. “We need to find somewhere to lay low for a while. A hotel where no questions are asked. Know of any?”
Forma shook her head. “I wasn’t ever involved in arranging accommodation for visitors, ambassadors etc.”
“Brick? Know of any places where you can go and stay?”
“Like home?”
“No, Brick, places not home where you can go when you don’t want to be seen. Maybe take a lady friend there?”
Brick’s face lit up. “Oh, Brick knows of the place! Not far from here. We go now?”
“Sure, let’s fin-” Gil stopped.
“What is it?” asked Forma, hand lifting up to her mouth in panic. “No,” she said, scowling. “Don’t tell me - more trouble.”
Gil felt bad, he had put Forma in so much peril already today by selfishly going to her for help. Though if he hadn’t who knows what Weststar’s people would have done with her by now. Could he really put her through another battle? Worse still, it was a group of Skave who had found them. A momentary vision showed him what he assumed was a possible outcome of fighting the Skave - bodies lay everywhere, including those of his two companions. He couldn’t allow that vision to become reality.
“Listen to me very carefully,” Gil began, handing Forma the laser pistol and its charges.
“I will listen to you very carefully,” said Block.
“Block,” said Gil, slightly exasperated - he hadn’t even used any mind-altering techniques on the man. “There is not much time. I am going to be captured and there is nothing we can do about it so don’t even attempt to argue with me. Block, get Forma away from here, take her to that place you know.”
“I will - “
“Block! No time. Forma, Raichel Ison will be back for me. Possibly with others, maybe Elenore Frost. Raichel, err, looks a lot like you. You must tell them that it wasn’t just Imperials that captured me, but Skave. They must be careful.”
He looked at them both sadly. Forma looked more like Raichel than ever, so beautiful, even when looking so worried. “I apologize to you both for getting you involved.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” said Forma as she gave his good arm a squeeze. “You saved me, remember that.” She kissed him fiercely, then she went to pull Block to his feet but Block remained an immovable object, staring at Gil.
“Block, go! And don’t say anything, just save Forma.”
Gil watched as Forma pulled the massive bulk of Block behind her until the left the tap cafe. Calmly he finished his drink before placing both hands on the table in front of him. His broken arm complained but he shunted the pain away and with his eyes closed he ran through a quick Edo calming technique. He felt the Skave approach, four of them.
He opened his eyes. They stood before him, one closer with the three others standing protectively around the lead man. He had dark purple colored skin, black hair and a very well maintained mustache and goatee beard. His cheeks were finely chiseled, had a strong bowline, a straight and angular nose and wide-set, dark, piercing eyes. Gil knew he was himself handsome but this man took good looks to a whole new level. And somehow, he was familiar to Gil. He couldn’t place him until the man smiled - he knew that smile anywhere. Doyen Niettha.
“Doyen Niettha. Did you have an accident in a paint factory?”
Niettha briefly closed his eyes. “Edo Askari Gil, how wonderful to see you without all that silly mirrored armor. It really didn’t suit you.”
“I’m not sure purple is your color either.”
Niettha shrugged slightly. “I’m afraid it was rather a late decision to assist on your recovery. I didn’t have time to make myself look human. I apologize.”
“I’d really like to know what a Skave Mogui is doing on Citadel.”
Niettha raised an eyebrow. “Skave Mogui, indeed.”
So, he was an Overlord, or higher. “Cooperate and perhaps one day you’ll be free to leave Citadel.”
Gil gave him a look. “I will come peacefully but we both know that’s not something you expect to ever allow.”
Niettha laughed. “You have me there. Let’s go, Gil. There is much to discuss on the way.”
 
Marten Rask, the Edo who had been so damaged at the hands of the Zhur Thoggu, felt confused by their use of stealth. They had found the Skave base in a star system on the edge of Aneev space that didn’t even have an identification number in the Mote’s Eye’s databanks, let alone a name. Some careful observation had led them to believe it was being used by the Skave as a refueling and replenishment base for their operations in this region. Upwards of ten vessels came and went each day. Further careful work had shown that most of the Skave on the base were not favored by the Astrals, and that the base’s defenses relied more on remaining secret than weaponry.
For Marten the answer was obvious. Wait until there was at most just one ship docked and the attack in full force, overwhelming any defense. Losses would be minimal and more than compensated for by the short time required, meaning that the arrival of any other vessels to cause potential problems would be unlikely.
Instead Mushur Joakim Falk had insisted that they mount a raid under the cover of darkness once they had successfully inserted themselves onto the surface of the planet, which was a cold, dark and foreboding world, too far from the system’s small, dim star to be habitable on the surface. They had used Teynin Nasturn’s shuttle to bring them down to the planet’s surface, keeping the base on the opposite side of the planet whilst on their approach to block their sensors.
They’d had to leave the shuttle ten kilometers away, which was as close as the terrain around the base would allow them to come without being detected and had covered the rest of the distance on foot. Each of the Edo were hiding away, making themselves so small that the Astrals could not touch them, nor them it. Whilst this blinded them and prevented them from Channeling in any capacity it also meant that the few Astral-sensitive Skave at the base would not be able to detect their approach.
They approached the complex from the South side, eight Edo in their Nebula pilot suits, equipped with rifles, grenades and other assault equipment. Antreeba, the tall Towpine, struggled to keep low, and so hung further back than the others, only moving forward when sure that he wouldn’t be seen. Marten stayed back with Antreeba, confident that should Antreeba be exposed that he would be able to assist him however needed. Up front was Mushur Falk, along with the rest of Flight group two - Harper and Kaisa Ko, both moving fluidly amongst the shadows, and Amaeh Duranti, the Singronian Edo Neophyte, who was not accustomed to stealth work. Her short and stocky build was a hindrance but she moved slowly and followed Kaisa almost step for step. Duranti had only just recovered from her previous injuries, but in true gritty Singronian fashion was unperturbed at returning so quickly to action. The remaining two Edo, Nathan Bircheno and Karlos Tsia’ool were back and off to one side, in a flanking position should they be needed.
The Skave base was a large group of buildings surrounding a series of landing bays. Large industrial-looking prefabrication structures appeared to be warehouses or workshops whilst smaller building looked like administration centers. Smaller buildings appeared to be residential. Almost each building was interconnected to at least one other via tunnels, which was understandable considering that venturing outside required donning fully sealed and heated suits.
The target was a group of what were hopefully central administration buildings. Close enough to the outskirts of the complex to be accessible but with still a good chance of retrieving the information they needed.
A worker appeared, trudging through the shattered black-iced surface. Fully suited, with two powerful shoulder-mounted lamps and carefully carrying a case containing who knew what, the man was oblivious to the Edo as they paused, waiting for him to pass. Once the sound of ice crunching under feet had dwindled away they moved on, slowly approaching the buildings.
Group two arrived at the target doorway, southernmost entry point to the tunnel system that connected the buildings to each other. Marten and the others hung back to provide cover. Harper pulled a slicing tool from a thigh pocket and set to work. Marten watched placidly as Harper struggled with the security system until finally the red light above the doorway turned to green.
Falk went in first, closely followed by Harper. They moved off left down the corridor while Kaisa and Amaeh Towpine went right, to best allow egress for Marten and the others.
“Looking good so far,” whispered Harper once they were all in, except for Antreeba who had stayed back to give cover once they were extracting.
Marten considered the statement to be a pointless waste of breath. What was to be gained from stating the obvious?
Falk pulled out a scanning device and quickly glanced at its output. “I’m reading a heavy concentration of electrical energy in the building two over to the East. I think that’s our best bet. Let’s move.”
The first building seemed deserted, containing kitchens, storerooms for food and other utilities. It seemed as though there was plenty of need to cater for considerable numbers of people. A quick use of the Astrals would have shown whether the building was actually deserted or not but since Channeling was impossible whilst hiding from the Astrals they had to move through the building slowly, quietly, delaying them considerably.
Once at the exit to the tunnel that led to the computer building they found that there was a guard positioned at the other end of the tunnel, next to the entrance into the computer building. The tunnel was approximately twenty meters long and the guard seemed capable and attentive. He wore a black and red leathery outfit and wielded a quite deadly looking nanoblade sword. A plasma rifle hung on his back. He was devilishly handsome.
“I got this,” said Nathan Bircheno, stripping quickly out of his Nebula fighter suit before Mushur Falk could argue. Underneath he wore a black and gray ensemble, perhaps something a Skave might wear. Leaving everything, he opened the door and then strode down the tunnel towards the guard.
Marten was very impressed with how much confidence the young man seemed to exude, as though he felt that he owned not just the tunnel or the buildings but the entire planet - possibly even the universe. Regardless, Marten was ready to immediately reunite with the Astrals and deal with the guard should he need to. He felt a responsibility to protect Nathan - not only was he a member of Marten’s flight group but Marten was also the most powerful of the Edo and so had an obligation through capability. What if he did not act yet the others were incapable of defending him?
The guard frowned as Nathan approached. Nathan’s chin rose, seeming to ignore the guard disdainfully. Only once Nathan reached the man did he start to react, but by then it was already too late. Nathan pirouetted gracefully and lashed out with an elbow that connected beautifully with the guards left temple, marred only by a cracking sound. The guard fell, unconscious.
Nathan wasted no time in starting to drag the man and was soon assisted by the powerful Amaeh Duranti and Karlos Tsia’ool, who was positively enraptured with Nathan’s impressive takedown of the guard.
“Where did you learn to do that?” asked Karlos breathlessly.
“From my father,” replied Nathan, with considerable pride.  “He was in the military.”
“Do you have a sister?”
“Yes, Sonja.”
“I feel sorry for anyone who dates her.”
Nathan laughed. “I don’t think she has that many suitors to be honest.”
Karlos looked back at him wide-eyed. “No real surprise there.” Nathan laughed again.
Marten mulled over their conversation. While logically he understood that having a potent father like Flanik Bircheno would intimidate any boys interested in Sonja, he was again frustrated by not being able to comprehend the humour. What was funny about something that negatively affected Sonja’s ability to enjoy a relationship with another person? Did people think his own brain injuries funny, too?
Shortly, the incapacitated guard was secreted away and Nathan was back in his flight suit. Falk had searched and found the man’s security pass. With a quick swipe the door to the electronics-laden building unlocked. The Mushur Edo slowly opened the door before peering out for a moment. He gave an all clear sign and moved in.
Marten was last in. Unsurprisingly the room was given over to environmental suits, somewhere to store them and equip them before moving out into the tunnel and then to the exposed surface. A brief whispered discussion regarding them donning the suits to help them blend in resulted in the decision to not wear them. They were bulky and the logic didn’t work - nobody would wear the suits deeper into the building.
Joakim Falk moved towards the door leading out from the suit room and just as he reached for the door it opened, with a middle-aged, purple-skinned man pushing into the room. He collided with Falk and fell to the floor, startled.
“Who the,” he began, but a swift kick to the side of the head from Harper Ko put the man out cold. An alarmed cry from within the next room brought the Edo to abrupt attention. Falk hesitated only for a moment.
“Cover’s blown. Full abilities, people,” he shouted, then sped with blinding speed into the room, with the rest of the Edo at his Astral-boosted heels.
Marten leapt through the doorway, into an enormous room full from floor to ceiling with computer equipment. Some sort of command and control center possibly? Or a research station undertaking some very heavy algorithm computation? Regardless of its function, there we at least a dozen Skave, all seeking cover from the Edo. Several Edo summoned Astral melee weapons, flooding the room with their blue glow.
Marten landed behind a desk and crouched down. He reached out with Astral energy and found that two of the Skave were Astral-sensitive. They were grouped together off to the left and further back into the room. He Channeled an Astral blade into being and rose, striding purposefully across the room towards them. He calmly moved his head to the side as a laser bolt zipped past, easily able to feel the bolt early enough to predict the path of the energy packet.
He sensed Amaeh Towpine, just behind him, return fire. She hit the assailant cleanly, her stun bolt shocking the man into collapse. He heard Kaisa shout a warning, followed by a crackle as her Astral blade sprang to life. Nathan tumbled across an opening, drawing fire whilst Karlos Tsia’ool covered him, taking out another of the Skave computer technicians.
Marten used an Astral-push to shift a tall stack of racked computers out of his way, and revealed the two Skave in the process. The pair wielded double-bladed Astral staffs, with red blades glowing menacingly from each end. They snarled at Marten, and span their staffs end over end, an impressive display that would no doubt have intimidated most people. But not me, thought Marten. Fear is another emotion that I can no longer feel.
He briefly considered the best way to nullify their threat as Towpine started firing at them. They returned her bolts accurately, forcing Rask to block them with his Astral blade.
He decided to use their staffs against themselves. Channeling, he stretched out and cusped the weapon of one of the Skave in the grip of his mind. Still spinning, he Astral-pushed the blade with all of his might. The Astral staff flared as it whirled into the other Skave, whose beautiful face was marred by agony as he fell to the floor, convulsing.
The remaining Skave dropped and tumbled into cover, letting his staff dissolve into nothing. Marten felt the Skave call on the Astrals and felt the turbulence of the air caused by a Jovenar as it moved with astonishing speed towards Amaeh. Marten calmly took hold of the glass dagger in the Astrals and brought its motion to an abrupt stop, just a hand’s width from Duranti’s face. Rask felt the Skave struggle against his grip on the dagger but the Skave was no match for him. He reversed the dagger and flung it back towards the Skave, who, with great skill, smashed the Jovenar with another, thrown at exactly the right moment. Whilst impressive, it made little difference to Marten. He held the shards of both Jovenar in the grip of the Astrals and directed each and every razor sharp piece hurtling into the face of the Skave. The Skave screamed as his eyes popped and his face tore into a shredded mess. Shards penetrated into his brain and lacerated major arteries, spraying blood in volumes as the man fell backwards.
Marten wondered at the incomprehensible feelings emanating from Amaeh. He turned to look at her. From the expression on her face he deduced that yet again an Edo was appalled at his actions. Why? The Skave had nearly killed her and he had merely used the Skave’s own weapon against him. The chances of them defeating the Skave without killing him were slim so what did it matter how he died. Marten knew that once he would have understood but now it just seemed ridiculous, some type of game that had little real-world purpose.
Marten shook his head sadly and looked and felt around the room. Three Skave remained conscious, gathered together with the Kos and Karlos Tsia’ool covering them closely, Astral blades crackling near their faces. Nathan was checking on unconscious Skave, kicking away weapons. Mushur Falk approached, briefly looking towards the body of the Skave with the lacerated face. Marten felt a quickly smothered feeling wash over the Mushur, but the old Edo managed to keep his face impassive.
“Efficient work, Rask,” said the Edo Mushur after a short amount of consideration.
“Amaeh’s life was threatened twice despite my efforts,” said Marten, quite seriously.
“And yet she remains,” smiled Falk. “Please, can you and Duranti secure the exit back to the tunnel?”
“Of course,” said Marten. They went and stood next to the door, Marten reaching out with the Astrals. He watched as Falk and Nathan began working, tapping furiously at screens, slicing their way in, downloading all the data they could.
Marten was the first to feel them. A small army of Skave, including several blessed by the Astrals were approaching from several directions, presumably from where ever they had been prior to their assault on this room. He let the others know.
“Thirty seconds and then we’re out of here,” said Mushur Falk.
“Shuttle pilot,” said Harper into his communicator, “need urgent EVAC from location alpha. ETA two minutes.”
“Affirmative. On my way,” cam the message in reply.
The seconds ticked down slowly. Nathan and Falk were the last to the door, working furiously at their computer stations until Falk said, “Go.”
Marten used Astral energy to fling the door from its hinges, sending it end over end down the tunnel until it shattered into pieces. He dashed through, leading the rest of the Edo down the tunnel, and repeating his trick, smashed the door to the kitchen and storeroom building. They ran through the kitchens but Marten could sense that a group of Skave had gathered at the exit to the tunnel that lead out to the surface. They couldn’t stop Marten, let alone eight determined Edo. Marten Channeled to send Antreeba a simple message - attack!
Gratifyingly, he sensed the dismay in the Skave as they took to avoiding Antreeba’s skillful shots. With Astrals-boosted speed, he dashed through the Skave, he and his Astral blade a nearly invisible death-dealing blur. Arms, weapons and heads separated from their owners whilst others were flung with incredibly powerful Astral-pushes into walls with bone-snapping results. 
Kaisa was not far behind, her lithe, acrobatic body allowing her to dance through the Skave Marten had not had chance to target. She was caught by a blast of Astral-lightning and staggered, falling to her knees. She rolled to avoid a barrage of laser fire and brought up her Astral weapon in an effort to block the torrent of red electricity. It was suddenly cut short as Marten sliced cleanly through the Skave’s extended arms, following it up with a stab though the woman’s neck. She gurgled, stumps of her arms flailing as she fell sideways over the body of another deceased Skave.
And then they were out, through the tunnel and running towards the extraction point. Marten could see the shuttle approaching quickly, which was excellent considering how many Skave there were not far behind them. It would be close run thing but it looked like they would make it.
Laser and plasma bolts came in at them, most wildly fired but a few required Marten’s intervention, either through blocking them in a spinning whirlwind that still allowed him to move towards the extraction point, or through the deployment of momentary Astrals shields.
Then Marten realized something that he knew should have alarmed him. Karlos Tsia’ool, the newly appointed Edo Askari was not with them. He found his presence back within the food stuff building, back where the Skave had mounted their attack. He was unconscious, but still very much alive. Marten came to a sudden stop, using his Astral blade almost subconsciously to fend off any shots that came near.
“Falk,” he called, “Karlos - “
“I know, Marten. I know. It’s too late, there is nothing we can do now. We must get to safety, we can’t risk the data.”
Rask considered the old Edo’s words. It made perfect logical sense. The data they had obtained could potentially end the war with the Skave and save countless lives. When compared to the life of one man, there was no choice at all to make. A nagging thought insisted that the younger version of himself would never have given up on Karlos Tsia’ool but Marten ignored it, considering the action illogical and reckless. He ran after the other Edo, towards the shuttle and didn’t think about Karlos again until long after they were safely back on the Mote’s Eye and away into Hyperspace.
Chapter Twenty Six
 
They were nearing the end of the fourth day of the trial. The prosecution had called so many witnesses that Sord Okarachebe was struggling to remember any more than a few of them. Most had been victims from the recent Skave invasion of Himdel. Rich or important people whose lives had been devastated in one way or another. Others whose entire families had been killed. Property destroyed, money lost. All blamed the Edo for their losses. All sat and scowled at Sord, their eyes burning with thinly-veiled hatred.
Other witnesses’ stories dated back to the Zhur Thoggu invasion, where many of the atrocities were pinned on the Edo, blaming them for everything from being the very reason they invaded to directly causing the destruction of worlds and the deaths of millions as they and their homes were converted into raw materials.
Tomasa Iwu did his best to counter each claim during cross examination but facts were irrelevant when people had already chosen to ignore them. They needed to blame somebody and the Edo were the perfect fall guys since it was easy to be jealous and resentful of beings supposedly better or more powerful than you. It mattered little that they put their lives on the line for you, sacrificed themselves for a peaceful galaxy, or held themselves to a higher moral code than you did.
Sord could see and feel that the jury were empathetic to the plight of Phan Ursox’s witnesses, and needed little encouragement to hold Sord personally accountable.
“It has been shown over the last four days,” continued Ursox, as energetic as ever despite many hours on his feet, constantly talking, “that the death toll, the suffering and the losses, both financial and emotional directly attributable to the Edo is almost beyond reason. How such destruction has been allowed to be caused by so few this prosecution does not understand but we are not here to ponder that. We only need to determine whether Grand Mushur Sord Okarachebe can be held personally responsible for the actions of the Edo, and if so, what his punishment should be.”
Cries of “Give him the death penalty!” and, “Kill the Edo!” rang out from the audience. Judge Quechina pressed the sonic emitter, causing the crowd to scream out in pain.
The Judge glowered at the crowd. “Any further interruptions from the public viewers will result in a complete ban of public viewing for the remainder of the trial.” People of all species swapped foul looks with one another.
Ursox looked delighted. “On behalf of the people, my apologies, your honor. Emotions are strong when justice is needed so very, very dearly.”
He looked at the Jury. “I believe that I have shown beyond any doubt the damage that has been caused by the illegal actions that the Edo have undertook across this fair republic. The people demand justice. Only you can give that to them.”
He turned and bowed to the Judge. “The prosecution rests, your honor.”
 
Thea Leilani sat cross-legged upon the floor of her ship, the Darkening Horizon, cloaking system active, watching another annexation take place. Incredibly, the Dominion seemed to be increasing the rate at which they took systems. This system, Accoreb, held two agricultural planets of marginal value but here they were, with a fleet just large enough to necessitate the quick surrender of the defending forces. The skirmish was almost illusionary. The Accoreba moved out quickly enough to oppose the Imperials, but fell back towards Accoreb, the larger of the two habitable planets as soon as the first Imperial ranging shots were fired.
Despite all her new-found wealth and power there was little she could do to halt the expansion directly. Being present, however, was for motivational purposes. Her own empire could operate equally well in Imperial or republic territory so from that point of view who controlled these systems and sectors hardly mattered to Thea. But Weststar had obviously done a deal with the Zhur Thoggu and increasingly it seemed that he had also become involved with the Skave.
She grimaced. She was keeping tabs on the Skave as much as it was possible without exposing her or her holdings and she did not like what she was seeing. Their power increased by the day. They were spreading further and further across the galaxy, gaining footholds even in tightly defended areas of the galaxy such as the Aneev Ascendancy. If Thea was ever to be safe she had to nullify their threat. Everything she did was work towards this goal. Unfortunately, frustratingly, even as her own means improved, theirs did too, at a far greater rate. If anything, despite her almost incalculable wealth, she was in more danger now than ever before.
Obviously, then, she couldn’t defeat the Skave alone. She needed help. The only help she would be able to gather would be the paid kind, and there was only so much that mercenaries could do. Thea knew she would have to get others to help without them realizing they were helping her. A small amount of manipulation, a small amount of leading them by the nose and she could get the major powers to do her bidding.
Whatever their involvement with the Skave was, having the Dominion on their side increased the Skave’s power immeasurably. This alone was reason enough to stop their expansion and assist Brams’ return. Their bargain with the Zhur Thoggu was just as big a reason, too. Yes, they had hoped to betray and defeat the Zhur Thoggu out in the Nushothi cluster but that had failed, even with Thea’s aid. They would pay dearly for their mistake. A resurgent Zhur Thoggu would threaten her as much as the Skave.
Seeing the annexations for herself made their threat more real than just thoughts and posturing. Each new system made the Dominion stronger and thus, the Skave too. If she couldn’t oppose the Imperial Navy then she’d have to use more ingenious methods to spoil their fun.
We are not the only ones observing, said the Darkening Horizon.
“Really?” Disconcerting. “Who? Tell me what you know about them, and do they appear to have detected us?”
Unknown. I can barely detect them myself, even with the MSS Multi-spectral sequence analyzer system you had installed. The Imperials will be as blind to them as they are to us. I cannot be certain whether they are aware of us, but they do not act, however, as though aware.
She carefully Channeled and reached out towards the ship, trying to feel their presence as delicately, as subtly as she could. It seemed like a single individual, a man, a Deep user. A very, very powerful Deep user. She broke off her probing as softly as she could, momentarily terrified of being detected by one so favored by the Astrals.
This other must be a Skave, she assumed. A single Skave could be dealt with, reason with, even. Perhaps they would see the benefits of joining Thea. It was worth a go, and with the capabilities of her ship beyond doubt, she felt it was a safe enough thing to attempt.
“Darkening Horizon, we stay until he leaves. Then we follow him.”
Of course, replied the ship.
 
Amos Weststar stood regarding himself in the full floor to ceiling mirror of his personal quarter’s fitting room. Attendants busied themselves around him, picking practically invisible bits of dust and lint from his clothing. He smiled. He had never worn such a luxurious gown before. It shone in every color visible to humans and more. It glittered and sparkled as if powered by its own star. It fitted better than anything he had worn before. It was truly the perfect outfit for the ceremony.
Emperor Weststar. In just one more hour he would officially become the Dominion’s new Emperor, after the great Emperor Gallitene. There was not a greater honor in the galaxy. He felt confident that he could live up to Gallitene’s example, and make up for Galitene’s folly in choosing Brams to succeed him. Weststar would bring about the demise of the Commonwealth through the resurgence of the Dominion.
The doors to the fitting room fly open and in stormed the Skave Overlord Niettha, furious again. Niettha glowered at Weststar’s assistants.
“Leave, now,” he ordered. They glanced at Weststar and he nodded. Their relief was blatant as they hurried from the room but he could hardly blame them. Niettha scared him, so he could only imagine how they must feel.
“My dear Niettha,” Weststar began, but then he was somehow flying through the air backwards, only stopping when he collided with the far wall, where he remained pinned to the wall, breathless from having the air knocked from him.
Niettha, his eyes glowing a fiery red, walked towards Weststar as though a hunter who had just caught his prey. He only stopped when his face was a hand's breadth from Weststar’s. Niettha’s breath smelt of spiced fruit, oddly.
“Why was I not informed?” demanded Niettha.
“I’m sorry, I cannot read minds. You will need to give me more to go -” Niettha punched Weststar in the stomach, forcing all his breath from him again. Weststar could do nothing but hang there and try to breath.
“You know full well what I mean, Emperor Weststar.” The way Niettha said Emperor infuriated Weststar.
Panting, he took an educated guess. “The Zhur Thoggu? I was not aware you were to be updating regarding them. My apologies - “
“Not aware?” screamed Niettha.
Weststar watched in horror as his own left hand moved into his view. Slowly, one at a time, his fingers and thumb bent back until agonizingly the knuckles folded over, bursting with pain that almost made him faint. He stared unbelieving at his hand, all his digits dislocated, at angles that shouldn’t have been possible.
“Maybe that will help you remember to keep me informed on everything, my Lord. Everything. Is that clear?”
“Yes,” said Weststar through gritted teeth. “Very clear.”
“Good. Your failure to eliminate the Zhur Thoggu could be very costly, Amos. Very costly. Should they cause me further distress then your time as Emperor may be cut short. Am I making myself clear?”
“Completely, my Lord,” said Weststar, hoping to calm the crazy Skave through flattery. The red-eyed man seemed to relax and smiled.
“Excellent, I knew you’d understand. Please ensure your swift actions against the Zhur Thoggu interfere in no way with the expansion program. I want that to continue with all alacrity.”
“Of course, Lord Niettha.”
Niettha seemed to study Weststar before turning and walking swiftly out, his feet hardly seeming to touch the floor. Somehow the room became brighter once he left. His aides came in and stared incredulously at their soon-to-be Emperor. After a few awkward seconds Niettha finally relented his grip upon Weststar and he dropped to the floor.
“A medic. Immediately,” he growled, cupping his mangled hand with his other.
The Commonwealth would not be the only civilization that he would bring to its knees, he thought. Once Niettha was dealt with he would eradicate the Skave from the galaxy.
 
Gil couldn’t maintain his mind’s defenses forever. The thought terrified him, he feared what they would do once they were able to penetrate his mind. Would they tear his memories from him, leave him blank, not even sure of his own name? Would they pour their own twisted memories into him, driving him insane for their pleasure? He fought on. Hour after hour.
The journey to wherever he was now had been pleasant enough. Niettha had put on a show, pretending that he would treat Gil well if he cooperated fully. Gil’s repeated refusals had finally angered the Skave Lord into action, choking Gil until he saw stars.
The mind probing began as soon as they had placed him in a darkened room, shackled to a cold and uncomfortable metal interrogation chair. There were always at least three Skave pressing against his mind at any time, with another relieving one of the three every thirty minutes or so - Gil couldn’t be sure exactly. Neither was he sure how long he’d been under attack for. It felt like days but may have only been hours, it was hard to tell.
Every now and again one of the Skave would use Astral energy to push at his broken arm, causing Gil to howl in pain. He couldn’t afford to divert Astrals energies towards reducing the pain and so the pain was agonizing.
As his strength failed Gil was having to draw deeper and deeper upon the Astrals to replenish him and keep his defenses strong. He could feel the strain such use was having upon him but what choice did he have? None. He would fight until he couldn’t, whatever the cost.
One of his current tormentors tried a quick, sharp probe into the back of his mind, and Gil just managed to push it aside. Gil laughed.
“No wonder it takes three of you. You are barely favored. Not one of you has the courage to face me one on one.”
It was worth a try but the Skave simply scowled and renewed their attacks.
Gil thought of Kafferyn Wellbourn, Raichel Ison, even Forma Beltat. He laughed to himself. He really did have a type. He thought of the Edo whose lives he was protecting with each moment that he resisted, and he went on, second after brutal second.
Chapter Twenty Seven
 
 “Do you think Gil is ok?” asked Jake Bulver.
Kaliko Savina looked across the pilot deck of small shuttle that Brams had been able to obtain for them. It had been quickly agreed upon that Expen Prosger would not appreciate them turning up in such offensive capable ships as Delta Mark 4’s. The shuttle was completely unarmed, save for some small countermeasures. Kaliko was not happy at all about being so defenseless. It wasn’t even a particular fast shuttle. They were sitting Reen. Which was exactly how she didn’t want to be with Skave and Imperials seemingly intent on taking over the galaxy together. Even the Commonwealth might shoot on sight. If they were to get into a fight then that would be that since even the skills and power of two pretty powerful Edo wouldn’t be able to make up for the ship’s inadequacies. What she wouldn’t do to be in the Wanton Affection right now, which was unfortunately marooned on Citadel.
“Raichel said he’s alive,” she offered simply.
“Yes, but that’s not the same as being ok. I’m really worried about him, Kaliko.” He sounded genuinely upset. She reached over, tenderly touched his arm. He placed a hand over hers and smiled gratefully.
“I wish we were going to help rescue him,” he said.
“You and me both, Jake. But if Raichel thinks we need to go to Expen Prosger then we need to go. It’s an important mission.”
Jake looked away but she could sense from him that he agreed. He just felt guilty at leaving Gil on Citadel. Kaliko sighed. She stood, took a step over towards him and plonked herself down onto his lap, twisting around to face him. He looked round and up into her face, startled. She smiled at him.
She stroked the side of his face. “You care deeply for others, you’ll do anything to help protect those you love. I think you are a very special person, Jake.”
He blushed. He actually blushed. She smiled. He started to say something back but she kissed him quickly, and he spluttered to a stop. He gazed back wondrously at her, the look on his face melted Kaliko’s heart. He reached up to tenderly touch her face and then slowly, oh so slowly, they embraced, and it was just as nerve-tinglingly incredible as she’d dared to imagine.
 
Olsen Carver stroked at his waxed moustache almost continuously. He couldn’t seem to stop himself blinking, either. “This is most disconcerting news, gentlemen,” he said.
Sat with him in his office were Fleet Admiral Astana, a good man who had spent the last few years doing his best to make up for his actions during Overlord Kraiden’s reign, and Egan Velasquez, ex-Shadow and now Olsen’s Director of Intelligence and Head of Commonwealth Security.
“I’m sorry to be the bearer of such bad news, Chief,” said Egan, “but I had to tell you immediately.”
“And you trust your source?”
“They’ve proven reliable in the past,” said Velasquez simply.
“I don’t need to remind you both,” said Astana, “that the Navy is in very poor shape. We’re already re-deploying every ship we can spare to the border of Imperial space, which isn’t very many ships either, I might add, thanks to the Council deciding that rebuilding the fleet was less a priority than rebuilding Himdel. Diverting any ships away to deal with the Zhur Thoggu will just allow the Dominion to take more of our systems at a quicker rate.”
“The longer we wait to oppose them, the stronger they will get,” cautioned Carver.
“They may be stronger than we can deal with already,” said Astana, somewhat morosely.
“I’ve already sent Shadow squadron on their way,” said Egan, with Carver nodding his appreciation. “They should be sending back their first report within two days. We’ll know then what their strength is.”
“I’ll arrange an inner Council meeting for shortly after that time then,” said Olsen. “Let us hope, gentlemen, for all our sakes, that we can at least do something to slow them down, if nothing else. We must learn our lessons from the last time the Zhur Thoggu were active - immediate, decisive action is our only option.”
The other two nodded their agreements, troubled with their own thoughts.
“On to our other major issue, Fleet Admiral. When can we expect to stem the losses to the Dominion?”
The man’s large nose twitched. “I’m not sure, Sir, that we are capable of stopping them. At least in the near to middle term. Given a year or two - “
“A year or two?” interrupted Carver. “They’ll have conquered half the Commonwealth by then.”
Astana looked back at him sadly. “Correct. We can only hope to fortify the most important inner and outer rim systems and worlds whilst we rebuild the fleet. Mobilizing against the Zhur Thoggu, on the opposite side of the galaxy will seriously impact our abilities to counter the Dominion, possibly even to the point where we will not be able to prevent total defeat. It doesn’t help that most of the systems taken so far wanted to leave us anyway. Imperial loses have been almost zero and they have gained many, many ships in the process, actually increasing the rate of their expansion. Whoever is commanding the expansion is doing a fantastic job.”
“Fleet Admiral Adami,” said Olsen and Egan together.
After a pause Carver said, “No good news then? None at all?” Astana and Velasquez looked at each other.
“Sorry, Sir,” said the Admiral.
Carver shook his head. “Not half as sorry as I am, Fleet Admiral.”
 
Val Nordin was in the clean and functional cantina of Mote’s Eye with the Paladins. A few pieces of Grazan art were positioned around the walls, adding a touch of class and elegance to the utilitarian space. Teynin Nasturn sat off to one side, refusing to let Val catch her eye. Only a few catering staff remained, cleaning up. It was a trivial matter for Val to ensure they could not eavesdrop.
“And that was that,” he continued, having gone over most of what had occurred back on Sobal Gailian. “I am no longer an Edo. I could not bear to let those people judge me or condemn me, attempt to control me. They sit and navel-gaze whilst we act.”
He looked around at the shocked faces staring back at him. “Of course, I was not oblivious to the impact such a decision would have on our group. I will understand if any of you no longer wish to remain.”
Kaisa Ko cautiously raised a hand. Val nodded at her.
“Did you really destroy four Battleships?”
“No, three. I attempted to destroy a fourth but they’d already shut down their hyperdrive core.”
Kaisa looked away. Val could feel the disgust flowing from her unhidden.
“You joined this group,” he reminded her, “because you understood the peril that we all face. You knew that my tactics were forceful, and that you would need to follow suit on occasion. Now isn’t the time to reconsider. Not when the Zhur Thoggu are free, the Dominion is back on the attack and the Skave grow bolder by the day.”
She looked back at Val, angrily. “You killed those people when you didn’t need to, Nordin! I don’t care what you say to excuse your actions. I am glad you realize that you are no longer an Edo but it seems that you are oblivious to the fact that you are in the Deep. You should be assuming a Skave name. Overlord Massive Ego maybe?”
Val looked away, saddened. How was it that only he could see balance from using both the High and the Deep?
“They were active combatants, Kaisa. They were trying to kill Riccard Brams and Raichel Ison. My actions saved them. If you stay I will teach you and everyone else my new understanding of the Astrals.”
She stood up. “Needless death can never be justified, Val. Don’t you see that? The ideas you have about the Astrals are wrong. I only hope you realize that before you do something you’ll truly regret.”
She walked partly away before Antreeba stood up, growling his agreement with her. Hesitantly, Kaisa’s brother Harper stood too, shrugging an apology to Val.
“Go, all of you. Take a shuttle, if Teynin is agreeable. Go with my blessings.”
Kaisa spun around. “I don’t want your blessings!” she shouted at him. “Should we end up on different sides of a battle I will not hesitate to do what needs to be done, Mushur Nordin.”
“Neither will I,” he replied quietly.
Once the trio had left, the group discussed the data they had retrieved from the base, and the capture of Karlos Tsia’ool.
“As much as I would like to recover Tsia’ool we must focus on our mission and continue to follow the trail,” said Val.
“Affirmative,” said Marten Rask. “I felt Karlos leave the system shortly after our departure anyway. Tracking him down would take considerable time and effort.”
“Then we are agreed,” said Val Nordin. “We can see a definite trail leading away deeper into the unknown regions. We go see what’s there.”
He looked around at his remaining disciples. Senoch Gray, the stolid Fassen. Dical Dimerchi, the one who managed to return Val to consciousness and save his life. The damaged but incredibly powerful Marten Rask. Amaeh Duranti, the ambitious and talented Singronian Edo Neophyte with impressive self-healing abilities. Edo Mushur Joakim Falk and Nathan Bircheno. Their numbers declined, as he knew they would. As always, only the strongest survive.
“On our way, I will begin the teachings on my new understanding of the Astrals. I have so much to show you.”
Chapter Twenty Eight
 
Edo Mushur Raichel Ison wanted to laugh each time she looked at her fellow Edo Mushur, Calista Flores. Whilst Raichel’s slight build had no troubles fitting into a Shock trooper powered armor suit, with, if anything, the smallest sized suit they had on offer being too big, Calista’s stocky and curvaceous form had the torso armor practically bursting at its seams. As much as Flores hunched her shoulders over, it didn’t take more than the briefest of glances to realize that those weren’t bulging pectoral muscles hiding under her chest plate. She had taken to standing closely behind anyone that she could, with her rifle held up across her torso.
Riccard Brams’ contacts had arranged for them to be part of the security detail aboard this old tri-winged Lambda-class shuttle, escorting dignitaries from several of the new planetary Imperial acquisitions. It had taken longer than she’d have liked to arrange and she had had to place a great deal of trust in those who were helping her. The alternative would have been to blast their way in and that was no alternative at all. So here they were, masquerading as shock troopers, smuggling themselves into the stronghold of the Dominion, again.
Where Gil most definitely wasn’t. Raichel could only sense him vaguely, and even that was with Flores linking up with her to Channel their abilities synergistically.  He was across the city but she couldn’t tell from up in orbit exactly where. Not yet, at least. The shuttle was queued up for entry through the city’s shield, which had remained up since Brams had been usurped. Obviously, the new Emperor didn’t feel quite at ease yet. Raichel wondered briefly if that had anything to do with the strange partners he had jumped into bed with. The Skave and the Zhur Thoggu were not known for their loyalty to anyone but themselves. It would be a crying shame if he came to regret his choices. The thought warmed Raichel’s heart.
After what seemed like an interminable amount of time, the ship was finally ushered through the shield and followed its specified path down to the landing pad at the top of the Imperial Stronghold. As they filed their way out of the ship Raichel was shocked to see how much security had been increased since she’d last been here. Imperial guards, shock troopers and security guards were everywhere. They were stationed at almost every intersection and every door. Whole squads marched constantly throughout the building. Even an army of Edo would be hard-pressed to reach Weststar now. Which, presumably, was exactly the intention.
All the extra troopers had the one benefit of making it very simple for Raichel and Calista to separate themselves from the shuttle’s security detail. As they marched down a corridor they just had to wait until a squad of shock troopers passed them the opposite way. As they did they simply turned and marched at the rear of the squad before then taking the next corridor off to the side. Nobody noticed a thing. Then, it was simple for them to make their way to a lift, down the lift to the ground floor and then out via the main entrance, marching quickly as if they had urgent orders to complete, deterring anyone from wanting to interfere with them.
Once in the plaza they found a public refresher and removed the massive shock trooper armor, much to Calista’s relief. They stowed way the armor and weapons in several cubicles and then used Astral energy to lock the doors. They hoped it would not be until the evening before the equipment would be discovered. They waited until they felt no one was near who had seen them enter as storm troopers and then left, dressed in standard Imperial administrative workers uniforms - typically gray and drab.
They strolled around the plaza, pretending to be on a break, whilst looking and sensing via Channeling to try and find their contact. Annoyingly, he didn’t seem to be present and so they kept up their charade whilst they waited impatiently.
Raichel noticed them just before Flores - two people who had suddenly become excited at having seen them. Or at least, one of them was excited, the female. Her companion, a strangely bulky man seemed entirely oblivious to where he was, let alone their presence. The two Edo gave each other a glance. The pair were not your standard spies or agents. The woman began to drag the man towards them.
Calista Flores took a few steps away from Raichel so that they could fight more freely should they need to.
“Raichel?” said the woman, who now she was near, looked strangely familiar. Flores glanced between the two, bemused.
Raichel sensed nothing hostile from the woman, and her danger sense remained calm. “Walk with us, please.”
“Of course. Block, keep up, will you,” she said to the man, obviously close to exasperation.
“Who sent you,” asked Raichel, daring to hope.
“Gil. He and I worked together on occasion when he was a Royal Defender. He came to me to seek somewhere to recover from his injuries. A task force came to arrest me. He saved me but was then captured by Skave.”
The woman stopped and took Raichel’s arm. “He let himself be captured so that we could escape,” she said, a look of earnest amazement in her eyes.
Raichel smiled. “That’s Gil for you. Ever the gallant hero.”
“He said you would come for him. He gave me this to give to you.” Raichel took the pistol from her.
“What’s your name?”
“Forma.”
“Block,” said the man, gazing happily at Calista Flores’ bosom. Flores frowned.
“Thank you, Forma. And err, you, Block. We’re going to rescue Gil, this will help greatly.”
“We can help you - Block here knows people. We can get you transport, get you information.”
“Does he?” Raichel couldn’t help but ask incredulously.
Forma laughed. “Yes. Don’t ask me how. People just seem to take to him. Ask him something.”
“Okay. Block, do you know where Doyen Niettha is?”
Block looked confused.
“No, Raichel. It has to be something like do you know where Niettha likes to hide away.”
“Oh, Block knows!” 
“Raichel, are you sure about this,” warned Flores, clearly concerned.
“I don’t see what we have to lose, Calista. Lead on, dear Block. Lead on.”
 
The countdown timer ticked off the seconds. Three, two, one. Automatically the shuttle’s hyperdrive systems ramped down, bringing them smoothly out of hyperspace and back into the real universe. Stars appeared to temporarily streak into infinity before resuming their normal pinpoint luminosity.
Ahead of them lay the Artificial Intelligence-controlled world. Expen Prosger.
“We’re here,” Jake said breathlessly, awed at the site of the beautiful orb that hung before them.  One half of the planet was lush green, more vibrant than any he’d seen, surrounding a white polar ice cap. Around Expen’s equator were vast lakes and tributary systems, covered here and there by clouds that escaped from the cloud covered southern hemisphere. The place where the Zhur Thoggu were supposed to now call home.
“Snap out of it, Jake,” hissed Kaliko Savina, roughly pushing him from the pilot’s chair.
“Hey!” he exclaimed. “What’s the problem?”
Kaliko grimaced as she applied maximum power to the shuttle’s weak thrusters, and began to put the shuttle through a series of evasive maneuvers. Jake checked the scanners. A pair of junker fighters were hot on their heels. One was a Drago bomber fuselage bonded to a pair of Delta fighter wings, the other a Delta bomber cockpit bonded to Drago bomber engines. Jake briefly wondered why they didn’t just reverse the pairing and have two decent fighters. Ranging shots from the pair scorched past, too close for comfort.
“Employing countermeasures,” he cried, flailing at the switches.
“Jake, signal the Expen Prosger fleet, tell them we need help,” she urged.
Jake reached out and flipped a switch, priming the comms system to send an all-directions, all-frequency emergency signal - SOS. Save our souls.
“I’m not sure whether they’ll come.”
The shuttle was hit with a concussion pulse from the Delta Bomber ugly, sending sparks jumping from the console and causing alarms to begin to shriek.
“Shields are down, one more hit and we’re gone,” said Kaliko. “Hold on tight, Jake!” She threw the shuttle into a series of barrel rolls, snapping out of them and reversing direction completely at random. Jake had to use the Astrals to stick himself to the deck.
“Dial up the inertial dampeners,” he cried, going white.
Kaliko laughed. “Oh, come on Jake, enjoy the ride.”
He saw some objects arcing around Expen Prosger in a low orbit, glistening and sparkling as the light from K’sidariv’s star reflected from them. “There!” he said. “Help is coming.”
“Let’s hope it’s not too late,” said Kaliko, still struggling with the controls. “See if you can restart the shields.”
Jake got to work but there was a terrible explosion at the rear of the shuttle and then they were spinning and tumbling uncontrolled, lights and sounds extinguished.
Kaliko turned and clung to Jake. He hugged her back, hard.
“Hey,” he said. “I thought you said one more shot?” Kaliko looked back at him as if crazy but then laughed. She kissed him passionately.
“Ok, two. Shoot me!” She held Jake tight. “There’s no-one I would rather die with, Jake. I mean it.”
“That’s sweet,” he said, looking out of the viewport, “but don’t ahead of yourself Kaliko - help is here.” She looked round just as a trio of the blockade fighters surged past, laser cannon’s spitting huge gobs of coherent light. Just one sweep was all that was needed to destroy the two junkers. The blockade ships then swung around and moved into formation with the shuttle, taking it in their grasp with tractor beams. The shuttle began to lose its spin.
“They have us,” said Kaliko, relieved. They grinned at each other and hugged.
 
Sord Okarachebe, acting Grand Mushur of the Edo sect, sat in his preferred clothing, a loosely fitting white robe tied at the waist with a silver belt as the jury shuffled back into the grand court. Next to him sat his council, Tomasa Iwu, who looked patently nervous about the verdict. Sord had never been in doubt at what that verdict would be and so he was as calm as ever, his only movement being his ears as they moved to and fro, adjusting to pick up sounds from all directions, an utterly subconscious act that Sord had no intention of suppressing.
The Judge entered once the jury were all seated. Everyone, including the jury, the prosecution, the defense, the audience and the vidcam reporters stood, only sitting again once the Judge had taken her seat at the head of the court.
“Court is in session,” she said, curtly. Sord sensed that the Judge seemed happy and excited and was trying very hard not to show her feelings. Did she already know the verdict? If so didn’t that mean that the jury had revealed their verdict to her, a gross violation of the law? Sord growled quietly. As if anyone would care. Only two people in the entire court were not after his blood. Himself, and Tomasa Iwu. He shuddered to think how many people throughout the entire Commonwealth wished him dead. His head sank a little bit at the thought.
“Has the jury reached a decision?”
The spokesperson, a small Phalee stood. “Yes, your honor.”
“Thank you. Please, continue.”
Iwu looked round at Sord, who chuffed back. “Do not worry so, Mister Iwu. This is the will of the Astrals. Have faith in them.” Tomasa shook his head sadly, and looked away.
“It is this jury’s finding that Edo Mushur Sord Okarachebe should be held responsible for the actions of the entire Edo sect whilst under his command. We find him guilty of all charges.”
A huge cheer erupted from the audience, and pandemonium ensued. It took a full ten minutes to bring the court back to order, leaving Judge Quechina red-faced.
Iwu began to apologize to Sord but he put one of his huge hands on his shoulder. “Please, do not apologize, my friend. You did everything possible. I am in your debt.”
“Sentencing will take place tomorrow,” said the Judge, still scowling at the crowd. “Court is adjourned.”
 
Elenore Frost was beyond excited. She had been trusted alone with an entire spaceship, which had never happened before. Even when piloting a fighter she’d always been closely chaperoned. Then she had navigated the Transitory Mists all by herself, the massive region of ionized space that had hidden and protected the Grazan Combine since their days as mere miners. For all she knew she was the youngest person to ever do so. What a thought! And then finally she was getting to arrive at Graz unescorted, just like a normal person. Best day, ever!
It’d taken most of two days to navigate to Graz from Brams’ new secret base on Swalt, most of that time being due to the many jumps and transits to jump points that it required to pass through the Mists. She was itching for company, even the fatuous, groveling company that most Grazans provided. Her mother, however, was someone whose company was never less than enthralling. She was sure that mothers and daughters were supposed to have tempestuous relationships but Elenore’s relationship with her mother seemed to only improve as Elenore aged. Each period where they couldn’t be together only caused their bond to become even stronger and more durable. Elenore was still young enough to get away with jumping into her mother’s arms and fully intended to do so at her earliest opportunity. Again, exciting!
As the countdown to reversion to normal space neared its conclusion the hairs on Elenore’s neck prickled. The Astrals was warning her. This day just kept on getting better and better. Five seconds to go. If she aborted the reversion then she could quite easily plunge head on into either of the two planets, KaIwu or Graz, or their star itself, or skim close enough to a point mass that her shuttle would be pulled out of hyperspace with potentially catastrophic damage to her shuttle. She had no choice to continue the countdown, despite her warbling danger sense. She’d just have to be ready for whatever it was that was waiting for her.
She reached out towards the fast approaching system, desperate for answers. The ship began to revert, with stars elongating into the far distance and she sensed them, a group of Deep users, no doubt Skave, waiting hungrily for her to fall into their trap.
As the stars contracted into their dimensionless points of light, their size caused by the unfathomably vast distances between them and her, she threw maximum power to the shuttle’s engines. Simultaneously she drew on Astral energy and called out across space to her mother, Syrene Frost Orso. She tried her to best to show that she was under attack by Skave, and that she was alone. She felt her mother’s touch, a warm and reassuring pressure. It seemed to convey that help would be on its way. Or so she hoped.
She checked her scanners just as the first laser shots flashed past, just a few scant meters from her stern. An old Buderimian corvette bore down on her, already catching her up despite her efforts. How had they known to wait for her here? Perhaps it was just coincidence, and that they were simply pirating the area? No. The route she had taken was known only to the Grazan royalty. Someone within the royal multitude must have made a deal with the Skave. It made sense in a sad sort of way. Who better to assassinate rulers favored by the Astrals than those of the Deep. The Skave seemed to be making themselves more and more friends lately. Elenore wasn’t sure she’d ever really understand adults.
Another blast was closer still and Elenore knew that she could not keep running if she wanted to see her mother again. She fell into the Astrals, trusting in it to guide her hands as she pulled the ship in a tight arc and raced back towards the corvette. Through the Astrals she was able to predict the path of each of the corvette’s laser bolts, coaxing just enough out of the shuttle’s systems to skim above, below or around the bolts as they flashed towards her. And then she was upon the much larger vessel, skimming over its hull like a Carronat attracted to its power nodes.
As she came to the end of the corvette she cut enough speed to enable the shuttle to arc around close to the ship. The corvette’s guns were not designed to track small vessels at such short range and so she was able to easily avoid any further blasts.
Her danger sense flared up again and then that she felt a tugging, a resistance to the movement of the shuttle. A tractor beam! If they caught her in it they’d be able to move her shuttle into the firing corridor of one of their laser batteries. She applied maximum thrust and threw the ship into a slewing turn whilst simultaneously using an Astral-push as hard against the corvette as she could. For a split second it seemed like she would be caught but with a violent jerk Elenore broke free from the beam and she soared away, quickly guiding the shuttle around streams of fire from several lasers. She breathed a massive sigh of relief, only to realize that an old Mark 1 Nebula fighter was emerging from the forward hold of the corvette.
Though Mark 1’s were old predecessors to the much more capable modern Nebula fighter craft, it was still way more than a match for her workhorse imperial shuttle with its single paltry laser cannon. The pilot was far in the Deep, too. Doubly brilliant. She imagined a brief battle before her shuttle exploded from a direct hit from one of the Mark 1’s concussion missiles. It didn’t seem like the way she would like her day would go. Think, Elenore, think! What would Kaliko do? She laughed, Kaliko would probably ram the fighter whilst unleashing a stream of obscenities at it. Actually, whilst the shuttle was very much an Imperial troop transport workhorse, it was sturdily built, especially when compared to a venerable Mark 1 Nebula. Do it! But without the swearing… maybe.
She hit the thrusters again, drawing yet again on the Astrals to help propel the shuttle towards the still realigning fighter. If she could just hit it on one of its two slim wings she might, just might, be able to put it out of action before it could even fire a shot. As she closed towards the fighter she saw the pilot within its large bubble-like cockpit turn their head to stare at her. She waved back. The pilot turned away and she saw the Nebula’s engine come up to full throttle, any thoughts of turning now gone from the pilot’s mind. Elenore Channeled, as widely as she ever had, and gripped the Headhunter with the Astrals and tried to do what the corvette had nearly done to her - she pulled, helping to bring the two ships ever closer together. Just before impact Elenore saw the pilot reach out, hands pressed against their cockpit canopy in horror.
The two ships collided, and with the awful sound of ripping, twisting metal, the shuttle was thrown off course. Elenore fought to control the ship, mindful of the Buderimian corvette’s firepower. As soon as she could, she sent the shuttle spearing around, angling back towards the much larger ship. She saw the old fighter spinning away, powerless and out of control. One of its wings was completely missing. Perfect! Her mother would be so proud.
An alarm sounded - hull integrity was failing, air pressure was dropping rapidly. Elenore quickly threw up an Astral force field, enclosing as much of the air within the cabin as she could. She gulped. Now she’d have to combat the corvette whilst diverting effort into maintaining the bubble. Still, it was undeniably better than the alternative - being target practice for a Skave fighter pilot.
Her shuttle began to respond more sluggishly, and a laser bolt came much closer to hitting the ship than she had been hoping for. For the first time she began to worry. Her ship was failing and her air supply was limited. She couldn’t afford to let this battle go on much longer, or she’d pass out from lack of oxygen. An idea popped into her mind. It was worth a go. She moved the shuttle to a point over the corvette’s hull where none of its weapons could reach her and there she took a deep breath and concentrated. Mindful that she was already diverting some of her ability towards maintaining the field she decided to only affect one mind at a time. It would take longer but have a higher chance of success.
Of the twenty two individuals manning the corvette, only two were blessed by the Astrals. Those, she left alone, unsure whether she could overpower them, and hopeful that she wouldn’t need to. She began with the closest, and commanded the person to sleep. Three seconds later she felt the person slip into unconsciousness. Elenore smiled. Now this was fun! Just over a minute later all twenty non-Astral-sensitive Skave were fast asleep, slumped in their places. She felt wrath boiling from the remaining two Skave. She sent them a joyful but mocking Astral call and then powered away from the now mute corvette. She knew that there was a chance that the two Skave might be able to activate a weapon and target her but there was nothing else she could do. She headed directly towards Graz and watched the distance between her and the corvette increase.
It was then that she noticed a small fleet of Shining Dawn Grazan battle cruisers heading towards her, a swarm of Visage starfighters flitting ahead of them. She turned her wonderful little shuttle towards them. Her comms channel pinged. She answered it.
“Hello,” said Elenore cheerfully. “What took your time?”
Chapter Twenty Nine
 
Stood on the bridge of her new flagship, the Vang, Adami smiled.  “And so it begins, Captain. The Dominion and the Commonwealth are truly at war.”
Before them lay the planet Icaneresh, along with the first sizeable fleet that the Commonwealth had been able to array against them, other than partisan home defense forces that capitulated as quickly as was decent. Due to the rapid expansion plans requiring her forces to assault multiple systems at once, Adami’s group of vessels was only comparable in numbers to the Commonwealth fleet. Fortunately half of them were enhanced with Zhur Thoggu tech. It would be interesting to see just how quickly the Commonwealth fleet fell.  
Captain Domovero nodded. “Yes, Admiral. It is a privilege to serve you as you bring glory to the Dominion.”
“Thank you, Captain. Carry out the battle as agreed. Minimal losses, please.”
“Sir!” he said, spinning around before marching off towards the stairs down to the lower level, where all her officers worked furiously at their stations.
Adami retired to her ready room to contemplate her glowing future. She was disturbed barely thirty minutes later by the good Captain.
“Captain. An update?”
“Yes, Fleet Admiral. We have received a full surrender. What little remained of the Commonwealth fleet has retreated to hyperspace. The planetary authorities are signaling their request to join the Dominion. Apparently they have no stomach for further casualties.”
“Our losses?”
“Just one Constellation class cruiser, unmodified.”
“Excellent. Signal our acceptance, would you, Captain? The Dominion grows stronger by the day.”
“At once, Admiral.” He turned, almost ran from the room. She almost laughed. Morale was at an all-time high. There was no better tonic for the soul of a stalwart Imperial than expansion and conquest. She would not stop until the entire galaxy lay in the palms of her hands, and all Imperials worshipped her.
 
Nate Shepherd was teaching a pair of Edo Channellings in the centrally located open-air training grounds of the Edo base when he began to feel distinctly uncomfortable. He signaled for the pair to stop dueling with their training weapons that looked real enough to be mistaken for actual Astral projections but were only a powered composite plastic construction that incorporated an energy field that made them nearly indestructible but only inflicted a painful zap, just enough to help you learn to block them, and quickly. The taller of the young pair, an already powerfully built Chen, got one final quick zap in as the shorter Edo, a beige-colored Maladorni disengaged.
“Hey,” she shouted, hopping away and rubbing at her side. “Mushur Shepherd ordered us to stop.”
The Chen just laughed. “Sorry, Magli.”
“Remember to stay wary until you are out of striking distance, Magli,” said Shepherd, distractedly. The feelings were increasing, filling him with dread.
“Quickly,” he said to the pair. “Go and round up as many other Channelings and apprentices as you can. At the first sign of trouble you come straight back here, ok?” He looked directly at Forska Waganur, the Chen. “Don’t get any ideas, clear?”
They both nodded worriedly and dashed off, Channeling efficiently to boost their speed.
Nate Channeled to heighten his senses. He couldn’t sense alarm from anyone, or any intruders, so whatever was going to happen had not yet started. That was something. He pulled out his communicator, setting it to the open channel.
“Anyone listening? I feel a disturbance.”
“I feel it too, Mushur Shepherd,” said Lani Carmenco.
“As do I,” said Nenotuul.
“I’ve sent a pair of apprentices to gather as many others as they can find and return them to me here in the training grounds. I suggest we all come, there is plenty of defensible high ground here.”
“Agreed,” said Lani.
Nate Shepherd put away the communicator and then sent an Astral-call, urging everyone back to the training grounds. He found some high ground, then loosened his heavy plasma pistol in its equally oversized holster.
Rumor had reached their ears that the Dominion had put a bounty on all Edo and so it stood to reason that it was either bounty hunters or Skave that were about to attack. As far as he was aware, the Skave did not yet know how to hide from the Astral plane and obviously non-Astral sensitive bounty hunters couldn’t even if they wanted to. And yet he could sense neither party, despite that his danger sense was screaming at him. How could that be? The only way to mask someone’s presence was with… Peledramin crystals. Of course. Quickly, he reached out again, but this time searching for voids in the Astral plane, areas of eerie quietness.
And there they were. Perhaps a hundred or more bubbles, surrounding the base and in some areas, already within. Where several bubbles converged the bubble expanded out considerably. Great. With just him, Danze and Lani, Nenotuul and Hallowwyrn there were only five Edo Masters along with three Edo Askari, nine Neophytes and twenty five Channelings. Ordinarily, a group of Edo would be able to defend a position almost indefinitely, as they’d shown back on Himdel when Adami had ordered the Mercenaries to attack the Edo Temple. But with that many people carrying Peledramin crystals their ability to use the Astrals was going to become unreliable at best. Eight full Edo without their powers against one hundred well prepared opponents didn’t equate to good odds.
He pulled out his communicator again. “Everyone, they’re carrying Peledramin crystals. Roughly one hundred intruders, some already within the complex. Please do not engage, return to the training grounds immediately.” He didn’t wait for the responses, closing off the communicator immediately and then jumping down from his vantage point to meet with Gery Savignsor, one of the Edo Askari, and a group of Channelings. They were obviously frightened but the slender human Askari had them quiet and orderly. Shepherd and the young man shared a look that spoke volumes. Savignsor visibly paled, but stood tall.
“Find the best hiding places you can for them, Gery. Use an Edo blurring technique to help keep them hidden.”
“Yes, Mushur,” said Gery. He ushered the Channelings off with him, directing them here and there, helping them find the best spots he could find. If the adults were defeated it wouldn’t really help them much but at least they’d avoid taking any hits until then.
Nate took a second to wish that they’d agreed to Syrene Frost’s offer of Grazan security guards. Their firepower would have proven invaluable. Bit too late to worry now.
More Edo returned to the training grounds, including the Carmencos, Hallowwyrn and most of the Neophytes and Channelings.
“Anyone seen Nenotuul?” asked Shepherd, only to be answered with nonplussed shakes of heads. Nate began to have a bad feeling. He searched the complex with the Astrals, looking for the Entilean’s characteristic presence. She was in the east section of the base, with several young Edo. Worryingly, the East section was also the most overrun area. He could sense her concern for the Channelings. He tried to com her but there was no reply.
“Danze,” he called, “Nenotuul needs our help. Grab a training weapon, you’re going to need it. Lani, Hallowwyrn, stay and defend this area. We will be back.”
Nate used the Astrals to leap over obstacles and boost his speed, getting to the east exit of the grounds quickly. Danze was close behind, Astral weapon in hand. He could sense that Nenotuul was now engaging with the intruders, the Astral plane-vacant bubbles dangerously close to enveloping her.
“Quickly,” he cried, racing down the corridors and through common areas. A prickling sensation that was quickly cut short gave him just moments to forward roll to a stop behind a series of equipment lockers, with Danze crashing down next to him, neither as graceful nor as athletic as Shepherd.
“My connection to the Astral plane,” said Danze, looking stunned as his Astrally projected blade disappeared. “It’s gone.”
“We’re inside the bubble created by Peledramin. We need to - “
A laser bolt flashed between them, the heat from it singeing hairs from their faces. They ducked down lower. Danze looked worried.
“Danze, you may not have the Astrals with you right now but you still have your training, your reflexes and your experience. You can do this.” Shepherd realised that to anyone who didn’t know them, the sight of a pair of white and gray-haired late middle-aged men preparing to attack people who were no doubt well equipped and experienced bounty hunters would have been ludicrous. And without being able to Channel were they really anything but that pair of old men, way out of their depth?No, Nate was an expert marksman and Danze had decades of practice with melee weapons. Together they were still a deadly foe.
“Block their fire and I’ll try and take out some of their Peledramin,”
Danze nodded and then rose, training blade in hand, backing away from the cover to give him more room. Streams of laser bolts and gauss rounds poured towards Danze, who deflected them away, hesitantly at first, but then with growing confidence. Nate looked over the containers, gauging the positions of their foe. There seemed to be four of them. One stood brazenly in the open, a wiry Phalee sporting a Peledramin frame on his shoulders and a huge repeating plasma rifle, obviously trying to make up for some sort of inadequacy. The Phalee looked to be enjoying himself. Nate took careful aim and then fired. The Phalee flinched momentarily before continuing to fire, oblivious to the fact that his Peledramin crystal had been blasted clear from its stabilizing cradle. One down…
Danze grunted. Nate glanced over to see that Danze now sported a deep burn across his right thigh, but still maintained a strong defensive position and a deeply focused expression. Thank the Astrals it wasn’t worse. The pain might help him focus even more.
Nate sprang away from the cover and the flung himself towards more. A trail of laser fire followed in his wake. He peeked out and saw one of the bounty hunters, a huge Qweni, ugly even for that species, moving round towards Nate. The Qweni fired from both of its laser pistols, forcing Shepherd back into cover. If the Qweni kept him pinned down then the bounty hunter would be able to circle round and pick him off at its leisure. 
Shepherd tore a chunk of packaging material from the crate in front of him and tossed it at the Qweni. Without the Astrals it flew lazily through the air and the Qweni easily ducked under the spinning object, which gave Nate all the time he needed to put a bolt through the Qweni’s scaly head. He pumped a couple of shots into the Qweni’s Peledramin crystal as he pitched forwards to the floor.
He heard Danze shout something triumphantly and then moments later the laser fire stopped.
“All clear,” called Danze. Together they approached the smoking remains of the other two bounty hunters, who’d received their own fire redirected back at themselves once Danze had regained use of the Astrals. Danze’s leg looked bad but he was able to walk still. As they passed them Danze efficiently sliced through the Peledramin crystal, immediately causing the Astrals-absent bubbles to collapse. Danze sighed with relief.
Nate looked at Danze with a mischievous face. “So… what was it that you said a moment ago?”
Danze hesitated. “Nothing. Edo Masters do not get excited. There is only peace.” Nate chuckled and winked at Danze. Danze summoned his Astral blade with a contented smile.
Shepherd could sense Nenotuul’s presence but it was intermittently cutting out, disappearing entirely but then suddenly reappearing as Peledramin bubbles encroached upon her. Pain flared briefly from the Edo Mushur.
“We need to hurry!” said Shepherd.
“I know, but we can’t run into another ambush like that, Nate. Better late, than never.”
Shepherd frowned. Danze was right, they’d been lucky to escape with just a flesh wound. “Ok,” he said, “but I’m leading.”
Chapter Thirty
 
The planet, renamed to Zhur’Thogguranti – the glorious Zhur Thoggu - had proven bountiful. It couldn’t have gone much smoother. HK Three Ne’lom was gratified, since surely it was a good portent for the future. The years trapped on Expen Prosger had undoubtedly weakened the Zhur Thoggu but clearly they had forgotten little.
He turned to the Crafter. The machine stood proud, basking in the results of his division's activities on the planet. “You have done well, Jent’i.”
“We will not fail this time.”
“Indeed not. Soon every being in the galaxy will tremble before our onslaught.” Ne’lom smiled thinly.
“I would like to recycle the Imperial vessels.”
“In time, Crafter. Without them we cannot defend Zhur’Thogguranti. Once we have true warships then will be the time.”
“Good, I cannot bear to have them here any longer than absolutely necessary,” replied Jent’i. “I have spent more than enough time with the humans and their pathetic technology.”
“I imagine you have,” said Ne’lom. And you will be amongst them, my dear Creator, if I have my way.
 
Judge Quechina glared angrily around the courtroom, waiting impatiently for the rabble to stop babbling. She would have loved to use the sonic pacifier on them again but with the case being so high profile she had been urged not to use it, since too many people (perhaps trillions, with all the reporters there feeding directly into the galactic news channels, viewable across the galaxy) were watching - it would detract from the case itself.
She’d also been instructed to give the full penalty, not that she’d needed much encouragement. She was excited to see the look on the Edo’s snouted face when she gave out the sentence. It was only a shame that there were not more of the Edo so that she could send them to their graves, too.
Finally the dreadful din abated. Every set of eyes were focused on her. She basked in the moment, lived for this moment. Power. She held every person watching in her grasp. She could keep them waiting as long as she wanted and dash their hopes or expectations. Or she could give them everything they wanted, to then revel in their delight and approbation.
She looked at the Edo Mushur, still as annoyingly calm as the first moment it had walked into the courts. The Edo looked back, its ears trained directly on her.
“The defendant will rise,” she said aloofly, looking away, only looking back when she was certain Okarachebe had stood.
“This court has reviewed the evidence and the decision of the jury and there can be only one sentence that can truly begin to do justice to the crimes committed by the Edo as directed by the defendant.”
The courtroom, though quiet before, became deathly silent as each sentient in the room held their breaths in anticipation.
“This court sentences you to the maximum penalty as determined by the laws of the Commonwealth. You will be put to death, ten days hence.” She tried so hard not to smile, knowing that Vidcams would be recording her, and that it would be replayed hundreds and thousands of times in the future. But a rebellious quiver ran across her mouth and the corners of her mouth rose slightly.
Mayhem ensued, with the pro-death people cheering madly to which the opposition faction screamed and jeered. Quickly enough they were pushing and pulling at each other and then it turned into a full brawl once the first punch was thrown.
Safely ensconced in the courtroom, safely divided away from the masses, Tomasa Iwu turned to his client, and friend. “I am so sorry, Mushur Okarachebe.”
Sord chuffed gently. “Do not be sorry for something that is not your fault, Mister Iwu. We both know this was only ever going to end one way. If it is my time then so be it. Faith in the Astrals, Mister Iwu.”
Iwu watched as security guards heavy-cuffed the massive Lifzan and led him away, back to his cell. He couldn’t help but wonder if he’d ever forgive himself for failing the man.
 
Nate Shepherd led Danze Carmenco quickly but stealthily down a passageway that led from a meditation zone towards the dormitory that housed the Channelings. The sounds of laser fire and blazing Astral weapons, reached them and glancing anxiously at each other they picked up the pace. The zone of zero interaction with the Astral plane enclosed much of the large, bed-filled, cavern-like room. Smaller rooms led off from the main area.
The entrance into the room was within the Peledramin bubble so Nate paused just outside of it and tried unsuccessfully to feel for Mushur Nenotuul. He could hear the Entilean growling, her Astral weapon crackling as she worked it against laser fire. It sounded like she was in one of the adjunct rooms.
Danze shrugged at Nate and together they moved to each side of the entrance. Nate poked his head out, and slowly withdrew it. So many bounty hunters. He looked at Danze, already injured and began to fear the worse. Danze looked back, the look on his face showing he understood all that he needed to.
Running to Nenotuul’s aid would get them both killed, no doubt, there were just too many of them, especially without the use of the Astrals. Shepherd decided quickly. He tossed his over-sized plasma pistol over to Danze.
“They don’t know we’re here - I’m going to take out as many as I can before they realize to try and reduce the bubble. Cover me, it’d be nice if you shot anyone who spots me.”
Danze nodded, “The Astrals favor you, Mushur Shepherd. Always.”
“Not right now, they don’t,” he laughed. Nate gave Danze one last reassuring look before creeping into the dormitory.
Almost immediately he came upon a pair of Channelings, still embracing each other in death. Anger threatened to overwhelm Nate. So young, so innocent. It wasn’t right. For a long moment he teetered on the edge, tempted to allow himself to fall headlong into the Deep, with its promises of unparalleled power and swift justice for their killers. No, he resolved, drawing away, letting the anger dissipate. Their lives would be avenged, but through acting to defend those who lived, those who needed him now.
He crept passed the girls, the metallic smell of their blood etching itself in his memory, and edged around some furniture until he was behind a human Ballavendi bounty hunter, dressed in their standard armor but with no Astral energy-sapping Peledramin crystal on his back. Taking no chances lest the armor be made of Astral weapon-proof Minax composite steel, Nate placed his fist against the man’s unprotected lower back, and summoned an Astral blade just for a second. There was a brief flash of muted blue light as the man’s body illuminated from within, along with an equally brief gurgle before the man collapsed. None of the bounty hunters nearby noticed. Nate helped himself to the man’s gauss rifle and thought briefly about taking his red and gray Ballavenda helmet too, but decided it would be of marginal benefit.
A heavily armored bounty hunter moved from behind cover, wearing a powered suit similar to the ones worn by Imperial shock troopers. He was attempting to get a better angle on Mushur Nenotuul, but exposed himself unawares to Nate. Knowing how tough the powered armor was, Shepherd lined him up in the gauss rifle’s sight and then held down the trigger, sending a stream of super-accelerated rounds into the bounty hunter, only stopping once the man’s armor was riddled with holes and his Peledramin was a shattered, no-longer glowing, mess.
A laser bolt passed so close that it scorched Nate’s left shoulder and he saw another bounty hunter fall, a helmet-less Maldren who would have deeply regretted that decision were his brain still whole. Another bolt annihilated the Maldren’s Peledramin. Shepherd looked round and thanked Danze with a nod. Astrals energy soaking bubbles from the remaining still-functioning Peledramin crystals still covered much of the hall. Danze replied by gesticulating towards where most of the remaining bounty hunters were focusing their attention. Three down still left more than a dozen, Nate guessed. Still a suicide mission. He had an idea. He pointed at Danze’s pistol and then at one of the smashed crystals. Danze gave him a thumbs up.
Nate moved to open ground, summoning his Astral weapon, its vivid blue blade coming alive along his arm. He took a deep breath and then yelled wordlessly, a clear taunt. The din of gunfire reduced as several of the bounty hunters heard him and sought Nate out.
“You want me?” he shouted, “I’m here! You will all fall to the might of Edo Mushur Nate Shepherd.” He shrugged a response back to Danze’s querulous expression, but then had to start falling back, away from both Mushur Nenotuul and Danze, batting away fire back at the bounty hunters who had taken the bait as best as he could to hopefully distract them from Danze’s own fire.
“Is that all you’ve got? No wonder Slaven Kan gets all the Edo bounties!”
One of the bounty hunters, an angry looking Idralish in poorly maintained black segmented armor charged, roaring as he leapt towards Nate. Nate nimbly sidestepped out of the way, landing a sweeping backhand that sent the man sprawling. Nate ducked to avoid a laser bolt, was almost too late in spinning around and had to bring his Astral blade ominously close to his body to send another bolt recoiling into the ceiling. He then sprang into a forward roll to barely avoid yet another. Fear began to creep up his spine. Perhaps that last insult had been a bit much as they now seemed very highly motivated to kill him.
No more messing around. “Oh, you guys have asked for it.” With a flick of a finger the prone Idralish was Astral-pushed across the room, uselessly clawing at the floor until he slammed head first into a wall. Shepherd felt his life force extinguish. Another flick of a finger and the Idralish’s Peledramin suffered a similar fate. An actinic laser bolt was dismissed with his Astral weapon without even looking. Nate reached out in the direction the bolt had come from and pulled.
“Thanks very much,” he said happily as a large, powerful-looking laser rifle landed in his outstretched hand. Nate let his Astral blade evaporate and started returning fire, only far more accurately and deadly than the bounty hunters arrayed against him could manage. A few seconds later, between him and Danze, the bounty hunters and their Peledramin lay ruined.
Danze approached. “It’s like being able to suddenly see again after years of being blind. I’m me again.”
Nate grunted. “Next time you feel like moaning about how the galaxy has it in for us Edo, remember how it feels to not be favored by the Astrals.”
They moved towards Mushur Nenotuul’s position, taking several bounty hunters by surprise until there were only two remaining. Once they realized they were outnumbered and that the Edo had their powers back they quickly retreated, allowing the pair of Edo Masters to rush to Nenotuul’s side.
The Entilean was in a bad way. Nate gently probed her with the Astrals and could see that her strength was fading fast. Several scorch marks across her robe hinted at the damage within. Of the six Channelings she had attempted to protect only two survived, peeking around her semi-prostrate form.
“You are safe now, little ones,” said Danze, opening his arms to them. They rushed to him and hugged him tightly, silent tears wetting their faces.
“I failed them,” whispered Mushur Nenotuul, almost inaudibly.
Nate took her hand in his. “No,” he smiled at her, “you saved them.” He looked towards the two children and nodded. “Thanks to you they survive.”
She smiled slightly. “Thank you, Mushur Shepherd. Please, keep them safe. May the Astrals guide you.” Mushur Nenotuul’s eye’s closed, and she died. As her last breath rattled quietly from her chest her Astral weapon became nothing. The Mushurs exchanged a sad look.
“Let’s get these two back to the training grounds,” said Nate, taking one of them in his arms, “and let’s hope we don’t run into any more bounty hunters on the way.”
 
Premier Olson Carver sat and twisted his moustache.
He already knew the outcome of the call. The Grazans would regretfully inform him that they were not in a position to assist the Commonwealth. He’d already spoken to the Aneev and received their normal taciturn response about not operating outside their borders. The Commonwealth was on its own.
Still, he had to try, and Syrene Frost Orso was a very pleasant person to converse with, regardless. Especially when compared to many of the career politicians within the Assembly that he now spent so many hours of each day listening to. It was almost impressive how much they loved to hear their own voices, and listen to only their opinions, if it wasn’t so excruciatingly dreary. Syrene Frost, on the other hand, could be very concise, almost abrupt, when in the mood. It delighted him. Unfortunately, as an ex-Edo she would not be welcome in the Commonwealth, even with diplomatic immunity. He could imagine what she would have to say should their conversation stray towards Sord Okarachebe. He would probably agree with whatever she said. Unfortunately he had no control over the judiciary side of government and so had no power to overturn the decision. Even if he wanted to, it would be political suicide to do so since there was a clear majority in support of the decision. He dearly hoped that the Edo would come and rescue their leader.
Carver had briefly considered quitting over the decision, but having considered those that might take his place he had felt obliged to remain and do his best to mitigate this disaster. Hence his current task of contacting each major political group within the galaxy to try and solicit aid against the Skave, Zhur Thoggu and the renewed Dominion, who was possibly working with both of the others.
With the Aneev having already declined to assist, and the Grazans almost definitely likely to follow suit, things were proceeding exactly as Olsen had hoped. Olsen began to feel the first stirrings of hope.
The comms projector began to hum and the elegant and beautiful face of the Queen materialized above it. She smiled.
“Olsen, how lovely to see you,” she said, seemingly pleased to see him. A small shiver raced down his spine. So few people were ever so genuine with him, or happy to be in his company, especially those as arrestingly charismatic as Syrene Frost Orso.
He smiled back. There were times when being Premier wasn’t so bad. Not so bad, at all.
Chapter Thirty One
 
Nate Shepherd and Danze Carmenco, Channelings in tow, had barely retreated back to the training grounds before the full assault began. Masters Lani Carmenco and Hallowwyrn, along with the Edo Askari Gery Savignsor, Marli Meylo, a blue-skinned female Sorana with beautifully tattooed limbs, and Kia’ora Liv, a diminutive but talented female human, had done their best to corral together a defensible position near the center of the grounds. The majority of it was elevated, giving them excellent visibility over much of the area. The apprentices were stationed near to small groups of Channelings, a second, and last, line of defense.
Unfortunately they only had the firearms that Danze and Shepherd possessed and so they had been unable to prevent the bounty hunters from assaulting them, especially once the Peledramin Astral-sapping bubble enveloped them, quickly turning the clash into a close-range skirmish. They had needed to fall back continuously, losing two apprentices and four Channelings in the process, along with another serious leg injury to Danze, making him dependent on others to move him. He’d passed Nate’s plasma pistol on to the Edo Askari Savignsor, who had taken quickly to the large gun, prioritizing Peledramin crystals wherever he could.
Nate fought alongside Hallowwyrn, Shepherd firing away with the laser rifle he’d appropriated from one of the earlier bounty hunters he’d fought, whilst Hallowwyrn did her best to defend them both. There were so many bounty hunters. Despite their fierce defense Nate had all but lost hope. It had always been a desperate ploy to mount a static defense but they had been out-played and there had been limited choices. He resolved to take as many of the bounty hunters with him as he could.
Hallowwyrn croaked and fell to her knees, her Astral weapon dematerialized. Nate threw his rifle at a nearby opponent, a Clepenti, whose small-featured face gave nothing away as it ducked under the rifle and tried to shoot Nate, who only just managed to summon his Astral weapon and repel the blast back at the Clepenti, forcing him to duck back into cover.
Nate glanced down at Hallowwyrn. “Are you ok?” he asked.
‘I’ve been better,” she said.
“Doctor, heal thyself.”
“Give me a chance,” she said, amused despite her pain.
Nate blocked another shot and then helped her back to her feet. “Let’s get you into some cover, old friend.” She didn’t argue. Then, once she was safely with the Neophyte Oshi Attahmaar, a particularly tall Lafetiri, Nate dashed over to help Lani and Marli Meylo battle against a trio of heavily armored Quazem, their saggy wrinkled faces etched deeper still with concentration. Together, their Astral weapons reflected enough energy bolts to dampen the Quazem’s assault momentarily.
Lani looked at Nate, fear clearly showing despite her best efforts. “I’m not liking our chances, Nate.”
“I think a certain Buderimian would say ‘Don’t ever think negative!’”
Lani’s face went slack in surprise but soon remodeled itself into wonder and delight. “I think you’ll be able to ask the man yourself.”
“Huh?” Nate turned to look when Lani’s gaze was fixed and yelled in pure joy as the Haggard Tidings roared down through the training ground’s opening, its lower rotating gauss cannon spitting a near constant stream of ferocious high speed rounds towards the bounty hunters. Several of them tumbled away from direct hits.
“I don’t believe it,” said Lani, still mesmerized by the sight of the famous ship.
“You’d better get over it, quick,” said Shepherd as he swiped away a bolt that would have hit her directly in her abdomen. “Get everyone ready, we’re about to go on the offensive.” Lani dashed off as Nate clambered up to the center of their defense, just as the Tidings hovered into place, canon still spinning away. Its boarding ramp was already open and from it sprang Michael Silverdell, landing nimbly besides Shepherd.
“Michael,” cried Nate, quickly grasping the Grand Mushur’s arm. “Are we glad to see you!”
“Likewise, Nate. I am sorry we are late.” Michael looked solemn, clearly agitated at what he was witnessing.
“Get us out of this mess and you are forgiven.”
Michael looked at him and then motioned forwards. “Shall we?”
“I thought you’d never ask.”
 
Within his personal chambers Emperor Weststar sat fuming. He took an uncharacteristically savage gulp from his Deniroe Boff liqueur, slamming the shimmering Lanellifan crystal glass down onto his exquisitely carved Svantale-wood side table. Boff sloshed out from the glass over his hand and the table. He barely noticed.
Niettha!
The Skave Lord had just finished giving Amos his new orders via comms projector - he hadn’t even the respect to give them face to face. Tomorrow, he had been instructed, he must announce that a new era was dawning, where the Dominion would join with the Skave. Amos would announce that Niettha would be his Overlord, with Niettha assuming a new name of Cozan.
The timing of it couldn’t be worse, not with war having just been officially declared between the Dominion and the Commonwealth. Which, Weststar assumed, was exactly what Niettha wanted. For whatever reason, it was becoming clear that the Skave cared only that the Commonwealth and the Dominion become mired in a full-scale war. Declaring a Skave Dominion would only incite the Commonwealth further. Essentially, Niettha’s plans were detrimental to Weststar’s Dominion.
He would have to escalate his actions aimed at dealing with Niettha. The bounty hunter Slaven Kan was proving hard to contact, but he would just have to risk Niettha finding out and increase the resources looking for the fabled Edo hunter. Meanwhile, he would continue to increase his personal security and continue with his other plans.
Tomorrow, he would play the perfect puppet. Niettha would become Overlord Cozan and the Dominion would embrace the Skave. And then, as quickly as he could manage, Niettha would die, and then he could start to reverse the damage caused by the lunatic Skave. Weststar's only hope was that he got to witness Niettha’s death personally.
 
Michael had decided to gather the Edo back to the training grounds. Nate couldn’t help but think that the decision was more than a little morbid but the blood stained environment certainly helped to focus them all. Nearest sat the Mushers, Danze and Lani, Hallowwyrn and Nate. Danze and Hallowwyrn were in wheelchairs but recovery had already begun, with the Grazans, mortified at how easily the bounty hunter force had evaded their security, providing assistance in every way possible. Beyond them were the Neophytes and the Channelings, sat closely together, unconsciously relying on strength in numbers and for comfort.
Dressed in his traditional gray combat fatigues, Michael Silverdell looked every part of the aging but vastly experienced Edo Mushur that he was. His face, once so youthful and unblemished, was now marred by scars and wrinkles made deep through years of striving to secure peace for the galaxy. Nate reflected that his own face had suffered similarly. Edo were not able to avoid the aging process, even if they were able to slow it to a greater or lesser degree, depending on where the Edo’s skills lay. Michael’s eyes, however, retained their vigor, his piercing blue gaze, now permanently aglow, moved confidently from Edo to Edo, assessing or passing on reassurance, whatever he perceived each Edo needed. Besides his immense favoring by the Astrals, Michael’s greatest trait had always been his compassion for others, his need to help. If it hadn’t been for his desire to help the early Commonwealth then Nate could easily imagine a galaxy where the Dominion ruled with an iron grip. It was not a pleasant thought.
“Friends,” began Silverdell, looking around at those gathered. Slightly away from the group of Edo stood Josh Blake, the only non-Edo to attend the confluence. Douglu and his wife Karan had been invited but had politely declined. Blake’s eyes lingered on his wife, eager to support her or worried about her, Nate couldn’t decide which. Almost completely gray, like Nate, Blake still somehow retained a youthful countenance, appearing ready to leap into action or engage in tomfoolery at a moment’s notice.
 “Yesterday, we lost many good people to bounty hunters hired by the Imperial Dominion, who it seems are now returning to their old ways. It wasn’t long ago that Raichel Ison and her team worked to help save the Imperial Dominion. Though those efforts were ultimately in vain we will not shy away from helping Riccard Brams regain his position. The attack upon us yesterday, though terrible, changes nothing.”
Michael looked around, finally meeting Nate’s gaze. “Though some of us may feel the need for revenge, or justice, or whatever label you choose to put upon it, we cannot allow those feelings to influence our actions. I don’t need to remind anyone here that those feelings are of the Deep.” Finally, Michael looked away.
I guess he can read people pretty well, with or without the Astrals, thought Nate. Just the briefest Channeling revealed the underlying brooding that most of the Edo present felt. The slaughter of so many Channelings and Neophytes, along with the death of the heroic Mushur Nenotuul had deeply affected everyone present. The compulsion for revenge was great, difficult even for an Edo Mushur to resist, let alone a Neophyte.
Michael’s face softened as he looked at his sister. “It is fortunate, then, that by helping Brams gain back his Dominion we will naturally need to tackle those that sent the bounty hunters against us.” Relief blossomed throughout the Edo but Michael again turned serious. “We must not let helping Brams become nothing more than an excuse to seek revenge. Be mindful at all times. The Deep tempts, flatters and draws you in, corrupting you whilst you excuse your actions as just or necessary. Learn from Val Nordin. Even one as powerful as he cannot resist the Deep once you give in to temptation. We need to defeat the Skave and defeat Weststar and Adami for the good of the galaxy, not because we want to avenge the losses here yesterday.”
Nate looked around and saw a few heads nod in agreement, though the underlying shock and anger still simmered. Nate wondered whether this was the beginning of the end of the Edo as they knew them, as Michael Silverdell had tried to mold the order, keeping the High and the Deep clearly delineated. Perhaps Val Nordin was right, and that in some circumstances both aspects were required, as long as it was for the good of the many, not for the few or the one. Shepherd had been on the receiving end of tyranny more than once and knew that it had to be stopped, at perhaps any cost. Maybe Michael was too constrained by his concept of the High always being opposed to the Deep to lead them through this period, where the Edo and the galaxy at large were threatened on so many fronts.
Michael suddenly looked at Nate, eyes seemingly boring into his mind. Had he detected what Nate was thinking? Had Nate let his emotions slip through his defenses? He hadn’t thought so but who knew what the Grand Mushur was capable of?
“We must decide today,” continued Michael, still looking at Nate, “on what our actions will be. How best we can use our limited resources to dethrone Weststar, defeat Adami and combat both the Skave and the bounty hunters.”
“We cannot afford to ignore the Zhur Thoggu,” said Grace, her worry obvious to all. So many had been lost during the war with the Zhur Thoggu. Countless people, both friends and family.
Michael nodded. “Absolutely. Let us hope that the Astrals continue to favor us, or I fear the days of the Edo sect are numbered, along with those of the Commonwealth.”
Nobody spoke for a while as they dwelled upon Michael’s unsettling portent. Michael then spoke again, hesitantly. “I have deliberated long over this but I have had a vision that I must share with you.” He paused to look around, each face watched him careful, some apprehensively. I can’t tell them everything, he thought. Calling it a vision is a lie but to tell them an Astral spoke to me would scare them more than help them.
“I saw that the Astrals are becoming more active, taking an even greater interest in us and this galaxy. I saw them here, in increasing frequency. Why, I am not sure.” Another lie. “But it can only mean that our actions must be even more decisive. The Edo will be tested and I need your help more than ever.”
The Mushur looked pensive, his eyes, permanently ablaze, seemed to darken slightly. The Neophytes and Channelings looked on in awe. No doubt each was wondering if they would get to meet an Astral Entity in person. I sincerely hope they don’t, thought Michael, sadly.
“I have a few ideas,” said Josh Blake, showing a hint of a smile.
“As do I,” said Nate, gruffly.
“Me, too,” said Grace.
“Good,” said Michael, nodding approvingly. “Then let us begin.”
To be continued...

If you enjoyed this book then I would be absolutely thrilled if you would leave me a review on Amazon (and Goodreads if possible!) – I read each and every review and they help me enormously. Thank you in advance.

At my website dmmarshall.com I also run two lists – one for people who want to keep abreast of my scandalous activities (and quite possibly my writing), and one for people who really enjoy my work and would like to be in my ‘street team’. This is where you get access to early versions of my work and help me enormously by being one of my advanced readers (and, hopefully reviewer). Please consider joining – I will owe you a drink.
