The Adorned
By
Elimelec G. Roman
Smashwords Edition
*****
Published By:
Elimelec G. Roman on Smashwords
The Adorned
Copyright © 2011 by E. G. Roman
First and foremost, thank you for downloading this eBook. Enjoy the content and share it with your friends and family!
Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated. Again, thank you.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.
Please Note: Some Adult Content is present.
Suspense, Mystery, Science Fiction
****
The Adorned
***
-The Edge of Forever-

The sight can cripple…
Yet its absolute beauty can send mystifying chills down the spine.
It’s been a while since I last caught sight of this vista… the edge of the world, the edge of forever. The remnants of what is left of Earth.
Vapors rise from the ground. Humidity moistens my skin and within seconds, streaks of sweat trail down my brow. I bow my head in reverence, to the world’s fate long forgotten, because it's now a fading echo in books and memories from last remaining few that recall the haven of splendor.
The sky outside the small hunch of atmosphere that’s classified by the remaining humans as Revers, smolders in fumes of expanding orange, red, and black clouds. It’s a constant storm out there, and the lightning that once shone in bursts of blue and white, are now red and black.
My mind gets caught up in other memories when I attempt to portray a picture as to what occurred to cause this conclusion surrounding one of the last remaining chucks of landmass; but just remember one thing: Man, not God, or gods, or Nature, caused the extinction of our world.
---
What’s a Rever?
A Rever is a small piece of unaltered atmosphere. It’s also known as a shield zone. The sky is seen in its natural blue color, the clouds the same tint of white but precipitation is scarce, and rain is no longer considered rain at all, more of a blessing.
Revers, an unimaginative thing described in a fictional fairytale, became a reality after the Earth’s atmosphere was eradicated due to a catalyst explosion caused by a radioactive overspill.
To this day it isn’t known what fractured, defragmented, and slowly dissolved, the atmosphere. But what’s known is that once a living being of any species sets foot out of the shield zone they’ll crisp in moments and be infected with a cancerous flesh decaying virus caused by exposure. 
---
I fall on my knees and dig my hands into the rich warm soil. I whiff the pristine morning air and embrace the soothing breeze brushing against my skin.
Now, after explaining all the things I have, I'll give you my name. I'm Jake Hartman. A man that's been on the run for so long, that I've lost track of time itself.
I was exiled. Thrown out and almost executed for my beliefs... but I managed to escape, and get a second chance for redemption. What will I do with my redemption? I'm going to unmask the veil that's holding my children captive like slaves.
“Don’t be too coy Jake.”
I gasp. The familiar voice makes my heart sink.
“Relax, it’s only me. It hasn’t been that long has it?”
I feel a lump in my throat. “T-Thomas.” I mutter.
I rise and face him.
A smile crosses his gaunt face. His features since the last time I caught sight of his face have diminished. The complexion of his youthful skin is a wake to the creases and gashes like a crumpled piece of paper stretched and patted flat. His head, bald, and eyes, though the same light blue, have big bags of sleeplessness 
“It’s been a while Jake, I’m glad to see you’re alive and well.”
I outstretch my hand and meet his firm grasp. “I-It’s always a pleasure.”
He nods, “I’m here at your request. It's been quite a long time... what roughly thirteen years?” He let go of my hand and pats my shoulder, “What’s on your mind?”
“My children.”
He nods. “They're due to be released tomorrow. What can I do to help?”
“I’ll need unrestricted access in order to release them myself. C-Can you do that?”
Thomas remains silent. His fake-looking blue eyes remain glued to mine.
“A lot has changed since your time within the facility,” he pauses and lowers his head, “Tonight at dusk, meet me in the Hive entrance. Probably best to discuss things then, at the moment I’m pressed on time.”
I take a breath and nod. “My old sector still intact?”
“I’ve only traced one anomaly, but here and now isn’t the proper place to discuss that.”
I stare at him apprehensive, my eagerness and anxiousness have my hands quivering, “Please, explain.”
He raises his hand. “I must leave. Tonight at dusk,” his index finger presses down on my forehead, “Remember that.” 
“I’ll be there Thomas… again, thank you.”
He shakes his head. “There isn’t anything to thank me for Jake. You as well as I know the truth… it’s time to remove the veil.”
Thomas covers his head with his hood, turns away, and wanders off towards the dome set upon a hill.
That dome there, was designed by me in order to cope with the catastrophe of twenty-first century… one wrought not by nature, not by some mythological fairytales assumed as a predestined course to humanity’s future, no:, man, not nature, caused Earth’s extinction.
That Bio Dome, before the world collapsed, I used for clinical studies, enhanced technological advances to preserve Earth’s richness and natural, organic resources: a program catered by my old government… and now it’s used as an anarchy by men longing to play God and portray perfection.
I cross my arms and walk across the long moist, dancing, grass towards the cliff edge. I glance below the steep decline at the black ocean roaring and swooshing as its waves crash against the beachfront.
The Time of Departure, a global phenomenon that changed the surface of the earth, brought way to these Revers. I’m positive there are more out there: there’s got to be.
I sigh. I can’t say any more. All I can… I cringe and shake my head… all I can hope for is a steady conclusion. My children and my life are in my hands… I must succeed in order to protrude my vision and release them from their predestined fate.
But then I ask, what then? What will I do after I free them? What if the roots are too grown in to uproot? Only time will tell.

Some hours later...

I hurry up the slope towards the Hive entrance…
My heart aches so much just thinking about what’s to come of my son and daughter’s future. Knowing that they’re caged and trapped, knowing that they’re presented with the illusion of freedom, but in fact all they have is nothing…
What’s freedom you ask?
Well, it's an illusion catered by kings.
The Hive, a gargantuan cylinder shaped tower, next to the Bio-Dome, glazes like a coating of ice, with the moon’s dim glow.
The entrance comes into view. I see Thomas leaning against the door, his arms across his chest and head arched forward. I see his strange, blue eyes peer my direction, they glow vibrant… enough to send a chill down my spine.
Thomas takes a step towards me. He digs into his pocket and pulls out a white card with a lanyard attached to it. He presents it to me.
“This is the I.D.E card that will grant you access to all areas in the facility.”
I take the card and stare at the name engraved in capital letters:
Dr. Harrison Brown
I glare at him. “What’s happened since my departure?”
“Less than eight months ago the Council appointed a new President. Claudius R. Roman. He’s unpredictable. He’s already reworking the Identification Encoding System, introducing a new barcode system that he took from your old playbook.”
“Wait, how’d he know about that?” I ask.
“Remember that anomaly I spoke of, well, I traced his I.D.E (Identification Encoding Number) down to your old sectors in Floor: E: One-Zero-One.”
I gasp. “That son of a bitch.”
“Don’t worry about it, there’s something bigger at work. The Guardian program went active a month after he took charge of the Council.” Thomas said.
My gasp has my hands covering my mouth, “That doesn’t make any sense at all… I-I mean, what he's planning?”
“My guess. He’s expecting your return imminent, he senses your thirst for blood. You’re not dead, they know that, as well as I, of course, obviously since I'm standing in front of you. They can’t have you ruining their little Eden here.” Thomas straightens and takes a breath. “I’m here, and I’ll be by your side until the end.” 
I glance up at him. “Have you seen my children at all?”
He nods. “I’ve studied Sam more than I have Rebecca. He’s turning out to be well-rounded young man. Seems to enjoy reading and writing a whole lot and his curiosity is much like yours.” He turns away and makes way to the Hive door. “Rebecca’s just like,” he hesitates and faces me, his eyes narrow and lips pursed, “Amelia…”
After hearing her name all sorts of emotions batter against my chest… hate, love, vengeance… for so long I’ve tried to hide her name in the back of my head, somewhere I couldn’t reach, somewhere I couldn’t be able to find it.
But it somehow manages to crawl back... like a pestering insect gnawing against my skin.
Thomas sighs and shakes his head. “Please forgive me Jake, I didn't mean to.”
I close my eyes. “Not your fault Thomas. I’ve learned to accept her fate.”
Thomas slides his I.D.E card over the Hive entrance, it dings green, and pressured air releases from the creases of the door.
“Move with haste and be on your toes. Dr. Scott Miles is due to release them both in roughly four hours. He’s to release Rebecca first and then Sam. Best bet is to cut him off before he releases Rebecca.”
The door slides open and we enter the dim corridor.
“Rebecca is in V.I Isolation Chamber 2300 and Sam is in 4500. They’re both in the same floor, here.” He goes into his other pocket and pulls out a small silk satchel, “Inside you’ll find a watch, a note, and an adrenaline needle.”
He drops the satchel on my hand. “Thanks Thomas.”
He chuckles. “Don’t worry about it Jake, just keep yourself as inconspicuous as you always do. And try not to make too much of a mess. I’ll make the entire Hive area a dead-zone so you’ll have roughly an hour before the status lifts.”
I nod and make my way towards my goal.

***
(Character Shift)
-Sam-

---
Chapter
1
Are they Dreams or Nightmares?
---


I stood motionless amidst the forest shadow, dancing with the push and pull of the wind…
Gusts of wind rustled the leaves as bits of warm sunlight touched my skin from the shifting branches. I took a step and then stopped at the faint sound of water echoing its way across the forest. I took a whiff at the somewhat saline scent coursing its way with the breeze.
Salt Water typed itself in my mind. 
I broke into a sprint. My bare feet crumbled the loose foliage, and dodged the many trees, with quick, agile movements. The sound got closer and closer, the ocean scent stronger and stronger. 
My anticipation hastened my pace with the clearing. I leapt over shrubs and came to a stop with my feet plowing into the smooth, orange sands of a beach.
I gasped at the vista in front of me. The smoldering sun beamed over the horizon, falling behind the ocean. I smiled with the sun’s caressing warmth and strokes of cool wind brushing against my exhausted body. 
The tepid sand beneath my feet shuffled in between my toes and prickled like a massage. It all felt perfect, like some rendered masterpiece brought to life before my eyes.
“You’re trespassing.” Someone said. 
A snap of twig caught me by surprise. I leapt back, tripped, and fell.
A veiled person in a raven-black cloak stepped into the sunset and stood next to me. He took one glance at me, shook his head, and without a word turned away and continued his way down the slope. I examined his course to notice the ruins of a large broken archway.
My adrenaline and my heartbeat raced. I rose and stared at him. My eyes couldn’t: wouldn’t shy away… another word sprung to mind: hypnotized.
He stopped and faced me. His fake emerald eyes ogled and a glinting silver mask reflected my blurred face.
“This place is a haven to those that seek forever.” His raspy and muffled voice sent a chill down my spine, “However, even seeking forever has its questions. And beyond that there,” he pointed at the archway only a couple of paces away from him, “Rests the answers to all your questions.”
I arched an eyebrow. “But what does that mean… seeking forever?”
“To enter the same stature of serine that one's brought to when you’re adrift in your dreams.”
Something indescribable clicked in me. His words weren’t deciphered quick enough to understand my body’s reaction to accept his wisdom. I took a step towards him. 
“Take my hand Sam.” He outstretched his hand. “Together we’ll venture and see what forever has in store for us.” 
I took his hand. 
He turned away and we continued towards the archway. And I couldn’t figure out why my body was voluntarily following him without my inner me accepting my body’s motion… I couldn’t speak, I couldn’t budge: but I followed.
Fear washed over me as we approached this ruined archway, decorated with layers of think dried brown algae, creepers hanging from the edge, and crème colored layers of chipping calcium deposits plastered in blotches.
I felt an overweighing tug, the harrowing cleaves of a million sharp objects puncturing into body as soon as the shadow casted over me… 

As we stepped through…
The scene shifted from that beautiful color filled masterpiece to some ominous shade of black and grey, nothingness disoriented by haze.
I took a whiff. It smelled horrid. My nostrils flared at this bitter scent entering my lungs.
Rotting, burning, the voice in my head told me.
The mist subsided. I couldn’t see anything ahead of me besides the ceaseless water and cloud swathe. 
I took a step closer to the edge near the water and lurched over just to notice I had no reflection.
A whimper startled me. 
I turned around and noticed a group of people chained together, backs arched, and kneeled. From the drape, an erect stranger stepped in with a long barreled automatic rifle slung over his shoulder.
It’s him, the one that led me through the archway.
“So,” the stranger’s hard voice echoed into the bronze sunset now stripping through the mist, “I’m aware you all know why you’re here.” His crooked nose and bushy eyebrows shadowed his dark beady eyes that reflected the mass of faces. “If you don’t, then by enlightening you would only bring greater pain.” He hesitated as his eyes caught sight of each of his victims. He bowed.
Loud bells echoed and the ocean gurgle wafted the uncomforting silence besieging each blurred face. As he gazed at them, his eyes remain taut at the sight of the only face that wasn’t hidden behind a veil. 
A woman wept before him. Even my own eyes couldn’t bend weary from her wail.
I saw the sympathy in his eyes. And his sympathy wrought my notion to run in and save her… I-I-y-you need-needed to-to s-s-save her… I-I-you-you must... 
He stared at me and shook his head. In that moment there I couldn’t budge, because the chains now shackled my own hands.
“There’s a time and place for everything Sam, your small heroic feat is not the proper course of action.”
He stared back at her. Her lush cheeks smeared with black eyeliner, and emerald eyes couldn’t begrudge any. 
He took a deep breath and straightened his posture. “May your souls come to rest in peace.”
I felt this moisture build in my eyes like the morning essence of dew trickling off an outstretched leaf. The wind’s tug forced my tears to string down my cheeks. 
He positioned the gun and centered his sight. He gave one last glance at the woman and then at me, cocked the gun, and then embedded my sight with a spiraling crimson stain.

I gasped awake with quivers... 
For a brief second I was unaware of my surroundings, as though suffering from amnesia. I opened my eyes to notice Mary, my AI monitor, flickering on with a light mechanical whir.
The vision that played in my head, I wasn’t even too sure what to classify that as, but it felt so real. Every time I blinked I could see that crimson stain insert itself where the black behind my eyelids should be. I massaged my temples to relieve my aching head that thawed like a sore thumb.
I turned to the monitor dazzling me with its bright screen. Though the monitor is classified as Mary, and has a woman’s name and a woman’s vocals, I usually classify the AI as an: It. Sometimes it feels like a real person, but other times, it’s like some monotonous, bland, representation of what a woman’s voice is supposed to sound like.
I rubbed my eyes. “G-Good morning Mary.” I said and straightened my back against the bed’s banister. “Hey Mary, while I slept last night there was… something, like some kind of vision playing in my head.”
The monitor positioned itself closer to me. “What d-did you s-see Sam, tell me about it.” 
The monitor had Loading… on the bottom right. A touch pad and keyboard came down from the bottom frame, and a toothpick-sized camera’s aperture increased in diameter.  
 I grounded my teeth and shut my eyes. I searched through the vast emptiness, attempting to scavenge what I witnessed, “I saw… I saw people, l-like me, but… they looked a bit different, Mary, they were…” I hesitated for a second, trying my best to come up with the proper word.
“Older.” She said.
On the pale monitor a list of letters typed themselves on the screen saying: 
An Aging caused by time and weathering that sheets and carves the body with traits and wisdom. 
I pressed my finger against the cool monitor glass. “Yeah,” I muttered. 
Vocabulary wasn’t my strongest feat. Occasionally Mary gave me long lists of words to classify and match with their corresponding definitions, and then Mary would go and explain what each of them meant, and even go and show their coherent, synonyms, and antonyms, blah, blah… unpleasing garbage. I preferred the vocabulary game that made it less stressful and a bit more enjoyable. But I couldn’t always get what I want. 
After a brief moment of silence, Mary’s screen turned pale.
“Sam, what else did you see?” Mary asked.
“A lady that wept, and four other men next to her, knelt… they were panicking, and a man, with-with a weapon,” I paused; just thinking about this vision made my hands tremble, my heartbeat thump harder. “Mary?” My voice cracked.
“What kind of weapon Sam?” The monitor buzzed and displayed a picture of a baseball bat.
“No.” I went down to a touch pad and pressed the NEXT button; a picture of a sterling knife appeared. “No.” I pressed the button again, picture of a handgun. “No.” I tapped NEXT again. A long sleek black long-barreled automatic caught my attention, “Yes, yes, t-that’s it!” I said.
“That’s called an Automatic Rifle.” Mary explained. “And what did this man do with the gun?” 
“I just remember a loud noise, and-and then r-red, red everywhere.” I bit my lip.
After the picture disappeared from the screen, a “Send >>>” icon appeared on the top right, briefly it was replaced with Loading…. 
“Mary, w-what does that vision mean? I’ve never seen anything like this before, and to have one now?” 
I tried to reason. But I couldn’t do it. The strain of just closing my eyes and trying to look back at it was painful enough. The pain felt like a needle punctured into the back of my skull and froze anyway in deciphering it. I couldn’t think beyond a certain boundary before aching. And it aggravated me. 
Mary whirred. “Visions that occur during sleep are categorized by two words: Dreams, and Nightmares.” The loading screen disappeared and two words typed themselves on the monitor: 
Dream: a series of pleasant and joyful made up thoughts, images, or emotions occurring during sleep.
Nightmare: A discerning aptitude of hateful interactions that conjure fearful thoughts of peril and chaos, usually awakens the sleeping host.
“So I had a nightmare?” I said. 
It still didn’t have me convinced, how I could have a nightmare about something so random and so real, too real: it had to be something else. 
“Yes,” Mary said, “But let’s let it rest, those two words are for a more advance class that’ll be further explained in due time. For now, we’ve got something more important to discuss. And this is not another lecture. Can you guess what today is Sam?” Mary asked, her voice less robotic and monotonous, expressing a dry joy.
I tried to think, but again, nothing but empty lines of perpetual darkness smeared with crimson and grey haunted the void in the back of my eyelids. 
“I don’t know Mary, what?” 
I smiled. All that hysteria that I felt slipped away into some anxious sense of excitement.
The computer whirred and clicked. “H-Happy Birthday Sam, you’re thirteen years old today, c-congratulations!” Mary said.
 My eyes opened wide. It’s already been a year… how could it be that time slipped past my conscious… but time, what is time? That word just sprung from my mind. I glanced back at Mary.
“Thanks Mary!” I said.
“Guess what else is new today?” 
“What?”
I felt a bit more excited than usual, in my past birthdays a cupcake with one candle was set on my desk; next to the cupcake a simple Happy Birthday card with corny writing. 
I took a quick peek over to my desk, and through the room’s dimness I saw no cupcake or card. 
“Today is your last day, and you’ll finally experience the real world we’ve talked about for so long.” 
The monitor went black and the room lights turned on.
I stared at the black idle screen Mary displayed that she only ever executes during sleeping hours. I felt alone.
“Mary?” I said with a light tap on the screen. “You um… you there Mary?” I gulped.
I untangled the bed sheets wrapped around my body and stepped on the ice-cold white tile covering my small square-sized room. White walls, a mirror door leading to the bathroom, and a plain desk, chair, and bed, were all that furnished my personal space.
Before I stepped into the bathroom, an unusual curiosity brought my attention to my desk again. I saw a large brown envelope. Could it be a really big birthday card? I didn’t dwell too long and continue my usual routine. 
I stared at my reflection, my overly pale ivory skin, the green eyes and brown hair. In my eyes I saw my worry, this discomfited dread restrained my whole. And then, finally my thoughts bloomed to life. 
Speculation had me thinking everything I felt thus far has been orchestrated. But why would I think that? I shook my head neglecting that thought, and placed it aside in some vacant space inside my mind so I’d never retrieve it again.
I sighed and entered the completely white bathroom: white tiles, white walls, a tub, toilet, and sink, the only thing that brought a hunch of color was the black nineteen-inch monitor mounted on the right wall like a painting. 
I cringed and walked up to the monitor. I ran my finger down its soft LCD display. 
“Mary?” I tapped on the screen lightly as I leaned my head against it.
I gasped and pulled away when the monitor became black and had Loading… on the upper right. Letters began to type themselves on the screen:
---
U?kno?n F?ct: On Abvril, 27 of ?0?? Frail attempts to sever the decaying Outside World wrought a catalyst to wither the amalgams of nature and cause what is known as The R-Rever Effect… the haven of splendor that’s age capitalized its beauty evermore as time progressed…
A researcher and scientist named Jake Hartman lead the o-op-perations to ensure the survivability of certain areas known as R-R-Rever-r-r-s… 
---
A piercing static cut across the monitor before I could read any more, I gasped, and flinched with its reaction.
“S-S-Sam,” Mary’s stuttering voice said, “G-get r-r-ready.” Her voice came back to normal. 
I stood there startled. 
“Contacted the doctor and he’ll be with you shortly, and again Sam, Happy Birthday, may fortune shine in your future, g-good b-b-bye-bye.” 
Another sharp sound cut through the monitor’s speaker. A second later the static stopped, the bathroom lights flickered, and tiny bits of different shades of grey flickered on and on all throughout the monitor’s screen.
I stared blankly. What was Mary talking about… that Jake Hartman… scientist, researchers? I closed my eyes and tried to recall what that word meant. I shrugged and stopped talking upon hearing the shower water commence. 
I must get ready, a doctor’s coming.
The bathroom door shut by itself and on the hook hung a teal long-sleeved buttoned-shirt, black slacks, and pair of glazy black dress-shoes. Baffled I went and passed my fingers down the silky shirt. I smiled.

Twenty-five minutes later…
I stepped out of the bathroom fully dressed. My bed was made, as usual. And Mary’s monitor had vanished. I stood motionless. The air had a tangy scent to it too, and the room’s temperature felt warmer.
I was hungry, no I was famished, a word that Mary told me was a bit more fancy that hungry, but meant the same thing. No water or food on my desk… not even my Daily Journal, just that envelope. 
I squinted my eyes and sighed. I went to my desk and grabbed the brown envelope. I flipped it around to see a message written on the back:
Dear Sam, take the time and ponder, only open this when you think it’s the right time. 
The envelope was sealed with a reddish clay stamp. The engraved symbol had a picture of an eagle, with two swords crossing, inside a diamond canvas.
A screechy buzz spooked me. Before I knew it I’d already folded the envelope and tucked it in my back pocket. I took a deep breath and gulped some air. I stared at the small square monitor near the sealed door-like crease. The monitor flickered and turned on.
An elderly man with unkempt charcoal colored hair, aged streaks of grey hints shun like highlights, a trimmed beard and mustache, dark eyes magnified by big, black round glasses, appeared on the monitor screen. 
“Hello there Sam, I’m Dr. Harris Brown.” Dr. Harris said with a big smile brightening his old, crinkly face. “I’m delighted to finally meet you!”
I didn’t know what to say, or how to react. This urge to run and hide had me pinned against the wall. 
“Sam, look into my eyes.” I heard him say.
I took sight of his hazel eyes.
I felt myself easing away from my hysteria. My muscles loosened and I pulled away from the wall.
“Good job Sam.” He smiled again. “I’m here to help you, so there’s nothing to worry about. Not many can ease off their first interaction, so I’m glad you’ve held your own. But what I’m here to do is go over the necessary procedures to get you ready for the real world that lies behind these walls.” Dr. Harris explained. “Sam, would you like to see this world I speak of?” 
“Y-yes,” I croaked. “Yes I d-do.”
“That’s the answer I was waiting for. Now, I’m going to open the seal.” Dr. Harris said.
I gulped. “But c-can you explain more, please?”
He chuckled. “Of course I’ll explain more. But there’s a couple of important procedures before I do.”
“Ok.” I bit my lip.
My mind spiraled out of control. I couldn’t understand myself; I couldn’t even fathom answering his simple questions.
“Excellent, now, I’m opening the seal, so… as soon as it opens, you’ll feel a bit woozy, but nothing to be alarmed about because you are in my care now.”
I’ll feel woozy? What?
The monitor buzzed off, a loud clang rung with pressured air slitting through the pleat of the door as it slid open.
I did feel woozy, nauseous too: my head bobbed drowsily with my eyes beginning to water and lose focus.
Dr. Harris Brown walked in carrying a clipboard and pulling a silvery cart with a tray full of random stuff I’ve never seen before.
 “Relax,” Dr. Harris said. “You’ll get use to real gravity and oxygen, which I’m hopefully you’ve already learned about by now.” 
Dr. Harris placed the syringe on the stainless steel tray and put on a pair of plastic gloves, “Now, due to the nature of things I’m going to give you an Antibiotic Relaxant that will help you acclimate to this new environment.” 
I felt streaks of sweat slithering down my face. I held my balance by leaning against the wall and even then my muscles wouldn’t budge.
“While I arrange your injection please, tell me what gravity is.”
“G-gravity.” I hesitated and felt fatigued as I closed my eyes. 
The abyss behind my eyelids had every shade of grey flashing dimly as it twirled and comforted me, wanting me to give in, accept its captivating tug that would bring me to serenity... sleep, sleep... sleep.
“Gravity is force… it pushes down on objects, it’s every… everywhere.” I gasped as soon as Dr. Harris injected me.
“Good, good, that’s exactly right.” Dr. Harris cleaned my arm with a wipe and then placed a bandage on it. “There you go, good as new.”
A second later something inside me clicked, my eyes focused and I was finally able to see my surroundings with clarity.
“How do you feel Sam?” Dr. Harris asked.
“I-I feel better,” I said with a smirk. “A lot better.” 
Every single uncomforting feeling disappeared instantaneously. I pushed away from the wall and felt the muscles on my legs contract. I clenched my fists and saw the muscles of my hand erect. I felt great!
“Wonderful!” Dr. Harris said.
He placed the used syringe on the tray and pulled the plastic gloves off his hands. 
“So, you’re thirteen I see.” He took the clipboard and flipped through sheets of paper until he stopped and pulled a sheet from the folder. “By the way, happy birthday Sam! My how you’ve grown since I last saw you.”
My eyes squinted, and I felt my brow slump, “You’ve seen me before?”
Dr. Harris cleared his throat and then grinned. “I have. I nurtured you a bit when you were but a newborn… you don’t really think you’ve been locked up since infancy do you?”
I didn’t know how to answer that question, because as far as I can recall I’ve only been confined in this small room… and then it hit me, could that shot Dr. Harris gave me freed my thoughts? 
Because I could think and speculate… and wonder why I would even be confined in this little room to begin with. Could my mind have been tampered with? Could someone have somehow brainwashed me into reimagining something different as my life ticked away in here?
And then another word typed its definition inside my mind, not on the clear screen like it normally did, but in dark corridors of my mind: Brainwash, where could I’ve heard that word? But it felt right in that particular moment.
“Please explain more, why was I trapped in here?” I asked.
“That is a mystery that’ll have to wait until you’re old enough to comprehend.” Dr. Harris said. 
Curiosity now typed its definition in my head… inquisitiveness to discover unanswered questions that kept bubbling out of nowhere, because I wouldn’t be just with a simple neglect. I felt cheated.
Dr. Harris placed the clipboard on the bed and pulled a pen from his pocket, “So, I know you’re probably still a bit confused as to why I am here, am I right?” Dr. Harris’s glasses slid to the tip of his nose as he waited on my reply.
I nodded.
“Well, I’m the doctor assigned to release you from this isolation. After I follow basic protocol’s I’ll explain everything. There are two stages you must complete before being fully released. Now straighten up, this might sting a bit, but the pain will subside.”
I grinned uneasily, “Uh ok-k.”
Sting, to cause an uncomforting irk.
I felt apprehensive.
Dr. Harris pulled a laser-pointer sized black object from his pocket and unscrewed the top. “Hold out your hands Sam.” Dr. Harris pressed a button and a red streak beamed out. “Now, keep them open, don’t coil them.” He went over every one of my fingertips and burned the print off, leaving a smooth layer over my skin. “That’s that, keep them open so that the skin refreshes itself.”
My fingers felt as though they’ve been plunged in molten lava. I cringed and held back my coming yelp of pain. My eyes watered and my hands trembled.
Dr. Harris placed the laser back in his pocket and continued to write on the clipboard. “So Sam, tell me, tell me about this nightmare you had.” Dr. Harris licked his thumb and turned the sheet of paper around.
I croaked, “It-it,” I hesitated as my thoughts bloomed to life with the vision of the cluttered people panting. And a word typed itself in my thoughts: “Execution.” I blurted out, “I witnessed an execution.”
He cleared his throat. “And Sam, what is an execution exactly?” 
“The penalty of disloyalty, a punishment.”
“Exactly.” 
Dr. Harris straightened his posture and moved out of the room, “Come, come, Sam, I’d like to welcome you to the Preteritus Facility. After one more little test I’ll introduce you to your new life and your caretaker.”
---
Book
I
Derivation
---
Chapter
2
Reliance
---
From the moment I stepped out of my cubical… 
I was introduced to an endless series of white walls and tiles stretched from one end to the other. I couldn’t even see an end in either direction. 
I had trouble swallowing; I felt spooked by all of this.
So this Preteritus Facility, could it just be one enormous nest of rooms like the one I just came out of? My speculation had to wait because Dr. Harris seemed a bit eager to leave.
I sped forward to catch up, “So… uh, w-what is this place?” I asked a bit hesitant while I followed his quick stride.
I heard him chuckle. “Curious one I see.” He muttered.
I felt my cheeks burn after his comment.
“These here are V-I Isolation Chambers,” he pointed at each individual door. “Purified air… each chamber entitled to its own AI system that assists in individual growth, learning operations, and authenticity. The official name is: Consolation Chambers.”
“So the monitor inside there wasn’t a real p-person?” I interrupted.
“Some are, but not too long ago a leak occurred that caused protocols to dictate immediate action… many were removed indefinitely… it wasn’t,” he paused as he gulped some air. “It wasn’t pretty. A word that you’re not taught and I’m going to introduce to you,” Dr. Harris stopped and faced me. “Tragedy.” He whispered. “It’s the exact opposite of happiness, which I’m aware you know.”
“To feel joyful right?”
He nodded. “That’s correct. Now twist that word, make it into something that wouldn’t be pleasant and joyful. What do you get?” 
I remained silent. Removed indefinitely seemed to consume the majority of my interest, what could he mean by that? The words weren’t familiar to me. And his dialect, the way he spoke… it was like he spoke from words written down on some piece of paper. Revised lines of texts.
I tried again. To think about the opposite meaning to happiness… but I couldn’t find words to describe anything other than joyful and pleasant. 
“Anything?”
I shook my head. “I-I don’t know.”
Dr. Harris chuckled. “It’s okay, Sam. Just another thing that should make you wonder.” He pointed at his head and tapped, “Thinking helps you comprehend things that deem illogical. If you control the mind, then what would anyone have anything to ponder about?”
He turned around and continued on, I followed.
In all his chatter he failed to mention anything about the leaked information… could it be about that Jake Hartman what if that had anything to do with the leak?
“Dr. Harris, s-sir, what kind of information was leaked?”
“I’d love to share that with you Sam, but you’re too young to comprehend the exact nature to the circumstances. Every action has a consequence. It branches from one thing to another, until all there’s left is a gargantuan spider web of events that have a bunch of holes punctured in every direction.”
What? What's he talking about?
Dr. Harris stopped near this large, sterling silver, double-door reflecting our hazy images like a mirror plastered in soap. 
“This is it!” Dr. Harris placed his card over this card-reader object, it beeped and turned green. “There we go!”
A high pitch ding rang and the elevator doors open. 
“Welcome Dr. Harrison Brown.” A robotic voice said, “How may I be of service?”
“Come Sam.” Dr. Harris said as he set foot inside the elevator. He turned around, “Don’t be shy now. It isn’t dangerous.”
I stepped on the elevator and felt my weight push down on the floor. After setting both feet into place the door slid closed. I gasped and leapt at Dr. Harris, who caught me.
“Relax Sam!” Dr. Harris said giggling. “Nothing’s going to happen… this is just an easier form of travel.”
The elevator dinged again. “Hello, what floor would you like to transverse to?” A robotic voice said. 
“Floor E101 please.” Dr. Harris answered.
A monitor buzzed on. 
“The floor you’re requesting is undergoing Protocol: Dead Zone. The Seeker Warden requests identification, please scan your card.” 
A card reader turned on and Dr. Harris slid his card over it: beep. 
“Identification accepted, please be sure to renew your visa as soon as possible Dr. Harrison Brown.” The monitor said.
I stared at the monitor’s mini-camera. 
I faced Dr. Harris. “So what’s on floor E101?”
“You’ll see.” Dr. Harris replied.

“So uh…”
“Hmm?” Dr. Harris said.
“Can you...”
“Sam speak up son, learn how to project your voice. Keep your posture straight and your chin leveled.” He said.
I adjusted my back and leveled my chin as he asked.
“Good job. It’s important to always remain in appropriate stature.” Dr. Harris said. “Now, do you recall manners at all?”
I nodded. “Yes sir.”
He smiled. “Excellent. Let me give you a refresher. Always refer to those older than you as sir or madam, but if you know their name always say their last name. For example me, if I didn’t have the doctor, it would be what?”
“Mr. Brown.”
Dr. Harris clapped his hand. “Your first year teacher will go over the rest of the things I didn’t cover. Just remember, I know it’s new to you, but fear no one because nobody is going to hurt you, so be friendly and not timid. Now please continue.”
After all that mumbo-jumbo I almost forgot that I was even going to ask a question. I hope that not all these older people are like Mr. Brown… ugh.
“The leak you spoke of, can you tell me-me more about it?”
He grinned. “Please.”
“Yes-yes, please sir.”
“And what brings your curious mind to even care about this leak I spoke of?” He asked.
“Uh, not sure. It just interests me for some reason.”
“Confidence Sam, don’t hesitate. Ask. Speak. Be confident.” 
I gulped and shrugged my shoulders. “Sir. I read something strange in the monitor, something about Jake Hartman and researchers… something about a Rever.”
Dr. Harris bit his lip. He took a quick glance at this small black, oval shaped, sphere overhead and then peered back at me. “Ah. The Rever effect.” Dr. Harris rubbed the back of his neck. “I’ll have to explain...”
The elevator dinged and felt it slow down.
“Destination complete. Thank you, and have a good day.” Said the robotic voice.
The doors slid open.
“We’ll have to speak of this Rever thing at a different time Sam. Let’s get this final test over with then I’ll answer your questions. So please follow.”
Dr. Harris stepped off and I followed close behind.
Revers… what could a Rever be. Jake Hartman too, that name caused an ogle in his expression. He also referred to it as a Rever effect?
Things weren’t clicking… or were they even supposed to? Was all this occurring before some orchestrated chain reaction that has been foreseen? Or is all of this out of sheer randomness? 
Nothing, I mean nothing came to mind. And this new thought process, the patterns that are coming, from questions to answers then a series of more questions kept me on the edge. 
Another lengthy hallway of nothing but white walls stretched abroad.
I hurried to catch up. “S-so, is this entire place made up of white walls?”
Dr. Harris cleared his throat, “Uh only this portion, don’t ponder too much to these white walls: Sam, I understand this is all new to you, but after today you’ll never set foot here again. So, like I said before, you’ll soon be introduced to reality and your caretaker will go over most of the things I don’t cover.”
There he goes again, mentioning: reality, just like: real world. And a caretaker, what’s a caretaker? I mean he’s spitting all this at me as though I’m supposed to know it already.
“What do you mean by reality and my caretaker?”
I heard him sigh. “You’ll see, all your questions will have answers in due time.” Dr. Harris said, “Just relax. Be patient.”
He stopped, “Hmm, I think this is it, hopefully,” he tapped on the wall and out of the blue the wall magically sprung open. 
“Been quite a while since I visited this room,” he said, “A long time indeed.” He then whispered to himself. 
Dr. Harris walked into the room with his echoing footsteps accompanying his wake. He stopped at the center, clapped his hands, and a silver chair slid up from the floor.
I stared all throughout the room, examining the bare and empty space, and trying to speculate any reason he’d take me here. My thoughts remained idle, nothing but emptiness.
“Is there a trap door beneath the chair?” I asked with weary eyes.
Dr. Harris gave me a blank stare, “T-trap door? Where’d you hear that from?”
I honestly didn’t know why I said trap door in the first place, I just spoke out rationally, and again, that’s the second time I spoke out without thinking.
“Uh Mary.” I replied.
“Mary actually had the time to explain the likes of a trap door?” Dr. Harris said.
“Yeah.”
“Well, it’s not a trap door, it’s a swivel.” Harris walked rotated it, “Nevertheless, you shouldn’t fear this, this final examination is to make sure your response time is accurate and exterminate all irregularities your body developed over time.” Dr. Harris rotated the chair to face me, “Go on, take a seat.”
I still felt apprehensive about this, even if it was just a swiveling chair. I saw it come up from the floor, there had to be something else that he’s not telling me. I took a deep breath and stepped inside. 
“Are you sure it’s safe?”
“Absolutely, look, you have nothing to worry about Sam.” He assured me.
I took a seat on the chair, and with it a table slid up from the armrest. Dr. Harris slapped a notebook in front of me and slid a pen next to it. 
“Jot down the vision that you had and give me a meaning to it. At the same time share your queries.” He said.
I was hoping I didn’t have to do this… Mary made me do this all the time before bedtime, jot random gibberish about the lessons I’ve learned that day. I locked my jaw and started to write:

Journal Entry number 2014
Hello, my name is Sam, and I’m a boy. Today, in my brief chat with Mary I learned a bit more about Nightmares and Dreams, how each are pretty much their opposites, like Tragedy and Happiness.
I also learned about age, and how people start to look older when time passes by. I’m not entirely sure about time though, time is a word that springs to mind on more than one occasion, but Mary has never completely defined its meaning…
Today is my birthday, I’m thirteen years old. Mary didn’t leave me with a birthday card, but she did leave me with some strange news about Revers and Scientists… about a decaying outside world: I’m not entirely sure what she meant by that but maybe Dr. Harris will explain more in the near future.
With my thirteenth birthday I was released from the room I was in for such a long time. I didn’t really become aware of my isolation until now… I didn’t know why I was stuck in there in the first place, and why I wouldn’t question being locked in there either… but I find it really odd, at least now, now that my mind can think beyond a certain point.
It’s like I discovered this new side of me that I never knew I had, my conscious {another word that springs to mind, but sounds right at this particular moment} can think outside the box… a phrase that also springs to mind, yet I think it’s right in this particular moment, but I don’t entirely know what it means.
A doctor named Harris Brown introduced me to some place that I forgot the name of. He told me about the chamber I was in how it’s called a Consolation Chamber-something like that, and how chambers are entitled to their own AI… which led me wondering if Mary was in fact real or not.
There had to be a real person there, or how would my Journal spring on my desk after my bathroom break, how did food appear on my table? There has got to be something I didn’t see when I was in there and right now that vague part of me that was stuck inside the chamber has no exact recollection as to the events that occurred, solely my teachings are fresh to mind.
He mentioned something about a leak that made a lot of AI’s go away? Could he mean the AI or the person operating the AI? I’m not too sure about that one either, and he didn’t answer a lot of my questions.
I turn the page and take a glance at Dr. Harris. He smiled and nodded. I turned back to the new page.
“You’re doing wonderful Sam. Now use that page to describe the vision you saw.” He said.
I nodded. “Ok.”
After he gave me that shot… everything in my perspective changed. Writing felt a lot more natural, my vocabulary felt a lot more refined, and my overall feelings, thoughts, and every other thing that I’m not aware about felt instinctive.
A host of random words jotted themselves down in my brain, words that I wasn’t aware I knew… brainwash, trust…
I felt a prickle on my neck, and then everything turned black…
---
“Good Morning Sam…” 
Said an unfamiliar and delicate voice, “You awake sweetie?”
I opened my eyes and gasped at the sight of a woman staring at me with a smile.
“Settle down Sam, settle down, don’t strain yourself,” her sapphire eyes welcomed me so wholly that I just let my head fall back on the pillow. 
“Welcome to your new home Sam, I’m Elizabeth William, and I’ve been entrusted to be your Caretaker until you’re ready to be on your own.”
She’s my caretaker? Didn’t Dr. Harris tell me something about that? I tried to recall his exact words but it hurt so much to think. I felt as terrible as I did when Dr. Harris opened the Consolation thingy-or whatever it’s called. My head strained, and strained so much that I croaked with a sour aftertaste that burned in my mouth.  
“W-where’s ugh,” a rush slit through my throat and nose as I blurted out with a sneeze, “Sorry, what, what was t-that.” I sneezed again.
Ms. William grinned. “That’s an allergic reaction sweetheart.” 
I studied her motion. Watched her move in this perfect harmony as she waltzed over to this table next to my bed. Her ivory skin tone and nails colored in a light blue dye, matching her azure eyes, fit her absolute dazzle. Her one-piece spaghetti strap dress, smothered in a lavender and aqua green flowers, glazed in the sunlight like a coating of ice. 
She took a piece of paper out of some box. “Tissue paper.” She said.
Her lush pink lips, glazing with the sun’s touch, turned into a captivating smile. The way her cheeks, eyes, and mouth portrayed her perfection kept me staring at her. I didn’t know why either. Why would I be so attracted to her?
“Here you go, don’t be scared,” she giggled, “It’s just… I think,” she bit her bottom lip and then broke a smile again, “Uh your antidote has left your system so you’ll be well-introduced to the real oxygen, but no need to worry of course because your medication should remove all those nasty side-effects.”
I shook my head and breathed in this air that burned as it slit through my nose and down my throat, “I’m lost… uh,” my eyes squinted with the bright beam of sunlight, cutting through the window blinds. “W-where did Dr. Harris go?”
“Who?” Ms. William said, her eyes wide opened and giving me this spooked sort-of surprise after I mentioned his name.
“Mr.-Dr. Harris Brown, the one...”
“Dr. Harris? Harrison Brown?” Ms. William’s feisty reaction kept me petrified. She straightened and crossed her arms. “Where’d you hear that name from?”
I felt baffled at Ms. William’s sudden mood-shift. I shrugged and rubbed my forehead trying my best to recall Dr. Harris Brown. “He released me.”
“That’s not possible, Dr.” she hesitated for a brief second as though the words soon to leap from her mouth were caught by a croak, “Dr. Scott Kelvin was the one set to release you, I’ll be right back,” without another word Ms. William left the room in a hurry. 
I wiped my nose. I wasn’t too concerned about the little mix up, but I did wonder how I got here and what happened during my little blackout. I couldn’t remember anything that happened after I sat on that silver chair. 
I got off the bed and stretched. I felt a stingy ache on my neck and arm; I rolled up my sleeve and saw a syringe bruise.
I didn’t feel that injection. I felt the side of my next and rubbed on the sore lump that stung terribly. 
My eyes followed the beam of light that led me to the window. I hurried over and stared outside into the clear blue sky while I hurt my eyes as I gazed directly into the sun. 
This exhilaration coursed through my body that left my heartbeat pounding against my chest. “Oh m-my gosh… it-it’s the sky, and the sun!” I bellowed. My face reddened and my eyes moistened.
A mechanical whir and a loud click brought my attention to a large monitor mounted on the wall. I stared at my dim reflection bouncing off the smooth glass like a mirror. A big monitor, a …Loading, on the upper right, and mechanical whir… great, an abnormally larger version of Mary? Possibly… ugh.
“Hello Sam, I’m AI-1200 Jane, and I’ll be your daily agenda,” the monitor, Jane, buzzed on with a Loading… on the bottom right of the screen, “Please be sure that I will always inform you of your next activity or lesson; your first lesson is scheduled for today 12:00pm.”
I rolled my eyes and sighed. Before I could even say anything, and thank this piece of artificial intelligence for ruining my moment, Ms. William walked into the room. 
She seemed calmer. She had this captivating aurora about her, I felt drawn to her in a way I couldn’t explain myself… she was extraordinarily beautiful. 
“Alright Sam, I know it’s very sudden, but your first lesson begins in thirty minutes, let’s get you acquainted with my home and we’re set to leave,” she turned towards the monitor, “Jane please inform Mr. Cove that Sam and I might be a few minutes tardy for the class.”
“Understood Ms. William. The message has been sent.”
“Thank you Jane, and I’d presume you two have met already,” Ms. William gave me another curious smile. 
“Yes Ms. William. I’ve already introduced myself.” Jane said.
“Excellent!” Ms. William said.
“Ms. William,” I said, “I-I… I feel weird,” I gasped at this strange irk that hit my side. I couldn’t gasp for air. I lost my balance and fell on the bed.

Burning, burning, and more burning... 
I wanted to scream, but I couldn’t, the subduing pain gashed every single part of my paralyzed body… I couldn’t see, but I felt myself moving, running at a pace that I never knew I could achieve. And then it all went away, a cool calmness washed over me like a comforting warm shower… and then all traces of feeling vanished leaving my whole fending to the void.

***
-Jake Hartman-
---
Chapter
3
Exposure
---

The vague memory of her final moments…
Plays over and over in my head. And I can’t find a way to shut it away to somehow erase it from my mind as though it were some petty file in a computer.
I thought the sight of my children would’ve somehow given me a hunch of determination to go on… but I still see no light at the end of the tunnel. Because even then I still don’t understand my own ambitions. 
I sigh.
I stand against the wall thinking. Thoroughly examining the circumstances concerning my little identity mix up. Can the Council be that blind? Or are they toying the systems… 
No-no I doubt they’d compromise themselves to that degree. The only thing that possibly could have happened with Dr. Harrison Brown’s I.D.E mix up is a small hiccup.
But a dead man’s I.D.E being accepted access to floors E through D is astronomical. There has got to be something else with this Dr. Harrison Brown, something that I haven’t dug up yet.
I clutch my fist and slam it against the wall. I shake my head.
It doesn’t matter anymore. Once the Council examines this little anomaly their security systems will have a complete flush out. Shutting down all I.D.E’s of departed brethren. I might have to come up with a completely new plan to alter even the slightest of data… I’ll have to be on my toes. I know the consequence for my act will surpass anything Thomas can do to help me. 
The echo of clicking footsteps has my hand in my pocket. I grip my pistol and slowly click the safety off. I crouch; press my back against the wall and peer down the left and right hallway. Nothing.
“Jake Hartman.” I hear a voice call out.
I loosen the hold of my gun and click the safety back on. It is Thomas… I try to calm my nerves, but my hands continue to shake feverishly.
“T-Thomas?” I mutter.
“That’s me.” Thomas answers.
I rise.
I hear him laugh quietly as he walks from the corner’s shadow.
“Pleased to see you’re still alive and well.”
I grin. “Thank you... and I’m glad to see you here. Can’t believe that I.D.E you gave me worked so well.”
I stare at him with apprehension. A golden mask veils his face, but his eyes I recognize, his strange fake-looking blue eyes that glow like a lone candle emitting light inside a dark room. 
“You don’t have to thank me. But do understand that this area’s Dead-Zone status will soon lift in ten minutes. Best to have this conversation elsewhere.” Thomas says.
I shake my head. “Yes-yes, of course, I understand. W-who are the Caretaker’s for my children?”
“Ms. Elizabeth William and Ms. Amelia Malcolm.”
I bite my lip. I have no memory of Elizabeth William, but Amelia Malcolm I do know.
I glare up at Thomas. “I suppose the Council has already figured out about the little mix up.”
“They're investigating it as we speak.” He hesitates. “They’re investigating Dr. Harrison T. Brown’s remnants. They’re uncertain how a nonentity acquired his identity.” 
“Will you be ok Thomas?”
I see his eyes squint.
“Yes. I’ll be fine. Remember, you exposed yourself to Sam and Rebecca. Ms. Elizabeth William already contacted the Council Officials that Dr. Scott Miles didn’t release Sam, but some man entitling himself as Dr. Harris Brown did.” Thomas crossed his arms. “However, Amelia has yet to contact the Council.”
“What does that mean?”
“I’m not too sure. But Dr. Scott’s body has yet been found… and that means there’s an anomaly in the system. The automatic protocol will release the Guardians…” Thomas inches towards me and clutches my shoulder, “Jake… if they find the slight scent of you on the children. This could turn out perilous.”
I gasp. If I place my children in danger I can never forgive myself. But what if I can turn this around somehow and have this little obstacle help me in the long run.
No, no, what am I thinking. I can’t put my children’s life in jeopardy. I’ll have to think of a way to deviate them away if they find a trace of my scent on Sam and Rebecca.
My cry of panic brought his hand over my mouth.
“Hey, hey, relax. I’ll monitor the children and I’ll look after them. You try to remain as inconspicuous as possible. But remember, once the Guardians acquire the scent… I-I can’t do anything to divert them from their path. Once they have that hunch… it’s impossible to do anything except to put it down.”
I narrow my eyes and purse my lips. 
I gave Sam and Rebecca my entire fortune… once the Council traces their Encoding Number they’ll witness first hand that Jake Hartman is not finished. 
“Jake just remain alert. I’ll follow by any plan you put together.” 
I shake my head, because this is beyond fathomable, this is crazy. “If the Guardians place a trace on me… I’ll have to move to plan B. And I’m not entirely sure what that is.”
“You mean you didn’t think that could happen?”
I push his hand away and turn around. “I wasn’t expecting the Guardians to take control over their Myrmidon commanders. But apparently, the President doesn’t trust in your kind anymore.”
Thomas chuckles, “And a damn good reason why.”
I snort. “Of course. Disloyalty is the product of human nature. Human nature is the product of absolution. Absolution is punishable by penance.”
“You mean yours.” Thomas chuckles. “And you’re still reciting old lectures.” Thomas nudges me in the arm. “All those things we learned for nothing.”
I chuckle. Because he’s right. I can’t break away from that… my authenticity will be forever engraved in my mind and heart, as the president wished it to be. 
“Apparently some of it rubbed off on you.” I face him, “Once apathy’s seed begins to blossom all self-control is abandoned. All care and humility is but an echo in a book that has a happy ending. But in this life, our life, there isn’t a happy ending. There is only misfortune.”
“Well then that’s something we’ll have to abolish.”
I crack a smile and bob my head. “So true. Out of all the Myrmidon you’re the most self-less, the most true to my kind. Perhaps we’ll make a dent in history as abolishers.”
“No. No. That’s too cliché for me. We’ll have to do more than that.”
“Let’s hope.” Before I said anymore, he interrupted me.
“Don’t hope. Hope is for the unconfident. We’re not that kind. We’re the confident. And this small step, could mean everything we long for.”
I failed to understand the we in his sentence. I have an ambition. One that’s wrought by my thirst for vengeance and longing to see the real light of day. To allow my children to grow somewhere where their future isn’t written before by the lust of man wanting to feel control. But it’ll take some time, and that time is precious to me.
“I’ll contact you later.” I whisper.
“No, I’ll find you. In between then I’ll visit your children.”
I take a breath and nod with a smile. I choose not to answer and then make my way out.
***
Sam
---
Chapter
4
Relativity
---
I woke up gasping for air... 
“Welcome back Sam,” Ms. William said as she placed her icy fingers on my forehead, “I can see you’re better now… phew you gave us quite a scare.” Ms. William gave me a motherly smile.
Us? Could she have meant Jane? I rubbed my forehead and felt the sweat on my brow.
“You were sweating, here.” She opened the drawer beneath the night table and pulled a white handkerchief. “Just use this.”
I took the soft fabric and wiped the sweat from my brow.
I got off the bed and almost lost my balance with my wooziness. My rear landed right back on the bed.
“Be careful,” Ms. William took my hand and helped me up, “Come to the kitchen the doctor left the medication.” 
Ms. William left the room and I followed her.
A delightful odor brought me to my senses; it was a delightful scent, and left this unusual feeling of urge to take a taste of whatever that was. 
The carpet felt cottony and soft as my toes wiggled over it, not cold and hard like the tile. The walls had a crème color rather then that pale white. Everything looked so perfect, the walls had pictures of sights I’ve never seen before; but out of all of them one picture stood out to me.
“Ms. William where can this particular spot be found?” I said. 
I stared at a glamorous painting made of a sunset.
Ms. William giggled, “Well, it’s only a picture Sam. I think it’s just an artistic representation of one, not an actual local.” Ms. William explained.
“I’ve seen it before… I-I had dream… err uh nightmare, I’m not sure,” I scoffed at my own inept demeanor at this subject that Mary so clearly defined in my final moments with it… err perhaps her. “But yea.” I pressed my fingers down the laminated surface.
“What is a nightmare?” Ms. William asked.
Wonderful, more trivia: more unnecessary questions to see if my knowledge was in check.
I closed my eyes, trying to find some form of answer to her question. Again, the only thing I saw behind my eyelids was the picture of that anonymous stranger with the gun: pressing the trigger. I opened my eyes. 
“I don’t know Ms. William.” 
“A nightmare is a tragic vision Sam; it brings our darkest fears… secrets, anything we fear losing, to life its terrible Sam… terrible.” Ms. William took a deep breath and straightened, “L-let’s hurry to the kitchen sweetheart, we’re already late for your first class.”
A chandelier hung from ceiling over the small square kitchen. It was decorated blandly, the walls were white, a small wooden table had a green tablecloth, and a mid-sized refrigerator in between the counter and the drawers. On the table a large silvery beaker and multiple glass cups were on top, next to the beaker there was a big capsule full of pills.
“Ms. William how often do I have to… t-take this?” I said.
Ms. William handed me three red pills, “These, there’s more than one.”
I smirked, “Ha, ha, these,” I snarled as the three capsules landed on the palm of my hand.
 Ms. William giggled, “You’ll have to take these until you’re accustomed to this temporal shift.”
So now I have to take medication in order to cope with all of this around me. Oxygen, the air, that human’s need in order to survive is an actual toxic to me. Quite spectacular.
“It’s because you were exposed to purified air your entire infancy, having contact with this more overly used atmospheric adaptation… it could cause harmful conditions to alter your health,” Ms. William explained, “We can’t allow that to happen.”
Apparently she saw my completely baffled expression as to why the oxygen is hazardous to me. Glad she clarified it.
“Your medicine must be taken: three times a day, three pills at twelve, three, and six pm,” Ms. William took the large capsule and read the instructions, “You’re on this medication for… ugh… wow, until your fifteen years old… the dosage will decrease overtime, Physician will keep in contact.” 
Ms. William’s appalled face turned into a smile, “Well now that we’ve got that iffy information cleared up I say we go meet your instructor!” She clapped her hands.
Why would she be slightly confused about using this medication for two whole years? I was too startled to even care since everything happening right now felt so unreal.
I mean come on, how could I just randomly appear in Ms. William’s home a couple of hours after living in some chamber for a portion of my life. 
And then that hit me there, I never once thought of that, I was trapped in that place yet all of this feels so natural, too natural: I mean I feel so tuned to all of this. How is that even a possibility when all this is new? Could it be human adaptation? I didn’t know, and perhaps my answer will come later today. 
I followed Ms. William out the door.
I hurried ahead of Ms. William and stared into the sky with arms spread wide.
“Oh my gosh Ms. William…” I smiled with the sun’s touch and whips of cool wind brushing against my body. 
“Don’t get too ahead of yourself Sam…”
Ahead of myself? How could she possibly understand the feelings I felt right now… this, all of this, I never knew it even existed. I felt Ms. William grasp my shoulder.
“Relax Sam, we’ll have time to play around here after your first class…”
I sighed and glanced up at her. “Can’t it wait a little longer?”
She shook her head. “Nope.”
I shrugged my shoulders. “Oh come on Ms. William.”
Her index finger flew an inch away from my face. “No is no young man. Come on let’s move.”
I sighed and nodded. “Ok Ms. William.
“Good. Now we can continue. This is our neighborhood, it’s basically a bunch of townhouses fenced together.” Ms. William pointed to the left and right showing a series of square houses extending far as the eye could see, each with their own fenced yard.
“Ahead of us,” she moved forward down a really, smooth surfaced, jet black sidewalk until we came across a wooden gate, “Is the park…”
I glared down at my feet and noticed I was bare foot, where have my shoes gone? I could have sworn I had them on… wait, I didn’t have them on in the house so I must have awakened without them.
 As she continued to mope about the neighborhood my attention deviated away from her chatter to this small, conspicuous piece of nature that I only witnessed in photographs. A rose, not just a normal red rose, it was a yellow rose. 
I stepped off the sidewalk onto the dry, prickly grass that crunched beneath my feet. I edged closer and lurched over it and before I grasp a hold of its stem, I saw little, black thorns all around it.
“Eh I’d be careful with those Sam,” Ms. William said, “They’re beautiful though aren’t they?”
I nodded.
“These are a new breed of the rose you’ve probably read about in your studies.” She explained.
She was right, I recalled them a red color too. “Are these thorns poisonous?” I ran my finger down the dull, curved spike.
“Nope.”
I chuckle. “Well then there shouldn’t be anything to worry about”
“They’re not poisonous but the thorns can still hurt!” Ms. William interrupted, “Anyways Sam, let’s get going we’re already pretty darn late for your class.”
I heard her step off the grass and, click, click, over the sidewalk, until the gate, screeched open.
I hurried over to her, “Ok,” I said.
Ms. William took my hand and we moved along the sidewalk, “If you look there in the middle is the park and that big building there behind it,” she pointed at the large building, “That’s where your classes will take place.”
I stared at the park, a big silvery slide, monkey bars, and three swings. Though it didn’t come to mind, the place was isolated. Not a twitter of birds or croak of crickets, only dead silence and occasional breezes that rattled the leaves and swayed the cutgrass. 
“Ms. William are we suppose to be alone here?” I felt a bit unease, I felt this unusual supernatural feeling grasp my senses; a cold chill ran down my spine.
Ms. William’s grip tightened around my hand. Her beautiful blue eyes glittered as she bit her lip, she didn’t say anything.
Student Facility
Jefferson Campus

“Well, we’re finally here!” Ms. William said.
Ms. William and I stood in front of two large glass double doors. This unexpected recollection tore through my thoughts as I stared at my reflection bouncing off the polished glass: The Letter! I gasped, and I let go of Ms. William’s hand and reached into my back pocket. The envelope was still there.
Ms. William smirked at me, “Hey you ok sweetie?”
I sighed in relief, “Uh… yeah… yes Ms. William.” I answered.
Ms. William moved forward and pressed her thumb against a square fingerprint reader, a red light on the top, center of the door turned green “Access Granted,” a computerized voice said and then the double doors slid open.
Ms. William let go of my hand. Her eyebrows straightened and eyes narrowed. “Sam let me see your fingers.”
She gasped, “O-oh my, what happened to your fingerprints?”
I felt a tad nervous because last time I said Dr. Harris’s name she freaked out. 
“Well uh… Dr. Harris… he took this hot laser thingy and burnt them off.” I answered.
“That Harris again, wonder what was his interest in you?”
“What happened to him?”
“That’s not important.” Ms. William added.
“Well it must be something since I-I mean, he did take me out of that...”
“V-I Isolation Chamber.” Ms. William added to my utter confusion.
“Yeah the chamber-thing, and took me to floor,” I crunched my eyes shut trying to find some answer in my head, “E101 I think was the floor.”
“Impossible, no one has high enough authorization to be in that floor not even a doctor… hell, especially not a,” she hesitated, “His clearance to do anything should have been revoked days after his…” she stopped herself again and locked her mouth shut. “Anyways. Sorry Sam.” She smiled. “So, you excited Sam?” Ms. William asked, trying to change the subject.
“Uh I don’t know, am I suppose to be excited?” I said, and I had the right to ask that, I didn’t know what to expect, or to be quite frank, I didn’t know what I was getting into. 
Sure I was about to go to a class, but how would this class be taught? Is my teacher a real instructor or some mechanical piece of machinery that’s programmed to say what it’s supposed to say? 
Ms. William outstretched her hand, “Let’s go meet your teacher.”
The doors closed. 
“Oh and since you don’t have fingerprints… I’ll have to inform the Council Officials that they’ll need to give you an I.D.E to access most buildings.” Ms. William said.
I stared at my hands and grimaced. I wonder what were Dr. Harris’s intensions to have done this.
A long hallway stretched before me. More white walls, with ice cold polished marble tile beneath my bare feet. Ms. William moved and I followed close behind her.
“For security purposes the rooms must remain enclosed and hidden,” Ms. William explained, “So you walk until a door opens; the Mainframe Warden has every individual’s schedule so no mix ups occur. Of course, they’re currently using my I.D.E, since they haven’t assigned you one just yet. Another thing I’ll have to inform the Council. As soon as we begin we can explain things so much more thoroughly and… ugh… you’ll understand a bit more, ok?” Ms. William whispered.
“Ok… but,” before I could finish a wall slid open.
“Hold your thought, this is it.” Ms. William said.
She entered and I followed. The room was moderately large and rectangular; windows covered the right, a large white board in its center, and the rest of the room decorated with alphabetical wallpaper. A round wooden table with chairs was at the center and a desk at the far right next the white board.
“Well seems like Mr. Cove isn’t here yet… well since this is a secure room let me explain a couple of things before he gets here, come and sit down,” Ms. William took a seat and leaned against the table, I sat next to her, “Look this is the only class I am going to accompany you in, after this it’ll be your duty to come here every day ok.”
I nodded.
“Security systems constantly change. The Mainframe Warder, some virtual AI system that tracks individual movements, generalizes security threats and so forth. Personally I see no reason in it since it’s rare if anything happens, since once an anomaly is detected it’s squashed immediately. Hopefully by tomorrow morning your I.D.E will come.” I felt her icy fingers grasp my hand and turn it. “When did you get this?” 
Her face had this suspicious fright applied all over its appalled gesture.
Then again, this was the first time I’ve notice this little stamp on my wrist in the first place… I don’t even recall getting it, unless, that moment of complete and total darkness and me appearing in Ms. William’s care: between then and now Dr. Harris could have applied it.
“When did I get this?” I asked.
She sat back, “It’s a bit of a complicated subject, but once you leave the Consolation Chamber you’re designated with a I.D.E number that’s normally on a card… however, this could be a new form that the Council has yet to introduce.” she pulled out a white card with a bar code and fluttered it.
“Will you get one of these?”
“I don’t know if I’ll get one like yours anytime soon, and I wasn’t aware of an I.D.E change… we’ll see.”
Strange that she didn’t possess one but I did. I could hear her discomfort in the subject.
The door opened, Mr. Cove, an elderly gentleman, back arched, and kept astride by his wooden cane, walked in. 
“Good Afternoon,” Mr. Cove said, “Elizabeth,” his eyes dart to me, “And you must be Sam, pleased to finally meet you,” he staggered towards me and gave me a light pat on the back, “Welcome, welcome.”
“And how are you Mr. Cove?” Ms. William said with a smile.
“I’m wonderful Elizabeth, thanks for asking, and yourself?” 
“Good as always!”
“Good, good, glad to hear, so, since it seems we’re all tardy, I say we get this show on the road.” Mr. Cove said, his voice expressing a dry joy.
Mr. Cove walked to his desk and sat down, “First and for most, introduction: Introduction meanings first impressions and understanding who we are and what we do, ambitions, facts, and goals.”
Ms. William and I nodded.
Mr. Cove snapped his finger. The classroom lights dimmed, the windows shut, and the white board turned black, Loading… on the upper right.
“Sam, you can address me as Mr. Cove. Today we’re going to speak about time; first question being, what is time?”
Letters typed themselves on the board:
-
Time Is?
Time cycles in motion with every action we take, it's inescapable, and in some views we can never have too much of it.
Time is our weakness, time is our kismet; with each passing tick we become older, we age and wither away, experience, enjoy, fear, hate, and other humanly emotions.
-
The monitor turned black.
“Now Sam, before I delve and enlighten your vocabulary, I’m going to show you a Yearly Calendar.” 
Mr. Cove clapped his hands, the room lights came back on and the windows opened. He reached into his desk and pulled out a calendar.
“Sam come to my desk please.” Mr. Cove said.
I felt petrified, I quickly glanced at Ms. William, she grinned and nodded; I rose and then walked to Mr. Cove’s desk.
“Chin up, chin up, and straighten your posture.”
“Huh?” I replied.
“Raise your chin and your back, straighten it boy, best to fix bad habits earlier then later… you don’t want to be looking like me do you know?” Mr. Cove said.
“Mr. Cove I’ll take care of that, you just go on and teach.”
“Excuse me Ms. William, I’m well aware of that thank you very much, now just sit back and look pretty while I teach the boy proper manners.” Mr. Cove tone rose sharply.
Ms. William bit her lip, her cheeks reddened.
“Now let’s continue Sam, since we were so rudely interrupted; look here, look here, this is a calendar; a year is broken down into twelve months-January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, and finally December”
“Each month is broken down into weeks and days,” Mr. Cove opened the calendar and flipped to February, “These are the days of the week-Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday; today’s date: Monday, September 22.” Mr. Cove explained, “You may take a seat again.”

“Ms. William… do I have to attend to that class?” I said.
Elizabeth stopped and turned to me, “Yup, Monday through Saturday,”
I gasped “No way!” I bellowed, “That’s like every day!”
“Yes, but it’s only for three hours,” Ms. William explained, “Look it’ll go by fast ok, and, it’s playtime afterward, so, yea, let’s go fix us some food and I’ll explain a couple of other things concerning your schedule.”
Ms. William peered down the vacant hallway. Her face saddened.
 “Most likely after we eat we’ll go get you some new clothes and books too.” 
Ms. William turned and began her way towards the exit, I followed her.
There was something strange about that small lecture, specifically the part about the calendar. It was incomplete, the month, day, but no year.
It was this constant annoyance just nibbling and nibbling in my curiosity.

As soon as the tanned double doors opened the same vacant sidewalk and empty courtyard remained unaltered. The sky cloudless, the breeze constant, and the temperature cool. 
I ran ahead of Ms. William towards a daisy puckering out the grass. I knelt down and stared at the yellowy pedals and its supernatural dance as the wind pushed and pulled it.
“That’s a daisy,” Ms. William said, her arms crossed, and lovely figure standing perfectly aligned with her symmetry.
“Yeah, it looks identical to the ones I saw in pictures.” I said.
“They’re quite beautiful aren’t they?” Ms. William said a bit monotonously.
I nodded.
“Let’s go eat, I’m a bit hungry. And you’ve got to take your medicine,” she stood silent for a brief minute, “And then we can go grab some clothes and books.” I glared up at her. Her lips were pursed and eyes squinted. “And some shoes too.” She finally said.
So apparently I didn’t have shoes when I got to Ms. William’s resident. I couldn’t pass that; I couldn’t even pass the offer for some new clothes.
I plucked the daisy from the ground and stuffed it in my pocket.
“Ok, I’m ready Ms. William!” 
She shuffled my hair, grabbed my hand, and dragged me down the sidewalk.

Ms. William placed a glass of water and my medicine on the table.
“Drink up… err... I mean eat up, they’re chewable, make sure you drink all the water,” Ms. William flicked the glass, “Water is an essential to make the medicine work ok?”
I reached for the pills but before I could grab it Ms. William slapped his hand away.
“Wait,” Ms. William said, “Open your hands and turned them around.”
I did as she asked. 
Ms. William went into one of the drawers in the kitchen and had what looked like a miniature spray-can that looked like Dr. Harris’s hand sanitizer spray he used on me inside the Consolation Chamber. She unscrewed the top and sprayed my hands.
“This is Hand Sanitizer,” she shook the can with a grin in her face, apparently she thought I didn’t know what it was, but I didn’t want to stray her away from teaching me things I already knew, “Keeps those nasty little germs away from the pills... ok, now you can take them.”
The spray evaporated almost instantaneously as it made contact with my skin, leaving a nice cool, tingly feeling on my hands. I took the pills and ate them, and then gulped the water down.
“So Ms. William, what’s with Dr. Harris Brown?” I asked.
“You know, sometimes not knowing is best,” she slapped her hand against the table, stood, and massaged her temples as she moved over to the kitchen sink and leaned against it. She stared at her dim reflection bouncing off the window over the sink. 
“Look, I shouldn’t be telling you this since you’re not of age, but in society there are bad people… t-there are those that try to hurt others… those that try to corrupt… the worst part of course is we as individuals allow it to corrupt us, and then we go and pervert the corruption in a whole new manner… you will soon learn of this, perhaps not in these classes with Mr. Cove, but you’ll learn about the acts of Human Nature’s captivating noose that’ll rope you to an entirely different area amidst your thoughts that you’ve never thought were possible. 
“In these different, higher leveled classes, the teachers will try to teach you that society corrupts you, but the truth is, yes society does corrupt: but we as individual allow the corruption to take part… why can’t thinking take place? I mean obviously a small portion of your conscious would notice there’s something wrong… but besieged by its splendor the mind forfeits all form of reasoning,” Ms. William signed and shook her head as though disbelief with her own words.
She turned around and faced me, “We’re blessed with a brain, and we have the choice to think, we have a choice, but why choose corruption over certainty is the question I’ll leave you with Sam, why do we choose the worse over the wiser choice?”
I stared in Ms. William’s eyes, I saw the truth in her words, but I didn’t know what to say to it. I either take it by the hand and walk with it, or let it slip pass my conscious.
“Ms. William was Dr. Harris just a bad person?”
Ms. William straightened her posture, “He caused a lot of people to fall to a false hope.”
“What do you mean by hope?” I asked.
“Hope…,” Ms. William shook her head and grinned, “Hope is an illusion… if you wait for it too long, it’ll stab you in the back.” She whispered.
I grinned, “So hope, this abstract, is in other words unreliable, correct?” 
Her reaction to my little speech left her jaw-dropped.
“No, no… it’s to hope, hope is an insubstantial, it could be a random, l-like luck, ah heck, let’s just cut this conversation Sam, I don’t want to eat my own words ok… let me ponder on my own beliefs and then we can carry this on.” Ms. William said.
Ms. William left my curiosity thirsty, her knowledge had me wanting more, wanting me to add more questions to the subject… but her answers would just bring questions, and my cycle of questions would be ceaseless.
“Ok, but Ms. William… how do I know what to believe in?”
“As you grow and experience you’ll build your moral, giving you certain views on certain things, you’ll have an opinion… and it grows and becomes firm… like a rock, you then just see things differently, see things more differently than others would, a perspective. Time, the choices we make, and the experiences we face shape us to the person we’ll become for the rest of our lives.”
A bit awing, “That’s kind of...”
“Overwhelming?” Ms. William remarked quickly.
She took the word right out of mouth.
“Yeah!”
“Yes, and when you feel overwhelmed by anything: that’s where hope comes in to place; if you feel like everything around you is crumbling down, just hold on to hope”
“But it’s an illusion,” I interjected, and it’s quite serious, why would anyone want to hold on to something abstract, something that’s not really there? 
Could the mind open up in a way for that certain abstract thing to become an actuality? Or does it defuse itself into a cycle of confusion so that the host makes that inanimate thing a reality?
“Yes, because there’s not really anything there, hope is a false feeling that tries to boost determination to keep you sane in certain hair-pulling situations.” Ms. William said.
“So there’s not really anything there”
“Ok enough, enough, I’d love to continue but it’s time to stop this before I spill my views to a thirteen year old boy,” Ms. William’s keen eye stared at the small pen sized camera on the side of the refrigerator; its lens wide open, “Come Sam let’s leave, hurry, hurry before the shops close.” 
Ms. William outstretched her hand and pulled me with her as we rushed out of the kitchen.

Ms. William shut the door quickly, she leaned against it, and her forehead stooped on it.
“Ms. William what is wrong?”
Ms. William turned around, combed her hair into a ponytail, and then smiled at me, 
“Nothing sweetheart, it’s just sometimes these walls just feel like they’re ready to cave in… feelings are a mutual part of existence,” she quickly got ahead of me and I followed her quick stride, “They could destroy us,” she unlocked the gate and opened it wide for me, her eyes connected with mine, “Make us into the very person we fear to become,” she let me pass and then locked the gate right back, “Envelope us, restrain us,” she wrapped her hand around me and we walked down the sidewalk.
Ms. William seemed uncertain about things, just like me. I didn’t know what was happening yet; I was still boggled by the fact that I’m here, outside, looking at the very sky I only thought to be fantasy. 
And by my side, this lovely woman, a female, the opposite counterpart to a male, her hand around me, as though she’s known me for a while… and it did feel that way too, everything did, it felt natural, as though I’ve been here... like a cliché.
“So you’re saying you’re confused about all of this,” I said, perhaps I’m seeing what she’s talking about... I mean everything does seem a tad bit too perfect, not only that, why are we the only ones out and about? It feels so isolated.
“Sam I just feel caged, we’re so isolated… I mean so vacant, this place used to be crawling with people”
“Where did they go, were they departed or something?”
Ms. William stopped and stared at me with squinted eyes, “Where’d you hear that word from?” Ms. William said.
I grimaced, “Dr. Harris, he said something happened… like a leak or something… well that’s what he told me”
“And it was a fact, it was terrible Sam… a dramatic outburst,” she laughed sardonically and started moving again, “I guess you can call the past times our darkest hour… we didn’t know what was happening, people visited by the Council Officials taken… beaten, the roaring screams of pain… they were being punished for god knows what, and then it was a big hoax.”
“A hoax?”
“Like a big joke… and it wasn’t funny, many were...”
“Departed?” I added.
“No, it’s a far worse word… a word we all dread, but you can’t be told of it,” Ms. William said coolly, “Not yet at least.”
“And Dr. Harris was in fault to all that occurred?”
There had to be cause, there couldn’t be an effect out of natural, nothingness.
“I honestly don’t know Sam, we’re kept locked tight away from important events… we just live its aftermath, the Council doesn’t allow things to disrupt their society.”
 “Then how do you know his name and why freak out about it when I say it?” I said.
“The mind of a child,” Ms. William said with a smile, “Oh, we almost missed our turn,” she turned right to another long sidewalk that stretched until another big building, bigger than the school, was in sight. 
“That’s the merchandising facility, that’s where we get goods, food, wares… and other perks.”
“But Ms. William how did you know Dr. Harris?” I asked again.
“Maybe when you’re older I’ll tell you, just remind me later in time… it might just accidently spill out,” Ms. William said, her eyes were drawn towards the clear heavens.

---
Chapter
5
Desires
---

The double doors slid open and a high-pitched ding left my heartbeat thumping.
“You ok sweetie?” Ms. William asked, her hand massaging my shoulder.
After finally reconnecting with myself I glared into her eyes and nodded.
“I’m fine Ms. William.” I replied.
She smiled. “Well come on now, our purchases aren’t going to buy themselves.”
A big warehouse sized space stood before me, the roof as high as the sky, and dozens upon dozens of lights hanging from the roof, stretching from one side to the other. People, real people, walked around with other kids that seemed around my age. 
One stood out from the other, a little girl, blonde curly hair, eyes as bright as the sky, and a smile as beautiful as the dirt-ridden daisy stuffed in my pocket. She turned and stared right back at me; my heart sunk as her crippling glare caused my mouth to drop.
My heartbeat banged against my chest and my face felt hotter than normal.
“Sam you ok? You seem flustered!” Ms. William yelped.
She pinched my cheek and forcefully averted my attention away from the angel.
“I’m fine Ms. William.” I said as I tried to connect eyes with that girl again.
I heard Ms. William continue to yap away endlessly about this place, honestly I could care less.
Ms. William’s annoying giggle took my attention away, “It’s one gigantic fishbowl of goods”
“Oh my gosh, Elizabeth, Elizabeth William is that you!” A strange voice called out, “Oh my gosh! It is you, Elizabeth hey!” 
I turned around and a beautiful woman, blond shoulder-length hair, blue eyes, and ivory skin came and hugged Ms. William; next to the woman, that girl!
“Amber Johnson!” Ms. William exclaimed.
“And who is this handsome young man there,” Amber said, she shuffled my hair and then pinched my cheek, I guess to see if I was noticing her, “Hi there, I’m Amber,” she reached out her other hand towards me.
“Go on Sam, shake her hand sweetheart she’s an old friend of mine,” Ms. William said.
Did I really want to shake hands with this woman who abruptly pinched my cheek? I had to be polite so I shook her hand and tried to force a smile from my aggravation. If one more person tried to pinch my cheek … I’ll pinch them right back.
“Hello Ma`am.” I said.
“And proper manners too,” Amber said delighted, “By the way let me introduce you to Amy, my little princess!”
So this beautiful angel is named Amy.
“Shucks mom, stop embarrassing me!” Amy said as she blushed.
“Amy here is in her second year Sam, she can tell you all about her experiences, here Elizabeth,” Amber, from her bag, pulled out a square sized yellow sticky, pulled a pen out and wrote something on the piece of paper, “This is her CIM (Contact Instant Messaging) code number so you can just type to each other via the Monitor System.”
Their voices faded into the back of my mind; my eyes remained glued to Amy’s, what did I feel towards her? Was it affection, attraction? I couldn’t quite put my finger on it yet. It did however feel overwhelming, like something was choking me from saying anything to her. 
Without thought or reason I reached into my pocket and pulled out that, wrinkled, and almost due fall apart daisy, and handed it to her.
“You can have this.” I said.
“Aw!” Amy yelped, “Thank you Sam!” She took the daisy and smiled, “It’s beautiful… my favorite color too!”
Her gratitude and warm smile brought my shacking numbness to disappear, and this strange wave of confidence washed over me, relaxing every part of my body.
Amy turned to Amber who was standing and staring jaw-dropped, the groceries bags in her possession somehow made their way to the floor. 
“Mom look, look, Sam gave me a flower!”
“That’s so sweet of you Sam,” Amber yanked me from my perfectly comfortable position and dragged me into her arms. As she hugged me, I wondered if she was actually trying to strangle me.
“Mom, mom, the dentist appointment is in ten minutes shouldn’t we get going!”
“Of course, of course,” Amber said, “Well we’ll see you two later, and we have our park time scheduled at four PM tomorrow Elizabeth so you know”
Amber gave Ms. William one last hug and kiss on the cheek, and she gave me a final handshake and a kiss on my forehead, thank goodness it wasn’t a pinch on the cheek, and then they sped off. 
Amy gave me one last smile and then waved at me as she went past the door.
“Who was she Ms. William?” 
“An old friend of mine… a long time friend…” she replied with a tone so low I had trouble deciphering her lip movement.
“What?”
“Ask me when we get home sweetie, we need to grab some food and apparel.” Ms. William said.
“Alright.”
The place felt chilly now; I guess now that all my thumping blood settled I finally caught a tang of this unusually cold place. Amy’s face was still amidst the taint of black spanning the back of my eyelids, I couldn’t help but to linger on about what I felt, it was this perpetual feeling, good and bad all at the same time smothered with Amy’s face all over.
This warehouse was filled with isles from one corner to the other; each had signs on each end; Breads, Pastas, the lists went on and on. On the end-cap boxes and boxes of randomly named items, from snacks to cereals, and all sorts of other random stuff loafed in their perfectly aligned positions.
Ms. William took a tiny basket, grabbed my hand, and began my adventure of strolling about aimlessly searching for arbitrary stuff.
“Sam you ok… has your medicine wore off or something,” Ms. William lodged her cold fingers against my forehead, “A bit warm.”
“I’m fine Ms. William.” I assured her.
“You sure, look… I know we’ve only known ourselves for less than a day but we’ll grow with each other, learn of ourselves and such.” Ms. William said.
“I know Ms. William I’m fine… all this is new to me but I feel safe with you.”
“That’s always good to know, you walk with me and I’ll teach you meaning, misconceptions, and if you ever have any questions feel free to ask me ok, anything, but… only when we’re in the house,” she got closer to my ear and whispered, “My perspective of things are a bit different then other Caretakers.”
As soon as she finished with her little speech Ms. William past through a metal-detector type archway that led to the main shopping area.
I hesitated to follow. I had this unusual pretense about this archway, as though I’ve witnessed something like this before. It felt familiar to me; it hummed this surreal melody into the bases of my subconscious it spoke to me: yet the words were a mere whisper like the wind hissing past my ears.
I closed my eyes, and a blurred face spoke to me, it said: 
“As quiet as the stone that lays beneath your feet…”
  The voice became recognizable: it was him, Dr. Harris.
“It’s safe Sam, just pass through!” Ms. William said.
I shook my head and briefly glared behind me with the corner of my eye. Nothing, his voice came from my own conscious somehow. I turned back to Ms. William. 
“What is this thing?”
“It just keeps track of the people that come in and out… security purposes… j-just come on through!” Ms. William persisted.
I steadily tip-toed pass the archway; it beeped green-a robotic voice said, “Welcome to Choalstar Sam!”
Spooked, I leaped forward into Ms. William’s arms.
“Relax Sam, relax,” Ms. William said as she grasp hold of me, “It’s just the Welcoming message for first-timers, nothing more.” Ms. William said.
It was something else, that wasn’t the voice I heard. I played oblivious to the voice I actually heard and what Ms. William heard, so I played along as believably as possible.
I winced, “Oh, oh ok!” I lied.
My eyes shifted left and right, noticing the other people staring at me a bit awkwardly, most were awe-goggled. I also noticed that there were only women and young girls around me, I turned to the workers, yellow and green dressed middle aged women with long skirt-length aprons, every other individual woman had the same small basket held in their possession; it all looked the same, they all seemed identical, almost like cloned copies of one another. The only different was their height and skin tone, other than that, the same features, blond hair and blue eyes. 
I didn’t delve much into the state of things and tried to redirect my interest to the many goods stacked on one another. 

After a seeming endless series of roaming about this warehouse, Ms. William said the words I longed to hear since all these random women started staring at me.
“That’s that,” Ms. William said. 
Finally! I had this urge to just break into a sprint and run out of here.
“Let’s go check out, this will be your first experience doing so, and after this you should be a master at doing so!” Ms. William said overly energetic.
Ms. William set her groceries on a spinning table that lead to a cashier; a young woman stood there waiting with a crooked smile.
“Hi there!” She wailed as she scanned each item.
Ms. William went into her bag, pulled out her card, and swiped it on the card reader. Red flashed on the display.
“Ma`am it’s saying your card has expired… well honestly it has happened to like every other person.” The young woman explained.
Ms. William groaned, “Why wasn’t I informed of this?” She said annoyed as she stuffed the card inside her purse.
“Ma`am we’re not authorize to-to,” before she could finish, the card reader began to speak.
“Ms. Elizabeth William our apologies on our behalf for not informing you about the unexpected I.P Electronic Security Serial change; please come to the I.P Facility, room B01 tomorrow to receive your new DIA I.P Electronic Security Card.” A whirring hum began and then clicked off.
Ms. William gave a tiresome sigh, “Sam, sweetie, please come here.” She said.
I wonder what she was expecting me to do. I hurried next to her and waited. 
“Yes Ms. William?”
“Pull out your hand and use your DIA Encoding number to pay.”
The Cashier lady gave me this suspicious stare. 
At the bottom of the card reader a scanner beamed its red light, I scanned my barcode and immediately payment options typed themselves on the card reader screen:

Total: *309.65
Do You Accept or Decline?
---Yes--  ---No---

Elizabeth pressed yes. Not a second later the receipt printed and a robotic Thank You spoke out of the card reader speaker.
“Thanks for shopping we’ll see you again.” Said the Cashier with an arid voice.
“Thanks!” Ms. William said, with her face a bit rosier than usual.
“Bye,” I said to the lady whose face became ogled after I said that… apparently bye doesn’t cope well here. Or could it be the fact that every single female I slipped by stared at me with that same completely mystified expression?
Ms. William grinned, grabbed the four grocery bags, and sped off towards the exit. I followed behind her speedy stride.
I tugged on her skirt as soon as the double doors slid open, “Hey Ms. William what was that number for?”
“Here take a bag and I’ll explain it to you outside.” Ms. William said.
She handed me one of the lighter bags and I kindly accepted it.

Ms. William and I stepped out of Coalstar into a jaded orange sunset sky accompanied by a cool breeze that left a swarm of goose bumps to ride up my arms, followed by a cold chill. We made our way down the vacant sidewalk towards the residential area.
“Anyways,” Ms. William said, finally speaking after what felt like ages of wandering about, “The number on the screen was the total cost of the products we purchased, err… well you did since my card didn’t work; trade here is dealt with currency, or money; we use the AUP Dollar.” She explained and then handed Sam the receipt, “AUP is basically virtual money stored in a computerized system.”  
I took the recipe and briefly glanced at it, nothing but the big total number, so I just stuffed it in my pocket. 
“If its virtual money where do we get it from?” I said.
“Labor.”
“Labor?” I repeated, “Like work?”
“Yeah, we have to work for it, like that cashier girl, that’s her job and she gets paid money to do it each individual is entitled to their own job depending on… well what the Council entitles that individual person to do.”
“So what do I do?” I said.
I paid for those things without me doing any form of work to acquire this so called AUP dollar… at least to my knowledge, unless they pay me to go to class.
“Nothing, when you become of legal age the Council will assign you a career plan, your first three years will be study, and when you become fifteen your LCP document, Life Career Placement, will reach our living quarters, and we’ll send you off to whichever facility you were put in.” Ms. William explained, “However there are those rare times when your LCP document arrives a couple of days after your fourteenth birthday… but none of my previous Adoptole’s had that occur.” 
“So what’s your job?” I said.
Ms. William smirked, “Well, my main job is Caretaker, which means I take care of you! And my other job eh, I can’t say!”
I didn’t request an answer to Ms. William’s neglect.  
“Oh my! It’s almost dusk! We have to hurry home honey! Come, come let’s go!” She sped her stride through the sidewalk yanking me along with her.

I helped Ms. William put the groceries on the table.
“Thanks sweetie!” Ms. William said as she grabbed the can of hand-sanitizer, “Time for your medicine Sam, give me your hands.” Ms. William said.
She sprayed her hands and then sprayed my hands. Ms. William opened the capsule and gave me those three red pills again; this little routine had me gritting my teeth with annoyance. 
She poured water into a cup and handed it to me, “Drink up,” Ms. William said.
I gulped them down with the water and placed the cup inside the sink.
“Here are your clothes dear,” Ms. William said as she handed me the large rectangular paper bag, “Go ahead and get comfortable, I’m going to begin making dinner.”
I made my way to my room. I again stopped and caught another glimpse of the majestic sunset embracing the ocean tide. 
I kept on pondering what I saw in that dream and about that letter Mary gave me.
I put the bag on the bed and then pulled the envelope Mary gave me out of my back pocket. I remained dazed by it, I had an urge to open it, but I knew, I just knew it was only my own curiosity wanting to, so I allowed this other strange feeling to hold me back. I took it and stuffed the envelope between the bed mattresses in order to keep it hidden away until I know it was the right time.
But then again, when was the right time? Perhaps as my time here progresses and I grow, maybe mature more, I’ll find the inexplicable content in there more desiring than I would now.
“Good Evening Sam,” Jane said, “Mr. Cove, EM sent me a list of vocabulary words you’ll need to know for tomorrow,” the monitor screen went black, Loading… on the bottom right, without long a list of words typed themselves on the screen:
Ace
Color
Calendar
History
Mistake
Fantasy
Nightmare
Dream


I stared at the list of words for a second.
“Now Sam while Ms. Elizabeth William prepares supper we’re going to learn basic word meanings.”
Elizabeth knocked and then walked in, “Jane there’s no need for that right now, thank you; you may idle until dawn.” Ms. William said.
“Understood Ms. William,” Jane said. “Signing out.”
A light whirr and then click came from the monitor.
“Sam, come to the kitchen sweetheart.” She said as she walked off.
I closed my eyes real tight and rubbed my head. A flash of crimson slit through the black: I gasped. 
The lights flickered and ground trembled lightly, a red light flashed on the monitor. Written on the red: Alert.
Ms. William rushed in, “Sam you ok?”
“Yea, but what was that?”
“I’m not sure, could have been bad power reception.” Ms. William explained.
Jane’s screen now displayed a big WARNING message flashing on and off; writing began to scroll from the bottom right:

-Due to an unexpected emergency we have sealed all residential communities’ households, canceled all events, and closed down all shops; please keep aware of the Class A Lockdown until further notice, Thank You-
 
 The window near my bed sealed itself with a metal frame clinging down until it locked and the lights in the room dimmed.
“J-Just relax Sam… this is just a test.” Ms. William said.
Another rumble occurred. 
I felt fine, but apparently Ms. William seemed to be freaking out. I wonder what exactly could cause this or if it’s a natural thing… the floor rumbling I mean. 
“Is this what Mary explained as an earthquake Ms. William. The ground trembling beneath our feet?” I whispered.
“I don’t know what it is Sam… come I guess we can talk in the kitchen while this gets straightened out.”
Another soft tremor occurred.
I followed Ms. William back to the kitchen where a fragrance of food consumed the air. On the stove a pot boiled; Ms. William hurried over, took a big wooden spoon from the sink, and stirred the content.
“Glad I caught this before it boiled too much!” Ms. William giggled nervously, “You can sit Sam. The food is almost done.” 
I sat down, “Ms. William, how did you know Ms. Johnson?”
“She is a really good friend of mine Sam”
Mary’s definition of friend catapulted away from my knowledge, “Uh can you explain what a friend is?” My face felt hot.
Ms. William giggled, “A friend is basically a trustworthy individual. Trustworthy meaning you’d hang out with them, spend time together, share your feelings and thoughts… basically grow with each other… I mean a little part of us becomes a part of them, and a part of them becomes a part of you,” she groaned and shook her head. “Ugh, friendship is complicated to explain.”
“So are we kind of like friends Ms. William?”
“Yes, but my goal is to make you into a straight forward gentleman, so I must give you my personal insight and teach you in a different manner, but it’s your job to accept my own council, or reject my teachings, we all have a choice Sam, to believe what is right, or embrace the wrong.” Ms. William said.
I sat there silent feeling my stomach rumble.
“But anyways, I got carried away; Amber and I were in the same class for three straight years in a row… we just hit it off and became best friends. This of course was before classes were made into single students courses, Sam… bad things occurred once I graduated school and got my LCP, after that I… I never saw her again until today; it was a pleasant encounter, one I would have never expected.” Ms. William said.
“So what happened?”
“I can’t tell you Sam, not until you’re of age, actually I won’t be the one to tell you, your LCP instructor should go over the historical archives of our society, um, but”
“But, I mean, it’s so strange Ms. William, why is everything such a big secret?”
“No,” Ms. William interrupted quickly, “Look Sam, you’re only thirteen years old, you still have your entire life ahead of you, don’t rush it ok.”
Ms. William took the big steaming pot and placed it on the counter. She took some bowls from the cupboard and poured some of the chicken stew in them.
“You’ll love this Sam, my own stew, pieces of chicken, corn, a special seasoning, and some carrot-bites I’d consider this my specialty,” Ms. William grinned.
She took one of the steaming bowls of stew and set on the table next to me, “Honestly Sam, if my LCP hadn’t have placed me in the career it did I would of loved to be a chef, you know, like have your own little one-stop restaurant… I would have loved that,” Ms. William’s face became rosy, her eyes glittered, “A fantasy only to rest in my most bizarre of dreams.”
She went into the drawer and took two silvery teaspoons. She handed me one and placed the other one next to her bowl.
“Eat up sweetie, before it gets cold.”
I stared at the floating blobs of random things, the orangey carrot pieces, and white chunks of chicken.
It felt as though everything Mary had introduced me to, the things I learned in those years of lecture and studying pictures, had been for naught, but out of the blue in my thirteenth birthday this new reality, this beautiful phrase would be brought to life. 
Life: is existence, all the things I’ve learned were just blooming to my consciousness without any form of meaning; concentration was there, my basic meanings were there, I was speaking as though I’ve done it before; I was speaking to a real human-being, not a twenty-two inch monitor named Mary.
 Ms. William was a real person, a real person, someone like me… it was still hard for me to swallow all of this happening so quickly just one day after my thirteenth birthday.
“Dreams are good Ms. William.” I said with drizzles of stew broth trickling down my lip.
Ms. William scooped some stew and smiled at me, before she took a bite she handed me a napkin.
“Dreams are beautiful, Sam… your most outrageous fantasy could come crawling out of the jet black abyss, blooming to life with a tall tale… a story.” Ms. William said.
“Then why do nightmares exist?”
“Emotional drought could stir it up, depression, feeling alone. Our fragile bodies are stimulated by our environment: the people we meet, things we experience, it’s this awkward feeling, Sam, I mean it’s impossible to describe; it’s just human.”
That night after Elizabeth tucked me into my bed, I had another dream.
---
“There are some things done that have no form of forgiveness,” echoed a mysterious voice, “Those actions have only one form of punishment.” 
The darkened figure wearing a black as night cloak, and jaded eyes glowing like the faint stars in the heavens, stepped into the scene, carrying the same long barreled automatic.
“Do you see, look behind,” the figure pointed afar, beyond the clutter of men and woman knelt and chained together, to an open ocean and blood red sunset, “Beauty awakens after your release, life rewinds itself… you see forgiveness has no price, but it’s punishment is eternal.”
Church bells clanged in the distance, the ocean waves roared like lions, crashing into the blot of sands.
“Leave us be!” Bellowed a man, “Untie us, l-let us go!”
The dark figure laughed beneath his breathe, “I wish I could, I-I really do, honest to god, but what’s more rewarding then being grant access to the second part of life.”
“You son of bitch! You’re just a pond, a-a pond doing the dirty wor…”
A thunderous burst brought gasps.
Wisps of heat released from the barrel.
He locked the safety back on the rifle and lowered it to his side.
“Don’t speak unless you’re spoken to.”
The half of dozen knelt down panted, some wept; the stranger just stood there and stared at them, one by one making eye contact with the next. He locked his jaw and straightened his posture.
“How long have you done this?” Asked the only face that wasn’t blurred by the shadow, it was a younger Dr. Harris Brown.
The dark figure unlocked the safety and then rashly blasted away at everyone except Harris Brown. Like ragdolls their bodies fell to the ground, blood seeping into the sands.
“What is your name stranger?” The darkened figure asked.
Dr. Harris giggled mused, “Is that a rhetorical question? You already know who I am.”
“Of course I do”
“Obviously”
“Don’t speak out of line again, or I promise not to further prolong your departure. Stand.”
Dr. Harris didn’t hesitate to stand as the dead carcasses sinking into the sand weighed down his hands.
“Speak; you seem to have something you long to say.” The stranger said.
Dr. Harris scoffed, “How’d you know?”
“I don’t answer questions, I ask them. Now speak, or forever hold your tongue.”
“You took something of mine… something I held dear, something irreplaceable.”
“Who was this someone?” 
Dr. Harris hesitated and licked his lips, he took a deep breath as though it pained him to say the next words, “My beloved.”
“Sam…, Sam….”
---
Chapter
6
Outsiders
---
“Sam,”
Said Jane.
I opened my eyes with drops of ice-cold sweat trickling down my forehead. I didn’t get to finish it, I felt prone to shut my eyes again and finish the dream-err perhaps nightmare, heck I don’t know what it was, but Jane didn’t let me go far enough. 
“Good Morning Sam.”
Was now really a good time for this? A good morning, no, if I had some kind of throwing object anywhere near me I was going to grab it and throw at Jane to perhaps shut her-it up indefinitely, or at least until they came and fixed it.
My aggravation curled and gnawed.
I leapt off the bed and gave the monitor my angry face.
“What?” I said.
The monitor screen whirred on, Loading… on the bottom right, letters typed themselves on the screen:

Hello Sam, this is a TEXT Message sent to you by: Ms. Elizabeth William
There’s a key to the house next to your night table. I have work today so I will see you later on in the evening.
Elizabeth William


The monitor for a split second started to static, a second later it became black, and then a second after that more static consumed the screen again. 
I turned towards the window and noticed it opened again. I hurried over and stared up at the cloudless sky.
I didn’t hear the windows open.
Beep, beep, occurred, I turned around and saw three red pills and a glass of water inside a metal box-like cupboard that had just opened near the monitor. 
I walked towards the cupboard and took the pills down with one gulp.
From the glass’s reflection I saw my barcode. I couldn’t bend my eyes away from it. I passed my fingers over that section of skin. 
A strange pressure took a hold of my chest. My lips trembled. My eyes darted to the door. My body had this urge to run out, but I held myself back.
Could it have been a panic reaction to something?
I shut my eyes and took a deep breath.

I hurried out of the house and stared into the vast clear sky. I smiled from ear-to-ear.
I couldn’t stray away from this, all this surrounding me: I couldn’t and didn’t want to get accustomed to it; I wanted this place to feel fresh and new every day.
I stepped off the sidewalk and made my way to that yellow rose still perfectly erect and blossomed since I last saw it. I knelt and stooped over it. I took whiff of it and smelled its lavender aroma. It refreshed me.
I opened the gate slipped on through and shut it back. 
I had on some of the new clothes Elizabeth bought me; a pair of short cargo pants, and a green collared buttoned short-sleeved dress-shirt. 
I stepped on the snaky sidewalk and stared across towards the park, the silvery slide glimmered like fire, and the swings swayed with the wind’s breeze.
I took a detour and headed onto the grass and made my way towards an arched tree. I poked the barks odd plastic-like and rigid texture and noticed its unique aroma. Near the base of the tree I caught sight of a shiny object. I knelt down and picked it up; a heart shaped locket. I examined the grass and saw footsteps trailing away.
I stuffed the locket in my pocket and walked past the arched tree into a vast open field flooded with yellowy over a foot long grass.
“Sam.” A voice said harshly.
Spooked, I turned around and saw a white dressed individual, head covered by a white hood, and his blue shady eyes giving a freaky glow.
“Those fields are prohibited, come back on the sidewalk please.” The man said.
I hurried back on the sidewalk and stared at this strangely dressed tall gentleman.
The man outstretched his hand, which was covered by thick leathery gloves. I took his hand and didn’t know what the man was implying.
The man chuckled, “This is a handshake, Sam… oh let me not be so rude, I’m Oliver.”
“H-hi,” I said, “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Pleasure to finally make your acquaintance Sam, it’s a curious honor indeed, I’m expecting great things from you.” Oliver said.
“Really?”
“Yup.”
“But how I was just taken out of that chamber thingy not too long ago.”
“Yeah, you are new,” Oliver quickly added, “And that’s understandable, but it’s not the now we look at Sam, it’s what you’ll become,” Oliver twisted my arm and stared at the barcode, “Strange on to what society has to do in order to keep stability and responsibility… now corruption can be caught by a scan of this. But you’re a prototype, so you and one other person are the only two with this barcode.”
“Will things ever get back to normal?”
“Normal?” Oliver replied. 
“Yea, like Ms. William, she told about the days before.”
“Oh, ok, I get you, before the Dark Times. No norm will never be reached; security has tightened so drastically that it’s hard enough to believe,” Oliver let go of my hand and gave me a smile, “I have this feeling this isn’t the last time we will meet Sam.” Oliver bowed and walked off towards the Market District.

Student Facility
Jefferson Campus

I entered the Student Facility really drawn towards my curious side. He looked like the man from my nightmares.
I walked down the long corridor until a door magically slid open. I entered the same classroom I had before.
The lights were dim, the room cool. I calmly pulled out a chair and sat down.

“Good afternoon Sam,” Mr. Coves said dryly as he limped across the room towards his desk.
“Hello Mr. Coves,” I replied.
Mr. Coves placed a briefcase on the desk. He clapped and the classroom lights brightened.
“Today we’re going to talk about Historical Accounts and also, before I forget, I have your syllabus,” Mr. Coves unlocked the briefcase and pulled out a sheet of paper, “Come and get it.” 
I was perfectly fine sitting… great. I stood and walked to Mr. Coves, he gave me a grin, and then handed me the piece of paper.
“Make sure you give that to Ms. William, ok… Sam?” Mr. Coves said.
 I nodded and then walked back to my seat and sat down.
“Ok Sam, let’s begin: Starting with,” he snapped his fingers and the white board turned black, …Loading on the bottom right, as soon as that occurred the lights dimmed down and window shutters closed.
“History,” Mr. Coves said, “What is history Sam?”
I closed my eyes and thought, “History is… ugh… time that has past and is important?” 
“A somewhat inaccurate meaning, nonetheless, there’s room to build, the concept is there but keeping it simple is more important; History is knowledge of our past affairs.” Mr. Coves explain, “History is important, History can teach us what we’ve achieved, and in some ways it could lead us to the thing we’ll become: Extinct or Prosperous. 
“By learning of the past it will gave way to the future, by examining what our forefathers forged it could lead to a better society, less corruption… but if we ignore, then we’ll most likely repeat a mistake that has already occurred: Consequence for every action, held accountable for the things we will do, will better our comprehension and be ready for the things to come.”
Mr. Coves went into his briefcase and pulled out a thick book entitled: Civilization: Version 009  
“Sam, the first thing we will cover in this class is society’s beginning, how did we end up in the place we are today,”
“Are you like saying the growth of society, Sir? I mean… or are we just learning where it came from?” I asked.
“Both, everything has a beginning, and eventually everything will have an end… empires collapse, it’s just the basics of life and the evils of human nature.”
“Human nature meaning what?”
“Survival, everyone has an animal within… we all have a desperate side, a side that would do anything to survive… but in this society perfection must be in order.” Mr. Coves said.
“Oh ok, I think I am getting this.”
Mr. Coves took a seat, slid on a pair of spectacles, and opened the book, “Civilization, growth of humanity and morality; the creation of gods and the submission of praise, began with the Era of the Aevums. 
“The Aevums believed in supernatural powers that surround the universe, the elements, air and water that erode a sense of humility, and the pursuit to give absolute perfection to the natural powers surrounding them. Early civilization were composed of savages, power hungry, and wanting their own order,”
Mr. Coves closed the book. “After reading this book on and on I’ve come to conclude that history beyond a certain point is just an idle pile of rubbish Sam… honestly it feels more of a historical fairytale then a logistic and meaningful piece of information. Sure, like I said before, everything has a beginning, but how can we delve into history as thoroughly as these so-called Scholar’s dictated.”
I shrugged… what?
“Come on now you’ve got to have some kind of comment to this… this is our ancestors.”
“Well uh… I don’t know Mr. Coves,” before I could even say anything else something clicked inside, this urge to speak, “Civilizations fraught perfection in a term that was unattainable, boast of pleasing gods, boast of pleasing others, but what truly matters is that we only get one life and that’s more than enough encouragement to make the best of it.”
Mr. Coves cleared his throat and then said, “Excellent response…”

I left the room and heard the door slide shut behind me. I turned around and saw but a white polished wall.
I made my way towards the exit. The tanned double doors ahead embedded the hallway with a dim glow that made the tile floor look as if it were glazed. 
Thoughts ventured through my mind, they were of Amy again; I felt this odd irk in the pit of his stomach. A strange sensation captivated his emotions and drained them away into this paranoia of heartache. 
As I got to the double doors I saw my reflection bounce off, but before I could grin the doors opened wide and blinded me with the glare of the sun.
“Sam, Sam,” a familiar voice said, “Sam it’s park time, come!” 
It was Amy, Amber grinned rigorously at me and waved. Amy let go of Amber’s hand and ran towards the park. I steadily walked down the sidewalk until I stood before Amber whom before I could say anything gave me a tight squeeze of a hug.
“Hi sweetie,” Amber said, “How was your class?”
“It was ok, I guess, we learned about the beginning of civilizations and stuff… Mr. Coves didn’t seem too anxious about it.”
“Come on Sam, let’s go play,” Amy said as she ran down the sidewalk, took my hand, and dragged me with her.
“You both enjoy,” Amber said.
 Amy sat on the swing and I took the one next to her.
“Park time is fun Sam, especially now that I have a friend with me!” She said.
I blushed, “A friend?”
I closed my eyes and tried to recall the word.
“Sam, my LCP came in yesterday… but mom isn’t allowed to open it until I hit my third year… I feel scared Sam.”
“Why?”
“I can’t tell you Sam, but I… I don’t want to leave my mom.” Amy whimpered.     
This word Mom didn’t ring a bell; was she referring to Amber; I thought.
“My mom told me scary stories about some LCP’s that are given to young girls, Sam… and I-I don’t want to go.” Amy’s eyes glittered.
I didn’t know what to say, but I did hear this sense of fear in her voice.
“Does Ms. Amber know?”
“No, Sam, I am afraid to tell her.” Amy whispered.
I took a quick glance at Amber; she was resting on the grass, arms crossed behind her head. I took a deep breath after feeling this strange irk tickle the pit of my stomach. 
I felt Amy’s stare cripple me for some reason; it was odd, this strange feeling... what could it be, what could it mean? I turned towards her, her glittery blue eyes staring at mine; she smiled.
“Sam you’re different.” Amy said.
“Different?” I replied.
“Yeah… you make me smile…”
I fell off the swing. 
Amy giggled, “You ok Sam?”
She stooped over me, “Hey Sam?”
“Yeah?”
“You ok?” Amy asked again.
“Sure,” I said smiling.
“Sam,” Amber appeared from the sidewalk, “Come with us to my house we’ll prepare supper, I’m sure Elizabeth will be fine with it and it’ll keep Amy company.” Amber said.
“Please Sam!” Amy begged.
“Ok,” I said as I got off the ground.

I followed Amber and Amy down the vacant sidewalk pass a sign saying: Seer’s Way. The houses stretched far and they were all aligned perfectly symmetrical, like a long line of dominoes. 
Amy occasionally glanced back at me; her hand was tightly grasping Amber’s. The walk felt long, but finally Amber turned to a gate, unlocked the gate, and opened it wide for Amy and I.
“Sam I will make sure to send Elizabeth a message ok, I’ll invite her over for supper too.” Amber said with a heartwarming smile.
As soon as I entered the front door, I was met with the exact replica of my own home. The same colored walls, tile kitchen floor: the same long hallway full of pictures.
I noticed Amy take a seat on the table and I went ahead and sat next to her.
She turned and faced me, giving me a warm smile... I couldn't help but blush. I don't know, but I couldn't pin point the feelings that I had... they seemed so life sucking, I mean I couldn't focus straight.
“I will be right back ok, going to send Elizabeth the message.” Amber said.
Amy tilts her head a little and gives me a curious stare, “Sam have you ever read before?” Amy asked.
“No.” I replied.
“Mom read me this one book and, and the main character… he lost himself, Sam… he took it for himself to find what he lost, but in his course he let go of the very thing he sought for, and when he found it… he let it slip pass his fingertips… forever losing it again.” Amy’s voice was very grim, but her eyes wouldn't shy away from mine. 
“What did he search for?”
“Well if I tell you then it would ruin the story Sam,” Amy grinned.
Amber walked in, “Sam, I informed Elizabeth… well how about we start the cooking!” 
The kitchen lights brightened with Amber moving around the kitchen getting things ready, pots, and ingredients.
“Amy sweetie can you get me the garlic please?” Amber asked.
“Sure, mom,” she rushed over to the refrigerator and pulled out a glass jar of chopped garlic, “Here,” she put the garlic on the counter, “Anything else?”
“Yeah, put the pot on the stove and pour some garlic in it.” Amber said. 
 Amy grabbed a big pot the size of her head and with effort put it on the stove. She opened the garlic jar and poured a quarter of it inside the pot.
“Now turn the stove to Medium.”
Amy reached over the counter and twisted the knob to Medium.
Amber took a plastic wrapped bowl full of, what looked like, chopped ham and tomatoes and then poured it into the pot. Amy sat back down.
“Thanks Amy dear,” Amber said, “So Sam, how are you enjoying this new world so far?”
I smirked, “Well it’s very different… I mean I still think I am in a dream as all this is happening… you know? One moment you’re inside this cube and then the next I am here, sitting and enjoying a conversation with a real person.” I explained it as best as I could.
“Yea Sam, I still remember when I was released from that cubical… I felt, perhaps my first taste of freedom… it’s been a long time, way too long,” Amber said.
“Well it’s not that I don’t feel that freedom, it’s that I don’t know,” I turned to Amy, “There’s something that is happening, I mean there’s this...”
The monitor on the refrigerator flashed: “A TEXT Message from Ms. Elizabeth William
To: Sam
“Sam you forgot to take your medicine! When you get home take it immediately!”
I chuckled and rolled my eyes, “Oh yea the medicine.”
“Guess that means she’s not coming over,” Amber said a bit disappointed.
I turned back to Amy, who continued to stare at me with these ogled eyes.
I seriously didn’t understand this term, the stare, what exactly could this mean to me, and should I be concerned about this? I mean, I do feel this irk every time I do stare... it's like she wasn’t just looking into my eyes, she was looking at me as a whole. 
Not too long afterwards, I felt my face turn scarlet, my heartbeat pumped, and I felt the blood rush through my veins.
The kitchen lights flickered.
Amy gasped: I immediately turned to her.
“Strange,” Amber said.
“What happened?” I said.
“Power surge?” Amy added bewilderedly.
“Yeah,” Amber replied.
I arched an eyebrow, “Huh?”
“A power surge is caused by a problem in the system; you will soon learn how it’s structured as you progress through your courses in class,” Amber explained, “Strange to have 2 of them occur back to back.”
Before Amber could say anything else the doorbell rung; Amy and I turned around and stared at the small display screen turn on. Three men, all properly suited in blue suits, stood perfectly aligned with one another on the display screen; their heads shaved, faces clean, and hands by their side.
“Those are Council Officers,” Amber whispered.
Amber went and opened the door; the three men stood as still as a statue, until their eyes fixed themselves on me.
“Ms. Amber White we’re here to commandeer Sam for debrief, his legal guardian has already been contacted. Sam please come with us immediately.” The one in the middle said with a dry voice.
I gave one last stare at Amy and then walked towards the suited strangers…
***
Jake Hartman


---
Chapter
7
Dismantle
---
Set apart the heart and the soul…
And there comes a hollow shell of individualization. I’ve sought a form of restrain, an idea to generalize a way to corrupt the host and allow a small hunch of knowledge to ascertain the body. 
But none of my research or innovations can put back what I’ve done… and what I’ve done, the Council has taken and corrupted to a degree that not even my own wits can decipher.
However, my children… they’re my own, they’re my entity. They’re designed through the human process of reproduction, and not of perfectly engineered processing. If they both remain incognito and allow my small test to run its course we can see if Humankind can be resurrected once more. 
But what ambition has me wanting this? Could it be my curse to restore my beloved? A thing no mere mortal can accomplish… I wonder what could come of my disastrous plan. What of me? What of my children?
I went on. Letting my hopeless haze control me. Like Thomas said, hope is an illusion that clouds judgment. Hope can’t save anyone. It’s an abstract, a fake term used by the old crippled race that our humankind comes from… then again, a small part of me, is a part of my Human Race, and with that I’m impaired by my own weakness.
My numbness, where does it come from? How can I erase it, how can I feel whole again? Was it because I was used? Because the love of my life was taken from me? What is causing my numbness?
But my weakness being what? Could my weakness come from my compassion? Or have I lost the love I feel for civilization?
Because of civilization, because of corruption, because of every thought-to-be insignificant act, our beloved haven crumbled away and now life outside this cell is almost impossible. If the President had listened to my brother, would have followed his innovation to restore the world outside it.
My pen rolls off my fingertips and slides on the floor. I squint my eyes and try my best to remain attentive. But I can’t focus any longer. I worry because Thomas has yet to contact me.
I rise and stare out the canopy of my window. The cool breeze sweeps through like a cold drop of water sliding down my spine and the beams of sunlight dance along the shivering blinds. I close my journal and slide it between my pillows.
I take my pistol from the desk and shove it in my pocket.
“What do you plan on doing with that old thing?” Says a voice.
I click the safety off and aim at the opened door. My hands quiver at the sight of Thomas.
Thomas raises his hands. “Wow, wow. Don’t go trigger happy now!”
I sigh with relief. “Ever heard of knocking?” I take breaths while I attempt to get my heartbeat back under control.
“Jake who’s the only person who knows of this location besides yourself?” Thomas asks.
I grimace and straighten. “Just you and I.” I answer.
“Exactly.”
I smile. “Nice to see your face again. I almost forgot how you looked like.”
It’s been a while since I’ve seen him. His old pale-sick face smeared with creases of age and cool light blue eyes kindle like a sapphire stretched towards the sun. His hair has that same pale look almost transitioning as it grazes his skin.
He rolls his eyes and pats his face with his hands. “Feels about the same.” He glares over to the mirror on the corner of my room. “Looks about the same too.” He pokes his cheek, “Well I guess I have a wrinkle right there now.” He groans.
I chuckle. “Enough, enough. How’s Rebecca and Sam?”
His brows straighten, nostrils flare, and his lips purse.
“Uh what’s that suppose to mean?” I take a step closer to him.
He breaks a smile. “Relax. Just bursting your bubble. They’re doing great. I recently spoke to Sam. And Rebecca… wow that one’s quite a character. Reminds me of you!”
“What do you mean?”
“Stubborn and obnoxious.”
I laugh. “Nice to know. Anything else?” 
“Yes. Sam’s is being taken by the Council Officials for questioning. Specifically to attain information about you.”
“Hmph… strange they’d do that. I shouldn’t be too concerned though. There isn’t much he can inform them. Word on the Council?”
His face turns grave. “They had us search for Scott’s body and let the Guardian’s take scent. They’ve predestined something that I or none of the other Myrmidons could decipher.” He crosses his arms and leans on the doorway.
“Did they find the body where I placed it?” I ask.
“Of course. Incredibly clever location. Glad you pointed it out or we would’ve never found it.”
“What caused those tremors?”
He steps outside and I follow. The cool breeze remains constant with the sun’s beams stripping through each potential opening crack from the great trees of this forest.
“Supposedly Colonization Expansion of the Ark.” He answers.
That’s hard to believe. Why would the President wish to expand the Ark? There has to be some motive behind it, or perhaps it’s just a lie to cope with the actuality towards those tremors. The Ark isn’t expandable; I didn’t design it for expansion unless he wishes to demolish half-a-quarter of it.
I lock my jaw. Aggravation slits through my veins while I stare up into the haze of swaying branches and rustling leaves.
“Jake I’m sorry.”
“I’m sorry isn’t going to fix anything Thomas. All my work, all my innovations and equipment are being used up and remodeled a-and reworked… while I am an outcast.” I hesitate and stare at him. “I should have just died that day.”
“Don’t say that. Be grateful you’re alive. Be grateful you’re children are alive. There’s no reason to fret.”
I take a deep breath. “What else can you tell me?”
“Well, since the Guardians are being given slightly more free roaming space, the Council started development of these security rooms called EMQ rooms”
“That’s awfully strange. That’s something a man that doesn’t feel safe builds. Why would the President order such a drastic change in security protocols?”
Thomas points at me. “Because of you. He knows you’re out and about. He knows what you’re capable of.”
“Alright. That’s fair enough. Keep vigilant of my children and I’m going to see what those tremors were really from.” I say and wonder off deeper into the forest.
I glare back with the corner of my eyes and see Thomas standing there with arms burrowed in his cloak. Trust. Should I trust? Broken trust has demolished many… but as human, there’s nothing else I can do to justify my mean for accomplishment.
***

---
Chapter
8
Indictment
---

The cool pristine breeze swept across the courtyard… 
The leaves rustled and the grass danced to its motion. The heavens were smeared with gray and black clouds, a sight I’ve never seen here before.
I followed the three men and their hasty pace down the sidewalk towards a building to the far right of the student facility, one so tiny that I didn’t even notice it was there in the first place. Not a word hence forth their lips, only crunchy footsteps given off by their glazed shoes.
My thoughts were rampant. Uncontrollable. I couldn't focus... and then the thought of never seeing Amy again crippled me beyond comprehension; what would I do, what power do I have to do anything; but that one irk, that unbearable feeling irritating my stomach kept on displaying Amy in my head. 
I shook my head and tried to keep sane. I knew it wasn’t time to assume anything, not yet at least, not until I figured out why I'm being accompanied by these three blue suited, bald, strangers.
“Sam, no need to be afraid,” said the man in between the other two, “We’re just investigating a rather suspicious occurrence: does the name Dr. Harris Brown ring a bell?” 
“Y-yes,” I answered.
“Well, as soon as we get to a secure cell in Facility PCI we will begin debrief.” The man said.
 I nodded.
White double doors led inside the PCI Facility; nothing fancy or eye catchy, just a simple series of door-less and window-less hallways. The floor had a glossy black marble and the roof had this ivory pastel color.
Cold air occasionally rushed through the hallways as they made way; I kept my eyes on alert and felt this uncanny vibe. 
Could it be because I haven’t taken my medicine?
Not sure, but the word: Paranoid, typed itself in my head.
“No,” said the man in the middle, “We will supply you with the supplement here.”
I felt my cheeks burn.
Did he just read my thoughts?
The three men stopped. A door slid open from the right wall and they all aligned themselves next to the opening.
“You may enter Sam.”

The small square sized room was like a white box, one little round table in the center with four stainless steel chairs.
“Please take a seat Sam, we must discuss this issue.”
His voice left me petrified; I timidly took a seat on the cold chair and stared at the man.
“Why am I here?”
“My name is Xavier W. Rees, I am the head of the Council Officers: reason we brought you here was to investigate Dr. Harris Brown’s and his unauthorized access.”
“Who exactly is he; and why is he so important?” I asked.
Xavier Rees cleared his throat, “I am here to ask you the questions, not answer,” he said vehemently, “We understand that Dr. Harris Brown somehow managed to undertake your release; do you recall anything?”
“Ugh, well,” I hesitated for a brief second. “He spoke of like something that happened, I told him about Mary and he talked about some leak and it.”
“Yes, it caused the release of many; but you’re not supposed to know about that, so don’t ever let that bit of information slip pass your tongue, don’t ever mention Dr. Harris Brown either-his name could cause your immediate release. Only with us in this secure location.” Rees said.
Sam took a glance at the men standing near the door, they stood there as still as statues, their eyes connected to his. He turned back to Rees, “Ok, then, what do you want to know?”
Rees rose and went towards the wall; a hatch opened with a glass of water and three red pills set on a small plate, “First you must take your medicine,” he took the plate and set it next to me. “Go ahead.”
I stuffed the three pills in his mouth and gulped down the water. I was eager to finish this little debrief.
“Now,” Rees said coolly, “What we’re discussing here mustn’t be spoken of to anyone, Sam, do you understand?”
I nodded, “I understand, Sir.”
Rees grinned vigorously as he straightened his posture, “Dr. Harris Brown somehow managed to undertake the identity of an nonexistent doctor, and the doctor that was placed to get you in the first place, we don’t know how he managed to do it either… there’s flaw in our system, and that’s why we’ve been forced to begin this new encoding imprint on the wrist, the DIA Encoding.”
I turned my wrist around and stared at the barcode and the series of consecutive numbers: 00908666852
“That barcode right there is your Personal Encoding Number, also known as the DIA Encoding; it identifies you and tracks where you’ve been, and your daily agenda on activities that have been set for you.” Rees explained; his attitude a bit cooler than it was before.
“Why doesn’t Amy have one?” I asked as my eyes moved towards Rees’s.
“Because this is a new project we’re currently working on, you and one other being our exclusive prototypes: if it fails, then perhaps our society will undergo a drastic identity recreation.”
“But why am I so important?” I cut in.
“You’re still young, too young to understand anything… but you do have mature thoughts, stronger than I’ve seen in any first year… you actually have emotion built, you’re truly different.” Rees said.
Rees stood and began pacing around the room, Sam continued his stare at him, for some reason Rees seemed uncomfortable.
“Many things have been placed aside for you, Sam, as soon as you become of age we’ll stature your date and training will begin at once. I’ll arrange a different date to consulate things we’ve discovered thus far in our investigation… hopefully you’ll recall more information than what we were able to take from your Recollection Pool about what occurred before your black out.”
Recollection Pool? 

---

Year
2
---
Chapter
9
Attachment
---

That following morning Jane… 
Woke me up with this annoying beep that was so aggravating that not even covering my head with my pillow could hold off the sound. 
“Ok, ok, I am up Jane, gosh! What’s with the rush?” I babbled childishly.
“Your class begins in an hour Sam; you better not skip like yesterday: Mr. Cove already sent Ms. William a message concerning your irresponsibility to get to class. And you’ve also got an Email from Amy.”
My heart skipped a beat at the sound of Amy’s name ringing in my head, “Really!” I said excited, “Patch it through the monitor Jane, hurry-hurry!”
 From: Amy: To: Sam
Hey Sam, it’s Amy! Just wanted to invite you over to dinner tonight, my mom is making Penne and Fettuccine! It’s going to be awesome, and we can continue reading that book!
K, bye Sam!

Just the thought got me beyond excited; I rushed off the bed stretched my arms, and moved to the mirror. Checked my hair and noticed this irritable little blemish right on the tip of my nose. I poked it only to make it sting and turn even redder.  
I growled exasperatedly, “Jane,” I whined, “What is this!?” I said, with the tip of my index finger lightly tapping on my nose.
I noticed Jane’s abnormally large monitor size screen flicker; perhaps even virtual AI get annoyed? I wouldn’t know, “Hey Jane you there?”
Jane flickered on with a hum, “It is a complicated subject Sam, I will send a message to Mr. Cove so he can give you a brief explanation about it”
“What?”
Come on, an AI monitor won’t tell me what exactly this little red dot on my nose is? What exactly is so complicated about it? 
“Uh gee thanks Jane, I find you so useful sometimes.” I said with a smirk.
“Sam you better take your medicine and leave at once, or I’ll tell Ms. Elizabeth William to not let you go see Amy.”
What? Is Jane seriously threatening me? How could this machine possibly stop me from seeing Amy? 
I felt angry now, one of the few humanly emotions I hold dearly to my own, and makes me understand what being human really is. 
So obviously, really obvious indeed, this machine now recognizes certain connected routines and watches my every move to make this so-called: Portfolio about me, so that it can somehow guesstimate my next action… awesome. 
“Ok,” I said rebelliously, “I will leave.” 
Hey I could treat that piece of glass anyway I felt like, it’s not like it can hear my sarcasm. For good omen, I even stuck my tongue out at it.

I walked outside and was met with overcast, and a very mucky ambiance; I felt my face get oily and sticky at once. It’s been like this for quite some time now; that beautiful sun that once blemished the sky hasn’t been seen for a little over ten months. 
I don’t exactly know what happened either, I’ve asked Amy, and from every other person I’ve talked to about it, she has been the only one who has actually noticed as I have. Nevertheless, I still didn’t find it that unusual, but once in a while, I wouldn’t mind catching that glimpse again. 
I continued down the sidewalk I unlocked the gate, passed through and then locked it again. I stared blankly across the park, the same barren inhumanity; the sickening silence that haunts incessantly since I first set foot on this terrain remained as idle as a burrowed tomb. 
I tucked my hands in my pocket and continued down the sidewalk towards the Jefferson Building. I had many questions in my mind today, a lot of questions; I’ve been constantly asking Ms. William, but she’s been so uptight and hushed, that I’ve been afraid to tell her anything lately. 
Mr. Cove and his classes were getting tiresome, boring, and just overall unbelievable; all the things he has been telling me, trying to brainwash me by explaining things that seem almost impossible.
Before my 2nd year started, the final day I met with Mr. Cove and had this Semi-Break (this is the term used for the small period of time before year two begins) he explained the Origin of Humanity.
Most of what he said was unbelievable, the Evolutionary Development; or that’s the term he used, stated that the human species took millions upon millions of years to get to the creature we are today. He went on and on about genetic mutation; gene development, and so forth, how the cells created the perfect working machine and it took a long time for it to process and learn.
I personally didn’t really see much logic in it, but Amy, upon me mentioning the Evolutionary Development Theory; she was awfully fascinated by it.
I entered the Jefferson Building and walked down the same vacant hallway until a door magically sprouted open again; the same routine I’ve been accustomed to for a while now. It wasn’t something I found surprising anymore; it was just a door to hell… Mr. Cove.
“Good Afternoon Sam,” Mr. Cove said monotonously, his steady eyes pulling away from a book on the table and connecting to mine.
I faked my smile. With a forced sympathy I acknowledged my failure to have gone to class yesterday and gave him my genuinely believable gesture of remorse.
“Hello Mr. Cove,” I said curtly as I took my seat and tried to avoid his arid stare.
“Glad you actually joined us today. Ms. William wasn’t entirely happy when I told her you chose to miss class yesterday.”
His yammer was completely oblivious to me, I just stopped listening to him, but he continued on and on about the same thing; I was expecting him to take a breather anytime soon, but after he vented about my failure to accept responsibility as a soon to be adult (yeah those words I caught) he stood up and pointed at the large monitor board.
“Now Sam, since you missed yesterday, today we will progress with the Human Genetic Encoding that’s written in our DNA strands,” he put his little round spectacles on, walked to his preacher-like podium next to his desk, and opened a thick book, “DNA is composed of Molecular and Cellular strands of bundle cells; each different part has a Gene, or a trait, passed down from generation to generation. For example,” the large monitor had a picture of an eye, “Eye color…”
I dozed off a bit. My thoughts were dwelling on Amy; her beautiful face, her glamorous irresistible blue eyes: she was everything I was thinking about most of the time.
Mr. Cove cleared his throat, the irritable sound killing my daydreaming, “Sam are you with me?” He asked, obviously I wasn’t.
“Yeah, yeah… you were talking about Genes…” and then it struck me, GENES, recalling that hunch of information Mary told; gene alterations; but what does that have anything to do with this? I pondered.
Taking my mind away from it, I decided to finally ask the most important question to me at this particular moment, “Mr. Cove, what is this little red thing on my nose?” I asked.
His spectacles slid to a stop on the tip of his oily nose as his eyes averted off the textbook, “That’s just a premature zit,” he said, as though I were suppose to already know that, “It’s caused by residue that accumulates on the skin, basically dirt clogging your pores, so the skin irritates and you get a blemish,” he explained.
I raised an eyebrow, “Ugh… ok,” I said still a bit confused. He did answer the question of course, but most of what he said went over my head; clogging pores, residue?

I left Mr. Cove’s class rather hasty; I rushed down the hallway, walked outside, and then came to a stop as soon as I caught sight of Ms. William making her way towards me.
I smiled warmly at her, “Hey Ms. William,” I said.
She gave me a crooked smile; she cleared her throat, “Sam, sweetheart, Jane has told me you’ve been causing a bit of trouble, you’re more mature than that dear ok, just please be more responsible…”
There was that word again: responsible, how many more times am I suppose to hear it, I think they’ve mentioned it enough for it to be engraved in my skull.
“And don’t forget to take your medicine before you head over to see Amy, okay?” Ms. William said, finally finishing her long, probably rehearsed, speech; to try to bring out that mother figure that she’s been so keen to forget lately.
I nodded.
“Good, I am glad you understand,” she smiled at me and passed her hand down my face, “I am going to go speak to Mr. Cove real quick and then I am going to head to the office again; I’m so sorry I’ve been spending so little time with you dear, it’s just been rather hectic lately and I’ve had to work long hours,” she explained solemnly, but her sweet voice was so compassionate that I couldn’t help but forgive her then and there.
“Ok Ms. William,” I said to finally keep her at peace, “I’ll go take my medicine and head to Ms. Johnson’s house, is that ok?” 
“Of course sweetie.”
She gave me and hug and then left. I shrugged exasperated. I took a deep breath and just helplessly stared up into the disgusting sky. The clouds became a darker shade of gray, almost looking velvet; lightning beamed across, veining and branching. 
I made my way back to the house, took my medicine and then immediately exited and made my way towards Amy’s house.

As I approached Amy’s residential neighborhood I noticed Amy and Ms. Johnson already outside; Amy however was gliding like a ghost! It looked as though she were riding on a moving stool. It had two circular things spinning perpetually, a handle in which she held on to, and pedals. I hastened my pace to see this curious piece of never before seen, by my eyes, artifact.
My heart sunk in anxiety upon her wondrous renascence, I waved at Amy, with her surprised, cheeks turning scarlet; she hit the railing of the sidewalk and fell off.
Luckily it was on the grass, so she didn’t hurt herself. I rushed to her and so did Ms. Johnson
“Oh my, sweetheart are you ok?” She said as she took Amy’s hand and pulled her up.
She seemed ok, but perhaps what appeared to be killing her was her embarrassment. Her eyes glistened, almost overflowing with tears.
“It’s ok!” Ms. Johnson persisted heartwarmingly with a smile.
I walked up and grinned, “Hi Amy!” I said to try to avert her away from her little accident, “Hope you’re ok!” I tried to sound as cool as possible, but inside, I was bursting with laughter.
She grinned at me, her beautiful and flawless blue eyes staring at mine; I felt attuned, as though I were drifting into another realm.
“What is that thing?” I said.
“This is a bicycle, Sam!” Amy responded enthused, “It’s a mobile machine thingy that you use to travel with; makes going places so much faster!” She explained.
Ms. Johnson pulled out a handkerchief and wiped some blood off a small scrape she got on her elbow; she winced, her eyes narrowing and face looking as though she were in pain.
I examined this “bicycle” thing; it was a glamorous shade of pearly candy-coated red, its handles had a black rubbery looking grip, and the seat was cushioned with a fancy leather seat. 
With courteousness I freely picked up the bicycle; it was clearly made of what Mr. Cove explained as metal. It was very cold, almost ice cold, and smooth; I beamed.
Amy noticed my delightfulness, “What is it Sam,” she said giggling, “You’ve never seen a bicycle before?”
I perched my lips and gave her a serious look, I cleared my throat trying to add authority to my next batch of chatter, “I am not a third year, yet!” 
That was my come back.
She seemed amused by it; she gave me a tight hug, her chin resting on my shoulder. My heart jumped a couple of beats. Her warm supple breath was cool and smelled pristine, like mint; her warmth captivated me.
Ms. Johnson patted my back, “You hungry Sam?” She asked.
Due to Amy’s enthralling aurora I completely forgot about my hunger, I clearly nodded my head at Ms. Johnson whom stared at us with a smile on her face. Amy’s squeeze was tighter than normal; I don’t know but I felt her breath whispering something into my ear.
“I’m scared, Sam…” her supple words cut into me like a razor blade, my eyes opened wide with disbelief and sentimental drought. My heart thumped faster, my face turned scarlet; I didn’t know what to say to this.
I softly push her away, her clear blue eyes glittering; I gave her a questioning stare; her eyes darted at Ms. Johnson, I assume she was implying not around her.
“Come you two, let’s get inside before we get sick from this mucky weather,” Ms. Johnson said, looking as though she were completely oblivious to our exchange of stares.

Ms. Johnson’s house always smelled so wonderful, it was this natural scent that I couldn’t resist; Amy had its fragrance too, which drove me to her even more. I can’t really describe this smell, but it attracted me like bear to honey.
I went to the kitchen and sat on my usual seat. Amy sat right beside me, her face still a bit morose; her eyes color seemed to be deepening in color, and her pupils larger than normal. She was slightly hunched, elbows resting on the table, her lavish blonde hair dangling down by her side.
I turned to her while Ms. Johnson started preparing supper, “What’s wrong?” I whispered.
She turned to me, her pink lips slightly chapped, “I’ll tell you later, Sam.” She said a bit seriously, her soft tone was replaced by this awkward attitude that carved a hole in my heart.
I sat back on my seat and crossed my arms; my face serious. Occasionally I took a peak or two at Amy, her eyes connecting to mine, but then moving away quickly. 
“Stop staring at me.” She hissed.
My eyebrows rose in question, again, another slam in the face that just drowned me into this cycle of remorse.

That supper went slowly; there was this disturbing silence between each of us. Finally Ms. Johnson broke the silence.
“So Sam,” she said as she slurped up some angel hair pasta, “How’s second year treating you?”
I scowled, “Uh… well,” I said, I stared briefly at Amy, whose attention seemed to be more glued to the pasta than my next batch of words, “It’s a bit annoying so far, Mr. Cove I guess hates me because I skipped class yesterday…”
“You skipped a lesson?” Amy added bewildered.
“Yeah,” I said, my depression slightly slipping away at the tone of Amy’s voice, “Ms. William and Mr. Cove keep on talking about responsibility this and that…”
“Well that is important Sam; it’s a very useful feat to have,” Ms. Johnson said, “Amy here hasn’t missed one day of class since her start of classes!” 
Ms. Johnson loved to boast about Amy, if she wasn’t talking about food, she’d be giving me a story about when Amy was in her first year: blah, blah, blah, it wasn’t that I didn’t care, it was just her tone annoyed me.
“Mom, please don’t go on about me again,” Amy muttered, her face a bit more lush.
Ms. Johnson giggled, “Well sweetheart, you’re all I have!”
I grinned.
“Yeah I know mom, but still…”
“Still nothing young lady, you’re my special little angel…”
“Quit it!” Amy bellowed irritated.
My grin brushed away and I felt a bit embarrassed and awkward; I gulped air and straightened my back against the seat. I gave Amy a quick glance. She stared back, her lips pursed.
“Now, now,” Ms. Johnson said coolly, “Don’t raise your voice like that; it’s not polite and it’s disrespectful especially with Sam here, what do you want him to think?”
Amy sighed; she licked her lips, set the fork down on the plate, and left the kitchen, thumping towards her room.
“I’m sorry Sam, she’s been having this girly attitude lately, don’t worry though… it’s a normal thing all girls go through…” Ms. Johnson tried to explain.
“That’s ok…”
"Sam, come in here,” I heard Amy yell from her room.
“Best to not keep her waiting,” Ms. Johnson said.
I grinned, “I hope she doesn’t strangle me!” I added.

I walked inside Amy’s overly pink room; pink everywhere, the walls, the cover on her bed. It seemed that even the monitor on the wall had little pink glittery dots that were stickered on its frame.
She was sitting on her chair next to the desk, writing something with her pink pen that had this furry pink puff on the end. 
“Shut the door.” She commanded.
I shut the door and went to her bed and sat down, I stared at her; her back turned to me. She cleared her throat, and since her chair had this unique swivel on it, she twisted around until she faced me.
“I’m sorry Sam,” she said, “I’m just not feeling well today… and mom has been hassling me over taking some stupid exam to be able to change my future plans set for me.".
She stood up and sat next to me; she placed her head on my shoulder and remained silent. I felt awkward, but I enjoyed feeling her warmth, her supple breath breathing against my chin; her blue eyes staring at mine. She gave me a grin, and then moved closer to my mouth and pressed her warm, slightly dried lips, against my own.
I grimaced, this uneasiness and guilt-like feeling came over me; before I could shy away from her movement she pushed me down onto the bed and we continued kissing.
She stopped, “Sam,” her soft voice said, she was resting on my chest; my heart was beating hard, “Do you know what love is?” She asked me quietly.
Love? I didn’t know what this word meant, I’ve never come across it before, nor has anyone ever mentioned it to me. I pondered in my thoughts, digging through lessons, and trying to attain a slight logic onto its mystery.
“No,” I said after finally giving up, “What is it?”
I felt her giggle, her hand pressed lightly against my chest, “I hear mom telling me that all the time, but I’ve never asked her what it meant before… but I think it’s a feeling.” Amy explained.
I heard a hunch of uncertainty.
“Mr. Cove explained feelings to me,” I added, “But I never heard of that word… I mean, he explained angry, sad… happy, and all sorts of other ones, but love?” I said.
Amy hopped off the bed; she gave me a quick kiss, and then left the room. I went to her desk and saw the paper she was writing on; the handwriting was neat, almost perfect. I took the piece of paper and started reading:
I’ve been so confused lately, Journal, I don’t know what to do or think. Mom wants me to take this exam and wants me to go far away, and I don’t want to, I don’t want to leave home so soon, I don’t want to leave Sam behind… Journal, I have been so frustrated lately, my emotions so bland, I can’t stand the thought of not having Sam with me if I leave, but something inside me tells me that we are not meant to be, we’re not set to be the Prince and the Princess as all my wonderful fairy tales do; there won’t be a happy ending. I am choking in the fact that mom just wants me to (smothered writing) and I can’t control myself any longer, I don’t know what love is, but… but I think I feel it for Sam, I think I ‘Love’ him, like mom always tells me she loves me, but I don’t know Journal, I don’t know, I feel too pressured, I am afraid, afraid of what my future holds for me… Journal this is my last year before being sent off, what I should do, what should I…
Amy walked in, startled I set the paper down and gave her a quick glance; her face frown, a bit shocked, and her eyes alertly staring at me. Before I knew it Amy was in my arms weeping. My hands were by my side, but before long I embraced her with a tight hug.
“I think I love you Sam,” she said sobbing, “I-I love you,” her voice cracked.
I had trouble thinking, my heartbeat was pounding against my chest, and my throat was dry; without long I said the same thing, not knowing what it meant though, I said, “I love you too.”

---
Chapter
10
Discoveries
---

Amy rested soundly on the bed...
I was on her chair staring at her. I straightened my posture. 
The monitor on the wall flickered, a very light hum-like mechanical whir revved gently, it quivered the entire wall the monitor was mounted on. I stood up and pressed my ear against the wall; scratchy sounds were occurring on the other side.
I pulled away from the wall and turned to Amy; she was up, staring at me with a baffled expression.
“What is that?” She asked.
I shook my head, “I-I don’t know.”
Ms. Johnson appeared in the doorway, “Hey, come, come, quickly, we have to get to the EMQ Room… and don’t worry it’s just a practice run.” Ms. Johnson explained.
We followed her down the hallway and turned into the bathroom. Magically a door to the right of the bathroom slid open, we all entered it in a hasty pace. 
The EMQ room was an empty box-like room; there was a comfy corner-sofa on the right corner, a large king-sized bed on the far left wall, and a small room next to the corner-sofa with the restroom.
Amy was immediately holding on to my hand, I grinned delighted, she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek while Ms. Johnson’s back was turned.
My face burned.
“So what was with that attitude at the table?” I whispered.
“I was being a girl!” She answered back sarcastically with a grin.
I felt confused, “In what way?” I retorted. 
“Being complicated,” she smirked at me innocently, her mesmerizing blue eyes stayed tuned to mine.
I didn’t really see any logic in complications, I didn’t find a notion to do so, “Ok, I guess,” that’s all I felt incline to say, there wasn’t much to answer back to that one, I grimaced.
Ms. Johnson went and took a seat on the corner-couch.
“Now all we do is wait until we’re released.” Ms. Johnson said.
Amy let go of my arm and hopped onto the bed; I made my way to the couch and sat down next to Ms. Johnson; she gave me a polite grin.
“Do you really think it’s a test Ms. Johnson?” I felt free to ask.
She yawned, “Well, I’d assume so, I mean, these new EMQ rooms are pretty darn recent, and most of the time they usually test something to make sure it works right.”
“And who are they?” Amy butted in.
“The Council…”
The Council… I haven’t really heard much of them since I’ve been here. Mr. Cove mentioned it briefly, but the governments we talked about in class were from ancient old civilizations that have already come to pass. I’ve been prone to this society for a little over a year, and finally, though it never struck me, I’ve been a bit curious to how our government worked, exactly. 
“They oversee everything; make sure everything’s going according to the Constitution.” Ms. Johnson explained hastily, “But children, sadly I am not in my power to explain much about our government.”
I felt disappointed.
Amy rolled her eyes, “Why?” She asked.
Ms. Johnson gave her a serious stare, “Young lady, you’ve been acting way too rebellious these past few days, I’d suggest keeping quiet from here on out until this is over, or I’ll ground you, and Sam won’t be allowed to come by, and I’ll remove the privilege to ride your bicycle.” Ms. Johnson’s tone was really straightforward.
Amy rolled over on the bed and laid quiet.
“But Ms. Johnson,” I turned to her, her eyes connected with mine, she grinned at me enthusiastically, “Mr. Cove, when he was giving his lectures about governments, he mentioned like three types… Republic, Monarchy, and Dictatorship… um, I know you’re not supposed to tell us, but at least tell me which one of those three is ours?” I tried to be as sincere as possible; I had this irk nibbling on my curiosity.
“Sweetheart if I could I would, trust me on this… but right now, um… let’s just drop the subject, you’ll know later in time ‘kay?” She explained.
“Ok.” I said. 
I knew Ms. Johnson, she was always nippy with her responses and was always itching for a conversation; and if she didn’t feel inclined to say anything then there’s a reason for it, so I respected her wish. 
I yawned, feeling this sudden unrelenting weariness grasp a hold of me; I leaned more comfortably against the couch, rested my head against the cushion and lost myself inside this bottomless jet-black abyss. 

It was probably a little over thirty minutes before the monitor buzzed on to release us from our four-wall cage. Amy, still really quiet, moved ahead of Ms. Johnson and I. I followed Amy to her room and Ms. Johnson went into the kitchen.
As soon as I shut the door Amy was already holding on to me with a tight hug.
“Don’t leave Sam, please don’t leave me alone,” she whined, “I’m so fed up with being alone… it hurts.”
I didn’t know what to say, her warmth was more than enough to make me stay. My hands went down to her waist. I felt her heartbeat thumping, her heat enveloping me with intoxication. 
Before she could give me a kiss we heard the doorknob twisting. Amy pushed me off of her and leaped into the bed; I stood there, my back against the wall staring at Ms. Johnson walk in. She had a big silver platter with 2 glasses of milk and sugar cookies.
“Just thought you two might need something sweet!” She said heartily.
Amy grinned, “Thanks mom!” 
I nodded.
Ms. Johnson placed the platter on top of Amy’s desk.
“By the way Sam, Elizabeth told me that you’re not to head to the house but to head to the Market Square; she said she has to buy you new attire and food.”
“Awesome.” I said.
“Well I’ll leave both of you alone, I’ll be in the kitchen if you need anything, also Amy dear you left the book on the counter… I’ll be right back with it.” Ms. Johnson left the room and immediately, less than a minute, came back in holding the thick book Amy was reading to me.
Amy smiled, “Ok mom, thanks again,” her voice broke; she cleared her throat and blushed in embarrassment. 
Ms. Johnson left the room and shut the door behind her.
I broke into a laugh.
She shrugged, “Shut up!” She said as she grabbed her pillow and tossed it at my head.
I had the chance to move out of the way, but for humor’s sake: I just let it hit me; her giggle was more than enough to make me smile. I picked up the pillow, gently sat on the bed next to her, and sat the pillow flat on my lap. She was lying on her back, arms resting beneath her head. Her flawless sapphire eyes just continued staring at me, I grinned and got off the bed.
“W-where you going?”
“I have to go…”
“But I haven’t read to you!” Amy yelped, instantaneously rising from the bed.
I sighed, “I know Amy, but I have to go see Ms. William…”
“Why?” She interrupted again, this time a bit more gripped, her eyes crunched up and somber.
“I’ll drop by tomorrow Amy, Ms. William is going to buy me new clothes, and I really, really want to go pick out my own stuff this time… she doesn’t have the best taste for clothes,” I grinned, elaborating by spreading my arms and exposing the wondrous plaid designed long-sleeve, collared shirt I had on, “Eye catching isn’t it?” I said sarcastically.
“Brings out your eyes.” Amy said.
I rolled my eyes and shook my head, “Yeah, right…”
Amy sighed and then grimaced unsatisfied, “Okay, if you must, then I’ll see you tomorrow! Oh and you better be here tomorrow too, or I’ll go to your house and drag you out myself!” 
I chuckled beneath by breath; I gave her one last grin and then left. 

After saying my farewell to Ms. Johnson, and of course hearing her heartwarming invite back to her house, I left and made my way towards the Market District. 
My thoughts dwelled on Amy again; it seemed every time I blinked, her face was right there appearing in the black behind my eyelids.
I dug my hands in my pockets and walked down the sidewalk hunched over. I felt depressed. A humanly emotion that has been clouding my judgment lately. Usually it always occurs when I leave Amy’s.
Love; that word, when Amy said that to me, my heart sank, literally; I pondered and pondered, a really bad side effect from that medicine I take, or I assumed. I took a deep breath and just hopelessly stared into the vast tainted sky. Its clouds roved quicker than I’ve normally noticed.
The perfectly cut grass remained stiff and unnaturally green, the solemn trees that cluttered the area, leafless and bearing no leaves now, were also stiff; even with the massive gusts of wind just enveloping the environment with this never ending gale.
“How have your class been going?” A soothing and mysterious voice said.
Spooked I turned around to see it was that stranger that I met before, the one who warned about going pass that certain spot near my house; Oliver. I grinned and welcomed his company.
“They’re going great!” I said enthused.
Though the thick hood covering his head shadowed Oliver’s face, I saw his sheen white teeth shape into a delighted smile.
“Astounding…”
“What does that mean?” I quickly questioned.
“It’s just another word meaning, like “fantastic,” I am sure you’ve heard that word before?” Oliver clarified.
I nodded.
“Good, come walk with me, you’re heading to the Market District correct?”
“Yeah,” I answered, but how did he know that?
“Just a quick guess,” he said, “This is the sidewalk that leads there…”
“Quite an assumption!” I said, trying to sound smart.
Oliver laughed.
He walked ahead of me, his pace quicker than mine. He was a lofty man, compared to my short and small size. He was completely covered in this big white cloak, with a streak of gold fabric stripping down the center and a cottony light blue belt securely wrapped around his waist. His hands were always tucked in his sleeves, and his head slightly arched forward as though in reverence.
I didn’t want to be rude, given that there was this awkward silence between us, so I just rambled about the most obvious and melodramatic thing occurring: the weather, “So do you know anything about this bizarre weather?” I said.
Oliver took a peak, “Well to be quite honest with you, I haven’t got a clue,” he chuckled lightly, “It has been a bit morose though.” His tone was a tad monotonous, “But nature has a mind of its own; best to enjoy its art while it lasts.” He said.
I scratched my head and nodded to his comment, “So Oliver, am I correct?” 
“You’ve got good memory, Sam, excellent,” he sounded really delighted, “Yup, Oliver is my name.”
“Um… how did you like…”
“Disappear?” He said, taking the word right out of my mouth.
“Yeah!” I exclaimed.
“Well,” he turned and faced me, his almost glowing blue eyes embracing me with his emasculate gaze, “It was just an illusion…”
“No it couldn’t have been.” 
It’s impossible, how could anybody do such a thing?
“I didn’t do anything,” he persisted calmly.
I chose to drop the subject, it was clear he was going to be a sealed casket; hell if I could all of a sudden vanish like that I’d keep my lips shut too: still my curiosity.
“Look,” he said with a warming smile, “There is an abnormality occurring in the outside world that’s causing our weather to fluctuate like this… we don’t know when it will end, but soon it will get back to norm…”
“Huh!? Who are you?” I demanded.
He placed his hand on my shoulder, “You’ll discover that later, but for now of course, just see me as a friend… if you need me for anything just call out my name, and if I am available, I’ll try to get to you as quickly as possible.”
“What did you mean by ‘the outside world’?
Oliver pressed his finger against his right ear.
“I have to go Sam. But next time we meet I’ll tell you more about it. Promise.”
He presented his pinky finger to me, “Pinky-swear.” Oliver added.
“What?”
Oliver laughed, “Forgot this is new to you, you take your pinky-finger and wrap it around mine, and then we shake. It’s an old way to guarantee that my promise will not go undone.”

***
Jake Hartman
---
Chapter
11
Derail
---
I stare down from the roof and see Ms. William…
 My son’s caretaker, enjoying a sandwich while she reads her formal Encodex News-Line orders, given by the Council. The Encodex Orders are pretty much a journal giving her formal ways to grow a Caretaker’s relationship with their Adoptole. 
I grimace and then wince at the fact. Knowing that the entire Caretaker program is one big hoax to just lure children’s trust and use up their attachment in vain. And then knowing that I am the one that enforced detachable attachment. I cringe and flare my nostrils.
It hurt just thinking about that… Detachable attachment what in all my time and effort could have encouraged me to create something so disheartening. 
I stare across the pavement and see Sam walking alongside Thomas. Out of the blue Thomas breaks into a run away from him. I grin at seeing Sam’s surprised reaction… that Thomas, always with his grand exits, typical of him.
I turn and hurry over the roof towards the trap door. I open the hatch and take the ladder down and hasten through the hallway until I reach the door. It is a bad choice to open this… this is where I lost trace of those hideous fiends. They followed me here. I glare back and stare down the empty hallway.
A bang from the door has my gun pointed straight ahead.
Click, click, and click… I hear the doorknob jangle as I tighten the grip of the gun and keep my sight steady.
I take a step back.
The doorknob quivers violently. A Second later each door hinge explodes with white fumes billowing through the door’s crease until the door collapses with a loud bang.
A red laser-beam streaks through the dispersing white smoke. Footsteps come towards me. I slide back, press my back against the wall, and crouch.
The glint from the laser streaks across my face and blinds me momentarily. I remain still.
Appearing from the descending smoke, the black cloak Myrmidon, APR 100 Automatic Rifle pointed ahead of him, took steps towards me. Behind him, a Guardian on all four legs, whining softly as it takes whiffs.
The red eyes glows like fire. Its lips perked showing its ground sharp teeth as it spews a disgusting green mucous. The long pelt of hair on its long, muscular arms erect as it brings out a shriek. 
“Steady boy.” The Myrmidon mutters.
The Guardian rams his paw against the ground.
The Myrmidon’s glowing blue eyes connect to mine.
“Attack!” He tells the Guardian. 
This is no moment to hesitate and speak.
I aim my handgun, take sight, and pull the trigger twice.
As the Myrmidon collapses, the Guardian raises on hind-legs shoves the body to the side and lunges at me with its sharp, claws erecting from its paws.
I take a couple of steps back while firing. It doesn’t stall him. I drop the pistol, duck a wide swing, and roll behind him. I fall face flat on the ground and crawl towards the rife. I leap, take a hold of the rife, swing around and squeeze the trigger without letting go.
Vapors of heat spiral out of the barrel of the gun. My heart thumps ferociously against my chest. I rise and stare at the two bodies. Their black blood pools over the tile. I can’t bare the sight. I drop the gun and leave immediately.
***
---
Chapter
12
Content
---
That little encounter with Oliver…
Didn’t leave me dwindling with curiosity as he did before. The only thing that crawled in my head was Amy.
Not too far off in the distance I catch sight of Ms. William sitting peacefully on a bench eating a sandwich. I couldn’t help but express my crooked smile as her hair danced with the gusts of wind. 
She was dressed very elegant; she had this stunning spaghetti-strap one-piece dress on. It was in shades of cerulean with the wavy collar a beautiful ruby color; the base of the dress, which stretched slightly below her knees, had a delicate combination of both red and blue.
Her sapphire eyes caught sight of me. She smiled her lovely smile, her lips coated with a light red shade of lip-gloss. Her cheeks were plush, a delicate non-overpowering pink; she looked mindboggling; like a work of art: beyond striking. 
As I approached her she stood up respectfully. I was the one who needed to be in awe, I felt prone to kneel before this goddess.
“Hey darling, how was Amber doing?” She asked while she tied her hair in a ponytail.
“She’s doing great!” I answered, “So what’s the occasion?”
She gave me an affectionate smile, “Guess what today is Sam?”
Last time I heard that question was back when I was locked inside my little cubical, but could it be occurring already, has it really been an entire year since I set foot here?
“My birthday?”
She nodded, “Yup, it’s your birthday big boy! Happy Birthday Sam!” 
Her delightful expression was so compassionate and warm; I felt, could it have been that word Amy was talking about, love? My stomach felt awkward, nauseous, like butterflies were poking around in there. I couldn’t do anything but beam happily.
Ms. William giggled and gave me a hug, “Oh sweetie don’t get all mushy on me!”
I sniffled.
She pushed me away softly and stared at me, “Leave the weeping for another time silly boy, this is a happy day!”
I did feel happy though, I wasn’t tearing because of grief, “I am happy Ms. William.”
“Good,” she took my hand, “Now, let’s go experience a real Birthday Party!”
“Party!” I said anxiously.
“Yeah sir, and it waits past those two sliding doors right there in the Recreational Facility,” Ms. William pointed at the small almost unapparent, chapel-like structure to the right of the Market District.

Ms. William’s grip felt firm, her hand warm, and her scent as enchanting and sweet as honey. 
She steered me gently passed the eye-catching meadow; it was lush, and beautiful, gardens and gardens full of red, yellow, and even some lavender flowers, perfectly cut bushes, perfectly cut grass, it was like some canvas brought to life. The only thing that was missing was the glamorous orange sun, that’s been hiding behind the coating of clouds.
As we walked down the wooden sidewalk, decorated with floating blue balloons attached to glittery white strings, flashing itty-bitty lights lead to the large glass doors. I was excited; I’ve never experienced a real Birthday Party before.
As soon as the doors slid open Ms. William let go of my hand, faced me, and pressed her lips against my forehead, “Happy Birthday,” she whispered.
I had trouble swallowing, I gulped some air to try and maintain my hyperventilation: my heartbeat hammered against my chest as though soon to leap out of my mouth. 
Perhaps I was overreacting, but I didn’t know what humanly sensation was apprehending me; perhaps fear, anxiousness? I didn’t know. I took a deep breath and past the double doors. 
Amy stood ahead of me posture upright dressed like an angel. She waved at me; next to her, Ms. Johnson; also dressed beautifully, and then next to her, Mr. Cove.
I felt underdressed.
Ms. William’s hand wrapped around my waist, “I hope you enjoy your special day Sam.”
“B-but how did they…”
“They’ve known,” she answered before I even finished my query, “I sent Birthday Invitation emails and text messages to most of the people I know,” Ms. William answered quickly, “You’re my special little boy; I can’t just overlook a special occasion like this one.”
My eyes watered.
The room was wide and open and slightly dim with dangling silvery disco-balls reflecting beams of light from the high ceiling, a gigantic archway outlined in blue balloons stood ahead of us as Ms. William and I walked forward towards the crowd of people. 
A catchy beat was playing in the background; loud booms, and high-pitched voices, almost made me want to break out and dance. Tables with blue tablecloth, a wonderful flaunt of different colored roses set on the center of each, were evenly spaced to shape circle around a big, what looked like, a dance floor.
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” Everyone yelled.
As soon as the echoing compulsion of voices trailed away the music started roaring. I was boggled, surprised in every way possible; I tried my best to hold back my tears, but a stray one rolled down my cheek.
Amy looked breathtaking, her lavender dress, cheeks light pink, lips natural and shiny, very luxuriant and simple; she ran up to me and gave me a hug, “Happy Birthday Sam!” She said, her captivating blue eyes connecting to mine.
“Thanks!” I replied.
Ms. Johnson shuffled my hair, “Happy Birthday big boy!”
More and more random faces I’ve never seen before came up to me, shook my hand, and wished me a good fortune. I’ve never seen so many people in one room before; it was so alive, so infused with this orchestra of smothering faces, different personalities: perfection: humanity.
Amy took my hand and dragged me to the dance floor; people were already cluttered there moving to the frantic beat of the booming melody.
“Ever danced before Sam?” Amy asked.
I shook my head.
“Well it’s really, really fun!”
I chuckled, “I’m sure it is,” I turned to the mass ocean of asphyxiating faces and watched them move their bodies to the beat.
“Don’t feel intimidated, it’s actually just as easy as walking…”
“Right, right,” I had to be a lot louder than normal; the sound radiating throughout the room was overwhelming; I wasn’t use to it, “Tell me that when I’m on the floor with a broken leg!”
“Please!” She pled.
I cringed, “Ugh… ok.” I finally gave in.
She took my hands and ran it to her waist and then her hands went around my neck.
“You see.” She said coolly.
“Sure…”
“Come on, I know underneath your liking it…”
I raised a brow, “Um… I’m pretty sure you are too.” I gladly interjected.
“Yup!” She said.
We were both silent, staring into each other’s eyes; my stomach was nauseous again, I felt so drawn to her. The music in the background faded away, the conversing people were blocked off.
It was just her and I in that moment... nobody else, just the two of us riding in the beat of the sound.
“Sam…” she said softly, her minty breath hitting my nostrils, she calmly set her chin on my shoulder.
“Yeah,” I whispered in her ear.
“Remember what I told you… that one day when we were on the swings?”
I grinned, “Of course,” I promised her, “You said I was different…”
“And what was the next thing I said?”
I grimaced, “I made you feel special…”
“I love you.” Amy said.
I chuckled, “Want me to fall down?”
“No,” she said softly.
I took a deep breath; I noticed Ms. William and Ms. Johnson sitting on a table together just eyeing both Amy and I, I felt awkward, I blushed and couldn’t help but close my eyes.
The rest of the Birthday Party was a bit vague to me; I didn’t know if it was just the time I was spending with Amy, but after the music stopped the entire congregation of people sang me Happy Birthday; a simple song, but meaningful and heart-touching: I got a big Birthday Cake, not that little cupcake I was so used to; and many, many birthday gifts were presented to me.

The following morning I woke up with Jane babbling some weird slurs that I couldn’t make up; I scowled, groaned, and moaned, slapped my pillow on top of my head and tried to just ignore. 
My door opened, “Sam get up!” I heard Ms. William say a bit more serious than normal.
I pulled the pillow off my face and stared at the doorway, “Ms. William?”
“Yup,” she said with her arms crossed, “I got the day off to make sure you went to school on time.”
I turned away from Ms. William and stared at my desk; the many present I was given were piled there, boxes and boxes of things; I didn’t even finish opening them last night.
“Come on big boy, Mr. Fourteen year-old!” She said.
I groaned again, “Ms. William…”
“Nope, no whining,” she hit the button on the wall and the bright light turned on, “Jane please release the medicine.”
“Understood Ms. Elizabeth William.” Jane replied.
“I’ll be in the kitchen making breakfast.”
I was so exhausted, my muscles felt like jelly; I could barely flex. I slept soundly too; not a nightmare or dream; just a blank and timeless night. I slowly opened my eyes again and blankly stared at my desk, a thick brown envelope was sitting set on top of my journal; a momentary recollection sprouted in my thoughts about Mary’s brown envelope; I had yet to open it, but I didn’t feel inclined to.
I pushed off all the covers and limped to the desk. On the front it said: From: Mr. Cove
To: Sam
I took the envelope; broke the brown clay seal and examined its content. It was just folded paper; from the looks of it: I pulled it out to see its glossy outside texture; the front had a picture of vast forest. Before I opened it a piece of paper fell out. I set the calendar down and took the piece of paper; a letter:

Dear Sam
Recently the Council finally allowed the use of a Calendar; unfortunately this is their version of it, so as you can see, there isn’t a Year. Since yesterday was September 21, your Birthday, tomorrow or today, whenever you open it, it’ll be September 22.
It’s full of luxurious views of forests, and natural places, meadows, and even deserts, thought you’d enjoy a change of environment. Again Happy Birthday Sam and may you enjoy your many other gifts.
Sincerely
Mr. Cove

“I already took the liberty to put a nail on the wall over your desk honey,” Ms. William said; I turned to look at her and she was leaning on the doorway with a bright smile.
“A nail?”
She pointed, “Yeah look over your desk silly.”
I saw this thing sticking out from the wall, like a fishhook; I examined the calendar again and noticed a small hole on the top center of the piece of paper.
“I’m supposed to hang this?”
Ms. William laughed, “Yup, here… here,” she took the calendar, flipped it to the page where it had SEPTEMBER written on the top, and hung on the hook, “Makes it look nice, you see… like a painting.” 
I passed my finger down the waxy surface of the paper until it I hit September 22: September 22, Friday
“So today is Friday?” I asked.
“It seems so, according to this calendar.” Ms. William clarified, “Now, come quick before your breakfast gets cold; cooked sausage, eggs, and diced cheddar cheese!”

I opened the door and walked outside, to my surprise, the sun was out. Not a mushy stain of cloud; just a beautiful and perfect light blue dawn with the orange sun blazing down its magnificent glory..
So the Council finally set a rule to be able to house calendars, well not just any calendar: their version of a calendar. One of Mr. Cove’s earlier lessons were of calendars and how they told the exact date and year, how weekly days adjusted in conjunction with the year; but the Council took that away: perhaps simplified it?
Hopefully Mr. Cove would have a better insight in this, maybe he’ll finally tell me what kind of Government we have: but thus far, I’m pretty sure it’s probably a Dictatorship.
Yesterday was a wonderful day, I jotted it down on my Journal that evening before going to bed; I had to track it: how else would I be able to recall such a festive event; all brought to life just for me.
Ms. William actually taking the following day off too; I know her better than that, she took it off just to make me breakfast. No way will this recollection fall victim to the fading void inside my head.

Mr. Cove didn’t tell me what Government our society was, he didn’t even mention the calendar, or the evening whatsoever, and he was also very dull and glum today too; it dragged slowly as usual, but it did end. 
I left the Jefferson Building and made my way towards Amy’s house, couldn’t wait to talk to her about this Outside World and the calendar I received from Mr. Cove. I was overjoyed.
From the distance I caught sight of Ms. William, Ms. Johnson, and Amy, all outside conversing. I was a bit shocked, wasn’t expecting to see Ms. William over at Ms. Johnson’s, but she did have this unnatural off day today. As I got closer I was able to hear them clearly.
Amy sighed, “That’s so not fair, so they do this on my last year?”
“Well you’ll enjoy it in the following progression of your studies sweetheart,” Ms. Johnson assured her.
“And it does mean a bit more free time too, so you’ll be able to come home more often than we did when we were in our LCP Program.” Ms. William said.
As soon as Amy’s stare caught sight of me, her face brightening with a big smile, Ms. Johnson and Ms. William both turned at her direction; I was embraced with all their smiles. I felt happy.
“Hi Sam!” Amy said, followed by Ms. William and Ms. Johnson.
“So what were you all talking about?”
“Oh it’s splendid news,” Ms. Johnson said cheerfully.
“But I’ll discuss it with Sam personally when we return to our quarters Amber,” Ms. William interrupted, her tone serious, “I recently received his LCP Plan.” She explained.
Amy’s expression turned serious; perhaps she didn’t see that as good news.
“How exciting Sam!” Ms. Johnson said with a bit more joy than I would have added in any given sense. 
Or at least I wasn’t as eager to find out this LCP program; especially after seeing Amy’s reaction to it.
“Great!” I said trying to add a bit of excitement to my monotonous tone.
“Hey Sam lets go inside.” Amy said.
“Ok,” I said.

I entered Amy’s room and sat on her bed, she closed the door behind her and sat next to me; she was quiet and her face expressionless. She turned to me with a frown on her beautiful face.
“Sam,” her voice was weak, “I am afraid I’ll never see you again after this year ends… they’re sending me off to a different location.”
“They as in whom?” I asked.
“I don’t know Sam, but I believe it’s the Council… I think they’re the ones that control the LCP’s.”
“I doubt with all the other stuff the Council has to do they’ll worry about what every kid in this place will do for the rest of their life.”
Amy shook her head in neglect; I shut up, “Wrong Sam, I believe they’re responsible for our lives, I mean, ugh,” she grimaced, “I don’t know what to think Sam… I just feel pressure… Sam I-I’m scared!” She exclaimed, her dry lips trembling in despair.
I didn’t know what to say, “I mean it’ll all be fine Amy, honestly, what could be the worst thing?”
“My LCP,” she answered.
“What is your LCP?” I then asked, because she never did mention it.
“I-I can’t tell you Sam,” she bit her lip and stared blankly at the floor, her eyes not even blinking; she sniffled.
I couldn’t do anything, I wish I could, I wish I had the all powerful hand and just make her happy; I wish I could just swing a wand (in one of the stories Amy read me there were Magicians that flicked a wand and made supernatural things occur; fascinating!) and make her fear go away; or perhaps make her LCP disappear if that’d make her content. 
But I was powerless; I was this itty-bitty speck, compared to some gargantuan invisible power making our society go-round.

***
Jake Hartman
---
Chapter
13
Elapse
---
“So I’ve heard the news.”
Thomas mutters.
“I’m sorry”
“I’m sorry doesn’t fix a damn thing.” Thomas straightens and crosses his arms. “You’ve got yourself in quite a predicament.”
I sigh and rub my face. “T-There wasn’t any other option Thomas… it would have been the other way around if I would’ve hesitated. Kill or be killed. Please understand that.”
“The loss of my brother isn’t something I care much about. The consequence will call for drastic actions.”
I take a step forward. “What sort of action? What can be worse than being hunted down by goddamn guardian wolves huh?!”
“The President has assigned a new Seeker Warden and has ordered random Guardians scouts to scavenge all areas outside the Preteritus Zone. That means your safety can be compromised.”
I can’t seem to give a reply. Allowing Guardians to run rampant without a Myrmidon can mean serious problems.
“How many Guardians?”
Thomas shrugs. “There’s no telling. The Head Myrmidon hasn’t said a word since the President gave that announcement. I’m not sure if he’s complied to the President’s wishes or is contemplating at the cost.”
“The cost being?”
Thomas narrows his eyes as his brows slump. “The safety of everyone. If this goes on the security systems will surely tighten up beyond measures”
“And.” I say with a gulp, “The safety of my children. Has there ever been a case where the Guardians can… you know?”
“Act without cause or reason?”
I nod.
“The Guardians only act through hunches. They’re genetically encoded that way by our Engineers… or so I think.”
His cluelessness gnaws my confidence to a thin string. I can’t trust his knowledge if he isn’t absolutely certain. That means I’ll have to remain vigilant at all times not only for my own safety, but my children’s.
“Keep sight of Sam and Rebecca.” I plea.
“Always.”
This tiresome life is getting to me. Already another year of running… and my goal is as far away as ever. I can’t see light in any direction I face. Should I give up? Or can there still be hope… no-no, I can’t hope, I can’t get entangled in fairytale beliefs. I must remain firm. I must focus on a plan to somehow erase myself. There isn’t any other way. I must act, I can’t just stand and wait for nothing.
The sheer amount of Guardians trailing my scent can be risky; I must do something to indefinitely remove my notoriety.
I cringe and tighten my jaw.
“Jake, you alright?” 
I feel Thomas clutch my shoulder.
“I-I.”
“Look, just relax. Don’t fret.” Thomas says.
I take a breath to relax my beating heart.
“What are you thinking?” He asks.
“This might take more time than I anticipated for. I’ll have to talk to you once I acquire the necessary information I need.”
Thomas and I move pass the patch of barren fields towards the forest edge.
“How did Sam and Rebecca’s birthday go?”
“Sam’s birthday party was a success, however, Rebecca’s I wasn’t present for.” Thomas stops and I face him. His face grave and eyes wide-open.
“Everything alright?”
“Just a random message telling us that the Guardians have been dispatched outside the Preteritus perimeter. I can’t stick around right now. I’ll contact you after I get more information on their exact locations.” Thomas says uncertain.
I nod. “Ok, I’ll head to the Quebec Front and hide there for now.”
“Before you go, take this I.D.E card and C. Cell.” Thomas reaches into his pocket and hands me a card and a communication cell the size of a fingernail. “This should give you access to the all the archives you need. Dr. Harrison Brown, is quite the subject, check him out and his background while you worked here. The cell to warn you if any security happens to detect you.”
I gasp. “You’re telling me”
“I’m not telling you anything. You take that card and read the information yourself… seriously Jake, it’ll leave you speechless.”
“Then I’m heading to the Mainframe in the Nest. Divert their attention and tell them that you’ve seen footsteps trailing to this area here”
“Are you positive?”
I nod. “Yes, this place isn’t that important to me anymore. I’ll go to Monarch’s Reach.”
Thomas laughed quietly. “Ok, ok, I need to go now.”
***
Sam
---
Chapter
14
Apathy
---

“Well…” 
I said as calmly as possible, “I am going to go; I’m a bit eager to see what my LCP is.” I said: I was lying of course, but I had to give an excuse to leave, I couldn’t bear seeing Amy act like this.
I stood up. She remained silent, like a statue; just her supple breathing making her look alive.
“Bye Sam.” She said blandly, she didn’t even look up at me.
I locked my jaw, angry, agonized, feeling this smoldering pain embrace my heart, causing an uncanny numbness to swell. I had to force the word out.
“Bye.” I replied.
I left without saying a word to Ms. Johnson or Ms. William. I needed time to think: time to see this through, because I was afraid that I’ll never see Amy again after this year was over. 
In one of the stories she read me, the moral was: Nothing lasts forever; but could this be true in real life, does nothing really last forever? It hurt just thinking about it, my stomach was more nauseous than before, and I couldn’t stand the thought of it. 
What about love, isn’t that supposed to last forever, or does it wilt away like a lavish red rose, as each pedal falls, so does its strength. I wasn’t even too sure what love was, I wasn’t too sure if the feelings I felt for Ms. William and Amy was love. 
I looked back at the flower I gave Amy last year, what kind of act was that? I thought again, what made me incline to give her that flower?
I didn’t know, and it was hard for me to think in detail. Perhaps the medicine was wearing thin and this cloaking numbness brought bitterness, apathy, a suppressing guilt, and aggravation. 
The aggravation was brought from my disappointment, I was so eager to talk to Amy about this Outside World, I didn’t get to talk to her about my calendar. I had two things on my mind: The LCP and Amy. 
I breathed heavily, my hands quivered. I didn’t know what was going on with me. My heart felt tortured by this unusual feeling that I couldn’t seem to grasp a hold of… Amy’s bitter attitude ripped me to shreds.
I stepped off the sidewalk and made my way across this barren field of perfectly cut grass that stretched far beyond my eyes could see. I tucked my hands in my pocket, kept my eyes glued to the ground, and continued on, without direction, not knowing where I was going or what I was looking for.
The breeze felt constant, the air pristine and cool to my lungs, sky bleached with the sun’s orangey aurora. 
A gurgling stream caught my attention. I moved closer to the riverbed and sat on the moist and prickly grass. I curled and wrapped my hands around my legs, rocking myself, thinking; thinking of what it’ll be like next year when Amy’s gone.
I sat there for quite some time, letting the river’s melody sooth my tired mind, feeling the cool floating particles of mist touch my face: it was so calming. 
All of a sudden it hit me, I was here, witnessing a beauty of nature that I’ve only seen in photographs, a river.
I crawled to the edge and stared down into the rushing waters, hearing it whoosh and splash against the brown edges of the riverbed, watching the sun's shine touch the water particles and making it look like mists of golden pollen. It was magnificent, breathtaking; a fabulous work of nature’s refined art.

When I got home Ms. William was sitting on her desk peacefully reading a book.
“Welcome home honey,” she said “How was your day?”
I frowned, “It was ok,” I said absentmindedly, it wasn’t the most exciting day, but just witnessing that river was more than enough to make me happy.
“Don’t sound so enthused!” She replied sarcastically.
I smirked.
“Anyways, your LCP is sitting on the table.”
I had trouble swallowing as I took sight of the big thin white envelope resting soundly on the table.
“Have you opened it?”
“Of course not…”
I went and grabbed the envelope; tore the seal, and pulled a sheet of paper from it.
//L.C.P\\
Life Career Placement
Statement Information Classified
ID: 00954668216
Congratulations: may your future shine brightly as you take your first step to achieve academic greatness. After your third year of Educational Compromise we’ve set a Class: A College Administration.
Dear Sam,
You’ve been invited by the Higher Authority to take up an extraordinary position: Job Code: Classified
Four Year Program Title: Classified 
Information Pertaining Job: Classified
Courses to be taken: Classified
Due to the Higher Authority’s restraints; information concerning the Job’s Requirements, Academic Cycle, and Courses, are to be told in person, we apologize if this brings up any inconvenience.
Thank You
Sincerely
President: Claudius R. Roman
Pre President: Leonardo C. Sinclair

This nostalgia crippled me for a second. I stared at this LCP statement as though I’ve witnessed myself doing this very action. I wasn’t able to entirely focus correctly, I couldn’t even think properly…
“And the verdict is?” Ms. William said eagerly awaiting my reply.
“Um, it doesn’t say anything.” I replied.
Ms. William set her reading glasses on the desk and walked up to me; willingly I handed her the piece of paper before she asked for it. She examined its content, her face making awkward gestures and facial expressions.
“So?” I said after a long period of unfathomable silence.
 She shrugged, “Apparently your future is Classified!”
“And what does that mean?” I asked calmly, trying my best to hold back this radiating aggravation.
“I don’t entirely know,” she giggled: that made me even angrier.
I sighed, “Ms. William I’ll be right back in a bit, I need to take a nap.”

I entered my room, shut the door loudly behind me; fell on the bed and buried my head beneath my pillow.
“Sam,” said Jane’s voice, “It’s time for your medicine.” She informed me, her voice slightly muffled.
I groaned as I pulled the pillow off my head, dropped it on the ground, and turned towards Jane. The hatch on the wall was already open, my pills and glass of water waiting for me. 
I staggered and took the medicine forcefully; wasn’t really in the mood, but if it would help my concentration then why not.
My conscious felt deprived, I felt this gnawing disappointment that my LCP so happens to be classified: could there be some troublesome reason to be so?
The pills hit my system rapidly; it sent me in a brawl of thoughts ranging from Amy’s robust attitude to my unexpected birthday party that no one seems to mention.
Displeased, I again ignored my unopened presents, left the room and went to the kitchen. Ms. William was back on her book again; the kitchen dim, and an unusually pleasant fragrance caught my absentminded attention.
“Quite a nap Sam!” Ms. William said.
I chuckled and shook my head, “Sure.” I answered.
“Want me to fix you a bite to eat?”
“No I am not hungry”
“Took your medicine?” She asked immediately without letting me finish.
I nodded.
“Good, well I will fix you something nevertheless; it’s important to have food in your stomach to allow the medicine its full effect.” She said petulantly.
I sighed, “Wonderful...”
She set the book down and moved to the kitchen; the lights brightened, “What do you want sweetie?”
“I don’t know, anything.”
“Honey roasted chicken nuggets?” She asked.
“I guess… that sounds nice.” I frowned.
 
That night I had a wild dream; it opened with me walking through a set of double doors: not the normal automatic ones, but these were real wooden, with authentic designs engraved all throughout its beautiful redwood surface.
As I moved pass the doors I noticed a series of aligned rows of long wooden pews that went on until it reached the pulpit. The high ceiling was had streaks of sunshine passing through the many stained-glass windows stretching from one end to another.
I made my way down the aisle, benches inhabited by blurred faces, it seemed as though all the faceless blurs were following my every step.
I had trouble gulping air, my face turned scarlet, and I felt trickles of sweat bleeding down my forehead. As calmly as possible I made my way down until I found an empty spot.
There was a short gentleman on the pulpit, pacing left and right, his long tranquil pale hair stretching down his shoulders; bushy stiff beard dangled down to his chest. He dressed as Oliver did; that silky white robe that glazed like the coating of ice and that affirmed serenity embracing his invisible aurora. He captivated me.
Without long he stopped; faced the audience and spoke. 
“A jaded fade of unrighteousness wrought my perception; perseverance a standard I viewed as wise was brought down to the slumps; I’ve seen things, things that were true, but it all changed when I found out what truth was all about. Bent, illusive, a way to entertain: a mask; to make believe, to destroy lives; that’s what truth is all about. 
“And then the lie; the buoyant irresistible reality that shapes the bearer into the anticlimactic: forth the forked tongue to emasculate the host; paint a false painting; retract what was right and entangle with the wrong…”
His soothe voice echoed throughout the chapel effortlessly. I felt attuned to his words; they were slowly taking me in like a majestic orchestra of violin’s playing a paranoiac melody to close the final score.
“To will, to sacrifice: to touch… to sin, to taste; to fall astray,” his sight suddenly caught sight of me, the light cool, almost fake, blue eyes staring down at me, he grimaced, “Intolerance, to abide by law… ever heard of the man who begged for his life, begged for this piece of nature that will rot away like the autumn leaves?” He chuckled, “Time has taken us and shaped us effectively, we’ve grown by chance, and to give thanks to all that’s been given to us…”
The many blurred faces lifted from their feet and began to give a round of applause.
From there I did something I would have never saw myself do, from this thick raincoat I wore; I dug into my right jacket pocket and tightly grasped what felt like the bud of a handgun: I gently clicked the safety off, noiselessly released it from its holster; aimed, and fired.

I woke up with a yelp. This unnatural wistful feeling enveloped my mind with a regretting pain of guilt; I didn’t know what to think. Who could have said that? My concentration was inattentive; I couldn’t think properly. I shut my eyes to embrace the cold black behind my eyelids… the restful, cool… shade, to hide…

I opened my eyes to see the warm golden rays of sunlight cut through the creases of the window blinds; my face felt sticky, I’d broken in sweats and my entire body shivered hysterically. I stared blankly at the ceiling, my teeth gritting viciously as I tried to force myself to quit shaking.
I tried to collect myself; my eyes were shedding tears; I rolled off the bed, laid flat on the soft cottony carpet, and just thought relentlessly about Amy.
“Sam,” Jane said, “It’s time for your medicine.”
Her typical thing she always informs me about, strangely enough; no annoying alarm was going off. 
I groaned, “Jane, why isn’t the alarm going off?” I asked a bit mystified my eyes deliberately examining the clock. 
“Because today is Saturday, Sam; no class today.”
I shrugged, “And since when did class not meet on Saturdays, Jane?” 
“I thought Ms. William informed you Sam. From now on: classes will only be Monday through Friday; giving Saturday and Sunday off.” Jane explained.
I felt shocked.
Ms. William walked into the room; her face bland and eyes half-open. I assume she had a long night, and I wondered doing what. 
“Sam dear,” she yawned, “There’s no class today.” She said, a tad too late, but at least her message finally came through. Without another murmur she left. Apparently there wasn’t any work either.
I was wide-awake, fervent: the weird dream and this unexpected No School news left me dazzled and excited in a way. Still, I was pondering about what a radical change has surprisingly occurred so unexpectedly. I winced.
I took my medicine, hastily went into my closet pulled out a long cobalt sleeved shirt and a pair of pretty worked long jeans. Ran into the bathroom, did my affair of activities, brush my teeth, took a shower, and then hair half-soaked and slightly dripping down my face, went to the kitchen; took down a glass of orange juice, and left.
I made my way down the sidewalk towards the gate until Ms. William came hollering out of the house.
“Sam where are you going?” She bellowed.
I rose an eyebrow a bit startled, “Going to visit Amy”
“What for?” She sporadically added, cutting me off with a hissy voice.
I stared at her; she seemed more serious than normal; as though changed in a way, “Uh just to go see her?” 
That was all I could say, I didn’t have no just answer to quench her random motherly-moment there.
“Well you won’t be able to go see her today sweetie; we’re both heading to go check on this LCP Document…”
“Why?” I harshly replied, “You saw it clearly on the piece of paper it says: Classified.”
She gave me an angry face as she crossed her arms, “Show respect Sam, I’m your caretaker and I am the one who is in control; I’m giving you more than enough freedom to go see Amy and Amber whenever you wish, but today we’re going to go inform the council of this… your LCP situation.” 
I didn’t understand Ms. William burst of tentativeness.
I took a deep breath. 
---
Chapter
15
Temptations
---
I sat in the kitchen infuriated.
I was bored and tired of Ms. William going on and on about how she is my caretaker and is trying to give me freedoms she never had when she was being brought up. 
I for one am obliged; I mean after all I’ve experienced here in such a short period of time and everything she’s done for me: it would be egotistic of me to even carp once. However, what about the barrenness crawling around these parts? 
Everything seems too perfectly engineered; as though nothing is out of alignment; that’s not including the awkward almost eight month overcast that haunted the serene heavens. And then it hit me. Oliver, stating his comment about some Outside World his voice’s echo drifted throughout the cavities of my conscious.
Perhaps this Outside World is the real world Mary taught and talked to me about?
That could be an exceptionally good rationalization. Even I, new to all of this, have my doubts but why can’t anyone else see it too? Are they somehow blinded, or perhaps they too have noticed, but have never nitpicked it; or they’ve learned to accept it? 
I for one can’t, I can’t overlook this I must find some form of sense to all of it. I’ve nowhere to begin.
I took a deep breath, Ms. William eyes closely monitor me for some unapparent reason; I felt trapped. I clenched my fists tightly due to this sense of hysteria creeping down my spine like icy fingertips. 
I had to close my eyes, I couldn’t handle it, I didn’t know what was going on, what was going over me I felt due to burst; thrust the table and send it wheeling across the floor… but I couldn’t; I wasn’t a monster. I had to control myself. I wasn’t that man in my dreams, the taker of life, the Executioner.
I locked my jaw as I slowly opened my eyes. Tears rolled down my cheeks. I couldn’t figure out why I wept… but apparently with anger comes agony, with agony comes the sense of humility: a mutuality that binds and causes the strain in the brain to push forth the tears... to cool down the pain. 
Maybe?
But I wasn’t too sure if I were correct.
Due to all of my commotion spiraling around in my mind I wasn’t even aware that Ms. William was fixing breakfast. The aroma of sizzling bacon swept across the kitchen and caught me off guard. I was able to wipe the tears from my eyes without Ms. William noticing. I unclenched my fists and laid them flat on the table. Relax.
“Ms. William,” I finally said with a low slur, my throat was dry and I felt prone to croak, “Why does Amy call Ms. Johnson Mom?” 
A question that’s been in my mind for quite some time, but why did I just ask her now: what inclined me to do this?
Ms. William set a plate of scrambled eggs and bacon in front me.
“It’s just for mutual purposes. Amber always wanted to be a mother, always… when we attended classes together back in the day she’d keep a conversation about: Oh how I wanted to be a mother.” Ms. William’s tone was absentminded, “Sadly though she was unable to bear children… a lament she holds ever so deeply.”
“Why would she lament… it wasn’t her fault?” I added as I scooped off a fork-load of scrambled eggs and stuffed it in my mouth.
Ms. William laughed, “She’s always pinned it on herself, a thing some human’s do; they can’t find exact blame, so they go for the most likely target: ourselves.”
“So the reason Amy calls Ms. Johnson Mom is because?”
“Because it makes her feel like a mother, and Amy is the closest thing that has ever come close to giving her that motherly sensitivity.” 
She said before I could give her my thoroughly conscientious opinion about her exact rationale: but hers was close to my speculation.
“And this Motherly Sensitivity,” I said slightly sarcastic, “Do you ever get it?”
She gave me a crooked smile, “Well raising a boy is a lot more complicated than raising a girl.”
“Wait you’ve raised a girl before?” I asked bemused.
She nodded, “Yeah, you’re actually the first boy I’ve raised… I was a bit skeptical before I took the job, but I thought after raising two teenage girls I’d the just to try my attempts with a boy”
“And so far how am I compared to the other girl’s you’ve taken care of?”
Ms. William stared at me for a brief second, “Well you’re a lot more speculative; you’re more secluded, and… you enjoy spending time away from the house,” her truth felt keen, “But I am enjoying this, I’ve yet to fully melt away and give you my true views about things… but I do have a heart for you, and I do love you.” She said.
The way she said love you, didn't seem and feel sincere.
“Oh and you want to hear something very strange… raising a boy is rare; so rare that most Caretakers go through a lifetime of Adoptoles without raising or seeing one.” 
Her words were piercing, so a boy was a rarity in this society: awfully uncomforting.
I had a hard time swallowing down the bacon, “Adopto-what?” I’ve never heard of that word before.
“Adoptole,” she corrected, “It’s what we call the children we raise: best to explain as we take you in as one of our own.” She grimaced; her eyes glittered with the small bit of sunlight cutting through the window-blinds over the sink.
“Have you ever had a child of your own?” I curiously added.
Her face beamed to some extent, “We’re not permitted to breed or own, Sam. Has something to do with… don’t tell anybody this ok; it’s only between you and I, but they don’t want us to spread our genetic coding because of irregularities in the human genetic code that could possibly occur while breeding regularly… the Council want perfection… so only a rare few are consented to breed.” 
Her voice was but a whisper, as though she feared being heard, “Nothing gets authorized unless the Council has it set in stone; they basically know your future before you’re thirteen years of age: if and only if you pass the tests… if not you’re taken and released indefinitely. The system is at flaw; but… I’ve learned to deal with it because there’s nothing in my power I can do to alter anything.”
So my speculations were in fact true: Ms. William knew of this; but why even spill this to me now: did she see my zealous prying in the core of my eyes? 
I wasn’t aware of what she meant by Breeding either; I thought that was only for animals, like herds of cows’ bred only to be sent to the slaughter to provide meat for nourishment: something Mary explained to me in one of her many lectures.
“What do you mean by breeding?” I had to ask, the word left me bedazzled because of the way she put it: human’s breed; for what purpose?
She giggled, “That’s a subject I’ll be content to have when you’re a bit older.” Her face turned scarlet.
“Oh great!” I said sarcastically, “Now I have to wait an entire year before you to explain it!?”
“Yup.” Ms. William sent me a wink.
“I was seriously beginning to think I was the only person aware…” I said gravely, “Most people have been so oblivious to it”
“We have to Sam; we can’t just go around and telling people about this. If the Council sees any sign of miscommunication, something that might threaten anything they’ve achieved… they’ll shut that individual up: permanently… you can’t cross them: I’ve seen people, people I’ve held dear, people I cared about… disappear without-without a trace,” she sulked and bit her lip; her head arched forward with steady tears trailing down her cheeks, “Sam,” she sniffled, “I can’t carry on this conversation with you any longer-let’s let it rest and wait for the representative of the Council to explain and see why you: the one and probably only son I’ll ever have; has a damn Classified stamped in your future.”
“I thought we were going over there”
Someone knocked on the door.
“That’s a member of the Council Sam, show respect dear.” She notified.
Ms. William straightened her navy blue blouse patted her short black skirt and walked towards the kitchen sink. She made sure her hair was perfect, stared at herself from the dim reflection on the glass from the window over the sink; guess she wanted to make sure she looked adequate. She gave me smirk noticing my curious stare; her lovely pink coated lips gleaming brilliantly. She looked so elegant.
She cleared her throat softly and opened the door.
A slim, tall, and bald gentleman, dressed completely in a black suit, ironed white tie, and glossy black shoes, stood at the door, posture upright and chin straight. 
“Ms. Elizabeth William,” his low voice said, “You’ve requested a representative from Council to have an audience?”
She nodded, “Yes, yes, c-come in,” she said, “Please take a seat; oh that’s Sam.” She said.
The man stiffly walked inside and sat down next to me. His face was bland, not even a grin: same stiff posture, back straight, hands crossing over his lap.
“How can we be of assistance Ms. Elizabeth William?” His monotonous voice said.
Ms. William took the LCP document and sat it in front of this man.
“My child’s future is set by the Council as Classified: explain to me why?”
“Unfortunately we’re unable to explain the Council’s arrangement with this particular child,” his charcoal colored eyes finally took sight of me; he stared; a certain awe could be seen in his plain expression; he nodded his head at me, “You have a wonderful afternoon.” He rose swiftly, placed his cold hands on my shoulder and tapped me gently, “May your future shine bright Sam. Good day,” and without another word he left.
Ms. William’s expression was absentminded, oblivious to the man’s sense of composure, her mouth open.
“Bunch of still heads,” she said beneath her breath, “You see what we have to deal with…”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Let’s go shopping.” She said.

Market District

Ms. William and I walked past the strange archway looking detector into Groom’s Hall; a very nice: what Ms. William told me as: Contemporary attire store. I for one was really enthused about this, some of the garments displayed in glass containers were eye catchy.
Two marvelously dressed workers greeted us warmly; they had this teal sleeveless blouse and long black skirts, blond straight shoulder-length hair, and black belle-style shoes. They were completely identical: except for the fact that one was slightly shorter than the other. One nametag said: Alice and the other said: Laura. I couldn’t help but grin at their politeness, Ms. William nodded at them.
They both stared at me awkwardly; their same jaded blue eyes had this strange twinkle to them: robotic; their lips at the same position. Before long the right one, Alice looked up at Ms. William.
“Good Afternoon Madam,” she said monotonously, “We’d like to welcome you to Groom’s Hall. This is my co-worker Laura, new to this of course; so please don’t mind her shyness.” She explained
Ms. William shook Alice’s hand, “We’re perfectly fine, we’re just here looking for new pants for the gentleman here,” she presented me so wholeheartedly, I took my attention off staring at Laura and turned to Alice: I grinned, in return she grimaced. 
“Where are they?”     
Alice hesitated, and then without long just pointed to the far right of the store to a big hanging sign that had MEN written on it.
“Thank you.” Ms. William said as she took my hand dragging me with her. 
As I briefly stared back at the two workers, Laura was still eyeing me and Alice mumbled some illegible comments that I couldn’t make out. The main thing I was concerned with was Ms. William’s abruptness, just dragging me out of there as though I was acting like a snobbish child.
She stopped and let go of my hand, “Sam,” she said a tad bit warmer, she turned to me, “I understand your physical contact with the opposite sex is inclined to, Amber, myself, and Amy; but please try and not provoke any unwanted attention.” She said sharply.
I grimaced a bit startled. How could I be provoking any unwanted attention? I mean all I did was kindly grin at the other girl; in what form or manner could that be considered anything radical?
“Some girls find it as flirtation.” She explained answering my question without me having to blurt it out, “Look… remember I told you it’s quite rare to raise a boy? Well some of these girls… woman, have never even caught sight of their opposite sex-so if they’re looking at you oddly, most likely it’s because of that.”
I shrugged. All my anxiousness to pick out my own set of attire completely went to the wayside. I felt agony, annoyed, all these humanly feelings bubbling and boiling in my heart, over-encumbering me. I took a deep breath and buried my hands in my pockets following Ms. William. 
After what felt like a prolonged walk to the men's section of the store, we finally made it.
“Alright Sam, just pick out what you want.” Ms. William said.
There were so many to choose from that I didn’t even know where to begin. I stood there next to the jeans; from the corner of my eye I caught sight of Laura in the distance, next to a big sign that said: Bath and Body, eyeing me. 
My heartbeat thumped and blood started streaming through my veins rapidly. I felt this unnatural embarrassment. I casually began flipping through the pairs of jeans trying my best to ignore her stance; her grasping beauty, and just picked out random ones from the clutter. They all looked the same to me, so what difference would it make to even consider examining their construction; I giggled beneath my breath.
So I continued, from jeans to t-shirts, to long-sleeved turtleneck shirts. I pondered thoroughly; so what if I weren’t going to see Amy anymore; perhaps there’d be another one like her? What if I couldn’t find her kindness in any of the other girls? I couldn’t straighten my deliberation.
“What are you thinking sweetie?” Ms. William asked.
How did she know I was thinking?
“Oh nothing”
“Obviously something, look at you, you’re pinkie… and you’re breaking into sweats!” She said brightly as she giggled.
I couldn’t hold back, I just had to tell her; as a woman perhaps she’d understand, “Well… um, it’s just that Laura girl… she’s staring at me.” I said.
“Hmm,” Ms. William pursed her lips, “She’s the same year as you are dear: would you like me to inform her Mistress?”
I shook my head, “N-no, it’s fine,” I assured her, “I just felt a little embarrassed.”
Ms. William massaged my shoulder, “You’ll be excited to know what your third year has in store for you… I don’t want to spill the beans, so I’ll let you discover that yourself.” She said enthusiastically.
“Wonderful!” I sarcastically muttered.
She smirked.
We got to the checkout counter. Alice was standing stiff like a statue; I stared at her amused, Ms. William tapped on the green marble counter lightly trying to get her attention.
“Oh my, excuse me!” Alice said apologetically.
“No offense taken dear,” Ms. William set the cluster of attire on the table.
With her bland movements and lacking attitude she scanned each item. Laura appeared out of the blue and stood next to her; her beautiful blue eyes still on me, I felt uncomfortable. I felt prone to just grin slightly; she blushed and bit her lip, swaying away her eyes.
“Total comes to *678.50.” Alice informed: her eyes on me.
“Honey pull out your wrist.” Ms. William told me.
I held my wrist out and with a wireless scanner she scanned my barcode: a high-pitched ding occurred and the small 12” Monitor over the register said: CLEAR.
“Thank you!” Ms. William said as she took the large paper bag and my hand, again dragging me out.
---
Jake Hartman
***
Chapter
16
Actuality
--

I hurry through these haunting hallways of Preteritus…
Towards my goal. My memories of this ill place continue to run rampant in my mind. Spiraling pass the void and embracing my sight with nostalgia that cripples my sanity.
But is all this I thrive to accomplish worth my exile?
I don’t expect the outcome. Nowhere did I come to find that I would be an enemy inside my own design… things never turn out the way they’re planned. There’s always an anomaly to strike. Always some random impervious event that causes things to spiral from good to bad. Typical, cliché, something you’d read in some random book… but for every reaction, there’s always an equal reaction, and my new coming is going to demolish my own creation.
I huff and puff out of utter exhaustion. I stop, clutch my stomach, and stoop over.
I glare up.
Rationalizing about our forefathers, our heritage, what humanity thrived to achieve, to let it slip pass our finger tips because of something as simple as apathy. Not caring about accomplishments, not seeing through the little box that cages our brains.
I sigh and straighten.
Dr. Harrison Brown. A man? A friend? What can I dig up, what can baffle Thomas so drastically to have him jeopardize my safety in search of higher knowledge?
I tap on the wall. It clicks and flashes with some I.D.E scanner. I take the card he gave me and slide it over the scanner. It beeps and the wall slides up.
I enter. Press the Close button and stay clear of the door.
I feel the cell vibrate in my pocket. I dig it out and jab it in my ear.
“Thomas?”
“Yes.” Thomas replied.
I gasp. “Safety compromise?”
“No relax”
My tense muscles and shock slip away and I fall on my knees recovering my lost breath.
“I need you to examine Ms. Elizabeth William. She’s an interesting character. She obviously isn’t Tame-Breed… she’s a Half-Breed.”
I sulk. “Can you be certain?”
“Well, I’m not certain since I’m asking you to examine her profile. But the reason I ask you to do so is because she speaks to Sam with absolute openness. I’ve been monitoring her, and I can’t point my finger to her character at all. She has thinking patterns like a normal Human”
I scratch my head. “I’ll check on her first. I’ve been curious of her since I first saw her.”
“Ok I have to get going. I’ve already told them where I saw a trace of you, so hopefully that’ll leave that area a complete dead-zone status for quite some time. I’ll buzz you if anything changes. Later.”
The cell beeps off.
This room… the Mainframe Operational Com. are scattered around the Preteritus Facility, but only Myrmidons, Council Officials, and the Seeker Warden have access. I take the card and examine it. No name. Just a barcode.
I glance at the computer that’s screen is the size of the entire wall. I hurry to the chair, sit, and activate the computer.
…Loading
…
Please Scan your I.D.E Access Card…
I slide the card over the tower.
Thank You Anonymous, please allow a couple of minutes for the booting process…
…
What information would you like to access?
Dr. Harrison T. Brown. 
I type.
Thank you. Please wait…
…
Dr. Harrison T. Brown
Status: Departed
Last Known Status: Unauthorized access from a deceased subject in floors A-E in the Preteritus Facility…
I.D.E: Deactivated…
<Options>
(History) ---- (Personal Profile) ---- (Classified)

I stare at the options. I take the curser and click on History. The tower whirs lightly and the hard drive clicks a couple of times.

…
Please Wait…
Thank you for your Patience…
…
Dr. Harrison T. Brown
Date of Birth: October 8
Date of Death: August 20
Age: 47
Reason of Death: Classified
Parents: Hilary Brown and David. T. Brown
Status: True Blood Human
Historical Background: During the Time of Departure, Dr. Harrison T. Brown’s parents, gave him up to the Council’s services. His Life-Career Placement Plan placed him in the Medical Program.
His brightness was astute. He was chosen secretly by the Council to accomplish the final stages of the Ark.
The Ark, an area outside the Grand Biodome that Dr. Harrison T. Brown created to cater endangered specimens and house a gargantuan organically grown pastures known as Eden, was the perfect local to begin the works of the Council Program.
 Thanks to Dr. Harrison T. Brown the entire Preteritus Program and Caretaker division…

My fists ball up. My face heats up and my anger boils beyond meaning. The Council gave him credit for all my ideas, for the Ark. I ram my fist against the armrest.
I close his profile. I refuse to read anymore of this fake man. Ironic too… I mean out of all the I.D.E’s Thomas chooses his card. I bite my lip to try and refrain from calling him back up and cursing at him for making me read this pile of rubbish.
I type my name.
Dr. Jake Hartman
Thank you. Please wait…
…
Information taking longer than expected…
…
Profile Does Not Exist
Please try again…

Tears swell. I sit back and stare. I don’t exist.

Ms. Elizabeth William
Thank you. Please wait…
…
Ms. Elizabeth William
Status: Active
Last Known Query: Requested a member of the Council because her Adoptole’s LCP is Classified…
Other Query: Ms. Elizabeth William’s I.D.E quit functioning…

<Other Options>
(History) ---- (Personal Profile) ---- (Classified)

I click on History.

Thank you. Please wait…
…
Ms. Elizabeth William
Date of Birth: January 8
Age: 27
Parents: Unknown Information
Status: Half-Blood Humanoid
Historical Background: Ms. Elizabeth William: Caretaker, year five,
Previous Adoptole's: Sarah McBride. Ashton Arnold. Morgan Ellis. Codename: Sam Classified.
Ms. Elizabeth William has superiority with her Adoptole's and the Council Officials can guarantee her success through her years of servitude.

My son’s a classified subject. I close the profile and shut the computer off. I take and breathe and relax. 
Ms. Elizabeth William is a Half-Blood Humanoid… that’s something I’d never expect. Could she have abducted into the Council during the time of Departure?
I don’t know. The Time of Departure is so vague to me... I know I jotted it down in the very beginning of my journal somewhere back when I was still a juvenile. I cross my arms and think. Think about nothing because my entire mind is at ease.
I hit the button on the cell.
Rings once, twice, and click.
“Got the information?” Thomas says.
“Yeah… I got all of it”
“It’s unfortunate information. Painful nonetheless, but something you had to be aware of.”
“Thanks for showing me that. I would have never guessed the President would go to that degree to erase me from existence.” I say.
“He did. But I preserved your real file in my personal computer. So smile.” I hear him scoff. “So what of Elizabeth William.”
“A Half-Breed Humanoid.” I answer.
I hear his gasp. “Spectacular! And she was accepted by the Council? That’s interesting… really, really interesting.”
“What’s you presumption?”
“I’m not too sure. This is a downwards never-ending spiral. Does it show her parents?”
“No. It says information unknown”
“Ok. I’d suggest getting out of there. My fellow Myrmidons and their Guardians grow tired of this wild goose chase, they’ll probably turn and search more throughout the installation.” Thomas says.
“Gotcha. I’ll catch you in Monarch’s Reach.”
I click off the cell and hurry to the exit.

***
Sam
---
Chapter
17
Mythology
---
Ms. William rushed inside my room… 
Her face covered in some icky green refining mask, which took me by surprise. My entire hysteria and panic was washed away with tears of joy just streaming down my face. I laughed.
Ms. William locked her jaw and crossed her arms, “That’s not funny young man,” she said very loud, “You nearly gave me a panic attack.”
My hands were quivering uncontrollably, “S-sor-sorry,” I stuttered. 
“Sweetheart are you ok? Want me to call the doctor?” She asked very worried.
I finally calmed down, I closed my eyes and relax my head against the soft pillow, “I… am… fine,” I said.
“Don’t forget your medicine before going back to sleep Sam!” She informed me.
I heard a tap on my night table; I creaked opened my eyes enough to notice Ms. William setting the glass of water and three pills on the table.
Her cold finger tips grazed my forehead steadily and smoothly; I assumed she was checking my temperature, perhaps she will call the doctor after all; I wasn’t feeling entirely whole either.
I felt a prickle on my arm; I winced, and groaned quietly, still unaware of what was happening… I tried to open my eyes but I couldn’t, they were weighed down by this uncanny weariness cloaking my will… again the beautiful and peaceful perfect black behind my eyelids took me away… far away… 
“He’ll be fine Elizabeth,” I heard a muffled voice whisper.
“Are you sure?” Ms. William’s panicky high-pitched voice asked uncertain.
“Absolutely…”
I felt bits of warmth touch parts of my skin, I was finally able to open my eyes to notice the sun’s beams slitting through the creases of the window blinds, I whimpered aghast.
“Did you become a vampire over night!?” Ms. William said.  
“Ugh,” I mumbled drowsily, “What’s a vampire?” My eyes were still heavy, but I managed to open them halfway. 
Ms. William laughed, “Devilish fiends that feast in blood!”
“What do I have anything to do with that?” My head was spinning; it was aching, throbbing like a sore thumb.
“They’re not too fond of the sun either.” She explained.
“What made you bring that up?” I said, finally opening my eyes completely. Ms. William sat on my chair, one leg over the other, and a book flat on her lap.
She giggled beneath her breath, “Oh, this book I am reading is about vampires! They can’t go out into the sun or they’ll burn to a crisp… awkward huh?!” She explained.
I winced. I finally got the just of it; basically she was comparing me to a vampire because the sun made me groan… I could see that I guess; however I was still pondering in my thoughts: not about vampires, but about what exactly happened to me?
“How long have I been out?” I said as I rubbed the temples of my pulsating head.
“Three days… gave me quite a scare, but you’re all fixed up and ready to go; I told Mr. Cove you’ll be back tomorrow, so today it seems as though you have a free day to do whatever you like. I have to get to work. And don’t forget your medicine.” 
She said in a hurry; she gave me a kiss on the forehead, her cotton soft and moist lips pressing down on my head, it healed my headache briefly, and then, after catching her delightful fragrance, she left.
I closed my eyes again…
After coming back to consciousness I quickly did my share of chores; took my medicine, brushed my teeth, and took a shower. I left in search of somebody, a person who seems to mysteriously appear out of the blue; and I was hoping to see him again today: Oliver. 
I stepped into the awkwardly perfect atmosphere, not too hot or too cold; just right, the breeze consistent with its share of occasional wisps of whipping air. I couldn’t help but think; think hard about everything I’ve been experiencing. 
I understood that a nightmare is some hallucination that the mind cooks up to entertain one during rest, but what was its exact nature? Why was my mind giving me these vision-err… nightmares about me and not only this me that I could never imagine being, but also people I’ve met? 
Could it be that my brain is taking every individual person I’ve met and is smothering them all into some twisted and sick fairytale that’s somehow composing itself in my mind?
I didn’t comprehend, I don’t know if it was my inept mind, I needed some sort of light: a person to advise that might give me some kind of answer; I know this isn’t ordinary. 
I set off towards Amy’s residence; it was a school day, so I wasn’t entirely sure if she was in, but I wanted to go anyways, smell the fragrance of their dwelling: a serenity that I couldn’t even find in my own. 
I kept my eyes alert, waiting on Oliver’s mysterious entry to somehow take me by surprise as he generally does, or has done. Nothing however occurred through my walk to Amy’s house; but I did however catch a small sign of life. 
A group of children in a single filed line following an elderly gentleman entered the Jefferson Building. I stood glued to the ground, staring at this phenomenon… definitely a conversation to bring up in dinner tonight with Ms. William.

I didn’t go to Amy’s house, I just chose to relax at the riverbed; enjoying the peaceful gurgling hum of the river’s modulating composure. I took off my shoes, rolled up my jeans, and then just dipped my feet into the cool water. It felt so soothing and refreshing; the brisk rushing water tickling beneath my feet; the cold rush of splashes running up my legs like cold hands.
I took a deep breath and examined the unfathomable perfection. Twinkling specks of mist dispersed on occasion with the waters crash against the rocky surface on the other end of the riverbed. 
The perfectly cut grass sparkled like shards of diamonds scattered over a bare patch of soil, the rocks, glazing like a coating of ice, had this artistic aurora surrounding their surface; as though drawn. 
I sighed and leaned back against the moist grass, “Wish Amy was here,” I whispered as I closed my eyes and saw an image of Amy’s beautiful face and flawless eyes staring at me behind my eyelids… 

“It’s nearly dusk my young friend,” said a familiar voice.
I slowly opened my eyes and caught sight of a crimson sky with thin stretched sheets of white clouds. A briskly breeze gave me a chill. 
I got up and saw Oliver in his white cloak, head snuggled in his hood, and almost fake, glowing blue eyes staring at me; his skin seemed frailer like withered ivory parchment. He was sitting, somewhat hunched, and stiff; I couldn’t even notice his breathing, on a rock I never saw before.
“Hello Mr. Oliver,” I said kindly.
“I see you’ve taken a fancy over this local.” He said in a cold tone.
“Yup!” I said oblivious to his seeming dislike.
He smirked, his dry lips and skin almost looking as it were to crumble up into pieces of dust, “Its beauty is captivating.”
Before long I had to ask, he was the entire reason I came to the river in the first place, to find Oliver, to ask him, “Can you tell me more about the Outside World?”
“I can’t.” He quickly replied.
“T-then tell me about the breed...”
Before I could even finish he butted in with his index finger raised at me, “Look Sam, I am not in my right to inform you of any of that, but in due time you’ll learn the just of everything, your many questions will be answered… but at the price of having to ask a million more,” he said rather sarcastic, a bit of life finally showing in his express.
I shrugged.
“Come Sam, come,” Oliver said, “I will tell you something however, seeing that your curiosity is a menacing avalanche, but what I am about to say do not repeat it ok; not even to your beloved friend, Amy.” He said seriously. His mention of Amy took me by surprise: how did he know about her, better yet how did he know I was a friend with her? Before I could ask about his keen knowledge he pressed on
“Long, long ago, back before the first beings like us knew about the space time continuum: there walked these fiends… these look-alikes: some called them Outsiders, others called them Soulless Wanderers. Uncovered tombs found deep in caverns that age back to the Stone Age state their existence… but Scholars and Regime officials have kept their mouths zipped in order to keep sanity admits the crowds.
“There’s been this awkward abnormality occurring in the Outside World… things that have traversed over to ours; things like the sky and even those new rooms the Council has placed inside each individual quarter… precautions are being taken into consideration; and I’m afraid we’re doomed like our ancestors before us….”
Oliver continued on, but I couldn’t help but try to make sense of this nonsense: Outside World being plagued? What does he mean by these look-alikes?
“These Soulless Wanderers I believe have returned or at least have come out of hiding… from the Tombs I’ve read I have discovered many, many disturbing truths about them: their like cannibals, feast on the flesh of humans and animals alike: some even stated they thirsted for human blood… seeking effortlessly to prey on their next soul. Supposedly in the belief’s of these things, these Outsider’s, are in search of their lost soul, and they believe somewhere in one of us lives their soul they lost due to their transformation into the fiend they became… but it sounds like a fake Mythological Fairytale of a belief.”
I had trouble seeing sense: either I was being absentminded or his words were too hollow to even comprehend as a reality; it just sounded to infused in a science fiction novel of some sort: like something Amy would be reading to me off one of her books.
I winced, “And what does this have to do with anything: I-I mean us?”
Oliver cleared his throat, “The Council has been mobilizing and sending plenty of troops outside… solemnly a group returns: the injured are not tended, they’re left to rot.”
“Troops meaning?” I interrupted curiously.
“Soldiers: men bred solely to fight”
“With guns?”
Oliver giggled, “Yes, of course,” he said amused, “Fields flooded with thousands upon thousands: gunning one another down to see which one’s victor… or perhaps which side is lucky enough to live and tell the tale”
“What could cause such a disastrous ultimatum?” I asked.
Oliver chuckled beneath his breath, “Conflicts”
“And what does your comments about these Soulless Wanderers and Outsiders have anything to do with this particular situation?” I interrupted again seeing no sense in his unrelenting context of supernatural allegations.  
“Perhaps these two things are connected; something is stirring in the Outside World, and we’re powerless to venture and marvel over its beauty.”   
I leaned back against the sandpapery stone and felt the cool spray of the river’s cold water touch my face. The grass along the riverbed was moist and it glittered beautifully with the dusk sun’s rays. I turned and faced Oliver, whose sight remained glued outwards the heavens.
“After your final year in the custody of Ms. Elizabeth William you’ll be taken and taught the many things that you’ve probably queried since the day you stepped out of your cubical.”
And I had many question. I closed my eyes: again behind the jet blackness I saw Amy’s beautiful blue eyes staring at me. I couldn’t help but ask myself if I was obsessed: could an obsession cause my many feelings-or is it actually love? 
Is my eagerness to see her, be next to her, be somehow connected with a trace of disillusionment? As the blackness turned into a puff of haze dispersing like smoke; beams of white light extinguishing the darkness that other girl I saw: Laura, she was behind Amy; the same blue eyes staring at me. 
Then it hit me, Ms. William said something about how only a certain few were able to breed: perhaps that’s how the Council achieve their perfection; through their own altered methods to make each individual as perfect looking as possible.
I honestly didn’t know where this radical philosophical view was coming from: it’s just the way Ms. William presented the subject was so straightforward and unexpected. I felt prone to talk to Oliver about it, but I also felt a bit apprehensive about it.
I took a deep breath, cleared my throat and took sight of Oliver’s elegant structure and upright posture: perfection, like a sculptured effigy posing, “Oliver,” I said hesitantly, “What do you know about the Council?” 
Oliver’s stared, “They’re a bunch of arrant snobs wishing to please the people with outrageous limitations to individual rights and peace… they’re their own enemy.” He said with this voice of fury: I guess he didn’t approve.
“Can you tell me more about them?”
“No.” He replied with haste.
I didn’t really negotiate: his cold reply crippled me, like it tore a hole in my spirit, I felt this drowning numbness spread throughout as though rushing waters were washing me away. I clenched my jaw.
After an uncomfortable moment of silence Oliver finally said, “I’m sorry, Sam-but not to worry ok, you’ll learn everything in time… just be patient.” He gave me a heartwarming smile.
“I understand.” I replied.
“Well best to not worry Elizabeth, go straight home ok?”
I nodded.
“And Sam, none of which we spoke can be repeated ok.” He gave me a dead look.
“Yes sir.” I answered truthfully; and I wasn’t, most of the stuff he said was so mindboggling that I could-would not even believe it.
I waved and said my farewell. Until then, he told me, which I hope was sooner, rather than later. I didn’t really know what it was; that peace that I felt whenever I saw his eyes: perhaps security.
 So what was this big secret with the Council? I mean I saw one of the members in my house, or at least I thought it was a member… they looked a lot like Reese did, that same awkward bald hair, very pale skin, and black suits… a bit spooky in my opinion. 
But what about Oliver’s composure, shouldn’t that strike me the least bit awkward? I mean the normality of the way he dressed compared to his delude and authenticity that’s visually noticeable, who could he really be, what authority did he actually have?

I really wanted to go see Amy; it seemed like forever since I caught sight of her beautiful face and flawless sapphire eyes, forever since I’ve inhaled her enchanting scent… but I couldn’t go, it was nearly night time and the jaded orange sky was almost extinguished. 
Ms. William had this thing about me wandering out at night, I’ve never been able to even witness the sky at night, because the windows are automatically sealed off with this metallic plating and then when dawn comes they roll open. 
I’ve asked Ms. William many times over and over again last year of the exact purpose they served, but all she gave me was this cold glare, and then shrugged her shoulders and said I don’t know, gee that helps a lot. I was actually thinking of asking her again today, seeing that her attitude towards me changed so drastically, perhaps she’d spill the beans.
When I finally made it home, Ms. William was sitting on the dining table reading that book still; on the stove two large stainless steel pots with boiling substances sizzling and fuming with steam. The smell made my stomach roar.
Ms. William’s eyes averted off the book and stared at me, “Welcome home honey,” she said with a big smile. She looked even prettier today, her lips coated with glossy light pink lipstick, cheeks blush and rosy, dressed fashionably with a luxurious torques buttoned blouse, and short black skirt, I felt dazzled by her beauty.
“H-hey Ms. William!” I said a bit hesitantly; intimidated by her composure and the fact that I was afraid she’d say something to me about coming in at such a late hour.
“You ok? You look a bit pinky there…” she grinned at me.
I shook my head, “I’m fine,” I assured her politely. 
“I’m making four cheese Alfredo.” She informed me, I guess she saw me eyeing the two pots releasing their captivating and delicious scent into the air. 
I was however curious to see what she was reading; she’s been on that book for a little over a week, must be interesting.
I sat next to her, “What you reading Ms. William?”
“Of Fear and Blood,” she said, “Remember I was talking to you about vampires… well this story is about that”
“Oh really! Tell me about it.” I said. I was truly curious; I was so used to Amy telling me stories that I missed it so much; I needed some kind of imaginative rapture after hearing all that mumbo jumbo from Oliver.
“Of course,” she giggled, “Well… let me start from the beginning… this is in fact a pretty hefty and long story, so bare with me… this one here is the third book in the series. The first one is called Through Silence and Void. The story begins with Andrew Swift in his late teens almost due to graduate from High School. His parents moved from New York, New York early in his final year as Senior to this small town in Alabama called Riverchase Village,” she explained, most of these titles I didn’t really understand, like: Senior, and High School, she commenced, 
“He felt betrayed, leaving all of his loved ones behind, leaving the people that he grew up with… he felt as though nobody knew how that was like: leaving everything behind that he thrived so hard to achieve… friendships, respect, everything; he explained it as,” Ms. William hesitated for a second, “Vanishing, being erased from their world.”
That word seemed misplaced, vanishing, and the way Ms. William just held back left me wandering. 
“However, let me continue, his father, Stanly Swift got a job in Riverchase Village as a Local Bank Accountant Manager in promise to later in time move to a bigger city. Well strangely enough of course as all stories, they wouldn’t be interesting without some sort of strange and eerie abnormality… well this city has its share of secrets and I’ll get to them in a second. Andrew got enrolled in Chestnut High School…”
“Ms. William, what’s a school?” I asked.
“There were three different types’ schools: Elementary, Intermediate, and High; each pertain to a different age group, from children to teens; as the individual progresses through courses they’re met with more difficult challenges to help them develop a better understanding of their surroundings. Next year Sam, the Council will introduce an academic system somewhat like this one… congregating groups of teens… so expect a very interesting change next year.” Ms. William explained, “Now that that’s clear, want me to continue the story?” She smirked.
I nodded.
“Ok, well Andrew befriended this strange boy named Tim Leek… he was strange because… well in the story he’s very monotonous and immature acting, is overly skinny and pale skin, and his eyes are a very awkward tint of red surrounding the brownish color of his pupils…”
Ms. William continued even during our meal, it was really interesting; I couldn’t wait to take my first book and actually read it. I stayed attentive…
“Why did Andrew hang out with Tim so much though: I mean even he thinks he’s a bit odd…” I said; drips of sauce drizzled down my lips as I tried to slurp it back up.
“Don’t speak with your mouth full dear,” Ms. William said.
I wiped my mouth, “I’m sorry Ms. William.
“Ok, well… Andrew described Tim as the only person in this new school that he could connect with; he couldn’t explain why out of all the good people that were actually talking to him he chose to befriend one of the more… let’s just say unorthodox ones… and the activities Tim mentioned to Andrew weren’t exactly in the legal term,” she giggled, “One Friday after school Tim tells Andrew about this strange church that he normally goes to and hangs out at Andrew seeing no harm tags along with Tim… Tim taught Andrew something: don’t ever judge or second guess anybody just because of the way they look or act…”
“In what way… err... I mean how?” I asked.
Ms. William smiled at me, “Well because everyone wondered why out of all the other people befriending him he would go and be content with something so low… Tim wasn’t the most rewarding individual you know; truth be told Andrew saw no real reason why they disliked Tim so much… which brought to him his conclusion which I already shared with you.” Ms. William said.
Ms. William didn’t finish the entire story, and she didn’t even explain the reason why this town of Riverchase Village was so strange and eerie; I was entirely curious, and when she left me hanging there… I was stooped. 
It was pretty late, so I left Ms. William alone in the kitchen while she was washing the dishes to go to bed. I stared at the sealed window and sighed; I don’t know what it was now, I wanted to know what was out there at night, or at least catch a glimpse of the sky.
After Ms. William talked to me about Of Fear and Blood, I couldn’t help but image being one of the fiends of the night, roaming through the night and devouring my prey without the remorse… without the fear… but how would such a figurine of such fantasy have come about? 
Who in their unrighteous mind invented this monstrous betrayer of life? 
I pondered and pondered, honestly didn’t know what I’d find and how anyone in their right mind would come about and create something this strange… and then I thought, what if the person that invented vampires witnessed a man kill another man, or a man eating the flesh off another; cannibalism: I believe is the term that Mary used maybe that triggered the imagination… such a horrid way to be inspired. 
I laid in bed restless; staring at the glossy metallic plate covering my window, at how solemnly and anonymously it creeps and hides the night. 
I took a deep breath, and turned to my little night light plugged on the wall emitting a candle-like aurora around my dim room; it reminded me of the long prolonged period of time I was cradled in the Consolation Chamber, imagining that I could have been locked alive in such a grave… and not even question why I was there, which lead me to believe, perhaps if an individual is alienated from certain innate rights would we question any irregularities surrounding our way of life in the first place? 
I didn’t ponder too long, my thoughts stirred towards Mary, and of course, I had yet to forget about that envelope she gave me, its tucked beneath my two mattresses. 
I didn’t know, but I had yet to feel the urge to open it just yet, but it’s still there, in the corner of my mind, dormant, waiting for the proper moment to slit that seal and open it. What could Mary have wanted me to know?
And then I started thinking about Dr. Harris, how he took me out of there, him being my first contact was actually attempting to wrong me? I didn’t really ever understand what happened when I blacked out, or when I appeared in the custody of Ms. Elizabeth William; it all happened so fast, one moment locked away, isolated, and then the next I am living in this… what seemed to be an imitation of the real world. I closed my eyes, steadily feeling the black and comforting numbness grasp a hold of my tired body… and then…

The following morning… 
I was stirred up by the same annoying toot rattling my eardrums like two iron pans clanging against one another. I sluggishly opened my eyes trying my best to keep them closed to embrace what little tranquility I had left behind my black eyelids… but I had to get up, it was an obligation that I couldn’t escape.
“Sam it’s time for your medicine.” I heard Jane’s robotic voice illustrate.
I groaned and dug my face into my pillow, “Why now?” I said in a muffled voice.
“Because it’s 11:01 am and it’s soon time for class Sam, please don’t make me message Ms. William again.” Jane warned.
Angry, I lifted off the bed, took the medicine down with one full gulp, and then slammed my bedroom door shut behind. The hallway was dim; the kitchen lights off: apparently Ms. William wasn’t home. 
I staggered to the kitchen. As soon as I stepped onto the tile the lights flickered on. On the dining table a silver tray contained a nice array of delicious treats; slices of ham, diced cheese, and a red apple were patiently waiting for me. 
I smiled; feeling this sensational eruption just cripple me, I felt love for Ms. William; that’s got to be it, nothing else can explain it. I had trouble swallowing, my face burned, and bits of sweat trickled down my forehead, I felt overly hot.
I pulled out and a chair and sat down; grabbed the apple and began to nibble on its waxy surface. Ms. William’s book Of Fear and Blood was sitting next to the silvery platter, I took it and opened it to page one. 
---

Preface

It was nearly dawn; cold air slit through my lungs like carving knives cutting across my skin, it burned terribly; like salt water sprinkled into my eyes. I was in the very cave where the act of lunacy occurred; still back against the wall staring feverishly at that fiend… the one who betrayed his friend… I couldn’t move, I was petrified: afraid of what he’d do if he caught a glimpse of me.
 But he was too a friend of mine. One I’ve known for two years now… what can I do to make him remember me. It’s me Tim… can't you see… can’t you comprehend… it’s Andrew man… h-how could you forget me? 
Tears streamed down my cheeks and I staggered and just left the cave. The dawn breeze was cool and pristine; the fading heavens sparkled with stars glittering beautifully. 
I dug my hands in my pockets and just walked away from this nightmare.
Chapter 1
Understanding
My bike ride was long and strenuous. The brisk air smacking against my face and cold air slitting through my clothes, left me petrified. The sun hid behind the thick layers of clouds brought by this ferocious winter season.
I neared the first driveway from that long stretch of barrenness. It was Tim’s place… it hurt so much starring at the entrance, with the piles of newspapers mounded on the entrance like heaps of bone. I bit my lip and felt my frozen tear stick to my cheek.  I sniffled.
I didn’t know what wrought his consequence… how he managed to entangle himself in a situation without consulting his close friends, but, but he’s now an: it, the Soulless Wanderer he spoke about before he became one.
All the words that he spoke, all the things he said about Soulless Wanderers, could they be in fact true? They’ll seek and seek forever, devouring one soul to the next until it finds his own? Or was that just an added gibberish to somehow spark some interest to those that didn’t really care?
I’ll see in the end I guess. I have to tell Jessica and Steven about this…
---
I gulped air. I tried to be inconspicuous towards the words: Soulless Wanderers, because Oliver used those words. I thought for a second, pretending as though I was still reading, and wondered if Oliver just got all that mumbo-jumbo from this book.
I closed the book. I could read, it felt natural as though I’ve done it before. I rubbed my temples and stared aimlessly at the book; Of Fear and Blood… I was curious now; hooked, I had to get the first two: I wanted to read.
The monitor over the stove flickered on.
“Sam, it’s thirty minutes before your class starts please drop what you’re doing and leave now.” Jane said, her voice echoing from the small, round speakers magnetically strapped on the fridge. 
I took a deep breath and then left the house. 
I stood there perplexed; dark and ominous clouds consumed the sky. I had trouble swallowing; in fact: I could barely constraint my sudden hyperventilation. Oliver came in mind. 
“Wow,” I muttered, “Again the beautiful assortment of insanity erodes against the blemished sky…” I shook my head dazed. I didn’t even understand the words that came out of my mouth. 
I tightly shut my eyes until the deep black burned and enflamed itself into a crystalline white light; and then opened them back up: bits of blind spots flickered in every corner of my eyesight until everything came back to norm. The darkened heavens were still there.
With this innate fear I just left towards Mr. Cove’s class in the Jefferson Building.

Part
II
-Deprivation-

***
Jake Hartman
---
Chapter
18
Selectivity
---

I let the sun’s warm touch sooth my sweat ridden face
The exhaustion circulating throughout my body has me craving for food and water. I stagger across the loose foliage crackling beneath my feet until I trip over some tree root and tumble on the ground. I roll on my back and close my eyes.
Footsteps grasp my attention. I glare up and see nothing. I roll on my belly and crawl to the nearest tree trunk.
“Uh why are you crawling?”
That voice… Rebecca.
I rise and see my lovely daughter standing not even ten spaces ahead of me. She is as beautiful as her mother. I can see her in Rebecca’s hazel eyes, smooth ivory skin, and long chocolate brown hair. The wind’s gusts shuffle her one-piece spaghetti strap-dress that’s ablaze with yellow and black. I smile.
“You look familiar.” She strolls on over to me, plants her hands on her hips, and raises an eyebrow. “Do I know you?”
“Hello Rebecca.”
She gasps. “Y-you’re that Dr. Harris Brown aren’t you?”
I hesitate.
Her eyes squint. “You look different… uh hello?”
“Yes Rebecca, I’m Dr. Harris… Brown,” I cringe at that man’s name.
“It’s Becca by the way”
“Of course, of course. Pardon me. Becca.” I reply.
“So,” she peers around, her hazel eyes trailing left and right. “Why are you in the middle of nowhere?”
“Shouldn’t I be asking that question?”
Rebecca crosses her arms. “I’m just out for a walk.”
“Without any supervision?” 
“There’s nothing that can harm anyone in this place”
“Wrong.” Spat Thomas, appearing from the shadow. “Becca you shouldn’t be out here. It’s dangerous.” Thomas gives me a serious stare while he straightens the duffle bag strap that’s slung over his shoulder.
“You again… you really like to just magically sprout out of the blue don’t you?” Rebecca says with a pinch of sarcasm.
Her personality and forwardness astounds me. She reminds me of… me.
“Monarch’s Reach isn’t safe anymore Becca, nowhere is safe anymore.” Thomas says.
I stagger and flop down on the ground. I lean my head against the tree trunk and clutch my famished stomach. I felt awful. My body wouldn’t budge at all. It craved for shut eye… but one that I doubt I’d wake up from.
“Here,” Thomas hands me a large tin can. “Meal-Replacement.” He assures me.
Rebecca clears her throat. “And why isn’t any place safe anymore?”
I pop open the can and gulp the thick liquid down. The cold drink slithers down the cavity of my stomach like a slab of ice sliding down my hand.
I croak. “Any more?”
He slides the strap off his shoulder and hands me the duffle bag. “It should last you for a week or so”
“Hey, excuse me? Am I invisible? What are you talking about?” Rebecca snaps.
Thomas sighs. “I can’t tell you why. And it would be best that I walk you out of here.”
Rebecca gets on her tippy-toes and stares over Thomas’s shoulder at me. “Is he going to be alright?”
 Thomas outstretches his hand towards her. “Yes”
“I found a little cottage not too far from here”
“Do not speak of any of this Becca. Take my hand and I’ll take you out of here.” Thomas insists.
“Tell me what’s happening first and then I’ll leave,” she squints her eyes at Thomas. “By myself, thank you very much.”
Thomas shrugs. “True-bloods are intolerable.” He mouths beneath his breathe.
I chuckled and rise. I take the duffle bag and sling it over my shoulder.
“Rebecca, please understand that I’m a wanted man. And because of that it isn’t safe in these parts.” I whisper. “Nowhere around me is safe.”
“He’s right Becca.” Thomas says.
She sighs. “Don’t worry. I won't tell anyone… I’ll be going now.” Rebecca gives Thomas and I another serious look and runs off.
“Quite a character isn’t she?” Thomas mutters.
I nod.
“So. Have you thought about a plan?”
“I have something in mind.” I reply and then wince, “But… it’ll take coordination in order for it to work. Let’s head to my cottage.”
We move through the forest caressing us with broken shadows and hints of sunlight here and there. The vague trail I left composed of a thin line streaking over the soil is almost covered by all the fallen leaves.
This place, this so-called Monarch’s Reach, is the closest thing to a living, breathing forest we’ll ever get to gaze upon. Most of this was my plan to preserve what riches Earth had before the Time of Departure. However, the evolution of the Ark, which is one gargantuan Biological Membrane… known as a bio-dome, houses all the riches Earth has left.
Most of my research and innovations to restore anything didn’t help me much. And I’m not sure what the Council has in store now for my little piece of heaven… but only time will tell.
My small cottage… is pretty much an abandoned and unfinished lookout point for Monarch’s Reach potential ability to house wildlife. Thomas and I are the only ones that know of this location… and now Rebecca.
I stop and face Thomas. “Ok.” I mutter.
“Ok?” He replies.
“Here’s what we have to do Thomas. I have to fringe my death. But in order to do that we’ll need witnesses… Sam, Rebecca, you, and a fellow Myrmidon of yours. That’s enough to convince anyone. This place.” I point at my cottage. “Will have to be the trace. Lead the Guardians here to acquire my scent.” I say and take a breath.
“The children?”
“I’ll have to expose myself to Sam and Rebecca a bit more so that my trace can somehow stick to them. It will endanger them… something I didn’t want to do, but I trust that you’ll keep them safe from harm since I can’t.”
Thomas nods. “I’ll do my best… so what else?”
“Once we get enough of my scent on them… I hope that Sam somehow manages to acquaint himself to Rebecca and show her the Quebec Front. I’ll have to take Sam there and since he’s been hanging about that river a lot I can somehow trail him to it.”
Thomas crosses his arms. “That’s a bit of a long shot don’t you think? It’ll take luck for things to fall in to place”
“That’s why it’ll take time.” I say and head towards my cottage.

***
Sam
---
Chapter
19
Disturbance
---
Mr. Cove’s class dragged on like usual... 
I sat there pretending to pay attention and just occasionally dozed off at his monotonous, uninspiring voice; my eyes were just about to close when he slapped his History book on his table.
“Sam, please pay attention!” He insisted ruefully.
I nodded, trying my best to actually look remotely interested in his what I thought useless blabber of endless and almost sounding logical and crucial events to this what felt like a fairytale of bundled pieces of corresponding history yet smothered together into this one gargantuan piece of garbage that almost sounded believable… or at least to me it almost sounded believable; but I wasn’t buying any of it… I kept on wondering if I was the only person that viewed this as mumbo-jumbo.
Mr. Cove took a deep breath; frustration emitted off his stance, posture, and stare: his arms were crossed, back slightly arched, and eyes just noosing me with his grumpy stare.
“I’ll be sure to tell Ms. William you’re acting like a spoiled child.”
“Excuse me?” I said, “And what does that mean?” I demanded, my fists coiled.
“It means Ms. William is giving you way too much slack, you need to be disciplined, so I’m going to order the Student Committee to void this course and to place you under the Student Management Program until you’re LCP is in effect.”
I didn’t even know what he was talking about, I just locked my jaw and crossed my arms I was boiling, angry-infuriated. My face felt redder than the apple I nibbled on this morning before class, all I felt prone to say was fine, didn’t say one more word after that.
“Now are you ready to set aside your childish attitude young man?” Mr. Cove said; his eyes narrow and lips pursed waiting for my reply.
I nodded.
“Excellent. Now, centuries in time there’ve been lessons learned, and as its course continues its cycle; we as individuals ascertain each and every single flaw and malfunction that could have caused absolute failure or ultimate success. For example.” 
Mr. Cove took the history book he slammed on the desk and opened it to a random page. He slid on his reading glasses that were dangling down like a necklace, “The tales of the Old Roman Empire discuss how a grand civilization that was built to worship the holy gods that founded their local… could simply disappear and falter without a cause. It’s told in some of their early tomes that a power struggle occurred between the different types of religion, which planted their seed to failure…”
“The Olden Period was also known as Worshiper’s of the Old where they sought freedom and unity from gods and these Holy Scriptures some high standing King’s drafted. But soon after this occurred an immigration movement occurred sporadically different religions began to mix with one another and the Higher Priests saw this as blasphemy, a disgrace in the eyes of God and sought to banish any other religion that wished to control the Senate…”
So, I thought as he rambled continuously about this Old Roman Empire, a nation of such grand standing let its self be raddled over a medley cause such as religious views? I couldn’t believe that, there had had to be another reason for such a supposed: grand, empire to collapse…
“The Old Roman Empire didn’t collapse over night; it was a rotting, this enigma that was planted in the dead center… it basically grew until ultimately it destroyed them. It took over three centuries before its defeat, however, as it collapsed other nations took parts and expanded their own lands over the once grand and glamour Old Roman Empire…”
And what logic was I supposed to take from this false-sounding piece of history? Perhaps I was being ignorant? 
Maybe he was just referring to that even the mighty could fall:  no matter how high in the clouds you are there is always a chance to fall? 
I didn’t talk, or ask questions, I refused to say anything; though I was letting some light of knowledge suppress my scruples, I was however still angry at his mal content.
I stood and made my way to the sliding door. Mr. Cove cleared his throat, “Sam I haven’t dismissed my class yet; I’d suggest taking your seat please.” 
I sighed, closed my eyes and pressed my head against the cold and motionless sliding door.
“Sam please, sit back down…”
A light tremor shook the ground; my eyes opened as I turned and faced Mr. Cove. The lights flickered and then shut off, windows sealed: extinguishing the warm orange shade, and blinking red and blue emergency lights turned on at every corner of the room. 
Brisk air slit through the creases of the door; I took a couple of steps back after feeling this wrenching fear goggle my being.
I gazed at Mr. Cove whose face was as bewildered as mine, “What’s happened?!”
I gasped in horror as thunderous bangs slammed against the door. Air slit trough the creases with each plow delivered; nail-grinding screeches rubbing against the metal framing: my teeth gnawed and ached with the shriek reverberation emitting throughout the sealed classroom. I covered my ears and felt this weariness shackle my legs; I fell on my knees.
Before long, after sulking to my nausea; I felt a cold hand grab my arm and drag me across the floor…

I groaned as I slowly tried to open my eyes. They felt heavier than normal-as though something held them shut. The grit scratched them with every slow blink.
Low voices conversed in the background, I couldn’t hear a word they were saying, but one voice was of a woman’s: but it didn’t sound like Ms. William.
When I opened my eyes I was presented with the same serene gloominess that comforted me behind my eyelids. A thin strip of light was coming from the cracked door. I noiselessly hopped off the bed and moved closer to the door, voices…
“Edward we don’t know what that could have been… hell for all we know it could just be some test”
“Wrong,” interrupted a man’s voice, sounding like Mr. Cove, “Rachel do you honestly believe the Council will just test their emergency rooms and allow some kind of ferocious beast out and about? No, that was something else.” The man explained seriously.
I heard the woman’s sigh.
“Perhaps you’d lower your voice please, the boy sleeps.”
I heard a chair slide over the floor. “I’ll take the plate.” Rachel said.
“Thanks dear…”
I turned to the diminishing darkness becoming more apparent with my eyes adjustment. The room was plain, one bed, that’s was all, no furnishing no nothing.
A soft tremor occurred. Before I knew it Mr. Cove and that mysterious woman named Rachel barged in my room.
“You ok Sam?” Mr. Cove said.
The woman behind him, a beautiful red haired angel, blue mesmerizing eyes, ivory skin, and lips coated with rose lip gloss, grinned at me rigorously.
I tried to speak, but croaked, embarrassed, I took a deep breath, “Wh-what’s happening?”
Rachel giggled sarcastically, “Dear if we’d only know we’d tell you… but we’re in the dark here awaiting further instructions from the Council.” She explained.
I sat on the bed, eyes weary and heart beating against my chest, I couldn’t really explain my fear, what was there to fear? Did I actually fear the situation at hand or feeling deprived and chained to this room?
“Mr. Cove, how’s Ms. William?” 
He shook his head. “I don’t know Sam,” he shrugged, “Hopefully they’re in their EMQ too…” there was little assurance in his small speech, there was something he was hiding. 
“So we’re trapped here…” and before I finished this random question blurted out, “How did we get in here in the first place?”
Mr. Cove grinned, “Well… you like past out.” he laughed, “Guess the spur of the moment took a hold of you.”
This Mr. Cove was different, he wasn’t bland, or overly critical… he was normal; like the day of my birthday. I couldn’t put my finger on it; I didn’t understand what was happening or why he was acting so differently; perhaps a conversation I might have to bring up the next time I see Ms. William.
“So Sam, how’s that calendar treating you?” He asked. “I hope I gave a good run down on how to read it! But I’m sure Ms. William wouldn’t mind teaching you if you ever forget.” He smiled graciously. 
Rachel gave me another breathtaking smile and then left.
I turned to Mr. Cove, “It’s nice, and thanks a lot Mr. Cove.” I replied. 
There wasn’t really anything else I could say, I could have sworn I already gave him my gratitude towards the subject, but apparently he wasn’t paying attention. I took a deep breath.
“Are you hungry Sam?” 
I nodded, I couldn’t even make eye contact with this new Mr. Cove, or what Rachel called him: Edward Cove. This strange feeling of uncomforted shackled all other senses. This natural feeling, could it be severed somehow?
“Hey Rachel, sweets, could you possibly round our guest some chomp?” Mr. Cove said earnestly.
Rachel appeared in the door, her face brightened with a big smile “Of course, what would you like honey?” 
Her flawless features and grasping hazel eyes were enough to strangle my train of thought, “Anything… c-chicken?” I muttered.
“That can be arranged,” she said, “Anything else?”
I shook my head.
“Ok, well I’ll make you a little something.” Rachel said as she turned around and then left.
“She’s an excellent cook, Sam,” Mr. Cove implied, “We just had some hot tea and her specially made warm cinnamon bread… it was fabulous… apparently they pack these places full of goodies!”
“Yeah, apparently… do you know her?” I interrupted, I was truly nosy.
Mr. Cove scowled, “Well-personally… no, I know her about as well as I know your caretaker, Ms. William… we’re not allowed to have certain bonds or friendships with the opposite sex you see.” He explained, his voice less keen and more ominous and insipid… like normal Mr. Cove.
“Thankfully all that is thrown aside in these rooms so I can actually act myself… you know how terrible it feels to have to mask my own being? The personality I was grown to love, to see every day of my youth, to inspire people with? The Council has emancipated nothing…”
“What do you mean?”  
He sighed and crossed his arms over his chest, “Each EMQ room inside commercial buildings like this are connected with another room-which so happens to be Rachel’s… I swear to you I’ve never met my neighboring teacher until now, but conversing while you were asleep has had me thinking I’ve known her for quite some time… like perhaps I’ve met her before,” his voice lowered substantially, to the point of a whisper, “And how are you feeling by the way? You gave me quite a scare when you just clomped out that like.”
I nodded, “I… ugh, I feel a lot better,” I grimaced, my head felt terrible, as though little prickly thorns were pressing against my temples simultaneously. Everything became blurry…
“Sam,” I felt Mr. Cove shake me, “Sam you ok? Sam… Sam! Rachel come immediate.”

“How was your stay Sam?” A familiar voice asked.
I opened my eyes to catch a glimpse of Doctor Harris Brown, his creased face and compelling eyes stared down at me with a smirk. I gasped.
“Relax, everything will be ok Sam… you remember me don’t you?” Dr. Harris asked very friendly and cautiously, “As you can see I’ve uh,” he giggled, “Shaved my beard and mustache, but it’s still me.” He rubbed his smooth chin and grin meticulously.
There he was again, the same man who released me from my chamber, standing as he did before me when he first saw me and freed me. His same white coat and clipboard, spectacles barely stationed securely from his nose it was him.
“Where am I?” I said, my voice hoarse and dry.
“You’re in a safe place now, you’re home… and I have your medicine here,” next to my night table there was silver tray with a glass of water and three red pills. Dr. Harris pulled a small canister from his coat’s pocket and sprayed his hand with disinfectant. He took the glass of water and three red pills and handed them to me.
“Thanks.” I said nervously. 
I was truly horrified, I didn’t know what to do or say, this man, this Dr. Harris, he was a wanted man… but he was here in my room relaxed without a care in the world.
“Why are you here?” I whispered.
He grinned at me, “Why else would I be here, you suddenly plopped inside the EMQ room… you had Mr. Cove and Ms. Benning worried sick until the situation was taken care of… and when Ms. William found out she was dismayed.” He explained precisely, not answering my exact question: I actually meant why he was here, standing in front of me in person.
“N-no, I meant, why uh…” I groaned, my head felt woozy again, “Why… why are h-here…..

---
Chapter
20
A Trace Lost
---
I gasped awake, springing up hyperventilating…
“Oh sweetie are you ok?” Ms. William said worried as she pressed her brisk hands over my forehead, “No fever, thank goodness!” She said ecstatic. 
My lips quivered, “Ms. William w-what happened, I-I mean I was in this EMQ room and-and then a second later I’m here…”
She pressed her finger against my lips, “Shhh, nothing to worry about ok… it was just some accident that happened that left some deranged fiend out and about, roaming the courtyards without moderation… just a wolf…”
“A what?”
“A wolf, a grizzly beast with fur, sharp paws… and a long nozzle type noise… they have unparalleled senses for blood.” she giggled. “One must have broken free from the Preservation Zone outside our facility.”
I closed my eyes and set my head back down on the comforting pillow, my breathing eased. I’ve heard enough nonsense, my mind was fatigued: to be quite honest my entire being was; weariness just exuding throughout. I crunched my eyes until the darkness ceased and bright auroras of sparkling lights twirled throughout the back of my eyelids… the peace was satisfying until Dr. Harris’s face vividly appeared in my thoughts: I panted.  
Ms. William’s hand grasped a hold of my shoulder, “You ok?”
I opened my eyes and took sight of her beautiful sapphire eyes, “Who was that doctor that was in here with me?”
Ms. William sat next to me, she was silent, and face expressionless: thinking perhaps? 
“There wasn’t a doctor honey, Mr. Cove just carried you here and then left… perhaps it was Mr. Cove you mistook for a doctor when you were passing out,” she laughed a bit uncomfortably.
I hesitated my reply, “No, no…” I cleared my dry throat, “Just forget… so-so were you inside an EMQ room too?”
She laughed, “Of course I was… it was a mandatory thing we had to do unfortunately... I mean they don’t just prop open for no reason Sam… it’s for our safety, and this time I don’t think it was a test. To be honest with you I’ve never had a real emergency like that… it’s strange that it would start now”
“And what about the sky though… I-I mean before I went to class however long ago it was… it was really black”
“Oh, honey, trust me, the sky’s appearance has nothing to do with anything bad going to occur. Even though in certain books of course the sky’s presence is sometimes concluded to a character’s well being: as though sadness and peril were soon to strike…but,” she pursed her lips and smiled innocently at me, her light pink lipstick slightly glazing like ice with the touch of the sun beaming down from the window. 
I believe something clicked, like a light bulb turned on, “Everything will be okay, there’s nothing to worry about… and,” she sighed diligently, “Mr. Cove removed you from his class and placed you under a Student Management Program… I tried to talk him out of it but he started yapping about how you weren’t paying attention, this and that… ugh, it was so annoying, I just gave in and just said ok, that’s fine.” She said.
I groaned, “Ok… and what exactly is this program?”
She grinned, “Well… it’s some stupidly easy program… honestly it’s completely ridiculous in my opinion just a waste of time… and, and,” she lolled like a child, I nervously chuckled beneath my breath at her reaction.
“Sweetie you’ll be just fine, it just teaches you… ah hell: it’s just another way of passing you to another teacher…” she stood and made her way to the door, “I’m going to fix you up some food ok, and we can talk some later.” She left.
I felt infuriated; how could I have been the only person to have seen Dr. Harris, was I becoming ill again? Could it have been some kind of illusion playing tricks on me? I didn’t know what it could be and pondering only brought ache to my already exhausted conscious.
And then Mr. Cove, his sorry… hypocritical, I couldn’t stand even thinking about him. Calling me a spoiled child… I mean what nerve does he have to say such a thing… and then him acting so awkward and unlike himself in the EMQ room?
I anticipated a different story other than what Ms. William had told me about this ferocious beast roaming rampant throughout the area, I was expecting some sugarcoated unreality as always; Mr. Cove and Rachel didn’t even mention what was out there to and pretended they knew nothing... of course from what little I overheard them talk proved otherwise.
I tightened my fist, I felt outraged.
Ms. William appeared at the door way, “Breakfast is almost done sweetie, you can come to the kitchen…” she grinned at me, “Why are you still sitting there anyways, aren’t you hungry?”
I nodded, “I’m starving Ms. William.” I said.

I remained quiet; I couldn’t keep my mind off of Dr. Harris, I didn’t know if it was my mind playing tricks on me, but I know, I know it was too real to be some dream.
“What’s on your mind?” Ms. William asked.
I sighed, “Nothing”
“Obviously something dear”
I twiddled with my fingers and stared at the table trying to come up with a proper false to convince Ms. William I was ok, “Wondering if Amy’s ok,” I quickly lied.
Ms. William smiled, “She’s fine, Sam, I spoke to Amber not too long ago.”
“How long has it been since that thing with the EMQ room happened?” I was truly curious, last time I passed out I was out for three days. 
She shuddered, “Not long, it happened yesterday afternoon… it’s only like eight A.M Sam,” she informed me, “Anyways, I’m making some eggs and bacon!” 
I grinned slightly remembering the last thing I asked for before I woke up back in bed was chicken. Rachel came to mind too, her beautiful hazel eyes and burning red hair, I sat there motionlessly just imagining her angelic complexion.
I felt Ms. William tap my shoulder, “Here,” she slid the plate full of scrambled eggs and sliced bacon, “Enjoy!” She implied overly excited.

I sat cuddled up near the riverbed, arms wrapped around my knees, rocking myself back and forth just staring aimlessly into the murky gurgling water running by. The sky was still disturbing, black and flowing awfully unnatural with a very misty rain descending in wisps of sheets. 
There was this odd feeling circulating around me, I didn’t know what it was or how to comprehend its troubling essence, nevertheless find a cure for it… I felt weary and exasperated.
“It’s a bit dangerous to be roaming around unsupervised Sam,” Oliver said.
I turned my head and saw he was sitting, arms crossed, on a rock not too far from me; he grinned at me, “Supposedly the Council has yet to release any information concerning that little incident.”
“But wouldn’t that mean we’d be locked in the EMQ rooms still?” I quickly added.
Oliver shook his head, “In a way no, but in another perspective perhaps being confined in that room would be safer… I don’t know if I’ve told you but I’m one of the ones in charge in capturing abnormalities.” He smirked.
“Good day,” said a mysterious voice before I could ask about this abnormality; the man’s footsteps were approaching us from the bushy area to our left, “Fine afternoon.” 
Oliver laughed, “Quite a welcome John.”
John, a tall and slender man, baldhead, completely dressed in a black suit, and hands covered by leathery black gloves, sat besides Oliver. His black shoes glazed majestically as though they were surrounded by a glistening aura of light. I sat perplexed and scared, what if this man was one of those Council members?
He saw me eyeing his unusually familiar attire, “You must be Sam,” he said delighted, “Reese has said a lot about you.” John kindly smirked at me.
“This boy right here has quite a road ahead”
“Yeah,” I said sarcastically, “One whose LCP is classified,” I stuck my tongue out at Oliver, he chuckled.
“Rare.” John alleged.
“Indeed, very.” Oliver muttered.
After a prolonged moment of uncomfortable silence I said, “Do you know Reese?” 
John nodded, “That’s right.” He affixed adequately, “He’s told me about your little mission,” he turned to Oliver, “Know that old Dr. Harris figure?”
Oliver’s face turned grave, “Of course… who hasn’t…”
“He released Sam here… without any clearance and somehow was able to walk freely without our cameras or security AI knowing this… he slipped through a blind spot and none of us know exactly how.” John explained.
Oliver shook his head rather dismayed, “That’s unbelievable… why didn’t I know of this?”
“It was classified… but now that he has yet again appeared in our radar we need you and your Myrmidons to assist in his capturing.”
“What about that beast?” Oliver quickly protested.  
John took a deep breath, “We’ll have to postpone it for a bit I guess… I’ll see if any of my S.S Monitors could possibly take it from here,” John turned to me, “All this you’re hearing mustn’t be told to anyone ok Sam?”
I nodded.
“We were informed by Jane that you mentioned Dr. Harris, is that correct Sam?” John asked.
“Y-yeah… he-he appeared in my room earlier today before...”
“Wait, wait, are you telling me that you saw him today?” 
“Yeah,” I said, repeating myself. 
Was it that complicated to comprehend that he was in my room this morning before dawn even broke. I told Ms. William and she didn’t believe me, but they heard me mention him through Jane and now they’re searching for him, but they can’t believe he was in my room: which was the entire reason I mentioned him in the first place.
“How come Jane didn’t see anything or mention even witnessing an illicit wandering in your room?” John quickly remarked.
“I don’t know, I-I mean don’t AI’s go idle or something”
Rumbling shook the ground.
“We’ll have to finish this discussion at a later time Sam. Oliver be with your business and Sam get going home as quickly as possible,” he turned to me, his face serious, “I’ll contact you at a later time ok, I’ll discuss matters with the Council Officials and we’ll end Dr. Harris’s reign.”
Before I could say anything John and Oliver, they were already gone. I blinked, shook my head, and they were still gone; so quickly, invisibly. I shuddered.
“Discuss matters with the Council about Dr. Harris’s reign?” I whispered uncomfortably trying to decipher all these awkward things John was talking about. 
I closed my eyes and tried to envision the times I did witness this mysterious ghost, but this vacant space bloated my conscious… I lost all trace, not a single recollection of the moments I stood next to him, looked into his eyes.

---
Chapter
21
Crack of Dawn
---

I came in and Ms. William was sitting soundly next to her desk reading that book. She lowered her reading glasses and gave me a grin, “Hey honey, I have interesting news!” She said. 
Her complexion was a bit brighter; her mascara, light pink making her cheeks lush and attractive, she seemed so youthful, elegant, like a princess waiting for her gallant knight to take her away. I grinned back and then slumped on chair. I set my head on the table and closed my eyes, “What’s the news?” I mumbled unenthused.
She was a bit hesitant to reply, perhaps my apparent distaste of her overly unexciting news got to her, “Well you’ll begin with your new teacher tomorrow… now a bit earlier too Sam… umm, she sent me a text stating: ten A.M.”
I groaned, “Great!”
She shuffled through my hair; her nails scratching my scallop and warm fingers rubbing against my temples; it was relaxing, making my entire being numb and ready to combust in an endless siesta.
“The good news is you’ll be leaving earlier,” she said into my ear, “And you’ll have more time to go see Amy!”
Amy…
That night I was restless; dwindled by the lack of enthusiasm about tomorrow’s coming… a new day and a new teacher; have to wake up earlier now… unbelievably absurd.
The following morning the warm rays of the sun woke me up; I didn’t even hear an alarm ding or anything. I checked Jane and her screen was idle, on the bottom right the time stated: 8:42 A.M.
Next to me, on my night table, a silver tray, three red pills, and a glass of water were placed without me being conscious about it: I stared at it a bit dazzled. Could Ms. William have placed this here? Without another question I took the pills down with one gulp of water.
“Good morning Sam,” Jane’s robotic voice said in the most unwelcoming voice I’ve heard her monotonous voice say; do AI’s have mood swings now? I giggled amused at my ridiculous thought.
“Hi Jane.” I quickly remarked with my own uninterested and unpleased voice.
“You’re to leave at 9:30 A.M from the new teacher’s request, her name: Ms. Benning. Her room and location will be automatically added as soon as you enter the Jefferson Building; move along until a door opens. Okay?”
“Uh ok.” I said and then just left the room.
The kitchen was brighter than usual; all the windows were opened, including the small-round window that was normally sealed on the front door. It was wonderful, the tile glazing with the sun’s orange touch, and itty-bitty specks of dust floating about, magnificent.
On the table a silver tray full of apples, biscuits, and, some strange round pastry thing covered in chocolate and colorful sprinkles. I grabbed this unusually crafted piece of pastry and dug my teeth into the sweet and buttery chocolate; the small dots crunched under the prow of my jaw and brought a different taste, something syrupy, like caramel.
After taking a couple of nibbles and bites from the rest of the food I left and did my share of affairs in the bathroom before Jane yelped in my ear to hurry up and get to class before I was late, as usual. I stared at myself, my eyes were a lot brighter today than normal, that very light green almost glowing like the sun.
When I walked out of the bathroom Ms. William was sitting down on the chair next to the table, leg folded over her thigh, and hands munching on a red apple. She looked elegant like she came out of work to take me to class personally as she did before with Mr. Cove; that was the only explanation I had to her unexpected appearance.
“Hey Ms. William,” I said a bit croaky and nervous, didn’t really know why, but my hands quivered, I had to dig them in my pockets just to compress this unusual coldness paralyzing my being.
“Hey sweetie,” she said in her usual overly-happy voice, “Ms. Benning requested for my presence at our first class today”
“Does this like… um, take me off my progression between classes?” I don’t know what brought me into asking this question, it just blurted out of my mouth.
“Of course not, this is just… the same class as Mr. Cove teaches-it was just an excuse for him to take his leave Sam.” She explained a bit colder.
I didn’t dwell on it too much, I just nodded and stomped my foot on the floor; straightened my posture and gave her the smile she deserved.
“I’m ready I guess,” I chuckled.
She giggled back, “Okay, come.”

We made our way past the courtyard and vacant playground, sun in the cloudless sky embracing us with its warm touch. Ms. William was taller today than normal; she had these black-glossy heels on, a short tight skirt, and light blue blouse; her hair tied in a pony-tail and small purse over her shoulder. 
Click, click, click went her heels against the concrete ground, I was smirking as I stared at her: I mean she was strikingly gorgeous, but this was a bit beyond her normal simple beauty look I was so accustomed to… I guess looks change regularly?
The automatic doors opened and the cool breeze swept past like a brisk whip of wind. We walked aimlessly down endless corridors of white tile, cream-color and windowless walls until finally a random door slid open. 
Finally: I heard Ms. William murmur; she straightened her blouse, pressed down on her skirt, and, using her hand, somewhat combed her hair to the side.
“This is it.” She said. “Come.” I followed her clicking heels inside this dim room.
We entered, and to my surprise there was another student here, a very pale girl, brunette hair, hazel eyes, and pink flush cheeks with bits of freckles, smiled at me politely: I grinned back.
Ms. William looked delighted, “Oh my gosh, Rebecca!” She clicked over to her and gave her a half hug, “How’s your mother doing?”
“It’s great seeing you Ms. Elizabeth,” her smile captured me, I stared glued at her hazel eyes: beautiful, but this was a different kind of beauty, something that was majestic, something that didn’t-couldn’t compare with the same features I’m so acclimatized to seeing… 
“My mother is doing fantastic, beautiful as always, in her unbelievable perfection.” She said a bit sarcastically, her disdain obviously made Ms. William giggle: but I however was oblivious to her inside joke.
“I didn’t know you were in this class too!” She turned to me, as though she were presenting a presentation, “This is my boy, Sam… I’m glad, so glad he’s finally going to get company instead of solo with his previous teacher.”
Her smooth, chocolate eyes caught sight of me, she nodded and smiled warmly: she turned back to Ms. William. 
“Who was his teacher?” Rebecca asked; her same bright smile firm.
“Mr. Cove.” Ms. William said bitterly.
“Oh,” she smirked, “Have yet to hear of him.”
Her dialect was different, I couldn’t explain it, or even justify what or where it could have come from: I loved it.
“Sam dear this is Rebecca, a daughter to one of my dearest friends Ms. Malcolm”
“Becca!” Rebecca quickly remarked.
“Of course,” Ms. William rolled her eyes. “I’m sorry beautiful Becca.”
 “Well I’m glad we’re all formally acquainted.” Said a dry and hard voice, “I’m Ms. Benning and I’m the teacher.”
Ms. Benning, the red haired angel, sat unapparent on the far right corner of the room: she gave me a crooked smile and a wink, “Thank you Ms. William. I’ll take it from here, and you may take your leave and go about your daily business as the Council instructs you to do. I’ll talk to you later and send you texts about Sam’s progress throughout my course.”  
Ms. William nodded, gave one last smile to Rebecca, hugged me, and then left. 
The wall sealed itself.
“Sam, please take your seat next to Rebecca, and our course shall commence,” she clapped her hands: windows sealed, and big white board covering the front wall turned black: Loading… on the bottom right.
“Hi,” I whispered, Rebecca grinned at me.
“Now, Sam please don’t let that behavior that brought you to me continue to dwell; my classroom is not a playground; it’s a place for education and we must not let our little time be spent on useless chitchat: understand?”
I nodded.
“Good, now, Ms. Rebecca, please explain what we were studying before we left yesterday.” Ms. Benning said.
“Um… ok…” Rebecca gave me a panicked stare, “Well… we were talking about the structure of speeches.”
“Indeed, and please give me the speech you wrote yesterday.”
“Uh Ms. Benning I completely forgot about it… I handed it back to you remember.”
“And you can’t remember what was written down on your own piece of paper Ms. Rebecca; is there some sort of malfunction occurring in your memory that could possibly cause your own writing to flutter away into the vacant abyss in the corner of your brain? 
Unacceptable, I will not condone such irresponsibility out of my students, and you know what kind of caliber I teach too so why not instead of mopping about not remembering your speech and just say another one altogether: why not impress me...” 
Her cold words even hit me.
Her cheeks turned bright red, “Yes Ma`am.”
“Well?” Ms. Benning turned to me, “Sam, may you share a speech?”
“I-I… ok I guess,” I stood up and watched Rebecca slump down on the chair, her eyes ready to overflow…
I stood there for a second, and wandered about trying to find some sort of connection into how exactly communication to the masses through a speech worked: many things came to mind... out of the blue, without even remotely thinking of it: amaze, strike, inspire, humor.
I cleared my throat, took another glance back at Rebecca, and turned back to the irritated-looking Ms. Benning; tapping her pencil frantically against the desk waiting on my speech.
She cleared her throat, “Ok,” she said coldly, “Please take a seat Sam.” 
Without hearing Ms. Benning twice I took my seat; I felt relieved. 
There was this ominous vibe just spiraling around me: First Mr. Cove and now this, this what-was-suppose-to-be a fun and pleasant angel that kept me company when I was EMQ room turned out to be a monster.
“Today,” Ms. Benning rose and moved in front of the big board, “We’re going to cut to the chase and delve into the secrets of our past; the thing that has shaped everything around you to be as it is today. Read the board; afterwards I’ll explain and we’ll take a small quiz.”
The black board has white letters typing themselves hastily across the screen:

Historical Account 
Throughout the course of compromise, altercations, and consensuses, there was an equilibrium inquiry that was ahead of most marvel and dismal Kings’, Emperors’ and Presidents’ equilibrium in a sense of community, communications, alterations, and other necessary allocations to house civilizations to thrive, exist, and not disappear due to lack of nutrition, disease, and or destruction, vanishing, and panic: that could more than likely be caused by the uproars of wars.

Compleace Vocabularial Clarity:
War: Miscommunications that wrought bad confrontations: Caused by Religious movements, power-hungry Kings or Victors, and wide-spread panic.
Equilibrium: Fancy word meaning “A Set Balance.”

Pre Emporia Period: 
301 B.E.C

The screen was black; the final line being: 301 B. E. C.
“Now,” Ms. Benning said, “The first period we’re going to talk about is Emporia. What we’re going to understand is that though civilization’s technological advancement was but a puff of smoke wafting with a steady breeze; without something you can’t have anything. 
“In 301 B.E.C life was subject to survival”
The white board flickered; Loading… on the bottom right: words typed themselves on the board:
Survival: To endure; have will to stand through countless turmoil and not falter.
Turmoil: Threshold of confusion that ignites catastrophe to devastate empires and individual people.
Falter: To hesitate and fall short of the goal that was set in place.

Ms. Benning abruptly cleared her throat.
“These three individual words have a surprising meaning on Emporia’s Historical Accounts and we’ll finally begin our studies on the Emporia Period with the first Historical Hero Arresto Alaver Marques….”
Ms. Benning’s uncanny blabber was justified with Rebecca’s elegant aurora of splendor, here and there I took my attention off Ms. Benning to unobtrusively stare at this glamorous seraph sitting next to me. Her beauty was not mundane plagued by the same blue eyes and golden hair, it was different, unique.
“Arresto was not gifted with any special forms of prowess granted by gods; he was but a man determined to free those countless slaves and peasants that were confined by Arch Emperor Xavier Palestine and perhaps make a new society that wasn’t confined to slavery and sovereignty after he overthrows Xavier; of course however, it wouldn’t be good history unless it had its ups and downs, and in this time period: from what these ancient tomes say: there was plenty of trauma and drama to entertain an entire audience. 
“Arresto knew Xavier before he became Emperor. They grew up together in a small farming community outside the Grand Empire of Solace called: Aventura. I’ll discuss as to how exactly Xavier came into power on a later note. More than likely we will not finish with the Emporia period in today’s class.” 
Ms. Benning sighed and rubbed her temples, she looked annoyed, could reading this be that tedious? 
“Arresto’s father, Allecro Salvador Marques was a highly motivating man and well respected by the villagers. Allecro knew Emperor Leonardo De`mar quite well… De`mar wasn’t menacing or overpowering as Xavier had become: he was friendly to his people. He greeted them with compassion, had drinks with them like friends, and looked over their needs.
“Arresto found a different form of fighting; as discreetly as possible mainly because the Emperor’s Nobles were always about and curious to the next big gossip and of course: to make favor with the Emperor to raise the planks… Arresto made up his own gossip. He began going about inside the church and arranged false chitchat between individual people he talked to beforehand and spoke of random High Nobles who were close to the Emperor; saying things like: the overthrow of Xavier Palestine, the Nobles rising to take control of the throne; and a host of other things to wind up and bring insecurity to Xavier Palestine’s rule…
“Ironically, as I stated before, Xavier was once Arresto’s friend, but forgot about him with his rising glory… who else to go to but to Arresto…. Let me move off the subject and bring something a bit eccentric into perspective. I’ve read a lot… perhaps more than you’d imagine. look I don’t know if these Historical Accounts are accurate or even if they were crafted by some forerunner to-to give us some kind of… I don’t know-outlook from the past… I mean” 
Ms. Benning rolled her eyes as she leaned her head against the chair, “Both of you please understand, you either choose to believe this or not ok, I personally do not want you to have a mindset that everything you read is an actuality… remember anything, I mean anything can be altered: to a degree that makes a certain individual look better than the other.
“I am here teaching you this history that I’ve read hundreds of times, but I’ve also kept an open mind, because however splendid something may sound, there is always some sort of modification that’s in effect… something is concluded in all of this, and it sounds like its crafted in order to give a message, to give some sort of meaning that plays a role in our lives.
It’s always good to look at the past, we learn from mistakes, we read it, we see the possible consequence, but how do we know it will happen as it did in the past? How do we know that by making this simple mistake it would lead to this ultimatum? We don’t, because every individual thinks differently… their actions are done to further their belief, their power, and perhaps their society, it’s all a matter of who it is, and what that individual’s intentions are.”
Ms. Benning cleared her throat, “Now pressing on…”
Was I ill conceived? Did I just get a small hitch of Ms. Benning’s true personality right there? I tried my best not to grin but I cracked…
I didn’t even have time to talk to Rebecca. She left so quickly after the class: disappeared without a trace. I walked out into the courtyard and I didn’t catch another glimpse of her. I sighed assiduously and staggered through the unfilled courtyard; I had no eagerness at all, not after being placed in another class with another uninspiring professor… ugh, so tedious and irritating.
I glanced around my surroundings to make sure no one was around, if ever, I chuckled deliriously at my cunning obliviousness, and stepped off the sidewalk and made my way through the perfectly cut grass towards the shrouded bushes and tall mass of trees that covered my special place.

Like usual, the riverside felt tranquil and balmy; I laid relaxingly on the riverbed my head resting against my arms, legs outstretched, feet dangling over the edge.
“Sam,” said a familiarly soft voice.
I opened my eyes to catch sight of Amy, “Amy!” I said startled as I rose from the ground so fast that my head became woozy, “H-how did you know I was… here?”
She smirked, “I um… kind of followed you here,” her cheeks reddened, her smile wide, “So… how long have you known of this place?” Amy asked as she timidly stepped forward closer to the riverbed.
“For a bit,” I replied, “Beautiful isn’t it?”
“Yes! Exquisite!” She over-implied, grinning rigorously amused at herself, “A new word we learned Sam! It means beyond beautiful,” her blue eyes twinkled with the river’s diamond glittering surface.
I smirked, “I like it.” I said and sat down on prickly moist grass. I curled and rocked myself a bit; there was some sort of portentous feeling just spiraling about that kept me conscious, I was afraid if Oliver found Amy and I here, or what if John found out, I couldn’t put Amy in this predicament… what actions would they be force to condone upon her. 
I for one was already impelling at this freedom I’ve been given, I mean if it weren’t for my knowledge of Dr. Harris would I be given this freedom; or would I have been already prosecuted?   
Amy sat next to me, “So Sam, mom told me they put you in a different class… how’s that turning out?”
I mused for a second trying my best to come up with the word to describe the wondrous unrelenting enthusiasm that Ms. Benning expressed in my first class with her, “Ms. Benning is… bland like Mr. Cove,” I sighed, “I don’t know Amy, I guess I’ll have to get used to it.”
“Well, at least next school year you’ll get to suffer with others too Sam.”
“Huh… what do you mean?” I asked lucidly; her words were a bit vivacious and wry.
“Mom told me the Council is going to roster multiple students per teacher next year, so you’ll have company...” her voice was lacking keenness; obviously she was choked up by the fact that they were going to do this after her final year here. 
I was however aware of this: Ms. William did in fact inform me; but I never really gave it much thought.
The silence was a bit uncomforting, especially since this was Amy! How can I be and feel this sore around her, my lips wouldn’t budge, all I could do was stare aimlessly across the river, my eyes not once connecting with hers yet.
“You ok Sam?” She asked a bit monotonously.
I tried my best to grin, “Of course I am Amy,” I said as believably as I possibly could.
I heard her sigh, it sank my heart with such emotional strain that I felt my lips numb up more. She set her head on my shoulder; her cotton soft hair brushed over my skin like silk.
“I’m scared Sam,” her warm breath touched my skin and her smooth, minty breath, raised the hair on the back of my neck, “It-it’s closing in already,” she whispered, “It’s coming faster and faster every day that passes by…”
“Huh… what’s approaching, what are you talking about?”
I felt a cool drop of water slither down my neck and down my back, “I-I can’t tell you Sam…” she croaked.
“You’re afraid of your LCP aren’t you?”
“I am… and-and I don’t want to tell mom about it either. So please Sam… don’t say anything about this to anyone.” She pleaded.
“I won’t Amy, I promise…”
Her grip tightened around me.
“Stay with me Sam… I-I don’t want to go home yet…” 
“I won’t.” I warmly replied.
“You promise?” She said voice slightly dozing off.
“I promise…” 
It was nearly dusk and the same cool breeze swept along the riverbed bringing in twinkling specks of pollen like stars in twilight. Amy was cuddled on my arms resting soundly. I stared at the orange sky; the sun nearly setting behind the batch of trees past the lively river.
“Hey Amy,” I whispered, “It’s nearly sunset, we should get going home…”
She opened her eyes slowly and then squinted at the sight of the setting sun, “Mm’k,” she said rather enervated as she closed her eyes.
I kept on pondering though; wondering what exactly could Amy’s LCP have stated that has made her dread it so much; should I feel the same way; should I dread my classified LCP? Just musing over it left my heartbeat racing frantically.
I managed to slip Amy off my arm and rest her head gently on the grass: she remained sleeping sound. I stretched and move closer to the river’s edge and stared at its burning, glittering surface.
I heard Amy’s supple groan and listened to her shuffle across the grass, “How long was I out Sam?”
I turned to her, “Eh…,” I grinned, “I lost track of time. But seeing that the sun is due to set...”
She giggled, “Cleary quite a while Sam!”
“I think we should get going before.”
“Mm-mm,” Amy neglected quickly, “We’re going to stay and look at the stars Sam! I have never seen them before.” She lavishly fluttered her hands in the air and danced blissfully, “Come Sam, come! Dance with me!”
I grinned rigorously at her cunning attractiveness blooming to life with her flawless personality dancing admits the golden blaze of the setting sun. I couldn’t help but join her and start wobbling around, dancing wildly to the sooth rhythm of the dashing river. 
She wrapped her hands around my neck, her burning eyes just embracing me with her stare, and twirled around together until we fell on the grass and rolled to a stop.
“Thank you Sam.” Amy said softly as her lips touched mine.
“For what?” I added.
“For giving me the pleasure of getting to know you.”
My heartbeat pounded against my chest; my face flush and red, I tried my best to suppress my hyperventilation but the potency of this unnatural urge slit through my veins uncontrollably. I had to push Amy off
“Please Amy, this doesn’t feel right, we’ve got to get going home,” I rose and inclined my hand to assist her up, “Come-the stars will have to wait for another day.”
Amy slapped my hand away and sat down on the ground; arms crossed and eyes squinted, trying her best to ignore my keen and surprised gesture at her childish attitude, “We’re going to see the stars Sam!” She insisted.
I didn’t feel like arguing so I nodded and accepted the fact Amy wasn’t going to budge from her spot, so I just sat next to her.
I was a bit nervous, and this was brought by a bunch of little things like for starters: I felt famished, not only that but I was afraid of the consequence staying here would bring. I didn’t normally think of the future much but I was doing so now, I gave no rationalization to give Ms. William a peace of mind as to where I am, not only that that monster-thing was still out and about too. My head felt due to implode with all my rampant thoughts… but my main concern was Amy’s safety.
Before I knew it something had occurred, there was something missing, a noise I was accustomed to vanished: the explosive combustion of the river’s roar had gone quiet. I quickly got on my four and crawled closer to the edge. The water died down to a small steady streak of water burrowed in a giant trench. I stared jaw-dropped. I dug my hands deep into the moist soil until my entire fist had mud gushing from the sides.
“Wh-what happened?” I said grimly, “The water is gone!” 
I felt deprived; the sonata of tranquility had vanished before my eyes vanished before I even noticed its departure. How could I have been so absentminded? Was Amy’s chatter or admiration more important to me than this sacred place? 
Amy was over me staring down into the trench, startled, “Where did the water go Sam?” 
Irritated, my sudden rise left me baffled momentarily as the ground beneath my feet collapsed and left me barreling down the trench until I landed face-flat in the mud with a loud splat. My muscles wouldn’t budge, only throbbing enveloping my entire being; every part of my body was numb, the cold, warm feeling running down the back of my head had me wondering if it was muddy water or blood. I heard Amy’s distorted yelp in the background; my brain couldn’t quite decipher her exact chatter.

“Sam,” I felt a tap on my shoulder, “Sam you ok?” It was clearly Amy’s comforting voice.
I managed to open my eyes and catch the blazing red dusk sky still at bloom, “H-how long was I out?” I shrugged and groaned at my gnawing headache.
“Um,” she giggled as I felt her cotton soft hands press against my forehead, “Like four minutes… maybe less; I’m surprised you sprung to conscious so quickly.” I managed to squint my eyes long enough to catch her perfect face full of sympathy and worry embrace me with a warm smile.
My body’s full motion was back in my control. I staggered to stoop over to see myself covered in mud and completely soaked from head to toe. Amy however managed to keep herself clean, only her feet doused in mud.
Amy helped me up. I straightened and stretched my arms high: I felt Amy wrap her arms around me tightly, “I’m so happy you’re ok Sam! I panicked when I saw you fall,” she rested her chin on my shoulder, she sniffled, “You’re all wet,” she giggled.
I chuckled lightly, “Obviously.”
“I’m ready to go home Sam.”
“So am I.” I replied.
My heartbeat quickened as I stared down the vacant cavity where the river once flowed. It was endless, extending far beyond my eyes could see on either side; I was petrified. Amy had already climbed up the trench before I even noticed she wasn’t in my arms anymore.
I stood there arms dangling by my side, head arched forward staring aimless to the mush black soil. The wind howled awkwardly vicious through the trench, like a whimpering wolf.
“Are you coming Sam?” Amy’s arms were on her hips as her foot tapped on the ground impatiently.
“Amy you can go,” I hesitated for a second and turned around, staring up at the opposite end of the trench, “I want to check something out”
“Sam!” She bellowed, “You don’t plan on crossing to the other side d-do you?” Her voice was weighty.
I nodded, “Uh yeah”
“Sam please don’t go, please don’t go!” She pleaded, “I don’t want you getting in trouble”
I giggled, “I’ll be fine Amy-it’s you I’m worried more about than myself,” I turned to her and caught her dread-filled face, “Best that you leave.”
I said my farewell to Amy and continued on. I climbed the steep slope, sliding down and splashing into the mud a couple of times too, joy, but I managed to spring myself up to the other side of the riverbed. 
I laid on the cool grass for some time just staring into the almost night sky; strands of thin clouds slithered overhead with the perfect breeze sweeping and shivering the grass. I laid stiff for a bit; for one I was truly cold, my wet attire stuck to my skin like glue, and second I felt hypocritical after just sending Amy off that way, she so wholeheartedly wanted to witness a night sky… I did care for her. But I was unaware if this feeling was that term: Love or just some kind of bond I formed with her since she was the always the only person I’d ever, apart from Ms. William, sit down and conversed with.
I turned and faced the thick forest ahead of me-paranoia had crippled me for a second there, like I felt overwhelmed by this. Was I really pushing my luck beyond its threshold by venturing about like this? I grinned. Nevertheless I did question all the freedom I have been given-and here I am taking advantage of that; but curiosity was just stabbing into my side. I want to see this outside world; I want to see the things Mary talked to me about: not be deprived, confined as I was back in my Consolation Chamber… somewhere out there.

I made my way through the thick forest, rustling the piles leaves beneath my feet, finally seeing small blotches of bare brown soil throughout the forest floor. Imperfection: natural, not aberrant. 
I continued, on and on, the view never changed, just a series of endless cluttered trees throughout my perimeter. I came across a small and perfectly round, open meadow; beautiful red roses carpeted throughout like a natural work of art. But I knew it was too good to be true, not even nature can generate such perfection. I peered up into the sky to only see the pale bleached outcast of a beautiful dawn day. I fell on my knees, jaw-dropped, perplexed beyond the shadow of a doubt, there was no night.
Ache ravaged me; my heartbeat quickened, and slammed against my chest like a fist battering against a hallow wall. 
A brisk breeze brushed through the forest; the leaves rustled and the flowers danced. A spread of dark clouds hovered overhead and took the beautiful dawn blue and tainted to this black and grey mash of disorientation, crackling and sending powerful earth-quivering thunder to exude and howl all-around the forest. Seconds later sheets of small beads of icy water began to fall.
The agonizing tension grasping my chest left me weary. My eyes became heavy, my sight blurry, I felt certain to capsize any moment.
“It’s a beauty isn’t it?” A familiarly cold voice said, “Without a doubt nature’s prowess has shaped this meadow quite well-oh,” the next set of words was muffled by the sudden intensifying rain and whip of gusts.
I tried to focus my eyes on this approaching blurred figure, “Oliver?” I said at first; it was the first name to come to mind since he always somehow knew where I was. 
“So you’ve already met that loud-mouthed imbecile,” he chuckled, “No, no, child.”
I was finally able to recognize his voice it was him Dr. Harris Brown.
“It’s me Harris.”
“Did you,” I hesitated briefly, the pain still throbbing but lightly extinguishing, “Did you follow me here?”
Dr. Harris scoffed, “A mere inept child like you already making accusations”
“Because you’re feared… you’re-you’re being searched. Why should I trust you?” I quickly said to his little innocent remarked. 
He scoffed again, “Sam, you are growing up, as expected”
“Did you follow me?” The pain that erupted against my chest had finally seized, and my sight came back to focus. Dr. Harris’s frail puppy dog eyes seemed sad; he was hunched over, perhaps his age was finally getting to him.
“A man has to find an escape somewhere Sam.” He said halfhearted, “No, I did not follow you: you just happened to have stepped into my web,” he finally answered with some sly metaphoric connotation. 
The rain lightened, “Then why are you sought after?”
“Hasn’t the loose-tongue informed you yet?”
I shook my head, “He’s been shush about you... everyone has.”
He straightened his posture and took a deep breath, “Actions and consequences Sam, there are things that we do that bring certain unwanted, and for the most part unexpected results… and perhaps the action I did wasn’t necessarily adequate in the eyes of the Council.” Dr. Harris explained more openly.
I didn’t exactly see his rationalization, “Yet proper in your eyes?”
“Everyone has an opinion about what’s right and what’s wrong,” Dr. Harris hesitated for a brief moment, “A thing that’s been lost to everyone Sam, choice.” 
I almost stooped over. My eyes kept on losing focus in the mess of things; the drizzling water running down my face and my soaked clothes sticking to my skin, even with all these negations my tired body still wanted rest.
“Here Sam,” Dr. Harris reached into his coat’s pocket and pulled out that small canister of disinfectant. He sprayed his hands thoroughly, “Let me spray your hands.”
I stretched out my hands in front of him and he sprayed them; the cool sensation prickled for a second and then the disinfectant evaporated leaving my hands smooth as silk.
“I’m going to give you an N-Nutrition,” from his pants pocket he pulled out a prescription capsule full of pills, “Take one of these and it will keep you awake for forty-eight hours”
He handed me the pill, I stared at it for a second, it looked exactly like the red pills I took, but this time it was a green, “Is it safe?”
“Of course it is, I take them in order to keep awake. They’re perfectly healthy: I engineered them. They’re full of essential body nutrition that assists in growth and immunity to common abnormalities… in an easier note: it just does exactly what your body does when you sleep, but it does it while you’re wide awake.” He explained, “Just put it in your mouth and it dissolves, its effect is instant.” He winked at me with a big smile.
I threw the pill in my mouth and as soon as my tongue made contact it just melted and disappeared; it was tasteless. Instantly the weariness lifted off my shoulders and I felt wide-awake.
“Wow!” I said rather shocked, or perhaps it was the pill I just took that just sprung me to life, “So you make pills too?” I had to ask, it was rather intriguing that he engineered this pill.
“Yes, I am a GP Doctor that focuses on treating most of the common abnormalities that could occur in the human body, but I am also a SSA Pharmacist; I designed a host of pills: those red pills you take, I designed those too.” 
Before I could say anything he continued.
“Follow me Sam, I want to show you something.”
I stood there petrified, contemplating whether to go or not. This man here was a wanted felon.
Dr. Harris giggled beneath his breath, “Have I wronged you Sam?”
I shook my head neglecting his question. He was right, he hasn’t ever tried to hurt me once; he’s helped me.
“No”
“Then what makes you think I am going to start.” He gave me a heartwarming smile, “Come, I’m sure you’re going to enjoy what I’m going to show you.” He winked at me.

---
Chapter
22
Deprivation
---
Beams of golden sunlight slit through the trees reflecting the wet foliage that crumbled and rustled beneath our feet as Dr. Harris and I moved through this seeming almost endless stretch of forest.
It was very quiet, not a twitter of birds, or the call of beasts: just the prowess and swiftly pushing gusts of profound wind as it rattled the outstretched branches full of leaves.
“Quiet isn’t it,” Dr. Harris said as though he read my thoughts, “It wasn’t like this once Sam… once life bloomed around here.”
“What happened?”
Dr. Harris giggled, “This was once a preservation sight that housed many beautiful specimens… but upon the shift in new power the new Council President thought that preserving the life of many exotic animals would result in cataclysmic outcome.” 
Dr. Harris said amorously, he didn’t seem too convinced on the Council President’s choice.
“This entire local here… these acres and acres of barren forest land hasn’t seen life since the dark times occurred not too long ago.” He stopped for a second and pointed to his left, “Not too far off that way you’ll see an old stretch of abandoned railroad tracks, it was used to go over here, come-come, you’ll love this!” He continued on and I followed eagerly.
I was however truly curious about these Dark Times he referred to, yet he silenced my curious tongue by remarking about the train tracks. 
The end of the woods opened up with a horizon full of water that lingered beyond my eyes could see. The golden sun’s majesty gleamed across the surface with such magnificence that I was blinded momentarily.
“Magnificent isn’t it Sam?” Dr. Harris said, “A beauty that only a scarce few can witness. Go ahead, enjoy.”
I ran as fast as I could out of the woods and made my way down the slope, leaped over a small collapsed tree and landed into what felt like the smoothest sand I’ve ever felt.
I scooped up a handful of beach sand and watched it run through my fingers like water. I turned around and noticed Dr. Harris sitting comfortably on the stooped tree watching me with a big smile on his face.
“What were the dark times?” I sat Indian-style on the sand waiting patiently for his response.
He lolled and laughed, “Curious are we now huh?” He slipped off the tree and outstretched his legs, pressed his back against the trunk and took a deep breath, “Has the loose-tongued mention any of it?”
I shook my head, “No, but I recall Ms. William saying something about it.”
“Elizabeth eh? Interesting, wouldn’t have expected such an ill-conceived word to slip pass her beautiful lips,” he rubbed his chin, “The Dark Times were also a time where we as a civilization bloomed immensely… perfection was among us, life was abloom; everything you see around you had many, many people like you and I enjoying, embracing, and experiencing a carefree environment. I was...” 
He hesitated, his eyes slightly watery with the sun’s shine.
“But unforgivably… these times also brought us to where we are today, seclusion, deprivation, and isolation… and caused a split in the worlds. Everything you’re being taught is just a perversion of actual reality. The historical accounts, books, and the news that the adults read are just some made up fairytale the Council cooks up to keep the people sane… to give them that sense of living their lives. But there really isn’t anything there."
Dr. Harris rubbed his temples as he yawned.
“I defied the Council’s wishes… though most of my medical innovations and breakthroughs are used today; my sin surpassed their grievance…” Dr. Harris rose rapidly, his eyes squinted, and forehead creased, “Thomas.” He said surprised.
I turned around and saw Oliver standing stiff, upright, arms dangling by his side and eyes ablaze in that unnatural shade of blue.
“You shouldn’t get too close to him... ” Oliver had this odd stare, he muttered something I couldn’t lip read.
Dr. Harris scoffed, “If I were going to Thomas, I would have long ago… I mean no harm to him.”
“I think otherwise, then why take him to the Funerals?”
Dr. Harris’s breathing intensified, “You caused that funeral, I didn’t do a damn thing to provoke it.”
Oliver cleared his throat, “Under the order of the High Council you’ll hereby testify to the crimes you’ve committed and accept full responsibility for the Council’s...”
“I did nothing!” He screamed, he turned to me and gave me this hopeless stare of remorse.
I caused this; the search for me led them to him, because of me this innocent man will be… I felt pain, a gash in my heart: some unnatural fathom of emotional conviction. 
I didn’t know what to do: I was powerless: a child. The desperation came out with one foul blast of words: something I didn’t even think of saying, the last thing I thought I would have said: however it blurted out. 
“Leave him alone Oliver!” I bellowed at the top of my lungs, I remained glued to the ground, hands balled into to fists, “He’s not what you think Oliver he's not what you think!”
I slightly turned my head enough to catch a glimpse of Oliver from the corner of my eye.
“You don’t know him Sam.” Oliver replied, “He must,” he hesitated for a second and stared at me, I turned my head back to the ground, “Must reap what he sowed.” 
I sobbed, I couldn’t control myself. I couldn’t say another word, my lips shivered uncontrollably, hatred, perhaps hatred beyond hatred.
“I don’t want him to witness this Thomas…”
I heard Oliver sigh, “I’m truly sorry: I do wish there was some other alternative but… there is no other choice… this is how your story ends.”
“You’re wrong,” he sneered at Oliver, “This,” he began to walk towards me, my watery eyes couldn’t focus on his face, it was but a blur, “Is just one small step.” I heard him begin to laugh.
“Enough, this isn’t some joke; the Council Officials and Officers are on their way here… I suggest preparing your final words.” He warned.
I rose and faced Oliver, “Please let him g…”
~
There was this long, dark, and empty hallway stretched before me. I felt dizzy as I made my way through, stumbling with my own two feet and balancing my instability by bouncing my hands from one side of the wall to the other. Every time I stared down it felt like the floor kept on twisting and twisting…
The Dark Times were indeed prosperous Sam…
I gasped, turned my head to look behind me: nothing, nobody; not a single speck of dust, just dimness. 
But it also wrought deprivation and absolute isolation…
A piercing ache grasped a hold of my chest, “Who,” I felt out of breathe, “Caused… who caused it?”
The Funerals embedded a tragedy that forced the Council dictators and diplomats to take immediate action: seeing this turn of unexpected events the new President signed the commanding contract that radically changed our civilization and way life. 
I stooped over out of breath, “What were the Funerals?”
I wish I could tell you Sam, but you’re far too young for to comprehend that knowledge.
I covered my mouth feeling a profound eruption about to release from my mouth. I sneezed with a splatter of disgusting and thick crimson goo dripping from my hand. I stared at my uncontrollably quivering hands.
But in due time you’ll discovery many, many things, but be patient… 

---
Jake Hartman
---
Chapter
23
Conclusion
***

“Jake what were you thinking: no, no, what ARE you thinking?”
Thomas bellows.
“You know how hard it was to cover that little incident you just caused… good gracious man.”
“Just relax Thomas!” I reply. “Look, I saw Sam wandering through the old preservation zone, what am I suppose to do huh? Leave him to die?”
Thomas sighs and straightens his posture. “That’s almost understandable… I guess, but you didn’t have to take him to the Funerals, heck man you’re making up such a lie to your own son, you even have me entangled in a lie with my own myrmidons”
“That’s NONE of your concern Thomas. Your choices are your own decision,” I interrupt and get an inch away from the mask. “Don’t you understand I’ve never spoken to my son more than a couple of minutes here and there… I was just telling him a story.”
“The Time of Departure and the Dark Times isn’t some inept and cynical to yarn around with.” He faces away from me and gets closer to the ocean.
The Funerals… what a name for such a splendor filled place that expresses beauty and tranquility. But its name comes from consequence, and that bidding is mine alone. I close my eyes and lurch my head forward. I can’t seem to comprehend the nature of my acting, but it was instinctive… an act I wasn’t expecting to do. But I spilt blood in these sands and I can’t drive myself to think of it any longer, it burns too much… it enkindles water to accumulate itself in the bases of my eyes. 
I get closer to him and stare across this fake ocean. “That’s my escape Thomas.” I mutter.
He nods. “Yes. Now that you’ve smothered your scent on Sam and Rebecca, and this little spot right here… it’ll just take Sam to return here,” he glances at me. “How do you think that will happen?”
I roll my eyes. “I don’t know. But-but it shouldn’t take long at all. He’s a rebellious one… and so is Rebecca.”
“Yah, just like you… humans,” he chuckles. “Sometimes I wonder how they can be so absentminded, yet such lively beings full of emotions. I guess it only took me to love one of your kind to find out how it felt.” He pulls the mask from his face and lets it drop to the sand. “I wish she were still here.”
“You still have Elizabeth.”
It took me quite a while before I understood Thomas’s ambitions. I knew something had to have happened to him in order to act as he does. When he had me examine Elizabeth William, and see that she is in fact a half-blood, I had a hunch he wasn’t telling me something. And now I understand everything. As clear as the sky that stands before me.
Thomas stares into the sky. “So you connected the dots.”
“Who was she?” I ask.
He takes a step closer to the calm ocean water. “Let’s just keep it at this. Love, your kind’s love… entangled me and I fell for it,” he turns to me. “I never knew that such a feeling existed. And I loved it.” He smiles as a black streak slithers down his cheek. “Elizabeth was but a baby when the Time of Departure occurred. And I must apologize, but best to speak of this at a different time. A time when we’re not confound to discretion.”
“Thank you Thomas, thank you for everything.”
He lifts his hand up. “Don’t thank me, don’t ever thank me. I do this on my own accord… and I know there’s still light at the end of the tunnel. I wish everything to return the way it was before the Time of Departure, and I won’t stop at nothing until I see it.”
His selflessness is a gift. And I love that about him… and him and I share an ambition one that I now see.
It might take a little longer than I expect, but I know, and hope my plan works.
“I must take my leave.” Thomas says. “They’re requesting me for questioning…” he pauses. “And look at this.” He holds the cell closer to his ear. “The President, Pre-President, and my Myrmidon Commander are all closely monitoring Sam’s progress and are seeking higher security to protect him…” he pauses again. “They’re speaking of you. They’re saying that the Guardians are scavenging through the old preservation zone near the Funerals.” His eyes open wide. “Do you still have the cell I gave you?”
I nod. “I do.”
“Ok, just keep it in your ear and poke the yellow button and you’ll be able to monitor our chatter anonymously. I’ll contact you after I get more information.” He hesitates and gasps. “My private line is telling me that they’re expecting me personally to speak.”
“Will you be ok?”
His face turns grave. “I should be fine. J-just go, hide some; where I don’t know, anywhere. Jump in the water to remove some of your scent.”

---
***
Sam
Chapter
24
Perspective
---

Another Morning…
“Hey Sam.” I heard Ms. William’s heartwarming voice, “You had me so worried sweetie!”
I opened my eyes and saw Ms. William starring down at me with a big smile, “Welcome back.” She pulled me off the bed and gave me a tight hug, “Sam you’re my responsibility… you-you can’t just go moping about without permission honey! It’s dangerous, the Council gave word that that thing is still out and about! Just think if you would have bumped into it”
“It’s no monster Ms. William,” I croaked and bit my lip. 
Did I just realize that that little bit of random information that just blurted out of my mouth could in fact be actuality? 
Dr. Harris is that monster. 
“It’s a person…” I took a deep breath turned my head and stared at the wall, averting any contact with Ms. William's eyes.
I had no clue what brought about this childish attitude but this cleaving tension just wrought my slight anger. I was still frustrated with everything. The Council, and even Oliver, or Thomas: he out of all the people had to go against my wishes and take Dr. Harris… now perhaps I’ll never see him again.
“A person?” She asked curiously; her voice had this edge to it: as though she’d had already made an assumption to who it was.
I turned to the Jane’s idle screen and then faced Ms. William, “I need my medicine Ms. William.” I said coolly, “And I better start getting ready for school.” I smirked, “Don’t want to be late.”
I tried to add as much enthusiasm in my voice as I could… but how well can a robotic piece of machinery entail every humanly characteristic through form of speech?
Her face remained grave, but she nodded in concur, “I’ll-uh-I’ll get some business done real fast and then go get breakfast ready honey.” She left my room.
Many things had me boggled, for one, I couldn’t trust my words any longer; I had to watch what I said around here, especially with Jane there, her monitoring had no bound, it was constant: a shadow to my every move, every word.
I turned to the clock: 9:51 A.M. the pills and glass of crystal clear water were placed in the exact same place. I sat up took the pills and walked out of the room.
“Sweetie, breakfast is ready!” Ms. William yelled from the kitchen.
I stood there in the hallway staring at the picture with the beautiful sunset. I felt slightly deprived that I didn’t get to witness this in the so called: Funerals that was actually a beach local. 
I also continued to imagine the reason it was called the Funerals; I mean what that word could mean… perhaps Jane might know, or maybe Ms. William might know the definition of Funeral.
I went in the kitchen and sat down. Ms. William was still wearing her silky, hot pink nightgown with little blue pokey-dots plastered all-throughout. 
Her hair was done in a pony-tail and her face smothered in green refining mask; that still made me grin: even with all my confusion and somewhat hatred stirring about, I still grinned. 
She turned around and burrowed her eyebrows, but then, softened them to her motherly warmth with a smile in return, “Sorry Sam,” she laughed nervously, “I was just thinking sweetie,” she placed the spatula down next to the pan and went to the refrigerator, “By the way, we need to get you a haircut, you’re looking like a barbarian with your shaggy hair!”
Ms. William had two small round containers, one full of diced onions and the other diced celery.
“So did I get in any trouble Ms. William?” I had to ask, it was something pestering me: however, if I didn’t get in trouble I had this assumption that the reason being would more than likely be because: Sam assisted the Council with the capture of a dangerous fugitive: 
I grinned to myself, but at the same time hatred sprung; I clinched my fist. I know there has to be more to it, it’s strange enough that I never get into trouble when I do anything out of alignment; but I don’t even know what consequences are to any action I’ve done.
“Not really. John from the Council and that odd man Oliver, who carried you in his arms: you were unconscious, Sam!” She said horrified, “They came really early this morning and didn’t say much, just telling me they found you in the restricted section fast-asleep”
“Nothing else?” I quickly added.
Before she said anything else, someone at the door knocked. I knew it was probably Jane informing the Council officials that I was finally awake so they sent somebody to come and take me away. 
Or perhaps it was our rather deviating conversation about my whereabouts that could lead me into exposing something I witnessed in my absence?  
Ms. William wiped her hands with a small towel hanging from the oven handle and walked to the door. She looked through the hole and turned to me, her face slightly grave, “John and Oliver,” she whispered as she opened the door to let them in.
They both stood there stiff, upright, and chin perfectly aligned with the straightness of their shoulders. Oliver or Thomas, perhaps I should start calling him that and see how he reacts: bit of a strange name change there, remained in his same unusual attire, white cloak, and his eyes, they were normal this time, just clean shade of light blue. John never changed, black suite, black shiny shoes, black eyes, and bald hair.
“Good morning Ms. Elizabeth William, forgive us again for being here so early in the morning. We’d like to take Sam and ask him a couple of questions; I assure you we’ll get him ready for class from our location and he’ll go straight home afterwards.” John said very properly and confidently.
She remained speechless with a grin on her face; she nodded, “Oh-ok, ok.” Ms. William answered timidly.
Oliver faced me and smirked, “Ok Sam, follow us.” He said energetically.
The door shut behind us, John set his hand on my shoulder, and leaned to my ear, “You’ve done nothing wrong,” he whispered coolly, “We just need to take you to the station to gather more information about Dr. you-know-who, ok?”
I hesitated, “Uh ok.”
“Good.” John said.

The walk to the Council’s Station behind the main Jefferson Building remained as unapparent and bland as the last time I left it.
Just a small square sized building with a door, no windows, or anything else. It did however seem dirtier, more residue and black, tarry strands crawling up the left side, near the door: possibly their preparing to paint?
“We’re remodeling the location Sam.” John quickly answered my query,, “The outside will get a nice coating of paint, and added windows, and open offices: rather than that normal walk randomly and having a door open.” He said amused, “Mainly for higher security purposes. And we’ll discuss some really important things when we enter my office.” He stopped and faced Oliver, “You may take your leave: keep your Myrmidons’ heads on a swivel, and continue the search.”
Oliver nodded, took one glanced at me: grinned, and then left towards the Jefferson Building.

The double doors slid open and we were met with the nice cool air-condition, and a sweet aroma that I couldn’t quite differentiate.
The interior seemed almost complete: no new embellishments decorated its walls and there were no door in range of the ending wall on the other side. However, the walls did have a brighter crème color and the square tiles were arranged differently: diamond shaped: colors black and white like a chessboard.
We continued on until a random door opened, like usual; perhaps the next time I come in here: if I ever will be back, all the doors will be visible.
“Well… this is my new office,” he said delighted, “No window yet however.” He laughed and led me inside, “You may take a seat.”
I took a seat. He had a plain office desk with nothing on it, except for a sheet of paper. He took a seat on his very comfy looking charcoal colored chair, “Now… please excuse the barrenness but I have yet to situate: the Council recently assigned us individual rooms. Anyways, do you know why you’re here?”
I nodded. I had a small hunch to what this was about; I mean what else would it be about; there was only one gargantuan event that occurred between now and the last time I fell asleep. Actually I don’t even remember falling asleep…
“Ok Sam, that little incident that occurred yesterday can, by no means, be told to anyone, not even Elizabeth William or Amy Johnson, not a single comment… Sam, do you understand?” He said coolly, his voice precise and calm.
“Yes Sir… by the way,” I hesitated, I didn’t know how this question might strike him, but I was curious, I had to ask, “Did uh… you catch him?” I whispered.
He grinned, “We did.”
A striking guilt shackled me, “What’s going to happen to him?”
“That’s subject to change.” He answered as he rose, “Now Sam you may leave and remember this conversation. Do not repeat anything, pretend nothing had happened; do not say Dr. Harris Brown… and we will be highly monitoring you to keep your safety at bay.” He explained a bit more rigorously.
Before I left I turned around to ask him another question, “Why such drastic changes in so little time?”
He grinned, “Noticing huh?” Well, because the Council elected a new leader: so basically things are changing for the better… I hope…”

---
Year
3

-Reparation-

---
Chapter
25
Separation
---

“Let’s see here.” 
Said Dr. Nicky Kewell as she adjusted the two scales on this weight machine she had me step onto, “You’re one hundred and forty seven pounds.” Dr. Kewell, an unusually young and rather perky doctor: blonde hair combed in a ponytail and big blue eyes, jotted the information down on her clipboard.
Ms. William cleared her throat, “And is that good or bad?” 
Dr. Kewell turned to her and smiled, “It’s excellent of course; he actually weighs just a tad bit lower than we anticipated in our Hormonical Progresser… so no need to panic.” She explained. “Anyways, you may step down from the scale and come to measure your height. Follow me.”
I followed her, Ms. William closely behind me, her face flush and beautiful as usual. She stopped and turned around, showing us inside this small rectangular room. There was a bed on the far wall, two comfy chairs, and a sink cluttered very neatly with a bunch of medical supplies: from bandages, to syringes, and antibacterial wipes.
“Ok, now Sam, please come stand by me, just press your back to this wall and I’ll measure your height.” She said.
On the wall I was about to press against there was a long measuring tape that stretched to the roof. I faced Ms. William; she smiled her lovely motherly smile at me, and then I pressed by back against the wall.
“Alright, you’re five-feet seven-inches.” Dr. Kewell said, and then jotted it down again on her clipboard. 
“You’re no longer my baby boy!” Ms. William lamented sarcastically, “You’re already taller than me!”
Dr. Kewell giggled, “Yeah they seem to grow faster than we anticipate… anyways,” she turned to me and smiled, “I’ll be right back in a couple. I’ll have nurse: Amelia Thompson come to do the other necessary procedures.” She explained and then left the room, shutting the door behind her.
I stretched my arms as I walked towards this small twin sized bed covered by a long, white piece of paper. I sat uncomfortably as the paper shuffled and crunched beneath me. I groaned.
“Want to know something Sam.” Ms. William whispered, “It’s a bit odd to see a female doctor…”
“Really? Why do you say that?” 
Her eyebrows burrowed and then she grimaced, “Because normally only males can be doctors… wonder why the Council changed rather radically and out of the blue…”
Someone knocked and then entered the room.
“Hey there Mr. Sam.” Amelia said.
I presumed this was Ms. Amelia Thompson: a middle-aged woman in an aqua-green nightgown type uniform that had little crescent moons as its design planted all over. She hauled in a silvery tray-cart with three capsules, a syringe, and some kind of green pills.
“Well I’m here to take some blood and give you an antitoxin multi-vitamin pill to improve your overall growth and health. After this Dr. Kewell will return with the results.” She informed us.
She rolled a small stool that was invisibly resting underneath the sink and set it next to her silver tray.
“Sam, please come and have a seat here.” She told me.
I got off the noisy papery bed and sat on the cushioned stool. Ms. Thompson hit a lock beneath the stool and went back to the tray to prepare the syringe.
She took one of those small antibacterial sprays from her pocket and sprayed her hands, and then put on some white plastic gloves. She rolled my long sleeve up my arm and patted my mid-arm, searching for my main blood-artery.
“Mmm`k,” she muttered to herself, “I’m going to tightly tie this rubber-band around your arm, it won’t hurt.” Ms. Thompson informed me.
She then tied the rubber band around my arm and then cleaned the small area of skin where she found my blood-artery with an alcohol swab.
“Ok, don’t be spooked you should only feel a small prickle.”
Just staring at this sharp object about to puncture into my skin left me petrified: I was spooked and terrified… I didn’t know what was going over me. A side of me was lost in thought to what exactly this object was going to do to me, and would it even hurt; however, another side, this strange natural, perhaps, humanly feeling wanted me to avoid this at all cost.
The urge had me wanting to just leap off the stool and run away, as far away as I could possibly get from this thing…
When the syringe made contact with my skin it slit through like nothing, I barely felt a prickle. After the three capsules were filled with my blood, Ms. Thompson removed the syringe from my arm and quickly covered the area with a small disinfectant towel.
“There we go, good as new!” She told me.
 I started feeling woozy; my eyes kept losing focus.
Ms. Thompson went to the sink, opened the cupboard, and grabbed a paper cup. She filled it with water, handed it to me with three green pills.
“Ok, drink those up and go lay down until the pills take effect, your wariness and drowsiness should subside. Dr. Kewell will be back shortly.” Ms. Thompson informed me, “Good day both of you.” She said and then left.
I held the pills and just stared, eyes focusing and losing focus a second later… these pills left me wondering in all of this traumatizing raucousness and weariness twisting my stomach: Dr. Harris came to mind.
I still couldn’t believe it was already almost a little over a year since that incident occurred with Dr. Harris Brown… witnessing the beauty of this place called: The Funerals, but all it was, was a ceaseless starry ocean. That picture I took sight of was nothing short of perfection; nothing would ever amount to it…
“Sweetie, they’re not going to swallow themselves.” Ms. William said.
I snapped out of my daydream and gulped down the pills. I had this moment of amnesia; I didn’t know why I was there, or what was happening: I didn’t even know why I took those pills… but then everything snapped back into place.
I found myself, unexpectedly, and not even remembering how: but I was lying on that uncomfortable twin sized bed staring at the ceiling. I shuffled over the paper strand placed over it and turned to Ms. William.
“Are you ok, honey?” She yelped concerned.
I couldn’t really comprehend what had just happened to me, so I just nodded and laid my head back down on the crackling pillow. 
Someone knocked, and Dr. Kewell entered, her clipboard tucked under her arm, and her left hand holding an envelope, “Well the results are in and everything checks out fine, you both are free to be on your way.” She said.
Dr. Kewell handed Ms. William a letter, “The statement enclosed has acknowledged that you, as Sam’s Caretaker, have taken the Council’s request to have your Adoptole checked for any abnormality.” 
She explained, she then turned to me, “And you have a wonderful last year Sam!” After she said that she left the room.  
“Well,” Ms. William said as she stood, “We have to go buy you some attire because tomorrow it’s your big day! You get to meet all your new teachers!” She said. 
“Really? Already?!” I shrugged and then staggered at the sound of this grand tragedy, “Great!” I said sarcastically as I rolled my eyes.

We left the new Medical Facility that was recently built next to the now apparent and redesigned Council Offices. Plenty of windows, a new white coat of paint, and a vinyl of black streaks near the roof. They also added a second floor. Over the door it has written: Quebec Facility.
“Well I got to tell you, this place is sure blossoming in this short year.” Ms. William giggled.    
I nodded. I noticed, I guess they didn’t inform the regular people that the Council accepted a new leader. I am glad he’s changing things for the better, or so it seems.
But remember what Dr. Harris said about society blossoming before the Dark Times occurred… I mean, what if history repeats itself? I pondered at all the possible outcomes, I mean: ever since John told me about a new leader or should I call him: President: what could he be envisioning to make him do this? Could his vision be of a different society, one not shackled by such seclusion?
“Yeah.” I finally said.
“It’s getting beautiful again.” Her smile was broad, her pink coated lips glossily shining with the bright sun; it felt as though she kept on getting more beautiful as the times continued on.
Personally I didn’t know what kind of attraction I felt for her, I know I loved her, but it was a different kind of love: a love bonded by a mother and a child: That love that Ms. Johnson and Amy had. 
I shook my head as discreetly as possible trying to knock those thoughts clouding my judgment away; I’ve been getting them a lot lately. I see Ms. William, her beauty reminding me of Amy: who is now lost to me… and I don’t even know if I’ll ever get to see her again.
I mean it has felt so short of a time, two years have already gone pass: and now I am in my last year, my LCP soon to hammer on my door: my unclassified LCP.
Ms. William wrapped her hand around my waist and set her cheek against my shoulder, “This is your last year.” She croaked, her voice breaking.
I gave Ms. William a curious stare, “Can you read minds Ms. William?”
“No. Why?” She quickly asked.
“I was just thinking of that…,” I stopped and turned to her, “When is Amy leaving?”
Ms. William’s eyebrows burrowed sorrowfully and her eyes glazed like her lush lips, “She left three days ago Sam… and Amber has vanished.” She exclaimed as she hugged me.
I felt her sobs as she pressed herself against my chest.
“Sam go on and buy yourself some stuff at the shopping district,” she let go of me, her mascara soiled by the tears she shed, “I’m going home to rest.”

Ms. William had me worried. I’ve never seen her tear up like that. But it is kind of strange how Ms. Johnson could out of the blue disappear without a trace. I didn’t ask her any questions about her unexpected vanish but it must have been something obvious if she implied it so well.
Instead of heading to the shopping area, I chose to take a slight detour towards the Johnson residence. I followed the empty sidewalk and clutter of bundled together townhouses stretching down the left side: their small look-alike fenced front yards, and same framed archway leading to their numbered doors… it sickened me every time I noticed this uncanny perfection.
The Johnson residence: 0188 
The archway leading to the doorway remained open, moving slight with the push and pull of wind. I stood for a second just examining the area. The windows were screened at this time of day. I passed through the archway and stepped onto the grass, heading towards the narrow alleyway that led to their backyard. 
I stared past the alleyway and into the backyard and noticed a young girl that I could have sworn was Rebecca, her eyes connected to mine, and then she broke for the forest. 
I rushed through the alleyway and began chasing this now darkened figure through this forest I never really ever had the need to explore this forest section before, but it was thicker.
My shoulder slammed against a misplaced tree that sent me barreling over the ground until I hit a pile of foliage. I felt a splintering ache enveloping my right side, I couldn’t flex at all.
“I’d strongly suggest return, in.” said a familiar voice.
“R-Rebecca?” I murmured.
“Becca,” she said, “How many times do I have to tell you that, Sam?”
She outstretched her hand, “Come on hurry up and follow me, we must leave like right now.” Rebecca said.
I groaned, “Wait, wait,” I crunched my eyes closed and held my breath, trying my hardest to ignore the pain, “I think I hurt something.”
“Eh you should be fine, it’s probably just the aftershock… didn’t you go visit the doctor today?”
I nodded.
“I think they take blood from your right arm, you probably hit that side and just hurt it a little bit more than you should have… here give me a second.” She said as she stooped over, taking my numb hand and rolling up my sleeve, “Yeah, you did bruise it pretty badly… the bruise should go away pretty quickly, and the numbness is just temporary, you’ll get feeling back in a matter of time.” Rebecca said.
“So what are you doing out here Becca?” I asked. 
It was rather suspicious she be out wandering about in this isolated place that I’ve never had a chance to even notice, on top of that, behind the Johnson residence.
“I uh…” she hesitated and smiled, for a second there I was captivated by her unnatural and rare beauty, “Well… did you know Amber Johnson and Amy Johnson?”
I nodded. Now I was truly curious; Rebecca knew them too well Ms. William does know Rebecca by way of her caretaker. I forgot her name, so perhaps Amy and Ms. Johnson knew her the same way.
“Well my mother told me Ms. Johnson vanished… and I was worried so I had to come and see for myself… and if you look the windows are blocked, and her back porch is locked.” She stood and turned around, “Sam.” She whispered, “We’ve got to leave now, come on, you’re a boy!”
I rose as quickly as I could, “Ok I’ll follow you.”
She took my hand with care. Her beautiful hazel eyes deadlocked on mine and her breathtaking smile embraced her lush face. 
We made our way through this thick forest with a stride. Her hand still holding mine, my thoughts abloom with her majesty… I didn’t know what was going over me, I mean, she… she made me feel hot all over.
“Welcome to Monarch’s Reach, Sam,” Rebecca said, finally breaking the silence.
“This area has a name?” I deferred.
She nodded, “Uh yah,” she giggled, “Well… it doesn’t really have a name, I just felt free to call it that… I always took this route when I headed to Ms. Johnson’s residence.”
“Did you know Amy too?”
She nodded, “She spoke highly of you Sam. She, uh…” Rebecca paused, her hair swayed in the waking breeze sweeping through while she turned and stared at me with a curious smirk, “She said she loved you.”
I didn’t say anything.
Rebecca stopped.
“What’s up Becca?” 
She sniffed, “Hmm… Sam, ever heard the term: Myrmidons?”
I nodded, “Yes I have... but… what does that have anything to do with anything?”
“Well they are the guardians of the Council… basically they’re everywhere, except for this place… my Monarch’s Reach… or you want to know something I overheard,” she took a step towards me, her lips slightly grazing mine, “I’ve heard that the new Council Leader was once a Myrmidon… he was trained by a man named Thomas Vaile.” She pressed her lips against mine, giving me a kiss.
She pulled back and then turned away so fast that her cotton soft hair slapped me in the face. I couldn’t help but grin.
“Come we continue to the Johnson’s.” She said and took my hand again as we continued through the forest.
“Where did you hear the word Myrmidon from, Becca?”
“I’ll answer yours after you’ve answered mine: Who have you heard that word from?”
“A friend”
“A friend? Who, give me a name?” She said.
“Oliver.” I answered.
“Heh, sounds a bit too conspicuous to me, don’t you think, Sam? What’s his real name?”
Her cunningness was a bit too commendable and precise: she knew I knew more, but how could she?
“And what makes you think that?”
“You’ve yet to answer my questions! One of us has to break the ice first before we spill our knowledge and it won’t be me. So go on.”
“Fine. Thomas, is Oliver’s real name. Dr. Harris Brown exposed that when he took me to the Funerals.” 
Rebecca gasped. She stopped and turned to me, her face blank, “You’ve been to the Funerals?”
I nodded.
“It was blocked by a river… how did you go pass?”
“The river was drained”
“Of course, of course!” She said baffled, “Don’t you see Sam… oh my gosh, I-I can finally put things together! Look, Dr. Harris Brown somehow sprouted back on the radar the year we were released from the Consolation Chamber ok… ok, now, the Council’s Myrmidons could have more than likely thought, that that river was Dr. Harris’s entry point… don’t you see that river there, has a connection with the other world… the world we’ll go after we depart from here: Preteritus, and begin our LCP’s. You see this area’s entries are so highly monitored that nobody could have just slipped through the cameras… I mean the ID machines, eye detectors… he passed through everything, Sam… how can one do that?”
I chuckled with this unusual drought of obliviousness that hit me square in the face as she unloaded all this information at me. Information I actually thirsted for. 
“Umm… ok, can you please explain a bit more?” 
“We can’t here, let’s move fast before we get unwanted attention due to our disappearance… and I know you are being highly monitored by the Council… and I still have no clue why.”
“Because of the information I know about Dr. Harris Brown, that’s why… they’re afraid I’ll leak this to a random sort… and I have, to you… and I hope that I don’t bring any unwanted ordeal towards you.” I had trouble swallowing my own words: and I truly was afraid for her, for us.
She bit her lip and took a deep breath, “We’ll be fine, Sam.”
We started moving again, her hand still tightly grasping mine.
“But what I don’t understand is: If they’ve caught him already why speaking of him would be such a great offense.” I said thinking out loud.
“Good question… so he quite possibly isn’t caught then. They probably lied to you.”
I thought for a second, remembering all the things John spoke to Oliver about. One of them being the last moments: John told Oliver to keep his Myrmidons’ head on swivels… what possibly for?
“He did tell Oliver… err I mean Scott, to tell his Myrmidons to keep their eyes open.”
“Well that’s a bit obvious Sam, how couldn’t you have connected the dots there: somehow Dr. Harris Brown escaped!” Rebecca said.
“But he couldn’t have… well...”
“What happened at the Funerals?” She quickly asked.
“I don’t remember, everything went black as soon as I turned to Scott… I mean I don’t even think I caught sight of Scott.” I said truthfully. 
She didn’t say anything after I told her that, but I did still have a couple of questions for her. One of them of course wondering how she got this information: how of all the people she and I are some of the only ones experiencing this abnormality.
However she looked a lot different than the average girl too: not the blue yes, or blond hair, she was unique, like me; but I as an opposite sex.  
An opening embellished with rays of warm sunlight finally appeared after what felt like hours of walking aimlessly through Monarch’s Reach. She quickened her step, dragging my slow stride with her. 
“To be honest,” I said, “It really didn’t feel like I ran through here this far…”
“That’s because we took a detour, look.” She said as she pointed ahead, “That’s the rear side of the shopping district.”
“Oh… ok, I could have sworn we were going to the Johnson residence.”
She shook her head, “Not yet… after we do what we were supposed to be doing, buy our necessary garments.”

---
Chapter
26
Insecurities
---
Rebecca and I stepped onto the sidewalk of the new Market Plaza...
It was completely remodeled within the last year; at the center a big water fountain with a big statue of older gentleman, embraced with his cloak, left hand caressing a large book, and right hand aimed high with a torch: alit with a real flame. 
Surrounding the water fountain, a display of beautifully arranged different colored roses and lilies: it was for a lack of a better word: breathtaking. 
The plaza was unnaturally busy plenty of activity and chatter going about the area. I felt baffled: I couldn’t stop staring at the many faces just smothering together. Awkwardly of course, not a single male among the crowd: just females, caretakers around the same age, and the girls were from all ages ranging from first years up to third.
“How’s Ms. William?” Rebecca turned to me with a big smile.
“Oh,” I diverted my attention away from all this commotional admiration and connected eyes with Rebecca, “She was sad because of Ms. Johnson’s disappearance… what do you think of this?”
She gave me this mused glare, “Do you really want to know?”
I nodded. Of course I did, I was highly curious to see what thoughts she had: I mean just her authenticity about everything around us had me wandering about if she was really her age.
“I think… she was...”
“Old friends,” John, out of the blue, said out loud, interrupting Rebecca, “Sam, and Becca, how amusing to see you both together. How are both of you doing by the way?” His polished baldhead looked even smoother than marble.
John’s kindness felt false, not his usual self.
“We’re just here doing a little shopping.” Rebecca said.
John glared at me, his brow straightened and smile erased, “Excited about what you see before you?”
“You mean… the new coat of paint the Council added?” I asked. His question was a bit broad.
“Of course, look how everything has changed...”
Rebecca giggled, “Yeah your new offices look dashing!” Her sarcasm brought a grin to my face.
John turned to her and smiled coldly, “I am glad you’re enjoying it Ms. Becca: all this before is for yours and every other child’s convenience.” He turned back to me, “You’ve grown quite a bit since we last spoke… you’re maturing, your body prepping itself for the LCP approaching.”
“Too bad I don’t even know what I’m going to be doing.” I added.
“Surprises await, Sam. Be patient.” He assured me.
“How’s Oliver doing? Haven’t seen him in quite some time.”
Rebecca gave me a quick Huh sort of glare.
“He is doing great, Sam, just working mighty hard. I’ll tell him you send greetings; who knows, he might spawn tomorrow morning for all we know. He’s random at times.”
Finally John’s personality felt less plastic and fraudulent and more like himself; or at least the way I recall him being.
“Who’s Oliver?” Rebecca asked as she perked up.
John turned to her, “Just a friend of Sam and myself.” He clapped his hands, “And I will let both of you back to your business. I hope not seeing either of you in my office… at all, in this next year.”
I shook my head.
“Good, now, I must take my leave. Good day both of you and enjoy the afternoon.” 
He left and disappeared amongst the swarm of folks; and now I, again, remained to be the only male presence amid this orchestra of females.
“He didn’t seem like himself.” Rebecca said.
“Nope… maybe since he’s in public... anyways, how do you even know him?” I said. 
She shook her head, “No, no… there’s something happening, I mean… I know there is; drastic changes like this don’t just happen in less than a year Sam… something.” She got closer to me, “If Thomas does appear, ask him about it.” She whispered.
I grinned, “Gotcha.”
She grabbed my hand and we started making our way pass the crowd of spectators staring at me; I didn’t know if it was the fact that I was a male and they’ve never seen one before, or if it was how Rebecca was holding my hand. Either way, I had this panicky combustion flowing through my veins with butterflies gnawing inside my stomach.
Rebecca giggled and stared at me funny, “Why’s your face so red, Sam?” She said.
“Um… I don’t know.” I replied.
She got closer to me, her nose touching mine, “You’re embarrassed that I’m holding your hand in front of so many other girls?” She pecked my cheek with her warm lips. 
I stared into her green eyes, my thoughts just dwindling and fantasizing about her: her beautiful aurora just capturing me, something in me just wanted me to caress her…
“Come Sam!” She turned away and yanked me up a flight of stairs, “Let’s go eat. My mom told me there’s a new restaurant up here that serves all kinds of something called Italian food!”
A Restaurant I recalled being some kind of eating lounge of some sort: from Mary’s explanation. Couldn’t believe I actually recalled it since then; other than that the word’s definition came natural to me.
Other than that, I was lamenting about Rebecca’s strange attitude; like I don’t know, for not even knowing her that well she sure acted as though she knows me a lot more than I’d imagine: could Amy have had something to do with her knowledge about me.
My answer came rather quickly as I sat on a booth on the balcony of this outdoor restaurant.
“Do you miss Amy, Sam?” 
“Um, sometimes… I mean, she was like the only person I did anything with besides Ms. William.” I answered truthfully. And then there it was: this traumatic incision goggling at me like the first time I took in a breath of fresh air. This fear kept me coupled. 
Rebecca nodded her head, “Well that’s understandable… it is a bit too secluded, but hopefully this last year with this new change, changes that… I mean look at us now, Amy isn’t the only girl you can hang with anymore… especially since she’s gone now.”
She is gone... and that truth is always a thorn puncturing in my side.
Before I could say anything a waitress came up to us, she eyed me, and quickly turned to Rebecca.
“Hello,” she greeted, “Welcome to Garden Alexia, here’s our menu. And I’ll bring the water shortly.” She slid the menus’ on the table; she seemed really edgy when she slid it to me; giving me a freaked out glare “I’ll be back.”
Rebecca kept her stare at me, “So?”
I sighed, “Becca, I think I should go, I have to go check on Ms. William.” I said. I had this unexpected fear grapple my heart: I feared for Ms. William… I feared she’d disappear like Ms. Johnson. 
I leaped off the chair and made my way out of the restaurant. I didn’t even give Rebecca one last look; but I knew I  more than likely left her trailing… but I couldn’t abandon Ms. William.
I slipped through the crowd and left the market district and walked into another empty, vague, representation of what life used to be: or perhaps is still: an emptiness abiding like the jet black taint on the soil.
The sidewalks were empty, not a single individual alongside me, ahead of me, behind me: nothing… the Council is nothing but a murk that seek to adorn the lives and then extinguish them, making them disappear from our lives forever.
Amy is gone, Ms. Johnson is gone: the people I cared are being taken away from me one by one: Dr. Harris, who wouldn’t hurt anyone, was taken because of a reason I don’t even know about… and who is next? Ms. William? No, no, that won’t happen.
“Sam.”
I heard Rebecca call out.
“Please stop…” She pleaded.
I turned and stared at her, “I have to check on Ms. William. I’m afraid, Becca, I'm afraid the Council will come around and… and take the last person I-I care about.” I explained.
“Sam, she’ll be fine… I just need to tell you something that Amy wanted me to tell you… I need to get inside their house because she left an important letter that she didn’t have time to give me before she left… without a trace, without even saying a farewell, Sam… nothing. She was my friend too, and you don’t care that, she didn’t even get to spend one last time with you before she was taken away?”
My heart sunk at the words she just spoke. Because Rebecca was right... I didn't even see her smile one more time, I didn't get to embrace her one last time... nothing, she just vanished. And it hurt so much knowing that I didn't get to tell her how much I cared for her.
“What did she want you to say to me?” 
“She didn’t have time to tell me anything before she left, Sam, she told me that if this did happen to her the letter would be in between her mattress…”
“Ok… but first, please let’s go see Ms. William, and then we can head to Ms. Johnson’s residence.” I said.
“You go and check on Ms. William, I’ll be behind your townhouse near the forest.” She trailed off the sidewalk, hopped over a fence, and slipped through the narrow alleyway until the black shadow consumed her.
I stood there motionlessly; my thoughts ridden by all sorts of perpetual sorrows and agonies: Amy however was my main drought and now this random and unwanted feeling of loosing Ms. William? No, I can’t let that happen, I at least must get to her to find if this feeling is an actuality.
I ran, ran as fast as I could down the vacant courtyard until I saw my townhouse ahead of me. I opened the gate rushed through my yard and ran inside.
“Ms. William?” I said.
The inside was dark, blinds were closed: only the light from the front door embellished the kitchen.
“Hey Ms. William… Ma`am you here?” I yelped a bit louder.
A knock on the door left me petrified; I gasp stumped.
“Relax Sam,” Rebecca said as she entered, “It’s just me.” She giggled, “So uh… where’s Ms. William.”
“I don’t know. This place appears empty.” 
Rebecca flicked the lights on. 
“Maybe she is out doing something Sam; she’ll be here by the time we get back from the Johnson’s I promise.” Rebecca said.
“Becca… she doesn’t normally go anywhere without telling me anything or taking me with her”
“SAM!” She bellowed and then grabbed my face with her warm hands, pulling me closer to hers, “Look, Sam what has gone over you?! What is it with this spastic attitude? What’s happening? Tell me.” She persisted.
I stared into her beautiful eyes, my bodily emotion wanted to get closer to her, embrace her: my heartbeat thumped against my chest, and my body scorched in this sensation erupting throughout me. I had to fight it off; I couldn’t give in to this, this temptation.
“I-I don’t know.” I finally said.
Rebecca giggled; her sweet breath tickled my nose as I breathed it in, “Then relax, nothing to worry about.”
I closed my eyes and sighed, “I’m sorry… it’s just Amy and Ms. Johnson were family to me, Becca… just knowing that I won’t ever get to see them again hurts so much.”
“And who said you won’t ever see them again Sam?” Rebecca interrupted, “Sam, for all we know Amber and Amy left together.”
She did have a point there.
“Ok, I’ll follow you to the Johnson’s.” I said.
She let go of my face and exited the house.

“Ever wondered if the Council had hidden microphones all over the place to like listen to what we were saying.” Rebecca said.
“You mean like they’re spying on us without us knowing?”
“Yeah… I mean they are supposed to be highly monitoring you… how exactly can you keep tabs on someone without physically being there? Everything around us does seem a bit… too perfect.” She turned briefly and grinned rigorously.
I grinned back. “I ask myself that too.”
“Maybe Scott is the one keeping tabs on you? Ever thought of that?” Rebecca implied.
I scoffed, “That could be a theory.” Rebecca had some really interesting perceptions about things… her speculations and assumptions were all too believable. 
Rebecca perked up and crossed her arms, “Well, what do you think?”
I grimaced, “Well, how do you know me so well?” 
“Because somehow or another you got into my class last year… and only those who’ve committed acts of bad behaviors are placed there.”
“Or an arrogant teacher who didn’t like their student.” I quickly added.
She pressed her finger against my lips, “Come on Sam… I know you’ve speculated over and over again about all of this surrounding us. I know you probably feel like you’re the only person noticing it too,” she got closer to me, her lips yet again grazing mine, her warm, minty breath rising up my nostrils, “You’re not.”
She quickly turned and slapped my face with her hair. She passed a random unlocked fence from townhouse: 1245 and stepped into the alleyway making her way to Monarch’s Reach.
“Strange that the fence was unlocked.” I said.
“Townhouse: 1245 was abandoned late last year… someone blamed the Caretaker for saying too much and unleashing some sort of fiend to wander about.” Rebecca said.
“Wait, explain a bit more.”
She giggled, faced me, with her arms crossed, and foot tapping, “Sam that was old news.”
I stared at her blankly, “Uh… well where do you get your news from? I mean I feel so confined in my house… I barely get any news at all.”
Her lips pursed, and brow slumped, “That’s a good question that I can’t answer just yet of course.” Her voice sounded as though she were sarcastically toying with me; yet had this captivating almost drawing and awing manifestation that made me want her… caress her, kiss her.
She smiled warmly, her eyes just not losing focus off mine.
This made me wonder if she were feeling the same way about me. Like Amy, however, she did express herself a bit more openly than Rebecca has thus far at least. I mean I’ve met her at Ms. Benning’s class, which she barely ever talked to me: look at me for a matter of fact, and now I’m already feeling this zoned to her… something about her, I couldn’t put my finger on it, kept on drawing me near.
The forest drew near as our stride picked up passed the alleyway. Felt like Monarch’s Reach was stretching its branches like long withering hands stretched abroad to ensnare its prey. The wisps of breeze felt cool and the sky as clear as water.
The shadowy and deathly feeling of the forest had me a bit spooked. Honestly it was more because I was afraid of what lurked within this place: it did look a bit less perfect now, with foliage everywhere; piles and piles of leaves, bare patches of soil. But then I remembered what Dr. Harrison Brown told me about how the Council removed all wildlife from these locals.
“Anything um… alive around here?” I asked.
I heard her giggle, “Not that I’m aware of Sam, it does look a bit too real huh?”
“Yeah, every time I look I feel like something is going to jump at me.”
Rebecca laughed, “Well, our destination isn’t too far off. All we’re doing is cutting the arch and splitting through the center.”
She pointed ahead.
“The clearing ahead should be the Johnson’s back yard, Sam.” Rebecca said.
I peered over her shoulder and noticed the clearing approaching, and the back of a townhouse.
“Oh by the way,” she briefly faced me, walking backwards, “Since we’re probably breaking the law by doing this we’ll go to a secret place deeper in this forest.” Rebecca said as she winked at me.
“But their place will still probably be under surveillance by the AI system, wouldn’t it?”
“Yup,” she stopped and turned to me, “I don’t know Sam, I mean-I guess we’ll have to see what happens,” Rebecca laughed a bit vacillated, “If we both end up in John’s office again I guess we got caught.” She smiled from ear to ear.

Rebecca tapped on the knob of the back porch door.
“Expecting someone to answer.” I said.
Rebecca turned to me and rolled her eyes, “Funny Sam.”
She slightly stooped over and tapped again on the knob and twisted it a bit; it clicked, and remained firm and stiff; not budging any.
“Becca it’s not going to unlock himself.” I said.
Rebecca grimaced, “I know, then you try, go on, give it a whirl.” Rebecca slapped my shoulder, “Use your muscles!”
I sighed and took the knob and twisted it; as I did the click made a loud clang and the knob just fell right off the door hinge.
“Good job Sam! You’ve successfully broken into a townhouse,” she gave me thumbs up.
She pushed the door open. 
“Sam let me go in alone ok.”
I nodded and watched her disappear into the dwelling of my old friends. I relaxed my tension, because I was truly afraid, afraid for us, about our safety, as quickly as Ms. Johnson and Amy disappeared, so could we. It wasn’t safe, or at least I didn’t have that sense of security any longer.
Without a moment longer, Rebecca appeared and handed me a brown envelope, “That’s for you.” She slapped it against my chest as it slipped onto my hands.
“Gee thanks.” I stuck my tongue out at her; she got closer to me, her brows sunk, and emerald eyes ablaze: she grinned, and then turned away quickly, smacking me in the face with her hair again.
I tickled my nose, “Thanks again.”
She snatched my hand and yanked me off my perfectly comfortable position.
“Hurry, I want to show you something!”
She ran into the forest. I folded the envelope and stuffed it in my pocket, and ran after her…

---
Chapter
27
Equanimity
---
It was quite a walk deep into this forest... 
My brow was drenched with sweat, my legs felt weak, and I felt due to tumble over.
I groaned, “Becca, how long until we get there?”
“Tired already Sam! Come on, you’re a boy, you’re supposed to be more endurance friendly than we females… do you see me whimpering at all?”
I sighed.
“It’s true! Now,” she got closer to me and pulled the envelope from my pocket, “Now let’s see what we’ve got here!” 
“And where’s this place you wanted to show me?”
 “Mind me!” She skipped and hopped a little bit further and slit through some thick shrubs, “Here it is, Sam.”
I followed through the prickly and scratchy shrubs and starred at this, small, and quite pleasant to my eyes: an orchard house. The place was like a small square box: a window, a door, and a dirt path, quite plain, but, still a bit, spooky and cozy all at the same time.
I watched her stroll through the front door, “Come Sam, there’s actually food in here too… and of course I brought some.” Rebecca grinned meticulously. 

The inside was just as plain as the outside. Just a small kitchen on one side, a full sized bed on the far end, and a small closet, that was probably the bathroom.
“Who lived here?” I asked.
“Who knows, Sam?” Rebecca giggled, her eyes just embracing mine, “But when I found it… it was abandoned, nothing left inside. Just what you see here, and,” she took the envelope and slapped it on the counter, “Of course the additions I’ve added.”
“And what is that?”
“The food and um… some utensils.” She laughed and then lolled on a chair, “Time to open this envelope!”
“You’re more eager to read it than me.”
“I am.”
Her smile took my breath away.
I took a seat on the bed, “Go ahead and read it.” I said, “Out loud, may you please?”
She nodded, enthusiastically ripping the seal. There was only one sheet of paper inside.
“Dear Sam. Thank you. Thank you, thank you for everything. The little time I got to spend with you, enjoying my time with you, I was happy, truly happy. I am glad Ms. Johnson and Ms. William introduced me to you, I knew it was one of Ms. Johnson’s and Ms. William’s clever games, but I was truly grateful, I was thanking them for this… the isolation nibbled on my patience until I had no more and you, you were my light at the end of the tunnel Sam you, kept me sane and I loved you for that…”
Rebecca stopped reading; she glanced at me, her eyes scarlet, and glistening like the ocean’s millions of sparkles: she took a breath and sniffled lightly.
“Perhaps,” her voice cracked, “You can read the rest Sam… I don’t have enough,” she giggled and hesitated, holding her breath, “I don’t know Sam, you can read the rest, here.” She came over and sat next to me on the bed and set the letter on my lap.
I took it and held it out in front of me: I saw the streaks of tear shed smudging some of the words. This almost spearing sentimental pain hit me so hard that I too couldn’t bear to even look at the words.
Woe, this unrelenting woe crippled me like nothing I’ve ever felt before. I felt regret, pain, anguish, all sorts of little things, reminding, remembering her… I couldn’t take it, knowing, knowing that I’ll never see her again: ever, but she left me with one last piece of artifact to know that she is out there, and she was thinking of me.
My jaw tightened, “I can’t read this.” I sniffled and stuff the piece of paper in my pocket, and as I dug it in there, gently, I remembered something awing… the flower I gave Amy, when we first met.
“You know that,” I closed my eyes, envisioning it as I recalled, “I uh, in my first year I saw this beautiful flower on the ground near Ms. William’s townhouse… this was my first time ever you know witnessing anything so real: so by seeing this real flower, I had an urge to pluck it from its home. So I did and stuffed it my pocket. Little that I know that I was going meet her, meet Amy… out of all the people, out of every other girl that had that identical look, yet her aurora was different. But she was my first female interaction, besides Ms. William and I just gave her the flower.” I smiled warmly, my face hot.
“What do you think of me?”
“You’re like her, but this time you seem to have your own unique look…” She got closer to me, her warm breath, and her hair’s smell of tropical fruit: she smiled and then pressed her lips against mine.
“I know,” she pulled back a tad and giggled beneath her gasp, “I guess personalities are contagious.” She smiled again and pressed her lips to mine again.
I gently pushed her away and stood, quickly making my way to the door.
“Becca we better go, I don’t know-but I don’t feel safe in this place.” I said.
“What’s wrong Sam?”
I opened the door, “Nothing is wrong Becca, but this abandoned house out here deep in this place.” I hesitated and faced her, “I mean, before we both get into anymore trouble with John, I say we just head back now.” 
She took a deep breath and grinned: she seemed a tad disappointed. She nodded at me and rose. 
“Ok, ok, let’s go.” Rebecca said a bit monotonously.
Before she made her way towards the door, she quickly turned and embraced me tight.
"Sam, even if our time is short, just know that you'll always be in my mind." Rebecca whispered.
The walk through Monarch’s Reach was devastatingly quiet, yet it went by faster than it felt going in. We appeared behind, what seemed like, my townhouse backyard.
“This is your stop Sam.” Rebecca said.
“Thanks Becca… uh by the way, what’s your townhouse number?”
She grinned, “I’m not too far from yours Sam. I’m 253, come by any time ok. My mother is really sweet and is friends with Ms. William and Ms. Johnson.”
I couldn’t help but smile, “I’d love that Becca.”
“Awesome, I’ll catch you a bit later then.” She said and disappeared into the forest’s shadow.
I felt happier. Even though I did still feel sorrow for losing Amy, Rebecca was sowing the vacant space that appeared when Amy disappeared from my life. Perhaps this new friendship is a good thing: I was afraid that I’d be all alone this new year too… well of course, there are now congregated classes now, or so Ms. William said, perhaps that will also burn a bunch of my free time.
I took a deep breath, dug my hands into my pocket, and past through the alleyway making it into my front yard. The gate was locked. I thought for a second and the only rational explanation could be is: Ms. William has finally come home.
I rushed inside the house and saw Ms. William sprinkling seasoning inside a large steaming pot. Her same upright posture, beautiful blond hair, glazing with the sun’s beams stripping through the windowpanes: it was her, she was back, my random spur of paranoia was but a ploy. 
She cleared her throat, “Ahem, and where have you been young man?” She said.
“Ms. William!” I bellowed. “I came home earlier and you weren’t here!”
“Well I took a detour and went ahead and met your two new teachers.”
“Two?” I said as I took a seat on the chair.
Ms. William nodded, “Yup, and…” she faced me, “I took the liberty and placed you with my friend’s daughter…”
Rebecca: I thought.
“Becca, Sam. She’s in both of your classes."
I smiled and didn’t reply; I was too overjoyed to say anything: I mean what more can I ask for?
“I also went to Amelia Malcolm’s, Becca’s Caretaker, house after I left you… asking her if she’s heard any word of Ms. Johnson. Nothing, not a trace Sam.” Ms. William said disarrayed.
“I bumped into Rebecca and she has also been worried… she said that Amy or Ms. Johnson didn’t even say a farewell before they left.” I said.
“You had a chat with Becca?”
I nodded, “Yup and I ate with her in some Italian restaurant.”
“Aw how cute Sam!” Ms. William said overly energetic, “I noticed she wasn’t at the house when I went to Amelia’s house... I bet she’s gotten more beautiful than the last time I saw her.”
I conquered to her comment, she did get more beautiful than I could even describe with words, my face reddened in embarrassment, “I uh… wasn’t expecting her to change all that much, it was like I don’t know, a woman took her place.” 
Ms. William placed the top on the pot and wiped her hands with a kitchen towel, “If you think about it Sam, you’ve changed quite a bit too.”
Ms. William grabbed a glass from the cupboard and set it on the counter. She opened the refrigerator and pulled out a jug of water, pouring it inside the glass, and then setting the glass in front of me.
“Don’t forget your pills dear, Jane has them out of the catch for you to take.” She said, “Hurry on and take them so we can have some supper, mm`k?”
I nodded, “Ok.”
I took a detour and slipped into the bathroom. I stared at myself in the mirror, something I’ve averted, and something I felt afraid to do: I didn’t know why. I did change, exponentially. 
My hair was a lot shaggier now, slightly passing my neck, and my eyes are a lot more hazel, outlined in a green, olive shade. I also had this prickly hair grazing over the surface of my face; I rubbed my hands and it felt like sandpaper.
I gasped, “Wow, I barely recognize myself… I still remember myself as that boy in the Consolation Chamber-thingy.”
I stood there wondering, thinking: What if, those pills that I’ve been taking for so long have caused this rapid transformation. I mean the doctor said that they’d lower my dosage as my time here extrapolated, but I visited the doctor and she didn’t even mention the pill intake: they just handed me another pair to sooth my ill-feeling blah that I felt. 
After grabbing the pills I returned to the kitchen. The table already neatly tucked and ready for supper. Both bowls of soup smoldering with a steamy delightful fragrance, a loaf of sliced bread on the center of the table, and a stub of butter next to it.
I hurried to the counter where my glass of water sat and gulped down the pills.
“Dinner is served.” Ms. William said in her usual delightful manner.
I sat down and began to munch. All that traveling I’ve done today left me famished. The thought of all the places I wandered to today had me grinning, because I couldn’t believe this was happening: discovering my new friendship with Rebecca; panicking about Ms. William, and reading the final harmonic farewell Amy left me… wow, what a day.
I knew the perfect spot for the letter Amy left me; it will be tucked safely in between my mattress.
“So, what new stuff did you get to buy today? I am sure the new shopping district was more than a delight for you and Becca’s eyes.” Ms. William said.
I winced, “Um…” a series of laughs blurted out of my mouth, I couldn’t control it, “To be honest Ms. William, I was panicking about you… so I took Rebecca with me on my way back here, and you were gone. I had this worry that you were taken away like Ms. Johnson had.” I grimaced at that thought and set the spoon gently on the bowel.
Ms. William took my hand, “Sweetie I will always be here ok, and when you’re all grown up you better not forget me like my others have.” 
“Only an absentminded person would forget your kindness Ms. William.” I said.
She smiled warmly, “Thanks honey. But let me tell you something, the moment I quit being kind, generous, and loving... Sam... it's the moment I erase myself from you life." 
Her words left me breathless...
"Anyways, get back to your supper; don’t want it to get cold now.” 
I continued munching, dipping the bread inside the hot soupy liquid from the stew. And during the course of this, I couldn’t help but wonder: How did Ms. William get to know these other Caretakers? Did she meet them during her course through the LCP, or did she meet them beforehand?
“Ms. William, how do you get to know Ms. Johnson and Ms. Malcolm?”
“They were colleagues of mine during our LCP… they were the only two that weren’t stuck up, Sam.” Ms. William said, “I believe they’re designing the new batch of classes taken by pre-LCP recipients to be hosted like LCP classes so that you and others can feel accustomed to having company during lectures.” 
“But didn’t you share the same congregated class structure back in your pre-LCP?”
She nodded, “Yeah, and now they’re going back to the old way of things I guess.” Ms. William giggled, “Which isn’t exactly all that bad.”
“But why go back to the old ways if they left it in the first place?” I said.
Ms. William smiled warmly, “Freedom became a bit taken advantage of,” Ms. William took her empty bowel and dumped it in the sink, “Well it’s getting late go ahead and wash up and get ready for bed. And you can leave the plate there dear, I’ll clean it.”
I stood and sulked, “Um, Ms. William, what happens once this last year is ends?”
“You’ll be introduced to a spectacular new world, sweetheart… one I truly do miss a lot.” She sighed as she picked up my dirty dishes, “And I truly wish with all my heart I could go with you.”  
I grimaced, “So you’re never allowed to return there?”
Ms. William shrugged, “Well, I don’t know.” 
I had this feeling that Ms. William couldn’t say no more: I knew it had something to do with Jane; that was the cause of all the seclusion and silence: that it is monitoring us.
“I am headed to bed Ms. William.” I said.
“Ok sweetie, sweet dreams.”  

That night, I had another strange dream: 
I was standing all by myself in front of this very house that was burrowed deep within Monarch’s Reach. The front door opened, Dr. Harris Brown stepped out, a big smile in his face, and then a lovely and elegantly dressed woman I recall seeing before: she almost looked exactly like Ms. William, followed him out, their hands intertwined.
That woman there, she was the only woman admits the clutter of men that were soon to be executed back in that nightmare I had: that’s where I remember her from. But I can’t reimage the exact recollection.
There was something different about this woman too, her stomach was bloated: like a balloon. She smiled at me too; both of their heads nodded at me.
I felt a hand grasp my shoulder; I gasped, turned and saw it was Rebecca…
“This was their home.” She said, eyeing both Dr. Harris Brown and the woman standing next to him, “And look, look Sam,” her voice became a whisper, “She’s pregnant, that’s prohibited by the Council.”
I turned back to the house and they were gone, the door left open, and this thick smog releasing out of the house.
“Ugh, where’d they go?” I said as I turned around and almost tumbled over with shock at the sight of Oliver.
“Shocked are we?” He said coldly.
My heartbeat thumped against my chest, “Oliver!” My voice cracked with my bellow of frantic alarm.
He grinned, “Ms. Rebecca I’m not here to play a petty hide-and-seek game: I know you’re right there behind that bush.” He snapped, “I’d suggest you come here, now.”
I faced that way and saw Rebecca come out of hiding. Her eyes, squinted, and face cold.
“Thank you. Now, why is it that two students are wandering about in this prohibited area?” He said, “Haven’t you both gotten into enough troubling as is?”
Rebecca cleared her throat, “If it’s so prohibited then why is it free to roam about without any restraint?” Rebecca said irritated, “I see no banners, or-or signs implying that you’re not to trespass?”
He mocked her with laughter, “Curiosity, of course.”
“Curiosity?” She replied.
Before could reply, a growl came from the bushes. 
Oliver grimaced, his eyes squinted, “Oh, how interesting is this… bring the two of you out and the fiend comes too.”
The clacking snarl and intense panting intensified… I was petrified; I couldn’t budge an inch of my body.
“Don’t move.” Oliver said.
I was fine with that: it wasn’t like I could anyways. I had to glare down at my feet for a second to make sure they weren’t attached to the ground.
From the corner of my eye I noticed Rebecca ease her way to me.
“Sam, let’s run.” She whispered.
I felt her hand take a hold of mine.
“Come Sam.” Rebecca urged, “Please…”
Oliver remained attune to the gurgling growl… perhaps there was no better time to run then now. But then again, what’s there to run from? What did he mean by Rebecca and I provoking this fiend…? I wanted to find out; I didn’t want to scurry away now. Rebecca continued pestering.
“No.” I muttered.
Oliver turned, and as he made eye contact with mine, this strange, wooly mammoth-sized fiend leaped forth from the bushes. This thing pointed its long snout in the air and yowled ferociously… the howl rang in my ear with such intensity that my body...
 
I leaped out of bed drenched in sweat at the sound of the boisterous alarm consuming my room. I switch the alarm off and stamped my head back on the pillow… I felt clammy and too hot. I groaned and rolled off the bed landing face-flat on the floor.
Why was my alarm on? Why would it even be activated since classes have yet to begin? It’s 8:30 A.M… ugh.
“Jane, what’s the point of the alarm.” I said.
I was truly angry, I normally never get angry, but right now my blood boiled… the best part of this odd nightmare was about to begin and some damn random alarm rages and wakes me. Come on! 
“I’m sorry Sam, there is no data implying the reason for the activation of the alarm.” Jane answered.
I groaned as I rose and turned to Jane’s idle monitor.
It flickered; Loading… on the bottom right.
“You have a text message waiting for confirmation.” Jane said.
“From whom?”
Who could possibly be text messaging me this early? And who… and then her name sprung to mind: Amy? Could it be her, perhaps giving me some sort of insight on her whereabouts? 
“From: Rebecca.” Jane replied.
Rebecca?
“Yeah patch it through.” 
The monitor turned white: the text message typed itself on the screen.
“Hey Sam! My mom invited you to have dinner tonight with us! Oh please, please Sam, come.”
-Message End-
I scratched my head… I kept on having déjà vu: like somehow things were repeating themselves but with Rebecca being in Amy’s old position. 
I heard a knock, and Ms. William waltzed in, dancing happily for some unapparent reason... this early in the morning. She was all dressed up in an unfamiliar manner I’ve never experienced her in: thigh-length short-shorts, a purple spaghetti-strap, and golden hair tied in a ponytail. 
“Morning sweetie! Hurry and get dressed we’re heading to go meet your teachers and then off to the Market District.” Ms. William said, “I’ll go prepare some breakfast and then get dressed.”
She left.
And I still felt very oblivious to every single thing occurring. I checked my temperature to make sure I wasn’t sick. I lolled back on the bed and stared at the calendar… it was August 21. 
The hatch near Jane opened. A glass of water and three red pills: oh how wondrous, I was already lamenting about taking these things constantly. I’ve been meaning to ask Ms. William why my dosage hasn’t been decreased since my last visit to the doctor… and I should ask Rebecca if she’s taking these too.
I gulped the pills and left the room. I stopped and stared at the beautiful painting of the horizon. I wanted to go back over there and witness it again; witness a sunset and a sunrise: I chuckled, since it was a bit odd that there wasn’t a night, the sun sets but then goes right back up!

I followed Ms. William towards the Jefferson Building. She was dressed more like her normal self: short skirt, a nice flower-blouse, and her face as lush as normal: beautiful.
“Ms. William, Rebecca invited me to have dinner tonight.” I said.
Ms. William gasped and turned around, “Oh how lovely sweetie! Becca is a big sweetheart and her mother, Mandy, is just as lovely too.”
“Will you be accompanying me?”
I felt an obligation to be courteous and ask. It was a dear old friend of hers why wouldn’t she want to accompany me.
She smiled, “I can only take you there and stick around for a bit, but I have to do some late work today. I don’t even know what time I’ll get back so you just hang around with Mandy and Becca for a bit and then just head back whenever ok.” 
I nodded.

---
Chapter
28
Comprehending the Irrational
---
In interior of the Jefferson Building brightened significantly...
A new coating of wall paint: A much brighter crème color and the marble-tiles on the floor were light blue and white. And now the long hallway had doors, with thick black numbers over the door’s arch; no more of this randomly opening sliding door: real doors, like the ones inside our townhouse! 
There was plenty of activity too: I saw a bunch of female teachers roaming from room to room, an elderly lady wearing round spectacles, pushing a big brown cart full of textbooks, and young girls following teachers and caretakers alike… again, not a single male presence. 
“I am really happy you got to witness this before you leave Sam… everything is turning normal again.” Ms. William muttered, “And now… we’re looking for rooms 27 and 28. Come.”
I followed her clacking heels down the hallway. I noticed her nodding her head and smiling warmly to each individual person that passed by: I felt a bit misplaced, I kept a smile on my face but I felt so deprived and ashamed for some reason. My face burned and I kept inching closer and closer to Ms. William; I felt due to just leap forward and grab her around the waist… was this fear?
Every step we took felt like throbbing weights pressing down against me, I felt so confined that I was about to just scream at the top of my lungs.
Muttering words smothered together, faces smeared with one another, those same haunting and staring blue eyes embracing me with awed gestures, even a couple of gasps…. When I finally heard Ms. William say something about a room I literally moved past her to enter so quickly that I knocked heads with some random girl loafing over my male presence that I didn’t even notice standing in front of the door. Grrah!
“Ouch! Hey watch it!” The girl yelped.
She shoved me back and I landed in Ms. William’s arms.
“Oops, sorry!” My voice cracked.
And what made her prone to just stand in the middle of a doorway and drool over my invisible aurora of male dominance: but then again, the door was closed, so if this girl wouldn’t have been my head’s target… perhaps the door was, and that would have brought even more embarrassment. 
I rubbed on my nose.
“Please excuse us.” Ms. William said.
She went about and Ms. William took my hand and we entered classroom 27.
Ms. William faced me and pulled a handkerchief from her purse, “Relax Sam, look at you, you’re breaking in to sweats dear. There’s nothing to fear about any of this, just breath; these are normal kids as you are.” Ms. William explained as she wiped the sweat off my forehead with her silky soft handkerchief.
I nodded. She was right and I knew I was acting this way, but I just didn’t know why either; it was natural, and overwhelming my wits of self-control and reason. How could I holster something so humanly impossible to uphold as this? Was my medication wearing thin, or was I becoming ill to my utmost necessity of consuming that drug?
I grimaced and shoved my hands in my pocket.
Gold streaks of sunlight pervaded through the now vigilant windows, blanketing my eyes with the bright reflection bouncing off the white tile. The room was decorated in a different kind of fashion; the walls had big maps, on each desk a large globe, and on the ceiling, little miniature airplanes, and, I think, space ships and shuttles.
The teacher, of course, a young beautiful female with round glasses, golden blond hair tied in a ponytail, and elegantly dressed in a one-piece, pink flower dress, was already shaking Ms. William’s hand politely. Her crystal blue eyes glazing with the beaming sunlight caught sight of me and grinned.
“Pleasure to make your acquaintance Sam. I’m Cassandra Mullen, and I will be your History and English professor.” Ms. Mullen said.
I hesitated. I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t know if I was choking over the fact that there were girls outside the door staring inside; fascinated that they’re seeing me, a boy for probably the first time? I turned away before my infused disarray of mal-content yelled curse words to drive these fiends away.
I grinned and nodded to Ms. Mullen.
“Well here’s a small list of what we’ll be learning in class.” Ms. Mullen explained to Ms. William, “There’s only three other students accompanying Sam in this course, and I’ve already met them all: sweet and kind…”
As she continued I couldn’t help but admire and lose sight and track of what she was mumbling about. My attention was glued to this small globe; it was a round map, but not an area was defined on it. No names, no nothing, just a rough surface splatter of paint, impersonating what was once a map. I ran my finger across a large green blob, and then followed my finger to a blue streak that ran down until it branched into two blue streaks. I followed the right branch as it made way to an even bigger blob of blue: The Ocean.
My thoughts bloomed to life as I imagined that day when I took sight across the ceaseless array of perpetual water, glimmering like shards of sprinkles, and painting its portrait with a gingery sunset.
Ms. Mullen cleared her throat.
I averted away from my daydream and stared at Ms. Mullen who was grimacing at my lack of interest. 
“As I was saying; we’ll learn a lot of literary terms and read plenty of poetry. You’ll enjoy the class Sam, I’m sure you will.” Ms. Mullen said overjoyed. “Do any of you have any questions for me?”
“Sam, sweetie: do you have anything?” Ms. William said.
I shook my head and moved to the door.
Ms. Mullen giggled, “Well, obviously not! So I will catch you when classes begin in the coming days.”
“It was truly a pleasure meeting you Cassandra, we’ll see you soon.” Ms. William said.
“The pleasure is all mine.” She replied. 

“Hurry on children, hurry on please!” A rowdy lady yelped across the hallway, “There’s nothing to see: quit clogging up the hallway!”
I grinned. Her auspiciousness wasn’t as effective as she had planned; since her eye contact with me was as awing as the rest of the other females wandering up and down the narrow hallway. 
I followed Ms. William and we entered the room across twenty seven: to room twenty eight.
Ms. William lurched and squinted, wiping the imaginary sweat from her brow, “What a walk Sam, my oh my!”
I grinned at her sarcasm.   
Ms. William opened the door for me and I walked in. She followed, closing it and then moving next to me.
This room was darker than Ms. Mullen’s. The blinds were slid over the windowpanes and an overhead projector had letters writing themselves on the big black monitor on the far end of the room, opposite to our entry.
The room was vacant, all desks unoccupied, including the teacher’s desk that was bare, not a textbook or any form of writing utensils.
The monitor was typing: Welcome to Ms. Jessica Amber’s class of Mathematical Algebraic Calculations; unfortunately she’ll be absent in today’s introductory period. Please note that though her absence you may still AITEXT her via her IM-Systematic System. Thank you for showing up and we’ll see you when classes begin.
Ms. William sighed, “Well, apparently she’s not here, so… let’s go get some food and buy you some new clothes... you’ve outgrown your pants!”
She shuffled my hair.
“Perhaps a haircut too… it’s a bit too shaggy.”
“Ugh, no thanks on the haircut... but I’m up for shopping and food!” I replied with a triumphant fist held high. To be honest, I didn’t care much, but I did want to just get out of this place; all this female presence was overwhelming me. Not just that, their staring eyes and dropped jaws are a bit spooky… if I have a nightmare filled with blue eyes floating about I will scream!

After leaving the overly cramped Jefferson Building, which was quite the relief for me: the outside was as vacant as normal; not a soul out here in the courtyard except for Ms. William and myself.
I didn’t mention anything to Ms. William, since I know she’d probably come up with some believable excuse, and I didn’t really want to hear her lie to me… so I just kept it to myself. And I knew there was something wrong, I just had this hunch: returning to the old ways of functioning seemed a bit futile and irrelevant, especially since they changed in the first place because of this unknown period known as the Dark Times… I guess that’s what Dr. Harris mentioned. 
Nevertheless, with his capture, meant I wouldn’t get to know anything about those times… damn Oliver for taking him away. Just remembering that day made my blood boil, I should have done something, I should have stopped him, at least help Dr. Harris. But what drastic action could I have done to have bent that conclusion? I was powerless.
“You seem awfully quiet sweetie.” Ms. William said.
What to say? 
“Hey Ms. William can you tell me more about the Dark Times?” I said.
Ms. William stopped and faced me, her brows slumped, and lips pursed. She took a deep breath and crossed her arms.
“If I could, I’d tell you Sam, but I’m not in my power to do so… and even if I did give you a small hint, it’s illegal. And surely the Council would be barging on our door immediately after even muttering anything.”
Her voice was sharper; she was obviously afraid. I knew the only person I could ask anything of this would have been Dr. Harris or perhaps Oliver, who I haven’t seen in quite some time now.
Wonder if Rebecca knows anything of it. I failed to ask; but I have this strong feeling she might know more than I. 

The sidewalk felt like it would never end. Painting perfect, square, townhouses with the small yard and archway fence kept on repeating itself, over and over and over… Ms. William’s clonking heels, her hands securing her purses strap dangling by her side, and her golden blonde hair smoldering with the sunshine.
She maintained her perfect posture: chin up, erect, and feet moving at the exact same pace; never staling or slowing down. 
Why was I noticing all of this? I couldn’t bend my attention towards anything else but all these uncanny perfections, and it was aggravating me.
The plaza came to view finally… and then the liveliness irrupted to life. As we approached, my eyes caught sight of this luxurious restaurant with an outside patio full of tables and people eating tasty looking treats and meals. The whiff had my stomach roaring.
“I know you’re going to have dinner with Rebecca, but if you’d like we can grab a quick bite over in that restaurant there. My co-workers tell me it’s quite delightful. It’s called: The Prestigo!” Ms. William said.
“Sounds good!” 
The compulsive sound of verbose chatters smothered together like the faces streaming along and around Ms. William and I. We continued through the crowds of woman and young teenage girls, goggling at the sight of me… and then out of the blue, I actually caught sight of another male, other than myself… however, he was bald and wore this stiff black suit: Council Officer, I classified quickly.
There must have been this hidden aurora surrounding this officer, or statue, since not a single woman or young woman goggled at him like they were at me: he was like invisible; yet his black beady eyes monitored thoroughly ahead. 
Ms. William stopped.
“Groom’s Hall was renamed to Coalastar, right over there.” She pointed ahead.
I stared briefly; I didn’t really care about the name change, or the fancy new flashing label, but I did however wonder if Laura was still there. That blond haired girl I saw the first time I came here last year: ever since then Ms. William has just bought me random attire, just because… I am doing what I’m doing right now, drawing attention.
I glared back at the Council Officer, he stared right back. I couldn’t budge, petrified. I don’t know what it was, but all of a sudden the area surrounding him was ablaze. His black beady eyes turned glowing in a shade of cerulean blue. His face crumbled off and Oliver’s face unmasked…

The ground trembled in steady motion with the vibrant lightning strike. The dusk sky was alit with perpetual flashes of lights, accompanied by the thin layers of misty rain.
I stood bemused, I didn’t know where I was, why I was there: this sudden strike of amnesia had me twittering off course to different unknown realms in my mind; because even though I didn’t recognize, I somehow felt that I’ve been here: experienced this very portrait.
Perhaps déjà vu… no, no it couldn’t be; what in all my inept thinking could make me believe that I can holster theology, or even be accountable for my own superstitions and believe that somehow my dreams and nightmares could be connected to my ongoing cycle of daily affairs?
I pushed forward, the mush soil slipping through the slits of my toes, watching the cold, gooey mud pass over my feet, and then feeling the ominous, yet inhabiting and welcoming perfection, of this wet mist wash over my face and trickle down to my soaked clothes.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. I saw something behind my eyelids: an image of him, Dr. Harris, but this time, he had those strange, fake, looking glowing eyes: and then Oliver came into picture, they shook hands.
Dr. Harris nodded politely, his face cheerful.
Oliver nodded back and out of nowhere he presented Dr. Harris with some brown envelope: it was sealed, I don’t know why, but the detail on the seal looked exactly like the one that’s nestled beneath my mattresses.
Dr. Harris turned to some invisible crowd… facing me, and gave me a wink…
I opened my eyes and found myself staring across a glittering ocean. The oceanic breeze tickling my nose with its salty fragrance; the sandpapery sand beneath my feet, and the roar of the ocean waves crashing over the land.
“Hi Sam.” 
The voice was familiar to me. I turned and saw Dr. Harris walking towards me. But his face was a lot more aged than what I remember, this time he had that bushy beard again like the first time I met him. 
“Dr. Harris!” I couldn’t hold back my roar of relief. The chains holding my doubt about his whereabouts and safety lifted off my shoulders… the guilt, washed away like the running waters smoothing the surface of the sand.
“So I’ve read in your profile you seem to be having strange dreams about the future. Am I correct?” He said.
I nodded. I wasn’t thinking this reunion would become some psychological debrief. And how did he know about this? I’ve never once, since last years’ odd finale, told him anything about my enduring nightmares.
“Do you believe that the nightmare you had before your release from the Consolation Chamber was believable enough to have been an actuality, or do you think it will happen in the near future to come?”
I thought about it; it’s been almost 3 years since I’ve had that vicious nightmare about the horrid execution. I tried to envision it again but I couldn’t find it anywhere in the jet-black archives of my mind: out of all the people, Amy bloomed into my thoughts.
“I don’t know.”  I replied, “And am I psychologically ill or something?”
“No, you’re not at all. You’re healthy and your vitals are beyond the exceptional standards. You’re a bright child, brighter than I’d ever imagine anyone being.”
I was confused again.
“What is this, some kind of test? I mean, I don’t know what is happening Dr. Harris… I don’t even know why I’m here, at the beach! I was just in a forest and now here? What’s happening to me?”
“Well, somehow you suffered from a random faint that left you here. In the desolate space between mind and soul; perhaps the spiritual aspect of a human being: the part of the body that scientists or researchers can’t venture into. 
There are many unanswered questions and I’ve sought them Sam, I’ve sought and sought, and I’ve come short to find any form of resolution… I need you Sam, you have something that I’ve been searching for; and it’s in your mind. But I can’t say anything here, and it’s too complicated for an inept mind to comprehend. So all I will tell you now is that: I am safe, Sam, I did escape, and I will seek you. Now awaken…”

The Council Officer kept his sight on me: he grinned, and then continued his watch.
I stood there, motionlessly trying to decipher what had just occurred in that… I didn’t really know what to explain it as: Vision? It felt so real, too real; but here I am still standing in the same spot I was before I had it. And Ms. William stood near the Coalastar door waiting on me to come.
Could time have stood still? Is there some form of illogical and un- theorized cause to a put a stop in space-time continuum to just freeze itself in a climactic moment?
I had to go speak to someone about this; I needed some form of knowledge to comprehend my visions, because this wasn’t the first. Dr. Harris or Oliver why can’t either of you appear like you both use to? Why am I here again, this even more deprived than I’ve ever been… Rebecca was my only consolation right now and I must seek her; I must see her now.

---
Chapter
29
Degrading Perfection
---
I told Ms. William to pick me out some normal looking clothes in Coalastar and then hopped up and left towards Rebecca’s resident. I slit through the crowd of annoying, babbling, and gawking woman to break free onto the more deserted pavement that lead to the residential areas.
Many things were going through my mind; more than I’ve ever had before in any given moment because right now: I felt an unusual pervaded and darker version of panic. And to be honest, there was no reason for me to feel this way: can human emotions be so out of whack like this? Could there be some rational allocation that could interpret and inject the proper dose of tranquil to ease these forms of malfunction?
No, no, what am I thinking? Do I actually believe that this body I’m in could hold bound to imperfections? As adorned, as perfected and beautiful and blissful, and any other word that defines perfection better than what I’ve used, mean that I out of all of the people don’t flow the same way?
I stopped, looped around to stare behind me. There it was… so I was wrong all along, the fiend whom I thought was actually a man: Dr. Harris, was in fact an actual beast.
This grizzly looking thing, long snout, and rigid, yet sharp, blood stained teeth, gnawed and grinded, sniffing and purring. It stood on his hind legs, erecting its body, and outstretching its long and slender paws towards me. Its muscles broadened, claws slowly released from its paws, and cricketing-purring brought forth a wistful snarl.
I couldn’t move. My mind wanted me to run away, but my muscles were as stiff as the very pavement my feet stood upon.
“Guardian, calm yourself!” Oliver bellowed.
And there he was, he who I sought, coming to rescue me… and then this odd, déjà vu type moment struck me like a slap in the face. This felt awfully familiar to me, too familiar… the only difference was: Rebecca wasn’t with me this time.
And he called this ugly, wolf-looking thing a Guardian?
Oliver snapped his fingers.
“I command you to YIELD, NOW!” He yelled again.
The Guardian faced him and fiercely roared, whining and dispersing this disgusting mucus from its nostrils.
“He’s not a threat; so I’d suggest calming yourself.”
The Guardian shook his head and reamed its long arm against the pavement, spreading spider-webbing cracks across the surface. It got back on all four and its long hair that stretched from his hunchbacked back down to his long, thin tail, spiked up. It barked uncontrollably. 
I remained frozen.
Oliver however had some type of slender, gadget held against his ear; though the fiend’s outbursts cut my hearing, one of the indecipherable words were: EMQ.
The ground trembled. A mass of clattering, and powerful blows to the ground got closer, and closer. I turned around and noticed more Guardian type fiends approaching from all directions.
“Sam…” I heard Oliver say.
He moved closer to me.
“This is a classified event… every person who witnesses anything to do with our outside forces are released indefinitely. Thus why Mr. Cove had to be taken away, he saw what you saw; he saw this out of control Guardian.” Oliver explained.
I didn’t think this felt like the proper time to actually explain things, especially when there were a bunch of them closing in from every direction. But since he did specify: Out of Control, he could have meant this one exclusively, out of the rest, was actually disobeying his wishes. Which obviously it was.
“I’ll say more after this, but for now… just relax.”
Relax? Did he seriously tell me to: Relax? This gigantic thing seemed eager to rip me into shred and there are even more of them coming… how can I relax? 
I fell on my knees. Oliver grasped my collar.
“Sam!” He yelped.
My empty stomach gurgled until I splattered vomit all over the ground. I felt awful, my hands shivered, my throat burned, and my head felt due to just tumble off my shoulders.
I felt another hand clutch onto the back of my shirt: it dragged my limp body off the pavement. My eyes however were still on; and I saw the other Guardians pounce and fight against the renegade one.
The taunts and barks, scratching and grinding, it all tore into me too. I felt what that stray one felt. I screamed at the top of my lungs until I couldn’t hear anything anymore… until I didn’t see any more… until the cold, comforting numbness consumed my whole.
 
I opened my eyes.
“Welcome back, Sam.” I heard someone say. The deep voice was unrecognizable to me.
“Good to see you well.”
That one I did recognize, that was Oliver.
I lifted my head from the comfort of the pillow and noticed I was alone in this small, square sized room, with a single bed, and a door. 
“Explain Oliver.” I said.
“It’s not over yet Sam, you’re in your final year and soon you’ll progress to your LCP destination: we’ll explain a little, but we’re not allowed to until you’ve left the Preteritus Facility to ensure discretion.” The deep voice said.
“Oliver, tell me what I witnessed, please!”
“Let me explain. There is a final class to our domesticated powers that ensure tranquil resolutions and perfections in our installation: The Myrmidons and Guardians. We look and seek those that wish to mal… and that person thus far is Dr. Harris Brown; he who’s defied us too many times already and we’ve yet to capture him. 
And then that renegade Guardian… who for some strange reason saw you as a threat. Guardians are tamed by us, but also have their own special exclusions and hunches, and they follow instincts… and you were its target. We normally don’t deploy necessary protocol on indiscriminate accusations since their hunches are such a rarity, but when only one has a predestined hunch…then that’s when problems persist.”
“We’ve been highly monitoring you Sam. And thanks to you we were able to find that hidden house in Monarch’s Reach; a place of ridicule where Dr. Harris hid his spouse…”
“Please, let me give an explanation. I owe him that right.” Oliver interrupted.
Still no name to that low voiced man. Oliver did well to hide it and I didn’t exactly know where I was. A white bed, and completely white room… nobody around but their voices speaking to me through speakers on the far right corner near the door.
I remained attentive. I hadn’t budged.
“What my fellow Myrmidon speaks is true. You and Rebecca led us to Dr. Harris’s old hideout… but he cleaned that place out so well that we couldn’t even find a single trace to his new location. However, this did bring a bunch of assumptions and determinations on the table: He can have others. So we’re scouting, sending our Guardian’s to venture throughout the outskirts to locate any other place like the one in Monarch’s Reach.”
I grimaced, “H-how did you lose him back in the Funerals?” I asked.
That I was truly curious about. I had this premonition Oliver let him go… I just know he did! There is something there, Oliver and Dr. Harris know each other, but perhaps that information I can only dig up if I ask Dr. Harris in person.
“You spotted him at the Funerals?” The low voiced man erupted at Oliver.
There was this moment of silence.
“I don’t know what ill trickery Dr. Harris used, one moment I was eye to eye with him and the next my face was in the dirt, you were gone too. When the monitoring system located you, you we’re already back at your Caretaker’s.” 
I thought for a second. That’s what happened to me too, all of a sudden I just blacked out… could this have really happened to Oliver to? 
“Tell me about The Dark Times.”
“That I can’t talk about until you’re released from Preteritus.” Oliver said.
“Oliver we must head and inform the Council about our accomplishment, we can’t let this boy debrief us like we’re some criminals! The hell with it, release him from custody and let’s go.” The man said.
“Understood. Sam, I’ll contact you later.”
So they left me here all by myself without saying a single word on how to get out of this tiny cubical. I rose from the bed and inched towards the door. I pressed my head against it to see if I could hear anything on the other side: footsteps, a lot of footsteps.
 I felt hesitant to even grab a hold of the knob, but this small area in my brain had an unrelenting curiosity to press forward: to venture in onto this uncharted local where I was left. But then again this place could easily be the Council Offices near the Jefferson Building, and I’m in some kind of debriefing special-room or something… I grinned at my own unbelievable array of consecutive imaginary jabber.
I opened the door and stared down the hallway, nothing but an endless corridor… for a second I thought I was staring down the same hallway I saw when I was first released from my Consolation Chamber. I shook my head and the room came back to normal. I was in the Medical Facility. 

I didn’t see many people inside the Medical Facility as I made my way through. Of course the extraordinarily attractive reception lady, but the lobby was empty, and I hardly saw any nurses either; just one… and not a single patient in any of the wide open rooms. I wandered if I’d just imagined those footsteps I heard.
I stood still staring out the door in the lobby. The day outside was a lot different. Dark, gloomy, and I heard hissing wind outside the glass doors. I felt terrified, those Guardians… what if they were still out there, sniffing my tracks: another renegade maybe?
“What’s wrong, err…,” the lobbyist hesitated, “Mr. Sam, correct?”
I turned to her and nodded.
She giggled. “Cat’s got your tongue?”
Cat has my tongue, what?
“Excuse me?”
“You’re very quiet and standing there, looking out the door… are you waiting for someone?”
She was so beautiful that her grin took my breath away.
“How long have I been in here?”
She tapped her pen on the table and shuffled through some papers on her desk.
“Hmm… well, it doesn’t show anyone checking you in, however, there’s a no-name entry here that states, if this no-name is in fact you, you’ve been here for roughly a little over 2 hours.” She said.
I rushed out in a sprint passed the double doors and ran as fast as I could through these haunted and vacant pavements leading to the Residential Area. Paranoia grasped my conscious; I repeatedly glared behind me, making sure no Guardian would appear out of the blue like it did before. I didn’t know if I could handle so much pressure; for the first time I actually believed that I needed to take my medication. But then again, I was eager to see Rebecca.
Sheets of hazy rain prickled my face delicately as it came down. I slowed down to catch my breath. I stopped near townhouse: 221. I stared through the dreary alleyway that leads to Monarch’s Reach, I didn’t know why, but I longed to just see Rebecca passing by.
At that moment, flashes of lightning illuminated the alleyway enough to catch glimpse of a shadowed passerby with illuminated blue eyes, but the glimpse wasn’t enough to differentiate him to be anyone I know. It continued by until another vibrant flash extinguished the shroud. I wiped the dripping water from my face and held my position, staring at the exact same spot to see if I could witness another random passerby. However, my hesitation and fear kept on holding me back from jumping the fence and just running to witness these mysterious Myrmidons… or at least I thought they were Myrmidons. I still have yet to grasp the entire glowing-blue-eyes concept, and the word: Myrmidon for that matter.

I felt filthy and disgusting. Drenched in water from head to toe, my feet all gushy and muddy… ugh. I was actually afraid to even show my face at Rebecca’s house. I peered behind my shoulder again, a natural thing that has besieged my cognizant, and I somehow couldn’t even bend my attention to anything else besides something jumping out at me. 
But I continued to stare back; there was nothing but drizzling rain clapping against the muddy pavement, and tall perfect trees slumped over water-falling mounds of water against the permeating soil and water. I couldn’t put a finger on the change of atmosphere, and I’ve yet to fully grasp this rain… I’ve read of rain, seen pictures of it, but never have I experienced being caught in one. Two years here and not a single drop of water has befallen, and now all the perfection I saw washed away.    

---
Chapter
30
Innocence
---
Rebecca’s residence finally came into view: Townhouse 253.
I knocked.
The door opened and Rebecca stood there with a crooked smile. She looked captivating: her angelic expression, arms crossed, as she tapped her feet like she’s been waiting for me for a period of time. Rebecca had on a wrinkly spaghetti-strap blouse with little pink and white flowers, and long blue sweats. 
“Oh wow, nice.” She said as she tried to suppress her laughter.
I cleared my throat, “Um now would be a great time to invite me in.”
Rebecca moved away from the door and left it clear for me to go in. My squeaking feet went over the cold tile until I sat down on a chair next to the dining table.
“You’re a bit late Sam… we already had dinner and Ms. William joined us too! She brought you some clothes too, they’re on my bed in my room. She said something about you having to spend the night tonight because she has to do some overnight thing at her work.”
I groaned.
Rebecca hurried over and gave me a hug. Her warmth soothed me from my ice-cold clothing sticking to my skin.
“How uh…” I hesitated, my lips quivered and body shook uncontrollably, “H-how long has it been since Ms. William came by?” I asked.
There was something going on… and perhaps the lobbyist lady was in fact wrong: I must have been there longer than I had anticipated.
Rebecca went to the refrigerator, “Well, we don’t know Sam! Ms. William came strolling by and we were expecting you to be with her, but then she told us that she expected you to be here… and then the EMQ alert hit. So we were stuck in there for 3 hours! I was about to go insane, Sam… hearing my mom and Ms. William yapping about useless stuff, UGH! Insanity! But overall maybe like 4 hours since it’s about 5pm.” 
I didn’t recall the exact time Ms. William and I left the Jefferson building, but four hours did sound pretty accurate. 
Rebecca opened the fridge and pulled out a jug of some strange golden-brown liquid and set it on the counter. She placed a pan on the stove and poured it inside.
“Making hot apple cider!” She said gleefully.
My freezing and shaking body can surely use some hot apple-what-ever-she said right about now; a hot bath felt tremendously welcoming too. I was shivering so hard that my teeth were gritting; I couldn’t even concentrate. I squinted and grimaced; setting my head on the table. I closed my eyes warmly accepting the consuming jet-black abyss spiraling around in the back of my eyelids until I couldn’t feel or hear anything anymore...
“Here you go Sam.”
I gasped.
Rebecca giggled, “Wow! Did you pass out or something?”
She slid the cup of warm cider towards me, “This should wake you up.” 
I scoffed, “It b-better!”
We both laughed together.
I felt at peace. Even though my overly uncomforting wet clothes sticking against my skin continued to pester me… I found myself enjoying this moment here with her. 
I took the cup of cider and sipped a bit of it. I felt the hot trickle go all the way down until I felt it plop inside my stomach. I didn’t really find it desirable… I mean it smelled sweet and delicious but its hotness ruined the entire taste in my mouth. I set the cup down.
“Tastes good?”
“It’s wonderful, Becca.” I said.
I lied, obviously. I mean it wasn’t that she made it bad, the smell and the warmth was almost desirable, if and only if, the taste would have coped its fragrance.  
“Where’s Ms. Malcolm?” I asked.
Rebecca shrugged, “Well… I don’t know, she said she had to do some late work at the Medical Facility. So I don’t know when she’ll return.”
“Ms. William told me she had to do some late work today also… a bit strange”
“It is!” She quickly said, “Amy told me Ms. Johnson was bombarded with a bunch of late work before they… uh… disappeared Sam. Do you think it’s a coincidence?”
I hadn’t thought of it. Especially since I wasn’t aware about that little bit of information about Ms. Johnson having late work before her disappearance. I mean what could the two have in common?
“I don’t know.”
“So where were you at all day today?” 
I didn’t feel comfortable explaining my disappearance inside the kitchen. I mean as highly monitored I’ve been, and not to mention I promised Oliver I wouldn’t say anything about what had occurred. But I wanted to tell Rebecca, I just felt the need to: she had to know of this, or perhaps she already knew and is being pestered about keeping this illegality secret as I am.
“Is it secret?” She finally said after I remained silent for a prolonged amount of time.
I nodded.
Rebecca faced the refrigerator and stared at their AI CAM.
“Sarah what’s today’s date?” Rebecca said.
“Hello Ms. Rebecca, today’s date is: September 19. You have 2 more days until your birthday.” Sarah replied.
Sarah seemed… a tad bit more mechanically sounding than my AI Jane.
I straightened my posture and stared aimlessly at Rebecca. Her birthday, that’s the same date as mine.
“I was born in September 21 too…” I muttered uncomfortably.
She giggled, “I know… mom told me! But here’s the thing though. Theoretically our birthdates aren’t justified by the fact that we were born in the same day. Our birthday is classified by the date we were released from our Consolation Chamber. So just because we were released on the same date doesn’t mean we were born in the exact same day in September, perhaps I could be a day or two younger or older than you!” 
“Who told you this?” 
Rebecca gasped and then pursed her lips, “Ah crap!” Her grimace lifted into a curious grin, “Well… um… uh… a random stranger with really bright blue eyes told me. I ask a lot of questions….”
I laughed, “I guess.”
She did talk a lot. But that strange, bright blue eyed individual: I am assuming it’s Oliver.
I lowered to a whisper, “Why’d you ask about the date?”
She got closer to me, “I wanted to see if the AI was still active.”
Rebecca’s own astuteness could have left me fooled. So her AI was on a time cycle? I didn’t want to ask.
“Want to go out for a walk?” I asked.
Rebecca looked at me a bit confused, “Outside, in the rain? Get wet?” She giggled, “I see how comfy you are all cold and wet, I… uh am perfectly happy as I am. Dry.”
I forced another gulp of the now lukewarm cider.
“And it’s about time for lockdown, as you can look at the clock. Might as well spend the night tonight since you probably won’t make it back to your townhouse on time... and then be locked out and get into trouble again.”
Rebecca was so astoundingly witty that I couldn’t hold my laughter back enough. I wonder if she knew about the time I wandered about in the old preservation zone. 
“Did he mention about the second time I got into trouble?”
She nodded, “I asked him.”
“Have you ever been remotely curious about it too?”
Rebecca didn’t quite understand what I meant by “It,” but I was referring to day and night.
I groaned, “You know, I hate that we can’t ever have a private conversation because of these stupid AI monitors constantly tracking our jabber.” I turned towards the AI CAM and nodded, “Thank you.”
Rebecca patted me on the back, “Well you can always tell me, I mean what’s the worst that can happen? We’ll get confiscated and asked questions and then told: Not to mention anything to anyone about the events seen, or something like that.”
She was right. I mean out of all the things I’ve done I’ve yet to even experience any bad punishment. And now that I know about these mythological fiends known as Guardians… what more can they do? 
I took a deep breath, but something held my words back; I couldn’t say what I wanted to say. I ran my fist against the table and got up.
“Leaving?” Rebecca muttered.
I nodded.
“I have secrets too Sam. Just so you know.” 
I grimaced, “I just can’t, Becca... I can’t compromise our safety.”
She grinned, “I understand, but look… is it about them.”
I followed her eyes to the kitchen sink and up to the window sill until my body’s reaction moved ahead from my consciousness’s reaction, finding myself tripping over the chair and banging my head against the floor.
“SAM!”
I felt Rebecca grab my collar and shake me. My head throbbed and this unnatural daze continued to stop my every action. The thought of that thing I saw sparked adrenaline to just erase the pain away and rise.
“Becca, we need to run!”
I took her hand and tried dragging her towards the door, but she remained stiff.
“Wait Sam, wait… what is it?” 
I stood startled. I mean when I saw a Guardian, which it was, right there, staring at us outside the window: it's hot breath smearing the window with fog, I couldn’t budge either, but not out of fascination, but out of the incomprehensible dread.
“It’s a Guardian.” I muttered. 
Rebecca stared at me with an arched eyebrow puckered up, “You’ve seen this thing before?”
I honestly didn’t know why I was standing here answering her question when I should be out the door running in hopes that a Myrmidon might see this hideous thing outside his area of vicinity. And where’s the AIA alert system? Where’s the EMQ call?
I nodded, “Yes, I’ve seen them …”
“Another, there are more?”
“Yes! That’s why we need to get out!” I said.
I sighed and inched towards the door. And as the tips of my finger touched the knob the beast’s ferocious howl cracked the window over the sink.
Rebecca finally leapt to her senses and ran towards me.
The loud EMQ alert beamed its sirens.
Rebecca clutched my hand as I opened the door and we both broke into a sprint into the haze of rain. Our splattering footsteps striking the pavement matched the thumping sound of my heart.
I glared back briefly and saw nothing but the rainy mist consuming the atmosphere. I slowed down and halted, Rebecca slamming against me to a stop: apparently she wasn’t paying attention to my motion… 
“S-Sorry Sam!” She huffed and puffed, squinting over, “I’m really scared!”
My lips quivered as my pumping adrenaline slowed to a crawl with the bustling breeze and ice cold rain intensifying around us. 
“Me too Becca.” I replied.
Rebecca angrily sighed, “Gah! Why isn’t there anyone else around…? EVER! I mean, ok, it is raining, and I wouldn’t want to get wet either… but hey, even when the day’s nice and warm and cozy, not a single civilized individual wanders about when I’m out and about… and where’s all this highly monitored business crap John and that Oliver guy mentioned, huh? Sam, Sam are you even listening?”
I was listening, but the words entered one ear and went right back out the other. Sure I caught some points, but I couldn’t help but remain silent; I was too cold to talk, too cold to even remain sane. So I just nodded.
“Well say something!” She yelled.
I groaned, “I-I think we s-should um,” I hesitated and shook my head, “We should get inside the Jefferson Building.”
Rebecca glared behind me, “And where exactly are we?”
I shrugged, “Um, somewhere in the middle of the courtyard?”
She giggled, “This is exciting Sam…”
“Exciting isn’t exactly what I had in mind; perhaps: terrifying or horrific”
“I believe they mean the same thing Sam, but listen, this is so much more exciting than our average go-to-class day!”
Before I replied, the Guardian stood on its hind legs inching towards Rebecca, who was unaware that it was behind her. I stooped over and picked up a random rock from the mush soil.
“Rebecca MOVE!”
She leaped forward and I chunked this piece of rock with my utmost might. The rock soared until it hit it square in the forehead.
I took Rebecca’s hand and dragged her with me into the unknown depths of the rainy shroud.
“Run, run!” I bellowed.
“W-where are w-we Sam! I don’t know where we are, where we’re going!” She said terrified.
I didn’t know where we were going either. All I know was that we wandered off away from the sidewalk that lead to the Jefferson Building and we were now on an unknown route through mush sands and bundled trees with outstretched branches. I slowed down to a walk and caught Rebecca in my arms. I felt her whimpering on my chest.
For that brief second I looked at my surroundings: we were in the outskirts behind the Jefferson Building, perhaps around the Chapel’s farther perimeter near the old Preservation Zone. 
Continuous howls and clonks came from all directions. I didn’t know if it was an echo or more Guardians moping about around us.
“Be weary.”
I heard a stray, unrecognizable voice in the wind, murmuring.
I felt Rebecca gasp softly.
“It’s right in front of you, hiding in the bushes… do not make any sudden movements. This shouldn’t take long.” 
I gulped a mouthful of air.
Not a second later I saw a long, sleek black, barrel pass by next to me, the trickling rain tapped on the metal, smoothing the black like a finely polished apple. I heard the safety click off.
“Get down and cover your ears.” He said.
The voice was so well muffled that I couldn’t recognize it. In the corner of my eye I noticed a white veil covering his face. We did what he asked, I knelt down and covered my ears, and Rebecca wrapped her hands around me and pressed her face hard against my chest. 
The blast from the gun left my head ringing. 
The bushes shivered and I heard the Guardian’s howling whimper as it ran off elsewhere.
He set the gun down on the ground and faced us.
“You both are safe… for now at least.” He hesitated for a moment, and continued staring at both Rebecca and I, “What are two younglings as yourselves wandering about without supervision?”
  Rebecca cleared her throat and rose, “Well, we were running from that thing you just shot… a bit obvious is it not?”
The man scoffed, “Obviously.”
“Obviously.” She sneered back.
“Thank you.” I said.
He turned to me, “You’re very welcome. Anyways, I’d suggest leaving.”
“And who are you?” Rebecca said.
“I don’t know Rebecca, who am I?”
“It’s Becca, and I don’t know who you are. Look at you; you’re covered from head to toe, am I suppose to make some educated guess….”
I knew it was Dr. Harris; his voice was finally becoming apparent. This unexpected overjoyed phenomenon literally pumped the blood through my veins so abruptly that I felt as though I’d dry my own clothes due to my temperature change.
“Dr. Harris!” I bellowed.
Rebecca faced me baffled, and then face Dr. Harris again, “Huh… this is the famous Dr. Harris?”
Dr. Harris giggled, “Ding, ding, you’re right.”
“Those Myrmidons and Jason’s Council Officers are like seeking you pretty unrelenting…”
“And the Guardians…” Dr. Harris added as he fluttered his index finger in the air.
“Yeah and those big, ugly things too! Ugh!” She groaned and turned to me, “Now is a good time to explain to me why that-that thing was after us, or m-me!”
Dr. Harris cleared his throat, “Well, Sam doesn’t know… Thomas has done well to hide the reason they seek both you. The thing is, it’s only a rare few that have all of a sudden chose to have odd hunches and actually follow their instincts and go after that individual prey insistently…”
“Thomas is Oliver?” I muttered a bit uncertainly.
He nodded, “Yes. That’s his official name from the outside world… they give people in this facility code names… eh, thus the reason you don’t have a last name. The odd part is your last name will sometimes resemble your Caretaker’s last name, but individual first names are sometimes changed.” He explained.
Rebecca sneered, “Ok, then what’s your real name?”
Dr. Harris shrugged, “Well… it’s Harris Brown. I’d tell you the reason why, but,” he turned to me and winked, “Best to not delve into subjects that are over your head.”
After this moment I did notice how Rebecca got her information… she talked a whole lot and asked a mess of questions.
“Ha ha! I think I can handle complicated subjects.” Rebecca said.
He burst with laughter, “I love your attitude Rebecca, but no, not here, and not now. Thomas and his Myrmidons will show up any moment. So, I’ll leave you both knowing you’re safe. I’ll try and catch you all later. In the mean time, happy early birthday Sam and Rebecca! I wish you both the best.”
“Wait, Dr. Harris. Sir, wait one minute.” I pleaded.
He faced me.
“I, uh… I had this odd dream of you and Oliver admits an audience made up of my eyes solely… and he handed you an envelope, one I’ve seen before,” I hesitated, I didn’t feel the need to imply that I have that very envelope tucked beneath my mattresses, but what if he knew of it, what if he had placed it there to begin with, “Then you faced me and told me you’re safe, and alive… which you are…”
Dr. Harris cleared his throat, “It’s impossible for me to explain dreams or nightmares. They’re wrought by the soul’s innermost longings and desires… something I was researching quite thoroughly before my little incident.”
“You mean your crime!” Rebecca sneered.
I groaned, “Rebecca please”
“I never take back the actions I’ve brought upon me with remorse… I embrace them and learn from them. Before you judge best to delve and feel the things I felt and then react to the circumstances with the same assiduousness and see where it leads you.” He said and then ran into the wilderness, disappearing in the shadows of the cluttered trees.
Rebecca slapped my arms, “Come on Sam! That’s Dr. Harris Brown, the notorious wanted felon sought by the Council… we’d just let him waltz like that?”
I nodded, “He’s a good man Becca, I don’t know but the little time I’ve spent with him, hearing what he has to say… I’ve had this hunch that I know him somehow. I don’t know though”
“Ok so you know him a bit, it still doesn’t hide what he’s done!”
“And what has he done?”
Rebecca stood there with arms crossed and lips pursed. She squinted her eyes, “Well uh… I honestly don’t know.”
“Precisely, so you have no reason to condemn him or judge him.”
She rushed up and hugged me, “Your sounding so astute Sam… I guess that class we took together didn’t hop on out of your brain after all!” 
I giggled with a touch of sarcasm, “Gee thanks a bunch!”
Rebecca poked her head from her embrace and smirked at me, “Anytime… so can we get out of this cold, icky place and find our way back to my cozy home?”
“Shouldn’t we wait for Oliver?”
“Thomas.” She corrected.
“Here he’s named Oliver, would be a bit strange calling him that other name… besides he’d know we’ve made contact with-you-know who.”
She groaned, “Ugh, whatever, let’s get out of here, please!” She persisted.
I agreed with her and just chose to leave. I felt as awful and nasty as she did… my shoes were now soiled with mucky water and mud, my clothes still sticking to my skin, and the cold breeze just intensifying my discomfort. It wouldn’t be long before Oliver uncovered the wounded Guardian, if it in fact returned and informed them about what he saw… and strange thing is: How exactly can these beasts verbally communicate with the Myrmidons about their hunches if they only howl? I didn’t think much into it, but again, another interesting subject to harass Oliver about the next time I see him.
---
Chapter
31
Forging Infinity
---
Rebecca and I hurried through the stretch of wilderness… 
Behind the Recreational Facility. Or so I assumed we were behind the Recreational Facility, regardless of where we were, we were still surrounded by a bunch of imperfect woods. 
Rebecca had a quicker stride than I, her grip was tight, and her panting had me worried… I knew she was afraid, but I didn’t know what to feel because after seeing Dr. Harris again I found this peace of mind.
A clearing finally appeared and we hit the branching pavement that lead to the Chapel and Jefferson Building. We took the opposite route that lead towards the Residential Areas.
“Wonder where Oliver is…” I muttered.
“I don’t know, your friend there said he was coming… when’s the last time you saw him?”
“Well… when I was attacked he was there warning the beast not to attack me, and then I found myself in the Medical Facility and Oliver and some other random Myrmidon speaking to me through speakers, I didn’t see their faces.” 
I hesitated and tried to clarify my wording more specifically since I spoke so fast, I was confusing myself at the bundled gibberish just ejecting out of my mouth so sporadically, “Supposedly he was going to go to the Council. Something like that. So he could have easily been stalled, and not have any knowledge of the event that just pertained.”
I thought for a second, I completely forgot why he was going to see the Council for; I didn’t even know if he mentioned anything about it in the first place.
“But I honestly forgot anything else he said in the Medical Facility”
She turned around and rolled her eyes, “Come on Sam, these are important things you should be attentively listening to!”
“You want to hear something really strange though?”  
“Ha-ha… because what just happened isn’t strange enough? Come on let me hear it.” Rebecca said eagerly.
“He was speaking to the Guardian and it sounded like it understood him, and he understood its growls!”
“That is uh… scary,” she took my hand again and dragged me with her, “Let’s go now.”
There were a bunch of other things they said but I didn’t feel the need to mention them to Rebecca at this time and place. I just felt so disgusting I wanted to get to the townhouse and take a nice hot shower and relax... and then perhaps I’ll mention more about the Myrmidons and Guardians blah, blah, and more blah... 

“Sam you can shower in the main bathroom, I’ll go use my mom’s bathroom in her room.” Rebecca said, “The bag with your clothes and stuff are next to my bed in my room. I’ll see you in a bit.”
She hurried along and entered Ms. Malcolm’s room. Obviously Ms. Malcolm wasn’t home yet… I found it highly unusual. I felt worried, not just about her, but about Ms. William too…

That evening I had a dream…

“Outsiders…”
“Soulless Wanderers…”
My heartbeat felt spastic at the sound of those words.
“It’s been awhile since I’ve heard those words before…” I heard somebody mutter, “They were once thought to be archaic, something lost with time’s course onwards to infinity.”
I opened my eyes.
A clear stretch of treeless plains was accompanied by ominous storm clouds wafting over the horizon. The long, knee-high, grass danced with the inconsistent gusts of furious wind, and a light sprinkle started to trickle.
I saw the man standing not too far from me, his back towards me, and he stared ahead to what looked like a cliff edge. I couldn’t see his features; he had this long, black hooded cloak on that covered him from head to toe.
“We’ve sought through these barren fields of abandoned pastures in search of some anarchy that could have caused the folly or some higher knowledge to man’s past,” he turned and faced me, his face covered by a glinting silver mask, “Yet our search has been hopeless, since not a single trace of our origin has been found. Follow.”
He made his way towards the cliff edge, I followed him.
“Where are we?”
He faced me, the silver mask reflecting the many flashes of lightning sparking outwards the stormy sky. I saw myself too… my blurred face.
“Vanguard’s Altar, beautiful isn’t it? Even as the storm embraces it with its nurture. But enough questions, come, we must press on.”
The man knelt before the edge of the cliff and stared below.
There wasn’t much, the steep cliff lead down towards a beachfront made up of dirty ocean sand and murky, thunderous ocean water crashing over the surface.  
He pointed down towards a single, ruined, archway, standing solely in the midst of the sand. Could that small heap of ruin be something our ancestors left behind? I couldn’t read his mind, and I wasn’t finding any point to this: or the reason he masks his face, or the reason why my face is blurred… I felt aghast.
“The ocean waters have washed away much bloodshed that’s spilt on that shoreline. Imperfections are wrought to be brought back in the same serene state of mind one came in when we awoke after birth. Innocence… all because the President wishes to forge infinity on the palm of his hand.”
“What are you getting at?”
I had a small hunch he was speaking of The Council President’s job, the one who forges ideology and concepts on how life should be maintained and kept… and even look like: Adorned… was I thinking this, how could this random thought blurt out of my mind as though I knew this? Ideology? Concepts on what? Examples how to run an entire species as he sees fit? 
There I went again, thinking faster than my conscious could decipher my own contemplation.  
“Mankind has a single falter in its humanistic system… we try to find reason where there’s none. We take a perfect civilization, crafted to endure hardships and follies where many other civilizations have come crashing down over… remove certain alienated rights: and then perfection is reached, and equilibrium has justified the loss. But, then again, there’s a small attribute that can’t be removed… and this attribute is what destroys many: curiosity, because of that single instinctive catalyst many have been put away… and watching that breaks my heart.”
“W-who are you?”
“I’m him; I’m the one who holds all truth in the blackest space in the corridors of my mind, I’m the one that holds to key to allow knowledge, to unlock the doors that detain many from seeing the light: I am him, I’m the President.” 

---
Chapter
32
To The Departed
---
The next morning I found myself laying face-flat on Rebecca’s floor…
That man, the one from the dream, the so-called: President, had me wondering about these Outsiders and Soulless Wanderers. To be honest… I don’t know, he mentioned the phrase as though the subject had been a closed chapter, but Oliver did speak of them to me a while back… and Oliver isn’t exactly normal. 
What if Oliver and his Myrmidons are the Outsiders and the Guardian’s are soulless wanderers? It did make a bit of sense, or was I thinking over my head again?
I flipped over and stared at the ceiling, snuggling my head more comfortably on my pillow, which Ms. William so-happened to have stashed in this large, black sack. The bright sunlight slit through the blinds; glad to see the disgusting sight from yesterday has been erased from the atmosphere. 
I heard Rebecca shuffling around on her bed. I half expected her to have stayed in Ms. Malcolm’s room, but I guess after that confrontation with that Guardian, she probably didn’t want to be alone... neither did I. 
I heard the large monitor whirr on. A Loading… on the right corner appeared and the monitor suddenly flashed white erratically.
“Good morning Rebecca, today: September 20th is a free day. There’s one more day before your birthday. There are no messages currently in your in-box. Good-bye.” Sarah, the AI, said.
The monitor switched to static and then buzzed off.
“You know, if it’s a free day, then why does that stupid mechanical AI thingy have to go and wake us up?” Rebecca groaned.
“Morning, Becca.” I said.
“Splendid day I see… that’s always a good sign, maybe there are no more of those things out there ready to eat us.”
I heard the sarcasm in her voice. 
“Did Ms. Malcolm ever get back?”
She yawned, “Ah… well, I don’t know! Maybe… um, I do smell something cooking so that must mean she’s back!”
My nose finally caught the scent of something; I couldn’t put my finger on what it was, but I did have a hunch that it reminded me of Ms. William’s cooking. Could she have come early to pick me up? 
“Hey, there’s been something I’ve been wanting to ask you”
Rebecca’s head poked from the edge of her bed, “Shoot.” 
“Have you ever heard of the Dark Times?”
She shook her head, “Um, nope. Is that some historical event or something?”
“That’s the thing: I’ve only heard really, really vague information about it… Dr.”
Rebecca cleared her throat abruptly, “That sucks…” she squinted her eyes and then nodded her head towards the monitor, “Perhaps,” her voice lowered to a whisper, “Best to talk about these matters when we’re outside.”
I nodded.
Strange she hasn’t heard of the Dark Times; that took me by surprise, unless she’s playing oblivious to the entire entity… but why would she? Or she’s playing some impressive pretense due to the monitor being on the wall… I did however speak out of bound in here: I wanted to slap myself in the face now for even saying that! Now the Council Officers and John will be barging at Ms. Malcolm’s door thanks to my loose tongue.  
A knock on the door startled me; Rebecca gasped.
“Good morning sleepy heads!” Ms. Malcolm waltzed in with a silver platter composed of two glasses of water and a plate with 6 red pills, “Oops!” She giggled, “I didn’t mean to spook you two! Sorry!” Ms. Malcolm apologized. 
Rebecca smirked, “It’s ok mom!”
Ms. Malcolm sighed in relief, “Phew! Good, well here’s your medicine, and breakfast is on the table whenever you both are ready to chow down!”
Ms. Malcolm had this captivating aurora… not just because of her eye-catching glamorousness, but because her attitude was so carefree… but Ms. William is the same way, and so was Ms. Johnson… personalities are contagious.
I did find it odd that she didn’t comment at all about her cracked kitchen window… or the EMQ alarm that occurred yesterday, or even be remotely concerned about our wellbeing upon the fact that Rebecca and I were by ourselves the entire time of the alert… hmm... 

After Rebecca and I took our medication, she went to the restroom to do her share of affairs, and I followed my nose towards the dining table. Her hallway leading towards the kitchen gave me a sudden déjà vu… it reminded me of both my hallway and Amy’s… I stopped and glared at the painting on the wall, that same beautiful sunset over the ceaseless azure crystalline ocean water. 
As I stared this brief recollection flashed before my eyes: the so-called masked President pointing down the steep slope towards the murky ocean water, and that lone ruined archway leading to nothing but the ocean sand.
I didn’t see any logic in that dream last night, I mean, so I had a dream of the Council President whom I’ve never met or even seen. Could my own mind have carved and portrayed an imaginary image of how he looks like? Perhaps that silver mask meant secrecy? And maybe my blurred face meant that this part of my future had yet to be written?
What was I getting at? How could I believe that my own dreams and nightmares be the future that lies ahead of me? That’s impossible.
I pressed my finger against the cool glass frame of the picture where the sun touched the ocean water…
“Beautiful isn’t it?” 
Ms. Malcolm’s reflection startled me as it bounced off the glossy painting frame. Her big bright, and beautiful, smile embraced me.
I nodded.
“I hope soon, since a lot of things are coming back together like it did when Elizabeth, Amber, and I, were together in our early days, the Council will open access to the Quebec Sea again… there was once this extravagant Reservation Area that led towards this endless ocean, Sam, it was bloomed with all sorts of animals; quite a long time indeed. But then something happened and they had to shut that entire section down, so now it dwindles with wandering memories of lost compromise.”
“The Dark Times?” I queried monotonously, trying my best to act as oblivious as possible to see if Ms. Malcolm would somehow shed some light on such a sour subject.
She nodded with a smirk, “Funny that you should even know what those times were called. But yeah, most call it The Dark Times… personally I find the idiom used to describe the events a bit too: excessive, but different people experienced those tragic times a tad bit differently than others. I saw it as an opportunity to grow, but other radicals saw it otherwise… and then out of the blue the sudden shift occurred that brought us to what we are today.” Ms. Malcolm explained.
Her account… was so vague that I didn’t even decipher what she spoke of, since she was clearly speaking about her own knowledge: as though she were concurring with her own conscious about irrelevant subject that I could care less about. 
However it did seem that perhaps: Freedom became overly taken advantage of… that’s my educated assumption. She didn’t go into detail about the actual event’s pertaining to such a radical idiom as she put it. I also had a small hunch that Ms. Malcolm worked directly with the Council Officials since she mentioned opportunity and whatnot.
Ms. Malcolm gave me one last smile and left towards the kitchen.
I turned towards the painting again and reimaged the time when I set foot on that beach that she called Quebec Sea. I had this urge to go and witness its beauty once again. I might grab Rebecca and take her there with me, I’d presume that that’d be an excellent local to have a uninterruptable conversation about some things I’ve been wanting to ask, and to see if in fact she did know about The Dark Times.

My supposition was wrong, I thought Ms. William would be waiting for me, but she wasn’t, it was just Ms. Malcolm and I at the table.
I tried to be as imperceptible as possible when I glared at the windowsill over the kitchen sink. There wasn’t a crack anywhere to be seen on it. I didn’t know if it could have been my exhaustion, but I didn’t even examine the window when I came in with Rebecca.
“Did you have a delightful evening?” Ms. Malcolm said.
I nodded, “I did, Ms. Malcolm, I slept really well. Thanks for asking.”
“I am so sorry I had to work overnight yesterday, but I’m glad you enjoyed your stay!” She wholeheartedly said.
I smiled, trying to be as astute as possible to the fact that she again didn’t mention that there was an EMQ alert yesterday.
Rebecca finally came into the kitchen with a big, light blue towel wrapped over her head and a long, hot pink, nightgown, brushing over the floor.
“Morning mom!”
Ms. Malcolm smirked, “For a second I was wondering if you were still here!”
Rebecca rolled her eyes, “Uh gee… thanks for embarrassing me…”
“No worries, sweets.” Ms. Malcolm turned to me, “Becca here takes the longest of showers. She could have her own lake by now!” 
Rebecca shrugged and then slumped down beside me on the dining table; her cheeks were flush and eyes wavering about to different objects trying her best not to make eye contact with me... or she was also in shock that somehow the window was perfectly fixed without a scratch.
“Oh,” Ms. Malcolm shot up off her chair, “I almost forgot! I have to go in to work early today… again,” she groaned, “It’s a free day so you two can do whatever. Ms. William sent me a text this morning informing me the same thing, so I’ll be home to make dinner ok?”
I nodded and so did Rebecca; she obviously didn’t care and just continued to plow slices of apple into her mouth.
And then just like that, Ms. Malcolm was out the door again.
“You know, things are getting weirder and weirder.”
“Yup.” Rebecca replied, “Looks like they were kind enough to fix the window too.”
“Apparently so. And did you notice that Ms. Malcolm didn’t mention anything about the EMQ alert?”
Rebecca sighed, “Yeah she seemed a bit too perky… anyways,” she slapped her hands on her thigh, “I’m going to get dressed and we can just, I guess, wander about.”
I took her queue and did the same…

I stepped outside.
The day felt the same as it normally did on a normal day here in the Facility: cool, bright, and consistent breezes of brisk wind. Might as well call it that now since I’m aware this is but some gargantuan dome that’s housed by us, the species being isolated from the outside. 
I continued to recall all those many lectures and studies from my Consolation Chamber, excited as a child to finally holster and embrace the beauty of nature upon my release, but I get a half-world full to the brink with an altered perfection of natural beauty.
I did wonder too… I wondered how a highly advance race of humans could be pushed to live like this; here, deprived from natural selection… I wonder if that’s how the President entailed it as. 
That his vision was a perfect recreation of what life was: perhaps real life was a burden? Could that be possible though? I mean something so unique and wonderful to marvel over as life could be just some hollow hole with a bottomless depth?
But, what if the President is encumbered by apathy? Apathy? The inability to care for the wellbeing of anything. He’s the President though, I mean he’s the leader, how could someone who’s accepted that fate not want to care?
The LCP!
Of course, the Life Career Placement plan… if individual people are just set in random fields of study that they’d care less about, would that person live up to the expectations of their job? 
Since mine was Classified I didn’t feel any pressure… I do recall Amy though, the tears she shed due to her dislike of what the Council had in store for her. What about Rebecca, I’ve yet to even ask her what her LCP states.
A second later Rebecca waltzed out of the townhouse skipping across the pavement until she reached the gate. Took her long enough to come out, for a second there I thought she left out the back door and was about to leap out and spook me.
“So… uh what we doing today?”
I moved closer to her, “Well, since you showed me that orchard house in the forest, I’d like to show you a little something I stumbled upon.” I whispered.
Rebecca smiled from ear to ear, “Oh my! I can’t wait to see this.”

We stepped off the sidewalk, leading to the Jefferson Campus, and ventured through the seeming endless fields of green pastures until we caught sight of the first clutter of trees that led to the river… err, the now gigantic trench that was once a river.
Rebecca stood by my side and examined the deep cleave, streaking across the ground.
“What happened here?” She asked a bit bemused as she leaned over the once bed of the river.
“The river ran dry, I guess… I don’t know how it happened.”
She hissed, “More than likely the Council shut it off, just like they burned down that place I showed you in Monarch’s Reach.”
“Wait, what? They burned it down? When?”
So that nightmare, the one that had that place alit did come true…
Rebecca nodded, “Yeah… wow, ok, gee, how am I suppose to know when they burned it down, Sam? Do you know when they shut this river down?”  
“No…”
“Exactly, they act discretely, I-I mean did you see the window? It was fixed! Overnight! Err… over-day? Is that a word? Heck I don’t know, whatever.” She rambled.
I chuckled, “Ok, well, let’s climb on over to the other side.”
Rebecca sighed unhappily, “Oh great, so we’re going on some hiking expedition now?”
I cleared my throat, “It’ll be fun; but… since it did rain yesterday the ground is probably extra slippery, so let’s be cautious.”
“Excellent. Let’s go!”
Rebecca kicked off her shoes, rolled up her jeans, and then stooped over, securing her balance, and slid down the thick, muddy ground until her feet splattered over the mush soil.
She groaned, “Ugh, disgusting!”
I tried suppressing my laughter but her hysterical posture there, in her tip-toes, shaking the mud from her feet, made me crack.
Rebecca cleared her throat, “Ha, ha, really funny, Sam, yeah… next time make sure you build a bridge before taking me across anything that’s taller than me!”
I couldn’t help but laugh at her sarcasm, “Gotcha, gotcha.”
I slipped my shoes off, rolled my pants up, and then just leapt down the decline and landed next to Rebecca. I lurched over the disgusting, oozy, mud to the other side and started climbing up the ledge.
Rebecca groaned, “Ugh, I can’t believe we’re doing this.”
I leveraged myself from the edge and rolled on over on my back.
I heard her continue to carp about gibberish that I couldn’t hear… didn’t want to hear.
I opened my eyes to see Rebecca lurched over me with arms crossed and disgustingly dirty feet, tapping on impatiently.
“I was beginning to think you’d never show up. Hi, welcome back!”
She slapped me in the gut, knocking all the air right out of my lungs. I rolled over and curled up, trying my best to keep the gnawing pain from overwhelming my stomach: I felt due to just barf.
“Relax Sam, I didn’t hit you that hard!” Rebecca said.
After a couple of seconds my pain finally subsided, but there was still this little snag just annoying my insides.
I groaned and rose clutching my stomach, lurched over, “Y-yeah, yeah… it wasn’t that hard.”
She clapped her hands, “Ok, now that we’ve established that, and climbed this trench, I’m ready to go.”
“Don’t forget, punched me in the stomach...”
“I slapped you in the stomach, Sam, if it was a punch you’d still be on the ground.” Rebecca corrected.
I groaned, “Alright, let’s continue on.”

There was this moment of nostalgia that counter-bounced off my brain and just brought back the first time I ventured here… but this time, I had Rebecca with me.
The Preservation Zone kept it distinctive look it had when I first set foot on it last year; it felt thicker around the ground, with more cluttered piles of foliage and less splotches of soil scattered about.
“It’s beautiful Sam, almost reminds me of Monarch’s Reach.” Rebecca said.
I nodded, “Yeah, this was once a Preservation Zone.”
“A preservation zone, how so?”
“Remember when I mentioned the Dark Times, well Dr. Harris told me that before those times set in motion this place kept and maintained precious wildlife.”
“Wait, like real living and breathing animals?” Rebecca interrupted.
“Yeah… well, that’s what Dr. Harris said. But this isn’t what I want to show you… this is the appetizer.”
Again, I mention the Dark Times and she didn’t give any hunch at all that she knew about it… but still, she must know, she’s got to have some sort of insight of this mysterious inflicted bruise to time’s course.
She giggled, “Oh gee, awesome, so far the appetizer is really, really overwhelming the course of the dinner, so this thing you’re about to show me better be heavenly!”
I cleared my throat, “Well, it’s actually perpetual if you can guess what I mean by that!”
I broke into a sprint and started running through the forest; I heard her shuffling foots, stomping on the fallen leaves and scratching low shrubs, grazing against our bodies like grasping hands attempting to seize our momentum. The forest ahead of my sight didn’t appear to end at all, not a single break, the trees seemed like they were multiplying.
I steadied my run to a stride and then slowed to a walk.
“What? What’s happened?” Rebecca said.
I hesitated and stood motionlessly for a minute, I remained out of breathe; exhausted from that little run.
“Oh nothing is wrong; we shouldn’t be too far off now… a break in the wilderness should be soon.”
I continued my walk.
“Can’t wait… uh Sam, what if we get lost on our way out of wherever-this-place is?”
I cleared my throat, “Well, we’ll have to worry about that when we see what we came to see”
“And you’re aware what happens when uh we pass our bed time right?”
“Enlighten me!” I said as I turned to her briefly and winked.
“Ha-ha-ha, well when the sun hits the sunset… it comes back up on the other side, making it morning again. The Council does it to keep congestion down.”
I laughed wildly boggled at her uncanny knowledge that had the hair on the back of neck rise, “How do you know so much, Becca?”
“My little secret!”
“Gee, ok, look around, we’re in the middle of nowhere, so more than likely you’re secret will be kept safely resting amidst the bark of the tree trunks cluttering the area.”
Rebecca scoffed, “I might tell you, but not here… I just don’t feel safe here.”
“Why not?”
“What if those things those, Guardian things are keeping an eye on us and we just don’t know it?”
Rebecca did have a point… they’ve been spying on us; those creature’s shrouded faces could be eyeing us as I think about it.
The Quebec Front

The thin clouds blanketing the horizon were a light shade of orange with the beautiful shimmering ocean stretching far beyond my eyesight. 
We walked across the sandpapery gravel crunching beneath our bare feet. We made our way down the trail and finally headed out of those impinging woods.
The ocean roar brought this wondrous serenity; the pristine ocean breeze whipping though my hair, the salty air, my vague recollection that I had about this beautiful ocean rekindled.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, raising my hands high, and letting the wafting currents of wind cool me down. I opened my eyes to see Rebecca running down the slope and move closer to the roaring waves.
“Sam! Oh my… oh my gosh! This is-this is absolutely beautiful!” She said.
I watched her skip around with her hands in the air; she danced happily, spinning around on her tippy-toes, and leaping in the air with arms spread wide. 
This moment with her was virtuous, like my own personal ballet in a little glass ball.
I felt overjoyed to see her enjoying this beautiful piece of architecture.
“Sam! Come on! Don’t ruin the moment by standing there doing nothing! Don’t be a party pooper!” Rebecca yelled.
I cracked a grin, “Ok, ok, I’ll be right there.”
I broke into a sprint and ran down the slope. The soft, smooth dirt slowed my stride until I hit the hard, semi-wet sand, and then ran through the blistering, cold ocean water: it splashed up against my legs like ice-cold hands, holding me, and dragging me into the depths of its shores.
It was striking, as I leapt headfirst into the water, the chilly, intense water hit me like millions of itty-bitty thorns simultaneously striking against my skin.
I poked my head from the water and noticed Rebecca still standing near the shores, letting the waves slowly wash against her feet.
“Sam, you ok?”
“Y-yeah, it-it’s uh,” this sudden chill ran down my spine, “Really c-c-cold.”
She laughed, “Yup, I guessed that part. Come back Sam… don’t get swallowed by the sea!”
Was that possible? I mean I think it already took a swallow of me when I leapt inside; maybe it means like taking me away forever or something.
I fought through the forcefully, unrelenting water, rushing beneath my feet; the rush subsided, and continued, like an ongoing cycle: I just assumed it was the waves just flowing beneath the water until it had enough humph to push themselves up over the surface and crash against the sand.
After that unexpected workout… just to get out of the water, I walked towards Rebecca and I fell on my knees and then rolled on my back: relaxing, letting the warm touch of the sun dry me. I closed my eyes.
“You ok?”
I heard Rebecca mutter a bit uncomfortably.
I stared at her and smiled, “Well, how do you like my little hidden spot?”
“It’s breathtaking, Sam… a masterful portrait… almost illusion, you know? I would have never expected to see something this beautiful here. I always thought the closest thing that came close to this was that fake painting in our hallways.”
“So, since we’re out of reach, tell me.”
“Ah, I know what you’re going to ask,” she interrupted, “You’re really obsessed with the Dark Times aren’t you?”
“I guess, it’s just-just, I don’t know, I want to know why things are the way they are. Why we’re like this, secluded from beauty and such things like this.”
She sighed, “Sam I wasn’t lying to you… I honestly don’t know anything about the Dark Times.”
I heard the honesty in her voice; so she didn’t know, my hunch was in vain. Perhaps my wait will have to be prolonged just a tad bit further until this final year is over.
I couldn’t say anymore, I didn’t know what to say now; I mean, here we are, alone, in this forbidden beach… I completed my part of the bargain, I showed her this place. But what now? The information I wanted she didn’t have.
Rebecca sat down next to me, curled up in a ball, with arms around her knees, staring afar at the endless ocean that stretched beyond eyesight. She rocked herself slowly, and I remained on my back relaxing, staring not at the marvels of nature, but at her: her sole beauty. 
Yet something in me kept me from liking her beyond a certain boundary; I don’t know if it’s Amy’s feelings bubbling back up, causing me to resist this new type of love, but I felt attuned to Rebecca… in a different way; I just couldn’t explain it.
Her hazel eyes connected to mine, “Ever wonder Sam?” She hesitated and sighed, “Ever wonder how your dark times changed everything to the way it is now and not the way we were taught in the Consolation Chamber?”
“I’ve been wondering that ever since I set foot here.” I answered.
She giggled, “I’ve even wondered why we were even brought up in a Consolation Chamber, not to mention that all the girls I’ve seen look almost identical… and I’m the only odd ball, well, besides you of course, but you’re a boy, so you have an excuse to look different!”
I noticed that too, perhaps Rebecca and I think alike, since it does seem a bit strange that none of the others think like we do: none of them seem to expose their inquisitive side… well Amy did, but only to a certain extent.
Everyone else is so secluded with themselves, hidden in their tiny cubical amidst the jet black ambient renascence that comforts them at night… never thinking outside the box, never venturing past the everyday logic of what exactly am I doing, why am I doing it, or why am I even here? 
The thing is though, I quite frankly didn’t care much about it, its peaceful here, beautiful, of course only in certain areas that it outside the four corners of my room. But me thinking here, over exaggerating my already overly curious mind kept me at bay about things being too perfect.  
I chuckled beneath my breathe, “I’m wondering what will happen if someone catches us out here.”
“Eh, more than likely they already know we’re out here. Remember this entire place is like one big egg-shaped dome: doubtful they don’t have it covered from end to end, even though this place is restricted and closed down.” Rebecca explained.
And she was right; this was part of the instillation, just an unused portion: thus the reason they somehow spotted my location the last time I was here with Dr. Harris.
“Well, I guess we’re in for a treat when we get back huh?” I remarked.
Rebecca nodded, “Yup, wonder what the sentence will be? Lifetime slavery?”
“Now that seems a bit too outrageous”
“So, tell me, what all do you know about these so-called Dark Times… it seems a bit over the top to name something so, uh… strange without there being any, you know, anything that entails it occurrence? I think I put that in the correct terminology.”
I took a deep breath, sat up and curled over, “Well, I am not too sure, but I think Dr. Harris had something to do with it, and this part of the instillation was once used for leisure pleasures and that entire piece of landmass covered by seeming endless trees was a preservation zone that kept animals. Something happened… and that something I’ve yet to figure out, that caused all of this to shut down.”
“Isn’t it obvious Sam?” Rebecca said a bit vaguely.
“Huh, what do you mean obvious, what’s obvious?”
“Remember when you learned about Human Nature? What exactly are human’s without logic, or guidance, or anything that’s an ambitious goal, situated to do?”
“Survive?” I answered; and I truly was uncertain, I completely forgot about that lecture, not being absentminded or anything… I guess I didn’t find that subject worth remembering.
“Exactly! Human’s without any form of guidance has one sole purpose... just like animals, we want to survive! No matter the cost, no matter the sacrifice, and no matter the consequence…”
Her little speech enlightened a part of me, “Hold on Becca, I had the strangest dream last night, seriously it was spooky as anything. The President… I swear to you, I was speaking to the President of this place!”
Rebecca scoffed, “Really? How can you have a dream about someone you’ve never met, in fact, how can you have a dream about someone you don’t even know exists?!”
I sighed, “Look that was the first question I asked myself after having it… the truth is, he was masked, and I couldn’t see his face. But he told me something about people giving up certain liberated rights in order to have peace”
“So you had a dream with the President and he told you that people gave us some freedoms in order to achieve this, all of this, that’s before our eyes?” Rebecca asked amused.
“Well…,” I giggled, “In nutshell yeah.”
Shuffling footsteps silenced me. I stared at Rebecca, who seemed just as startled. I noticed her ease of tension; with her reaction I leapt up and saw him, Dr. Harris. 
His face was veiled, and his body embraced by this long, thick: nightgown-looking robe, that danced with the wind like rags let loose into a free moving stream of wind. He walked towards us, majestically, I had trouble even thinking it was him; but that veil was undoubtedly his.
“Dr. Harris!” I bellowed.
I heard his muffled chuckle, “Ahem, I’d not mention that name… even in this barren and isolated place.” 
“Oh why not! What are you afraid of?” Rebecca yelped.
“Ah hell, I don’t know, perhaps those grizzly, gargantuan beasts they’ve sent out-and-about to pursue me!”
Rebecca sneered, “Well duh! But there are some, that’d rather seek us and not you.”
“That’s because they’re right to do so, Rebecca,” Dr. Harris interrupted, “Think about it.”
Rebecca stood and stomped on over to Dr. Harris until she got face to face, “Then it’s because of you! You’re jeopardizing our safety… they know wherever we venture you’re soon to follow. Why is that, huh? You bear to protect us, but it is us that need protecting from you!” She snapped.
Dr. Harris stood silent.
She did have a point; I mean, that could be the reason those things are after us too. The hunch those few have is in fact true, they believe Rebecca and I to be Dr. Harris’s ally since we’ve yet to turn him in… the thing is, just as illusively as he’s somehow managed to evade the Council he’s sure done the same to us. Mysteriously disappearing without a trace.
“Rebecca, I didn’t mean to cause harm.”
“Perhaps you should have thought of that before releasing me from the Consolation Chamber.” Rebecca said.
So Rebecca has been playing oblivious all this time with her knowledge of who Dr. Harris is in fact true. Not only was she released from the Consolation Chamber the same day as me, but it was Dr. Harris who released her also… what a strange trail of coincidence; something is in fact up, this much correlation doesn’t happen by chance. There’s something he’s keeping from us.  
“I didn’t mean to cause either of you any harm… and I know my apology might not mean anything, but please forgive me. Both of you live right ok; don’t end up like me… this wandering corpse seeking for a higher knowledge that’s never existed...” Dr. Harris said.
“You don’t have to apologize about anything,” I muttered, “Is this your form of farewell? Because you’ve yet to tell us about the Dark Times!”
I tried my best to add sarcasm, but the ominous vibe set by Rebecca just killed the atmosphere… it felt like Rebecca’s words did more than pierce through him.
“Us,” Rebecca cleared her throat and gave me a livid glance, “You mean you, I could care less about what-ever-that is, because more than likely it never happened,” she turned to Dr. Harris again, “And this man right here could in fact be smothering you with lies just as he’s a lie!” 
I heard him groan, “I guess, uh, it’s best to say that this is actually my goodbyes then. This is probably the last time I get to see either of you… unless I find some way to escape this facility, but that’ll be when the air from my lungs has ceased to be. But I can’t tell you anything about those times Sam… since I’m not in my power to do so.”
His goodbye? 
I grimaced a bit startled at his words, “Wait, what do you mean goodbye?” I asked.
“This is yours and Rebecca’s final year here, and like Rebecca has stated: I’ve done more bad than good to you two,” he faced me, “Especially you,” and then he turned to Rebecca, “Again, I apologize.”
Multiple ear-deafening screeches echoed in an eerie fashion out of the forest. The condensed howls were in secession, almost disappearing to but an indistinct whisper brought by the brushing gusts of wind.
So Rebecca was in fact correct on her speculation: the fiends did in fact follow us out here.
Dr. Harris reached into his robe pocket and pulled out a sleek, black pistol. He clicked the safety off and cocked the gun.
I took a deep breath, I was annoyed, perhaps beyond annoyed, I think infuriated was a better word to describe myself at this particular moment...
“S-So they followed us.”
She grinned, “Ha-ha, yup!” Rebecca giggled carelessly.
“Don’t you worry… this time I’ll make sure it doesn’t get back up.” Dr. Harris said.
“Uh, I think there’s more than one this time.” I said.
Rebecca groaned, “Yeah, I hope you have more than just one bullet in there.”
Dr. Harris inhaled profusely, relaxing his shoulders, and lowering the pistol to his side. His eyes stared further down the beachside where I then caught sight of two shadowed figures striding towards us.
Before I could even catch a glimpse of either face: loud, plowing footsteps diverted my attention back to the forest. Within seconds, three of those guardians leapt out of the shadows and broke into a run, on all four legs, down the slope directly towards our location.
Dr. Harris raised the gun and began shooting; sending screeching, and gnawing sounds of gunfire at the three, mammoth-sized, grizzly, werewolf looking things. 
Strangely and disturbingly, they seemed to be anticipating the bullets and kept on dodging them.
And then click, click… click; the gun was empty, and not a single bullet made contact with the Guardians.
Dr. Harris positioned himself in between Rebecca and I, his arms spread, trying his best to protect both of us from the collision soon to occur.
As the first one was due to collide with us, a bullet shot through its cranium, slitting through like a knife piercing flesh, from one side to the other; it flopped down like a rag doll, sliding over the sand to a stop at the toes of Dr. Harris.
The other two stopped, erected up on their hind-legs, and faced the direction where I saw those two shadowed figures. The thick, bushy, hair on the back of their spine spiked up, and with it a loud, thunderous howl raddled my eardrums.
“Yield or face consequence!” Yelled that mysterious myrmidon that accompanied Oliver in the medical facility, I didn’t know how he looked like, but his voice, it was exactly alike.
The beast started barking, communicating with its form of tongue to the Myrmidon.
“Well these children are a higher priority level than the rest, they’re not an enemy. So yield yourselves, now!”
It barked back ferociously.
“Then it’s our problem in the end, you’ve seen a hunch and we’ve written theirs, there isn’t anything to fear.” The Myrmidon answered to the beast.
The beast spewed out its nose and shook his head, as though it were scoffing. Its snout wrinkled up exposing its jagged teeth.
“Then you’ve both chosen your fate.”
Without warning it leapt at Dr. Harris. Right before my eyes I caught sight of the Guardian’s razor sharp claws cut through the layers of fabric across his chest and puncture deep into his flesh. It then snapped its jaw around his arm and tossed him past Rebecca and I until his limp body rolled into the ocean water.
This spark of hatred ignite in my heart… something I couldn’t control just slit through the many veins in my body; causing my heart to pump faster, blood to flow faster. 
I curled my fist, closed my eyes, and shouted at the top of my lungs… until there wasn’t air left to shout with… until the back of my eyelids and its comforting blackness stretched beyond my bound and took me with it into the nothingness…

The ambient renascence of the ocean’s melody, the pristine breeze of cool air, and the sloshing sounds of the ocean waves, crashing against the surface, left me gasping, however, I felt hyperventilated, but I wasn’t able to move my body at all, or even yelp, say anything; but I could hear, and listen to my surrounding sounds? What’s happened to me? 
“Sam!”
I heard Rebecca scream.
“Oliver, Oliver! Is-is he ok?”
Rebecca said.
I couldn’t budge, I couldn’t even open my eyes; and this throbbing pain consumed my head.
I felt someone grab my hand and squeeze my wrist.
“Hmm, strange that he possesses a DIA encoding serial number Thomas, I wasn’t aware of the Council’s choice to continue that project. Did you know of this?”
I heard that mysterious myrmidon mutter.
I heard Oliver sigh, “The project is still being considered and these two here are the main test subjects. That’s that, now, do you feel a pulse?”
I never noticed Rebecca’s encoding number on her wrist… and how could Rebecca and I be the test subjects to a project that should have been closed with Dr. Harris’s exile? That there seemed a bit too miss-informative, perhaps Oliver knows something that the other myrmidon doesn’t know.
“Is he ok?” 
I heard Rebecca ask again.
“Yeah, yeah, he’s alive…”
---
Chapter
33
Visions
---
Medical Facility

There wasn’t much there in the desolate space between soul and body, the space that only the conscious seemed aware of, that wrought either catastrophic nightmares or superlative dreams, but the body is sound asleep embracing the black horizon. 
I didn’t search as much as I normally did; perhaps it was because of the same memory repeating itself over and over… that hideous fiend striking Dr. Harris down right before my eyes. It was painful to bear; to even imagine that I’d never see his face again.
A word that’s not used much and I actually thought was removed indefinitely from this entire facility: Death, die… these three years I’ve never once used it or heard anyone else mutter that dark, ominous word.
But if Dr. Harris did in fact die, would peace really return to the minds of each Council Official; to know that his notorious acts have been ceased?
Sadly, I never once did know what he did to be such a wanted felon. But then again, I couldn’t even think straight enough to try and decipher the pieces together; this annoying and constant beeping sound had me aggravated and continued pestering me so much that my train of thought diminished into the same nothingness that consumed the back of my eyelids.
I couldn’t shake it, the gnawing beep got louder and louder until I saw this bright red light slowly overlapping the black. 
I gasped awake.
Beep, beep, beep, beep… that annoying sound wasn’t coming from my dream, but from the machine next to me. It’s humming whir continued on… I literally freaked out with another gasp as I saw this thin tube leading all the way down to my arm. 
I grimaced and plowed my head back into the pillow after feeling more irks around my body, especially on the arm the IV was connected to. 
To my surprise I noticed Ms. William, she sat on a chair with her head leaning against the wall snoozing. Rebecca leaned cozily on Ms. William’s shoulder as well asleep; she was wrapped in a blanket. 
Rebecca’s right arm dangled on her lap… and there it was: her barcode… I stared at my right arm, which had a needle jabbed in my artery and for some strange reason I had this odd clamp thing attached to my index finger… anyways, and there was my barcode. 
What could Rebecca and my encoding number mean? A question that will never be answered since the only person that knew was slain. So many mysteries that have yet to be answered, so many questions that I have that can’t, won’t be answered because of my immaturity. Or perhaps they’re just hiding the answers since the truth is too grand to comprehend… because the very answer I seek could in fact be some catapulted non-sense that not even the President himself can understand.

Another Dream…

“Nightmares and dreams come and go; they’re an abnormal presence that occupied a small portion of your brain that could delve back even beyond time’s existence. I’ve always seen it as an old achieve filled with recollections about past existence, but also, there could be some slight possibility that they’re linked to the future.”
I opened my eyes and caught the pristine scent of the ocean air and wild roar of the waves crashing against the dune sized, beachfront. I leaned up and glanced around to find the old ruins of that archway before me. 
I stood up.
“Hello again, Sam. Welcome back to Vanguard’s Altar.”
I turned and saw him that masked man that referred himself as the President. His long, gown-like, linen robes, fluttered like tending rags and sterling silver mask glazing and sparkling like the ceaseless ocean. 
He stood upright, dark eyes stared at mine, and arms politely pulled to his back. He nodded at my canny stare, I think he knew my suspicion, not just that, but I don’t know, I felt him entering my mind uninvited. 
I shook my head, “Uh, eh… h-hey, and what were you saying before?”
“I was saying that you’re inept and absentminded mind was unable to understand a wise man’s words.” He cleared his throat and pointed ahead at the ruined archway, “What do you see before us there?”
I couldn’t think straight, something kept me at bay, as though something else; someone else… perhaps a Guardian had tabs on me, even inside this dream. 
“No need to fear them, I’ve kept those fiends away… especially since their target has been relinquished.”
“What did Dr. Harris have anything to do with anything?” I bellowed.
The President sighed, “Oh nothing, nothing, just some wounded up dramatic event that is now irrelevant and practically inexistent, so let’s drop the subject and carry on. Please follow me.”
I couldn’t say a thing and I refused to follow; my appalled reaction after his direct answer left me speechless and petrified. And what exactly was I doing back in this same scene again? It’s beyond strange to be in the exact same place as another dream but in a different location.
I glared briefly up the long, steep slope leading to the small bit of ledge sticking out that I stood on before.
“What’s the point of this? Has the Council come up with some ingenious way to enter dreams and manipulate them somehow now?” I asked.
His muffled giggle brought this irritation to bubble inside me. I clenched my fists and locked my jaw.
“That’s quite an ingenious presumption indeed, Sam. I, as the Council President have ordered to attempt a new form of teaching that’ll somewhat revolutionize the Consolation Chamber”
“So you’re going to strap a...”
He snapped his fingers and barked furiously, shutting me up before I could continue my rant.
“Educing the will of my Council to an inept child as yourself isn’t exactly my proposed plan at this precise moment, Sam. We’d best delve in that subject when you’ve matured a bit more.” The President explained. 
I grimaced, “So I’m another test subject to a lost cause? Honestly, is this another one of Dr. Harris Brown’s scrapped projects that didn’t quite make it to the cut and you and your band of horses wish to resurrect?”
The President scoffed and clapped, “You’re actually becoming exactly what’s expected. The pills are doing just to your communication skills and forwardness.”
“But this is some unreality, dream… this couldn’t be some test to see if I’m…” and then it hit me, I was in fact speaking clearer and more focused; I couldn’t explain myself or the words trailing forth my lips, but somehow I’ve matured beyond my comprehension and now that I’m fifteen years of age I finally understand what I’m experiencing: The Beginning of the LCP Program.
“You’re almost correct Sam, again you’re incompetent mentality has almost come to the correct conclusion, all your searching and pondering for the answers to why you’re here, or more importantly: How everything came to be as it is now. Unfortunately, I can’t share that information while you’re still in Preteritus walls… however, soon upon your departure I’ll meet you face to face and exchange words with you as friends,” he faced away from me and moved towards the ruined archway, “Now Sam, please, follow me.”
I stood still, “Haven’t we’ve shared enough words already?”
He turned to me, his eyes now dazzling a florescent color of bright, unnatural blue. “Perhaps you’re right. I’ve spoken far too much. And I wish not to impose your fifteenth Birthday Sam. Congratulations and Happy Birthday. Now, awaken…”
 
There it was, that temporary moment of isolation; where the body remained trapped between the soul and body before completely waking up…
Before me, I saw a streaming river, gurgling as it’s swiftly racing water splashed against the beautiful lush riverbed. Itty bitty specks of glittering pollen floated adrift the pristine breeze as the tall, prickly and moist grass danced along its nature blessed rhythmic motion.
I moved closer to the riverbed. My bare feet felt the crisp grass crunch under my stomp and the soothing wetness moist my stride. I had this temporary moment of déjà vu hit me from all corners. From the area I stood on, to the passionate melody of the river’s hum…
I heard footsteps.
I turned around and saw Amy striding along the riverbank with arms spread open outward the sky and face staring at the vast, cloudless heavens… an ominous cloud covered the sunshine and brought vicious gusts of hissing wind.
Every footstep Amy made had, earthshaking, booms that wrought this terrifying feeling to cripple any form of rejoice as to see her face.
The moving shadow crossed her, blackening every part of her, only her strange, fake looking, glowing blue eyes remained an arms distance from me. 
“Ever wonder Sam…”
“I’ve wondered a lot…” somehow, without my bidding or even concentration, or even thinking about saying anything, those words clearly slipped pass my lips.
I shook my head and closed my eyes, and at that very moment I felt a forceful shove against my chest so powerful that it threw me off balance and left me falling down the trench that replaced the running river.
“As fond memories fade away into the dark corners of your mind, they’re replaced by new and better ones that in conjunction connect to form different recollections of different moments that could, never, will happen…”
I opened my eyes and saw that shadowed, blue eyed person that I thought was Amy, stand over me.
“Thank you Sam, thank you for making me feel special…”
That was Amy’s voice, but I couldn’t quite see her due to this black shadow covering every part of her.
“You can’t envision someone you’ve lost in the void Sam… your mind can’t picture me anymore, you’ve l…o…s…t…m…e…”

I rose from the sheets with a cry of despair.
---
Chapter
34
Anonymity
---
I left the Medical Facility on my own accord. 
I talked to that same, attractive reception lady, and informed her of my exit. 
I asked when I was brought in but she couldn’t even answer that question because she was unaware of my presence, exactly like the last time I was here, and then she went on and on about that room number being not-vacant... blah, blah, blah.
I asked her if she saw Ms. William or Rebecca, even perhaps Ms. Malcolm, but apparently, from her airheaded comments: She didn’t see anyone check in for visitation. 
How could that even be possible? So basically I envisioned Ms. William and Rebecca resting soundly in the room I was in. I couldn’t bend that fact… unless I was hallucinating; I mean I did have some bizarre dreams that night. And that thing I recall Dr. Harris mentioning, that strange bend in unreality where the mind gets stuck between the body and soul… it kept happening.
I stood motionless outside the Medical Facility. And then Amy came to mind… I shook my head trying to erase her from my thoughts, but did it really matter? The final words Amy told me: lost me; does it really matter anymore? 
Seriously, I mean nothing matters in the coming days that are approaching so quickly that I felt time slipping past the tips of my fingers… the LCP will consume my life and I’ll never see anyone ever again… just like Amy and Ms. Johnson.
I grimaced and took a deep breath. Was it really my birthday today or did I miss it completely? I sulked and winced at this irritating hunger that just cramped my stomach. Not only that but all these random thoughts spiraling all though my conscious left me frazzled, aggravated; almost to the point to just scream at the top of my lungs.
“Sam.”
It was Oliver.
He appeared from the bushes near the sidewalk. He was fully dressed in a black cloak, and his face, veiled by this strange, gold mask. It left me startled on sight.
I smirked, “So what’s the occasion?”
He cleared his throat, “We’re monitoring your Birthday Celebration, of course, we’ll be hidden, but in case anyone witnesses our presence we’d seem like an illusion.” Oliver explained.
“So I guess I didn’t miss my Birthday after all.”
“Sam,” he sighed. “Look, I’m not here to reminisce about my frightful attire or you’re upcoming Birthday Celebration: I came to inform you about what happened,” he hesitated and took a deep breath, “I’m sorry, so sorry… I-I mean even me here apologizing doesn’t seem to even fair well, you know. What happened in that dune shouldn’t have happened at all. So please forgive me for causing a grand man to fall.”
I laughed a bit nervously. “Don’t you mean die?” 
His strange blue eyes opened wide, “His death was a mistake; we didn’t want that for him Sam… at least I didn’t, those Guardians are perfectly engineered… too perfect.”
I scoffed, “Gee ok, an intentional mistake then… just because you didn’t want him to die doesn’t mean the rest of the Council didn’t.”
“I didn’t come here to argue Sam, so please, settle down.”
I groaned to my exhaustion, “You’re right… it-it doesn’t matter anymore. Where are Ms. William and Rebecca? I swear Oliver; I saw them in my room. And that airheaded reception lady there doesn’t even recall me or them entering or leaving.”
He sighed and crossed his arms, “Discretionary protocols, Sam… we can’t just waltz in through the front door. This general location is allocated from general crimes and irregularities… at least to the extent of those that aren’t lead by their curiosity.”
His sarcasm didn’t amuse me one bit… I knew his indirect remark meant Rebecca and I’s ever so eager, and unrelenting, search for answers.
“But you let those hideous mammoths wander about in search of Rebecca and I?”
“Enough Sam, I can’t answer that in the middle of a highly surveyed pathway. But I’ll answer this, neither Rebecca or Ms. William had the clearance to go visit you… you must have just, perhaps envisioned them.” He explained seriously.
So apparently I’m now hallucinating. Not only am I now having bizarre life-like dreams with a person I’ve never met and visions about random events, but now I’m seeing ghosts too. Oliver, the person who normally clarifies things, is now being overly discreet and enigmatic. 
“Then was Ms. William informed… is Rebecca ok? I mean, come on Thomas-err, Oliver TELL ME!” I bellowed at the top of my lungs. 
Something I’ve never done before, something that just suddenly occurred with me not even consulting my conscious….
He cleared his throat, “Yes and yes, Ms. William was informed that you’d be back today and Rebecca went back to Ms. Malcolm’s.” He took a step closer to me, “Sam, you mustn’t repeat anything that happened. Do you understand me?” His eyes squinted. 
I laughed, “I think I’ve gotten accustom to the routine by now”
“Good, good. I am sorry I didn’t inform you in the Medical Facility but we were tied up with a bunch of affairs and yours and Rebecca’s Birthday festivity.” Oliver explained with a much friendlier tone.
I nodded.
“Now, Ms. William wants you to go to Ms. Malcolm’s house and stay with them until the celebration commences, she’s tied up with important things at the Council office,” he rolled his sleeve from the cloak off his wrist and checked his watch, “You’re celebration begins in five hours. Oh and one more thing, here,” he reached into his cloak pocket and pulled out a small, zip-lock bag, with those three red pills enclosed inside, and handed it to me, “This is your medication, before you proceed to Rebecca’s go inside the Medical Facility and take them. I’ll see you soon.”
“Thomas wait, wait a second.”
He turned around, grabbed my collar, pulled me so close to his face that I could smell his breath discharge from the creases of the mask, “Don’t call me that.” He said.
I shoved him away, “Ms. William works with the Council… she told me this.”
“Some things do better not knowing, and her job classification isn’t none of a teenagers concern,” he sighed diligently, “Sam you’ve got to keep your nose out of certain things, this is your final year ok, keep things uninteresting for once.”
“And what exactly are you implying?”
“You know the answer already and it’ll soon hit you. And now I must go.”

After parting way with Oliver and taking the medication, I made my way towards Rebecca’s house.
Quite magical how my hunger just disappeared… and quite amusing how they’ve changed the Myrmidon attire to some more uh: portentous and fearsome. I wonder now if I’ll have two things to worry about, those ugly werewolf things and now menacing Myrmidons in scary uniforms trying not to attract spectators but to make the spectator think they’re imagining them? Wow.
I’m ready to just leave, ready to take this chapter of my life and put it to a close… bring on whatever the LCP has in store for me and let it drown me away into a new direction where I can just void it away and start anew.
I walked through the vacant sidewalks like I normally did, however, this time around, I had clenched fists and raging aggravation with every solid step I took. 
I couldn’t control my hatred and annoyance, but I hope, I did hope… that word that Ms. William considered some erroneous and artificial, imaginary implication to acquire a certain amount of boost to moral… even then I still hoped for a breathtaking time with Rebecca in our celebration.
I didn’t want to forget today, and I wasn’t soon going to sacrifice that memory to the void.
“Ahem,” I heard a wondrous, tension relieving, voice clear her throat.
“Sam!” Rebecca bellowed.
I turned around and saw her running towards me with arms spread wide and her flawlessly glee filled expression accepting my bleak plagued face. 
I caught her in my arms as she embraced me with a tight hug, her silky hair grazing my face and head pressing against my chest.
“Sam I was so worried!”
“You know, so was I, more than you’d imagine.”
“Sam!” She pulled away from me and stared at me dead in the eyes, “You seem a bit flustered… you ok?”
Now she can read me?
“I’m just not feeling well.” I replied as vague as possible, to the point where I didn’t even understand myself, or my own tone of voice.
“Gee uh, ok, fine, be that way!”
Rebecca shoved me back with two throbbing plows against my chest, “Oh and happy birthday to you too by the way!”
I winced, “Rebecca.”
“Becca!”
“Becca…,” I stared into her eyes, “Do you know who Claudius R. Roman is?”
She pursed her lips and rolled her eyes, “Did you ever ask Amy about that?”
“Uh, huh, what? Amy? No, no, why?”
“Because when she let me examine her LCP it was nothing like mine,” she hesitated, “I’d assume mine looks almost identical to yours… does Classified mean anything to you?”
I gasped, “Yes”
She cleared her throat abruptly, turning her head away from me and slapped me in the face with her hair, “As is mine. Now let’s go home.”
I was truly astounded… so Rebecca’s LCP is as well Classified as mine. This coincidental trail of things in common left me wondering if the Council could have done this on purpose. What if we are connected in some radical way? 
We were released on the same day by the same notorious Dr. Harris, both have distinguishing characteristics, share like forms of thinking, and have that so-called: Encoding number tattooed on our wrist. 
I followed closely behind her.
“Becca, what happened back at the beach?”
She shrugged, “Huh, what are you talking about Sam?”
Was she playing me for a fool?
“Becca, what do you mean what am I talking about, yesterday, yesterday remember?” I planted my index finger on the temple of my head.
She cleared her throat, turned around, and gave me ghastly look, “You know Sam, there’s an obvious routine you should be use to by now that entails prudence”
“Uh prudence?”
Rebecca giggled, more than likely at the fact of my completely baffled reaction, to not only her little comment and a word I didn’t recognize, but to her authentic and Myrmidon-like mystifying explanation.
“You seriously need to freshen up on your vocabulary Sam!” She gave me a friendly nudge on my arm, “Now, can we stop talking and get home? I’m hungry!”
I nodded.

I sat on Rebecca’s bed and just remained motionless for quite some time. My thoughts seemed out of line, ranging from the image of the President to Oliver’s new little change of attire. The two seemed intertwined, connected in an eerie fashion that left the hair in the back of my neck standing.
Rebecca entered the room, “You hungry Sam?”
I didn’t want to answer; I was too entangled in this little thought process that left me with trails of broken ends that didn’t seem to tie in any possible way.
What could possibly be the connection with all these odd chain of events that have occurred so sporadic? I mean it seemed normal, or at least in a way it did.
But now seeing things a bit more thorough and less blinded by all the illusive misconceptions and perfections… the voyage to where I am now was one that was going to occur no matter what other choices I took.
For actions and choices pave the road to whatever occurs in the future… and this future seemed more and more menacing and forthcoming as it ever has. And I wasn’t one to embrace it.
“You look lost in thought… what’s up?”
Rebecca sat next to me and set her head on my shoulder.
“Becca what’s happening?”
That’s all I could pull, that’s all I thought was appropriate to say.
I remember something, a notion that has remained dormant in my mind until the moment I felt the need for it: Regret. I had regret, I felt it noosing around my heart, tightening to such an extent that I couldn’t handle it anymore; I wanted to rash out and scream so abruptly that I’d probably end up in the Medical Facility again. 
But I couldn’t, I felt so sure, so sure about everything I thought was right, but I was wrong. Nothing is right; I’ve been arrogant and selfish, seeing things in an absentminded perspective, not deciphering the clues, not looking at the signs… but what if, what if it was only my immaturity that canceled the even odds of these ongoing, obvious, events leading to the ultimatum that occurred yesterday?
I’m fifteen years old today, and it’s only felt like yesterday since my release from my chamber.
This pressure started building, my eyes felt warm, until streaks of tears slithered down my cheeks. I sniffled, and straightened my arched back, closing my eyes as tight as possible to stop the coming bawl.
“It wasn’t your fault Sam… things happen for a reason.”
She continued on, but her jabber didn’t seem important, because once she said reason I took that word in and it started breaking down into different areas of my mind.
There couldn’t be reason in this place. Reason was obsolete, reason is some fairytale word used to find answers where there weren’t any to be found. 
Reason is a catastrophe that’s ill-approaching fate will devour and consume the person who seeks… and seeks until they break, and the answer they thought could bring a form of enlightenment only brings other questions. It’s a vicious cycle, one that no one will ever understand, because reason, is reason, and reason never has an answer.
“Who knows Sam, he could still be alive.” Rebecca said.
“What makes you so sure Becca? I wasn’t there to witness what had happened.”
“Sam, why does it matter?” She hissed.
She was right; again, I went too far, delving into the reaches of an unanswerable climatic, never-ending cycle of presumptions.
“You’re right.” I answered, my tone unenthused and completely dry… I didn’t feel any emotion inside me, I felt hollow, like some part of me had been taken away.
A numbness, this, this drought inside of me; consuming me, erasing every and all ounce of emotions... what I am now? A hollow? A dismal cavity that's soul was shredded into pieces because of cause and effect?
I don't know. And perhaps, that answer will never come to me either.
“Sam it’s our birthday, come on! You should be excited!”
No. I wasn't. There isn't anything to look forward to. I'm lost... lost to, my own entity.
I bit my lip.
There she was again, trying her best to bring some form of light into a day that seems as ominous as the black behind my eyelids.
“Becca, I know you’re not suppose to inform me about what happened… so please just tell me.”
Rebecca blurted out with screech, “Enough! Sam why is it so important to know what happened?”
I stood and moved to the door, “Because I actually care.”
“Care about what? About him? About the person that caused corruption… it was his own order that caused those things to come after us in the first place!”
I faced her, “I’m…,” I sighed and grimaced, wincing at my own deluded self… the traumatizing agony left me delirious, “I didn’t want him to die. He shouldn't have died,” I balled my fists and sent it against the door, "I'm sorry, Becca."
Rebecca covered her mouth to muffle her gasp, “How can you say that! How can you do that?” She bellowed, “How dare you say that!”
She hurried over and jabbed her index finger against my chest.
“What, die? Death?”
“Shut up! You can’t say that Sam, it’s not right… it’s illegal!” She pointed at the monitor.
I left. I needed to cool off. I didn’t feel like me, I felt like some other person, some random, unanimous thing was controlling me; pulling my strings and making me react differently.

I sat outside Rebecca’s townhouse. I curled up in a little ball and rocked myself a bit, trying to keep my mind as empty as possible: not letting a single thought manipulate my simple grasp of peace.
I heard the door open.
“Sam,” I heard Rebecca say, her voice less harsh and softer, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to go off like that… I’m-I’m so confused right now, I feel so much pressure ready to burst! I can’t even think straight…”
Her babble continued, and I knew what she meant, because I felt the same way.
“Dr. Harris’s body wasn’t in the water Sam. That one Myrmidon that looked like a chubby, toad searched for quite some time and didn’t find his body. He said something about it drifting to the depths of the sea. Yes Sam, Dr. Harris is,” she hesitated, “Dead.”
I couldn’t believe that.
“What happened to the Guardians?”
“Uh, they were shot and killed.” She explained with her voice lowering to a whisper as the word killed slipped past her lips. 
I guess any similar word that meant the same thing as die left her a bit dazed.
“Sam, we have a bit before the birthday thing, want to go to the market and grab some food?”
I nodded, “Ok.”
---

Chapter
35
Scrutiny
---
I managed to cope with my emotional breakdown… 
I shoved the straining thoughts inside my mind somewhere where I couldn’t ever find them again.
Rebecca’s quicker stride left a foot of space between us… she hadn’t even said a single word since our departure from her townhouse. Wonder what’s going on inside her mind. What if she felt as I did?
Or perhaps the way I acted in there left her speechless... I'm never that rash, I was angry enough to punch her door... how can I forgive myself for that?
“Have you had any strange dreams lately, Becca?” I asked.
Her stride remained constant as the ticking seconds turned to a minute.
“Yes,” she finally replied before my distraught impatience blurted out with a curse at her, “I understand now what you meant about that so-called dream of yours concerning a sole lunatic who’s face is veiled by a plain silver mask.” She explained dully.
My heartbeat raced as I sprung at her, grabbed her arm and twirled her around to face me, “Was there an empty archway?”
She jerked her hand off and pushed me away. Her eyes squinted, “Yes.”
This was unbelievable.
“Did you pass the archway?”
Rebecca winced. She then turned around and continued forward towards the nearly visible market area, “Come Sam, I’m really hungry… mind if we just talk about this at a later time?”
I groaned and hurried along behind her again… did this new overly protective attitude just now begin?
I didn’t feel the need to press on the matter. She answered enough questions to prove my speculation an actuality. So she’s witnessed the same dream as I have and has experienced the exact same scene… but what if she actually followed the President through the archway? What mysteries could she have uncovered in her entry?
This led me to believe that the archway was in fact just some portal to a different area: perhaps Teaching Grounds or a place to study theoretical philosophies, maybe just a trap to shut off the mind completely, or a way to acquire entry in that hidden realm between the body and soul?
The possibilities are endless and there’s only one way to uncover this mystery… and that’s by venturing through that archway.
I never spoke to Dr. Harris enough to discover if there could be some way, some catastrophic and mind-blowing way, to manipulate a sleeping host and removing certain memories or even actions from the brain itself temporarily or indefinitely, in order to achieve a rather ambitious and despicable goal. Nevertheless, just being able to communicate with the President via a dream is a bit boggling already.

The market district seemed a bit barren today. Wasn’t as packed as it was when I was previously here.
“A bit empty isn’t it?” Rebecca muttered.
I guess she read my mind.
“It is.” I replied.
She turned and faced me, a bright smile crossed her face, “Let’s go eat at Garden Alexia again… and this time we might actually sit down and have a real meal!”
Guess she didn’t forget that little moment back when I abandoned her to go seek Ms. William… at least she didn’t have any hard feelings over it and managed to make it a joke.
“Oh, of course,” I laughed lightly, “Uh I promise I won’t run away this time!”
She smiled.
I felt at peace when she had that captivating carefree attitude, helped me understand her unique personality quite a bit more. But then again the opposite sex is a tad strange when it came to do with quadruple personalities to each individual day of the week.
I stepped in front of her and opened the large, oak door, with a big, brass, oval shaped handle, and let Rebecca by. A delightfully sweet and bitter fragrance left me a bit woozy as the sudden smell disappeared and blasted me with a saucy smell that made my stomach roar.
“Seems like they remodeled Sam.” Rebecca said.
To be honest I hardly remembered the inside of this place… however, I didn’t recall it being this plain: completely white tables coped with a black tablecloth and white, marble-like, glazy chairs. The floor remained identical, sheets of polished wood, and the ceiling was now one big chunk of mirror. 
I truly was awed by this small feat… I stared up and I saw myself staring right back.
I saw Rebecca’s reflection coming towards me and nudging me in the arm. Another female girl accompanied her, more than likely the host. I turned, smirked, and just followed.
The lovely host set us outside in the balcony, just like last time, and coincidentally, she was the exact same girl too. She reacted to my presence in the exact same spooked manner she did before. I nodded, her face grimaced. Astonishing!
She slid us the menus. “I’ll be back with water.”
“Wow!” Rebecca said. “Déjà vu huh?”
I scoffed, “Yeah”
Rebecca straightened her posture and arched an eyebrow, “So about that dream you spoke of… the one pertaining that masked President.”
“Wait,” I quickly interfered. “Think we’re being heard?” I whispered.
“Of course we are, we’re always being monitored… but it doesn’t really matter much since we’re soon going to graduate.”
She did have a point. But that graduation wasn’t until we first finish these two new classes.
“Yeah, I’ve already had two dreams with that same man.” I said.
She straightened her back against the chair and crossed her arms, “Well I’ve only had one so far, and it was on a beach with the ruins of that archway. I was alone all until that man approached me, from out of nowhere Sam!”
“Yeah he did the same to me but he first showed himself to me near the ledge of a ravine that’s horizon was embroidered by a beautiful oceanic vista.”
“He said something about,” she hesitated and shut her eyes, “He said something about the archway before us… that it led to important questions sought by philosophers, queries that were presumed to be unanswerable.”
Could these questions be something to do with Dr. Harris’s strange remark about the questions he sought to answer… that the answers could be buried inside my mind, a place only reached from populous state of rest? 
But then again, Dr. Harris only showed himself to me, and explained solely, or at least to my present awareness, to me inside my dream… unless Rebecca here has had a share few of dreams with Dr. Harris and she just hasn’t said anything to me about it.   
The waitress came by before I said anything. She didn’t give me a single glance as she cautiously slid me the glass of water.
“Ready to order?”
“We’re not ready yet.” Rebecca said.
“Just hit this button when you’re ready.” The waitress said as she set a silver bell on the center of the table.
“I don’t know what to think of this Becca...”
“I don’t either Sam, it’s just so absolutely absurd that we’re experiencing almost identical dreams with the same man… but we can’t see any logic in this since Thomas won’t shed any light on anything.”
I winced, “And the only he has been removed from the equation.”
Rebecca held the glass of water against her lips as her stare remained locked. 
I briefly glanced at the small, laminated menu entitled: Alexia Gardens that had quite a variety of dishes engraved in fine print. There were plenty of tasty sounding things, but no pictures to illustrate the name’s pronounced splendor. So I picked out a chicken and Caesar salad.
“I’m ready to order Becca, you?”
“Yup,” she went and pressed the silver bell.
It chimed.
I scratched my head and grinned at this coming thought that might spark a snap from Rebecca, “Hey Becca… have you uh, ever had a dream with Dr. Harris?”
Her expression paved way to my assumption; her eyes squinted and lips pursed as she squinted over and leaned on her elbows. That was a definite yes… and if she has in fact had a dream with Dr. Harris then the trail of coincidence is beyond comprehension.
Out of the blue the waitress came up to us, “So what will it be?”
I lost my train of thought in the entire process.
“I’ll take vegetable calzone please.” Rebecca said.
 “Alright, and you?” 
Her bitter tone made me want to grab my glass of water and splash it all over her face…
“Chicken, Caesar salad for me.” I replied with that same bitter and monotonous tone, obviously Rebecca saw my sarcasm as her light laughter made me blush.
The waitress then left. Finally, good riddance.
I cleared my throat, “So have you?”
Rebecca sat back and cleared her throat more abruptly that I did, “Sam, now is not a good time to have a conversation,” she leaned over the table, “About him, in broad daylight, in a public location.” She whispered, “The events that occurred didn’t happen remember.” She winked at me as she sat back down.
That was reasonable, but she did say she’d talk more as soon as we got here. Nevertheless, this exact place could in fact be under heavy surveillance, and on top of that, we’re being highly monitored. Because it seems that Rebecca and I just happen to be the only two people our age that ensues to be led by our curiosity… and there’s a reason for that too, and that answer is all around us. 
The perfection surrounding this place is beyond explicable: but what if the answers to my questions are just waiting for me beyond this place? Should I hold my own until then? 
Something else came to mind: Rebecca’s winks, that random impervious and unapparent expression… could the Council’s eye catch those kinds of body language?
“Sam, don’t be too obvious, but take a quick glance to the right, behind that building there,” she stopped and stared at me baffled, “They’re spying on us!”
I sighed. And no, I didn’t take a peek at that random person spying on us, I quite frankly didn’t care. I thought of a different thing, another form of resistance… and on top of that, it wasn’t a form of resistance at all; it was actually just giving in.
Going with it... why not? Just, giving in to everything.
“Becca, we’ve only got a year here, and today is our fifteenth birthday… if we give in for this last year, do what we’re supposed to be doing, and not take any more detours along the way, we shouldn’t have any more problems.” I said. 
And that was my idea in order to remove this tension the Council Officers and Officials have against us and our extremely notorious acts of venturing off into uncharted and prohibited locals across this facility. I think it’s time to just accept that their control is impossible to evade.
She didn’t say a word.
“Look we can’t change anything, we’re two people”
“Sam!” She snapped, “Who said anything about changing anything? Your speculations are almost as absurd as your obsession with those dark times.”
“And you’re obsession with exploring, creating shortcuts, getting off track, I think it’s time to just let it go, at least for now, or at least until...”
“What!” Rebecca ran her fist on the table, “Excuse me? You’re as obsessed as I am so that makes us even. Heck, you were the one that found that beach; you were the one that took me there in the first place.” 
She grimaced, stood and made her way to the balcony rail. She leaned against and stared down below aimlessly, “I’m sorry… I-I didn’t mean to go off like that.”
I winced at her remorseful apology: it was in fact my fault to have accused her in the first place. She had the right to go off on me. And that single incident caused a dear friend of mine to expire.
“Don’t be sorry, I’m sorry.”
I heard her sigh, “What does that mean anyway? Honestly Sam, why is it that we think, this place believes sorry can fix anything? Do you ever wonder that? It’s like hope, hope can’t change anything, it’s a predestined failure… best to just remain shut and not say a word, it sickens me so much hearing mom always say sorry when she cooks something wrong, says something wrong. It’s aggravating. And I guess it passed on to me too.”
Now I was speechless, last time I heard the word hope was when Ms. William moped about its context and false meanings… apparently Rebecca felt the same way about it too.
“Hope angers me Sam, because what’s there to hope for here? We’re lodged in this facility that gives us what we need, what we want, educates us… everything is too perfect to hope for anything at all.” She banged her hand on the rail. “But there really isn’t anything to complain about isn’t there, huh?”
I’ve always wondered where Rebecca got all her knowledge from… she seems so wise, too wise… but what if her entirely different perspective of the world shapes her very motives. 
But I guess I do too, not in her radical way of course, but different as in I know there’s something more to life than being stranded in this place, but then again, what can I do about it?
The answer, at least for now: Nothing. So it’s best not to seek a lost cause that might end up relinquishing any goal whatsoever in the long run… but it seems to me that won’t stall Rebecca from her own wits. As much as she seemed to have ridiculed Dr. Harris, the more and more she seems to embody him.
Rebecca sat back down, “Well I feel a lot better Sam!” She said.
Astonishing. Of course after all that jabber she’d feel better, I think she unloaded all her troubles on me.
“Glad to hear, Becca.” I said.
The annoying waitress showed up with a large, black platter with our order. She set down a stool, placed the platter on top of it, and then handed us our plates of steaming, and deliciously smelling... something…
“I hope you two enjoy, I’ll return with more water.”
Her monotonousness seemed to capitalize itself increasingly in that last little speech of hers.
When I finally caught a glimpse of this spectacularly smelling meal, I gasped at the sight of it. The smell, it smelled fine, at least I think it did, I honestly couldn’t place a picture at the scent this plate was giving off. Inside the plate was some pudding type food that resembled applesauce.
I glared at Rebecca’s plate and it was exactly the same, but hers had a little bit darker color than my colorless looking food.
I took the spoon that was already lodged inside this applesauce looking stuff and toyed around, watching the surface slowly harden and form some kind of disgusting looking shell.
“Do you enjoy playing with your food?” Rebecca said.
“What is this?”
“It’s food!” Rebecca snapped with a mouthful.
I didn’t see any form of delight in any of this I couldn’t eat it.
“Sam.”
It was Oliver.
“It’s Thomas!” Rebecca said.
I briefly turned at Oliver and gave him a smile, he leaned on the doorway with arms crossed just staring at us with a glee in his old, wrinkly face. I also noticed his frightful attire had vanished. He was formally dressed in a black suit, a white tie, and those same really shiny shoes.
“How delightful it is to have both of you here! Happy Birthday you two!” Oliver said.
“Thanks!” Rebecca and I both said at the same time, our voices evenly pitched. We both ended up chuckling with one another.
“Both of you will be even more delighted this evening.” 
I peered over at Rebecca who seemed to continue to stuff her face with this disgusting-looking mush that was supposed to represent a meal.
“So uh, I thought I wasn’t going to see you until the birthday celebration started.”
“Well technically you’re not deduced to even notice me remember!” He gave me a wink.
Of course that mask he wore, they’re hidden amidst the shadow.
“And why are we not going to notice you?” Rebecca said.
“That’s for you to find out later this evening.”
Rebecca rolled her eyes, “Psh, another secret for me to decode huh?”
“Absolutely!” Oliver answered.
“Good way of attempting to get me into more trouble Thomas.”
Oliver snapped his finger as the brightness in his face became an ominous glare at Rebecca, “It’s Oliver dear, how many times do I have to repeat myself.” He tried to add sarcasm but he failed miserably as he spoke through his teeth.
Oliver turned to me, “Sam I’m well aware you’ve never eaten this gunk before so let me tell you what it is. It’s a complete multi-vitamin meal that gives you all your nutrition… everything is composed of it. The food you eat at your house that Ms. William cooks, with exception of fruit of course, is made up of this material. The Council just has a way of manipulating its shape. And the way they manipulate it is… uh,” he paused, “Really, really interesting.” He broke a smile. “But I can’t say how it works.”
“I didn’t know that!” Rebecca snapped.
“Sweetheart there are plenty of things that you don’t know.”
“Well why don’t you start with this stuff I just ate.”
“Ok, well it’s all part of an elusive and manipulative way… quite ingenious of course, and you can probably pin point the exact person who introduced this kind of meal manifestation. Anyways, it’s called Ration Sublimation. The meal is composed of easily digestible compounds which tricks the brain that it’s full, and delivers the necessary nutrition needed and then disposes the unnecessary quickly. Something that’ll be a big subject during your LCP is calorie intake… which is actually irrelevant in this place because nothing has any fat calorie,” he turned to me, “Thus the reason why everyone maintains his or her perfectly sculptured body.”
What a slap in the face. So all the food I’ve been eating has been made up of this goo. Now I’m going to see food in an entirely different manner.
“It’s also a way for the Council to again manipulate your human bodies. The human tongue senses the taste and transfers it to the brain, kind of like a personal dictionary to acquired tastes… so if the Council controls your taste buds what makes you think you’re not actually eating salad?”
A bit more than I can chew but better to learn about this now that later.
“And this ingenious individual to come up with Ration Sublimation, was he the one who’s body had yet to be found in that.”
“Becca shhh.”
“His body is still adrift Rebecca, my fellow Myrmidons and what’s left of the Guardians have yet to scavenge the body.” Oliver replied. 
It was like it sickened him to say them, as though he had to force them out of his mouth… I don’t think he expected that ultimatum, or at least the way it ended up. But neither did I.
After that it became hard to say anything. There was this series of uncomforting silence besieging us. I couldn’t even make eye contact with Rebecca, I felt aggravated at her overly too forward smatter and just noosing attitude.
Oliver stood, “Well I’ll see you both at your birthday celebration.”
Rebecca smirked, “Wish I could say the same.”
“Also a Council Official will escort both of you to the recreational facility. Just mope about the market district for a bit, he’ll be here in about a half-hour.” 
He left. And I left my food on that table too; I refused to eat that disgusting pile of glop.

---
Chapter
36
Equivocate
---
Rebecca’s short, spaghetti strap, sundress...
Wafted with her stride. I remained behind her, and just now noticed her eye-catching, and awfully bright yellow dress. She looked beautiful with the sun’s touch embellishing her smooth, silky, shoulder-length hair and her pink lipstick glittering like the ocean’s wrinkling waves amidst a sunset.
“I’ve never seen this place so empty before.” Rebecca said.
I smiled. “Well you know, it’s a bit nice not having gazillion faces staring at me for once!”
Rebecca turned around and stared at me with ogled eyes and jaw-slumped. She lifted her hand and pressed her finger against my chest. “Boo!”
Rebecca stuck her tongue out and then smacked me in the face with her hair as she walked off.
I winced. Guess I shouldn’t have said anything.
We made our way to the center of the market and sat down next to the big water fountain.
“Do you think the Myrmidons expect an attack if there are any stray guardians about?” Rebecca said.
That seemed reasonable, I mean Oliver is there hidden with his fellow Myrmidons… meaning they expect something might happen. But what else can go wrong?
“I’m not sure what that means Becca.” I said.
Clicking footsteps approached us from behind, “And I thought I’d have to search harder than this to find the two most popular children of this generation…”
It was a voice I haven’t heard for nearly two years now; it was him, Xavier Rees.
The first thing I noticed was his blinding, shiny shoes, reflecting the entire sun like a blackened mirror. His smooth black slacks ironed black suit with that white tie, and compelling feature exaggerating his bewildered face.
“Happy Birthday, Sam, Rebecca, congratulations.” He said a bit monotonously.
“Gee thanks.”
“I haven’t seen you in forever”
“If Jason didn’t explain… which he probably didn’t, he commandeered my post, and I was promoted by the Council as a Seeker Warden. And no Rebecca, unfortunately I’m unable to quench your curiosity about what role I now play.” He smirked at her. “You two have grown. Rebecca, a glamorous princess, and you Sam, a nice, tall and slender prince… might have to broaden you up a bit, you seem a bit flimsy.”
“Are you the one who is escorting us?” Rebecca said.
“Regretfully.” He sighed sarcastically. “I had to abandon my job to come here and drag you two to your birthday celebration… how rewarding indeed.”
“Great to see you sir!”
“Same to you Sam, now I say we should begin our course to the Recreational Facility.” He made his way through the vacant market. “Come come now, we don’t want to be late.”
Rebecca and I followed him.
“So why is this place so empty Rees?” Rebecca said.
“You and your questions Rebecca”
“Ugh fine!” She snapped.
“It’s your birthday beautiful, no need for a feisty attitude.” Rees said.
I scoffed and she smacked my arm.
“Pinched a nerve huh?” I said bellowing in laughter.
She hissed and stomped on in front of me.
“Fine job Sam.” Rees said.
Rebecca cleared her throat, “This is not funny.”
Reese cleared his throat, “Of course not!” Rees said.
“Nope.” I agreed.
“Ok enough!” Rebecca shouted, “Let’s just get the birthday thing. Ugh, I can’t believe I’m ready for this day to end.”
With all this random nonsense spiraling about, a question just happened to have leapt forth my lips without me even considering or thinking.
“Rees did you hear any word of our latest and greatest achievement?” I said.
Was that really me asking that or that other anonymous spur of the moment individual who happens to speak before I even think? 
“About the thing that really didn’t happen since we’re not supposed to talk about?” Rees added.
“That’s the one.” Rebecca said.
“Of course I have,” he hesitated briefly, “Not.”
Maybe, just maybe, tonight I’ll have another dream with that so-called President. I cringed at the thought of that, I felt like slapping myself in the face for even considering something so radical. There I went again: curious; curious about this and that, ugh why can’t I shake it off just for a little while? Why do I have to be so unrelenting when it comes to questions that I want answered? In order to seize my questions I did what I had to do, shut off my train of thought: become insipid. 

The rest of the trip to the recreational facility remained as quiet as the lifeless pieces of stone and crud cluttering parts of the sidewalk. Not even Rebecca and all her sudden lividness said a word.
My eyes remained on the ground right behind Rebecca’s clicking heels. Hands buried in my pockets… and I suddenly stared down at myself, and noticed I wasn’t even dressed adequately for my birthday again.
I kept my sight on the ground. Odd, muddied footprints stopped my movement. The sudden horror embracing my conscious left me petrified.
“Guardian footprints.” I whispered.
I glared at the progression of footprints over the grass and they disappeared near a meadow of shrubs that trailed to the area where the river use to be.
I worried about Rebecca’s security. Could there possibly be one stray renegade still running about this place? I didn’t know, and my question wasn’t going to be answered unless I actually witnessed it. For all I know it could just be an old trace from before… perhaps, maybe.
I hurried along the sidewalk and caught up with Rees and Rebecca, whom apparently didn’t notice my little absence. Gee made me feel important. Well I guess Rebecca’s obnoxiously noisy heels cloud any form of unnatural sound to enter their ears... aggravating.

Recreational Facility

A lush aurora of splendor ignited the atmosphere as soon as we passed the beautiful meadow in front of the Recreational Facility. A blast of nostalgia hit me like a rock in the face. Felt exactly like last time. 
An alignment of baby blue and pink balloons trailed all the way to the entrance. The glittery corresponding strings sparkled with the sun’s touch like glancing across the ocean during a sunset. We passed a gargantuan archway made up of the same colored balloons.
“Isn’t it splendid?” Rees said.
“It’s amazing! It’s like a work of art.” Rebecca said.
I didn’t answer. 
As we made it to the door a strange urge to see Amy noosed around my heart. I tried recalling the time I danced with her last year… but I couldn’t seem to picture it, only a void space of nothingness enveloping that memory.
Why couldn’t I picture her face? Why couldn’t I look back, and relive that entire moment of serenity? The strain left me in vain; there was nothing there, not a single reminiscence of her features. Nothing... how, how can I not envision it again?
My memories, the things I care so much about, vanishing...
Rees stopped at the door and turned around. He smirked and then clapped his hands.
“You two enjoy.” Rees said. 
The doors opened and to my surprise two identically dressed individuals, silky black cloak and gold masks, whom I assumed were the invisible myrmidons, greeted us with a respectful bow.
Rebecca nudged my shoulder. “Thought we weren’t going to notice them!” She whispered.
I pursed my lips and held back my chuckle.
I couldn’t see passed them, it was pitch-black.
“Don’t be afraid now. Go on and step inside. It’s perfectly safe.” Rees assured us.
I felt Rebecca grab my hand. She took one glance at me, nodded, and together we stepped inside.
As soon as we took our first step inside, the darkness enveloping the Recreational Facility vanished with a single poof of flashing lights.
“HAPPY BIRTHDAY!” Bellowed a crowd of people.
My eyes adjusted and I saw a mass of people ahead of us clapping.
When the echoing combustion of applauds and yells seized, a blast of booming music roared and flashing different colored lights moved in secession with the ear-splitting thumps.
Ms. William and Ms. Malcolm stood before us with bright big smiles embracing their faces. I couldn’t help but smile back. The warm, awkward feeling, like little butterflies in the pit of my stomach reawakened again. I almost forgot how that felt like, it felt weird and good all at the same time, and I truly did miss it. But now it’s back, and I’m going to enjoy every minute of it.
Rebecca rushed ahead and met Ms. William and Ms. Malcolm with a hug.
I felt Rees’s hand massage my shoulder, “Go on Sam, don’t be shy.”
Just as the warm feeling came, it disappeared, replaced by utter fear as his hand massaged my shoulder. I didn’t know what to say to him. I didn’t know what it was, but I just didn’t feel whole. Or perhaps I was confusing the feeling with security? Those guardian footprints that I saw kept on edging closer and closer to my conscious.
I saw Rebecca waving at me to come, and Ms. William giving me the same gesture.
“Come on Sam!” Rebecca called.
I took my first step forward just to be met with a nag that left me paralyzed. All the roaring sounds distorted. My eyes glared at Rebecca, Ms. William, and Ms. Malcolm, the rest of the faces were a mass of blur, unrecognizable, illusions perhaps?
“Sam!” I heard Rebecca’s distorted voice yell again.
I blinked, only to envision the man with those emerald eyes mumbling something. I closed my eyes and felt the comforting darkness envelope my whole. And slowly the darkness broke apart with a bright light slipping pass the eluding mist. I briefly opened my eyes again. This time, the same scene in front of me, Rebecca, Ms. William, and Ms. Malcolm waved at me in a slow motion that curled my stomach.
I blinked. Everything went back to normal. The distorted sound clarified and my nauseous feeling went away.
I shook my head and commenced towards them. But something was happening here, every step that I took had this booming outburst, quivering the floor around me.
I blinked.
Again that man’s blurred face flashed before me.
I blinked faster, and faster, watching the image behind my eyelids come to life as though I were shuffling through a flipbook.
The blurred face wasn’t blurred any longer. The man behind it was Dr. Harris Brown. His eyes were this hardly translucent, almost fake, shade of jaded green. His lips moved. I held my eyes tightly shut to hear his mumble.  
“Ages past and ages rise.”
I opened my eyes and was met by Ms. William.
“Happy birthday sweetheart!” She hugged and gave me a kiss on my forehead. “Don’t you forget that I love you honey.”
Another quivering outburst radiated across the distorted sounds permeating together to make one gargantuan nest of heaving noise. The irk on my side came back, this time, I fell on my knees to the pain. It felt like a supernatural force had just punctured me with some sharp object.
I groaned. I looked around and nobody seemed to notice my yelps of pain.
I closed my eyes again, the darkness, that black void made the pain go away. I wanted to reach out to it, grab a hold of its all-sanctifying nurture… come to me, please make the pain go away. I pleaded to the darkness. Make it go away... MAKE IT GO AWAY!
“Y-Y-y-ou-you-you m-m-m-mak-k-ke-make me feel special.” A familiar voice bellowed out to me from the void space behind my eyelids.
A harrowing force plowed my face.
I opened my eyes.
I stood there staring at Rebecca, Ms. William, and Ms. Malcolm in between the sea of blurred faces.
“Come on Sam, let’s dance!” Amy said
No, it wasn’t Amy, what am I thinking. It was Rebecca, standing there, beautifully and patiently as she waited on my reply. 
I smiled at Rebecca’s warm, comforting, aurora that captivated me. My lips moved and I concurred to her request.
“You know Sam. I’ve always wondered what happens… once your body returns to its stasis field of tranquility. When the gripping and haunting black consumes forever… what if nothing really happens. What if life goes on even after that? Death is an illusion to those that fear it, and a reality to those that embrace it.” Rebecca said, her voice distorted again, shifting into a much deeper tone.
“W-what are you talking a-a-a-ab-about-about-about?” I asked.
She smiled.
“Huh?” Rebecca said as her voice returned to normal.
I felt my body move with hers, dancing majestically to the smooth, slow rhythm of the music. My hands were wrapped around her waist, and her hands were around the back of my neck. 
She giggled. “Uh you ok Sam? You seem a bit flustered.”
I grinned. “No, no, I’m feeling great Becca.”
“You know Sam.” She hesitated as her eyes connected to mine, “You’re really special to me.”
She leaned her head against my chest.
One I heard her words, that numbness that was enveloping my body, was erased by this strange feeling of wholeness and joy.
The sound surrounding me distorted away into nothing but a flicker. The lights brightened. Everything stopped for that split moment when I heard it, that screeching roar the roar that took him away, the roar that was about to come and take me away.
The sound stopped and the lights dimmed. Rebecca pushed away and looked around.
“Sam… Sam what’s happening?” 
All the people that surrounded us flickered like a picture and then buzzed off.
“What the...”
“Sam, Becca, get down now!” I heard Oliver’s voice yell.
“T-That sounded like Thomas, Sam!” Rebecca said.
“Thomas…” I muttered, “But where’d everyone go?”
Where are Ms. William and Ms. Malcolm at? What’s going on?
The entire room was empty. It was one gigantic white warehouse of nothing but bare tables and chairs. I glanced up and saw that same mirror making up the entire ceiling. None of this was making sense. Where did everything disappear?
I heard echoing footsteps running towards us. 
“Sam, Becca, follow me.” Rees said.
“What’s happening Rees?” Rebecca snapped.
A tremble shook the ground.
“No time to explain Becca we...”
Loud clangs echoed across the warehouse.
“Myrmidons get over here now!” Rees screamed.
From the shadow’s five cloaked men in gold masks appeared.
“We’re already ready.” A mysterious voice said.
A high-pitched shriek cracked the ceiling, sprinkling small fragments of glass all over the floor.
I felt terrified. I couldn’t move at all. What were they talking about? Ready? Ready for what? What’s happening?
“Sam.” Thomas said with his muffled voice. “The entire facility is on an EMQ alert.”
Rebecca rose. “That doesn’t answer anything Thomas. What’s happening, huh? Where’d all the people go?” She strolled over to Thomas and dug her finger in his chest. “SAY SOMETHING!”
He stood like a statue.
“Rebecca.” Thomas grabbed her hand and pulled it off. “Be coy for once.”
Rebecca inhaled profoundly. “Fine. Be that way!”
She shoved Thomas back with a vigorous push and then broke into a sprint towards the enveloping darkness.
“BECCA!” I screamed.
I tried to follow but one of the other myrmidons grabbed my shirt and yanked me to the ground.
“Don’t move.” He hissed. He glared up at Thomas and Rees. “Thomas and Xavier, go get her now.” 
They did what they were told and disappeared as well.
Am I dreaming? Could this be some unpleasant unreality that has somehow summoned itself out of my mind? None of this was making sense. 
“I apologize Sam. I guess this isn’t a good place to explain. So I promise you, that once this little obstacle is over I’ll personally give you an insight on this. But I’ll need a request from you after all this is over.” He said.
This wasn’t helping. That just brought more bewilderment.
“Just listen to everything I tell you to do, ok?”
I nodded.
With another plowing blow a break of sunlight slit through the darkness to the far right of where I sat. I felt the myrmidon grab my collar and pull me up.
“Get up, get up.” He grabbed my hand and dragged me towards the opposite end. “Quicken your pace child.”
A screech shattered the entire mass of mirror. 
“Stop.” He said.
I felt the cold shards of glass prickle over me and chime down against the ground.
The other three myrmidons stood behind us with rifles aimed towards the hole on the opposite end.
Fast paced footsteps approached us. From the misty debris, spiraling like smoke amidst the beaming sunlight, Thomas and Rees appeared; Rebecca carried over Rees’s shoulder.
I gasped. “Bec...”
The myrmidon covered my mouth.
“Shhh. Relax. She’s fine.” He assured me.
But how did he know? How could he know! She just appeared out of the blue on Rees’s shoulder. How could his bland assurance satisfy me?
“She’s fine Sam.” Thomas whispered.
“Xavier take the children. Thomas align yourself with us.”
Rees took my hand and yanked me away the commanding myrmidon.
“Just stand still.” Rees said.
I couldn’t think straight. My thoughts were spiraling out of control into an overdose of shock and awe that left me disorientated.
The lights sprung on.
A guardian on hind legs stood about ten feet away from us. Its ruby coated eyes glared directly at me as its clenched jaw gnawed against its own razor sharp teeth.
It shrieked so loud that the shards of glass on the floor trembled and then shattered into smaller bits. The ground shuddered. Bits of wind-driven debris sprinkled down from the ceiling.
“Do something.” Rees whispered.
The myrmidons stood motionless, only their long cloaks ruffled with the brushing strokes of wind.
I remained idle. My eyes caught sight of Rebecca. Her inert body remained on the floor. I bit my lip and shut my eyes as tightly as possible. But this time, the darkness didn’t comfort me; it didn’t draw me in, it only pushed me away. I opened my eyes again and turned towards the Guardian.
I heard a click. In that moment the guardian roared and then leapt to a sprint. It rammed against the myrmidons like a bowling ball, slinging them across the floor. One of the myrmidons jumped to his feet and hurried forward.
“Yield!”
It was Thomas.
The guardian whinnied and did a moan-like clacking sound.
I gasped as I heard the cock of a gun. I didn’t know what inauspicious reaction left me baffled, but as that sound creaked back, I felt something puncture in my leg. I darted up. 
The pain on my leg faded away as I saw the Guardian clamp its jaws around one of the myrmidon’s head. The beast jerked the myrmidon’s head left and right and then threw the body on the floor. The gold, dented and blemished, mask, rolled to a stop at my feet. I stared at it and then glanced back at the body. Could it be Thomas?  
The Guardian shrieked, as blood, swarmed out of its mouth like a puff of smoke. The beast rose on hind legs and pounded its chest. It lifted its arms and then drove them against the tile. 
I took a step backwards, lost my balance, and fell backwards onto a bed of glass. 
I no longer could open my eyes. All I could feel were those tiny shards of glass slitting through my clothes... and then it finally came to me, the lush black abyss finally accepted me, taking me away into the void…

Coiling blood circulated behind my eyelids. The blood smeared itself like a splash of paint and then drizzled down until all that remained was blankness. 
A streak of sunlight broke from a hole. I made my way towards the light, stretched for it, and felt its warmth touch my skin. But no matter how much I strived, I couldn’t reach it.

“Echoes venture with the wind.” He said.
Finally the bare emptiness broke apart and an unending tempestuous sky accompanied the unsteady ocean.
I gasped as I felt a hand clutch my shoulder.
“Relax Sam.” The President said. “You’re safe.”
In the corner of my eye I saw that archway.
“Why is it that I am always appearing here?”
The President cleared his throat. “I don’t answer questions Sam. Now, let’s pass the archway.”
I gritted my teeth and inhaled profound. “Why should I?” 
“Questions are obsolete.”
“Then what if I refuse?”
I heard the President burst out in laughter. 
“Then perhaps it would do just to wake up.”
I arched an eyebrow, “How am I supposed to do...”
The President grabbed my mouth and squeezed. “For some reason you and Rebecca are the only test-subjects that have a form of reason and consciousness when you enter this unreality. And I can’t seem to put a finger as to why. You don’t know how aggravating it is to not comprehend this aberrant phenomenon.” His squeeze loosened and then he shoved me to the ground. “The rest of the subjects give in… but you and Rebecca just don’t.”
I tasted the blood in my mouth… I could taste blood in my mouth from this-this thing, this area of examination that’s composed itself like a vision or something. All of this seemed unbelievable… but then again I was conscious inside the Consolation Chamber for a prolonged period of time; and I never questioned that.
“Perhaps your prerequisites will have to be taught in person after your departure from Preteritus. Close your eyes.”  
The entirety of this was but a wake left behind by a trail of coincidence. His inexplicable comments answered some of my questions… so I was just to leave... yet I wasn’t quenched. 

---
Chapter
37
Atrocity
---
I feared what I’d open my eyes to 
Yet the only thing that comforted me were speculations bubbling from my thoughts.
So Rebecca and I aren’t the sole test-subjects for that so-called dream. Others were subject to it too. However, those others gave in… because they didn’t have any form of consciousness to choose otherwise. But how could they teach something without wholly acquiring the individual? 
That’s a question that will never get answered. And I knew that. So why ask anyways? Why do I keep asking questions? I’m drowning in my own self-righteousness because I can’t let it go. I have to, I must. There’s no other choice then to give in. And in order to start, I’ll have to open my eyes.
I gasped at the burning pain escalating throughout my body.
“You’re finally coming in. Sam, Sam, can you hear me?”
I didn’t recognize the voice.
I opened my eyes and gasped at the sight of the Myrmidon staring right at me about five inches from my face.
“T-Thomas?” I said uncertain.
“Yup. You gave me quite a scare Sam!”
My body ached so much. I couldn’t bear it, I screamed at the top of my lungs, and all that comforted me in return was my echo.
Thomas’s massaged my shoulder, “Relax Sam, you’ll be fine. Hey at least this time you’ll be conscious when I take you to the Medical Facility.”
I smiled. That small slab of sarcasm caused a portion of my pain to subside.
“Rebecca has already been taken to the Medical Facility.” Thomas said. “So don’t go worrying about her.”
His assurance didn’t satisfy. 
“You’re probably wondering what’s happened huh?”
I groaned. “W-where’d everyone go?”
He took a deep breath, “I might as well explain since we’re in a dead-zone”
“W-wait, dead-zone, what?” I croaked as a burst of blood spewed from my lips.
“It’s what the Myrmidons call areas where there’s no security.”
Thomas took my hand and helped me to my feet. My feet quivered and wobbled, I almost lost balance as soon as I stood. The strain on my side burned so much.
“Wow now, not too fast Sam.”
He helped me take a seat on a chair. In all his effort, I felt truly grateful that out of the bunch Thomas would stay behind and wait for me. There wasn’t a form of gratitude for his kindness.
“First off… the Guardian got away. Rees left immediately to try and track it and the other surviving Myrmidons took Rebecca to the Medical Facility. Look Sam this entire scene you witnessed as you walked in,” he sighed, “It was all framed. Everything you saw was but a hoax to lure that final Guardian. And on behalf of the Council and their Officials… I’m sorry… I didn’t want them to ruin your final birthday like that, it wasn’t my call, it was the Pre-President’s Official Orders.”
I groaned as my pain continued to throb my side. I had to force my next words without a croak, “Was my other birthday like that too”
“Sam just don’t worry about any of that. Just know that,” Thomas hesitated and then turned away from me. “What my leader and Xavier Rees will ask of you will probably be your number one priority. And I hope you follow the orders step by step.”
He turned to me. Snapped the mask off his face and set it on the table. He reached out his hand towards me. “Go on and take it.”
I took his hand and he shook it.
“I’ll accept that for your gratitude. Now let’s get you to the Medical Facility and get you checked out.”
I grinned and nodded. “Ok.”
He lifted me from the chair and helped me on my feet.
“Hey Thomas, I’ve got a question that you might know.”
“Ask.” He said.
“Is he really dead?” I asked.
“Let’s just say I owed him… and that exchange marked us even.” Thomas gave me a heartwarming smile, “Now that I’ve said that, I say we get you fixed up.”

Medical Facility

The walk never felt longer.
I glared down at myself, now that visibility exposed my whole, and noticed all sorts of blood marks on my clothes. This is a moment I’d much rather appear inside a comfy room all healed up than have to drag myself, partially leveraged, to a room.
“So barren.” I muttered.
“Yup. As usual. Can’t expect to change much now. This entire installation is getting more and more secluded as time goes on. It’s just the way it is.” Thomas said.
“It’s sad.”
“What’s sad is this entire area has been on an EMQ alert for about seven hours now. Once we get you inside the medical facility the alert will lift.” He said.
All of this, for nothing. The entire time sink of a plan just for them to come out empty handed. Wouldn’t have expected any other outcome. They couldn’t even find one man supposed dead, so how can they expect to make one fraudulent episode to capture some fiend?
I can’t come to a conclusion. Even after all of this that I’ve experienced and close to watching my final year tick away. I think understanding the complexity of all that’s surrounding me will have to wait.
“What’s on your mind?” Thomas said.
I cringed. “Um, just-just a bunch of random stuff… it helps to keep the pain away.”
“Are you sure Sam? You really do seem rather tense.” He said.
Well who wouldn’t be tense after that outrageous incident?
“To be honest Thomas, I was thinking a lot about what I’m about to do in this final year”
“There isn’t much you can do.” He interrupted.
“Well that’s what I was going to say. I mean I’ve been pretty uh notorious for trouble so I thought perhaps it's time to tone it down just a notch”
“No-no, not just a notch Sam, an entire one-eighty degree turn. We can’t compromise your safety any longer. We’ve given you the freedom to go about and follow your curiosity, but now we must shut the door entirely,” Thomas hesitated.
And I couldn’t bring myself to say anything else.
“I apologize again Sam. Like I said, what will be asked of you in your final year will not be easy.”

We both remained silent the rest of the way to the Medical Facility…
I staggered to go up the steps and tried my best not to take Thomas’s assistance, but I couldn’t do it by myself. He helped me take it one step at a time with his hand wrapped around my waist and my arm over his neck.
“There we go.”
I heard Thomas mutter to himself.
He groaned as we made our final step, “Gee Sam, not only have you grown you’ve really gotten heavy!”
“Thanks.” I said with gritted teeth.
The double doors slid open. The pretty receptionist, with baby blue eyes and pink cheeks, glared up at us and smiled.
“Oh my!” She gasped. “We’ll get you a room right away!”
She stood and darted through the double doors marked with really big, bold letters saying: EMERGENCY.
I never noticed that word there in the first place. Our perhaps I just never observed it since I had a tendency to leave and never come here to begin with.
The double doors opened and a doctor hurried over to me. A white mask veiled her face and a hairnet had her golden hair pulled back in a knot, but I could still see the same baby blue eyes glaring at me through the sockets.
On her left hand she held a clipboard and on her right a pen. She clicked on over towards me while her white coat dragged over the tile.
“Well hello again Mr. Sam.” She said. “You’re still growing I see. And quite dirty too… wonder how that could have happened.” Her eyes darted to Thomas and then right back at me.
I believe this was the doctor that checked me not too long ago, Dr Nicky Kewell. But why veil her face?
“Madam we need assistance not an acquaintance.” Thomas said.
  She turned to him. “Myrmidon I presume. Petty and weak just like the Council. Now I’ll tend to the boy. You may leave.” She said.
Thomas’s eyes squinted and I noticed his jaw locked.
Dr. Kewell slipped the pen into her coat pocket and lifted her hand towards me. “Take my hand Sam. I’ll get you to a room and fix you right up.”
I took her hand and felt the cushioned patting of her white gloves squeeze firm. Her delightful fragrance of flowers made a small portion of my pain subside.
She turned around and I staggered to follow her quick stride. 
“I apologize about my slight bitterness to your companion. I don’t believe in their kind. A wasted fund by the Council.” She said.
I remained quiet. Her comment about funding seemed a bit open. Why would she say something like that to me? 
She stopped and faced me.
“This will be your designated quarters Sam.” Dr. Kewell said.
“So is having a mask some new trend?” I asked.
“Of course not. Perhaps your little Myrmidon friend will explain.” She stopped and glared behind me. “Here he comes. Again.”
“Excuse me! Dr. Kewell.”
Thomas scurried over towards us.
“Well so lovely to see you again. But I’d suggest I get my patient immediate attention. We can chat later Mr. Myrmidon.” Dr. Kewell said.
“No. I’m staying with the boy.” Thomas said. “And I do have a name.”
She scoffed. “Really? I didn’t know that. I didn’t know they gave names to fiends. Anyways, if you must, get inside the room with him. I’ll send the nurse and we’ll begin the diagnostics.”
Thomas opened the door for me and Dr. Kewell assisted me to the bed.
She went into the cabinet over the sink and grabbed a syringe. “Sam, this will only take a second.”
From her coat pocket she pulled out a small something that I couldn’t see right.
“This is antibacviral formula to make sure none of the wounds get infected.” She said.
Dr. Kewell rolled up my sleeve and gave me the shot.
“I’ll be back. The nurse will begin diagnostics.” She said.
She left.
I nestled myself in the bed and closed my eyes.   
Much will be asked of you in this final year Sam… kept on repeating over and over again. I didn’t know what they’d ask of me and I couldn’t put my finger on to what they’d want me to do. My entire whole felt an overwhelming sense of lament. I feared for Rebecca. What could have happened to her? Why wouldn’t he tell me anything except his assurance that she’s ok?
Again, the series of questions continued to mound up like piles of leaves embedding a forest floor.

I opened my eyes…
All the pain I remember feeling was gone. I blinked and rose from the covers.
“Welcome back Sam.” Thomas said.
He sat there with arms crossed. His face seemed restless with his half opened eyes and slow blinks.
“What happened?”
He cleared his throat. “Well they fixed you up!”
“That was quick”
“Not really.” Thomas scoffed. “More like a day's worth of recuperation. The antibacviral injection she gave you knocked you out cold.” He rose. “By the way Sam. Our head Myrmidon and Rees are outside waiting to have a chat with you. They’ll be in momentarily.”
I nodded. “Alright.”
The door opened and a tall and slender man, face covered by a silver mask, and body completely covered by a charcoal-colored cloak, stepped inside, followed by Xavier Rees. This man strikingly resembled someone… but I couldn’t put my finger on who.
“Good morning Sam.” The silver masked man said. “I’m Timothy, the leader of the Myrmidon program. I’m sure you’re already acquainted with Mr. Xavier Rees.”
“Yes sir.” I answered.
“Excellent. We’re here to speak to you about what you witnessed inside the Recreational Facility.” Timothy said.
“Well hello again Sam!” Rees said with a bright smile.
I grinned. “Hey Rees!”
They closed the door.
Timothy took a deep breath and leaned against the door. “Ok. Now Sam. Here’s what’s happening. As Thomas probably already explained, the Recreational Facility event was a hoax. Something to try to lure that final renegade Guardian out.
I know it seems like some kind of twisted fairy tale that some giant werewolf looking things are after you, but you’re not in fault. We mistook the traces left behind and committed mistakes due to laziness and because of it you and Rebecca faced this dilemma. We’ll take care of the damage done and fix our mistakes.
“In order to keep you safe and away from harm’s way we need you to remain inactive for the remaining year until your departure onwards your courses of study. We’ll have a Council Officer and Thomas as your designated chaperone from here on out. The classes you take will also have them outside the doors; they’re to remain in your sight at all times. Your friend Rebecca will undergo the same sentence. It’s not just you.
“Now I’ll explain the scene you witnessed in the Recreational Facility. Sam in order to keep a certain point of sanity amidst the crowd, the Council uses illusions and imagery to try to recreate the human emotions to contribute to their senses. Ultimately, just decoying and reproducing a false sense of the humanity they’ve witnessed in pictures and their courses of study.
“Apologizing doesn’t fix anything, but do know that we’re in depth to you and Rebecca for what you’re both going through.” He turned to Rees and nodded. “Have anything to add?”
Rees stepped forward and reached his hand out towards me. I took it and he shook it. “Great to see you well Sam!” Rees said overjoyed. “Seriously, I didn’t even think it was going to happen the way it did. So sudden… spooky, I-I never expected”
“Rees reminiscing the incident isn’t helping anything.” Timothy said.
Rees nodded. “Yes-yes, he’s absolutely right. I got carried away.” He giggled nervously. “I’ve found traces of the fiends whereabouts and I’ve already given the information to Timothy and his other Myrmidons and scavenging for it. So we hope that it’ll be captured before your departure.”
“Sam the President and Pre-President are both highly monitoring this area. The amount of chatter and inexcusable turmoil that has been happening for the past couple of years is something they’re trying to sever indefinitely. And by doing so they’re going to do outrageous things that’ll cause claustrophobia to ground most of the older generation of Caretakers.” Timothy hesitated as he edged closer to me. “Look no more excuses. You’re a special case, and so is Rebecca, you two will not be able to be together any longer. You two are to remain as anonymous as possible to one another. I can’t stress enough the importance of this. You mustn’t do anything except the goals your AI Jane has. Understood?”
I nodded. “Yes I-I understand.”
“Excellent.” Timothy said.
I glared at Thomas who sat motionless and stared aimlessly at the wall without even breathing.
“Sam…” Rees said. “There’s something else that might come as a shocker to you. Sadly, Ms. William will not act as she once did. Um…”
“Get to the point Xavier.” Timothy urged.
“What do you mean?” I croaked.
This sudden overwhelming sense of despair shackled my heart. I felt moisture in my eyes build up.
“Sam.” Thomas said. “There are certain things that have to be done in order to retain an edge to perfection”
Perfection? Perfection is as attainable as trying to fill an empty cup with another empty cup. 
“That’s something that he doesn’t have to understand just yet Thomas.” Timothy said.
“Ms. William will not be the same person you knew Sam. I’m sorry.” Thomas said.
I’m sorry? Is that all they can say? Taking everything away from me and all they’ve got to say is I’m sorry. How reassuring. How enticing.
I took a deep breath and fell back into the bed.
“I’ve heard enough.” I said. “Please let me be.”
“And we have said enough. Rees, Thomas, I’ll take my leave. You two deploy the protocol we addressed.” Timothy said. “Thank you for listening Sam. And I apologize”
As soon as he said apologize I shut his voice out of my head. I hope I never see him again, I hope I never see any of them again. They’ve taken everything that I held dear… taken the only thing that was real to me. Not some fake recreation of life, not illusive materials to recreate human emotions, no, to me they were real. 
Ms. William’s loving kindness and the friendship that Rebecca and I had… all just a miscellaneous piece of rubbish now. Ms. William would never be the same person I knew her as. They’ve redefined her with hollowness… at least that’s what I assume they’ve done... they wouldn’t be throwing apologies here and there if it wasn’t something as gargantuan as that. There’s nothing else for me to say and nothing else I can do.
I’m powerless…

I stood before my townhouse door and feared to even enter.
How will Ms. William receive me? Will I recognize her heartwarming reverence? Or will she be like the AI system, something fake, a robot… just thinking about it made my boil blood. My fists clenched and I grounded my teeth. 
“Go on Sam, it’s not like the door will open itself!” Thomas said.
I bit my lip. I wasn’t going to grin; I refuse to do anything that might land a hunch of my true color. It’s time for me to act as the rest. Hollow ghosts wandering aimless towards an inanimate goal.
I cringed. I didn’t want to speak, but I had to force it out. “Is Ms. William not here?” 
“Nope. She’s working”
My nostrils flared. But I honestly didn’t want to know, but I had to ask, I needed to know. “What was done to her?” I interrupted.
I turned around and stared at him deadeye.
“Anything?” I said again after he didn’t answer.
He couldn’t make eye contact with me.
“Why did Dr. Kewell call Myrmidons fiends? What are you?”
“I…”
“LOOK AT ME!” I bellowed. His fake looking blue eyes connected to mine. “Tell me what’s been done to her. T-tell me everything.”
“You speak out of line for a child. And yet again you blind yourself with question after question. Can’t you just disdain your questions for just a couple more months Sam?” Thomas pleaded. “I promise you they’ll be answered. Even questions about the outside world… and the real reason everything is as it is.”
After my forceful approach, he still answered with his cool voice of wisdom.
“Sam if I could tell you everything I would, I’d spill everything to you right now, but I can’t and that’s that, ok? I’m here to look after you so I’ll mentor you the best way I can, within my boundaries of course.”
I nodded.
“It’s an ever growing wonder.” I said.
“It is, and once you discover the truth it’ll be the more satisfying. I mean it only feels like yesterday since I first spoke to you, and look at you now. As tall as me and wiser than I’d ever think a boy your age could be.” Thomas said.
I didn’t know whether to thank him or not. Nevertheless, I didn’t answer. I didn’t know what made me the way I am. It’s too natural… or perhaps it could just be all that medication they’re feeding me. Maybe they’re just forcing this out of me.
I opened the door.
“Oh and by the way, your classes begin in an hour.” Thomas said.

The kitchen had a faint aroma of Ms. William’s usual fragrance. It was dark, only the beaming streams of sunlight slitting through the kitchen window gave a hunch of light.
I took a step inside and the lights flickered on.
“Welcome home Sam.”
I heard Jane say.
“Classes begin in fifty-seven minutes.”
I heard Thomas chuckle. “They’ve enhanced the security… as you can already notice. Movement detecting, automatic lights”
“Yeah, yeah, I got it.” I said.
“Go get ready for class, I’ll fix up something quick for lunch.” He said.
“Ok.”
I left towards my room and shut the door. I leaned against the door and lurched my head down. I felt this undoubtedly uncomforting feeling spiraling about my whole. I feared, feared the walls, and feared the monitor, they were all coming to get me, watching my every move… I wanted to run, run out of here…
I closed my eyes and let the comforting blackness sooth my worry. Inside the blurry smoke billowing up from my conscious the envelope appeared. I gasped.
Was I really ready to read the contents inside?
I took a step towards my bed. Knelt down and stuck my hand in between the mattresses. I grabbed the rigid envelope, pulled it out, and stared at the clay stamp.
“Sam.”
Thomas called.
I folded the envelope and tucked it in my back pocket.
I heard light taps on the door. “You alright in there?”
I hurried to my drawer pulled a random set of clothes and ran to answer the door.
I opened it. “Yeah I’m fine!” I lied. “I was just grabbing some clothes.”
“Ok just making sure. Well hurry along, we’ve got roughly thirty minutes before class begins.” Thomas said.
“Ok.”
I rushed on past him and headed towards the bathroom. I shut the door and stared at my reflection in the mirror. My cheeks felt awfully hot. My blush probably gave my lie away.
---
Chapter
38
Segregation
---
I stepped out of the bathroom…
I didn’t open the envelope as I intentionally planned. Just kept it nestled in my back pocket… for now at least. I didn’t want to open it alone, I wanted Rebecca by my side when I did.
A delightful aroma coming from the kitchen left me famished.
I took a step closer to the kitchen but stopped myself halfway after hearing multiple voices.
“He is strong…”
I heard Thomas’s voice.
“Are they absolutely positive they’re making the right choice?”
It was Xavier.
“I say.” This voice I didn’t recognize, but it was low and firm, “We speak of this in a more secure location.”
“You’re right. So will Elizabeth even return?” Thomas asked.
“I don’t know if she will be…”
After hearing that I rushed in.
“What do you mean you don’t know if she’ll be back?” I bellowed.
The man whose voice I didn’t recognize was some random Council Official with his polished baldhead and straight-ironed black suit. He stood motionless near the door that led outside.
Thomas sighed.
Xavier rose. “Sam.” He took one step towards me. “The Council has taken heed on your particular case.”
I cringed. “What does that mean?”
“It means that unfortunately Ms. Elizabeth William will not return.” The Council Official said with a hard voice.
My nostrils flared at his gnawing sentence. I balled my fists and give him a dead-look. I hate him, I-I hated all of them. My life isn’t some game. My life isn’t some story. It’s MY life not theirs. But I couldn’t do anything… I am powerless as always.
My fists uncoiled and just let the tears slither down my cheeks.
Rees massaged his temples. “Sam it’s our goal to keep you safe. Since Dr. Harrison Brown is out of the picture the only other lead we had was Ms. Elizabeth William. The person closest to you”
I cringed. “So an assumption led you to believe that rubbish?” I replied. 
“No.” The Council Official said. “We’ve monitored Ms. William for quite some time now and her views we’re unorthodox. She went way out of bound with the things she shared with you.”
“Because of trust, because she loved me!” I yelled.
“Which is something the Council does not condone. Attachment is to be detachable, no matter the means, no matter the consequence.” The Council Official stated as though it were some stupid line from a code or something.
This was a lost cause. Nothing I’d say would bring Ms. William back.
“Let the boy eat. His classes begin shortly.” Thomas said.
“Understood. I’ll take my leave.” The Council Official said and then walked out.
“I’m not hungry Thomas.” I said. “Let’s just get this day over with.”
“Have you taken your medication?” Rees asked.
I nodded. “Yes.” I lied.
“Jane has Sam taken his medication?” Thomas asked.
“Sam has not taken his medicine.” Jane replied.
I winced as the moisture in my eyes continued to swell.
“I’m deeply sorry Sam… please take the medicine and then we leave.” Thomas said.
Don’t people know when to just shut up? I’m sorry… I’m sorry doesn’t mend the unyielding pain that’s destroying my sense of feel. I’m falling apart little by little, why can’t they understand not saying something helps more than spitting out a useless sentence. I couldn’t take it anymore.

I slowed to a crawl behind Thomas with hands plowed in my pocket.
“Sam you need to relax.” Thomas said.
I took a deep breath. “Thomas why do you care?”
“Because it’s my job to care”
I snorted, “Your job? Ha”
Thomas turned around and glared at me with squinted eyes and pursed lips. “You mind your tongue. There’s a time and place for everything Sam, and right now pestering with my patience isn’t a good idea. And I will give you this hint, I wasn’t even aware about the Council’s decision on Ms. William.”
There’s a time and place for everything Sam…
Those words… I closed my eyes and gasped with the sight of that embedding crimson stain consuming the back of my eyelids.
“Y-you didn’t?” I muttered.
“No”
“Both of you quiet down.” Rees said. “Thomas if you must go and take a break, I’ll make sure Sam’s in proper care.”
He faced Rees and nodded. “I’ll be back shortly after the classes end.”
And like that Thomas sprinted off towards the Market District.
 
The hallway inside the Jefferson building remained bare. The doors for each classroom were open, but not a nip of activity or chatter.
I made my way down the hallway towards classroom twenty-seven. I glanced inside and saw Rebecca sitting next to two other girls with blond hair.
Rees pushed me inside. “We’re already late.” He whispered. “Get in there!”
The faces embraced me as I set foot inside the classroom. They all looked at me bewildered. I stood petrified.
“Go on take a seat please.”
I glanced up at the podium and saw Ms. Benning with arms crossed staring at me.
“Take a seat next to Rebecca please.” She said.
I walked over to the desk next to Rebecca and took a seat. I glanced at Rebecca and she ignored me completely.
“Since you were a bit late you missed my introduction. These three fine ladies here are Rebecca, Brittney, and Amanda. Ladies, this gentleman here is Sam.”
All three girls turned to me and nodded with a smile. Rebecca, the only odd ball in the bunch, with her tranquil hazel eyes, did the same gesture.
Could she be playing oblivious and anonymous like the Myrmidon leader asked of us? I turned to Rees on the doorway and he shook his head. I raised an eyebrow trying to decipher what he could mean by that. 
Pay attention, his lips read.
I turned and faced Ms. Benning. My nostrils flared and jaw locked. I felt angry. I glanced back at Rebecca and she turned to me.
“What?” Rebecca whispered.
“Becca?” I muttered.
“Uh Rebecca.” She said.
 Ms. Benning slapped her hand on her podium. “Excuse me. Ms. Rebecca and Mr. Sam, please pay attention.”
I turned back to Ms. Benning. My fists rolled up and muscles tensed. I couldn’t bend this anger that continued to pulsate across me. 
“Now that we’re all paying close attention I’ll begin the class at once…”
No, I wasn’t paying attention. My attention remained glued on my own aggravation. First Ms. William and now Rebecca’s ignorance. Eating me from the inside out… I couldn’t explain myself… I-I wanted to scream, rise and just throw my desk aside and run out the door.
But I couldn’t. I had to control myself. I must control myself.
Ms. Benning continued her useless jabber. Her red hair shimmered with the bright sunlight stripping through the blinds. And her face as angelic with a simple coating of pink blush and pink coated lipstick. Her striking resemblances to Ms. William crippled any and all form of knowledge to even come close to my interest. I sighed. 
“There is a word called oxymoron, do any of you know what this word means? Sam.” Her eyes darted to me. “Anything.”
“Oxymoron is relating two words with contradictory meaning…example, a little big,”
“Excellent.” She blurted out. “Good job Mr. Sam.”
 I saw her eyes dart to Rees and then back at me. I wasn’t aware I knew what that word meant either… I guess she thought Rees told me somehow, perhaps telepathically.
“Do you ladies comprehend his ideology?” Ms. Benning asked.
“Isn’t that a tad excessive”
“Ding.” Ms. Benning smacked her desk with her hand. “Oxymoron!”
Rebecca’s face reddened as she cleared her throat. “Excuse me… isn’t that excessive.”
“What is dear?”
“Don’t address me as dear please,” Rebecca snarled. “Your little speech about ideology. It isn’t his ideology, it’s but a common-knowledge that should be known by everyone”
“Becca she was just trying to use long, incomprehensible words.”
“Mm`k, how about you quit calling me Becca, that’s not my name!” Rebecca’s eyes were furious as she stared into mine.
No this wasn’t Becca… this was someone else.
“You two settle down. Mr. Rees please address Mr. Sam out of my classroom and show him proper manners.”
“Excuse me? Proper manners?” I rose. “Rees what’s happening?”
“Sam come over here please.” Rees said.
I did what he asked. 
“Go outside.” He whispered.
“What?”
He shoved me towards the exit.
I shrugged. “Rees what are you doing?”
“Just get outside please.”
I went pass the double doors and then leapt over the steps. I faced Rees.
“Uh what?”
He dropped down and stood right in my face. His face expressionless.
“Sam it’s done.” He said.
I’m so confused. First he made me leave before I had my final class, and now he’s telling me I’m done?
“What do you mean?”
Rees crossed his arms. “I gave the Council and Theodore my word that you’d follow the protocol that was given to you. But sadly, seeing your unbendable connection to Rebecca, I see that keeping you in class with her isn’t going to be possible”
“So what are you saying?” 
“Your classes are over until your LCP begins.” Rees said.
“Wh...”
“One other thing.” He interrupted as he took a step towards me. “There’s something else that I must tell you. This one, Thomas and I were already aware of. Rebecca… they found something strange in her, an abnormality,” he hesitated and drew breath. “Only Thomas can give you the information. If he chooses to do so.”
I turned away. “What are you… the Council trying to do?”
“Detachable attachment is what the Council ordains the Caretaker to do. As rare as it is to raise a boy, and or see a boy, Ms. Elizabeth William went far beyond her own boundaries as a Caretaker, forcing her ultimatum... she attached herself to you far too greatly… end result your lack of commitment to anything.” Rees explained
Detachable attachment… what a bunch of rubbish… what sort of commitment could he be speaking about without fully attaching myself to anything?
I sneered at him. “And your job”
“My job has nothing to do with this!” He said furious. “Sam, the sole purpose for detachable attachment is to not have to undergo your particular situation. Look at yourself, examine your feelings, because of feelings you’re destroying any form of reasoning to take place. Cut it off. Love, attachment: nothing you hear me, NOTHING, lasts forever. It withers away with each passing second.”
He’s right… he’s absolutely right. If I didn’t love Ms. William so much I wouldn’t feel like this, if I didn’t care for Rebecca so much I wouldn’t feel any of this, but then again… these emotions that I feel for them are what separate us from a stone… these emotions make us see things in a different perspective… these emotions make us who we are. 
I felt the moisture in my eyes build up. “How can things change so drastically in just a few hours?”
Rees’s stared at me with a grimace. “That’s what a Catalyst Reaction does. Immediate protocols dictated by the President himself. And I must abide by the rules. There isn’t any other way. As should you.” He took another step towards me. “If you don’t, then you’ll end up like Mr. Cove, Ms. Johnson, Amy, and Ms. Malcolm. Who all, in your course through these three years… have been removed indefinitely because of you.” He pulled his hands together and held them to his mouth. “Forgive for my forwardness… but there wasn’t an easy way to say any of that.”
I winced as my jaw dropped.
Amy… died because of me. I covered my face and cried.
“S-so it’s all over?”
“We wait for this year to end so you can move to your LCP.” Rees said.
All trace of warmness vanished from the Rees I met before. Replaced by this hollow shell of the man he once was. This is what the Council wants us to become… machines straying forth a forged objective. And now after all this time I begin to paint the picture. 
I sat in the corner of my room and stared at the envelope lying on my bed. I had so many emotions circulating my whole that the only relieve I found was to clutch my chest.
It burned so much. It hurt in a way that I couldn’t describe. My pain… this pain that was placed upon me… I’m alone… all by myself nestled in these four walls just like I was in the beginning… right back at the start of my steady stride through this so-called life… a prisoner to the Consolation Chamber.
Those same words continued to echo in my mind… Detachable attachment… it wouldn’t go away, no matter what I did. But a part of me believes what he said about love, about growing accustomed to someone, something… it doesn’t last forever, nothing does… and that’s where my pain came from, knowing that nothing will be the same again.
I wiped the tears from my eyes and rose. I took the envelope and turned it around to the secure, clay stamp, keeping the envelope’s content my own personal secret.
I tore the seal. Opened the envelope and pulled the sheet of paper.

⌘ L.C.P ⌘
Life Career Placement
Statement Information
Entrusted Council Overseer
ID: 00954668216
Congratulations: may your future shine bright as you take your first step to achieve academic greatness. After your third year of Educational Compromise we’ve set a Class: A, College Administration that’ll serve all your needs on course to become a great Council Overseer. 
Dear Sam,
You’ve been invited by the Higher Authority to take up an extraordinary position: Job Code: ECO
Four Year Program Title: Overseer
Information Pertaining Job: An Entrusted Council Overseer has access to all archives collected throughout the Historical Era of The Council’s Organization Periods. The Overseer’s job is to identify the situation, find newer and enhanced ways to achieve greatness by exposing a different perspective and redesigning old tactics. The Overseer also works hands-on with the Pre-President and Council Members to improve all aspects of life within the Preteritus Facility.  
Courses to be taken: 
Historical Debrief I, II, III
Exploration and Examination 
Research and Development
Scientific Idealism
The Rever Effect

We hope you’re pleased with the Council’s decision to your future.
Thank You
Sincerely
President: Claudius R. Roman
Pre President: Leonardo C. Sinclair


So this envelope I’ve had in my possession was my LCP document… my real LCP, not a classified piece of gibberish that they sent to replace the original one.
What would incline the Council do that? Could they have seen that Ms. William’s disloyalty? 
No, no, they couldn’t have, it wouldn’t make any sense if they’d known. If they knew something that outrageous why would they put her in my care?

That night another vision came to me…

“I see there’s a hindrance that strains you…”
Echoed the President’s voice.
I opened my eyes to a vast open ocean that’s sky was tainted by a perpetual haze of black clouds moving swift like the gusts of powerful wind, wafting against my body.
“Expressing pain isn’t a weakness Sam.” He said.
I locked my jaw.
Far into the ocean an enormous bolt of lightning flashed waking its earthshaking thunder.
I took a breath to relieve the aggravation plowing its teeth in me. I saw that my changing mood brought a smidgen of sunlight to cut through the withdrawing sheets of cloud cover.
“Relax Sam, there isn’t anything to fear.”
I turned to him and noticed his unperturbed posture sitting on a rock.
I chuckle and gaze into his eyes. “I know what the Council wishes of me.”
He rose. His silver mask reflected my blurred face and kindled with the heap of lightning in the sky.
“Were you absolutely positive it was the right time?”
My jaw dropped.
“Did you see no way to relieve the loss of Ms. Elizabeth William and Rebecca?”
Sorrow slipped throughout my body like a shot of insulin.
Rain fell.
He stepped closer to me. “Secrets that are unearthed aren’t secrets at all. Ceiled lips won't let the flies in.” He took another step to me, his silver mask but an arm's length from my own. “A moment’s compromise is a moment lost. Nothing can get that back”
“What are you getting at with your broken words”
His hand bashed against my face. I fell on my knee and caught my balance by grasping his loose robe. The cool bleached sands smeared with the taint of my blood as it drizzled down with the rain.
“Don’t speak. It’s almost over. Just wait for it. Because when it does, you’ll want to relive it all over again, all those precious moments are but an echo in a book that has a happy ending. And in this life there isn’t a happy ending Sam, no, not some inept unending cycle of contentment… full of love, memories, passionate moments, that doesn’t exist in reality. Feelings are only to be detachable; nothing can ever be made permanent... and nothing ever will be.” 
He yanked my hand away from his robe and drove me to the ground. “As you once said, love is a lavish rose that’s at full bloom, until its pedals begin to wilt and fall… and so does… l…o…v…e…”
I stood and broke away from him with as much a pace as I could procure. The rain whipped against my body with as much force as the wind’s batter. Ahead of me I saw the archway, could that really be my relief? Could this be the time where I finally take a step pass this apparatus that the President’s yearned about since I first met him?
Past the archway lie what questions sought…
My weighed legs couldn’t move any quicker… I strained, and strained, until finally I threw myself past the archway…
---
Chapter
39
Authenticity
---
A tremble quivered the dark space that embedded my sight…
A cold, searing wind blew against me without a sense of closure. It smoldered against my skin like hundreds of sharp whips from a lash. It all went quiet as the pain subsided. Cool droplets of water hit my body and my eyes finally creaked open.
Ahead of me, a long strip of land. The sky overhead swirled like an upside down vortex, showering the atmosphere with sheets of rain. In the center most of the vortex that was directed over me a dim rainbow stretched from one end to the other. 
I glanced down at my bare feet to notice vapors of heat rising from the ground as each drop hit the brown sands. 
I peered right, the ocean roared while waves crashed against the surface with a symbol-like clash. I turn to my left and see a calm ocean that’s waves remained but ripples caused by the rain.
I examined the area surrounding me and I didn’t see the archway anywhere. I broke into a sprint and hurried forward along this endless strip of beach that stretched far beyond my eyes could see.
Stop.
I stopped.
Listen.
Listen to what?
The ocean speaks.
That voice that spoke inside me I didn’t recognize.
You’re not supposed to recognize me.
Who are you then?
Listen.
I lent an ear and closed my eyes. I zoned away the rain and the crashing waves, and let the smooth nothingness elapse the sound with a steady stream of noiselessness.
I gasped as a hand clutched my shoulder.
“Relax. It’s me.”
It was him again, the President.
“Follow me.” He said.
He moved ahead of me.
I stood still. I wasn’t going to follow him. I felt an unbending hatred just stirring in me by just the sight of him. My fists coiled and jaw locked.
Detachable attachment, remove that hatred, and follow him.
How can I trust him… how can I accept what he’s done to me? No I refuse to follow.
A tremor rumbled the ground.
Forgiveness brings course to a different future. If you wish to see the whole of truth behind every mask, I’d suggest giving in just this once. Because in the end you won’t regret your decision. 
And when’s this end you’re referring to? Is there even an ending to this life?
That’s something you’ll have to figure out, because that ending is held in your very hands.
His words resonated inside the darkest corridors of my mind. I couldn’t turn away from my presumption… those words, his word: sit was Dr. Harris.
“Are you coming?” The President asked.
I glanced up at him and nodded. “Yes.”
“A moment’s compromise is a”
Moment lost.
“Moment lost.” I replied.
“Attachment is to be made”
Detachable.
“Detachable.” I cringed as those words slipped past my lips.
How can you approve of this? How can you live with yourself knowing what you’ve done?
Sometimes Sam, not knowing is probably best. There’s a reason for things. Do what he asks. And answer the questions as you see fit.
“Remember in that first vision of yours,” he paused as he faced the unstable sea. “What was it that he said about the archway?”
“Answers to the questions sought.”
How did he know about that nightmare-vision, whatever it was, how did he know of it?
“I’m amazed you remembered that.” The President said. He faced me, his eyes connecting to mine. “Ask him, ask him again.”
“What are you talking about?”
The President shook his head. “That voice in your head, ask him how I knew about your little vision and ask him his real name”
I knew you were lying to me. I knew you had another name, what is it huh, spit it out!
I’m Jake Hartman.
I gasped and then covered my mouth. 
Dr. Harris is Jake Hartman...
I couldn’t reveal my real name Sam, I had to pass by a dead man in order to remain incognito.
“Seeing the picture unfold yet? Everyone knew except you. Even your beloved Rebecca knew his name… but she knows how to keep her mouth shut, and now her mouth will permanently be shut”
Anger slit through my veins. I broke into a sprint and rammed in to him, grabbed his collar, and shoved him to my face. “What did you do to her?” I bellowed. “TELL ME!”
Sam this isn’t the proper course of action…
Shut up, leave me alone. Get out of my head! I know-I know my actions well on my own.
This isn’t the ending you want Sam.
I loosened my hold and took a step back. My ending… what about my ending?
Tragedy isn’t in your ending… that’s what I’m here for.
I turned away from the President and stared at the tranquil ocean.
“Your conscious is helping you see a bigger picture. I comfy that. Wasn’t expecting him to show any form of mercy towards me.”
Why do you care for me so much; what’s so special about me?
That is something I can’t tell you Sam.
More secrets, more, I groaned and shut my eyes.
Tell him, that forgiveness brings course to a new future.
“Forgiveness,” I paused. “Brings course to a new future.”
I heard him clap his hands.
“Indeed it does.”
“I have nothing more to say to you… just let me wake up please, please, I beg of you”
“No, I can’t do that. You are what I call Departed outwards to Authenticity. Examine your perimeter, what do you see?” The President said.
What does he mean by that?
I can’t tell you Sam.
You’re a big help.
Sam please, listen to him, do what he asks of you. You’re in his realm now, this isn’t some inept game, this is a reality inside a dream. Examine!
I already did
Then tell him what this place means to you.
I rolled my eyes. “To my left, an ocean that’s at peace, to my right”
“No, no, no,” as his knuckles made impact with one another, a spider-webbing array of lightning shimmered from the centermost of the vortex. 
“Detail is irrelevant. Detail, doesn’t matter, it’s the meaning that matters. What does this mean to you?” He pointed at me.
I gulped. “There’s…” I paused and felt this knot in my stomach, “There’s a time and place for everything… and I’m assuming since we’re in between the anger and the peace, it’s best to transverse through life with indifference.”
I hated myself for saying that… how could I say that, how could you let me?
Words without action are meaningless.
The President nodded. “Not the exact contexts I expected, but an interesting notion nonetheless. You have a strong mind… too bad your heart is too soft for apathy to plant its seed in your wits”
I snorted. “Uh ok, so what were you expecting me to say?”
“There are multiple answers for this location. But those answers are to be deciphered by others… but apathy, a very interesting word, tell me, what does that word mean?”
Once apathy’s seed begins to blossom all self-control is gone, once you take that step towards apathy all selflessness and humility is lost to the void that’s become of your blackened heart… Apathy is what destroyed everything, apathy is what made us what we are now, and if we headwind towards Apathy, then we’re dooming our existence…
The President chuckled. “He’s always had a different perspective to all my teachings. But MY teachings are what has me in my seat.” The President took a step towards the ocean at peace. “But I’m not built around apathy. No, I’m built around a different retrospect that has shaped MY own society.”
He’s just playing God
“NO!” The President bellowed, and as he did a roar of thunder shook the ground beneath our feet. “I’m doing what God couldn’t do. Recreate perfection through MY own eyes, and not his. God, yes I am a God, a real God, one that hasn’t allowed misfortunes to knock in every door, one who doesn’t allow famine, hatred, or war to cripple MY small piece of Eden.” 
He paused, his face facing the furious oceans. “Our time together has expired. I’ll see you soon, we’ll meet face to face, shake hands as friends, and you’ll be MY son.” He turned to me. “And as for Jake Hartman, don’t you worry, I’ll have your head mounted on my wall as soon as you’re found… so I’d suggest hiding while you still can.”

Wake up…
I heard.
Wake up Sam…
I wheezed. 
Sam…
I opened my eyes and stared into the eyes of Xavier Rees.
“Welcome back Sam.” Rees said.
“Get up Sam,” it was Thomas, “We’ve got a lot to do today and a short amount of time.”
I felt the accumulated grit in my eyes attempt to glue my eyes back shut. I glanced at the clock to see it was only eight in the morning… a lot to do, at this time?
“Take a shower, I’ll get breakfast ready.” Thomas said.
“Big day today Sam.” Rees said as he massaged my shoulder. “Come on, pucker up!” His sudden pat sent an irk down my spine that numbed my entire body and left me fending with a voiceless gasp.
“Your clothes are already in the bathroom Sam.” Thomas outstretched his hand towards me. “We’re in somewhat of a rush, so let’s get going as quickly as possible.”
My muscles felt as though they haven’t contracted in a long time. I could barely flex my arms up let alone grasp his hand with enough force. I grabbed his arm and felt the bones in my hand pop.
“I,” I croaked, my throat dry and scratchy, “I feel so weak.”
“You’ll be fine.” Thomas said as he gently pulled me off the bed.
I stepped on the floor and fell right back down on the bed. I tried again, and managed to balance myself with Thomas’s assistance to remain standing straight. My head felt light headed, and everything spun around.
Rees held the door open and Thomas helped me towards the bathroom. I staggered and limped; I could hardly feel my feet. I searched in my head, trying to find Jake Hartman, but nothing but darkness accompanied the dark space.
That event that occurred in my head… those words I heard, those feelings that burned inside my me, inside my heart w-were real. That had to be it, the section between the body and soul, that one area where it’s impossible to ascend to unless you’re somehow physically struck down with such a blow… but how could I have appeared there?
I know the President can enter people’s dreams, but taking it as far as that? What could all of this mean for me, what could it mean for the sake of everything?
An irk had my hand to my side and I collapsed on the floor. 
“S-Sam!” Thomas said.
I slapped Thomas’s hand away from me. “What-what’s been done to me?”
I felt the projected air from my lungs scratch my throat. The taste of blood had me coughing.
Thomas straightened and crossed his arms. He took a deep breath and sighed.
“We had to give you a H.A. 010 injection”
“A-and,” I coughed, “I’m supposed to know what that is?”
“Lets you rest unaltered for a prolonged amount of time.” Rees muttered from the doorway. He leaned against the frame, face emotionless eyes staring across the hallway.
Hibernation typed itself in my head. 
I hoped to hear from Jake in my mind, to somehow decipher this and give me an exact explanation… but I doubted I could hear him from outside that place in my head. How he could even communicate with me like that is still something I long to understand. But knowing he’s alive… even if he did lie about his name… gives me hope that I might see him again.
“Hibernation...” I murmured. I felt shocked and betrayed… I glared up at Thomas with moisture building up in my eyes. Turmoil radiated throughout my whole… a tear streaked down my cheek. 
“Yes…”
I sniffled and took a deep breath. “D-Do either of you know anything about dream alteration?” I peered at Thomas and then turned to Rees.
Neither made a sound.
“Dream alteration was,” Thomas hesitated. “Dr. Harrison Brown’s”
“No, not Harrison Brown, Dr. Jake Hartman.” I corrected.
He nodded, his eyes darted to Rees as he bit his lips.
“Jake Hartman wanted to revolutionize the way we teach… of course this little alteration system was given up long ago when he was exiled.”
Rees cleared his throat. “Do you think it’s appropriate to speak of this here and now? It’s his last day, we don’t want to ruin it by an investigation.”
Thomas shook his head. “Best to explain now. I’ll shut the Council up… secrecy with him doesn’t even matter anymore. He knows too much already.”
“Ok then, continue.” Rees said.
“This form of dream alteration was to teach while someone slept… they wanted to put children in a stasis hibernation until their thirteenth year. Dr. Jake Hartman thought that a child’s curiosity is the root of all evil, and by removing that indefinitely, portraying a better view of the horizon and keeping things simple and none hectic… his views we’re radical, taking things beyond proportions.”
Jake Hartman thought like this? Or was this some made-up gibberish? The way Dr. Jake Hartman spoke to me, the things he shared, would have never given me the hunch that he’s only done that to remove all traces of curiosity. But why am I curious? Why do I have those traits? Could he have regretted his past?
Could he be attempting to redeem himself?
“As time passed they altered the mind of a child instead of using this stasis field of hibernation. Pretty much removing all traces of self-thought and curiosity… you’ll learn the process soon enough, give it about a week”
I grimaced. “So that’s why everyone acts so…”
“Bland and monotonous.” Thomas said nodding. “It’s a sad, sad truth that burdens me… but there isn’t anything me or anyone can do about it. Beyond a certain age however the mind recuperates that lost inability and reprograms it inside its human host, pretty much normalizing the individual. Sometimes however it doesn’t work that way.”
Rees clapped his hands and sighed. “Ok, ok, guys enough, let's get things rolling so Sam can get out of this place and set foot into his new life.”
My new life?
“We’re going to go and shop for new clothes and stuff at the shopping district, so hop on to it, take a shower, and we’ll be on our way.” Rees said.
Thomas nodded. “Yeah. So please Sam, relax your curious mind ok… remember all those questions you asked, I promise you, I promise you… they will be answered.” Thomas said as he outstretched his hand. “Take my hand.”
My weariness had somewhat simmered away with my overzealous attitude of questioning them… and seeing how Thomas wasn’t too reluctant to answer my question.
I took his hand and as he lifted me I felt ever bone in my right hand pop. I groaned in discomfort with my hand flailing next to me in numbness.
“After you get out of the shower we’ll give you medication to relieve your ache Sam.” Rees said. 
“Ok.” I said and made my way to the bathroom.
I shut the door and pressed my back against it, my head arched down, and thoughts wondering about Ms. William and Rebecca. What happened to them? Will I ever… I cut that thought, smashed it away; because it hurt so much even trying to think that way. It pierced against my heart with such a force that I couldn’t hold my bawl.
Removing someone from my life… they’re better off killing them, that way I know that I won't see them again, that way I’d know that I won't ever have to worry about bumping into their new self. I locked my jaw. How could I say that? I slammed my head against the door.
I gasped and covered my mouth with my hands bit my lip to suppress my panic. What if they heard that?

Twenty-Five Minutes Later…
I flopped on through the hallway and made my way to the kitchen. Rees sat on Ms. William’s old chair reading her book and Thomas stood near the stove, back at me, so I couldn’t exactly see what he was doing: adding the final touches to my meal and medicine… no doubt about that.
I slumped on the chair and set my head on the dining table.
From the corner of my eye I caught Rees lowering the book, “Look he finally showed up.”
“Ha-ha,” I sneered and rolled my eyes, “Lovely.”
“In your absence I managed to read this entire Of Fear and Blood series… quite astounding. So did Ms. William tell you much about this book”
“No… but Thomas there sure did.” I said and then cleared my throat, “Does Soulless Wanderers ring a bell Thomas?”
“Sam please.” Thomas muttered. “Please quit acting so childish and obnoxious!” I heard him smack whatever he had in his hand against the counter. “I told you that because I couldn’t tell you the truth. You were thirteen years old, and recently released from the Consolation Chamber, you were too inept, and still are.”
“Give him the food so we can be on our way already.” Rees said. “I’ve heard my share of chatter from the two of you already.”
I closed my eyes. Rees was right… all I’ve done today was argue with Thomas. It’s time to throw in the white flag and follow whatever I have to be doing today.
I heard the plate slide over the table, “There’s breakfast, and your pain medication is next to it.” Thomas said.
The scent took me by surprise. My stomach growled. I lifted my head from the table and glanced down at the plate of disgusting look colorless goo that smelled so mouthwatering.
Thomas hurried over to the fridge and poked the small monitor.
In that second the lights flickered and then stabilized again. I glanced back down at the plate and the image shifted… eggs, bacon, and a biscuit. I glanced at Thomas.
He grinned and winked. The Power of Illusion, I read from his lips.
***
---
Chapter
40
The Rever Effect
---
The sight can cripple…
Yet its absolute beauty can send mystifying chills down the spine.
It’s been a while since I last caught sight of this vista… the edge of the world, the edge of forever. The remnants of what is left of Earth.
Vapors rise from the ground. Humidity moistens my skin and within seconds streaks of sweat trail down my brow. 
The sky outside the small hunch of atmosphere smolders in a red tint of natural gases exploding with fumes of expanding orange, red, and black clouds. It’s a constant storm, and the lightning that once shot in bursts of blue and white, are now red and black.
I fall on my knees and dig my hands into the rich soil
What is a Rever? 
A Rever is a small piece of unaltered atmosphere. The sky is seen in its natural blue color, the clouds the same tint of white… but precipitation is scarce, and rain is no longer considered rain at all.
The truth is science can’t define nature, because nature has a mind of its own... and I learned that the hard way.
I sigh. I can’t say any more. Answers to my own questions still leave me with a never-ending spree of more questions. All I can… I cringe and shake my head… all I can hope for is a steady conclusion to Thomas’s plan. My children and my life are in his hands now… I can only trust in him to protrude my vision.
***
---
Chapter
41
Expiration
---
I hurried ahead of Rees and Thomas…
I felt eager to get this day over with.
“You know Sam you shouldn’t be so antsy.” Rees said.
I stopped and launched a mean look at him. “You don’t know what I’m going through.”
“Sam, shush.” Thomas said. “Detachable attachment.” He clapped his hands. “Comprehend?”
I bit my tongue until I could taste the blood.
“I knew you would understand. Now continue. We’re already running late.” Thomas said as he glanced as his wristwatch.
I rolled my eyes and marched ahead.
“What’s happening today anyways?” I asked.
“Normally graduation, but you’ll do without one.” Thomas said.
“Graduation?”
“Yes.” Rees said.
“Pretty much, you’d be given some pointless piece of paper that’s suppose to make you feel special about yourself, then you’re taken to the transport that ships you to next facility.” Thomas said.
“Wait.” I stopped again, turned around and connected eyes with Thomas. “There’s more than one facility?”
Rees sighed, “Thomas, come on we’re already late”
“Doesn’t matter.” He told Rees. He faced me and showed me three fingers. “Three facilities and one bio-dome.”
Three facilities and one bio-dome… how big could this place be?
“Gargantuan is an understatement to the size of this instillation.” Thomas said.
“With your special case Sam… you’re more than likely going to be shown the bio-dome in your first studies.” Rees added. “You’ll be in awe.”
I didn’t wish to ask anymore. I turned around and continued down the walkway towards the shopping district.
Where could Ms. William and Rebecca have gone… what if they’re together right now? What if…
Ugh, again. I shook my head. Enough is enough. I can’t think about them any longer. They’re gone. I won’t ever see them again. Comprehend that? Can I just stop thinking about them?
I can't, I can't... the pain inside me doesn't want to cease. It's changing me, it's making me so, so callous... I don't even recognize myself anymore. How can I have changed in so little time?
I rubbed my forehead and felt the accumulated moisture. I felt really hot.
My jaw remained clenched, and I couldn’t stomach to close my eyes. Ms. William and Rebecca’s faces seemed to be engraved behind my eyelids like a blind spot stamped by the sun.
“Ms. William…” and as I said that tears descended down my cheeks.
Thomas embraced me. Though I hated it, I pressed my face against his cotton soft jacket.
“Relax Sam, everything will be ok.”
Rees groaned. “You know what, I’ll just meet you two at the Shuttle Station.”
“W-What’s going to happen to them?”
I couldn’t control myself. I couldn’t stop my crying. It burned so much, the emotions bashing against my soul, my heart, my whole body.
“Sam… it’s just how it works. And I’m so sorry it your time here ends this way.”
“Why, why... why, why?” I caressed him.
“It’s so hard to explain to a normal human being as yourself. But the very reason the Council erases emotion is because of this very thing. You’ve formed an attachment with Ms. William and Rebecca… and unfortunately, the only way to sever it is to remove them indefinitely from the equation.”
Anger had my eyes open: I shoved Thomas away.
Removed indefinitely... removed, erased... No.
“So they’re dead?” I asked.
“No they’re not dead.”
His answer did relieve some of the tension that gnawed against my whole... but it wasn't enough. I had to see their faces, I needed to see their faces at least one more time. I wanted to say my farewell, I wanted to hug them, kiss them, I wanted to tell them... that I loved them.
What will happen to me after this? I know what my LCP is, but what can I expect… only time will tell. Because now for a second time I was released, first, it was from my own isolation, a place where my body and soul were trapped from any and all contact, and now I stray away from a life I was finally getting accustomed to. 
Perhaps this is a way for the Council to sever any and all ties that might cause outcry. But then again, there I was, mourning in pity and regret. Detachable attachment, perhaps a feat I’ll have to master in order to progress through this life.

I stood next to Thomas, his hand on my shoulder, and my eyes staring at the duel rails.
***
---
The President
Chapter
42
Deliverance
---

I stared at this journal entry... 
I tapped and tapped my pencil and I still couldn’t comprehend the nature to this child’s unfathomable knowledge… he’s but a child, one processed in the exact same manner as the rest. Why is he so different?
Perfection is my longed goal and I’ve achieved well beyond what others have sought. I seek and I find. I create and I orchestrate. However some small hunch leaves me fearing this boy… yet I know his future and it lies in my own hands.
Dr. Jake Hartman’s journal is one dramatic piece of gibberish… heck I could even consider trying to make this into a story, but perhaps them not knowing his past is better.
I took Jake Hartman’s journal and flipped it to the back. Chicken scratch had illegible stuff written.
Solutions… are there any solutions is there any form of solution to recuperate after the effects left behind by the Time of Departure? The Council President doesn’t believe so.
Nothing can come of our little piece of Eden… perfection isn’t attainable when there are humans in the midst of it all… perfection can not be achieved when a human President lies to himself and tries to justify the means to perfection… it isn’t going anywhere, and it will slowly decay as all great things do… nothing lasts forever, and the Time of Departure taught us that.
The Earth is almost a lost remnant that’s consumed by forgotten memories that there were once civilizations, once great Nations… it’s all gone now, and even petty Revers can’t save anything anymore… not when a power hungry human reigns over his synthetic creations.
I re-envisioned the memories I stored in my memory pool, the memories of Earth before the Time of Departure… I envied every second of it. I sought a solution in my memories, but from my inept state when it occurred, I didn’t see a single hunch of elucidations. 
It hurts so much… to see my parents, to see my sister… their faces when the news hit, the pained reaction of knowing such a horrid truth. The times on Earth were over… and there wasn’t anything I could do to save it.
Thomas, I leave you with this, my last bit of knowledge, for the sake of everything… I trust in your kind as you trust me, and I hope you make my vision a reality.
Dr. Hartman thinks he knows me like the back of his hand. His assumptions lead him to believe this… I’m not what he thinks I am, but I can’t change his mind.
I coiled my fists and slammed them against this piece of rubbish. 
My train of thought simmered away as my door buzzed.
I sighed and straightened my glasses. “Come in.”
Dr. Leonardo Sinclair, my entrusted Pre-President, walked in. He bowed respectfully… something I truly wish he’d dismiss. I’m not a king, I’m no dictator, I’m but a man as he… yet he refuses and continues his aggravating gesture.
I took a deep breath, nodded, and forced a smile.
“Sir, we were informed by M. Thomas Fitzgerald and M. Fredrick Witherspoon that they’ve failed to attain the rampant Guardian. They’ve lost traces of his whereabouts again.”
I straightened my posture at this extraordinarily noosing news. So our little plan failed. After this is all over, and that beast is slain, I promise that I’m pulling a plug in this Myrmidon mess. I’ve had it up to my head with the sheer annoyance the Preteritus Facility has undergone since I approved the program.
“News from the body?”
His hesitation answered my question.
“Negative yet again?”
Sinclair sighed. “I apologize.”
I took a deep breath and popped my knuckles. “Apologizing doesn’t fix a thing.” I straightened my posture and crossed my arms. “Determination and exploit fixes problems. Now, let me hear your notions to deal with this problem accordingly.”
I tapped my pencil on my desk as the seconds turned to minutes and all manner of my patience slithered away.
“Perhaps we could have the remaining Myrmidons search unrelentingly?” Sinclair said.
I stood and walked to my cabinet where I fixed myself a glass of water. Unrelentingly: quite an understatement to what I’ve had to ask my fellow brethren to accommodate to.
There isn’t a word to describe my utter lament that’s wrought by the sheer amount of work I’ve been putting them through.
“Mr. Sinclair.” I took a sip of water and then set the glass on my table. “You do understand that our Council Officers, Myrmidons, and our friend Xavier Rees all have been in search of not solely the wandering corpse but the Guardian. Please, oh please try and be a bit more creative. We’ve got to do something else besides putting our men and civilians in peril.”
“President, s-sir, there isn’t much more we can do. Perhaps praying might be the best thing to do.”
I sat back on my desk and rubbed my temples. There wasn’t much I could say to him. He’s right. There isn’t much more we can do at this point. And I’m in a loss of words… a loss of ideas to mend the already broken situation. Quite atrocious of me.
“Send a message to the entire Council and inform them we’re meeting in the Congregational Facility in an hour. I’ll personally meet up with the Myrmidon commander.” I said.
He nodded and left immediately.
I sat and stared at the document I examined before I was rudely interrupted. I had to formulate a plan. I need concrete information that he is truly dead… but like a dead man, he’s a ghost, no body: nothing to completely close his file. Not even the cameras or the Seeker Warden were able to catch a glimpse of him. 
How’s that possible? How could we not have a single trace? The boy saw him, so did the girl, and the two Myrmidons on the scene that left him breathless. M. Thomas and M. John… neither of them found the body, yet they both saw the Guardian claw him down.
These events have holes plastered in every direction. The only thing that might decipher these holes might lie ahead during the LCP program. I’ll have to be vigilant, watch even my own brethren, because something doesn’t feel right in any of this.
I’ll also have to keep an eye on M. Thomas… perhaps he can lead me to this ghost.

Afterwards, there wasn't much I could do to isolate that simple thought in my mind. It came like the wind, as swiftly and intoxicating as whiff of fragrance from a beautiful woman.
M. Thomas, has been by the child's side for a long time. He seems to be more concerned with him than any other person in this facility. Even more than his caretaker that sadly is dead.
So getting information from her is no longer available. Then and there, one and only, so forth and time, through time and in time, and every other aspect of originality, other than perception, and assumption... I can only begin to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
***
---
Sam
Chapter
42
Classified
---
I followed Thomas down a long and narrow corridor. It was dim, awfully cold, and the only light visible were slits of sunlight cutting through the many thin streaks on the metal, concave ceiling.
It was quite the beautiful sight. But it still didn't hide the pain that continued to pester me, the emotional distraught that was left after the disheartened reality that bashed across my face.
Is it strange that I feel hatred?
It is strange that my feelings of warmth, the comforting aurora of contentment, was replaced by this gnawing aggravation that nibbled and nibbled on my sanity?
I wasn't myself anymore. I was someone else. The me that I remembered, the one who loved Ms. William, the one who spent so much time with Amy, who made memories with Rebecca... enjoyed each other's company, embraced... kissed... he's gone now.
I'm but a hollow shell of who I use to be. I'm nothing. I'm nothing without them.
And they're gone... erased from my life... like that one final page, missing from a book.
I felt a cold tear run down my cheek.
I quickly wiped my tear away before Thomas noticed and turned it into another lecture.
Detachable attachment... blah, blah, and more blah.
Rees was gone by now too. He left as soon as we reached this unnamed place. And I'm glad he did. I was getting so angry at him. 
"How much longer is this going to take?" I asked.
"We're going to the last concealed door. It shouldn't be too far now." Thomas replied, his voice cold and uninterested.
Not too soon afterwards, a door finally opened up.
A relief that made my heart skip a beat.
Oddly enough, as Thomas mentioned it was going to be the very last door, but regardless of his comment, there wasn't an end to the corridor that stood before us. The hallway continued on and on until it was lost with distance.
Thomas took a deep breath and faced me, "Take one last look down that corridor there Sam... it's the last time you'll see this place for a long time."
I felt an uneasiness wrap around my heart. A strange strain that I couldn't put a finger on... it was unnatural, supernatural... beyond captivating, it felt like an opposing force to the other positive emotions. What could it mean?
I rubbed my chest as a cool drop of sweat trickled down my brow.
So this is it. An ending to one thing and the beginning to something new.
What could this new be?
Will I miss the old?
Thomas took one step onto the elevator. He leaned against the back and crossed his arms.
"Sam, there've been times in my life when I questioned my very motives... what will they mold into? What conclusion will come to my tale... but it doesn't really matter in the end. You've still got your entire life ahead of you. Be sure to make it something grander than mine."
My eyebrows slumped at his words. One moment he's dead set on communicating the importance of keeping feelings in check: and then the next he's now explaining bits and pieces of his humanity.
Nodding, I took a step inside the elevator.
The door behind me slid shut.
"Thomas why does your mood change so much?"
Thomas slowly beamed a smile, "Sam I'm going to explain something to you."
Before he continued, I lifted my finger and shook my head.
"I've listened to so much in so little time Thomas. I don't know how much more I can handle... there's so much going on in my head, so many..."
"Feelings?" Thomas retorted.
I nodded.
"It's understandable Sam," Thomas's hand massaged my shoulder, "Sam please understand that I've always been here to help you. To see that your walk is as easy as possible. I've grown fond of you. You're like a son to me," he took a deep breath, "It pained me so much watching you go through what you did. It broke my heart, destroyed it... you didn't deserve what happened. Nothing that I can say can mend the damage that was done to you... but I hope that this little speech of mine gave you at least some form of consolation."
Something clicked in me. A feeling that I thought I lost after realizing I was now alone in this world... Thomas has been there with me through and through. He hasn't change, only I have.
And I now comprehend that.
"Thank you Thomas," I choked on my sob as my eyes started to water, "You don't know how that made me feel. It's like you healed my aching heart."
Thomas came over to me and hugged me, "Sam this new life that you're going to be introduced to will be much grander than anything you ever thought possible," he softly pushed me away and met my eyes, "You'll see Ms. William again, and Amy, and Rebecca. I promise you that."
The elevator doors closed and soon a ding had Thomas stepping back towards the opposite end.
"Please be patient and grab on to the rail. The elevator will soon depart."
Said a robotic voice.
Soon after I grabbed a hold of the silver railing, the elevator quivered.
"Next destination: the Ark."
I met Thomas's stare as his lips stringed to a smile, "You're going to love the Ark, Sam."

Moments Later...
As the double doors slowly opened, a warm light slit through the crack as it consumed me with such brightness that I was lost to the radiance.
"Prepare yourself to be wowed Sam, this will be the greatest thing you'll ever see 

The double doors begun to slowly open allowing a bright streak of light to slit through and blind me. Moments later the bright light gave out warmth; one so soothing, like being snug beneath a comforter.
I still couldn't see a thing. The brightness was so overpowering that it looked like the entire door was one gargantuan stream of light.
I felt Thomas clutch my shoulder, "Allow your eyes time to adjust, Sam. This is real sunlight." Thomas said.
Real sunlight....
Not too long after he said that, my eyes started to adjust to the brightness.
Green, so much, green enveloped my sight... it was like some work of art started to paint itself before me. It started with the grass, prickling up and swaying gently with the pristine breeze that made its way inside the elevator.
The smell was different, so different, I couldn't even begin to describe its genuine uniqueness.
After the grass came to view, a gravel path leading to a forest-like area that with its shadow and grand-scale, swallowed the path whole.
"Welcome to the Ark. Your new future begins here, Sam. Go on, take a step into this new reality." Thomas said.
I took a step on the gravel, allowing the small pebble-sized rocks to grind beneath the sole of my shoes.
"Now Sam, this is a new chapter to your life. A new beginning. You'll love it." Thomas said.
I chuckled, "I-I hope I do." I replied.
"Hope is for unconfident. You're not that kind Sam."
For hope? I recall the conversation I had with Ms. William... oh so it feels so long ago. What is hope? An intangible unreality, something that isn't really there: an invisible object held by the frail in order to cling on to their lives.
Or at least that's what I got from the conversation.
And here and now, at the final closing page of my past life, that word comes back. Hope. Should I accept hope? Embrace it, because regardless of how abstract it is to some people, if you believe, and have faith, anything and all can be possible.
Does that mean that I believe in hope? More than likely. Because if we don't have anything to cling onto, if we have nothing to look forward to, if there's no reason to love again, than what's the point of living?
Don't know where to begin. The words that come forth my mind are sometimes undecipherable: but if you look harder, think about it just a tad bit longer, you'll understand that there's truth there.
Because truth can be put into anything.
Yet again, what if you can't understand it. Than my words have failed, then these itty-bitty letters coming forth from my mind is nothing more than a memory that you might never recall.
--
Closing Thoughts
--
Thank you for taking the time to read this eBook. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
--
As always, tell your friends and family about it.
Thank You
--
E. G. Roman
