


The New Drak'Nat


by Beth Chaisson


copyright April 2022 Beth Chaisson
edited by Beth Chaisson & ProWritingAid


All rights reserved.  No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any mean (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, magazine, or journal.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

And shocking!

Smashwords Edition. License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Epilogue

About the Author

Acknowledgments


Prologue

With the help of Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and Euit’Lant Ponré’dalr, the gravitational bubble was a success. Pak’Nat Hothshka and the other ship Pak’Nats discovered a way to merge the gravitational bubble from one ship’s bubble to one giant bubble around the glide. This allowed them to maneuver the glide successfully black hole to the other side of the white hole. The entire Drak’tdon Glide survived the trip with no injuries or side effects reported, not even an upset stomach or dizzy spell. Once the glide was through the white hole, the examiners of the glide destroyed the bubble.
Fortunately, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé had given the coordinates of the new home planet to all Pak’Nat’s in the glide. But in its place, they discovered a solar system with thirteen planets.
When the drak’tdon left their planet, they theorized it would take a few generations to get to the new planet. With the discovery of the new solar system, they were more confident the next generation might see the new homeworld. No one knew what they would find on the planets within the solar system, but their aim was to handle whatever would come up with enthusiasm. Everyone was optimistic about the glide, and hoping to find a new home.


Chapter 1

The Pak’Nat drak’tdon marched down the hallway of the At’lats ship as he made his way to the bridge. The light danced along the feathered serpent’s brass scales with the many shades of yellow feathers surrounding his head. This feathered serpent was Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, and his reddish eyes scanned the area as he made his way to his destination. His body was over eighteen and three-quarter meters tall. At the moment, a person couldn’t see any form of movement or sway along the lengthy body. His body was over forty-nine and a quarter meters long and almost straight. As he walked through the hallway, there was a rigidness to his movements. He did not seem too happy. He had been edgy for a while. Once he was on the bridge, he turned to his Nam’Mok’nan, Vi’nek.
“Hello, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Is there anything to report during my absence?”
The reddish male wing, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, wasted no time as he immediately stood at attention.
“No, sir, nothing happened while you were off the bridge.” His blood-red eyes followed his commanding of’fire, waiting for orders. The bridge lights danced off the male wing’s auburn scales. He had polished his scales in pristine condition, as was the military decree.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could not help but close his eyes as he attempted to slow his breathing to calm down.
“Let me guess, no luck in finding the planet we’re looking for to be our new home.” He considered himself to be a half optimist and half realist type of person, so he was preparing himself for some sort of negative answer.
The pilot of the At’lats ship, Euit’Lant Thoy’ord, began reading the data at the ship’s helm.
“The only thing the computer has detected so far is some rocks with bits of ice in it, along with some alien stars our computer doesn’t recognize.” Thoy’ord was a crystal opal scaled female wing. She had to look through the data readout before giving the report to Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, “My apology for speaking out of turn, sir.” Her pearl eyes looked up at the of’fire in charge.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek turned toward the ship’s pilot as he nodded.
“Apology accepted.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had been watching his crew across the bridge.
“Does anyone know anything about the space-rocks? Has anyone considered trying to map a way through them yet?”
This time it was Euit’Lant Thoy’ord who double-checked the data in front of her at the ship’s helm before she said anything to her commanding of’fire of what she was seeing.
“These readings make the space-rocks seem almost endless in all directions; up, down, left, and right.” Everyone on the bridge could not help but notice the awe Euit’Lant Thoy’ord wore on her face.
Hearing the information made Pak’Nat Hlbeetn stop for a moment. Science never was his best subject when he was in school.
“Someone correct me if I’m wrong, but doesn’t space-rocks have their own gravitational pull on each other?” He thought aloud.
Everyone on the bridge glanced at each other. No one wanted to answer the Pak’Nat’s question if they could not answer his question.
“If I remember correctly, it was Examiner Ul’Koip-mé who helped the glide go through the black hole. He was also the person who found the distant planet we might call home. Do we know of his whereabouts?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ignored the silence on the bridge as he ask his other question.
This time it was the female hair serpent, Security Leader Yilnarm, who found the Examiner after a brief computer search.
“Sir, at the moment, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé is at Fort Hothshka. According to my reading, he’s currently a teacher there.” Her silver eyes read the monitor as rapidly as possible. Her white hair gently laid on her neck with the silver-white tungsten scales along her body.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not waste any time. I hope my idea works.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, I’m leaving you in charge of the bridge.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek’s auburn scaled body immediately stood at attention.
“Yes, sir.” His blood-red eyes were already facing forward as he stood towards his Pak’Nat.
“Thank you.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn spoke briefly to his second-in-command before he left the bridge to look for one of the few people with the ability to help them at the moment.
~   ~   ~   ~
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s mind had been racing as he made his way to Fort Hothshka, which was on the At’lats ship. He only knew of the Examiner through history classes and stories his dad told him. So he knew how smart the examiner was from youngling stories. This made Hlbeetn work harder in trying to figure out how to explain the situation to the old examiner.
While his mind continued working, Hlbeetn went to the wall computer to see a map of Fort Hothshka. He had not been at the education facility in a long time, hence the reason for the use of the wall computer. When he finally made his way to the Fort, which was in the center of the ship, he entered the lecture hall. He stayed at the back of the cave as he watched Examiner Ul’Koip-mé speak do his class about the Cosmos Universe and how it became a part of their history. After class was over, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn approached the retired examiner.
“Hello, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. Do you have a moment to talk?”
The examiner turned toward the voice he heard calling to him to see the Pak’Nat of the At’lats ship.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, please come in. What’s on your mind?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn sauntered towards the elderly lapis mix breed serpent. He was using the time to find the right words to explain what the ship’s bridge found.
“Thank you, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. I appreciate it. We’ve come across a group of space-rocks with what seem to have ice within the rocks. So far, the perimeter of these space-rocks seems to go on forever in every direction. Any way you can help us, I would appreciate it.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé thought over Hlbeetn’s words as he collected his things for work.
“Okay, you have me curious. I’ve heard of such a thing, space-rocks with ice embedded within it. But I’ve never seen pictures of one. For this problem, we need to go to the Power Cave.”
As one person, the two of them left Fort Hothshka as they made their way to the Power Cave.
“Examiner, I appreciate your help. I have faith you can guide us through the wall of space-rocks and get to the planet that is to be our new home planet.”
A smile crept up on the Examiner’s face.
“I’m flattered you have such faith in me and my abilities. In this situation, I’m sure the wall is not impenetrable. We just need to find a crack in the ‘wall’ so we can pass through to the other side.”
“I hope you find a crack that is large enough for the whole glide to fly through the wall.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn began wondering if he should create a back-up plan just to be safe for everyone in the glide.
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s nod was automatic while his mind was on everything he heard from Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Believe it or not, I can feel the weight you carry, being in charge of the lead ship of the whole glide. But know this, Divine One willing, with a bit of patience, we will find our way through the wall.”
A small grin appeared upon Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. It was the first one that morning.
“Thank you for your words, examiner. I appreciate them a lot. I’ll feel better once the glide has reached the other side of this wall, safe and sound.” Even with Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s help, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn still could not stop worrying about the safety of the glide.
It was then he heard a chuckle coming from the examiner.
“I’m glad to help. My current theory is to see if we can find a wider part of the space-rock wall for the glide to maneuver through; it may help us get to the new planet.”
Hlbeetn sent a silent prayer to the Divine One that Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was right with his theory. No one had not made a backup plan yet, mainly because of their lack of information. He knew he had to go to the Meeting Hall of Contention to make a request for the glide to fly through the wall, with nothing to give the Regent Leaders for information.
How did dad handle this type of stress when he was Pak’Nat of the ship?
It did not take long for them to make their way to the Power Cave. When they got there, retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé immediately went to work as he hurried to a computer station so he could study the space-rock wall.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, according to these readings, the thinnest part of the wall is approximately one to two thousandth of a light-year to pass through. From what I can read, it seems extremely dense. The thickest part of the wall is approximately nine-ten thousandth of a light-year to pass through. Right now, the computer is showing the rocks in the wall seems to be about the size of smaller planets.” The retired examiner continued reading the information to make sure everything he read seemed correct.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was in awe as he watched the examiner. So many younglings grew up hearing stories about his intelligence,
“Let me guess, you haven’t found the crack yet?”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was looking at multiple screens at the moment, so he could read all the data.
“I’m sorry, but not yet. I’m going to keep looking over here and let you know of any news as soon as I find a way through it.”
A grin crept over Hlbeetn’s face as he nodded.
“Thank you, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, for everything you’re doing for us. I know I don’t need to tell you this, but once you find a way through... contact me. Please be well.” The Pak’Nat of the At’lats turned around and left the Power Cave, and strolled toward the bridge. It was while he was in the hallway that he saw an old ally he had not seen in a while. It was the Regent Leader of At’lats,
“Hello, Regent Leader of At’lats. How are you?”
She was a beautiful hair serpent with black moonstone scales, blue-black hair along her back, and piercing blue eyes.
“I am well. Thank you for asking. Ever since the military arrested the former Regent Leader of At’lats, Sho-al-sé, I’ve been busy working hard on cleaning up his mess. I must admit I’m curious. Why are you on the opposite side of the ship from the bridge?”
“I just came from the Power Cave with retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. There is a space-rock wall we’re trying to figure out how to pass through safely so we can find New Drak’Nat.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats continued to nod as she listened to Hlbeetn explain the glide’s situation. Every word Hlbeetn said, she absorbed.
“I’m aware of the problem with the space-rock wall. What’s happening so far in attempting to find a way through to the other side?”
“So far, it seems some parts of the wall are wider than other parts, which are much thinner and denser... like I said, so far. We’re hoping once we’re able to find a way through that New Drak’Nat may be on the other side... somewhere. Examiner Ul’Koip-mé is working on a theory right now, but we have nothing definite yet.”
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was the person who found the distant planet we believe to be New Drak’Nat, and he is one of two people who figured out a way through the black hole. If anyone can figure out a way through the space-rock wall, it will be him.” The confidence the Regent Leader of At’lats felt for the retired examiner rang clear in her voice.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could not help but nod.
“I agree. I just hope everyone on the glide will stay calm until we pass through the wall. My apologies for cutting our conversation, but I have to leave. Please be well.” With that said, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn continued his walk to the bridge. As soon as he stepped onto the bridge floor, he addressed his second in command, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, “Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, I’m in charge of the bridge.”
“Yes, sir,” Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek stood at attention as he listened to his Pak’Nat’s orders.
“The glide will come to a full stop until we can find a safe passage through the space-rock wall.”
“Understood, sir.” Immediately, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek started giving orders to make sure everyone followed Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s instructions.
Security Leader Yilnarm had been monitoring all the activity on the ship when she paused for a moment from her work.
“Sir, as of now, do you know of any foreseeable problems developing?”
When everyone heard the question, the entire bridge went silent as everyone turned to listen for the answer. This was not the first time Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was the center of attention. He looked at it as a part of his job.
“As of right now, what we know is one part of the wall is vast, another part is too thin and dense. The examiner, looking into the space-rock wall, hasn’t found the opening needed for the glide to navigate through. That is what we’re waiting for right now.”
The Security Leader nodded,
“Yes, sir, I’ll monitor the At’lats for any sign of trouble just in case word should get out about the situation.”
“Thank you, Security Leader Yilnarm, and could you please monitor the space around the ship as well until we have the results?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was already making plans just in case when someone found a way through... he hoped.
~   ~     ~   ~   ~
Finally, it was the end of the day, and Hlbeetn was making his way towards his personal cavern. His mind was still on the space-rock wall problem as he passed civilians who greeted him and asked him about his father, Hothshka. When Hlbeetn finally got home, he collapsed on his divan and relaxed for a moment before he contacted his dad.
Hothshka immediately appeared on the screen. The red eyes of the aging, auburn wing drak’tdon lit up as he greeted his son. Like all wings, he did not have any feathers or hair on his one hundred forty-six-year-old body. Over time, he had grown to fifty-six and thirty-eight meters in height and thirty-eight and one-tenth meters long. He retired in the same cave Hlbeetn grew up in and where Hothshka adopted him.
“Young Hlbeetn, you look good. How are you doing?”
Hlbeetn shuffled a bit at the sound of his old nickname from his years as a youngling,
“I’m fine, Dad, thanks for asking. I know, from time to time, you like to still know what’s going on within the ship. So I wanted to let you know retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé is helping us find a path through some rock and ice which makes up a wall we’ve found.” Hlbeetn never bothered to mention to his dad the pressure he felt to finish what his dad started in helping the glide reach New Drak’Nat.
Hothshka was heard chuckling from his son’s words.
“Of course, there’s a problem. There would be a problem if our travel went too smoothly. But I’m guessing the space-rock and ice wall isn’t the real reason for this call, so what is the reason you contacted me?”
A long breath escaped Hlbeetn. His dad always was good at reading him,
“You’re right, dad, that wasn’t the reason. The reason I’m contacting you is that I’m worried about the civilians and what might happen should they find out about the space-rock wall. I know I don’t need to tell you they somehow learn of these things themselves. We both know we don’t need a mob to start on the ship.”
“So, what are you asking?”
“How did you handle the civilians when they panicked on the At’lats?”
“When I told the Regent Leaders of my meat portions idea, word immediately got out to the entire glide. My advice to you with the civilians, be calm. Don’t use military tactics on them, that scares civvies. One of the toughest parts of trying to communicate with them is the attempt to see the situation from their point of view. Even if you disagree, try to understand them. That won’t be easy since you grew up in a military life. Also, and I know you already know this, you will need friends to help you with whatever happens. As many as possible.”
While Hlbeetn listened to his dad, he slowly began feeling a little-bit better from his dad’s words,
“Thanks, dad, that helped. By the way, how is Uncle Bentleth doing lately? Have you heard from him?”
Hothshka could not stop the smile that appeared on his face. He knew what his son was doing because he had done the same thing when he was Pak’Nat,
“Bentleth is doing well. Last I spoke with him, he was debating on either retiring or get promoted to Reg’nal Adr’e, which would finally rank him above me.”
This time it was Hlbeetn who ended up wearing a grin on his face.
“You two always had that going on between the two of you. Who could outrank the other the quickest? Why? Was it some sort of competition?”
“Yes, you could call it a brotherly competition. It was something we did for fun that went back all the way to when we both joined the military.”
“Where did the two of you get the idea of the competition?”
It took a moment for Hothshka to think back to before the planetary evacuation.
“Believe it or not, the answer is simple. It was for fun. Your uncle and I were both the same age when we joined the military, myself in the Airborne Til’yiba, and your uncle in the Arksba. We both wanted to see who could reach what rank the quickest, and we were competitive about it, too. When our people moved to space, the Drak’Nat military created the Wex’der Pin’al’ess, making the competition simpler for us. My foster parents, your grandparents, were keeping a record of who reached what rank the quickest until we left Drak’Nat.” While he strolled through the memory, a smile appeared.
“Dad, do you have those records?”
Hothshka needed a moment to give serious consideration to his son’s question.
“Last I heard, your uncle has those records from our home planet. I was extremely busy working on the speech I was going to give to the Regent Leaders and military in the original Meeting Hall of Contention on our home planet of Drak’Nat. I couldn’t collect any belongings from home. So Bentleth did it for both of us.”
“Back to the At’lats civilians, dad, a lot of them have been asking me about you. They want to know how you’re doing. What do you want me to tell them?”
Hlbeetn was not sure if he heard a snort or a huff escape his dad before Hothshka gave his answer.
“Tell them I’m alive, which is the truth. I did nothing special. Everything we did was as a group, from the evacuation of the planet, the illegal meat market, even going through the black hole.”
A chuckle escaped Hlbeetn, despite himself,
“Dad, ever since I was a youngling, you’ve told me this story more than once while I was growing up. That’s why I’m trying to do my job similarly.”
Another humph escaped Hothshka,
“You have much more of a military personality than myself now. I used to be like you before we left Drak’Nat. Then everything had to change... including myself for the sake of the civilians. You are Pak’Nat now, Hlbeetn, not just of the At’lats military but also its civilians. You must handle them differently than you do the military personnel. They will look up to you when things get tough.”
Hlbeetn nodded as he soaked in his dad’s words.
“Thanks, dad. I remember the stories you told me when I was growing up, but it still helps to hear some of them again.” Hlbeetn could not help but notice what time it was on his dad’s computer. “I’m sorry, but I have to get back to work. Please tell Uncle Bentleth I said hi, and dad both of you… be well.”
A chuckle escaped the proud father.
“I will, young Hlbeetn, and you be well too.”
Both father and son ended the transmission together. Hlbeetn left his personal cavern and entered the hallway. It was at that moment Pak’Nat Hlbeetn remembered he needed to contact the Power Cave and retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. Hlbeetn quickly turned to the wall computer to reach the Examiner. When the Examiner’s face appeared on-screen, Hlbeetn did not waste any time.
“Hello, Examiner, were you able to find a way through the space-rock wall?” Hlbeetn began preparing himself for anything.
“If you want safe passage through, then no. I haven’t found such a passage-way yet. All I know so far from the analysis is there are about thirteen planets or more past the wall. Some are too small for us, some are giants, and a few seem to be roughly the size of Drak’Nat... from what I can tell from the computer readings.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had to force himself to swallow down a growl he felt. The two drak’tdons were thinking of two very different things.
“What do you know so far about these planets? Do you think you’ll be able to figure out which one will be New Drak’Nat?”
The examiner had to give himself a moment to understand what the Pak’Nat was asking.
“Some planets seem to be too small for us. I won’t look at them for obvious reasons. The other planets closest to their star in the center of the solar system seem promising. I counted about eight planets.”
One step at a time, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn told himself as he took a slow and steady breath, one step,
“I understand. I’m contacting you to find out two things. Have you found a way through the space-rock wall, and do you think you’ll be able to figure out which of the eight planets you mentioned will be New Drak’Nat?”
It took Examiner Ul’Koip-mé a moment to get his thoughts together.
“Currently, I’m looking for a way through the space-rock wall. While I’m doing that, I have the computer collecting whatever data on the eight planets it can get from this distance. Once we’re through the wall, I’ll be looking over the data to see what each planet offers. After that, we should have enough data to decide which one might be our home planet. Though that multi-color planet I mentioned earlier seems promising.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had gone silent for a moment, going through what the examiner told him.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, I have an idea. Tell me what you think. We find the widest part of the space-rock wall since I’m guessing it won’t be as dense with space rock. We spread the entire glide out so it can fly through to the other side of the wall.”
It took Examiner Ul’Koip-mé a moment as he thought about Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s idea.
“It’s theoretically possible. All the pilots controlling the ships must be extremely good in order to dodge the space-rocks until the glide reaches the other side of the wall. Keep in mind this is only in theory, execution is very different. Nothing is definite.”
That’s when an idea hit Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, I need to go to the Meeting Hall of Contention. So please, be well.” Hlbeetn quickly ended the transmission and bolted to the Meeting Hall of Contention, which fortunately was still on the At’lats. “I’m not permitted to make these types of glide decisions on my own.”
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
When Pak’Nat Hlbeetn finally reached the Meeting Hall of Contention, there were two Entrance Protectors at the Hall door.
“Hello, Entrance Protectors, I request entrance into the Hall, please.”
The two Entrance Protectors observed Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, the same way as they did for everyone else. The female wing’s scales were unique, color exchange sapphire; and the male hair serpent had iron scales with silver hair running along his neck. It was the female wing who broke the silence.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, what brings you to the Meeting Hall of Contention?”
“There is a space-rock wall between us and the planets of this solar system. I’m here to tell the Hall a theory we have to fly through the widest part of the wall. Do I have the Entrance Protector’s permission to enter the Meeting Hall of Contention?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was doing everything he could not to snap at them for doing their job. Despite that, he was eager to enter the Hall.
The two Entrance Protectors lowered their voice down to a whisper so they could discuss the topic in private. One already had their own decision about allowing Hlbeetn in the Hall, but wanted to make sure they made a group decision. It did not take long for the both of them to decide on whether to let Pak’Nat Hlbeetn enter the Meeting Hall of Contention or not.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, you are welcome to enter the Meeting Hall of Contention.” It was the male hair serpent Entrance Protector who gave Pak’Nat Hlbeetn their decision.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not waste any time,
“Thank you,” he rushed into the Meeting Hall of Contention. Inside the Hall, there were seventeen Regent Leaders and the head military personnel. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn found a smile crossing his face when he saw his Uncle Bentleth, whom others knew him as Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth, “Uncle Bentleth, it’s good to see you.”
Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth turned when he heard a familiar voice.
“Ah, nephew, how are you doing? You look like you’re doing well.”
“Yes, uncle, I am...so far—no problems in my personal life. The reason I’m here is of a few professional problems. First, we need to get through a space-rock wall. Right now, we have an idea that might get us to the other side. The other thing we’ve found is thirteen planets on the other side of the wall, in its own solar system. As you know, I need to speak to the Regent Leaders about everything I’ve told you.” Hlbeetn continued to look around the cave to try to identify the multitude of voices he kept hearing in the background. “Uncle, why are all seventeen Regent Leaders in the Hall today? Such a thing rarely ever happens.”
Hlbeetn’s Uncle Bentleth straightened his long-haired serpentine body... if just slightly.
“Listener Sdon’çhy’ré is explaining to everyone of a new type of fear that seems to have taken over a few of the drak’tdons in the glide. She calls it Advenagermenophobia... fear of alien germs. Something about people with this phobia doesn’t seem to fear germs from drak’tdon culture, but they do fear germs from alien planets and the unknown.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s gaze immediately traveled to the Listener as his uncle spoke.
“I wonder if the people with this Advenagermenophobia will be any trouble if or when we find a planet for us to call home.” Hlbeetn wasn’t aware he had spoken his thoughts out loud until the Hall went silent. All the heads of everyone there turned towards him to let him know they heard everything he said.
The Entrance Announcer hadn’t mentioned Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s entrance into the Hall yet. So no one knew he was there conversing with his uncle. It was the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l who ended up being the person to break the silence,
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, now what brings you to the Meeting Hall of Contention? Are you following your father’s history and entering the Hall unscheduled?”
The Pak’Nat of the At’lats took a step towards the Regent Leaders and the rest of the people in the Hall.
“I know what I’m doing isn’t normal. What little information I’m bringing with me I received today. I wanted to bring these details to the Hall as quickly as possible so everyone in the Hall could decide for the rest of the glide.” That’s when he turned his attention to the Listener, “Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, do you believe the people with advenagermenophobia may become dangerous?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had to clear her throat so she could make sure everyone could hear her clearly within the crowd.
“In my professional opinion, all but one person with advenagermenophobia is safe. The one person I mentioned is currently being sent to the At’lats ship and needs more secure observation because his phobia seems to be more advanced.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn listened closely to the listener while she explained herself. He could not help but hope the ‘dangerous’ person with advenagermenophobia would not be a problem. He had to wait for Listener Sdon’çhy’ré to finish her time on the podium. After she left, Hothshka took the pulpit. When he did, he looked over at everyone in the Hall.
“Hello to everyone within the Meeting Hall of Contention. The reason I’m here is, so all of you may know about the space-rock wall in front of us. All we know so far is the wall is larger than the glide itself, so our current theory is the glide will have to fly through the wall. Before any of you make a decision, please allow me to explain there is a danger to the glide ships. Many of the rocks may bombard the glide ships as we fly through the wall. At the moment, we have only theories about how to pass through the wall safely. But no definite answers about getting through to the other side of the wall unscathed.”
The Regent Leader of Al’haav’l had been listening silently the entire time. When he finally spoke, he broke the stillness which had taken over the Hall.
“Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, what do you believe would be the reaction of your patients with advenagermenophobia should the glide go through the wall?”
The listener did not answer immediately. She gave herself a moment to think about the question.
“I believe as long as the trip goes smoothly and the phobia people don’t know what is happening, there shouldn’t be a problem... in theory. I’ve already been working with them to get past their advenagermenophobia slowly. In theory, we shouldn’t have to worry about anything from them until we find the new planet. The reason I say this is that at least one of them may or may not be open to the idea of leaving the glide, not even once we get to the planet.”
Everyone in the Hall looked at each another as they tried to process everything they heard.
“Well, does anyone have a question to ask or something to say?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked out at everyone in the Hall.
An unseen voice broke through the crowd.
“I want to hear more about the planet we might call home.”
Let’s finish this so I can get back to the bridge. The thought flashed through Hlbeetn’s mind before he said anything.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was the person who collected what limited information we have on all the planets so far. Right now, we have limited information on all thirteen planets in this new solar system so far. Because of the limited information, neither I nor the examiner has the information to answer your question. The goal right now is to find out which of these planets will support everyone in the whole glide. As you all know, the Hall needs to vote on if we’ll go through the space-rock wall. Let’s focus on that. Then later, after we’ve studied all the planets, can we talk about New Drak’Nat.” As soon as he finished his speech, he left the podium to see Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, “Hello listener, it’s nice seeing you again.”
The milky quartz hair serpent turned to see who spoke to her,
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, hello, I must admit it was a surprise to see you in the Hall today.”
“I remember the first time you and I met. It was when I hatched. You were one of the first people I saw out of my egg. Last I saw you since then was when I was a Nam’Mok’nan. Now I hear you talk about this Advenagermenophobia. I’ve never heard of it before today. Is it new to our people?”
The hair along Listener Sdon’çhy’ré’s back had been calm to that point. Hearing Hlbeetn’s question made the hair along the listener’s back jump, somewhat.
“Yes, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, Advenagermenophobia is new to our people, primarily in the younger generation, since they had no experience with nature. Nor do they know the feel of soft grass or dirt under their claws. They have only seen pictures of Drak’Nat, so they don’t know what to do or think about how to live on another planet. For some of them, the idea seems to terrify them because of the alien germs found... our science doesn’t have all the answers to help us fight it yet. They prefer what they know, and that is the Drak’Nat germs on the ships.”
Hlbeetn had been paying close attention to the listener’s words. He was trying hard to understand what she was telling him.
“Well, no one wants to get sick, especially from an unknown alien virus.”
“Hlbeetn, you don’t understand; Advenagermenophobia is completely different because dealing with it as a phobia differs somewhat from most phobias. If someone suspected either of us of an alien infection, they would put us under quarantine, and while attempting to find a cure, the healers would watch what happens to the infected person. The person with advenagermenophobia won’t lay quietly in quarantine. So far, we’ve seen their reaction to be shaking, heart palpitations, crying, panic attacks, and nausea, from what I’ve seen so far. That reminds me, do you plan to have anyone go to the new planet for any type of exploratory study?”
It took Pak’Nat Hlbeetn a moment to remember the procedures he was considering for the group, eventually.
“We haven’t made a procedure yet. We have other things we need to focus on before considering going to the ground of a new planet for study. I would imagine once we’ve found a potential new home planet, we’ll have the flying and land robots to examine it. Then, once the examiner or his assistant has labeled the planet safe, we’ll eventually need pilots to fly our science teams down to the planet for more serious study. Why do you ask?”
“I ask because of one particular patient. I’m worried about his reaction should he meet with any people who visit the new planet. He may get violent. How violent I don’t know yet. That’s why I’m moving him to the At’lats, so I can watch him more closely. He’s smart and emotionally unstable.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn gave himself a moment to think about what Listener Sdon’çhy’ré’s said, but being on the podium, he knew he did not have long.
“In your professional opinion, will this patient be a problem to control in the future?”
It took Listener Sdon’çhy’ré a moment to think about the answer to his question, or at least come up with an answer at all.
“I’m not sure. Like I said, he’s being brought to the At’lats for better observation to better control him and help him with his phobia.”
While the two drak’tdon spoke to one another, they heard stray voices in the background as the votes were being counted. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn used that moment to make a last plea to Listener Sdon’çhy’ré,
“I’d like to make a request to you, and you have every right to say no. If you have any problems with your phobia patients, please notify me.”
She didn’t say anything for a moment, but eventually, she nodded.
“Alright, I’ll consider it as long as it’s about one particular patient. I won’t betray the entire group.”
“I can respect that, listener,” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn quickly notice movement out of the corner of his eyes and glanced around to see what was happening.
“Thank you.” Listener Sdon’çhy’ré followed Hlbeetn’s gaze to see what was happening. It was the Entrance Announcer. The black scaled hair serpent female was about to report the Hall vote results.
“Attention to everyone in the Hall!” Her unbiased voice rang out loud and clear over the roar of voices. “The voting results concerning traveling through the space-rock wall are in! All seventeen Regent Leaders have voted. Eleven have voted to go through the wall, and six have voted against the entrance.”
“It seems congratulations are in order,” it seemed the Regent Leader of At’lats appeared out of nowhere as she approached Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, “Good luck Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I know the glide is full of outstanding pilots, and I have faith you will lead us safely through the wall.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn took a few deep breaths before he saying anything.
“Thank you, Regent Leader of At’lats. I appreciate it.” I just hope the glide is ready for the move. “My apologies for leaving so quickly, but there is much to prepare for the flight. Please, be well.” Before anyone could say anything to him, Hlbeetn left the Hall. He was on his way to see his dad, Hothshka.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Hlbeetn had a stop to make before he got to the bridge of his ship. That stop was his dad’s person cavern. Hlbeetn knew he would have to make his visit quick. As soon as he got to his dad’s personal cavern, he was finally able to relax.
“Hi Dad, I’m home.”
“Hello, son,” Hothshka came into the cave to meet his son with an enormous smile, “What brings you home? Not that you need a reason.”
“I’m on my way to the Power Cave, so I wanted to stop by and let you know the Regent Leaders at the Meeting Hall of Contention have voted to allow the entire glide to fly through the space-rock wall. I hope we’re ready for this unknown flight. Dad, when you flew the entire glide through the black hole and out the white hole, how did you make the glide fly like one ship?”
Hothshka went quiet for a moment as he remembered back to the moment his son mentioned. He could feel a smile crawling across his face from the memory.
“We had outstanding pilots in all the ships, and I had faith in all of them. Once we created the gravity bubble, the bubble surrounded each ship individually. The pilots flew their ship next to the other glide ships, increasing the size of the bubble. This continued until we combined all the glide ships into one giant gravity bubble. After that, each pilot flew together as one giant ship towards the black hole. Somehow, while we were in the black hole, the pilots kept the gravity bubble together and held the structural integrity until we escaped on the other side. We had excellent pilots controlling those ships.”
Hlbeetn had been listening to his dad the entire time. He could not help but think about the current At’lats pilot. Was she as good as those pilots who went through the black hole?
Hothshka had been observing his son,
“You’re worried about something, Hlbeetn. What’s on your mind?”
“I was thinking of the pilots we have now. Do they have the similar skill as those who went in the black hole?”
“Hlbeetn, what did I just tell you? Trust your crew. Those under your command. When we went into the black hole, we didn’t know what would happen. But we had to have faith in our abilities as a crew and in our pilots. That’s what I did when I was Pak’Nat.”
“Dad, I’ve already told you about the phobia patients. One of them might be trouble should we get through the wall, simply because we might be closer to New Drak’Nat. The current plan we have is Examiner Ul’Koip-mé will study the planets in deeper detail once we’re through the space-rock wall to make sure New Drak’Nat is safe once it’s found. But, as I think I said earlier, I’m worried about the people with the phobia reacting to the pilots flying to New Drak’Nat. One of those patients might be trouble.”
Hothshka blew out a long breath before saying anything to his son.
“Hlbeetn, do I have to slap it into you? Especially since the Regency Leaders have done all the decision making for you.”
“I know, dad, but this isn’t just flying through space! This is flying the glide through a space-rock wall full of rocks and ice. Some ships might make it through to the other side unscathed, and some might get hit, either wracked or destroyed and killing everyone on the ship. So yes, I’m worried, despite the Regent Leaders’ decision.”
“That is normal for any Pak’Nat, son. That is when you need to have allies and trust them deeply.”
Hlbeetn said nothing for a moment as he thought about what his dad said. Afterward, he slowly blew out a long breath.
“I think I understand. Thank you, dad.”
“That’s what dads are for, son.”
“I have to get back to work… be well.”
“I know, son.  Be well.”
When Pak’Nat Hlbeetn left his dad’s personal cavern, he made a quick stop to the Power Cave with a new determination. When he finally reached the cave, he made his way to the retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, I wanted to let you know, in person, of the decision of the Regent Leaders. They made the final decision that the entire glide will go through the space-rock wall.”
“Hmm? So the Regent Leaders finally made a decision? It’s about time. Thanks for the information. I’m going to contact the other examiners on the other ships in the glide and let them know what’s going on so they can assist the ships’ pilots should they need the help.”
“Well, you do what you must, and I’ll get out of your way. Please be well, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé.”
Once again, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was on the move. He had left Power Cave and was on his way to the bridge, his original destination. As he galloped down the hallway, the examiner continued to give him updates using the communication link. When Pak’Nat Hlbeetn reached the bridge, he addressed his Nam’Mok’nan. There was a lot that had to be done,
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, I need to speak with you for a moment.”
“Yes, sir.  How may I assist you?” Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek immediately approached him from the center of the bridge.
“I have a lot to tell you. The Hall has decided every ship in the glide will fly through the space-rock wall. We will need Euit’Lant Thoy’ord to prepare herself to get ready for the unusual flight. We have retired Examiner Ul’Koip-mé helping us by studying the space-rock wall. He will send the bridge all the information he has available.”
The ship’s pilot, Euit’Lant Thoy’ord, was at the ship’s helm and overheard the conversation,
“Sirs, I have received flight instructions from Examiner Ul’Koip-mé on how to fly through the space-rock wall.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek immediately began giving orders.
“Euit’Lant Thoy’ord, send those instructions to the other ship pilots within the glide. When a flight procedure is in place, I want all of you to begin an approach for entry into the space-rock wall.”
“Yes, sir. We’re already starting at one-third impulse speed.”
Ever so slowly, the At’lats ship began maneuvering around the first rock, under the control of Euit’Lant Thoy’ord. All the other ships within the Glide flew within the space-rock wall, following similar maneuvers as Euit’Lant Thoy’ord. Soon, the ships were coasting within the wall toward the other side without an incident. It was the At’lats ship, which was the first ship out of the space-rock wall. It was only a moment before the other ships appeared on screen outside the wall, allowing everyone to relax.
Once the coast was clear, the bridge heard Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s announcement.
“This is Examiner Ul’Koip-mé from the Power Cave to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. You asked me to notify you of my findings once we cleared the wall. I’m currently picking up the eight planets I mentioned earlier. That’s the basic analysis. To get data on the planets in the perfection zone will take a bit of time. And even after that, the data will need to be analyzed.”
A smile played on Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s face. He felt like a youngling on an adventure, but at the moment, he had to reel himself in for the sake of everyone in the glide, allegedly depending on him.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, approximately how long do you believe it may take to find said planet?”
There was silence on the Examiner’s end of the communication.
“My apologies, sir, but at the moment, I don’t know. Right now, the computer is looking for basic planetary data on all the planets in this solar system. I recommend we fly slowly, so we can use the time to study the data we collect on each planet. My assistant and I will go over all the data on every planet in the solar system.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not hesitate to agree to the examiner’s request.
“We can do that. Euit’Lant Thoy’ord, move forward at one quarter impulse power.”


Chapter 2

All the advenagermenophobia patients and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré were having a discussion in one of the caves in the Listening Cavern. To say the air was thick, and the situation was tense, would have been stating the obvious. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was watching the phobia group closely as she looked around the cave. She was trying to talk about the glide’s flight through the space-rock wall.
“As you all know, the whole glide has flown through and out of a space-rock wall. I’m sure some of you understand the importance of this and some of you may not. Would anyone like to speak first about what they think or feel about what the glide has done, flying through the space-rock wall?”
The phobia patients said nothing for a moment as they looked at each other, wondering who would speak first. Of the five patients, it was Bibliotheca Examiner Da’an-am who spoke first,
“Well, someone has to be first… I guess it’ll be me. I’m not comfortable with everything that happened. It means we might get closer to the new alien planet. I-I don’t like the idea of an unexplored planet. We don’t have any way that we can look up information, not on the computer.” She was sixty-six years old with iridium scales along her wing body.
The next person to speak was former Regent Leader of Mab’shha’la. His real name was Eyj’frfe,
“Listen, everyone, none of us knows anything about this new ‘home-planet.’ Not till it’s found and studied.” The one hundred seventy-year-old silver wing had been watching everyone. “I was in the Hall when I heard talk about when the glide cleared the space-rock wall. The Examiner would start looking for a new home planet for our people.”
Bibliotheca Examiner Da’an-am slowly slid her mouth around silently for a moment as she listened to Eyj’frfe make an uproar.
“Politics never was my strongest subject. Someone, please correct me if I’m wrong, but since Eyj’frfe is a former Regent Leader, he’s still allowed in the Hall during the political talks even though he’s no longer a Regent Leader. That’s how Eyj’frfe could be in the Hall when he heard about the glide going through the space-rock wall.”
The fifty-eight-year-old La’iwi’lm felt something crawling under his mystic topaz scales as he shuffled himself a bit from the logic of the bibliotheca examiner.
“As much as I despise saying this… as soon as they find the planet, it will need to be studied before doing anything else. Part of that will be to make sure the alien germs can’t come on the ships. Afterward, the Hall or the Examiner will decide on if it’s safe for us to live on permanently. At least that’s what I kept hearing.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré could see a problem was coming and needed to do something quickly.
“I’m sure the Examiner will work with the ships’ Pak’Nats to make sure security precautions will be in place, so there won’t be any issues.”
Everyone within the cave could hear deep, slow breathing coming from Ki’sep’s direction. He was doing everything he could to calm down from his anxiety, despite being a fire jumper. The male serpent had cut the red hair along his neck so short that it almost seemed invisible. The seventy-six-year-old serpent chose the cut to reduce the chances of getting burned,
“Because of my job as a fire jumper, there is information I need to know. I don’t like not knowing anything about the new planet. It makes planning to fight fires on it next to impossible.”
“Perhaps you should update your information on the ships’ precautions.” Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was trying to calm Ki’sep down the best she knew how.
Ki’sep’s breathing had turned shallow, yet he somehow nodded his head as a muttered reply of thanks came from his mouth.
All the action had Listener Sdon’çhy’ré slowly sliding her eyes across the group.
“I have a question for everyone here. Are any of you concerned about anything else apart from the trip that was made through the wall?”
It was Da’an-am who was the first one to answer.
“I don’t like not knowing... not knowing stuff. Information about the germs that could come from the planet, not being able to look up that information as easily as we look up the history of our planet. We have nothing on the symptoms of the germs and how to treat the problems.”
Hearing her words had everyone squirming, almost as one unit. A person did not have to be a listener to know how tense the situation had become and the anxiety everyone was feeling.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré took a slow, deep breath, both for herself and for what she was about to do.
“Everyone, I think we should try to put our trust in Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, the examiners and the Regent Leaders. I’m sure they know what they’re doing considering the up-to-date information they have all the time.”
This time it was Llim’eche who was doing the best she could to speak up within the group.
“I-I-I’m sure the Pak’Nat knows what he’s doing. I’m sure he’s making sure they meet every precaution down to the smallest detail.” Everyone could hear the slight wavering in her voice. The honey hair along her serpentine back shook along with her gold topaz scales. Her yellow-gold eyes pointed at everyone within the group, from one person to another, as she uncoiled her forty-five and three-quarter meter long body.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré slowly nodded as she considered her next move carefully.
“I’m glad to hear your words. I’m sure the examiners are aware of the situation and will notify the pilots of any needed update when they go to the planet.”
La’iwi’lm’s body had gone stiff... ridged. He could not move. It was as if his body refused to work at his wish.
“We have to think of the hatchlings and the younglings! What if they were to get sick from unknown germs? Right now, there’s no way to protect them from an attack from germs from an unknown planet!”
For a change, Eyj’frfe was the person who seemed to act calm.
“La’iwi’lm, I would like to thank you for your concerns for the welfare of the hatchlings and the younglings of the glide. I want you to know we appreciate it.” What could not go unnoticed among everyone was how his voice shook as he spoke the words.
Ki’sep could not help but glance around the group as he tried to join Llim’eche’s side.
“Once security precautions are in place, they will seal the germs from the alien planet from the glide. Everyone will be alright.”
Da’an-am shot fiery looks at both Llim’eche and Ki’sep as she spoke.
“Do either of you truly believe your words? Or are you both trying to convince yourselves and everyone else of the stories you’re creating?”
Both Llim’eche and Ki’sep glanced at each another for a moment as they squirmed in their place. Neither one had convinced the other. Yet with those words, Da’an-am had made the situation even worse by deflating what little optimism they were feeling.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had finally reached the Power Cave when he began searching for Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. The ship’s Pak’Nat knew how the flight through the space-rock wall went from the bridge’s perspective, but he wanted to hear how it went from the Power Cave.
He found the examiner at one of the computer stations, analyzing one of the planetary readouts. When he saw something move in the border of his peripheral vision, he turned his head and saw Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Hello, examiner. How was the flight on your end?”
The examiner glanced towards Pak’Nat Hlbeetn before straightening himself out.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, everything went smoothly. As I speak, I’m getting vital data about the thirteen planets in this new solar system. The yellow star in its center seems to be very similar to Ang’uis, before it turned into a red giant and destroyed our home. This is what I’ve been able to find out so far about the planets. The planets closest to us are too small for any form of life. They resemble the space-rocks in the wall in size. I’m currently looking at the eight planets closer to the yellow star. A few of them seem interesting.”
As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn heard Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s report, he rushed to the computer station next to the examiner so they could see the new information as it came.
“Examiner, what are the chances we might find New Drak’Nat?”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé looked up from the monitor as he thought about Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s question. What he really wanted was to get back to the computer. The information they were getting was fascinating.
“I don’t know yet. Currently, I haven’t found a home planet for us, but I have found a temporary place to stop to refuel. While we’re there, I’ll split the work between myself and my assistant, Din’la-be.” While the examiner was explaining the data, something caught his eye on the computer. “I can see an ice planet ahead. According to these readings, we can use it as a temporary refueling station for dihydrogen monoxide.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn began making a list of all the things the glide desperately needed. All the ships in the glide lost a significant amount of dihydrogen monoxide.
“Alright, let’s go get the glide some ice dihydrogen monoxide. With a little work, we can make it fresh and safe to drink for everyone. My only request is to not destroy the planet.”
A nod came from the pathological examiner. “Understood. We don’t know what the effect would be of the planet’s destruction to the rest of the solar system.”
“In your professional opinion, examiner, how long do you believe it may take to analyze the planets and find a possible New Drak’Nat?”
When he heard the question, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé had to pause for a moment as he looked over his notes.
“My apologies, sir, but there are too many unknown variables to give you an answer. One of those unknown variables is the time needed to study both each planet individually and the entire solar system itself. Both my assistant and myself will need to look over everything. We don’t have a procedure for something like this. That’s why I separated the jobs. The two of us could cover more planets quicker for everyone’s sake. That is why I requested the flying robots. It’ll help with giving us a more in-depth analysis.”
Hlbeetn knew he was repeating himself, but he could not help in asking what he was thinking.
“Explain to me a bit more in-depth, please. Why are the flying robots needed?”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé had already returned to work. He was looking at the eight planets through his computer monitor, so he had to alter his attention a bit.
“The flying robots help by flying closer to the planets. It gathers important data and sends it back to this cave for my assistant, myself, or both of us to study and analyze together. Right now, I’m planning on splitting the eight planets we’re going to study between Din’la-be and myself. Din’la-be will study the four planets outside what we recognize as the perfection zone. Meanwhile, I’ll study the four planets inside the perfection zone.”
It was Din’la-be, the female gray wing with light gray eyes, who made the first discovery.
“Sirs, I’ve found something! It seems to be some sort of ice giant.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was by her side in the blink of an eye.
“What do you know so far?”
Assistant Din’la-be continued reading the data the robots were sending them.
“It seems the giant ice planet can’t support us as a people. According to these readings, the winds of this blue ice planet can move faster than the speed of sound. Also, the atmosphere is too cold for anyone to survive for any period. The good news is we’ve found a temporary source of hydrogen.” The forty-seven-year-old assistant stretched her slightly over thirty-eight meters long and fifty-six meters high body.
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was already next to her, reading the data about the ice giant with her.
“Din’la-be, you said it yourself, scratch the planet off the list for a home.”
“I’m doing it right now, sir.” The assistant was already putting the words to action.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had been quietly standing on the side of the cave as he watched the two work. He did not want to interrupt anyone.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé... Assistant Din’la-be. Thank you both for what you are doing, and I’ll be happy to grant your request for flying robots.” As quickly as he could, Hlbeetn left the Power Cave.
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was still working next to his assistant when he discovered a rusty-looking planet on his computer. The data he was reading it made him giddy, like a youngling. It was an odd planet. It was uninhabited, yet may have had life in the planet’s history. What type of life he did not know.
Din’la-be was looking at another planet. The blue-green world she found was another hydrogen planet with a mixture of methane. According to the information Din’la-be was reading, the methane was in small amounts, as well as the dihydrogen monoxide and the ammonia.
“Examiner, I’m looking at that dihydrogen monoxide planet you mentioned earlier. It’s a good refueling source, but in the end it’s also an ice planet.”
A combination of a growl and a sigh came from Ul’Koip-mé.
“Two down, six more to see. At least we have those planets we can use for refueling the glide.” He immediately contacted Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, who by then was on the bridge.
“Hello, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, is there a problem?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, at that point, was preparing himself for any answer.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, I have good news and bad news in my report.” Examiner Ul’Koip-mé explained to the Pak’Nat of the At’lats.
Why am I not surprised? The thought flew through Hlbeetn’s mind before he said anything.
“What is it?”
“The bad news is the first two planets are ice planets, which don’t make them compatible for us as a homeworld. The good news is we’ve found a source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide to recharge the glide.”
As soon as they heard the examiner’s report, a rumbled noise broke out on the bridge. It took the help of both Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to gain control of everyone.
“Examiner, where is this source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide?”
Everyone could hear a lot of clicking on Ul’Koip-mé’s side as the Examiner sent the planetary coordinates and the data to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
“Here you go, sir. This is everything we currently have on the two planets. With this information, you should be able to collect both hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide for the glide.”
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca was at her computer. Her gray eyes were staring at the screen as she monitored the transmission from the Power Cave.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, we have the information Examiner Ul’Koip-mé sent to the bridge.”
Hlbeetn rushed by her side to see the information.
“Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, we have the information, our thanks to both you and your assistant. Please continue looking for a new home for us. I have faith it’s somewhere in this solar system. I believe in both of you. Please be well.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn cut the transmission before anyone could say anything. Without a word said, he left the bridge and was already making his way to the Meeting Hall of Contention.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
When Pak’Nat Hlbeetn reached the doors of the Meeting Hall of Contention, he saw the Entrance Protectors. He knew the first thing he was going to have to do was speak to them before being allowed to enter the Hall. So he took a deep breath and approached them.
“Hello Protectors, I’m here because we have found an additional source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide for the glide. I want to notify the Regent Leaders of this information.”
The reaction from the two Entrance Protectors was nothing short of shocking from the news Hlbeetn had brought to them. Again, as was their procedure, they whispered to one another to decide on whether to let him in the Hall. In the end, they both agreed on the final decision.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,” it was the female Entrance Protector stepping forward, “You may enter the Hall.”
“Thank you,” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not waste time when he entered the Hall. The next thing he had to do was look for the Entrance Announcer in order to explain to her the reason he was in the Hall. Fortunately, finding the black scaled female did not take long, so he approached the hair serpent,
“Hello, Entrance Announcer. Would it be possible to find a spot for me? I’m here to talk to the Hall about a source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide.”
The Entrance Announcer’s gray eyes danced from the shock.
“You’ve found a fresh source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide for the glide?” Without a word, she was working on the schedule on her tablet immediately.
“Yes, I want to notify the Regent Leaders of this new information so we can move the glide to refuel and collect the needed resources.”
The Entrance Announcer was still working while he was talking.
“I’ve moved a few people around because of the topic and how it affects the glide. Once the next speaker finishes with their speech, then it’s your turn.”
“Thank you for your help,” Hlbeetn did not waste time in preparing for the speech he had to give to the glide.
Hlbeetn took a few slow deep breaths to try to stay calm as he looked around the Hall. He was trying to come up with the right words, what to tell everyone... that was when he saw the Regent Leader of At’lats. He was hoping she was doing well, considering how busy he knew she was on the ship. Since his mind was busy at the moment, he did not see his uncle approach.
“Hello nephew,” Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth was approaching his nephew, “what brings you to the Hall?”
As soon as Hlbeetn turned to the familiar voice, a smile appeared before he said anything.
“Hello Uncle Bentleth, I’m glad you’re here. To answer your question, the reason I’m here is we’ve found an additional source of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide for the entire glide. I’m here to notify all the Regent Leaders of the source because I want to move the whole glide to refresh our depleted supply.”
Bentleth had only one reaction to his nephew... a head nod.
“You’re acting like your father, Hothshka. Your father seemed to be in the Hall constantly, especially not long after leaving our planet. You’ve become like him.” A chuckle escaped him as he spoke.
Hlbeetn could not help but join his uncle in the chuckle.
“Thanks, Uncle Bentleth. Right now, I’m preparing what I’m going to say to the Regent Leaders about the planet full of hydrogen to refill the glide and the other planet full of dihydrogen monoxide.”
Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth nodded again,
“I know your father trained you well for speaking on the spot, especially in the Hall. It’s a necessary, yet annoying, job all Pak’Nats must do occasionally, and Hothshka trained you to do it well.”
“Thanks Uncle Bentleth, that helps,” Both nephew and uncle stood side by side for a silent moment as they listened to the next speaker, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was on the podium giving a speech about a problem which seemed to be spreading.
“Hello to everyone in the Hall. I’m here to let everyone know about the advenagermenophobia people I am currently helping know about the passage through the space-rock wall. One of them was in the Hall and listening to the discussion, then came to our session and told everyone what they heard. By doing that, it terrified everyone with the phobia. Already, the closer the glide is getting to the new potential home planet, the more frightened the people with the phobia are becoming. So far, it seems to be the combination of not knowing which world within the solar system will be New Drak’Nat and a lack of detailed information on the new home planet. The reason I’m here is to tell all of you about the situation. I’m currently working on trying and helping them and control both problems simultaneously.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was standing off next to the podium as he listened carefully. Once the listener finished talking, she left the podium. It was now his turn on the podium to speak. It was the same podium his father spoke in the meat distribution.
“Hello to everyone in the Hall. The reason I’m here is we have found a planet with an additional source of hydrogen to refuel all ships in the glide. Think about it, no one will need to drink machine-made dihydrogen monoxide any longer!”
Gasps of shock could be heard from multiple Regent Leaders all over the Hall as they began shooting questions at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn about the planets. Yet, no one could understand what any one person was saying.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn suddenly had multiple jobs to do; gain control over the ear-splitting noise, attempt to see who was talking in the group and what were they saying,
“According to Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, the physical layout of the two refueling planets is pure ice. It can’t be our new home planet, but it can be a temporary stop while we refuel and study…”
While he was talking, Hlbeetn could hear an unknown voice from the group. Whoever it was, the person was asking about one planet,
“Will someone be assisting the examiner while we’ll be refueling the glide? This is a lot of work to do for one person.”
Hlbeetn was looking all around the Hall as he tried to find the speaker of the question, but the Hall was full,
“Both Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and his assistant Din’la-be will study and analyzing the planets to determine which one will be our new home. It was Examiner Ul’Koip-mé who told me of the hydrogen planet and the dihydrogen monoxide planet.”
Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth had been listening to his nephew for a while and had to speak up from pure curiosity.
“Does Examiner Ul’Koip-mé know how long it may take to find a new home planet in this new solar system?”
It was hearing his uncle’s voice that helped Hlbeetn relax a little.
“In Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s notification to me, he said there were thirteen planets within this new solar system. There seem to be three unofficial classifications for these planets. The extremely large, the tiny, and those in the middle. I’ve been told the first five planets of the thirteen are not eligible for life because they’re too small. The examiner and his assistant will look at each planet individually until they can find a planet safe enough to be New Drak’Nat. Of the remaining eight, we have crossed out two, and they’re now looking at the remaining six. Look, I know you all want off your respective ship and see the new planets. I can only ask for patients while studies are being made to make sure we find the right world that will be our new home. That way, we won’t have to go through this all over again. That’s why the examiner will study the planets while we’ll be refueling. I have faith our new home planet is somewhere in this new solar system. My request is for patience from all of you, and I’m also asking for permission to move the glide to the two planets I mentioned earlier to refuel our depleted hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide.”
As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn finished his report, he immediately heard a noise, talk coming from within the Hall of the Regent Leaders. The air had become electric from the information and the anxiety. Trying to figure out who was saying what was difficult… it was borderline impossible. The only coherent things Hlbeetn could understand were some people talking about how badly the glide needed hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide. The glide had depleted their reserves when Pak’Nat Hothshka, his father, had the glide go through a black hole and came through a white hole.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had to force himself to stay quiet. Now was not the time to blame the Regent Leaders for their decision to go through the black hole and the results.
“I trust everyone has the information they need to decide for the glide, as the Hall has done many times in the past.”
Without a word, he stepped down from the podium while he could still hear a few voices in the group talking to each other. As Hlbeetn approached his Uncle Bentleth, his uncle noticed something family could only see.
“How are you doing, Uncle Bentleth?”
A smile had spread across Bentleth’s face.
“I’ve said it once, and I’ll say it again. You remind me so much of your father. I’m proud of you. I know what you’re feeling. Remember, you have two former Pak’Nats in the family you can talk to if you ever need it.”
“I know, Uncle Bentleth, thanks.”
A voice interrupted both their discussion and the sounds in the Hall. It was from the Entrance Announcer,
“All the Regent Leaders within the glide have voted, and we have tallied those votes. The results are unanimous for moving the glide and refueling our depleted hydrogen and stocking up on dihydrogen monoxide.”
Both uncle and nephew stole knowing glances at each other before Pak’Nat Hlbeetn returned to the podium. He could not stop the sigh from escaping him,
“Thank you, everyone, for your vote. On behalf of those working on the refueling project, we appreciate it and we’ll do everything we can not to disappoint anyone here.” Without saying another word, he left both the podium and the Hall as he rushed to the Power Cave. “Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, good news. The Regent Leaders have voted unanimously for the glide to refill our stock of hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé did not waste any time in preparation.
“Thank you, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I’ll be ready when you contact me about the glides’ movements.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not hear everything since he was already on his way to the bridge. Once he was there, he approached Euit’Lant Thoy’ord and began explaining the situation to her.
“At ease, Euit’Lant. The glide will split into two parts, one will gather an additional source of hydrogen, and the other will gather fresh dihydrogen monoxide.”
“Yes, sir,” Euit’Lant Thoy’ord began preparation for the split.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not go far when he found Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’ein,
“Rist Gis’ein, please open a call to the whole glide.” While Nih’cet’ein did as he ordered, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn turned to Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. “The Hall has granted us permission to collect the much-needed hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide from nearby planets.”
“Done as demanded, sir,” Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’ein made the connection.
“Sir, this will be amazing if we can get the dihydrogen monoxide and the hydrogen needed for the glide and continue our search for our new home.” Vi’nek was doing everything in his own power to keep himself under control from hearing the good news.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s only reply was a nod. Most of his attention was toward giving orders to the other ships as the glide slowly separated into halves. He explained to all the ships’ Pak’Nats what each half would do for the glide in collecting hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide. In the end, he waited until everyone was in position. It took everyone roughly thirty minutes for all seventeen ships to get into position to collect the needed materials.


Chapter 3

During all the excitement on the bridge and in the Meeting Hall of Contention, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé continued to study the rusty-looking planet in the perfection zone on the monitor. According to the computer readings, the world was both rocky and firm, not icy like the previous two planets they had found. There also seemed to be dust storms all over the planet.
The planetary readings were odd because it was warm enough for their race to live on at twenty degrees. Yet, it was way too cold for them at negative one hundred fifty-three degrees. That meant the planet was cold enough to solidify what little dihydrogen monoxide he could see on the surface. To make matters worse, if that was possible, the planet’s atmosphere was mainly carbon dioxide. Making it not breathable. If he could change the percentage of gases and remove a few others, the rust planet would be livable. But I’m not the Great Creator either.
“We have another one to add to the ‘no’ pile.”
“Do you really think so?” His assistant Din’la-be looked up from the planet she was currently studying.
A sigh escaped Ul’Koip-mé as he nodded.
“I’m sure. There may have been an organism or some sort of life in this planet’s past, but not anymore. There’s no way we could survive on it.”
As soon as Examiner Ul’Koip-mé shifted his attention to the next planet in the perfection zone, he noticed something different. It was multi-colored, with shades of white, blue, and hints of brown all over the sphere… and is that green? As quickly as he could, he began reading all the data he could get about this odd planet in the perfection zone. Within only a few breaths, he contacted Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was in his of’fire office when he noticed he was being contacted by Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. In the back of his mind, he hoped everything was alright,
“This is Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. What can I do for you, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé?”
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, what I’m about to tell you, I must ask that it stay between the two of us. I need time to verify a few more bits of information.”
It was those words that made Pak’Nat Hlbeetn sit up and pay attention.
“You have my attention, Examiner.”
“It’s too early to know for sure, but there is a chance we may have found a new home planet on a blue-white-brown planet. It needs deeper study before we make any form of announcement to the Regent Leaders of the Hall and the rest of the glide.”
From the excitement of the news, Hlbeetn knew he was about to raise his voice. So he had to lower the volume on the computer and force himself to lower his voice to make sure no one could hear him from the bridge, even though he was in his office and he shut the door.
“Examiner, I can only ask you to keep me notified of your findings, please.”
“Yes, sir.” Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was still in front of his computer monitor, looking over the data. “According to what the computer and the robot have told me so far, this planet has the five gases in the atmosphere needed for us to breathe. It’s made up mainly of nitrogen and oxygen, with bits of argon, carbon dioxide, and a few others. From what I see, there’s enough land for everyone in the glide to live and breed, and there’s more than enough dihydrogen monoxide to drink.”
It was that last piece of information that gave Pak’Nat Hlbeetn an idea.
“With this new information, I’m assuming you’ll want to get closer to this blue-white-brown planet?”
“Yes, sir.” Examiner Ul’Koip-mé could not help but wonder what Hlbeetn was thinking.
“Well, the Regent Leaders will notice the move and want to know why we’re showing so much attention to one planet over the others. They’ll want answers and there’s no way to keep this information secret. Especially with the possibility of this planet being the possibility of being New Drak’Nat. We’ll have to control the information to make sure the civilians don’t find out about the situation.”
“I understand, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. Din’la-be and I need to look at the other planets, including this one in the solar system, to make sure this is the only ‘new homeworld’ in this solar system.”
“I understand, examiner, and thank you for everything both you and your assistant are doing. I appreciate it. Be Well.” Without thinking, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn jumped out of his chair, ran out of his office, onto the bridge, and out into the hallway. He was on his way to the Meeting Hall of Contention while he was getting himself ready for what he was going to tell the Regent Leaders.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was in the Meeting Hall of Contention, he was already scanning the area for the Entrance Announcer. Fortunately, that did not take long as he walked straight to her.
“Hello, Entrance Announcer. Do you think you can fit me into the schedule so I can talk on the podium to the Hall?”
The black scales of the Entrance Announcer danced within the lights of the Hall as her light gray eyes were on the tablet.
“I’m sorry, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, but the schedule to speak on the podium is full for the rest of the day. May I ask why you are here to speak at the Hall?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn took a deep breath before he said anything.
“We have found a planet, which may be the New Drak’Nat. That is why I’m here, to give the Hall the limited information I have on the planet.”
The dark gray hair along her back shook from the news.
“Thank you for telling me. I’ll talk to some people on the scheduled and see if they could use extra time and wouldn’t mind giving up their slot.” Her light gray eyes were already dancing from Hlbeetn’s news.
Hlbeetn did not know this, but he had been holding his breath while she was talking. So he finally blew it out slowly,
“Thank you for everything you’re doing. I appreciate it.” He began roaming around the Hall while he waited for when he could speak on the podium. The first person Hlbeetn saw during his roaming was his father, Hothshka. Without stopping, he went to his father and legendary Drak’tdon. “Hi, Dad, I’m surprised to see you here.”
A chuckle escaped the old Drak'tdon.
“I got bored, so I came to the Hall to watch the goings-on here. I wanted to make sure they did not misuse the powers of the Hall.”
“Hey dad, while you’re here, I have a historical question. During the famous illegal meat market investigation, why didn’t you assign an investigator instead of doing the job yourself?”
A humph escaped Hothshka as his mind went back to those days.
“It happened not long after we left Drak’Nat. We were still trying to make sure that all the civilians in the glide were safe. During all that was when the problems started with the meat market. We never had time to assign anyone to be an investigator, so we had to use what we had with us.”
Out of nowhere, the Entrance Announcer appeared as she approached Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“It seems the Divine One is on your side. I have spoken to both speakers, and they agreed to move their times and wait. You are after the current speaker.”
“Thank you. I appreciate what you have done.” Hlbeetn took a deep breath as he prepared himself for what was to come.
Hothshka knew what his son was doing.
“Hlbeetn, you’ll do just fine. Remember, I did this a lot when I was Pak’Nat. Coming to this Hall with next to nothing to give my speeches. My advice to you is, talk to them as if you’re talking to a person. Don’t give a speech. I find it’s more relaxing.”
“Thanks, dad.” Hlbeetn’s eyes were currently on the speaker; meanwhile, his mind was still in a whirl on how he was going to explain the blue and brown planet to everyone in the Hall. When the speaker left the podium, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn calmly took his position and cleared his throat. “Hello to everyone in the Hall. I am Pak’Nat Hlbeetn of the ship At’lats. I am here to let all of you about a discovery made by Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. He believes he may have found a potential planet to be our new home, but more tests need to be done.” Noise flew all around the Hall about the discovery, so no one heard what he said next. “Other planets in the perfection zone are being looked at as well, just in case this one doesn’t work out.”
A barrage of questions flew at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn all at once. No one could understand anything from the sound within the voices. No words could come out of the mess of noise. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was on the verge of roaring when he continued talking, this time above the commotion.
“The information I have given you is of the highest secret. To make sure the planet is totally safe for all of us in the glide, we will do testing in search of viruses, bacteria, and any unknowns that may kill us. We don’t want to go through this all over again.”
“Do we have a procedure in place for when we get closer to the planet?” Everyone in the Hall looked around for the speaker of the question. The Regent Leader of Al’haav’l was overseeing the discussion.
Hlbeetn was doing everything in his power to hide the long sigh which was escaping him,
“The current procedural idea is to orbit the planet. To gain data such as any form of bacteria, viruses, and other such things this planet may have, which we may or may not live with and survive from or could kill us. How long this will take? Only the Examiner can answer.”
They heard the next voice in the Hall, which came from a surprising source,
“I believe we should stand with Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.” It was the voice of the Regent Leader of At’lats. “While the glide orbits this new planet, we should stay on our ships until we know it’s safe to evacuate onto our new homeworld.”
“Tell me, Regent Leader of At’lats, have you become one of the phobic people we’ve all heard about? If so, I’m seriously wondering if you’re going to perform your duties as Regent Leader.” Once more, it was the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l, as the two females locked horns with one another.
The Regent Leader of At’lats marched up to the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l. Her black moonstone face had gotten even darker. If that was even possible,
“My job is to represent and to protect the people of the At’lats ship, not to put them in some sort of unknown harm’s way! Once we know more about this new planet, its dangers, and how safe it is for our people, we can decide on if and or when we can go down and live on it.”
A fresh voice joined the noise.
“Why don’t we stop all this nonsense before it turns into something we can’t stop?” The voice came from cat’s eye apatite scaled Regent Leader of the Hoard.
Everyone heard a growl escape the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l. Her neck had curled a bit from the confrontation with her peers.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, tell me one thing. Are you attempting to make decisions for the whole glide, even before you walked into the Hall? It sounds like you’re acting a bit like your father the way he handled the illegal meat market.”
If Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could grit his teeth, he would have been doing so; instead, a low growl escaped him as he exhaled breath as he did everything in his power to remain calm… or at least sound calm.
“Let me get one thing straight for everyone to understand clearly. The closest I have ever come to doing what you have mentioned is when I replenished the dihydrogen monoxide and the hydrogen from the source planets. This was not only for the At’lats, but for the ships of all the glide. After I decided, I notified the Hall because I felt everyone in the Hall knew as I did how badly we need it.”
Murmurs slithered all along within the Hall from multiple voices. As Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked over the Hall full of people, he did the first thing he could think of to gain control of the situation.
“I have a request from all the Regent Leaders of the Glide. Once the pilots fly to the new planet and collect samples, we will need some sort of restriction of planetary information from the civilians until the examiner deem the planet safe. Now I didn’t come up with this idea myself. It was mutual between myself and Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. Once we have a safe planet to live on, the phobics can choose to stay on the ship or go on the planet. Their choice.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats had been carefully listening to the Pak’Nat of her ship,
“So far, I like what Pak’Nat Hlbeetn has been saying. I’m with him on his decision to protect the civilians, even if it’s from themselves.”
Off to the side, Hothshka had been listening to the commotion. He could not stop himself from chuckling as he gazed around the Hall,
“It seems to me this action might cause chaos among the glide.” The elderly drak’tdon spoke to himself.
The Regent Leader of Al’haav’l heard something as she swung her head in the direction and found the culprit.
“Hothshka! You are one of our protectors! Why don’t you have better control over your son?”
Retired Pak’Nat Hothshka appeared out of the shadows and strolled into the middle of the Hall.
“I know my son very well. If I did not believe I could teach him to think for himself, then I would never have become a father!” As the auburn scaled wing appeared in front of the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l, a soft yet long snort came from Hothshka.
It took everything Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had to keep a straight face and not laugh from watching his dad at work.
“Thanks, dad.” Hlbeetn had to do a quick topic change. The easiest way he could think of to do that was to clear his voice, “I’m not trying to take over the glide, that’s the job of the Hall. I know this Hall decision will affect everyone in the glide, people with and without the phobia. My job is to talk to and work with the glide pilots.”
The Hall suddenly went silent for the first time since Hlbeetn’s entrance. The Regent Leaders made glances at each other, but no one said anything. No one knew what more to say at the moment.
In a dark corner, Eyj’frfe had heard and seen everything going on in the Hall and was already shaking. He already had an idea, and he had to get to the Listening Cave as quickly as possible to tell everyone what he knew.


Chapter 4

Inside the Power Cave Assistant Din’la-be was studying another giant gas planet.
“Examiner, this is a bizarre planet. There’s a six-sided storm at the planet’s north pole. From what I can tell, despite its size, the density is so low it could float in dihydrogen monoxide! According to these readings, this strange gas planet seems to be made up mainly of hydrogen and helium. It looks like we may have found ourselves another planet to refuel the glide.”
“I’m glad to hear it.” Even though he was somewhat distracted, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was able to comment on his assistant’s find from the other side of the cave.
“Examiner… if the count is correct, this planet has eighty-two moons.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s attention was still on the computer monitor.
“I see it.”
“One of those moons is interesting. The atmosphere is a mixture of nitrogen and methane. It seems to have a lake made up of liquid methane and ethane!”
Din’la-be was double-checking her information before she recorded it in the database. “Sir, if we’re thinking the same thing… this planet isn’t suitable for anyone to live on. Not in the glide.”
Hearing his assistant’s word made a chuckle escape Ul’Koip-me as he briefly glanced her way.
“We were thinking about the same thing. The planet is barren.” He immediately switched his attention back to his computer screen as he began looking at the data of the second planet from the yellow star. It was another rocky planet, but it was more yellowish.
Another possible home planet? So far, the only similarities he saw between the blue-white planet and the yellowish planet were both were rocky planets. This yellowish planet was the hottest planet they found so far. Hot enough to melt lead.
“Din’la-be, are you seeing this? I’ve found a yellow and white planet similar to the quad-color planet in diameter, density, orbit, and distance from their star. But both are vastly different to each other. It’s too hot for us to live on. It would cook us alive before we get to the ground.”
Din’la-be moved from her post to next to Ul’Koip-mé. “I see it. According to the readings, the surface temperature is four hundred seventy degrees!” Once she went back to her computer, she began looking at the next planet on her list. The next planet was bigger that the last one... if that was possible.
It was a highly colorful planet. It was stunning in its own right. According to the computer readings, the giant planet had three rings around it, yet the rings were so thin it was almost invisible to the naked eye. Another interesting thing Din’la-be noticed was the many moons the gas planet had, just like the other big gas planet.
“Examiner, I’ve found a giant multi-colored gas planet larger than the last gas giant.”
“You’re kidding!”
“No, sir, I’m not. It seems to have three rings circulating the planet, but I can barely see it. The planet is very colorful. I know I don’t have to say anything. We’re crossing this planet off the list.”
“That makes sense.”
“Examiner, is it just me, or does about a third of this solar system seem it protects the planets in the perfection zone?”
As soon as he heard those words, Ul’Koip-mé stop working for a moment.
“It’s very possible it somehow developed that way... either naturally or through the Great Creator. I’m looking at the last planet, the small gray-brown one closest to the yellow star. It’s strange.”
“Strange how?” Din’la-be could not help but be curious.
“You’d think this gray planet would be warmer than its neighboring planet since it’s closest to the star. Yet it’s cooler than the second planet.”
Din’la-be shifted next to Ul’Koip-mé to see this strange planet he was talking about. “You’re right. That is strange, it’s somewhat cooler compared to the second planet. According to your readings, the surface temperature is four hundred thirty degrees as a high and minus one hundred eighty as a low. This planet is too hot for our people to live on. The real question is, why is this planet closest to its star cooler than its neighbor, even if by just a few degrees?”
The question caused Examiner Ul’Koip-mé to look up from the monitor for a moment.
“The question needs further study. But for right now, no doubt it may have something to do with the second planet’s atmosphere.”
“Well, look on the bright side. We’ve found one planet in this solar system’s perfection zone.” Din’la-be was trying to be optimistic about the situation.
Ul’Koip-mé could not stop the chuckle which escaped him.
“That is true. Prepare the flying robots around the third planet from the yellow star. We have to collect as much data as we can about this blue, brown, and white planet.”
“I’m on it, sir.”
“Let me contact Pak’Nat Hlbeetn first to get the okay. Don’t launch the robots yet.”
“Understood.”
While they were talking, the call was already going through the computer. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s face immediately showed up on the screen.
“Hello Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. I hope the reason you’re contacting me is you’re bringing good news.”
“Well… good news and bad news. The good news is it seems we have found one planet to be New Drak’Nat. None of the other planets have met the required standards. The bad news is the glide must fly through a new ring of space rocks. I’m beginning a study on the ring to find a way through.”
The look on Hlbeetn’s face was a mixed twist of confusion and something unreadable.
“Let me see if I understand correctly. We’ve found New Drak’Nat, but we have to go through a space ring after having gone through a space wall made up of rocks?”
Even though she was not visible on the monitor, Hlbeetn could hear Din’la-be’s voice.
“From what we know of the space rock ring so far, it may be easier for the glide to fly through comparable to the space rock wall.”
“Din’la-be. In what way do you think the glide may get through the ring?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was professionally curious.
Silence surrounded the cave as Din’la-be worked furiously to find the answer she knew may hold the future of their people. No pressure!
“I’ve found a more spacious area of this space-rock ring. It seems to be not as thick, which appears to be a moot point since the whole ring is less dense than the space-rock wall we flew through recently.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé joined his assistant to look at her discoveries.
“You’ve done an amazing job, Din’la-be. Thank you for everything.” Without missing a step, the examiner went back to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. “As you heard, sir. Din’la-be found a way past the space-rock ring.”
“Please send me that information. And thank you both for all you’ve done in helping us with New Drak’Nat, the space-rock ring, and what you’re both still doing for all of us. Both of you, please be well.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ended the transmission while he thought about the next step he knew the glide would have to make. Hlbeetn got up and went to the bridge of the ship. “Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca open a channel to all the pilots in the glide. I want to speak to them personally.”
The order did not take the blue-gray hair serpent female long to do. It did not take her long at all.
“Link established and ready, sir.”
“Thank you. Attention to all glide Pak’Nats, I have something to say you may want to hear. I have recently received information from Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and Assistant Din’la-be on how to cross the space-rock ring. I will send all of you the information shortly, so please have your pilots ready. The procedure will be similar to when we went through the space-rock wall.” Quietly, he turned and whispered to Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca, “There is a file within my office computer marked ‘rock ring.’ That is the file I wish to send to the pilots. Could you please transmit it to them?”
“I’m on it, sir.”
As soon as Nih’cet’lca sent the information to the glide ships, the pilots began drifting their ships at half impulse through the space-rocks. As the glide ships slid within the ring of space-rocks, all seventeen flew as one ship. Fortunately, the situation was uneventful as all seventeen ships slowly slid out of the other side of ring unscathed.
Once Pak’Nat Hlbeetn felt the glide was safe on the other side, he made his way towards his of’fire office,
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, you have the bridge.” As soon as he was in his office, he contacted Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. “As I’m sure you already know, we’re on the other side of the ring. Have the two of you found any more information about New Drak’Nat?”
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé was trying as hard as he could to find the words to explain in simple terms the similarities between the new planet and their former home planet.
“This blue, white, and brown planet has plenty of dihydrogen monoxide to drink and lots of lands for us to survive and live on. Also, the gas within the atmosphere is well-matched with our biology for us to breathe. Though we still need time to run some tests on the planet for viruses, bacteria, and any type of unknowns to make sure it’s safe for us. But so far, New Drak’Nat looks like the permanent place for us to call home.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was once again doing the breathing technique his father taught him.
“Just as you have things you must do, I also have things I have to do as well. Please notify me when you have more information about New Drak’Nat.”
“I understand, sir. I’ll notify you as soon as I know anything more.”
“Thank you, examiner. One more thing. Do you have the glide progress in collecting hydrogen and dihydrogen monoxide for everyone?”
While he was waiting, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could hear clicking as the examiner pulled up the data he requested.
“According to the computer, we completed our refueling of hydrogen before the glide flew through the space-rock ring and afterward equally distribute the hydrogen portion we collected. As for the dihydrogen monoxide… it’s better. It seems we have so much dihydrogen monoxide collected right now we can separate a small quantity to make fresh hydrogen or more. We have enough for the people, the military, everyone in the glide.”
“That’s splendid news, examiner, thank you. To both you and your assistant, be well.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ended the call as he made preparations for the Hall.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Eyj’frfe had heard everything that was said in the Meeting Hall of Contention. At the time he was roughly a furlong away, shaking. He was already on his way to the eating hall when he heard Pak’Nat Hlbeetn talking to someone, so he decided to stop and listen, which he was glad he overheard the discussion. This gave him an idea. He had to get to the Listening Cave as quickly as possible.
As soon as he got to the cave, he found the advenagermenophobia group and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré together for a discussion. He had forgotten a session was going to be that day.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was talking with the advenagermenophobia people in a group.
“I want to give everyone a hypothetical scenario.” Listener Sdon’çhy’ré started the group session. “We have found a planet to show promise for the people of the glide. How would some of you feel about that?”
As soon as they heard the listener’s words, everyone in the group silently began shuffling. They all shot glances at each other as they wondered who would speak first. It turned out to be Eyj’frfe.
“I was in the Hall when I heard the news that we have found New Drak’Nat. Your ‘hypothetical’ is real!”
Up to that point, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had been trying hard to prepare herself for anything. But sometimes ‘anything’ can still surprise people,
“Oh really? We’ve found New Drak’Nat? How does everyone feel about our new home planet being discovered?”
Everyone within the phobia group glanced at each other. Some of them could not help but shuffle around when they heard the listener’s words. No one was sure who should speak first, so the group remained quiet… until a volunteer broke the silence.
“I don’t like this new information.” The words came from Space Wing Llim’eche. “They will no doubt need pilots to go to that planet. That means since I’m a pilot, I may get this assignment as well. Though I’m happy for the people not in this group. I mean… they have a new place they can go to. They can call home.”
Just hearing those words shocked Listener Sdon’çhy’ré,
“I’m proud of you, Llim’eche. I know it wasn’t easy for you to take that step. What do the rest of you think?”
The people in the phobia group looked at each other. No one could stay still for very long as they all thought about the issue they were discussing, but at the same time, they were all too scared to talk about what was on their minds. Finally, one of them came forward. La’iwi’lm looked at everyone in the Listening cave as he said what was on his mind.
“As long as I’m allowed to live on a ship while everyone else goes to live on the planet, I’m happy.” He shrugged after he spoke. After he finished talking, he sat down with the rest of the group.
Ki’sep had been quiet for a while as he listened to everyone, but finally he had to say something.
“I agree with La’iwi’lm. I prefer to live on a clean ship where there’re no alien germs to get sick from. Let those who want to go on the new planet leave and go there. Let the rest of us stay on our clean ships.”
While others were giving their opinions, Da’an-am had been quiet for a while. She was thinking of what everyone else was talking about,
“I’m a bit conflicted… I guess. I’m curious about this new world I’ve heard about. Though I’m not sure I’ll ever be able to go on the planet. Not now or later. But I would like to make an attempt.”
A smile appeared on Sdon’çhy’ré’s face from hearing the bibliotheca examiner’s words.
“Congratulations, Da’an-am. I know saying those words wasn’t easy for you. Eyj’frfe, what are you thinking right now?”
A snort left Eyj’frfe as he looked at everyone in the cave.
“I’m too old to go on some new adventure to a new planet. I’m going to stay on a ship and leave the adventuring to the younger generation.”
“Oh come now, Eyj’frfe,” Sdon’çhy’ré was trying to be the group’s optimist, “I’m sure you still have years left to go on a new adventure. Besides, this will be your chance to show the young generation what a leader truly looks like. You could be that leader in the new world.”
The listener’s words made Eyj’frfe squirm a bit as he looked at everyone.
“I-I don’t know. I’ll think about what you said.”
Ki’sep had been watching Eyj’frfe as a huff escaped the fire jumper.
“You sound more optimistic than me about this exploit into uncharted territory.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré zeroed in on the fire jumper for a moment.
“I’m curious. Why are you so pessimistic about the idea of New Drak’Nat?”
“Well… besides the alien germs and viruses, just like everyone else here, I am a fire jumper. It is a general practice on all ships in the glide and on our original home planet. But we don’t know how to fight fires in this new world. There’s no way to know if the rules are the same.”
During the stressful situation, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré forced a smile to appear her face.
“Fire jumping is a job that is full of surprises. How is going to a new planet any different?”
A huff left Ki’sep. He had heard this question, and similar to it, over and over,
“Fire jumping, I know very well. Alien viruses and bacteria are totally out of my realm of knowledge.”
“Isn’t that the like the grass calling the weed green?” The words came from La’iwi’lm, who had been watching the fire jumper curiously.
“Now, what does that supposed to mean?”
Ki’sep slowly slunk towards the mentor. His head was low, as if ready to strike at La’iwi’lm.
As quickly as she could, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré rushed between the two drak’tdons.
“Alright, now try to calm down. I know the situation is tense. Still, I’m sure if we try to assess the situation and think about what we believe and feel, I’m sure we’ll understand we’re all in the same situation.”
It was Da’an-am, the bibliotheca examiner, who decided to break the silence,
“I’m okay.”
Eyj’frfe had distanced himself from the rest of the group by putting himself in a corner. His body was visibly shaking.
“I’m alright… yeah, I’m alright.” He stole a glance at Da’an-am along with the rest of the group as he tried as hard as he could to collect himself.
Llim’eche checked his schedule along with the clock on the wall.
“I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’ve been waiting for this meeting to end. I have a job to do as a pilot.”
La’iwi’lm sat back down with nothing more than a nod. He monitored Ki’sep as he mumbled his next contradictory words.
“I’m okay.”
Ki’sep was having severe problems calming down. He was swallowing hard and forced himself to breathe slowly,
“I’m fine… yeah, I’m fine.” His voice was shaking as everyone wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than everyone else.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré did not like what she saw in the cave, especially with Ki’sep,
“Alright, everyone, we’re going to take a break to calm down. We’ll continue momentarily.” Slowly, the Listener approached Ki’sep to make sure he was really alright or needed more help than the rest of the group. The phobia group broke up as some went and got something to drink, while others broke off to talk to each other. Ki’sep went with Listener Sdon’çhy’ré so the two of them could speak together.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
It was later the same day that Mentor La’iwi’lm had class at Ft. Hothshka. The half hair half feather male serpent was in the middle of teaching class as his red topaz eyes scanned the cave. He had his blue topaz hair on his back brushed, and his green topaz feathers laid flat.
“As of right now, class, they have collected hydrogen for the whole glide. The ship’s examiner is looking at the planets found in this solar system. Does anyone have something to say about it?”
The first student to speak up was a young twenty-year-old red scale wing male,
“Does that mean the examiner will look for our new home planet in the perfection zone?”
It took all his willpower for La’iwi’lm to keep a neutral response.
“As far as I know, yes. They will look in the perfection zone.”
A second student was immediately curious. The young twenty-year-old emerald scale male serpent with dark green hair was almost jumping with eagerness,
“Mentor! Mentor! How many planets are in this new solar system?”
The question shook La’iwi’lm for a moment. He knew he heard the number of planets during his phobia sessions; he was sure of it. But at the moment, he could not remember the answer.
“I’m not sure, but I believe it’s a little over eight planets.”
It was those words that made a third student join the conversation. Just like her classmates, she was of the same age, though she had bismuth scales along her wing body,
“Mentor, do you know anything about any of the planets?”
La’iwi’lm closed his eyes and was doing everything in his power to remember what he knew of the solar system and its planets while emotionally keeping himself together.
“From what I know, some planets found seem to be solid ice, and some planets seem to be mostly gas.”
The new information had the students chatting among themselves. They all had one thing in common among each other, they grew-up in the glide. One curious classmate wanted to know about the new planet they may live on. A second classmate was wondering if the world had animals and if anyone knew anything about them. The third classmate was more interested in how much land and dihydrogen monoxide the planet had for them.
Of all the questions La’iwi’lm heard, he could comment on the last one.
“Your question is scientific, since you’re asking a scientific question. That’s very good.”
“Thank-you, Mentor La’iwi’lm,” she looked up with her multi-colored eyes.


Chapter 5

It was the same day, and Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was on his way to his personal cavern when Sdon’çhy’ré contacted him by video while he was still in the hallway.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
“No, listener, you’re not disturbing me. What can I do for you?”
“I’m contacting you to ask about New Drak’Nat and if you have really found it? One of my phobia patients heard about it and told the rest of the group.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn froze as soon as he heard those words.
“How did the phobia patients find out about the planet?”
“I brought up the idea of New Drak’Nat being discovered as a hypothetical scenario. I felt I should attempt to stop any potential panic from the group before it started. One patient corrected me and told the group the planet wasn’t a hypothetical but truth. He told everyone everything he heard in the Meeting Hall of Contention.”
The news shook Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“I was not aware one of your patients was in the Hall at the same time I was there talking to the Regent Leaders about the planet. I thank you for telling me this news. Please notify me on how the patients handle the information and any new information that comes to them.”
“I will do that. For right now, some patients have handled the information better than others, although they all have one thing in common. Shock. They want to stay on a ship while the rest of the glide goes on the planet.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s mind froze for a moment before he could run ideas through his head.
“The only thing I can think of at the moment is to think of a way to keep them busy. I meant to tell you of the planet after the Hall. My apologies for the lack of communication. I appreciate all you have been doing with the patients.”
Sdon’çhy’ré could not help but be surprised by the compliment,
“Thank you for your words, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I wanted to notify you and let you know the advenagermenophobia patients know of the new world that maybe our home.”
He only nodded,
“I understand. I know what I’m about to ask of you may be difficult. Please try to help the patients understand. We don’t want them speaking about this planet to anyone outside of their group.”
“I’ll do everything I can, sir. I can’t make any promises about what they will or won’t do, but I will try.”
“I understand. I have one more request. Though I’ve already asked it, considering the situation, would you change your mind and give me a list of your phobia patients? With the help you’ve given me so far with their reactions, I might be able to find out who that one person was in the Hall if I had that list. Also, if one or more poses a threat to the At’lats or the glide, the information could be important.” Despite Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s choice of words, the statement was closer to an order than a request.
There was a long silence while Listener Sdon’çhy’ré took the request into serious consideration.
“I understand what you’re saying, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. But please understand, I can’t give you that information. It’s privileged information between listener and patient. You and I both know that.”
“Yes, I do.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was doing everything he could to stay calm. He had to remember she was not military but science personnel. “You also know that if I wish it, I could get the information I requested without your say so. My request to you was my show of respect to you. I still need that list of names to protect the glide if one of them goes rogue.”
Now I remember why I never joined the military. Sdon’çhy’ré thought to herself as an idea came to her.
“How about if the military suspects someone, then gives me the name? I’ll check the name on my patient list, and if I have a file on him or her, I’ll give the individual’s file to you. That way, I won’t have to compromise the entire group. What do you say?”
A huff escaped Hlbeetn before he could stop it.
“I agree with your terms. The glide isn’t in any imminent danger… yet. Be well, listener.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré never noticed how tense she was till she released the breath she had been holding.
“Agreed. Be well, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.” Before anyone could say another word, she ended the transmission.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not miss a step as he turned around and went to the At’lats bridge. When he got there, he immediately approached Euit’Lant Yilnarm.
“Security Leader, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré has notified me that the advenagermenophobia patients know of the potential home planet we’ve found in the perfection zone. It is unknown if they will cause any trouble, though she will keep watch over them. If one of them poses a threat to the glide, she has volunteered to give us her files on the individual.”
The look on Security Leader Yilnarm was stone.
“Don’t worry, sir, I’ll keep watch for any sign of trouble.”
“Thank you. I have reason to believe there may be a former Regent Leader within the advenagermenophobia group. The person was in the Hall when I was there to talk to the Regent Leaders.” As Pak’Nat Hlbeetn walked across the bridge, he was running the to-do list in his head. The next person he needed to speak to was Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. “I have bad news. The advenagermenophobia group Listener Sdon’çhy’ré has been helping now knows of the planet we’re calling New Drak’Nat, and the possibly of it being our new home.”
If Hlbeetn did not know Vi’nek so well, he would have thought his Nam’Mok’nan was a statue,
“Sir, will we have any problem getting information about the people within the group? I’m aware of the confidence that is between the listener and her patients.”
“I spoke to the listener about that before I came to the bridge. We agreed if we found someone we found suspicious, we would send the name to her. If the name is one of her patients, she will give us the person’s file.”
“Then let’s hope nothing happens where she needs to do such a thing. It would be a breach of trust between listener and patient, sir.”
“I agree, Nam’Mok’nan, and in the end, I hope you’re right. Please notify me if anything happens.” While Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was going to his of’fire office, he ran a hypothetical scenario of the civilians knowing about the new world. Is it too soon for them to learn about the planet? Is it too dangerous? Or could they handle the information with self-control? He was barely inside his of’fire office when he got a video call.
Examiner Assistant Din’la-be was in the video, and judging by the background, she was still at the engineering cave.
“I wanted to update you on what Examiner Ul’Koip-mé told you about the new world. It seems the dihydrogen monoxide that covers most of the planet is mixed with salt. There is drinkable dihydrogen monoxide, more than enough for our people to survive and flourish in this world. We’re still working on creating tests for the bacteria and viruses with the dihydrogen monoxide, air, plants, soil, and any animals we may find. These tests will take a while in processing afterward since the pilots will fly to the planet to collect samples; our drones can’t do such a complicated job.”
“Thank you for bringing me this information. Could you please update me on the pilots to be sent down to the planet and what they find?”
“Yes, sir Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I will notify Examiner Ul’Koip-mé of your request immediately. Be well.” Assistant Din’la-be cut the video call before Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could say anything to her.
Hlbeetn was finally alone, truly alone, in his of’fire office. He could finally allow himself to relax on his cushion. He closed his eyes and silently prayed to the Divine One that this new planet will be the new homeworld the Drak’tdon people desperately needed.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and his assistant were still in the engineering cave. At the moment, they were still studying the third planet from the solar system’s yellow star. They were finding some fascinating pieces of data,
“Din’la-be, are you seeing this? This blue and white planet is the fifth largest planet in this solar system. It seems to have multiple dihydrogen monoxide types from what we’ve discovered so far from salty, fresh, and a mix of the two. The only planets we’ve seen that came close in similarity to this planet are its neighbors.” Ul’Koip-mé could not stop himself as he leaned towards the screen and studied the data further. “When we look at the three planets orbiting this star, their distance is interesting. The second planet from the star, the yellow and white one, is over one hundred million kilometers from the yellow star. The third planet, the multi-colored one we’re sending robots to, is one hundred forty-nine million kilometers from the star. And the fourth planet, the rusty one, is over two hundred twenty-seven million kilometers from the star. All three planets seem to be similar, yet different from each other, almost like triplets. Yet it’s the differences that separate them just enough that it allows the third one to allow life.”
Assistant Din’la-be got a look at the data Ul’Koip-mé had mentioned.
“Maybe the other two planets, these uninhabitable ones, were identical to the other eons ago.”
“It’s a possibility, one we may never know for sure. Fortunately, we’ve found one out of eight planets for our people to live on, and my suspicion was right that it was in the perfection zone. Now we need to get as much data as we can on the third planet from the star. Din’la-be, prepare a flying robot for a fly-around to gather data of the multi-colored world.” It was not long after Examiner Ul’Koip-mé finished that he began his next step, contacting Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, I wanted to let you know Din’la-be is waiting for your permission to send a flying robot to New Drak’Nat. I wanted to notify you of what we are doing.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could feel his heart racing in his chest when he heard the information.
“Examiner, thank you for telling me this and also thank you to both you and your assistant for bringing us to this point in our search for a new home. I appreciate it.”
Hlbeetn’s compliment caught Ul’Koip-mé off guard.
“You’re welcome, sir. Erm... out of the eight planets we’ve looked at, two were ice planets, a couple were gas planets, and four were rocky planets. Of the four rocky planets, three were in the perfection zone, and of those three, only one showed to be able to support us. We’re sending coordinates to the bridge right now. My request is to send a flying robot to the multi-colored planet to assist in data collection, so by the time the glide gets there, we’ll know more about the world and the dangers it may have for us.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had already formed an idea in mind,
“Examiner, I need you to send me the information you have on this multi-colored planet that may end up being our new homeworld.”
I have to report to the Hall. “You can use both flying and land robots any way you see fit.”
Hlbeetn’s words made Ul’Koip-mé work even faster in sending what he had to the unique world. The computer whirled as it sent everything the examiner had to the Pak’Nat.
“Thank you, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. I appreciate everything you both have done.” Without another word, not even a ‘be well,’ Hlbeetn quickly cut the transmission and left the bridge as he looked over the tablet full of data. He made his way straight towards the Hall. By the time he got to the entrance of the Hall, his mind was full of jobs that had to be done as he flipped from one to another on the tablet.
The first person to notice his approach was the female Entrance Protector,
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, may I ask what brings you to the Hall?” Her expression remained neutral as she spoke.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn glanced around the area before he whispered to the Entrance Protectors,
“What I have to say to both of you is too sensitive to be said in the hallway. It’s of the highest secret.”
The job of an Entrance Protector was simple: protect the entrance of the Hall. But, for those two Entrance Protectors, curiosity took over when they heard the news of such secretive information coming inside the Hall. So all three drak’tdons gathered together in a huddle to listen to what Pak’Nat Hlbeetn intended to talk about.
Once again, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was doing his best to keep his voice in a whisper.
“We believe we have found New Drak’Nat. The examiner and his assistant, who have helped us find the new homeworld, have sent us the coordinates to request robots to be sent to the planet. I’m here to bring my report to the Regent Leaders of the Hall.”
The two Entrance Protectors were speechless as they stared at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn for a moment. Between the two of them, it ended up being the female Entrance Protector who broke the silence.
“We need to let Pak’Nat Hlbeetn inside. This information is too important to the glide.”
The male feather serpent Entrance Protector did not argue.
“You’re right, I agree. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, you may go inside.” It was the male Regent Leader who gave Pak’Nat Hlbeetn the permission to enter the Hall.
“Thank you, I appreciate it.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not waste any time as he rushed into the Meeting Hall of Contention. The first person he saw in the Hall was his old friend Pak’Nat Alcreob.
Pak’Nat Alcreob was a male hair serpent with sand beige scales, coral eyes, and dirty yellow hair along his neck and back. A unique trait about him was the scales missing along his chest. This allowed everyone to see his skin underneath. Only a few scales had grown in the area. Although Alcreob and Hlbeetn were both serpents, Alcreob was taller by two point four meters and older by sixteen years. This made Alcreob larger than Hlbeetn and, with his slightly longer military experience, Pak’Nat of the meat ship, the Kyebs.
“Hlbeetn. Hello, old friend. What brings you to the Hall?” A smile had spread so wide on Alcreob one could barely see where one end-stopped and the other began.
Just as it shocked Alcreob to see Hlbeetn, it was the same for Hlbeetn to see Alcreob. The two hardly ever saw one another because of their work.
“Hi Alcreob, it’s good to see you again. I’m here because an examiner on my ship has found a multi-colored planet in this solar system, which everyone has named New Drak’Nat for obvious reasons. Tests still need to be done to the planet before any thought of an evacuation on the planet can take place.”
The news left Alcreob mute. It took a moment to collect himself. When he finally did, he was talking so fast Hlbeetn barely understood him.
“Okay, I have a small list of questions, so give me a moment. Where is this multi-colored planet? Who is this examiner who found it? What does your ship know about New Drak’Nat so far?”
“Alcreob, the answer to all your questions will be in my report to the Hall.” While Hlbeetn was chatting with his friend, he was also looking around the Hall and searching for the Entrance Announcer. “I’m sorry, Alcreob, but could you please excuse me for a moment?” As soon as the words left him, Hlbeetn left his friend and made his way across the Hall.
She was the Entrance Announcer. She was a hair serpent with black scales and part of her job was to work hard on her tablet with the Hall schedule.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn approached the Entrance Announcer, preparing himself for everything and anything.
“Hello Entrance Announcer, I’m Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I’m here to request permission to speak in the Hall on short notice. It’s essential--”
“--to all Drak’tdon.” The Entrance Announcer finished his statement while still looking at her tablet. “It seems lately every time you come here, it’s crucial to the glide. Well, it seems this time the Hall schedule is full. A work-in won’t be possible unless someone gives up their spot.”
Hlbeetn was stunned for a moment at the Entrance Protector’s words. After he collected himself, he lowered his voice to a whisper so only the two of them could hear his next words.
“What I have to say can’t wait till tomorrow. We’ve found a planet, which may be the New Drak’Nat. That is why I’m here, to tell the Hall about the limited information I have on the planet and a threat to the glide. What are the procedures for me to speak today?”
The dark gray hair along her back shook when she heard the news.
“You’ve already done it. Thank you for telling me. I’ll talk to some people on the scheduled and see if they could use extra time and wouldn’t mind giving up their place.” Her light gray eyes were already dancing from what Hlbeetn told her.
Hlbeetn could not stop the breath he did not know he was holding.
“Thank you for everything you’re doing. I appreciate it.” He began to roam slowly around the Hall as he waited for her answer. During his roaming he found his dad, Hothshka. He immediately went to greet the legendary drak’tdon. “Hi, Dad, I’m surprised to see you here.”
A chuckle escaped the old drak’tdon,
“I got bored, so I came to the Hall to watch the goings-on here. I wanted to make sure they did not misuse the powers of the Hall.”
“Hey, dad, while you’re here, I have a historical question. During the famous illegal meat market investigation, why didn’t you assign an investigator instead of doing the job yourself?”
A humph escaped Hothshka as his mind went back to those days.
“It happened not long after we left Drak’Nat. We were still trying to make sure that all the civilians in the glide were safe. So we were busy when the meat market problems started. We never had time to assign anyone to be an investigator, so we had to use what we had with us.”
Out of nowhere, the Entrance Announcer appeared and approached Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“It seems the Divine One is on your side. I have spoken to some speakers, and they agreed to move their times and wait. That makes you next after the current speaker.” She began making a note on her tablet about the change in the speaker.
The first reply Hlbeetn had was a nod.
“Thank you for your efforts, Entrance Announcer. I appreciate all you have done, especially in helping me speak in the Hall.”
Hothshka knew what his son was doing.
“Hlbeetn, you’ll do just fine. Remember, I did this a lot when I was Pak’Nat. Coming to this Hall with next to nothing to give a speech. My advice to you is, talk to them as if you’re talking to one person. Don’t give a speech. I find it’s more relaxing.”
“Thanks, dad.” Hlbeetn’s eyes were on the current speaker. Meanwhile, he was still trying to figure out how he would explain the blue and brown planet to everyone in the Hall.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
When the speaker finally left the podium, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn took her place to speak to the Hall. He cleared his throat while he tried to remember to act professional.
“Hello to everyone in the Hall. I am Pak’Nat Hlbeetn of the ship At’lats. I have news of what Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and his assistant, Din’la-be, found when studying this solar system we have been flying in for some time. As you all know, no doubt heard, we have found New Drak’Nat… allegedly. Right now, the examiner and his assistant are making plans to send both flying and land robots to the new planet for study. I’m here to let the Hall know of our actions before making the next step in this critical moment in our people’s history.” Once again, he was using the breathing technique his dad had taught him to calm down. Fortunately, no one could see his nervousness he hid well.
The Hall was electric as voices flew around from one person to another. The noise of the voices slowly grew louder and louder as a barrage of questions flew at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn all at once. It seemed the room was possibly becoming so volatile that the Entrance Announcer was on her way to getting the Entrance Protectors as a precautionary measure.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was on the verge of roaring when he spoke, this time above the commotion.
“The information I have given you is of the highest secret. There is two reasons for this. One, the Advenagermenophobia group, has found out about this information and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré is working on controlling the situation. Two, the examiner and his assistant already used flying robots to review the eight planets in this solar system. With the help of these robots, they could also study the planets in the perfection zone, discover New Drak’Nat, and have the data we have so far. With the use of both flying and land robots, we will get more information about New Drak’Nat, more than we have. We must be able to prepare for when we reach what we hope will be our new homeworld. Let me give you an example. With one flying robot, we know New Drak’Nat is seventy percent dihydrogen monoxide and thirty percent land. That land is more than enough for everyone from the glide to live on and procreate if we all spread out. Even the atmosphere allows us to breathe comfortably. We’ve been able to learn this from one flying robot. Imagine what we would learn from more, from both land and flying robots.”
The voice levels only lowered but never went silent, yet they heard one familiar voice over all of them.
“How long have you had this information?” The female voice belonged to the Regent Leader of At’lats. That question made the Hall go silent as everyone turned towards either her or Pak’Nat Hlbeetn for his answer.
At least it’s an ally. The thought ran through Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s mind,
“As soon as Examiner Ul’Koip-mé told me the planetary information of the alleged homeworld, I spoke to my Nam’Mok’nan on the bridge for security reasons. Next, I came here to tell everyone in the Hall. I’m sure the Hall members remember when I told all of you about the potential of this planet to be our new homeworld.”
“Approximately, how far is this new homeworld to his parent star?” The take-charge female voice belonged to the Regent Leader of Hoard. It seemed she could find a moment to get away from the meat ship to make her way to the Meeting Hall of Contention.
Before he said anything, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn Hlbeetn began flipping through his notes.
“New Drak’Nat is roughly four point two eight billion kilometers from its parent star. Everyone, please understand that if you have questions, I only have vital information about New Drak’Nat. Again, we’re requesting the use of both robot types to study bacteria, viruses, anything that may can harm us. Let us know before we get there so we can prepare.”
“Do we have a procedure in place for when we get closer to the planet?” This time the question came from the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l. The look on her face said it all. She was feeling the same thing as the rest of the Hall… shock.
Hlbeetn was doing everything in his power to hide the long sigh which had escaped him.
“The current procedural idea is to orbit the planet. It is to gain as much data on all forms of bacteria, viruses, and other such things as this planet may have. This will help us find out if we’ll be able to survive with the organisms or if it could kill us. How long this will take only the examiner can answer. Once we have enough information from those robots, we’ll know if the planet is safe. After we get to the planet, we’ll have pilots flying down to the surface to collect samples and do jobs the land robots cannot do. When they return, the healer and her assistant will be in charge of decontamination to check them for pollen and radiation.”
The next voice everyone heard in the Hall came from a surprising source,
“I believe we should stand with Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.” It was the voice of the Regent Leader of At’lats. “While the glide orbits this new planet, we should stay on our ships until we know it’s safe to evacuate to our new home planet.”
“Tell me, Regent Leader of At’lats, have you become one of the phobic people we’ve all heard about? If so, I’m seriously wondering if you can perform your duties as Regent Leader.” Once more, it was the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l, as the two females locked horns with one another.
The Regent Leader of At’lats stomped towards the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l. Her black moonstone face had gotten even darker... if that was even possible.
“My job is to represent and to protect the people of the At’lats ship, not to put them in some sort of unknown harm’s way! Once we know more about this new planet, its dangers, and how safe it is for our people, we can decide on if and-or when we can go down and live on it.”
A fresh voice suddenly joined the noise.
“Why don’t we stop all this nonsense before it turns into something we can’t stop?” The voice came from cat’s eye apatite scaled Regent Leader of Hoard.
A growl came from the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l. Her neck had curled from the confrontation with her peers.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, tell me one thing. Are you attempting to decide for the whole glide, even before you walked into the Hall? It sounds like you’re acting a bit like your father the way he handled the famous illegal meat market situation.”
A low growl escaped Pak’Nat Hlbeetn as he slowly exhaled. He was doing everything he could to remain calm… or at least sound calm.
“Let me get one thing straight, so everyone can understand clearly. The closest I have allegedly ever come to doing what you have mentioned is when I replenished the dihydrogen monoxide and the source planet’s hydrogen. This was not only for the At’lats, but for the ships of all the glide. After I decided, I notified the Hall because I felt everyone in the Hall knew how badly we needed it. Now let’s get off me and back on the potential home planet and the glide. The Regent Leaders can decide for the people of their own ship. Suppose Examiner Ul’Koip-mé labels this planet as safe for us. In that case, the phobics can choose to leave and go to the new home planet or stay on the ship.”
Everyone heard murmurs from multiple voices all over the Hall. As Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked over the Hall full of people, he did the first thing he could think of to gain control of the situation.
“I have a request for all the Regent Leaders of the glide. Once the pilots fly to the new planet and collect samples, we will need to restrict planetary information to the civilians until the examiner and his assistant have deemed it safe. Now I didn’t come up with this idea myself. It was mutual between myself and Examiner Ul’Koip-mé.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats had been carefully listening to the Pak’Nat of her ship,
“So far, I like what Pak’Nat Hlbeetn has been saying. I’m with him on his decision to protect the civilians, even if it’s from themselves.”
Off to the side, Hothshka had been listening to the commotion. He could not stop the quiet chuckle from escaping him as he gazed around the Hall.
The Regent Leader of Al’haav’l heard something as she swung her head in the direction and found the culprit.
“Hothshka! You’re one of our protectors! Why don’t you have better control over your son?”
Retired Pak’Nat Hothshka appeared from out of the shadows and strolled into the middle of the Hall.
“I know my son very well. If I never believed I could teach him to think for himself, then I never would have become a father!” As the auburn scaled wing appeared in front of the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l, a soft yet long snort came from Hothshka.
It took everything Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had to keep a straight face and not laugh from watching his dad in action.
“Thanks, dad.” Hlbeetn had to change the topic quickly. The easiest way to do that was to clear his voice, “I’m not trying to take over the glide; that’s the job of the Hall. I know that the Hall’s decision will affect everyone in the glide, including those with phobia and without. My job is to talk to and work with the pilots.”
Once his meeting at the Meeting Hall of Contention was over, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn made his way back to the bridge. Without a word, he went straight to Security Leader Yilnarm,
“I have good news, Security Leader Yilnarm. The Hall has approved examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s request for both flying and land robot. Once we get to New Drak’Nat, and Examiner Ul’Koip-mé has deemed it safe, we’ll have the pilots needed to go to the new homeworld. He will need your help with the pilots and the sub-ships as well.”
A nod and a smile came from the female security leader of the At’lats.
“Yes, sir, I understand.” She began getting to work without another word said.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn went to his of’fire office. He already knew he had someone he had to contact,
“Hello, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, I wanted to let you know the Hall has approved your request for robots for New Drak’Nat. I’ve spoken to Security Leader Yilnarm, and she will help you with pilots and sub-ships when you want to go to New Drak’Nat.”
“That’s splendid news! Thank you so much, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, for telling me,” during Examiner Ul’Koip-mé’s reaction, he was also recording everything told to him.
“I’m glad I could help, examiner.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn left Examiner Ul’Koip-mé alone to enjoy himself in his work, so he ended the transmission without saying the traditional ‘be well.’ Hlbeetn took a deep breath once he was alone. He seriously needed to relax.


Chapter 6

It was the same day, and Eyj’frfe and the rest of the advenagermenophobia were still in the Listening Cave. After Eyj’frfe told the group what he heard in the Hall, they all talked about what everyone thought about the news. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré could not help but notice everyone’s reaction ranged from one form of terror or anxiety to another. One person in particular she was keeping a close eye on was Eyj’frfe, since it looked like he was attempting to gain some sort of control over the group.
Another thing Listener Sdon’çhy’ré could not help but notice was Eyj’frfe was trying hard to cover-up the fact he was having something near a panic attack. Da’an-am, fortunately, was showing signs of being scared, but not a full panic attack, only frightened. Ki’sep, as usual, was attempting to look brave, but a trained eye could see how frightened he truly felt. La’iwi’lm was doing everything in his power to stay in control. Space Wing Llim’eche was already in a total panic, and her body almost frozen in place. This was an odd trait for someone with advenagermenophobia. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré did not like what she was seeing.
Space Wing Llim’eche’s body was trembling as he slowly turned his head towards the listener.
“If I remember correctly. I read that once when us pilots come back from unknown places we must be decontaminated. No doubt the examiners will create scientific procedures for us pilots to go through decontamination to make them, the Pak’Nats of the ships, and everyone happy.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré saw a frenzy on the verge of possibly starting within the group and knew something had to be done.
“So it sounds like a cleaning procedure will be in place before they send the first person down to the new world to make sure both the pilots and the examiners will be safe when they return.”
The reaction of the phobia group was not good. Eyj’frfe was looking around the cave in a state of panic, screaming at everyone.
“We’ll all be contaminated!”
“I said decontaminated, not contaminated!” Space Wing Llim’eche called out inside the cave.
Da’an-am froze in place as she looked around the room in silence.
“Alright, everyone. Let’s try to do as Listener Sdon’çhy’ré asks of us and calm down.” The statement came from Ki’sep. He was attempting to calm down everyone in the phobia group with his own shaky voice, despite his own anxiety.
La’iwi’lm was doing a breathing exercise to gain some sort of control of himself. Chaos was on the brink of winning hold of the phobia group.
As Listener Sdon’çhy’ré watched everyone around the cave, she made a personal reminder to contact Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. She tried to speak over everyone in the group to get their attention. It was a long session for most of the day as she tried to calm everyone in the cave.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was back in his office. He had spoken to the examiner about his time in the Hall and the flight procedures to and from New Drak’Nat. Afterward, he made a call to Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. He was in a different frame of mind than the last time he spoke to her.
“Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, I wanted to contact you and let you know of the New Drak’Nat information, how we plan on gathering data, everything.” Hlbeetn’s voice sounded as exhausted as he mentally felt.
It was the end of the day, and Sdon’çhy’ré could finally relax after working with the phobia group.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, thank you for the call. I appreciate it.”
“Well, the Meeting Hall of Contention has allowed us to use both flying and land robots to study New Drak’Nat until the glide gets there. Then, once it’s believed to be safe for us to go onto the planet, we can use pilots to fly examiners and their assistants to the ground to study and gather information.”
“So it is true? You’ll need pilots to fly to the surface of New Drak’Nat? The phobia group has been talking about that.” Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was trying to be helpful with the information given to her, but she had a stressful day.
“Yes, it is.” Hlbeetn could not help but be curious about her comment. “How do you know of the decision? The only people who know this is Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, his assistant Din’la-be, the people on the bridge of my ship, and those in the Meeting Hall of Contention.”
Sdon’çhy’ré could see his mind was working on the puzzle. So she remained silent to see if he could figure it out.
“Listener, I know you can’t tell me what your patients say in the sessions for both morality issues and rules. But why do I have a feeling one of the advenagermenophobia people was in the Hall when I made the request?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré did not answer right away as she thought about how to answer his question.
“We don’t lock the advenagermenophobia group in their caverns. They can roam around their ship as they please. Legally.”
Hlbeetn had only one reaction… a head nod. What more could he do?
“Thank you, Listener. My apologies for not contacting you sooner with this information, but I had a lot I had to do as quickly as possible.”
A smile appeared on Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, even though a small one,
“You have military procedures you must go through, people you must talk to for certain situations. The people at the Hall being a good example. There was no way to know who would be there when you spoke to the Regent Leaders.”
A sigh escaped Hlbeetn from her words.
“I thank you for being so understanding, Listener. I wanted to contact you as soon as I could and let you know what we were doing about the robots, the pilots, everything about the planetary work.”
“I understand, and thank you for notifying me.”
“You’re welcome, listener. Be well.” Both Listener Sdon’çhy’ré and Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ended the call at the same time. Hlbeetn never had time to stop as he made another call to Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. “Hello examiner, I called to speak to you about the flying robot. Has it discovered anything yet about New Drak’Nat?”
Din’la-be answered the video call. She was at the examiner’s computer when Pak’Nat Hlbeetn called.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, my apologies, but Examiner Ul’Koip-mé isn’t here and has asked no one to bother him for either calls or questions. To answer your question, so far, what we have is more detailed data on New Drak’Nat’s atmosphere. Also, we’re using the flying robot to find places where the land robots can work.”
“That sounds great, Assistant Din’la-be. Have you found some interesting places for the land robots?”
She switched the computer screen to the data they had on some landing possibilities.
“With the help of the flying robots, we’ve found a few places for it. With the use of both the land and flying robots, we’ll also be able to study the possibility of any life on the planet, including plant life. The examiners and their assistants who fly down to the surface will be much more helpful with the plant study.”
Her words got his attention.
“I have to agree with you there. We don’t need to be down there and the plants attacking us and getting us sick.”
A smile appeared on Din’la-be’s face from his words.
“Yes, to paraphrase you, we don’t want to go through this all over again.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn could not help but grin at her words.
“Out of curiosity, do you know how many land robots the examiner wants for when we get to New Drak’Nat and when he wants them ready?”
Din’la-be did not answer immediately.
“I don’t have the answer at the moment, and the examiner doesn’t want to be disturbed. I’ll see what I can do to find out the answer.”
Hlbeetn waited for what seemed like a long while. So he could not stop his surprise when he saw Examiner Ul’Koip-me on the computer screen.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, my apologies for taking so long to reach you. Din’la-be has told me the question you gave her about the land robots.”
“I’m glad to hear that examiner. Do you know if or when you’ll be ready for the land robots? If so, how many will you want for when we get to New Drak’Nat?”
Examiner Ul’Koip-me did not speak, as he had to think for a moment on the questions.
“It’s going to be awhile before we need the land robots.” Examiner Ul’Koip-mé looked at his computer for more information. “As we’ve already said, once the flying robots find a spot for the land robot, we put the land robot on the ground to gather data. Which is why we asked for both land robots and the flying robots.” He had to stop to think for a moment. “Right now, I’d have to say we’ll need half the land robots and the rest to be on standby if any get damaged. As for when we’ll need the robots, I’m not sure yet. Right now, the flying robots are still working just fine.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had been nodding the entire time while the examiner was explaining his theory.
“That’s why I’m calling you, examiner. I wanted to let you know the Hall has approved your request to use both robots on New Drak’Nat.”
Examiner Ul’Koip-me could not stop the bright smile on his face.
“I appreciate it, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, thank you so much. It feels good to know we’ll have the equipment needed to study the new planet.” As soon as the words left his mouth, something caught his attention. “Wait. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, you gave us the approval to use the robots. So why did you have to go to the Hall?”
“I know I did, examiner, and that’s because using the robots falls under military jurisdiction. But, New Drak’Nat and any information about it fall to both military and Hall authority. Especially since Regent Leaders are notorious for wanting to know everything that’s going on within their ship.”


Chapter 7

It was three years after Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s discussion with Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. During those three years, the glide finally reached New Drak’Nat. While they were traveling to the new world, the flying robots had a secondary job as land robots on the planet until the glide was close enough to send the land robots to the world. Once the glide finally reached the world, called New Drak’Nat, they sent the land robots to the planet. The knowledge of the entire glide going to New Drak’Nat was common knowledge to the public. Some of the civilians knew of the robots or the land study. That worried the Hall. That the information would start a riot in wanting to see the planet’s surface.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré’s schedule had become increasingly more hectic the closer the glide got to New Drak’Nat. The closer they got to the new homeworld, the busier she became in managing the advenagermenophobia group. As the glide slowly reached New Drak’Nat, the listener split the phobia group into two groups. Those with higher anxiety were in one group and those with closer acceptance of the new planet in another group.
Plans made by the Hall politicians and the military were already currently in play. Sub-ships were in preparation for future use to go to the new world. Examiners had already set up quarantine stations on the planet for decontamination. Examiners, assistants, and pilots were working from the land of the new planet to the sub-ship, with data being recorded by every individual.
The Meeting Hall of Contention controlled the information they discovered to the public all over the glide. They did this by making sure the information was old and intentionally leaked through the glide, similar to rumors. This was to help the civilians feel somewhat more comfortable, if that was possible. Along with the stories, the Hall controlled the reports given to the civilians about what was occasionally happening.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, in his of’fire office, had contacted Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, who was in the Listening Cave, via a video call.
“Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, I wanted to find out how the advenagermenophobia group was doing now that the glide was so close to New Drak’Nat?”
Sdon’çhy’ré knew this question was coming and coming soon. Though she was still trying to find the right words to explain what was happening in the cave.
“I broke up the advenagermenophobia group into two groups. The closer we’ve gotten to New Drak’Nat, one of the two groups has shown signs of acute anxiety. Group two seems to be a step closer to acceptance of the situation as long as they don’t go down on the new home planet and can stay on the ship. The second group may not be capable of go onto the planet. But they won’t be as much of a problem as the first group. Right now, I believe we need to observe the people in the first group closely.”
It took a moment for what the listener said to sink in for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. When it did, he had a request for her.
“I know I’m repeating myself, but if there is any problem with either group, could you please notify me of the individual?” Hlbeetn knew that since Sdon’çhy’ré did not have any military background, it was best not to use any military tactics. He learned that philosophy from his dad.
“I understand Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, and I remind you of the confidentiality between myself and my patients.”
Hlbeetn had to stop the grin he felt from appearing,
“The reason I’m making this request is if one of your patients in one of those groups creates trouble in the glide, I think I know where to find that person.”
The listener blew out a long breath she did not know she had been holding.
“I understand what you’re saying. I’ll start organizing the records. Therefore, if trouble starts… I’ll do what I can to have the individual’s records prepared when it’s needed.”
Hlbeetn was silently hoping he was not too harsh with her when he made his request again.
“Thank you. I appreciate everything you have been doing with the advenagermenophobia patients. You have been a great help to all of us. When the time comes, if you believe telling us this information won’t break your patients’ trust, please notify the bridge. Let us know who and where the individual is so we can find the person. Please be well.” He ended the transmission when he finished the seminar. Immediately afterward, he heard a knock at his door. “Enter.”
It was Euit’Lant Yilnarm. She walked into his office and stood in front of his desk in a standing salute.
“Hello sir, I was at my station and overheard the discussion between Listener Sdon’çhy’ré and yourself. May I ask a question?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was mildly surprised at her statement. She was too good at her job,
“What is your question?”
“In following the progress of the advenagermenophobia patients, do you predict the possibility of trouble in the group?”
It took Pak’Nat Hlbeetn a moment for his mind to shift from one topic to another.
“Right now, I’m hoping that nothing happens within the group. I simply want to be prepared for the worst while hoping for the best.”
“Sir, is there any type of special preparation for the phobia group you want to put together if there is any type of trouble?” Euit’Lant Yilnarm chose her words carefully.
As soon as he heard Yilnarm’s question, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn began running multiple scenarios through his head, and he did not like any of the results.
“Wait and see. I don’t want to risk a panic if any of the public catches a whiff of any stray information.”
“Yes, sir. I came to your office because I have a report from Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. From what little I understand of the first two paragraphs, it’s about what they found on the planet’s surface.” Euit’Lant Yilnarm placed the report on his desk while she spoke and then backed up quietly.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn took a deep sigh when he heard the news.
“Any word about how the examiner is doing in handling his new science position?”
It took a moment for Euit’Lant Yilnarm to remember what she read when she peaked at the report.
“I think the right word would be ‘excited.’ From what I understand, he seems to enjoy studying the information about New Drak’Nat, sir.”
Hlbeetn remained silent. He studied his third in command for a moment before he chose his words.
“How are you doing considering the New Drak’Nat situation?”
A smile appeared as she thought of the right way to explain her reaction.
“It’s a new frontier for us to explore, sir. I can only assume this is what the Protectors felt in the beginning when they left our home planet.”
Hlbeetn swallowed a groan from the title “Protector,” a term that was used to reference his dad by other drak’tdon for as long as he could remember.
“I’m sure they had more important things they had to deal with at the time than trying to be heroes, or at least believing they were heroes.”
Something about those words made Yilnarm remember something.
“Wait, your dad is one of the Protectors! He gave the famous speech in the Meeting Hall of Contention back on old Drak’Nat before the final evacuation. You knew Pak’Nat Hothshka is one of my heroes. I’ve mentioned this to you on multiple occasions. Would I be so bold as to request an introduced to him, sir?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn blew out a long sigh. He knew this day would eventually come. The real question was when,
“There are two reasons I don’t talk about my father as being a protector. He’s very humble about everything that happened during those times, and he doesn’t want to be stood apart from the group. In his own opinion, he believes what the ‘Protectors’ did was a group action, not to be idolized as individuals. Also, I’ve wanted to go through the ranks as myself, not as Pak’Nat Hothshka’s son. Whatever I’ve earned, be it good or otherwise, I’d received the outcome all on my own. Whatever the repercussions for any situation, good or bad, are on me. My dad always respected that.”
Security Leader Yilnarm inhaled deeply as she listened to her Pak’Nat speak, then she nodded respectfully. Once he finished his explanation, she chose her next words with a lot of care.
“I believe I understand, sir.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn closed his eyes as he took a few deep breaths before he asked the next question,
“Euit’Lant Yilnarm, do you have any more questions or information for me at the moment?” He had become tired of the old topic, people wanting to talk to him about his dad.
As soon as the words left Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, Euit’Lant Yilnarm immediately came to attention. Her body became slightly rigid,
“Sir, the examiners have sent both the flying and land robots to New Drak’Nat to collect samples at the designated land sites. I wasn’t sure if Assistant Din’la-be had told you about that.”
“I understand. Thank you for the information Security Leader Yilnarm. Is there something I need to know about?”
There was a momentary silence before the Security Leader spoke.
“Sir, request permission to speak freely.”
Hlbeetn did everything in his power to keep himself together. Why do I feel I know what she’s going to ask?
“Go ahead.”
Yilnarm took a moment to form her statement as carefully as possible.
“Sir, Pak’Nat Hothshka gave Security Leader Geer’Kru an order not to touch Sho-al’sé on the way to the prison ship. When they were both on the sub-ship on their way to the Ykser ship, Security Leader Geer’Kru survived the explosion, but, as you know, Sho-al’sé did not.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn thought back on the story. He had known it since he was a youngling. People had asked him this question many times while growing up,
“Are you implying the sub-ship was sabotaged by either Security Leader Geer’Kru or my father? What would be the reason for such a thing?”
It took Security Leader Yilnarm a moment to think back on the personal project she had done when she was much younger.
“Sir, Sho-al’sé was a personal project when I was studying for a security position. I read the case files and saw as many videos as I could collect connected to the sub-ship that Security Leader Geer’Kru piloted. When the engines failed on their way to Ykser, someone reported it as a hydrogen leak. According to the record, there was one evacuation pod, and that was for Security Leader Geer’Kru. But if someone were to look at the videos over and over with a careful and sharp eye, they would see a second evacuation pod left the sub-ship.” Once she finished, she stood in silence, waiting for his reaction to her findings.
Hlbeetn kept tight control of himself and any reaction he might give away as he listened to her theory.
“Is there anything more you would like to add?”
Yilnarm swallowed hard as she lowered her voice to a whisper, as if the two of them were really not alone, despite the contrary.
“Sir, what if the second evacuation pod was for Ket’ur? Perhaps she was the one who sabotaged the sub-ship; she definitely had the motive.”
She’s good. That’s why she has the position as Security Leader. The words flew through his mind as he tried to keep himself calm and controlled during the entire conversation. At least, he was hoping he looked the part. Before he spoke, he made sure he had the room securely silenced.
“Congratulations, Security Leader Yilnarm. I believe you may be the only person to figure out the truth of the Sho-al’sé case and his death. Now the important question is, what are you going to do with this information?”
Yilnarm did not speak for a moment. When she finally did, her answer surprised Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“I made my decision before I mentioned the topic. I won’t do anything. In my opinion, what Ket’ur did was self-defense, though delayed self-defense.”
Her interesting, and unique, form of logic surprised Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
“Thank you, Security Leader. My only request is you keep your opinion between the two of us, please. My father never knew of Ket’ur’s plans. If Geer’Kru knew anything of the ideas, he said nothing. As you know, a lot of people are connected to this case, so I appreciate your decision.”
Once again, Security Leader Yilnarm stood at attention to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. She understood everything clearly.
“I understand, sir.”
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
It all happened in Landing Cave Six. It was Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop who found the deceased individual. The body was a male hair serpent with peridot scales and white hair, and seemed to be in his fifties or sixties. Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop, a sixty-year-old female wing, was doing everything in her power not to contaminate the area by not touching anything. Her dark emerald scales were barely visible because of the dim light in the landing cave. Her sharp azure blue eyes scanned the scene of the crime before she contacted Security Leader Yilnarm,
“Security Leader Yilnarm, this is Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop at Landing Cave Six. I have a death to report.”
Security Leader Yilnarm was still at her station on the bridge when she got the news.
“Go ahead Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop. What do you know so far?”
“His name is Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot of the ship Yle’iasn. According to this information, he pilots sub-ships. He’s a male hair serpent with peridot scales and white hair. His age seems to be somewhere between the fifties and sixties. Going by the way someone killed him... there seemed to have been scratches all over the body. Which was probably where the blood on the ground might have come from.” There was a long pause in her report as she looked at the serpent’s neck and head to make sure what she said next was correct. “The way the neck and head look, the neck appears to be broken.”
Security Leader Yilnarm used the information to finish her report,
“Thank you, Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop, for the message. A Pathological Examiner is on the way there as we speak.” During their discussion, Yilnarm sent the information she had on the pilot’s death to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and then hurried to his office.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had opened the document on his computer and was ready to read it when there was a knock on his door.
“Enter.”
The person entering was Security Leader Yilnarm,
“Sir, according to the formal death report, the individual’s name is Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot. He was a sub-ship pilot for the ship Yle’iasn and found dead in Landing Cave Six.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was looking over the details of the report she had sent him.
“Thank you for the report. I’ll contact you if I need anything more.”
Security Leader Yilnarm was standing at attention when he gave her the orders,
“Yes, sir, I understand and be well.” She left his office immediately.
Once he was alone, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn made a call to his Nam’Mok’nan.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, please come to my office.”
It did not take long for Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek to get there, as he stood at attention in front of his Pak’Nat,
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek reporting as demanded, sir.”
With everything happening within the glide, Hlbeetn mentally collected himself as he gave his second in command the report.
“Vi’nek, please sit down. There’s something I need to tell you. There’s been a murder in Landing Cave Six. I’m going to send you all the information I have at the moment on the case. You’re going to be in charge of finding out what happened.” And I’ll have to go to the Hall and tell the Regent Leader of At’lats what happened at the landing cave.
It took Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek a moment for the information to sink in. Murder of any type rarely ever happened on the ship.
“Sir, is it safe to assume you’ll want me to take control of the bridge while you go to the Hall to make a report?”
“You assumed right. Before I did anything, I wanted to let you know everything that was happening first.”
“Understood, sir.” Once the words left Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, the two of them left the of’fire office. As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn left Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek in charge of the bridge, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn left to go to the Meeting Hall of Contention. His goal was to see the Regent Leader of At’lats.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
By the time Pak’Nat Hlbeetn got to the Meeting Hall of Contention, he had developed a plan and had an idea of what he was going to say to the ship’s Regent Leader. All this as he approached the Entrance Protectors.
“Hello Entrance Protectors, I request entrance to the Meeting Hall of Contention. I need to speak to the Regent Leader of At’lats, personally.”
The male hair serpent watched Hlbeetn with a critical eye.
“Is that the only reason you wish to enter the Hall?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn knew he had to go through this procedure, yet sometimes these Hall procedures seemed a bit irritating. I’m sure it does to other people as well.
“Yes, speaking to Regent Leader of At’lats is the only reason I wish to enter the Hall. I’m not here to give a speech. This is something very different I need to do at the moment.”
The male Entrance Protector turned to his female colleague as Hlbeetn heard whispering between the two Entrance Protectors for a moment. Afterward, the male hair serpent stepped toward Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to let him know of their decision,
“You may enter the Hall.” As soon as the words left him, the two Entrance Protectors opened the doors to the Meeting Hall of Contention. The doors barely made a sound.
As Pak’Nat Hlbeetn entered the Hall, the first thing he noticed was how full it was at the moment with people. There was still room to move, though. He was looking and trying hard to find the Regent Leader of At’lats. It took him a moment, but when he finally saw the black moonstone hair serpent, he knew he had found her. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was able to make his way slowly through the crowd towards the Regent Leader of his ship. He could not help but be relieved when he finally reached her.
“Hello Regent Leader of At’lats.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats was reading something on a table when she looked up at the voice addressing her.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. How are you?”
“I’m good, thank you. Is there someplace we can speak privately?”
The Regent Leader of At’lats found herself both surprised and curious, as she gave herself a moment to think.
“Yes, I know of such a place here in the Hall. Follow me. I know of a part of the Hall that is rarely ever used.”
Hlbeetn followed without a word. Once they were at a bare corner of the Hall, the Pak’Nat of the At’lats began the conversation.
“Regent Leader of At’lats, the reason I’m here is to notify you of a dead body found at Landing Cave Six. We believe it may be murder.” Before he went any further, he waited to let the information sink in for her. Murders rarely ever happened on the At’lats.
Her only reaction was her eyes blinked quicker than average.
“I understand. Please continue.”
“The dead body found is a male white hair serpent with peridot scales. The current theory about how the person died is multiple scratches on his body with extensive blood loss and a broken neck.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats was silent for a moment as she slowly took in the information. Shock, that’s what this has to be. My reaction has to be shock! The next time she spoke, her voice sound eerily cold and calm as she asked Pak’Nat Hlbeetn her question.
“Do you know the name of this dead individual?”
The question took Pak’Nat Hlbeetn slightly off guard, even though he knew it should not have happened, as he looked over the details he had about the case.
“Yes, I do, his name is... was Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot of the ship Yle’iasn. According to my records, he was a sub-ship pilot.”
The procedures were running through The Regent Leader of At’lats’s mind.
“Thank you for coming to me with this information. I appreciate it a lot. I’ll notify the family while you do what you have to do. All I ask is to keep me updated with whatever you find out, please.”
Hlbeetn’s reply was a simple nod from her request.
“I’ll do everything in my power to keep in touch. Hopefully, together, we’ll be able to find out who the killer is on our ship.”


Chapter 8

Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was now back at his of’fire office and back at his desk. The corpse was currently being studied by a professional. Still, Hlbeetn wanted the body to be examined by someone with a unique skill. So he called the individual who came to mind,
“Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, I hope you’re doing well.”
The call shocked Sdon’çhy’ré, who was still in her office.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, hello. I’m doing very well, thank you.”
“Listener, the reason I’m calling is for help in a separate incident. We’ve found a dead body, and it’s currently at the Healing Cavern. A Pathological Examiner is studying at it at the moment. I know you have experience in the medical field. Therefore, I’m asking—not telling—you to assist as both a healer and a listener.”
The news someone had found a dead body shocked Sdon’çhy’ré.
“Yes, of course. I’ll help in any way I can to find the person who killed the poor individual.”
“Thank you, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. I appreciate this a lot.”
While she was listening to him, Sdon’çhy’ré was also getting herself ready to go to the Healing Cavern.
“As soon as I discover anything, I’ll contact you immediately. Until then, be well.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn knew she was fully capable of the job he asked of her, so hearing the words come from her made him feel a little better.
“Again, thank you, and be well.” In as few movements as possible, he both closed the call, then called Security Leader Yilnarm and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek to his office.
Both drak’tdons reported in the office at the same time, and both were standing at attention.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek reporting as demanded, sir.”
“Euit’Lant Ser’or Yilnarm reporting as demanded, sir.”
“This news I’m about to tell both of you is recent. We have moved a corpse, found in Landing Cave Six, to the Healing Cavern. A pathological examiner is going to study the body carefully along with Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. She will assist with her medical and listener knowledge. The Regent Leader of At’lats has agreed to notify the family of the dead individual so we can focus on finding the killer—if there is one—and bring the person to justice. As we all know, once the Regent Leader tells the family, the talk of murder will start all over the ship and eventually cross to the glide. We need to prepare for the public’s reaction and the news’ reaction as well. I need the two of you to work together to find the killer and capture whoever it is. Euit’Lant Ser’or Yilnarm, you will be in charge of the murder investigation and will answer to Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, you will monitor the military channels. If you suspect a riot, you can peacefully do whatever is needed to stop it, if possible. Questions?”
The answer came from both drak’tdons.
“No, sir.” Their answer was simultaneous.
Hearing the two of them answer his question told Pak’Nat Hlbeetn they understood everything that was happening.
“Hopefully, we won’t have any reaction from the public. If you both understand and accept your jobs, you’re both excused to leave and get back to the work you were doing on the bridge.”
“Thank you, sir.” The two drak’tdons left the office of their commanding of’fire so they could get started with their work.
Once Hlbeetn was by himself, he took a deep breath and a long sigh. An image of his dad popped into his head. Maybe I’ll go talk...no, I need to get out of that habit.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
In the Healing Cavern, Pathological Examiner Ral’ca was studying the dead body. She left the mental and social examination concept for Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. Pathological Examiner Ral’ca began making a report on the body with the time and date.
“People present in the Healing Cavern are Pathological Examiner Ral’ca and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. This is Pathological Examiner Ral’ca speaking. The file identification Alpha nine Zed two Beta seven Ypsilon four, the information on the military collar tag on the body is Tau-Gamma-Gamma-four-five-Kappa-La-Eta, also the person’s serial rank and name was Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot.” Pathological Examiner Ral’ca paused for a moment as she looked over the body carefully to make sure she gave a suitable medical description of the deceased. “It seems Rigor Mortis has set on random parts of the body.” She immediately looked under the deceased’s scales. “Under the scales, it seems Liver Mortis has already set. The deceased seems to be in his late 50s, height was approximately seventeen and a half meters, and the length was approximately forty-eight meters.” She moved closer to the deceased’s head and opened his eyes. “His eye color is totally white, with his pupils no longer visible. The hair serpent has had his hair cut along the middle of his neck. The only property that seems to be on his body is the ID tags. Nothing else is with him.” Pathological Examiner Ral’ca was studying the deceased’s scales when she began removing a few along the side of his body. “I am clearing away injured scales to see if scratches exist on the skin. I could not help but notice the deceased’s face and neck. Despite the markings along his body, the facial features were almost clean of scratches, yet the broken neck was full of scratches and blood.
“I am now looking at the results of the multiple body scans done to the deceased. The toxicology report came clean. According to the body scans and my findings, what killed this individual was the broken neck, though he would have bled to death in time. The scans give a detailed description of the scratches, showing proof of my findings.” The feathered serpent, Pathological Examiner Ral’ca, made the report with a steady, neutral voice. Her peridot eyes focused on her work. Her green opal scales needed a bit of shine, since she had been working too hard lately.
Off to the side, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had been quietly watching. Once Ral’ca finished… she stepped in to use her healer and listener knowledge for dual purposes,
“This is Listener Sdon’çhy’ré speaking. I am currently studying the body of Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot, and I can’t help but believe the scratches on the body may be because Rist Gis’ein Lud’e-cot may have fought to defend himself. Needless to say, he lost the fight, which is where he may have gotten the scratches.” The Listener slowly moved up to the head and the neck to get a closer look at the odd arrangement. “There is no doubt the broken spine from the neck killed this person. Perhaps making the person bleed to death was too slow for the killer.”
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca had been following the listener carefully to see if maybe she saw something the examiner did not.
“According to the tests we ran, the spine was broken along multiple vertebrae near the skull. There was no chance of survival. As for the scratches, he would have bled to death because of the placement and depth of the scratches—primarily along the chest, and the neck break simply made the job of killing him quicker. It is my conclusion this killer does not have any medical training. What do you think, listener?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré looked up at her co-worker.
“I agree. Whoever attacked this person didn’t have any medical training. We have the scratches as proof and the broken neck. This individual could have bled to death if the killer hadn’t broken this person’s neck. The broken neck simply made killing him quicker. The killer may or may not be a professional in his or her slaying field, considering our findings.” Sdon’çhy’ré’s hair along her neck shook and stood up a bit from her words.
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca’s reply was a nod.
“Thank you for your opinion. According to the combined opinions of Listener Sdon’çhy’ré and Pathological Examiner Ral’ca, Euit’Lant Al’tok-oop found a deceased body in Landing Cave Six on the ship At’lats. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn requested me, Pathological Examiner Ral’ca, to do this report with the assistance of Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. The scratches all over the body, which look like it may be a fight, are not what killed the individual. What seems to have killed this person is spine destruction. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, would you like to add anything to this report?”
“Yes, thank you, Pathological Examiner Ral’ca. My professional report will be my theory about this killer, who I also believe snapped the deceased’s neck to kill the individual. The scratches show the deceased attempted to fight off the suspect. Unfortunately, the suspect won. I believe the killer may be a mercenary because the killing style applied seemed like someone trained in fighting and killing, not medical training. The real question we need to ask is, why was this pilot killed? Ral’ca, if you don’t mind, I’d like for my report to be separate from yours.”
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca gave a nod to Sdon’çhy’ré’s request as she finished her own report.
“It is my conclusion the deceased died from trauma to the neck near the base of the head. The neck was twisted unnaturally by breaking the jaw. The manner of death seems to be homicide from the back of the head.”
“I understand Sdon’çhy’ré, and I’ll make sure our reports are separate.”
Sdon’çhy’ré picked up her own tablet.
“Thank you, I appreciate it.” She began recording her own work and took personal notes for her own report as she left the Healing Cavern.
Neither examiner said to be well. Then again, those in such fields did not bother each other with such formalities. They simply gave respect.
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca finished her work by freezing the body and finishing the report for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. Once she completed her documentation, she sent a full copy to the ship’s Pak’Nat. She could not help but feel relieved the autopsy was over.
~   ~   ~    ~   ~
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was still in his of’fire office when he got his copy of the autopsy report from Pathological Examiner Ral’ca. Immediately, he began reading and studying the information in the report. He looked over the entire document until he reached the end… he did not like the findings. He already partially knew the results of what the Pathological Examiner was going to say. Though what the listener had to say, he found quite disturbing as she spoke about the mental evaluation of the kill of the deceased. After he finished reading the report, he called Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Security Leader Yilnarm to his office.
Both drak’tdons reported to the of’fire office simultaneously, standing at attention.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek…”
“Security Leader Yilnarm…”
“Reporting as demanded, sir…” the two of them spoke at the same time.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn glanced up at them from the unique situation, Lhom, but that was so good it was eerie. He immediately began telling both drak’tdons the findings of the Pathological Examiner and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, along with the details of the type of killer.
While Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was talking, Vi’nek was mentally taking notes and making plans to find the killer. He held his attention to see if anything of what he heard may give him any ideas.
Security Leader Yilnarm was using her eidetic memory to listen and focus on every word that was said. During the time, she took mental notes on the attack along with the description of the type of killer to look for.
Once Pak’Nat Hlbeetn finished, he looked at both of them.
“You both have your orders. Now get to work and do what you must in order to sort out this mystery.”
Vi’nek made his way to one of the computer consoles; Yilnarm was not far behind him.
“Sir, if you are going to watch the security video of the landing cave, may I watch it with you?”
Vi’nek turned toward Yilnarm when he heard the question,
“I welcome it. An extra pair of eyes may see something the other might miss.” As soon as he found the video, he played it on the screen so both of them could watch it in full. Most of it was protocol work.
The two of them watched the video of sub-ships flying in and out of Landing Cave Six during the day.
“Landing Cave Six seems to be a hectic place,” it was Security Leader Yilnarm who spoke as they watched the video. “From what I can see, the killer could come from two places. The sub-ship would be a good hiding place, and the killer could come from the At’lats itself and board the sub-ship.”
Vi’nek was listening to her theory carefully before he said anything.
“I can see that Landing Cave Six is so busy it would be a good pick for the crime. No one would notice someone who should not be there, nor would anyone know of a killer’s whereabouts.”
The Security Leader nodded as she ran a scenario through her head.
“Perhaps the killer somehow knew where the target was going to land. Perhaps the killer planned on finding the target at the landing cave. The same landing cave in charge of holding the sub-ship the body was inside.” Both drak’tdons were silent for a moment as they tried to imagine what happened in the landing cave. That is, until Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek broke the silence.
“We need to find the mercenary who killed this individual and find out why. Right now, it seems our first step is to go to the scene of the crime, Landing Cave Six.”
Yilnarm could not help but agree with everything he said.
“Let’s go, sir.”


Chapter 9

Listener Sdon’çhy’ré found herself in the center of the phobia group in the Listening Cave. She was doing everything in her power to gain control of the group, especially since the five phobia patients had turned highly anxious. They were talking about the murder in Landing Cave Six among each other at the same time. In the end, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré ended up having to roar over everyone to gain some sort of control. Everyone in the phobia group went silent as all eyes were staring at the Listener.
“Now that I have everyone’s attention, could someone please tell me what you’re all talking about?” She already knew what the answer was going to be, but she wanted to hear someone say it out loud. She studied everyone’s reaction to who would speak first.
That ended up being La’iwi’lm. He somehow found the strength to be the first speaker.
“We were talking about the murder of a pilot.” His voice was shaking to the point everyone could hear a wavy sound to his speech.
Sdon’çhy’ré was working hard to control her reaction, though she knew she was probably showing a bit of surprise.
“How does everyone feel about this news? I’m asking the group as a whole and the individual within the group.”
Everyone could hear a shaking voice. It was Llim’eche who was trying to answer the listener’s question,
“That dead body could easily have been me since I’m also a pilot.” Her honey color hair shook along her neck as she spoke.
“When I heard of the death, I was at work.” This time the speaker was Da’an-am as she looked around the cave at everyone. “As a bibliotheca examiner, my job is to collect information. When I heard of the pilot murder, there were a variety of different stories. I wasn’t sure what story was real and what was a myth. The only truth I knew was a pilot had been murdered.”
La’iwi’lm was trying his best to at least look brave as he took his turn to speak.
“My job as a mentor has me teaching students to face their future without fear. Yet as everyone here knows, I have a problem with this same lesson since fear runs my life. My fear is of New Drak’Nat and news of this murder.” Everyone could see his whole body shaking while he admitted his unique teaching difficulty.
The last person to say anything was the one person who concerned Sdon’çhy’ré the most.
“La’iwi’lm, I thought you were doing much better with your phobia about New Drak’Nat.”
It took La’iwi’lm a moment to answer.
“I’m not as anxious as I was when I started the group… no. Though I know, I still have problems… a fear that I need to get past. I’m still not comfortable to go onto the planet yet.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré studied the entire group carefully. She found she was debating with herself about asking the next question.
“How does everyone else feel?”
Upon hearing that question, the entire phobia group silently looked at each other. It was Ki’sep who decided to speak up.
“I’m only assuming I’m speaking for the group that we’re slowly healing. The murder affected all of us in a certain way because those spreading the rumor have connected the murder to New Drak’Nat. But we don’t have any factual information.” As soon as they heard his words, the group could not stop their shuffling around.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré surveyed everyone there,
“Does everyone agree with Ki’sep’s words?” The only thing she saw was heads nodding, but no one spoke. “Alright. For the sake of everyone here in the group, let’s take a break. We can get back together in a bit and continue our discussion.”
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Both Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Security Leader Yilnarm had reached Landing Cave Six. After they scanned the area, they began looking for clues of any kind both inside the sub-ship where the crime took place and outside the sub-ship. Within the sub-ship, no one had cleaned off the blood yet, so they could still look at the blood splotches to analyze the situation and try to figure out how the murder may have happened. Both drak’tdons were silent while they worked. It was their way of showing respect for the dead. Though they did occasionally whisper to one another as they passed their thoughts to each other.
Security Leader Yilnarm ended up being the first one to break the silence.
“Sir, according to the blood marks on the pilot’s seat, it seems someone executed the kill in the area the pilot was sitting to control the sub-ship.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was still looking around the sub-ship while listening to her theory.
“I agree. While there is blood on other parts of the sub-ship walls, most of it is around the pilot’s seat, so it stands to reason the attack was there.” While he was talking, a message came from Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. He sent his Nam’Mok’nan a copy of the report from Pathological Examiner Ral’ca. After Vi’nek read the statement out loud, he looked up at Yilnarm. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
A nod came from the Security Leader.
“I suspected a broken neck killed the pilot, but I wanted verification before I said anything. There are scratches around the neck which explain the blood. Also, a broken neck explains why the head was in such an odd direction. It was abnormal. The report explains it all. With the artificial gravity within the sub-ship, the blood fell on the floor. It also landed on the wall, showing a struggle. This person fought for their life.”
Vi’nek listened to every word she said carefully.
“A military killer or a former military killer. Either would be dangerous.”
A silence developed between the two of them. They did not like the thought of someone in the military turning rogue and murderous. But they knew it was possible and had to take the idea into serious consideration. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek turned to Security Leader Yilnarm,
“I have to go. You continue what you’re doing. We can get together later and talk. Thank you for your help.”
“You’re welcome, sir.” Security Leader Yilnarm went back to work within the sub-ship as Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek left the landing cave. His destination was the Listening Cave.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
When Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek entered the Listening Cave, the first thing he could not help but notice was it was almost empty. The phobia group was leaving. There were only two patients left: Da’an-am and La’iwi’lm. As Vi’nek passed the two phobia patients, looking for Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, he greeted them with a nod.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was clearing the area the phobia group was at when she saw Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek approaching,
“Hello, how are you? How may I help?”
“Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, I’m well, thank you. I’m Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, I’m here because I read you were one of two people who wrote the report on the deceased from Landing Cave Six. I have a few questions about the deceased and your findings. Outside the Pathological Examiner’s findings, what do you think of the attack? Do you have any theories about the killer?”
The listener stopped what she was doing as she thought back on what she sent to the ship’s Pak’Nat.
“In my professional opinion, the way the pilot was attacked and killed showed the killer had military training. Whether the military training is current or previous is unknown, it was impossible to determine.”
The information disturbed Vi’nek, and it showed on his face.
“Thank you for telling me. A couple of us were suspecting the same thing. I was looking for verification. I have another question, of the people in the phobia group on the At’lats. Does any of them have military training?”
The hair on Sdon’çhy’ré’s back laid flat on her neck.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, you and I both know that information you are asking from me is private. Your Pak’Nat is fully aware of that mandate.” Her neck had gone straight as an arrow.
Vi’nek slowly backed up from her movement.
“Ma’am, the reason I am asking you for this information is that the pilot flew from the At’lats down to New Drak’Nat. He brought knowledge back to the At’lats, yet somewhere from flying to New Drak’Nat and flying back, someone killed him. That means someone had to know his flight schedule or could sneak into the landing cave and identify the correct sub-ship he would be in to kill him. You don’t have to give me details. Just the basics to help find the killer, please.”
It took Sdon’çhy’ré a moment to come up with an answer. Even then, she was slow to give the answer.
“There are a few people in the group with military training, yes. If you’re asking me if it’s possible for one of the phobia people to have military training and have enough self-control to fly down to New Drak’Nat with the pilot and back to At’lats to kill the pilot? It would be possible but highly unlikely since the germs, bacteria, etc. would stop anyone with advenagermenophobia from being an effective killer because of their fear of getting sick from the new planet. If we’re talking about someone without advenagermenophobia, then it would be totally possible for someone to be the killer. Though we would have to consider the reason ‘why’”
Vi’nek had been hanging on every word she said.
“Thank you for your help, listener. Security Leader Yilnarm and I were thinking something similar. It may be someone with military training. I have one more request from you. The people in the phobia group you know have military training… please observe them. Right now, the phobia group is under suspicion.”
While he was talking, Sdon’çhy’ré made mental notes of who within the phobia group may cause trouble, even though she knew others may be possibilities.
“I will contact you the moment I suspect someone of anything, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek.”
“Thank you.


Chapter 10

It was the next day in Landing Cave Eight, and two people found the body of a female feather serpent pilot… dead. There was almost no blood within her red and orange feathers or on top of her yellow scales, though the much more disturbing sight were her eyes. Someone had pushed it back inside her skull, so no one could see her eyes at all! The dead female seemed to be roughly fifty-six years old... quite young. The two people who found her looked her over. They noticed she was over fifty-seven meters high and thirty-nine meters long. Hers was a clean death but a death none the less.
That was running through the mind of Security Leader Yilnarm while she was speaking to the two individuals who found the body at Landing Cave Eight. The two people were a security individual and a civilian.
“Which one of you found the body?”
It was a flat black male wing who spoke up.
“I did, I’m Euit’Lant Doaw-hs. I was doing my security rounds when I came across the body and reported it immediately.” His yellow and green eyes focused on his commanding of’fire, Security Leader Yilnarm.
Something in the Euit’Lant’s words caught the Security Leader’s attention.
“This is the second time an of’fire has done the job of an el’listened, especially in the Landing Cave. Why?”
He could not help but shift around from under her scrutiny.
“Well, ma’am, there is a rumor going around that most of the meat has shifted to the civilians. So there is a shortage of meat for the military personnel, so we all have to work for any meat we eat. So I’ve been working extra time for more meat.”
Security Leader Yilnarm said nothing. Her only reply was a nod at the words. She then turned to the second person.
“What were you doing here at Landing Cave eight?”
The stranger stood at attention, as straight as possible.
“Hello ma’am. I’m retired Euit’Lant Lam-dae-ram. I heard the news of the other dead pilot in Landing Cave Six. So I volunteered my services as an extra guard, although a civilian guard, to help catch the killer.” After Lam-dae-ram finished his report, he remained at attention to wait and see if there would be any form of discipline.
Yilnarm’s only reaction was a nod.
“Right now, our interest is to catch a killer. If a civilian volunteer can help us, especially retired military, I welcome it. Euit’Lant Lam-dae-ram, what did you see?”
The white wing male that was Lam-dae-ram thought for a moment.
“Euit’Lant Doaw-hs and I were next to one another in guarding the landing cave until we heard a thump. Once that happened, he left my side. I held my post to stand guard. While I was by myself, I didn’t see or hear anything out of the ordinary. When Euit’Lant Doaw-hs returned, he told me of the body he found. That was when we contacted bridge security.”
Despite her perfect memory, Security Leader Yilnarm was taking notes on her tablet. Then she looked at Euit’Lant Doaw-hs,
“What happened while you were on your own?”
“When I heard the thump, I left my post to investigate. It was then that I found the dead body on the sub-ship. The sub-ship door was open, and the ramp was down. The eyes seemed to be pushed into the skull so severely that I couldn’t see it, and there was almost no blood in the area. Once my investigation was over, I returned to Lam-dae-ram and gave him a brief explanation. After that, we called you Security Leader.”
Once Euit’Lant Doaw-hs finished giving his report, Security Leader Yilnarm finished her work on her tablet.
“I have additional guards on their way to take your place since you’re both witnesses. When you both get home, I want you two to write-up a report of what you both witnessed and send it to me immediately. Is that understood?”
“Yes, sir.” The duo answered immediately as they began to put her word into action.
With that done, Security Leader Yilnarm left the duo and made her way into the sub-ship. It did not take long for her to find the crime scene and the body as she took her own notes. Not long afterward, the group composing of Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, and Pathological Examiner Ral’ca entered Landing Cave Eight. The pathological examiner was at the landing cave upon the Pak’Nat’s request. Security Leader Yilnarm walked up to them with a salute.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Am I right to assume you’re both here because of the dead body in the sub-ship?”
“Yes, what have you found so far?” The question came from Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek.
“I’m still working on a report, but my notes are on my tablet. The deceased seems to have been killed by her eyes being shoved within her skull so deep no one can see her eyes. There seems to be very little blood splatter visible to the area.”
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca had already started work while they were talking. She had started at the head of the corpse in order to study the strangeness of the lack of eyes, or at least how the eyes seemed to have disappeared by how deep someone pushed it into the skull. Pathological Examiner Ral’ca had to bend down to the skull in order to look into the eye sockets to get a good look. Another thing she noticed was how almost no blood was seen in the area. The pathological examiner had a theory, but she did not want to say anything until she saw the body at her workspace. She looked over the ID on the deceased’s collar when she heard Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek approaching.
Once they were inside the sub-ship, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was the first to speak.
“Has someone been able to identify the deceased yet?”
While he was talking, Pathological Examiner Ral’ca was looking at her tablet. It gave her the answers she wanted from the ID tag on the collar.
“The ID tag on the collar said the deceased’s name is Euit’Lant Rab’em of the ship, Syv’gar’tah. I’m currently trying to see if she has any family.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was next to Ral’ca as he looked around the sub-ship.
“Is it me, or is there something about the sub-ship that doesn’t feel right? Like maybe the killer is a different person, but the victim is the same type of person.”
Pathological Examiner Ral’ca turned his way when she heard him.
“You too? I was looking at how this person was killed and was comparing it to how the body at Landing Cave Six was killed. It seems it may be a different killer. There is a difference in blood loss in the same type of place. Those places being landing caves and sub-ships. The difference is killing styles, which makes me wonder if the killer is a different person or the same person, only more cunning.”
Hlbeetn did not like what he was hearing,
“So what you’re saying is this might be the work of an impersonator or some sort of imitator?”
“I don’t like the idea either, sir.” His second-in-command looked his way at the disturbing idea. “I have an idea. May I speak with you in secret, sir?”
Those words could not help but get Hlbeetn’s attention.
“Yes you may, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek.” The two top military drak’tdons made their way to a private area of the landing cave.
Once they were alone, Vi’nek told his senior of’fire his idea,
“Sir, if we knew the next schedule to New Drak’Nat, then we can set a trap for the next killer.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn listened carefully to Vi’nek. He liked what he was hearing,
“I like the sound of a trap for the killer, as long as we know the bait will be safe.”
Vi’nek nodded at his Pak’Nat’s request as he thought carefully of the person with the ability to assist them.
“There is a former pilot on the At’lats. She is currently studying to be in security like her parents. She would be perfect for the job.”
Hearing his Nam’Mok’nan’s words made him curious.
“Who is the former pilot? You said she wants to be in security like her parents. Who are her parents? Perhaps they trained her somewhat, or passed on some of their experience.”
Vi’nek had to think for a moment about how to explain the parents,
“Both her parents retired from the military. Her mother was Ket’ur the titanium and her father was Geer’Kru, the diamond. He was the Security Leader of the At’lats. The person I’m looking at being the bait is Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer, a tungsten wing. According to her file, she inherited her parents’ powerful personality, and she is a dangerous fighter. Between her training and her upbringing, I believe she’s perfect for the position.”
It was while they were in discussion that Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca approached them.
“My apologies for the interruption, sirs, but I just got word there has been another dead body found in Landing Cave Three!”
As soon as he heard the news, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn immediately took over.
“Thank you, Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca, for the message. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, I need you to stay here at Landing Cave Eight. You will supervise everything.”
Upon hearing the orders, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was at attention,
“Yes, sir. I will send timely reports.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn went to the computer on the wall and contacted Listener Sdon’çhy’ré.
“Hello listener, there’s been an emergency, and I need you to meet me at Landing Cave Three to act as Pathological Examiner.”
Without saying another word, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was on his way to Landing Cave Three. On his way to the landing cave, he contacted his old friend Pak’Nat Alcreob. It shocked Alcreob to hear from his friend, whom he had known as a youngling, if younger.
“Hlbeetn, hello. How are you?” He could not help but have a massive smile from seeing his old friend.
“Hi Alcreob, I wish this was a social call, but it’s military. We have three deaths, probable murders, on the At’lats. All of them were on sub-ships in different landing caves. Could you contact the other Pak’Nats and warn them not to go to New Drak’Nat till we’ve found the killer?”
It did not take long for Alcreob’s face to switch to a stern look after hearing the news.
“I’m on it right now. Good luck, old friend. If you need any more help, please don’t think twice about asking.”
Both drak’tdons closed the link at the same time.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Once Pak’Nat Hlbeetn bolted into the Landing Cave Three, the first thing he immediately saw was a dead male wing. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was already there, looking over the dead body, trying to figure out how the dead male wing died.
“Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. How long have you been in the landing cave?”
The question made the Listener pause for a moment from her work.
“Not long, just long enough to be impressed. This young pilot died fighting for his life, and he fought hard. Give me time, and I may know even more than I do now.”
Her words hit him.
“I see.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn watched the replacement guards appear not long after him. Two were at the door of Landing Cave Three to make sure the landing cave was secure. More guards were inside the landing cave to make it extra safe, and the sub-ship was secure, considering more deaths were happening on the ship. A guard explained it all to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
“There seems to be very little blood on the sub-ship.” Hlbeetn mentioned to Sdon’çhy’ré, “There was a similar situation in Landing Cave Eight, little to no blood.”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was still looking at the dead body. The only way she was showing she was paying attention was by a nod.
“According to the identification on the collar, the name of the deceased is Rist Gis’ein Te’ket’el, age fifty-two. From what I’ve seen so far, it looks like he died from a blow at the back of the head. This blow seems to have been at the base of the cerebellum. I’ll know more once I have the body moved, and I do an autopsy on it.”
Hlbeetn nodded. He did not like hearing the number of bodies rising.
“Thank you for everything you’re doing in helping us. Once you have all the information needed from the sub-ship, you may move the body so you can do the autopsy when you’re ready.”
More people came into Landing Cave Three to help study the crime scene while Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré spoke to each other. As Pak’Nat Hlbeetn watched everyone work, he went to one of the wall computers and contacted Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek,
“Hi Vi’nek, what have you found out so far from where you are?”
Vi’nek’s voice told Hlbeetn his second-in-command was not happy, like himself.
“Well, Sir, according to Pathological Examiner Ral’ca, considering the way the killer murdered the deceased, the killer pushed the eyes into the skull far enough to meet the brain. That is the current theory of death right now, so the killer, it seems, was a professional to kill in such a way to leave so little blood in the area. Though we still need tests to be done. What I don’t like is how the death of this pilot seems too similar to the first pilot that was killed, except for going to New Drak’Nat. There’s no connection.”
“I saw the similarity earlier with all three landing caves. All three had pilots who flew to New Drak’Nat, and when they returned, they were dead. Their only difference is the landing caves and how each pilot died. Right now, the working theory is different killers, though they may all be professionals. Except for the similarities we mentioned, it seems the three dead pilots may not have ever known each other.” Hlbeetn went quiet for a moment as he thought about everything they were discussing. “Vi’nek, let’s go with your idea of the bait. Contact the pertinent people to get the plan in motion and contact me when everything is ready.”
Without pausing, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was at attention,
“Yes, Sir!” Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek turned off the wall computer immediately.
While he was at the wall computer, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not waste any time, as he called Security Leader Yilnarm.
The tungsten female showed up on the wall,
“Hello, sir. How may I assist you?”
Hlbeetn updated her on Vi’nek’s plan. Once he finished updating her, he had one more thing to say.
“I’m at Landing Cave Three. This idea will take place in Landing Cave Nine.”
“Thank you for letting me know, sir.” Security Leader Yilnarm was already making preparations.
As soon as the words left her, Hlbeetn got a message from the Healing Cavern. It did not come by video, but by voice alone,
“I’m sorry for the interruption, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, but your father is in the Healing Cavern with Healer An’ebnal-le.”
Hlbeetn’s brain froze to a stop. What?
“Sdon’çhy’ré, I have to leave, personal emergency. You are in charge of the landing cave.”
Her time as a listener allowed Sdon’çhy’ré to recognize Hlbeetn’s anxiety.
“I understand, sir. Good luck with your personal situation. Be well.”
Hlbeetn was already out in the hallway and on his way to the Healing Cavern. He was in so much of a rush he finally remembered he had forgotten to contact the Regent Leader of At’lats of the recent deaths! While he could still collect his thoughts, he went to the wall computer to call her. Once she answered, he was talking faster than normal.
“Hello Regent Leader of At’lats, in Landing Cave Eight someone killed Euit’Lant Rab’em with her eyes pushed in her skull and in Landing Cave Three Euit’Lant Te’ket’el died from a blow at the back of the head.”
It took a moment for the Regent Leader of At’lats to understand him.
“Is something wrong Pak’Nat Hlbeetn?”
A long sigh escaped him.
“I’m sorry. I have a personal emergency, and I’m reporting to you on my way to the Healing Cavern.”
“Well, hurry to the Healing Cavern. I thank you for thinking of reporting this information to me on your way. I appreciate it. Good luck and be well.” She ended the transmission before he could say anything more.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
As soon as Hlbeetn bolted into the Healing Cavern, his eyes began darting around looking for his dad. As soon as he found him, he ran to his unconscious dad, who was on a divan. Hlbeetn froze as he saw medical wires and tubes hooked up all over his dad. It took the Pak’Nat of the ship At’lats all his military training to force the words to come out of his mouth.
“Healer An’ebnal-le, what is wrong with my dad?”
The red zircon healer was next to Hlbeetn’s dad, reading information on her tablet.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. Someone who wishes to remain anonymous, found your father, Hothshka, unconscious in the ship’s hallway. And that someone brought him here immediately.”
Hlbeetn was doing everything he could to hold himself together. His dad and his uncle were the only family he had.
“Do you know why my dad was unconscious in the hallway?” He could not stop the fear in his voice, which the healer could hear clearly.
Healer An’ebnal-le looked at the readings on her tablet.
“According to the readings, he has shortness of breath, body weakness and an irregular heartbeat. Do you know of any heart problems in his family history?”
It took Hlbeetn a moment to get his mind working. You’re Hothshka’s son! You need to keep yourself together! He had to swallow the saliva which had collected in his mouth.
“M-my father never knew his biological parents. All his clutch siblings died in their eggs. He was the only survivor and...” he had to swallow hard the bile in his throat in order to continue, “his foster parents raised him.” It was at those last words he remembered. I need to contact Uncle Bentleth.
Healer An’ebnal-le was recording everything as he spoke.
“I need to take blood samples of your father. The blood tests will help discover if his problem is a heart problem, a lung problem, or something else. Do I have your permission to draw his blood to run the tests?”
Hlbeetn almost could not talk, but he knew he had to say something, so he forced a sound as he nodded.
“Yes, do what you must in order to help him.”
Once the Healer heard Hlbeetn’s words, she started pulling samples of Hothshka’s blood. Once she felt she had the amount of blood she needed, she began to run the blood through the different medical tests.
“According to the computer, your father’s blood is dangerously low on oxygen and very high in carbon dioxide. Right now, it looks like there may be a problem with the lung affecting the heart.”
Hlbeetn said nothing. He only nodded as he contacted his uncle on the Hoard ship to let him know everything that was happening. It surprised his uncle to hear from him.
“Hlbeetn, how are you… what’s wrong?” His uncle could see something was bothering his nephew simply by looking at him.
“Hi Uncle Bentleth, I wish I was calling under better conditions, but this is an emergency. Dad is at the Healing Cavern. Someone found him unconscious. The healer believes that because of the blood test, it may be a lung problem that’s affecting his heart.”
His uncle’s face went blank for a moment before Bentleth said anything.
“Hlbeetn, remember I’m nearby on the Hoard. I’m on my way to the At’lats and I’ll meet you at the Healing Cavern. Soon.”
Before Hlbeetn could do or say anything, his uncle cut the transmission immediately.
Healer An’ebnal-le had kept her distance to give Hlbeetn some privacy. Once his call was over, she approached him.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, I have new information about your father. It seems your father has become unstable. Has your dad mentioned to you any medical problems?”
There was something about the question which shook Hlbeetn.
“N-n-no. Dad mentioned nothing to me about any medical problems. He knew my job position and everything it p-pertained.” He could not help but think back on the stories his dad had told him of Hothshka’s time as Pak’Nat.
Healer An’ebnal-le was listening to Hlbeetn carefully.
“It may be possible your father was keeping information from you because he has experience in your job.”
Before Hlbeetn could say anything, his Uncle Bentleth rushed into the Healing Cavern, and out of breath,
“Hlbeetn, I’m here! How are you doing?”
Hlbeetn’s body was already shaking, and his mind was in a frenzy. It took all the control he had over himself to keep himself together.
“I’m okay, Uncle Bentleth. Thanks for asking.”
Bentleth could see the emotional state his nephew was in.
“Hlbeetn. Go. To. Work. You have a lot you need to do for the At’lats and the glide. I’ll stay here with Hothshka, and if anything happens, I’ll call and notify you.”
At that moment, it took all the self-control Hlbeetn had to take deep breaths so he could calm down.
“Thanks, Uncle Bentleth. I appreciate it.” It was then Hlbeetn turned to Healer An’ebnal-le.
“Healer, this is my Uncle Bentleth and my dad’s brother. He knows much more than myself about dad’s medical history so he can answer any medical history questions. My uncle can also make all the medical decisions.” Before anyone could say anything else, Hlbeetn was out the door and into the hallway. He was on his way to the bridge when he stopped himself. He had an idea which brought him to the wall computer and made a call. “Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, do you have an update on getting your idea in order?”
“Sir, I’m currently in Landing Cave Nine and working on getting everything together to get my idea in motion. I estimate within a few hours, we’ll be ready to get started.”


Chapter 11

In the time it took for Hlbeetn to get into the Landing Cave Nine from the Healing Cavern, he finally got himself together. He was looking around the landing cave for Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. His second-in-command was not far away as he approached him.
“Hello, Vi’nek. What is the procedure for your plan you mentioned?” In the distance, he could see a blue-gray tungsten wing female, preparing for something. That must be Geer’Kru’s daughter Vi’nek mentioned. It took Hlbeetn a moment to remember her name... Ruk’Eer.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek stopped talking to the tungsten female and walked up to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Hello, Sir. I’m currently working on setting the trap I mentioned. Allow me to introduce you to the person who has agreed to help us. This is Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer.”
The blue-gray tungsten female wing Vi’nek mentioned approached Hlbeetn. Her dark gray-black tungsten eyes looked straight at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. Hlbeetn could see she was young, roughly sixty-four years old, yet she was almost pure muscle. “Sir, she has been told the plan. Fly to New Drak’Nat like the other pilots and collect information like the other pilots. The difference will be her combat skills once whoever tries to attack her.”
Hlbeetn’s gaze never left Ruk’Eer during Vi’nek’s update,
“Thank you for what you’re doing. I appreciate it.”
“I’m honored to help, sir. Anything I can do to help catch this killer.” She continued to stand at attention.
One of the el’listened personnel in the landing cave whispered something to Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Whatever was said made the second-in-command take over the situation.
“Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer, we have everything ready for you to go into the sub-ship. When you are ready, you can enter the sub-ship and start our plan.”
All she did was nod as she silently went inside the sub-ship without making a sound.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek turned to his commanding of’fire,
“Sir, the moment the sub-ship starts, we’ll be monitoring her movements from the At’lats to New Drak’Nat and back to the ship. Just as we planned.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn remained silent. He only nodded while he watched everyone move to their respective place to get Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek’s plan started.
Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer started the sub-ship and slowly began the flight to New Drak’Nat. During the flight, she audibly recorded any planet information she saw. She was able to reach the surface and land with no problem. Once she exited the sub-ship, she began collecting samples of plants, soil, etc. Once she got back in the sub-ship and sat down, she took off and flew back to the At’lats. She did all her work in silence while, simultaneously, the sub-ship’s computer was scanning the workspace within the small sub-ship. During that time, the closet door slowly opened.
A dark smoky gray male wing had been hiding in there for a while. The male wing was fifty-three point nine meters tall and thirty-five and six meters long of solid muscle! Without making a sound, he approached Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer from the back as he studied his target.
Ruk’Eer knew there was someone behind her. She could see the dark gray wing from the glass shield of the sub-ship. She was waiting to see what he was going to do before she decided on her next move.
The dark gray wing who called himself The Shade was ready to collect his target. From her back, he attempted to attack her side as he aimed for her lung. He went for a bite on the spine close to the head.
Ruk’Eer was ready for some sort of attack. So, in one fluid motion, she blocked the attack to her lungs with one of her claws. She struck her target’s snout as she turned to face him. Taking advantage of the situation, she aimed her other front claw at her attacker’s temple, attempting to knock him out. The Shade dodged the attack, barely. As the two drak’tdons faced each other, Ruk’Eer stood sideways and watched him. The attacker lunged at her head for another attack. Ruk’Eer flicked her tail up towards his head with a strike in one fluid movement, then reared up and twisted her body. The Shade fell to the ground with a thump. As she landed on all four legs, Ruk’Eer went after his neck with her jaw while one of her claws grabbed his head and slammed it into the floor of the sub-ship to knock him out. During the entire fight, the sub-ship was on auto-pilot.
When the Shade felt himself get hit in the snout, the one word that flew through his head was ‘shock.’ He never expected the target to fight so hard and to have such a devastating punch. When he got the second punch in the temple, he did not have time for a reaction or a thought. He simply blacked out and fell to the floor.
Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer began working fast as she could, grabbing some thick cord and began tying her attacker so he would not be able to move. Once she was sure he was securely in place, she quickly got back in the pilot’s seat.
“This is Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer calling the At’lats. I have the target. I repeat, I have the target.” While she flew back to the At’lats, she monitored she monitored her dark gray attacker, who was still asleep from being knocked unconscious. He did not move during the flight to the At’lats.
It was Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek at Landing Cave Nine who answered back,
“Bring the sub-ship in as we planned. We have a place for the individual.” He continued to monitor the sub-ship to make sure there were no problems for Ruk’Eer’s craft to reach the At’lats.
When the sub-ship landed in Landing Cave Nine, Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer left the sub-ship and made her way down the ramp and towards Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek,
“I tied the person up in the sub-ship and he is still unconscious. Where is the place you want him to be taken to?”
Before Vi’nek could answer, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn answered her question,
“Security Leader Yilnarm has a security cage ready. You’re to follow for extra security.”
“Yes, Sir.” Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer immediately went back inside the sub-ship to retrieve the tied body, and with some assistance from Security Leader Yilnarm, brought him out into Landing Cave Nine. Security Leader Yilnarm was next to her if the person woke up. Along with the two females were Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. The four of them locked the individual inside the security cage with Vi’nek as a guard, a standard operating system. Security Leader Yilnarm searched the individual, The Shade, and found him clean of any weapons. After she finished, the females replaced Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek as guards at the security cage door.
When Pak’Nat Hlbeetn turned around, it shocked him to see Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had somehow found her way to the security cage.
“Hello listener, I’m surprised to see you here.”
“News travels fast, especially when it’s about a pilot defeating her attacker. I had to come see how much of the story was truth.” Listener Sdon’çhy’ré looked through the security cage window, which allowed them to see into the cage that held the prisoner, who was slowly waking up.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked at the group he had with him.
“Alright, everyone, let’s go inside.”
All five drak’tdon walked into the security cage. Security Leader Yilnarm and Euit’Lant Ruk’Eer were acting as security as they stood next to the prisoner to make sure the prisoner could not fight back or escape. Listener Sdon’çhy’ré knew how she was going to help, so she kept in the background as much as possible. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek were in charge of the questioning of the poisoner.
“Hello, I’m Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, and the reddish-brown wing is my second-in-command, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. The females next to you… you don’t want to make angry. For the record, what is your name?”
With Listener Sdon’çhy’ré standing behind everyone, she was in a useful spot to watch the scene play out. She could watch both Hlbeetn and Vi’nek ask questions to find out if this person was the killer of the other pilots or if he knew the killer, and if so, what the killer’s name would be. Why work for the killer? Everyone could not help but notice, but as the questioning continued, the individual continued to stick to his story. He only knew who hired him for one job. He knew nothing about the death of the other pilots. The only thing he knew was the assignment which someone paid him to do.
“Alright, who paid you, and do you know why?” This time, the speaker was Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. And he was getting extremely aggravated with this back-and-forth game.
The dark gray person being questioned began looking at the people across from him.
“I’m sorry, but I refuse to answer your question because of client privilege… to my client. I don’t know if you’re aware of this, but it is a business policy.” The dark gray person’s face was almost like stone, with one exception. As he spoke, one of his eyebrows slightly moved.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek’s only reply was a head nod.
“Let me change things around. Can you tell me, what is your name?”
The dark gray male thought for a moment before his answer.
“I can answer that question.” He nodded for the first time.
Everyone looked at each other, shocked. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was the first to break the silence.
“Well? What is your name?”
The dark gray male could not help but grin... barely.
“What is your name?”
During the entire time of the questioning, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was still standing in the background, listening and watching the situation play out. To the untrained eye, the person being questioned seemed calm and confident. In her opinion, the person being questioned was uneasy and was attempting to hide his feelings through adequate acting. As quietly as she could, she whispered her ideas to both Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. The two head drak’tdons listened to her words as she heard whispers between them. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek had an idea as he contacted Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca,
“I need your help in identifying a person we’ve captured. The individual is a male wing civilian. His size is approximately fifty-three point nine meters tall and thirty-five point six meters long. He has yellow-green eyes and dark gray scales. His age seems to be in the late 80s to early 90s. Please contact me when you have any information.”
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca was already working as fast as she could. She had a bad feeling about this individual. She knew she had orders to find information on this individual fast, especially since she knew what her superiors were doing at the moment.
“Sirs, I believe I’ve found his identification! According to my findings, he’s a dark gray male wing who is a mercenary. We don’t have a name for him. He simply goes by ‘The Shade.’ That’s the only alias we have for him. We have many deaths believe to be tied to him, but no one has proven anything against him.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek had been listening carefully to everything she said.
“Thank you, Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca. Your help in this matter is very much appreciated.” He turned his attention back to the dark gray male wing. “Are you the person known as ‘The Shade?’”
The dark gray male froze for a moment upon hearing the question.
“Interesting name.” His words almost came out as a growl.
It was Listener Sdon’çhy’ré who leaned over so only the head military drak’tdons could hear what she had to say.
“From what I’ve read of his body language and verbal signal, he has been telling you the truth. He goes by the alias ‘The Shade’, though he is good at hiding those signals. I had to concentrate on seeing them.”
As soon as he heard her impression of the individual, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn turned to Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and whispered,
“The information you have, what does it have to say about the Shade?” He kept his eyes on the Shade despite the security of the room and the people with them.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek did not waste a moment to read the information on his tablet,
“Sir, the Shade is a mercenary listed for countless alleged work. But none of them have stuck to him.”
It was hearing those words that gave Pak’Nat Hlbeetn an idea.
“We can use the cameras hooked up to the computer to follow the Shade. We can see who he spoke to before the attack on the sub-ship to find out who made the request.”
Those words had Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek thinking,
“Sir, I believe I know someone perfect for the job. I’ll see everyone later. I need to meet someone who has both camera and computer skills. Be well.” He quickly stood up and left the cave with the perfect person in mind as he made his way down the hallway. He had to go to the wall computer to see if she was still working or was at her personal cavern. According to the computer, she had retired to her personal cavern. He made his way to his destination and knocked on the door.
It was Nih’cet’lca who answered the door.
“Hello Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. What brings you to my personal cavern?”
“Hello Rist Gis’ein, may I enter your personal cavern? I need to discuss something with you that is of the highest secret.” Vi’nek was doing everything he could to keep his voice at a whisper, so only they could hear each other.
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca said nothing as she moved aside to let Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek enter her personal cavern,
“Sir, may I ask why you’re here? Is something wrong?”
Vi’nek quickly entered her personal cavern. Once he shut the door, he answered her question.
“My apologies for coming. I’m here because of this.” Vi’nek showed Nih’cet’lca a picture of the Shade on his tablet from the security cage. “This is the individual you sent information to me earlier. I need your help with your computer and camera talents to get me detailed information, anything you can find on him. I need you to send it to me as soon as possible.”
Up to that point, Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca had been silently standing in place, listening to her superior of’fire. Though she had a few questions to do her job correctly,
“Request permission to ask a few questions, sir.”
A nod came from Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek,
“Yes, you may.”
“Sir, I have two questions. Does this have anything to do with the death in Landing Cave six? How far back do you want me to go to this person’s history?”
“Yes, it has something to do with the Landing Cave Six incident.” Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek answered her question, “As to how far back you need to go… until you know who paid this mercenary to kill.”
Something moved behind Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca’s eyes. Was that understanding? Determination? Both? It was hard to tell. But she showed all the traits in her response.
“I understand, sir. Please understand I will need extra time for this job, away from my usual duties. This will be for an unknown time. But know I will contact you as soon as possible once I have something, any form of information.”
Vi’nek could not help but smile upon listening to her words.
“I understand, and thank you. I know I came to the right person for this job. Be well.” With those words, he left her personal cavern.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
It was three days later, and Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was at his of’fire office. His dad was still in the Healing Cavern. Hlbeetn was working hard on trying and staying distracted. That was when he heard a knock on the door.
“Enter.” His eyes remained on his computer screen when Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek entered his office.
Vi’nek had a brisk step as he walked inside.
“Hello, sir. I have new information for you on The Shade. I sent it to your computer.” He did not move from his spot across from Hlbeetn’s desk.
It did not take long for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to pull up the information while Vi’nek was talking. Hlbeetn briefly looked over the material. He could not help but notice the video, which was the first thing he looked at. While he watched the short video, there was a report as well about what happened in the video. In the video, Eyj’frfe and The Shade were together, and Eyj’frfe was paying The Shade to do a job… with meat!
“Two things. One, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, good work. Whoever assisted you in getting this information, please congratulate them on me. Two, we need to get Eyj’frfe for questioning. He’s a former Regent Leader. He can’t use his status to say he doesn’t have to do what we say. Considering the situation, he has to come when summoned now.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was working on his tablet, which he seemed to always keep with him. As soon as he finished sending his Pak’Nat’s orders through the tablet, he looked back at his commanding of’fire,
“I currently have the people moving to get him, sir. Request permission to leave, so I may continue monitoring the bridge.”
“Permission granted.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had other things on his mind. So he called Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, the only person he knew would have the information he needed. “Hello Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. Have you heard of a person called Eyj’frfe? We must speak to him for questioning. We believe he may be part of the killing of the three pilots that have gone down to New Drak’Nat and returned to the At’lats.”
It took Sdon’çhy’ré a moment to collect herself, especially when she heard the military wanted one of her patients to be questioned for the three killings.
“Yes, I know of Eyj’frfe.”
“Please, I would appreciate anything you can tell me about him.” Hlbeetn began silently praying to the Divine One that she would not start talking about confidentiality again.
Sdon’çhy’ré could feel her mind being pulled in two. From a distance, she saw herself answer Hlbeetn’s question.
“He has difficulty controlling his fear, though he hides it with false confidence as he attempts to manipulate other people with their fear.”
Once he heard those words, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn had to think for a moment. He did not like hearing such a person was on his ship.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had been doing everything in her power to prepare herself for this, but it did not help. She swallowed down her conscience as she sent the requested information.
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, I sent the file.”
Hlbeetn opened the file and glanced at the information.
“Thank you, I know this wasn’t easy for you, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. I appreciate everything you have been doing to help us. Again, thank you and be well.” Hlbeetn ended the transmission. There were two more things he had to do. He quickly called Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and let him know of the information he had on Eyj’frfe. The next thing he did was, he left his of’fire office, and he went back to the Healing Cavern to see his dad.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
As soon as Hlbeetn walked inside the Healing Cavern, his heart was pounding outside his chest as he looked around for his dad and uncle. He saw his uncle looking after his dad, who was sleeping at the moment. Hlbeetn walked up to his uncle as quietly as he could.
Hlbeetn could see how tired his uncle was from how heavy Bentleth’s eyes had become. When Bentleth answered the question, he sounded as tired as he looked.
“Your dad was awake earlier. So far, he seems to be doing well. Healer An’ebnal-le has been monitoring Hothshka. She said she’ll know more after the results of some tests come in.” Bentleth seemed to relax, if only a bit, since his nephew had come to the Healing Cavern.
Hlbeetn looked around the Healing Cavern for the healer.
“Uncle Bentleth, where is Healer An’ebnal-le?”
His uncle pointed towards some of the other patients.
“She’s looking at some of her other patients while waiting for your dad’s test results through the computer. Once we knew the test results, I was planning on contacting you. Which reminds me, how is your work?”
Hlbeetn could feel some of his stress disappear from just hearing the question.
“Uncle Bentleth, thank you for your help with dad. While you’ve been here at the Healing Cavern, we’ve been able to find a person for us to question whom we believe we connected to the mercenaries who killed the pilots in the landing caves. Our goal is, we hope, to find the person connected to all the murders.” Hlbeetn was trying to unwind, but was failing at the moment.
Bentleth had been listening to his nephew talk, and a grin could not help but appear on his face.
“Hlbeetn, you remind me of your dad.”
Bentleth’s words shocked Hlbeetn, as the young drak’tdon froze in place.
“I what?”
“During the illegal meat market, as I’m sure you remember from the stories, criminals used meat for money. But another part of the problem was trying to figure out why the meat was not going where it should, to the people. It sounds like you might have a similar problem, even if a little.” Bentleth watched his nephew.
Hlbeetn nodded as he listened to his uncle’s words.
“Yes, Uncle Bentleth, I can see a slight similarity. But, dad’s meat situation affected people to the point of civilians being able to eat. My meat situation is only about meat being used to pay mercenaries, and I need to find out who the payer is, why, and to what end.”
“Hlbeetn, remember I used to be Pak’Nat of my ship, just like your dad. If you have questions, I can help.”
Hlbeetn looked back and forth between his dad, then at his uncle. He was comfortable talking to his dad about his problems first and his uncle’s second. But he had a bad feeling he was going to have to get used to this new situation.
“Uncle, we’ve captured a mercenary and found out who hired him. We still need to find out if there are other mercenaries or if this person works alone. The mercenary, The Shade, is a professional at his job. He knows how to dodge questions. I’m not sure whether to use an Advocate before the mercenary’s own advocate appears.”
Bentleth had been listening to his nephew. Everything Hlbeetn had been telling him had sounded too familiar.
“It sounds to me you need to be smart about this case. Any evidence you have, use it against this mercenary. Whatever the question, repeat it. Every time you repeat the question, twist the words around. You need to do this to create confusion.”
It was while nephew and uncle spoke that Healer An’ebnal-le joined them.
“Hello everyone. I have a question, and I need both of you to answer. Did Hothshka ever mention feeling ill?”
Hlbeetn had to stop and think for a moment. It had been a while since he saw his dad, and that was before his dad was in the Healing Cavern.
“Before the Healing Cavern, the last time I saw Dad was at his personal cavern a few days ago. He seemed fine. He was in good spirits, and he didn’t mention any problems to me, not medical or otherwise.”
While Hothshka was talking to the healer, Bentleth was debating with himself. He knew he had to answer that question, but to say anything would violate his brother’s trust.
“Yes. Hothshka told me he hadn’t been feeling very well. He had been feeling hot and cold, back and forth. For some strange reason, his muscles were sore for no reason at all, and he slept a lot because he always felt tired.”
While they were talking, Healer An’ebnal-le was recording everything she heard from both uncle and nephew.
“The test results came in. Hothshka’s immune system is slowly shutting down for reasons unknown. So far, the immune system in his blood is attacking parts of his body that make up the immune system.”
It took a moment for Bentleth to understand what he heard. It took longer to speak.
“I’ve never heard of a body not being able to protect itself medically.”
Healer An’ebnal-le lowered her tablet. For a moment, everyone in the room was silent as the healer thought carefully about what she was going to say.
“Right now, I only have a theory. That theory is of the ship’s filters. Viruses can’t dissipate within an atmosphere as if we were on a planet. These viruses aren’t being cleaned by the ship’s filters for whatever reason. Instead, the viruses are mixing as we travel from ship to ship. I hate having to use this word, but in the end, it has created a super virus. It looks like Hothshka may have this super virus. Right now, I’m praying I’m wrong with this theory.”
Hlbeetn was barely listening. Like his uncle, he was still trying to process the information he heard.
“Healer, do you know if there might be a medical procedure to help my dad fight this super virus?”
Healer An’ebnal-le already knew the answer, but telling it wasn’t easy.
“There is a different procedure to treat each individual virus that appears to have mixed to make this super virus. The major problem is the immune system, which is slowly shutting down. With no immune system, there’s no way to heal the body except to do nothing or put it in a state of physical shock.”
Both Bentleth and Hlbeetn stood there in silence, staring at the healer. Neither one knew what to say as they listened to the healer’s idea of putting the body of Hothshka in physical shock. Slowly, the two drak’tdons looked at each other as they attempted to think of something to say. Unfortunately, nothing would come to either of them.
The reaction Healer An’ebnal-le saw was familiar to her among a lot of families visiting the healing cavern.
“I can see the two of you have some talking to do. I’ll step away to give you both some privacy.” She walked away to work.
Hlbeetn called the healer back before she could go very far.
“Healer, wait, please.” Hlbeetn was doing everything he could to find the right words for what he was thinking. “Are you saying no matter what we do, my dad may die?”
Healer An’ebnal-le froze in her steps as she turned around to face the two male drak’tdons. Despite her job, telling people their loved ones were going to die was never easy.
“I don’t want to give you any hope. The outlook doesn’t look good right now, no matter what treatment we use. There is one treatment we could use to prolong your father’s life, but that’s all it’ll do. In the end, the super virus will take him. Despite what I said, I will continue to study and work on saving his life.”
For a moment, Hlbeetn could not move. He had to swallow down bile before he could speak again.
“Th-thank you, healer, for everything you’re doing. We appreciate it. May we please have some privacy?” Hlbeetn was doing everything he could to collect his thoughts.
“Of course.” Healer An’ebnal-le left and went to a cave to go see some of the other patients.
Bentleth finally broke his silence as he looked at his nephew.
“Do you have an idea?”
Hlbeetn was doing everything in his power to keep himself together,
“This is dad’s life. We don’t have any right to decide with him still unconscious. He should be awake as we talk about this.”
Bentleth could not help but agree. “You’re right. Hothshka is sleeping right now. He’s not dead, nor is he in a coma. We need to let him know everything the healer has told us and then let him decide what to do about his life. We’ll talk to him when he wakes up.”
While Bentleth was talking, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek arrived in the healing cavern,
“Sir, my apologies for the interruption. May I speak with you?”
“Don’t worry about your dad. I’m not going anywhere. You worry about your ship.” Bentleth’s words were barely above a whisper to his nephew.
Hlbeetn could only give a nod to his uncle as he approached his second-in-command.
“What is it Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek?”
Vi’nek’s reply was brisk,
“Sir, it’s both good news and bad news. Could we be someplace a bit more… private?”
Hlbeetn escorted Vi’nek to an empty cave nearby,
“What is it?”
“The good news is, we’ve found Eyj’frfe, and we have him in our possession. The bad news is he has an advocate, and the advocate is with him right now, sir.”
Hlbeetn felt like something had hit him in the face, and then that something had hit him in the chest,
“Uncle Bentleth, I need to get to work. Please, talk to dad, and if he wishes it, make it medically possible so that dad can see New Drak’Nat.”
The elderly haired serpent gave Hlbeetn a simple nod.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be here with your dad when he wakes up, and I’ll explain everything to him. You do what you need to do.”
This was the first time in his life Hlbeetn felt torn between his personal duties and duty to his job. For just a moment, he shut his eyes, as he mentally argued with himself about what he knew he had to do.
“Thank you, Uncle Bentleth, for everything you’re doing.” After he spoke, he had to force himself to leave the healing cavern. As Pak’Nat, he knew he had a job to do, and he had to do it. As a son, leaving his dad in the healing cavern was the most challenging thing he ever done in his whole life.


Chapter 12

Both Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek returned to the security cage as they appeared inside the enclosure. They saw Eyj’frfe sitting at the table with his advocate sitting next to him. So Pak’Nat Hlbeetn and Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek sat across from them. Out of everyone there, it was Pak’Nat Hlbeetn who broke the silence,
“Hello, everyone. For those of you who don’t know either of us, I’m Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, and the wing drak’tdon next to me is Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek.”
The female wing in front of them had jasper scales. Her citrine eyes could nearly bore holes into them.
“I’m Advocate Tye’ve’te. I’m here to represent Eyj’frfe. Now, why was my client brought in?” She seemed to be unshakable.
It was Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek who answered the question,
“We have a witness who named your client as the person in charge of the pilots’ deaths. These are the same pilots who flew to and from New Drak’Nat. The witness also went to New Drak’Nat and returned to the At’lats.” He kept his voice neutral.
Eyj’frfe nearly jumped away from the table,
“I did nothing of the sort!”
His advocate turned to him,
“Be quiet!” She turned to the two military drak’nats in front of her. “So what’s the difference?” Advocate Tye’ve’te could not help but be curious about where this talk was going.
“In the last trip, the pilot fought back, survived, and gave us the attacker. The attacker named your client as the person who hired him.” While he spoke, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek had kept his voice neutral the whole time.
The advocate was acting cool as well,
“This witness you spoke about. How did you get the information from this person? Was this person coerced? If so, then we all know the information is invalid.”
This time Pak’Nat Hlbeetn spoke up.
“Considering the way we gained the information, it is totally valid.”
The advocate jumped on the information,
“What you say means nothing without proof. You seem to enjoy acting like a dictator by assaulting civilians, having witnesses say anything for some sort of reward. I want my client out of here!”
Without warning, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek jumped to his feet, ready to defend his Pak’Nat. As calmly as possible, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn stopped him by placing a claw on Vi’nek’s arm, so the advocate would not legally charge either of them.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn gave the advocate a bit of a reminder,
“Advocate Tye’ve’te, please keep in mind one crucial thing. According to glide law, when a crime has happened to military personnel, it becomes a military case. That means since the deaths have happened to military personnel, no matter if it’s on this ship or off, the case comes to us, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and myself. According to glide law, since this is a military case, we handle the civilians the same as we do the military personnel. I’m sure you’re aware of this law.”
Upon hearing those military edicts, the winged advocate immediately straightened herself up.
“I am well aware of the law you mentioned. I believe that despite the glide law, people still deserve advocate protection!”
Before the next person could speak, there was a knock at the door. It was Vi’nek who got up to answer it. On the other side was Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca,
“Hello, Sir. May I speak with you privately?”
Vi’nek could not help but be curious about what this was about. He left the security cage and was back in the hallway to see what she had to say.
“What is it?”
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca held up her tablet.
“Sir, on this tablet, there is a video of each pilot’s death. The video also shows the face along with the ID of the mercenary. Sir, the information here doesn’t connect Eyj’frfe yet. I’m currently working on a monetary connection between the mercenary and Eyj’frfe.”
While she was talking, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek had been listening closely to every word she said.
“I’d still like that tablet, please.”
“Yes, sir.”
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca gave the handheld computer to him immediately.
“Thank you for this information and your hard work. I appreciate it. Be well.” Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek immediately turned around and went back into the security cage, and showed the information to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked over the information on the tablet before he turned back to the advocate.
“Under Listener Sdon’çhy’ré’s statement, Eyj’frfe is to stay on the At’lats for therapy.”
Advocate Tye’ve’te could not help but watch Pak’Nat Hlbeetn with a heavy dose of caution,
“My client is already on the At’lats to stay for his procedures. Is he now going to be monitored?”
Hlbeetn had been doing his breathing technique during the session in order to stay calm.
“Advocate Tye’ve’te, we currently don’t know who hired those mercenaries. We have suspects who need to be monitored. With no exceptions.”
The advocate gritted her pointed teeth. Not something easy to do for their people.
“This is outrageous! Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, I will fight you in court over these restrictions!”
All he did was look at her. Pak’Nat Hlbeetn simply sat there, watching her as she spoke.
“Go ahead if you want to fight this. Just remember, this case is military. How much experience do you have with military cases?” His voice never raised above a conversation. “Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, we’re leaving.”
“Yes, sir.” Both drak’tdons stood up without saying a word to the advocate as they left the security cage.
Before Pak’Nat Hlbeetn got too far down the hallway, he stopped at the Listening Cavern to speak to Listener Sdon’çhy’ré.
“Hello listener,” it was Pak’Nat Hlbeetn who greeted her, “I wanted to come and thank you for your help in the dead pilots’ case. Especially now that we’re finished for now.”
“You’re very welcome, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I’m glad I could help. Please be well.” The listener ended her reply with a slight nod as he left the cave.
The two top drak’tdons of the At’lats continued their walk towards the bridge.
Security Leader Yilnarm was at her post on the bridge. She could not help but notice on her screen that the two drak’tdons were currently in the hallway.
“Hello, sirs. I overheard your discussions in the security cage. I have added more people to work on the case.”
“Thank you, Security Leader Yilnarm.” Despite the mental exhaustion Pak’Nat Hlbeetn felt, he knew there was still a lot he had to do. “I’m assuming you know of the information found by Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca?”
“Yes, sir, I do. I help collect the information.”
“Thank you, Security Leader. Contact both of us if the information shows any promise.”
“Yes, sir, I will.”
“Security Leader, be well.” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ended the transmission before he turned to his second-in-command. “It looks like the witness deception has benefited us… so far.”
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
While the two head drak’tdons of the At’lats were making their way to the bridge, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek broke the silence.
“Sir, request permission to speak on a personal matter…concerning you.”
Hlbeetn gave Vi’nek a side glance as he wondered what his second-in-command was thinking.
“Permission granted.” It’s the only way to find out what’s on his mind.
It took a long moment for Vi’nek to choose the right words carefully… respectfully,
“Sir, rumors are flying about your father’s medical situation in the healing cavern. If you don’t mind me asking, how is he doing?”
The question caught Hlbeetn off guard, which forced him to stop in his tracks. He had to give himself a moment to collect himself and find the right words to answer the question.
“Dad is weak.” His mouth suddenly felt dry. “The healer is attempting to find the source of the problem, but she doesn’t know what it is. How did you find out about dad?”
The question made Vi’nek stand slightly taller,
“Sir, I am second-in-command. My job is to help you and to look after the ship. Also, when a protector isn’t well, believe it or not, everyone hears about it.”
From behind them, Science assistant Din’la-be appeared as she cleared her throat to make herself known with a smile on her face.
“Excuse me, sirs, but we’ve made a discovery, both Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and myself. The information and samples from New Drak’Nat have shown that the new world is safe for all drak’tdon people. Here is a copy of the scientific information.” She had a tablet with her, which she gave to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn reached out and took the tablet.
“Thank you, Din’la-be, for your hard work. We all appreciate it. Please thank Examiner Ul’Koip-mé for me for his hard work as well. Please, be well.”
“You too, sir. Be well.” With that said, Din’la-be turned around and walked away.
Hlbeetn continued his discussion with Vi’nek,
“As I was saying, my dad’s immune system is shutting down. Right now, it seems he’s slowly dying.” Hlbeetn had to stop and take a deep sigh before he continued. “I have to speak to the Meeting Hall of Contention.” With that said, Hlbeetn approached the wall computer. “Computer, is the Regent Leader of At’lats in the Hall?”
“Affirmative, the Regent Leader of At’lats is within the Meeting Hall of Contention.” A digital voice from the wall answered his question.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek saw his Pak’Nat turn to him and said what he knew was about to be said to him.
“Sir, I know what you’re going to tell me. You’re going to the Meeting Hall of Contention. It’s about glide importance. You want me to be in charge of the bridge?”
A smile formed on Hlbeetn’s face.
“I sometimes forget how good you are.”
Vi’nek stood at attention from the compliment.
“Thank you. Good luck, sir, and be well.” As quickly as he could, he made his way to the bridge.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn rushed over to the Hall while he was looking over the information on the tablet he had with him. Once he was at the door of the Hall, he approached the Entrance Protectors.
Both Entrance Protectors were blocking the doors, as was their job. But it was the hair serpent Entrance Protector who spoke to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. We got notification from the bridge you were coming to the Meeting Hall of Contention. We have also notified the Entrance Announcer.”
It took Hlbeetn a moment to collect himself from the relief that Vi’nek had thought to contact them once he got to the bridge.
“Request permission to enter the Hall. What I have to say--”
“--is important to the glide. That seems to be a reoccurring activity with you.” The hair serpent finished the sentence.
It was the wing Entrance Protector who told Hlbeetn the decision,
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek notified us to let us know you were coming, and that it was something important. We have already agreed upon your entrance.” The two Entrance Protectors moved aside and opened the doors for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to enter the Hall.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s only reply was a thankful nod as he walked through the Hall doors. The Hall was full of Regent Leaders, making the noise deafening. Hlbeetn’s focus was on looking for one person, a female hair serpent. The Entrance Announcer. He found her talking to the Regent Leader of At’lats. He cleared his throat for a moment before he spoke.
“My apologies for the interruption.”
Both females stopped what they were doing and looked at Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. The Entrance Protector recognized him first.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I was expecting you. You’re scheduled on the podium after the current speaker.”
As soon as he heard those words, Hlbeetn slowly blew out a sigh of relief.
“Thank you, I appreciate it.” He stepped away and moved along the wall of the Hall to give him time to prepare for his time on the podium. While he was working, the Regent Leader of At’lats approached him.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. How are you doing?” She could not help but notice he was working on his tablet.
When he heard her voice, Hlbeetn stopped what he was doing and hid the screen.
“Hello, Regent Leader of At’lats. How are you?”
A grin appeared on the Regent Leader.
“I’m good, thank you. What brought you to the Meeting Hall of Contention, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn? I’m assuming it might be something good, though I have heard nothing one way or another yet.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn picked his words carefully, though he was not sure why. He knew he was speaking to an ally.
“I’m here with some good news about one planet. Also, I want to make a request with the help of the murder case you’ve heard about.” He was doing everything he could not show how jumpy he felt by trying to stay still.
The Regent Leader of At’lats could not help but get the feeling something was bothering him.
“Hlbeetn, if there is anything I can do to help, please let me know.”
“Well, before you make that offer, let me tell you what I’ll tell everyone on the podium. Part of it will be about New Drak’Nat and how it can sustain the drak’tdon people. Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and Din’la-be proved it to be scientifically safe for all of us. The problem is that we connected the planet to the murders we’ve been having in the landing caves. If you wish to help, my request is to not allow civilians on the planet until the murder case is closed.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats just stood there in a silent shock. Her mouth was open slightly as she listened to him speak. After he finished, she approached him and lowered her voice to a whisper.
“Are you certain this information of the planet being safe is correct?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn took a deep breath. He knew things would get worse once he was on the podium.
“The information is certain. It came from Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and his assistant Din’la-be. Both have been studying the planets in this solar system since we arrived here.”
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. Please come forward.” The Entrance Announcer’s voice was heard carrying across the Hall, interrupting the discussion between Hlbeetn and the Regent Leader of At’lats.
Hlbeetn made his way through the crowd towards the podium. Once he reached his goal, he straightened himself before he said his first word.
“Hello, people of the Hall. As some of you know, I am Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. I am here to talk to you about New Drak’Nat, and I have a request to all the Regent Leaders of the glide. The information I have about New Drak’Nat comes from Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and Din’la-be, his assistant. Both have studied multiple parts of the planet. They have considered the planet safe for all drak’tdon people.” As soon as those words escaped Hlbeetn, the Hall was full of voices. Most of the sounds heard seemed to be something similar to cheering. “I have more to say. Please let me finish. I also have to let all of you know of the current murder case we have been working on. We believe it to be connected to New Drak’Nat. We have a potential suspect, but until we have this case closed, I request everyone within the Hall to not allow the civilians within the glide on New Drak’Nat.” As soon as he finished talking, he prepared himself for any type of reaction.
The Hall had turned silent. The Regent Leaders were quietly staring at him. Some of them had similar reactions as the Regent Leader of At’lats as they stood frozen with their mouths gaping open.
It was the person he had spoken to recently who broke the silence. The Regent Leader of At’lats,
“Pak’Nat Hlbeetn, could you please explain yourself? You’re asking us not to allow people to go down to New Drak’Nat, but this is for an unknown amount of time. Till the murder case is closed. We don’t know how long that might take. The glide would fly over the planet, doing nothing.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn stood slightly straighter. He knew that question was going to be asked by someone.
“Yes, Regent Leader, that is what I am asking. We don’t know for sure who the killer is right now. We only have a suspect. If the killer turns out to be someone else, we have better access to that person if we still have everyone within the glide than if everyone is on the new planet.” Hlbeetn was doing everything he could to show an illusion of calmness.
It was then a familiar voice spoke.
“Is there any life on this new planet? Do we know if it has any form of higher intelligence? I can’t speak for everyone within the Hall, but I don’t want to be an invader in someone’s home.” It was the Regent Leader of Tiu’om. He was so well-liked by the civilians of the Tiu’om ship, the people kept him in his position as Regent Leader ever since Hlbeetn’s dad was Pak’Nat of the At’lats. Apparently, not everyone liked his words since there were grumbles in the Hall. That did not deter the one hundred forty-six-year-old yellow male wing, as a grin appeared on him as he looked around the Hall.
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn looked over at the information he had about New Drak’Nat,
“According to the information I have, the closest to intelligent life the new planet has is primitive bipeds who seem to use sticks and stones. According to Examiner Ul’Koip-mé, the bipeds do not seem to have any form of written, or spoken, language. From our observation, they make random chatter, screeching, roaring, and other random sounds. We can only guess what our language must sound like to them... maybe roaring? We’ve found no other higher intelligence on New Drak’Nat.”
“I request a recess.” The comment came from the Regent Leader of Al’haav’l this time, who, it seemed, was attempting some sort of neutrality... or was it calm? “Everyone, we could all use the time to calm down and talk to each other. It will help us make a better decision on this matter.”
Another voice entered the group, the Regent Leader of Hoard.
“This is a simple matter for the Regent Leaders. We need to talk first and decide second. But before we can do any of that, everyone needs to calm down.”
All the Regent Leaders within the Hall silently looked at each other and nodded their heads as they broke up, some by themselves and some into smaller groups. They could not help but notice on their voting tablets there were three choices for everyone to vote on, stay on the ship, go on the planet, or remain neutral.
At the same time, everyone could hear the Entrance Announcer over the noise as she raised her voice.
“Everyone, calm down, please. If you push me, I will get the Entrance Protectors!”
Upon hearing the Entrance Announcer, the noise within the Hall slowly became quiet. Out of nowhere, a stray voice rang out, yet no one could identify the speaker.
“Us Regent Leaders took an oath to the people of their ships to represent them. No matter the vote outcome, we need to remember that!”
Hlbeetn did not answer immediately. This was a situation where he had to be strategic. He reached back into his mind and took a note of his dad’s history.
“Allow me to remind all of you here. When you all vote, you are deciding based on what I told all of you, and that ‘loyalty’ one of you mentioned.”
Before anyone could do or say anything, the Entrance Announcer took over the situation.
“Alright, everyone, everything is set for voting for this petition. All you have to do is use your tablets to vote to give your opinion.” As soon as the words left her, grumbles were again in the Hall. “Quiet. I said vote, not chaos.”
Between voting by tablet and the computer counting the votes, the vote did not take long. The Entrance Announcer monitored the computer to make sure all the Regent Leaders voted before announcing the results. It was a tight vote—eight votes to go on the planet, nine votes to stay on the ships. When she told everyone about the voting outcome, no one was happy.
The Entrance Announcer approached Pak’Nat Hlbeetn,
“Leave the Hall now. I’ll control the Regent Leaders. You do what you have to do in order to find the murder and help the people.”
Hlbeetn nodded.
“Thank you for your help.” As quickly as he could, he left the Hall and at a fast pace walked down the hallway. He immediately contacted his Nam’Mok’nan on the wall. “Vi’nek, good news for us. The Regent Leaders voted in our favor to stay on the ships.”
“Thank you for the notification, sir.”


Chapter 13

When Hlbeetn got back to the Healing Cavern, the first thing he noticed was how quiet the cave had become. He could clearly hear low voices who seemed to talk to each other. When he entered his dad’s cave, he saw his dad and uncle talking to each other in low voices.
“How is everyone doing?” Hlbeetn did not want to intrude on what was being said in their private discussion.
From his divan, Hothshka turned so he could see his son. It was at that moment a weak smile appeared as he spoke with an even weaker voice.
“Hello, son. Your uncle has been telling me everything you’ve been doing for the ship and the glide. How are you feeling?”
Telling his deepest feelings to his dad was not easy for his dad. But he had to admit to himself, at least, that he felt thrilled to see his dad awake again, so he tried to figure out a way to do it and make it somewhat easier for himself.
“I went to the Meeting Hall of Contention to tell everyone that New Drak’Nat was safe for everyone within the glide. But I also asked the Regent Leaders to wait for everyone in the glide to go down to the planet until we have captured the killer. They put it to a vote, eight to nine for everyone to stay on the ships.”
Hothshka’s nod was so weak they could barely see it. To make matters worse, he could hardly speak above a whisper.
“That voting situation sounds too familiar. When I had to get the glide to go through a black hole, the only way to get it done was through a vote. As you know, the voting ended in a tie. They asked me to make a deciding vote to break the tie.”
Hearing his dad talk, Hlbeetn thought back on the stories he grew up listening to from his dad about the incident. He could not help but nod.
“I see what you mean, dad. They are similar in a few ways. By the way, how are you feeling?” Hlbeetn could only hope his dad would answer the question and instead not notice the change in a topic for what it really was, an attempt to relax his dad.
Of course, Hothshka saw the switch on the subject. It caused a weak smile to appear on Hothshka before he answered.
“The best answer I can give is... from moment to moment and from day to day. I don’t know any other way to answer it.”
“Ahem.” The sound came from the healer, An’ebnal-le, as she tried to get everyone’s attention. “My apologies for the interruption, but I wanted to update everyone on my findings.” It seemed she was standing straighter as she continued with her report, “I’m sorry to tell you, it’s bad news. Hothshka, the virus is fighting your cells. You are slowly dying. Right now, it’s not a matter of ‘if’ but ‘when’. I’m very sorry. I wish I could do more for your family.” After she finished giving her report, she left the cave and the family so they could be alone to digest the information.
“Healer, wait.” The news, at that point, had left Hlbeetn numb. The only thing helping him continue operating as a person was his military training as he approached the healer. “Healer, I understand everything you said to us. But please, do what you can to make dad comfortable and help him where it’s needed. I beg you.”
Healer An’ebnal-le did not say a word. Her only reply was a nod before she walked away.
Hlbeetn turned to his dad and uncle with another idea in mind.
“Dad... Uncle Bentleth, I need to get back to work…”
Bentleth’s answer was a simple nod.
“Don’t you worry, Hlbeetn. I’m not going anywhere. You go do what you have to do.”
Hothshka’s nod was weak.
“I agree with Bentleth, son. You need to get back to work. I’m not going anywhere.”
Hlbeetn could not help but silently look at both his dad and uncle. Every instinct was telling Hlbeetn to argue the fact, but he knew they were right. So, he quietly nodded as he forced himself to turn around and leave the Healing Cavern. He now had two goals in mind. One was to solve the pilots’ murder. The second was to figure out a way for his dad to see New Drak’Nat and touch its ground.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn entered the bridge of the ship, he immediately took control.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Security Leader Yilnarm. Could you both meet me in the of’fire office, please?”
The answer from Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Security Leader Yilnarm was almost simultaneous,
“Yes, sir.”
The two drak’tdon did not waste any time as they immediately followed Hlbeetn in the office. Hlbeetn took his place behind the desk and began the discussion.
“Is there any new information about the dead pilots’ case?” He knew his attempt to be calm from being in the Healing Cavern was failing.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was the first of the two to speak,
“Sir, I could find nothing on my end except for rumors. This mercenary is smart. When I attempt to see if any of those rumors have merit... I get nothing. Yet when Security Leader Yilnarm and I work together, we saw results.” His answer came out somewhat guttural, almost like a growl. He cleared his throat before he spoke again. “My apologies, sir.” He sent their report from his tablet to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn.
Security Leader Yilnarm entered the conversation immediately.
“Sir, I have one idea. I was about to put it into practice before you wanted me in your office. We can work the case backwards. We know the people who were individually working the sub-ships. With the help of the cameras, if we start from the discovery of the kills and work backward, we could do two things. Find a connection to all the deaths and get information on the first sub-ship before take-off.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn ran the idea through his head for a moment.
“Go ahead, Security Leader. If we can find out who the killers are, maybe they will point to who hired them. If it’s Eyj’frfe, it’ll work better for a trial. We need some sort of history on Eyj’frfe, who he talked to and had contact with for the past few days. Go as far back as the first kill, even before it that’s possible. We need to know who he spoke to. Hopefully, between the two of you, you’ll discover something.”
The Security Leader had been standing at attention as she listened to her commanding of’fire,
“Yes, Sir. Request permission to leave to get started on work.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn’s only reply was a nod. He was silently hoping that he could still give a show of being in command.
“Permission granted, Security Leader Yilnarm.” Without a pause, he looked at his second-in-command. “Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, once her idea works. I need you to collect as many mercenaries as possible. Tell them Eyj’frfe is in custody, and might give names. Those mercenaries might talk to defend themselves.”
A smile slowly slid across Vi’nek’s face.
“Yes, sir.”
“You may leave.” Hlbeetn did not look to see if he was alone when he contacted the Entrance Protectors. He knew Vi’nek well enough to know he would leave instantly.
It was the female wing Entrance Protector who answered the video call.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. What is the nature of your call?”
“I wanted to let the Entrance Protectors know I’m back on my way to the Hall again. Also, I currently request to speak to the Entrance Announcer.”
“I’m putting you through right now.” The female Entrance Protector immediately transferred the call.
There was a pause in the transmission when suddenly the black female hair serpent, the Entrance Announcer, appeared in the video call.
“Hello Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. What is the nature of this call?”
“Hello, Entrance Announcer. I’m calling to let you know I’m returning today to speak to the Regent Leader of At’lats. I must speak to her. Is she still at the Hall?”
There was silence on the Entrance Announcer’s side as she looked over the day’s schedule on her tablet.
“Yes, the Regent Leader of At’lats is currently in the Hall at the moment. She is on the schedule to talk on the podium.”
Hlbeetn was already getting himself ready,
“Thank you, Entrance Announcer, for your help. Be Well.” Without stopping, he ended the call, stood up, and left the office. From there, he left the bridge and went straight to the Meeting Hall of Contention.


Chapter 14

It did not take long for Hlbeetn to get to the entrance of the Meeting Hall of Contention. He rushed up to the two Entrance Protectors to make his request to enter.
“May I enter the Hall?”
This time, it was the wing Entrance Protector who spoke up.
“We were notified you were coming from the Entrance Announcer. You may enter.” The two Entrance Announcers opened the Hall doors so Hlbeetn could enter the Meeting Hall of Contention.
As soon as Pak’Nat Hlbeetn entered the Hall, he took a few deep breaths to prepare himself for anything. He began looking around the Hall for the Entrance Announcer. As soon as he found her, he approached her immediately.
“Hello Entrance Announcer, have you seen the Regent Leader of At’lats?”
The Entrance Announcer looked at her tablet for the Regent Leader. She was used to the situation. A quick hello and then a question. It was a part of her job.
“The Regent Leader of At’lats is next to speak on the podium.”
“Thank you.” Hlbeetn did not waste any time. The Regent Leaders had the Hall full as Hlbeetn began his search for the Regent Leader of At’lats. It took him a while as he looked for the Regent Leader. When he finally found her, he did not waste time. “Hello, Regent Leader.”
The stoic look on the Regent Leader of At’lats’s face turned into shock when she saw Hlbeetn again.
“Hello, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn. May I ask, what brings you back to the Hall? On the same day as the vote?”
Hlbeetn took another deep breath. He could only hope his words would not fly out too fast like they did the other time when he rushed to see about his dad.
“We believe we may have found a suspect in the killings. For multiple reasons, we’ve restricted the suspect to stay on the At’lats. The major problem is the information we have on this suspect is under plausible cause. Once we have more information, my people will arrest the suspect.”
The Regent Leader of At’lats was silent the whole time while she listened to Hlbeetn speak. From what she heard, she could not help but be curious if rather pushy.
“Does that mean everyone on the At’lats can now go down to New Drak’Nat and make it our new home? Or do you still want us to stay up in space until the perpetrator is locked-up?”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn did not speak as he thought about his response. It took him a moment to give his answer.
“I have a request to make, both to you and to the Hall. I know I have no right to make this request, but I’m still making it. Keep the people within the glide until the sub-ship killing case is closed. I also have one more request to make. It’s about my dad. This is totally up to you…”
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
It was a while later that Pak’Nat Hlbeetn walked onto the bridge. He had a lot on his mind at the moment, so he barely heard his Nam’Mok’nan calling his name. He had to shake his head to get his mind back to the here and now, also to find out who wanted his attention. When he saw it was Vi’nek, he could not help but be curious as he approached him.
“Hello, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. I’m sorry, you wanted to tell me something?”
“Yes, Sir. I’ve been working on the dead pilots’ case with Security Leader Yilnarm. Just in case whatever one of us finds the information may cross the other person’s job on the case.”
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn just gave a simple nod.
“That sounds like a good idea.”
“Sir, there’s more. There appears to be a problem. Eyj’frfe has an advocate who wants to talk to you about how her client. She believes we have mishandled Eyj’frfe... or want to speak to someone ‘in charge’ was the correct wording.”
The information nearly knocked the breath out of Hlbeetn.
“This is a military trial.” His words sound almost like a growl. “Is his advocate familiar with this piece of information? I remember asking his advocate, how much experience does she have with military law?” Pak’Nat Hlbeetn blew out a long sigh as he tried to calm himself from the situation. “I need to know if she is aware of the military rules that differ from the civilian one.”
“Sir, according to my source, the advocate is still with the client.”
This time, Pak’Nat Hlbeetn kept his mouth shut. But he could not help but wonder, How much knowledge does this advocate have about military law and our trial system? Does the advocate know about the martial law holding suspects of any types, and their rights? Is the advocate aware martial law makes their presence permissible during questioning and trial the same as in civilian cases? Hlbeetn was not sure if this new situation was a good thing in their favor or not, and he was going to have to teach this advocate military law.
“Sir, do you have any orders?” Vi’nek’s question broke Hlbeetn out of his thoughts.
Hlbeetn shook his head as he collected himself, once again becoming Pak’Nat as he looked at Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek,
“I’ll go talk to the advocate and explain everything. We had this discussion earlier with her. The open Eyj’frfe case is under military law. Advocates like to make deals, though they may have another name for them. This advocate needs to know her claim is unfounded under military law, and the military doesn’t make deals. Eyj’frfe is a suspect in an open case.”
A smile spread across Vi’nek’s face.
“Sir, if you wish, I’ll keep in contact with my source. I’ll keep you updated with any information and updates given to me.”
Hlbeetn’s brain felt full, but he knew things were going to get worse before getting better.
“Thank you, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, for all your help. You’ve done amazing work.”


Chapter 15

Security Leader Yilnarm was in her personal cavern, where she was still working on the dead pilots’ case. She was currently looking through the case notes from Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and herself. Something did not feel right as she looked over the details. Somewhere within the text, Yilnarm saw the name of one of the bridge personnel, Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca. According to her personnel record, she was both a former and military hacker. That gave Security Leader Yilnarm a working idea as she made her way to Nih’cet’lca’s personal cavern. As soon as she got to the hacker’s home, she knocked on the door.
As soon as Nih’cet’lca answered the door and saw who was on the other side, she froze for a moment.
“Security Leader Yilnarm, hello. Please come inside.”
Security Leader Yilnarm entered without saying a word. It was only after the door was closed that she broke the silence.
“The reason I’m here is that I’ve been looking over the dead pilots’s radio transmission and a record of the ship’s movements to the planet and back to the ship. Nih’cet’lca, I need your help. Do you think you can find out what happened during those times on the sub-ship and possibly while they were on the planet? I’m aware of your radio and computer abilities. I’m praying it gives us an edge on this case.”
While she was listening to the Security Leader talking, Nih’cet’lca was already thinking of the method she would need to do for the job. She was going to have to get information from cameras, computers, communications equipment, etc. from the sub-ships,
“Sir, I understand the orders given to me.” She was already mentally taking notes of her own personal ideas. She was going to have to prepare for everything tonight to start work in the morning.
Security Leader Yilnarm nodded when she heard Nih’cet’lca accept her orders.
“Thank you, Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca. Please keep me updated on what you discover.” With that said, she immediately turned around as she left the personal cavern.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
On the bridge of the At’lats, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was on one of the ship’s computers. He was reading the military’s information on Eyj’frfe, which covered the former Regent Leader’s entire political, personal, and military career. From what Vi’nek was reading, politicians were distancing themselves as far away from Eyj’frfe as possible. The files also contained financial data, personal political views, personality evaluation from the ship’s listener, and military record. Yet there was something bothering Vi’nek about the listener’s report, but he didn’t know what. So he began searching for Listener Sdon’çhy’ré and her location on the At’lats. When he found her, he left the bridge.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré was in the Listening Cave, writing a Pathological Examiner report. It had been a few years since she had used her medical training to heal anyone, even longer to do a death report. She had to do a bit of concentration on the Pathological Examiner report in order to get all the details right, and because of that, she noticed nothing around her.
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek walked into the Listening Cave and looked around for Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. It did not take long for him to find her at her desk.
“Hello, listener. I’m here because of the file I have about Eyj’frfe. While I was reading it, I keep getting the feeling something is missing. Since you’re Eyj’frfe’s listener, you’re connected to the file and the patient. So I felt you were the person to come talk to. Am I right? Is something... information perhaps... missing?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré had been listening to Vi’nek talk, while at the same time she was thinking back to her time talking with Eyj’frfe and the group.
“It’s a suspicion, a feeling. Nothing more. What Pak’Nat Hlbeetn asked of me was data and information, not a feeling. My apologies if you feel I restricted some of the information.”
Vi’nek understood what she was saying in more ways than one,
“Listener, it’s been my experience that feelings and suspicions can sometimes lead to something factual. Please tell me, what do you suspect?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré took a moment to think of a way to explain herself.
“It’s a more personal suspicion than a professional one. I believe there’s something dark inside Eyj’frfe. Maybe a dark side to his personality. I’m not sure. He hides that side of himself too well.”
Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek was listening to her carefully, which made his first reaction a combination of a nod and a sigh.
“Thank you, Listener Sdon’çhy’ré, for telling me your impression of Eyj’frfe. Did I understand you correctly that, in your professional opinion, he is dangerous?”
Hearing the question made Sdon’çhy’ré pause for a moment.
“Eyj’frfe has the potential to be dangerous, yes. If you’re asking me how dangerous he can become, that is an unknown. He is smart, a former Regent Leader, and smart is a requirement for the job.”
“Thank you for everything you’ve said, listener. Please be well.” Without making a sound, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek turned around and left for the bridge.
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré said nothing as she watched him leave. She had a certain topic in mind she needed answered. Her promise about the patient’s information went against her beliefs and training, even if the patient was a suspect in multiple murders! She needed to talk to someone... but who? She contacted the first person who had faith in her outside her healer training, Healer Harl’od’keer.
He appeared on the computer almost immediately.
“Sdon’çhy’ré, what a surprise to hear from you. May I ask about the video call?”
Listener Sdon’çhy’ré took a few deep breaths to calm down before saying anything.
“Healer, I need your opinion on something. I made a promise to Pak’Nat Hlbeetn that if one of my patients was the potential killer of the sub-ship case you no doubt heard about, I’d notify him--”
“--wait right there. Think carefully about what you’re doing. As healers and listeners, we need to counsel ourselves for what is truly best for our patients. Sometimes the answer isn’t a part of our training, and sometimes the answer goes against our training. It may go against everything we’re taught.” Through the video call, the old healer looked Sdon’çhy’ré in the eye. “Whatever you consider doing for your patients, prepare for the price of the decision. Whatever the decision.”
Those words made Sdon’çhy’ré go silent for a moment. Then she finally spoke up.
“What if that patient is both dangerous and uncontrollable? Should I… or someone… notify an outside party?”
The healer frowned at the question.
“Remember what I’m about to tell you. Think about what is best for your patients. Ask yourself if this outside person is best for your patient.”
A deep sigh escaped Sdon’çhy’ré as she took in the words,
“Thank you, Harl’od’keer. You have been a wonderful mentor and friend to me, and you have given me something important to think about. Thank you and please be well.”
“You’re welcome, Sdon’çhy’ré, and be well.” The two friends ended the video call together. Sdon’çhy’ré found herself feeling a bit more at ease from hearing her mentor’s advice as she left the Listening Cave.


Chapter 16

It was a few days later, and Security Leader Yilnarm was working in her personal cavern. At the moment, she was in her office looking over information about the death of the sub-ship pilots. She had read the records so much she had it all memorized. As exhausted as she felt, she was still awake enough to hear a knock at her door. So she got up to answer.
It was Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca was at the entrance.
“Hello, sir. May I come inside?”
Yilnarm said nothing. She simply moved out of the way to let Nih’cet’lca enter. It was not till afterward that the Security Leader finally spoke.
“What brings you to my personal cavern?”
It was only after Nih’cet’lca was sure Yilnarm locked the door did she answer the question.
“Sir, I found what you requested. It’s all on this data stick I brought.” She showed the data stick to the Security Leader before finally giving away the answers.
An exhausted Security Leader Yilnarm, quietly took the data stick.
“Thank you for the hard work you’ve done. I appreciate it.”
Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca was still standing at attention.
“You’re welcome, sir. I connected many people through one person. Like I said, all the information is on the data stick.”
“I understand everything you’ve said. You are dismissed. Get some rest, you’ve earned it.” Yilnarm waited for Nih’cet’lca to leave so she would be alone.
Immediately Rist Gis’ein Nih’cet’lca saluted Yilnarm before she turned around and left the personal cavern as demanded.
Once she was alone, Yilnarm went to her computer and inserted the data stick. The data from the stick immediately appeared on the monitor. Yilnarm could not help but feel shocked as she watched the videos, documents, and digital images appear on the screen. The first thing on the list Yilnarm watched was the videos. Then she looked at the photos, then last but not least read all the documents. As soon as she finished, she immediately contacted Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek.
“Hello, Yilnarm.”
“Hello, sir. May I request we meet? I have something interesting to tell you.”
As soon as he heard those words, Vi’nek was curious about what she had to say.
“We can meet at the of’fire office.” He quickly ended the transmission without saying another word, got his own information together, and left his personal cavern to go to the office.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Both Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek and Security Leader Yilnarm were in the At’lats of’fire office as they looked over the details of the information they both brought for the other person to see. Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek could not help but gawk at the details Yilnarm brought and how in-depth it went in more information.
“Your source is excellent in getting this information. The document identifies people on video and digital images.” In one efficient move, he brought up his own information from Listener Sdon’çhy’ré. It was about Eyj’frfe’s and his full psychological report.
Security Leader Yilnarm immediately began scanning the information Vi’nek brought.
“Everything you’ve brought about the Eyj’frfe observation has confirmed my belief that he needs to be arrested.”
Vi’nek nodded before he made his reply.
“Look at the different camera angles. We can see Eyj’frfe was paying the mercenaries with meat. We now have proof Eyj’frfe paid the mercenaries to kill the pilots. Security Leader Yilnarm arrest Eyj’frfe because of the deaths of the sub-ship pilots. Also, please thank the hacker for me, who helped us.”
A broad smile immediately spread across Security Leader Yilnarm’s face. She quickly stood at attention upon hearing the orders.
“Yes, sir!” As she left the office, she already had her own agenda as she thought of the law for what the mercenaries broke when she took them in. She had a feeling she knew what was going to happen to them, and it would not be pretty.


Chapter 17

It was just a few days later, and the military court was happening in a place of the highest secret, making it unknown to any civilian. Five of the highest-ranking military personnel were present to overhear the trial to decide the outcome of the mercenaries who killed the pilots and the outcome of Eyj’frfe, who hired all five of them. It was Advocate Tye’ve’te who was defending Eyj’frfe versus Advocate Glaan speaking as a public official. Of the seventeen ships within the glide, there were only a few active Adr left to hear the court.
“Listen, everyone as court is now in session.” It was Adr’e Ia’dne who started the session... She was also the highest person in the military.
The one hundred thirty-four-year-old peridot hair serpent male Advocate stood up.
“Hello to everyone present. For the record, I am Advocate Glaan. I am representing the people of the glide.”
As soon as he sat down, a fifty-four-year-old jasper wing female jumped up,
“Hello to everyone present. For the record, I am Advocate Tye’ve’te. I am representing Eyj’frfe.” Once she was finished introducing herself, she sat down.
“Advocate Tye’ve’te, you may begin.” The speaker was Irg’Daber Adr Serith, the third highest in the military, who called for the advocate to address a plea of guilty of not guilty.
Advocate Tye’ve’te stood up as she addressed the court.
“Hello, to the Highest Military. After a lengthy discussion with my client, we would like to plead not guilty for reason of having a neurosis by the name of advenagermenophobia.”
“Objection! We’re all aware of the fear. We’re also aware Listener Sdon’çhy’ré is helping the group with the problem.” The speaker was Advocate Glaan. The amazonite hair along his spine was shaping into what looked like a spike.
“Objection sustained.” That was Ser’or Adr Ponré’dalr. She was the second highest person in the military. The dark gray quartz hair along her spine never moved as she spoke.
“Is there anything else before we begin?” Adr’e Ia’dne was addressing everyone in court. The cave was silent as no one spoke. It was then she turned to Advocate Tye’ve’te “You may begin.”
“Thank you. I am going to give a few bits of information not even Advocate Glaan can dispute. Eyj’frfe, my client, is being charged for a crime and his fear is being used against him. There are others with the same malady and we’re not talking about them. Also, Advocate Glaan will bring up videos of my client talking to people. That is not against the law.”
It was hearing those words that made Advocate Glaan speak up.
“To the Highest Military. The video which Advocate Tye’ve’te is talking about is here within the court. Request permission to show the video.”
“Request granted.” Adr’e Ia’dne was the one who spoke.
Advocate Glaan began the video. On the video it showed Eyj’frfe talking to a metallic midnight cobalt blue hair serpent,
“Highest Military, through DNA samples on the dead body, professionals assigned by the court have identified the metallic cobalt blue hair serpent as The Wraith,” Advocate Glaan explained.
“Objection. Because we see two people talking doesn’t mean they are conspiring to do something illegal. Also, the fact this person, The Wraith, killed someone, does not connect the kill to my client.”
The hair along Advocate Glaan’s spine never moved.
“If the Highest Military will allow me, there is more to the video.”
“Show it to us,” Irg’Daber Adr Serith gave the command.
“Thank you.” With that, Advocate Glaan continued the video, showing Eyj’frfe giving The Wraith a package.
“Highest Military, that package could be anything. There’s no reason to show it. Advocate Glaan is wasting our time.”
That last statement caught Adr’e Ia’dne’s attention.
“Advocate Tye’ve’te, understand what wastes the Highest Military’s time is for us to decide. No one else. Is that understood?”
“My apologies, Highest Military.” The reprimand made Advocate Tye’ve’te’s body go totally still.
Advocate Glaan used the moment immediately,
“Highest Military, as directed I had the outside of the package sent to the examiner of your choice to study. The contents inside were meat.”
Those words got everyone’s attention.
“As I’m sure everyone here is aware, a generation ago we had the illegal meat market case where people used meat to pay for illegal jobs. This was during a time when people could get meat for free, taking meat away from others who needed it.” Advocate Glaan was watching everyone.
“Objection! This is circumstantial evidence. There is no law banning gift giving of meat.” Advocate Tye’ve’te spoke up immediately.
Irg’Daber Adr Serith spoke up,
“Advocate Glaan, she is correct. Do you have anything else?”
“I do, Highest Military. As a witness, I would like to call the other person in that video. He goes by The Wraith. I ask him to come forward?”
As the metallic midnight cobalt blue male hair serpent made his way to the front of the courtroom, another voice rang out.
“Objection. The Wraith is a known mercenary. How can any of us in court accept his word as truth when anyone can buy him and what he says?” The words came from Advocate Tye’ve’te.
“You saw the witness list and had your chance to make your objections then... not now. All the witnesses were sworn in to speak the truth.” That was Adr’e Ia’dne.
“Yes, Highest Military.”
The Wraith stood in the witness box, in front of the Highest Military and facing the advocates.
Advocate Glaan did not waste any time as he began the questioning.
“Please identify yourself for the record.”
“I am known only as The Wraith.”
“The Wraith, could you officially tell us why you agreed to speak?” Irg’Daber Adr Serith watched him closely.
“You mean besides a legal summons? What I do is a job. There’s no loyalty involved. So whatever happens to my employer… I don’t care… it was a job.”
“Just a job?” Advocate Glaan considered his question. “So, as an example, if you did a job for one person. Afterwards, a second person pays you to kill your last employer... What would you do?”
“I take the job. Like I said, to me that’s all it is.” Through years of personal training, The Waith kept his body in a visually calm attitude.
Without another word said, Advocate Glaan began the video showing The Wraith and Eyj’frfe together. Once the video show Eyj’frfe give the Wraith a package, the video froze.
“Do you recognize the person in this video?”
“I do.” The Wraith answered with a head nod.
“Could you identify the person, please?”
Without a pause, The Wraith pointed to Eyj’frfe.
“That’s him, though he introduced himself as the retired Regent Leader of Mab’shha’la. As if that would give him some form of anonymity. Those in my field know the given name of retired Regent Leaders. It’s part of the job.”
“So what you’re saying is you know--” Advocate Glaan was asking what everyone wanted to know.
“--I know the given name of the retired Regent Leader of Mab’shha’la is Eyj’frfe.”
As soon as The Wraith performed something so taboo, call a retired Regent Leader by their given name without permission, the court went silent.
“Um, The Wraith... of all the other jobs you could have taken, why this specific job? Were you aware of the payment before or after he made the offer?” Advocate Glaan continued the questioning.
“When he told me what the job was, it was before he told about the meat payment. Why I took the job... it’s meat. It can be money or it can be food. If Eyj’frfe hadn’t paid for the job so well, I would have said no.”
“Why?” Advocate Glaan could not help but ask.
“Objection!” Advocate Tye’ve’te jumped, “this case is about my client, not why the Wraith took a case.”
“Highest Military, different... people were hired to kill military pilots. I wanted to find out why this person took the job. We won’t know if the answer has anything to do with the retired Regent Leader till we hear the answer.”
“The Wraith has already said why he took the job. So if you want to continue this line of questioning, you had better explain yourself.” Adr’e Ia’dne and the rest of the Highest Military refused to let up on their control.
“Highest Military, The Wraith just mentioned if the pay was not meat he would have said no to killing the pilots. Since the payment was meat, that changes things. So I’d like to know why he took the job.” The explanation came from Advocate Glaan.
The Adr judges were silent for a moment as they looked at their monitor, then Irg’Daber Adr Serith spoke.
“Advocate Tye’ve’te, objection denied.”
“The Wraith, what is your reason?” Advocate Glaan continued his questioning.
The midnight metallic cobalt blue hair serpent gazed upon the court,
“Even I know killing someone in the military is beyond trouble. But with meat rations getting tighter... meat has become money.”
Advocate Glaan was too curious.
“Is it just you, or do other mercenaries have similar philosophies about killing military personnel?”
Before The Wraith could make a sound, Advocate Tye’ve’te jumped up.
“Objection!”
“I resend the question.” Advocate Glaan spoke immediately. “I have no more questions.”
The two advocates switched places silently. Advocate Tye’ve’te took over the questioning of The Wraith.
“The Wraith, are you insinuating it was my client forcing you to take the meat and the job?”
“No, what made me make that decision you mentioned is life.”
Something she heard piqued the advocate’s interest,
“So you believe since the powers-that-be distributed the meat to the civilians to help with the population, that also increased crime?” Advocate Tye’ve’te was curious.
The Wraith did not blink as he opened his mouth. But he never got the chance to answer.
“Objection. Advocate is asking for an opinion, not fact.” Advocate Glaan jumped in.
“Adr judges, if allowed to answer this question, we would understand the reason for the deaths.”
“We recognize what she’s trying to do, and it won’t work. The Wraith, like the rest of us, is drak’tdon. Not a mind reader.” Ser’or Adr Ponré’dalr corrected the advocates.
“Understood Ser’or Adr Ponré’dalr. I resend the question.” Advocate Tye’ve’te backed down.
The trial lasted all day as the advocates went from questioning one mercenary to another, The Wraith, the Unnamed, The Void, then last but not least The Shade. After they finished questioning the mercenaries, both Examiner Ul’Koip-mé and Listener Sdon’çhy’ré came in for their professional opinion.
It ended up being an advocate versus advocate situation as each one spoke about the deaths of the pilots. Both were showing the information they gathered from multiple sources. As Advocate Tye’ve’te continued to defend her client, she mentioned his phobia and how there was no way he could have approached any of the pilots to kill any of them. To hire a mercenary to kill them would not be possible since he would not know if the pilot had already been to the planet to contaminate him. In the end, Advocate Tye’ve’te was not happy about the situation, especially regarding talk about her client, Eyj’frfe and his connection to the mercenaries. After the military court ended their proceedings, which was overhearing the argument and possible guilt and fate of Eyj’frfe, then there was the fate of the mercenaries.
Advocate Tye’ve’te was not happy at all,
“My client has a phobia called advenagermenophobia, which gives him the fear of alien germs. Locking him in an actual cave on New Drak’Nat like our ancestors would drive him mad! I am pleading to all of you not to do this. Please.”
Of all the top military present, it was Adr’e Ia’dne who addressed the Advocate,
“No. From the moment we hatch from our egg, we are taught for every action there is a reaction in life. This is the reaction to his action, for his choice. Your client should have considered the consequences of his actions before killing the first pilot, even before hiring the first mercenary. The decision of the military court is final. Once the military, or one of the Examiner’s people, has found an original cave on New Drak’Nat, your client will be locked-up. This is a life sentence where he will live and eat in the cave, similar to what our ancestors did on our original home planet. Without the possibility of freedom.”
It was only out of instinct Advocate Tye’ve’te reared her head when she heard the words,
“I must protest, Adr’e. The sentence is too psychologically brutal for my client.”
“Do you need to be reminded this is a military trial, not a civilian trial? The decision for your client is final.” The person who joined the discussion was Irg’Daber Adr Serith. “You can continue your protest if you wish. The only thing that will happen to you is the court will imprison you until you apologize to us for your behavior.” His voice stayed calm the whole time he spoke.
When she heard those words, Advocate Tye’ve’te had to swallow down the bile in her throat as she pushed herself into her next decision.
“I accept the decision of the military trial.”
The only response Irg’Daber Adr Serith had of the situation was a growled huff,
“Can everyone in the military courts agree to the mercenaries’s punishment? The mercenaries here go by the labels ‘The Void,’ ‘The Wraith,’ ‘Unnamed,’ and ‘The Shade.’ Real names are unknown. These individuals are too dangerous to be kept alive. What does everyone think?”
Right away, the cave was full of voices speaking in unison. For a change, they were all able to agree on the first three mercenaries’ fate... death.
“Wait! What about the fourth mercenary? The last one that was mentioned on the list. No one has mentioned his fate.” Advocate Tye’ve’te immediately knew she was taking a tremendous risk by speaking up.
The eye of every Adr in the court silently looked her way, but it was Irg’Daber Adr Serith who responded.
“If you’re referring to the mercenary calling himself ‘The Shade,’ his fate was a choice. Death, like the others, or life locked in a cave, like your client. Since he’s not your client, you’re not entitled to know his answer.”
“I understand.” Advocate Tye’ve’te knew she was just reminded of her station in the military court.
It was Adr’e Ia’dne who finally ended the case.
“The court has decided, and it’s final.” With that, everyone in court heard a bang on the desk to close the case. This told Eyj’frfe’s advocate that there was nothing to plead anymore.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Pak’Nat Hlbeetn was currently in his of’fire office, working at his desk. He was doing everything he could to try and stay busy, so he could not think of his family problems.
Without making a sound, Vi’nek entered the of’fire office and stood in front of the desk.
“Sir, I heard from my source. The military court found Eyj’frfe guilty. They gave him a life sentence on New Drak’Nat in an actual cave with no chance of freedom. All the mercenaries are to be put to death.”
Vi’nek’s last statement caught Hlbeetn’s attention. Which meant it took it a moment for Hlbeetn to answer.
“All the mercenaries? What about ‘The Shade’? When the court gave him his choices for his fate, what did he choose?”
Vi’nek did not speak for a moment. As much as he did not like the mercenary, the result still left a foul taste in his mouth.
“He chose the same fate as the others. Death, Sir.”
It took a moment for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to react to the information.
“Thank you, Vi’nek, for letting me know. Also, please thank your source for helping us during this difficult series of events we’ve had.”
It took little effort for Vi’nek to notice something was bothering him.
“Sir, is something wrong? Is there some way I can help?”
Hlbeetn did not answer right away. He took his time to pick his words carefully,
“I spoke to the healer about my dad. He’s currently on a machine to keep him alive…” The rest of the words would not come out. They stayed stuck deep in his throat.
The only response Vi’nek could give was a nod.
“Sir, we’ve set up everything you requested. All you have to do is to say when, and we will put the plan into motion.”
It took a moment for Pak’Nat Hlbeetn to gather his thoughts.
“Wait. It will happen soon. But for right now… please wait.”
Vi’nek’s reply was a simple nod.
“I understand, sir. Everything is ready for when you give the word.”
“Don’t worry, I will.” Hlbeetn finally got up from his seat. “I’m leaving the bridge. I’m going to see my dad.”
Vi’nek’s immediate answer was a nod.
“Sir, there is something else. People of the glide have been talking. It’s about where they plan on going to once everyone lands on New Drak’Nat.” Silently, he watched Hlbeetn for any type of reaction, ranging from what Hlbeetn might say or do. He knew his Pak’Nat was a bit on edge.
Upon hearing the statement, Hlbeetn released a long and soft growl.
“What did they say, Vi’nek? Where do they want to go on the new planet?”
Vi’nek did not answer too quickly. Instead, he took a deep breath before he said anything.
“Sir, each race decided upon a separate territory, a piece of land. Just like we did on the original Drak’Nat.”
The information knocked Hlbeetn back down behind his desk.
“Let me make sure I understand you, Vi’nek. Since we left our home planet of Drak’Nat two generations ago, we have been working and living together. Why would we go back to separate races on this new planet instead of continuing forward and sharing territories? We’ve been successful in doing this in all the glide.”
The only reply Vi’nek could give to his Pak’Nat was a shrug.
“I’m sorry, sir, but I don’t know. I can only guess not everyone has widely accepted full racial integration. Maybe some people still want to live with their own body type within their own territory?”
As Hlbeetn exhaled, he could not stop the growl when he heard the painful words.
“How do those races want to split up within the territories? Have they decided yet?”
Vi’nek thought back to make sure he explained it correctly.
“The way it was told to me, the hair serpents want the eastern land. The wings want the central land area, connected to the eastern land. And the feather serpents seem to want to be as far away from their hair cousins. They want the south-west territory across the salt dihydrogen monoxide body.”
Hlbeetn said nothing as he tried to understand the information given to him.
“Thank you, Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, for the information. I appreciate it.” Once again, Hlbeetn stood up. “Unfortunately, there is work that still has to be done.”
It was with those words said that both drak’tdons immediately left the of’fire office. Without a word being said, Vi’nek assumed control of the bridge.
“Vi’nek,” Hlbeetn kept his voice to a whisper, so what he had to say was only between the two of them, “it may be today or in a few days, but listen for an important call from me.”
“Yes, sir.”
When Hlbeetn left the bridge, everyone onboard somehow got the feeling something vital was going on.
When Bentleth got in touch with his nephew, Hlbeetn, the ship’s Pak’Nat was still in the hallway,
“Hlbeetn, your dad is awake and wants to talk to you.”
“I’m on my way!” Hlbeetn broke into a flat run towards the Healing Cavern. Once he got there, he rushed up to his dad. Hothshka was awake on the divan with Bentleth next to him. “Dad, how are you doing?” Hlbeetn could not help but wonder if his dad would survive the plan he had for him.
Hothshka was doing everything he could to show strength. But even from Hlbeetn’s point of view, his dad was frighteningly weak.
“I hate being on this machine, son. Your uncle has been telling me of New Drak’Nat, which we’ve been orbiting. I want to see it with my own two eyes. Feel the ground under me, see the plants, smell the fresh air, be on the planet.” At that moment, it seemed speaking was taking up most of his energy.
Bentleth looked at his nephew with unshed tears.
“I’m sorry, Hlbeetn, for not calling you sooner. It was your father’s request. He believed your work was too important.” Bentleth turned back to his brother. “Hothshka, I know you don’t want to die on a ship, but think carefully. Are you sure you want to be taken off this machine so you can see New Drak’Nat?”
A grin slowly slid across Hothshka’s face upon hearing his brother’s question.
“I don’t want to die on a spaceship connected to a machine.” Upon saying those words, he shuffled on his divan. “We have worked too hard for me to not see New Drak’Nat. I’m ready to leave now!”
Out of nowhere, a fresh voice joined the discussion.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t allow the patient to leave the Healing Cavern. The move would kill him.” It was Healer An’ebnal-le. She had overheard the family discussion.
The look Hothshka gave her, despite his weakened state, would have bored a hole through the At’lats ship.
“I’m already dying, healer, even on this machine. I’m simply choosing the where and the when. This machine won’t save me.”
Hearing Hothshka’s words did not change Healer An’ebnal-le’s stance one bit.
“I’m sorry, Hothshka, but my answer is still no. You’re not leaving this divan or the machine. You’re too weak to make any medical decision for yourself.”
“Except as his son, I can make that decision.” Hlbeetn’s statement caught everyone’s attention. He had to force strength in his voice in order to speak to the ship’s healer. “My dad is dying. You’ve confirmed his diagnosis. The only difference between you and the family is the change of where and when my dad dies. I am asking you to honor his last request and let him see New Drak’Nat. He helped our people at the beginning of our journey survive to see it. Now the machine is making him suffer and slowly die in a way he won’t see it. The machine will never allow him to see the planet he has worked hard for us to live for as a people.”
The look Healer An’ebnal-le gave Hlbeetn said a lot,
“For the record, I do not agree with what you and your family are doing. But I yield.” Once the words left her, she turned to leave.
Hlbeetn quickly tried to follow her.
“Healer, wait. I need to talk to you about something--”
“--Hlbeetn, I’ll talk to everyone on our list and update you while you’re busy.” It was Bentleth who quickly started working. It was helping him stay sane in an insane situation.
“Thanks, Uncle Bentleth.” Hlbeetn’s mind felt it was being pulled in multiple directions. “Healer, I have a request, and you have every right to say no.”
It was upon hearing those words that Healer An’ebnal-le slowly turned around. She could not help but be curious,
“What more do you want of me?”


Chapter 18

Once Hlbeetn entered the Healing Cavern, Hothshka’s family was complete. The pak’nat of the At’lats saw his uncle Bentleth at a distance contacting someone. If he heard correctly, it sound like the bridge.
“Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek, this is Euit’Lant Adr Bentleth. This is to update you on the situation in the Healing Cavern. We are attempting to get the plan together…”
While Bentleth was working on helping his family get things in motion, Hlbeetn was busy talking to the Healer. The conversation was not an easy one,
“Hlbeetn, let me make sure I understood you correctly. You want me to help as an escort for your father? This is after you told me you want to take your father off the machine. Now that you’ve won that argument, you’re telling me you want my help to kill your father. Tell me why and don’t use the term ‘warrior’s death’ as a reason, since that doesn’t work on me.”
Hlbeetn somehow had a feeling this was going to happen. That’s why he tried to prepare himself for what he was about to tell her.
“I know you don’t believe in a hero’s death, but surely you believe in respecting a dying patient’s wish. You diagnosed my dad as dying, so morally I’m asking you to assist us in respecting his dying wish. Please.”
Something about Hlbeetn’s words made An’ebnal-le think for a moment.
“I... agree, I’ll help. Just in case you need my medical help for your father.”
Hlbeetn released a slow and steady breath he did not know he was holding. That one simple motion made it feel as if a weight lifted off of him,
“Thank you, Healer, that means a lot.” Without stopping, he turned to his uncle. “She has agreed to help us. You can let everyone know we’re starting.”
Bentleth gave his nephew an update.
“Everything is ready and getting into position. I’ve already contacted the Hall and the military, including Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. Everyone knows everything. Also, I heard what you and the healer said to each other.”
The bile in Hlbeetn’s throat had gotten thick as he swallowed hard, holding back the unshed tears. Another technique his dad taught him.
“The time is near. I can feel it.” Hlbeetn had switched his attention to his uncle. “Uncle Bentleth, we have to finish our plan.”
The healer watched the two military drak’tdons,
“Don’t worry, we’ll be ready.” She went next to Hothshka to check his medical readings.
Hlbeetn could not help but nod.
“Thank you, Healer.” It was then that both uncle and nephew left the Healing Cavern.
Hothshka had been listening to the discussions going on around him and could not help but be curious as he looked up at the healer.
“What’s going on? What is this plan I’ve heard about?”
Healer An’ebnal-le switched her attention from the readings on her tablet to Hothshka.
“Your family has a surprise for you. That’s all I can say.” While she was talking, she was also preparing Hothshka to be taken off the machine. “Hothshka, once I take you off this machine, you will grow weaker and start dying more rapidly. You’ll have a day or maybe a few hours left.”
The snort Hothshka gave was so weak it was barely noticeable.
“I don’t want to die on the At’lats, connected to a machine. I want to be on New Drak’Nat, and see our people’s new home planet before I die.”
Healer An’ebnal-le was working as quickly as she could in unhooking Hothshka from the machine. She said nothing while she was working.
Hothshka’s breathing began getting weaker.
“Thank you, Healer.”
Hearing those words made the healer freeze from her work.
“Don’t thank me for helping your family. In doing this, I’ve signed your death papers.” As she spoke, she began helping Hothshka out of his divan.
His labored breathing forced him to need help as he crawled off his divan. With the healer’s help, he was able to stand up… slowly. He could only take a few weak steps as he walked on his own.
“Where are we going?”
The Healer remained next to him,
“Walk with me, Hothshka, and I’ll help you.”
~   ~   The Final Journey   ~   ~
As soon as Hothshka left the Healing Cavern and walked into the hallway, the first thing he saw was people on both sides of the hallway. They left a clear path for both him and the healer to pass in between them. He could not help but look at the healer with a confused look on his face.
A slight grin appeared on the healer’s face.
“It’s their way of showing respect.” Slowly, she escorted Hothshka through the hallway as they passed the people toward their destination. As the duo entered the closest Landing Cave, they found another line of people. The whole time healer was next to him, helping him on the closest sub-ship.
Once they were inside the sub-ship, An’ebnal-le was working at making sure Hothshka was safe during the flight by strapping him into his seat. Once she finished, she found a place to sit next to the pilot.
“How is he doing?” The pilot turned to look at the dying Protector.
“He’s all buckled up.” The healer was then preparing herself as the sub-ship took off for New Drak’Nat.
Hothshka’s head, at that point, was resting on the window as he took in the visual image of the bright blue and white world they were flying towards.
“Beautiful.” The words were barely audible from Hothshka.
When the sub-ship finally landed, the doors opened. Healer An’ebnal-le helped Hothshka out into the new world. Hothshka’s body had already grown weaker. When he breathed in the fresh air, the healer could hear him wheezing. As he got off the sub-ship, the first thing Hothshka saw were two lines of people standing at attention, across from each other. It was like what he saw on the At’lats.
The two of them were nearly at a crawling pace as they moved between the line of people. Hothshka immediately saw an auburn male wing on his left, standing at full attention.
“Hello, sir. I am currently Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek of the ship At’lats. It is an honor to meet you.”
“Hello Nam’Mok’nan Vi’nek. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Hothshka’s greeting came out with a raspy voice.
Hothshka saw someone on his right side. That person turned out to be a tungsten, silvery-white female hair serpent female.
“Hello, sir. It is an honor to meet you. I am Security Leader Yilnarm of the At’lats.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Security Leader.” As Hothshka slowly walked down the line, the following person he saw was a crystal opal female wing who was on his left side. She was standing at full attention like everyone else.
“Sir! I am Euit’Lant Thoy’ord, pilot of the At’lats.”
“Thank you, pilot, for your service on the At’lats.” With that, he smiled as he moved to the next person. It was then he saw a familiar face. It was a female hair serpent with onyx scales and a smile on her face.
“Hello, sir. Remember me? It’s Ser’Or Adr Ponré’dalr.”
A shocked Hothshka could not help but gawk at her.
“Ponré’dalr, how are you doing?”
“I’m a mentor now. I teach how to be a Power Handler.”
A smile appeared on Hothshka’s weak face upon hearing the good news, despite his own situation.
“Congratulations Ponré’dalr, I know your students will learn a lot from you.”
Hothshka began hobbling as he moved towards the next person, a color exchange sapphire female wing who introduced herself as one of the Entrance Protectors. The person across from her was a male hair serpent with iron scales. It was the second Entrance Protector. Their greeting to Hothshka was both quick and quiet. There was very little time to talk.
As Hothshka continued to walk through the line, he saw two very familiar faces, both brown scales... both were former Entrance Protectors. One a wing and the other a hair serpent.
Both of them spoke at the same time.
“Hello, Hothshka.”
Hothshka could not help but chuckle at the dual greeting as he continued. Despite his condition, Hothshka could recognize both of them from when he was pak’nat of the At’lats. He continued on to the next person he saw down the line.
The ninth person Hothshka saw was a female hair serpent with azurite scales on his left side.
“Hello, sir. We’ve never formally met. But I’m Nam’Mok’nan Blennalae of the Hoard ship, under your brother Pak’Nat Bentleth.”
Hothshka could barely move his head to nod as he silently continued his walk. He found a familiar face, a peridot male hair serpent. When he spoke, it came out as almost a whisper.
“Advocate Glaan.”
“Yes, old friend. I’m still practicing as an advocate, but let us not talk about the past. There’s many people who want to see you. I know it can’t be easy for you, but I recommend you keep walking. Trust me, it’s worth it.”
The person after Glaan was someone else Hothshka knew, Examiner Ul’Koip-mé. The Lapis scale half hair and half feather serpent could not help but simply smile at Hothshka and silently motioned for him to continue walking without saying a word.
The next person Hothshka saw astonished him,
“Alcreob! You grew up.” It took Hothshka a moment to notice Alcreob’s military rank. “You became a Pak’Nat of your own ship. Congratulations.” Hothshka could not help but notice Alcreob’s chest did not fully heal from his childhood incident. But he said nothing of it.
“Thank you, sir.” Alcreob could not help but smile at Hothshka’s words.
At that point, Hothshka had weakened to the point he needed help from the healer when he reached the thirteenth person, a milky quartz scale female hair serpent. Hothshka knew who it was immediately. Though before he could speak, she greeted him,
“Hello, Hothshka. I’m Listener Sdon’çhy’ré now. I’m no longer a healer, but a listener. Although…” She motioned to the person across from her.
It took Hothshka a moment to turn around with help. When he did, he found a topaz scale male wing,
“Hello, Harl’od’keer.”
“Hello, Hothshka. As you’ve probably heard, I’m retired now. More people want to see you, so take your time and continue along. Believe me, it’s worth it.”
“So I’ve heard.” Hothshka was getting weaker, though he was enjoying the moment as he came across the fifteenth person. It was a titanium, steel-gray female wing.
“Hello, sir. It’s been a long time, so you may not recognize me--”
“--Oh, yes Ket’ur. I recognize you. I know of your work, and it is an honor to meet you.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Hothshka moved on. The next person was a black, moonstone female hair serpent. She immediately bowed to him.
“It is an honor to meet you, Hothshka. I am the current Regent Leader of At’lats.”
Hothshka silently gave her a weak nod as he continued to the sixteenth person, a geode-scale female wing.
“Hello, Hothshka. I’m now Former Regent Leader of Ykser. I’m not serving anymore, though I am honored to have served with you.” Like the others before her, she silently used her nose to motion for him to continue.
During his walk, Hothshka continued to need help from the healer. This especially as he reached the next person, a female feathered serpent with green scales.
“Hello. I’m now a Former Regent Leader of Sil’gre-han. I’m not serving anymore, either. Hothshka, please don’t talk. You have others to see.” She motioned for him to continue.
The next person Hothshka could get to was an old friend. The yellow scale male wing looked at Hothshka with a smile,
“Hello, old friend. Like the others before you, I’m now Former Regent Leader of Tiu’om. When I heard what everyone was doing for you, I couldn’t miss seeing you.”
“It is good to see you too, old friend.” Hothshka’s voice was barely above a whisper. When he attempted to turn to the nineteenth person, he saw two people at the end of the line of people. At that point, his vision was too weak to identify who they were.
Hothshka lightly shook his head and turned to the nineteenth person, a female hair serpent with silver scales.
“Hello, Hothshka. It’s been some time. Like some of us here, I’m Former Regent Leader of Kyebs now.”
At this point, Hothshka was so tired, his weak chuckle came out as a huff when he turned towards a copper-scaled female hair serpent. There was no way to forget her as she stood at attention.
“Hello, sir. I’m not sure you remember me, but I am former Pak’Nat Fetzlon of the ship Kyebs.”
“Hello, Pak’Nat Fetzlon.” At that point, he was almost whispering his words.
When Hothshka turned, he saw a white scaled female wing.
“Hello, sir. I retired from the military some time ago. Most people just call me Tnop’z now.”
Before Hothshka could say anything, he saw movement out of his peripheral vision. When he turned to see what it was, he saw a male wing with gold scales, polished in pristine condition, as were military protocol, whom Hothshka immediately recognized!
“Skould! How are you doing?” Hothshka’s voice had turned raspy, and his legs were so weak it could barely hold him.
“I am well, sir. I would not miss this for anything. There is someone else here to see you.”
Hothshka looked across from Skould to see a male wing with white diamond scales and black diamond eyes standing at attention. Hothshka was too weak to speak, so Geer’Kru spoke instead.
“Hello, sir.” As soon as those words left the diamond wing male, Hothshka legs gave way, and he collapsed on the ground.
During the ordeal, Healer An’ebnal-le had been doing everything she could to assist Hothshka. She valiantly attempted to catch him as he fell, but Skould and Geer’Kru caught him first.
Skould spoke up to Healer An’ebnal-le,
“Healer, if you don’t mind, we’ll take over from here.” The three of them, Hothshka, Skould, and Geer’Kru, finished their walk.
Healer An’ebnal-le said nothing. She only nodded as she backed away.
Skould and Geer’Kru helped Hothshka towards the two people at the end of the line, Hothshka’s brother and son.
When Hothshka finally reached the end of the line, he was shocked to see who was there. He could not stand up anymore, so Skould and Geer’Kru gently placed Hothshka in front of his brother, Bentleth, and his son, Hlbeetn. At that moment, Hothshka could barely move as Bentleth and Hlbeetn moved aside so Hothshka could see what was past them, so he could see New Drak’Nat. The new world had a bright blue sky, sharp green grass, clean dihydrogen monoxide, fresh air, and a bright, shining yellow star.
Hothshka could barely move as he looked at his brother and son when he said his last words.
“We did it.”
Hothshka, former Pak’Nat of the At’lats, first leader of the glide, and one of the last Protectors, died on New Drak’Nat among family and friends.
~   ~   ~   ~   ~
Hothshka had a warrior’s funeral. His family burned his body on top of a funeral pyre and crushed his bones into dust.
Once the Drak’tdon people collected his ashes, they put it in a container within a sub-ship. They then flew the container high with the planet’s atmosphere and spread his ashes within the sky. That way, he would always have air under his wings for all eternity.


Epilogue

Countless generations later...

It was on a mountain range, where the peaks pushed up past the clouds. There was snow on parts of the mountain peaks as a wing storyteller told the story of Pak’Nat Hothshka and his family a top of the foothills. A group of wing younglings surrounded her. A few wing adults were listening behind the group.
On an island, there was a group of hair serpent younglings along a river’s edge with green trees surrounding the river. A hair serpent storyteller looked among the younglings as the adult hair serpents stay in the back and watch everyone as they listen to the story.
It was far away along a riverside. A feather serpent storyteller sat along the green grass next to the running stream of dihydrogen monoxide. There was sand was on the other side, that was where the feather serpent younglings were laying on to listen to the story. The adults were watching as well, not far away.
Up in the mountain range, the wing storyteller looked out at the younglings.
“And that is how our ancestors moved from one planet--”
On the island, the hair serpent continued the story to the younglings in front of her.
“--to another. Not as the three races the bipeds know us today--”
Along the riverside, the feather serpent storyteller continued her story.
“--but for a short time, we were one race.”
The storytellers somehow ended the story as if they were together.
“The Drak’tdon Race.”


About the Author

Beth Chaisson is a Cajun woman who grew up in Cary, NC.  She has an Associates Degree in Microcomputer Systems Technology though she's loved writing her whole life.  She's written many stories in the past, but "The New Drak’Nat" is the first one she's ever been able to get to the point of getting published.

There are multiple ways to be able to contact her, please feel free to pick which one to use.

Personal:  https://bethchaisson.com/home/

Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/Bmc8672/

Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/beth_chaisson1/

Goodreads:  http://goodreads.com/beth_chaisson

Pintrest:  https://www.pinterest.com/cryste1/

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/Bmc8672My

Smashwords:  https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Kinu92214


Acknowledgments

My family has been behind me when I told them I wanted to make a change in my life.  Not I wanted to give up a direction in my life, an addition to my life.  They were all for it, we don't have writers in the family so they didn't understand my dream of getting published but they were behind me regardless.  Thank you.

Also to the man I love with my heart and soul.  He knew more about my book and the stories I wrote previously before I was published.  He has been with me with every step and never lost faith in me.  You'll never know how much that means to me.
