The White Rose
Jayne Amanda Maynes


Copyright © 2014 Jayne A Maynes
Published by Jayne A Maynes at Smashwords


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

ISBN: 978-1-3109-5975-2
Forward
I went in to see if the girls were about ready to get up and saw them playing with the only stuffed animal I had from when I was about their ages.
“It looks like you're both ready to get up,” I said.
They stopped playing as soon as I said the first word and smiled at me hoping they weren't in trouble for being in my room and playing with my stuffed animal.
“I need both of you to go wash up for dinner. Someone very special is coming over, and I want both of you on your best behavior,” I said.
Floppy my stuffed rabbit went flying as they took off for the bathroom to get cleaned up. Floppy had seen so many things over the years. He had been with me through boot camp and OCS. He had been there while I went through special forces training and even accompanied me to the front lines.
He gave me a hug before I departed on every mission, and another when I returned. Always having a warm smile for me to let me know he was glad I was safe.
I heard the motorcycle long before it pulled in the driveway, yet still sat there looking at Floppy laying where he landed when Kathy tossed him on her way to get cleaned up for dinner.
The door bell rang and I still sat there not moving, lost in a world only I could know.
I heard the footsteps as Chris came down the hall with one little girl in each arm and still didn't move. Floppy still had my undivided attention yet it was the Floppy from another time, not the one laying on my bed in a heap from having been tossed by a small girl in a hurry to do what her mother asked.
I felt Chris sit down next to me and put his arm around my shoulders, and still was lost in another time.
Nicole climbed in my lap and Kathy took my hand sitting on the other side of me from Chris, I knew they were all looking at me wanting to help me, but not having any clue where I was, or why.
“Mommy I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt him,” Kathy said.
I looked at Kathy finally and realized I had been sitting on the edge of my bed since Chris called.
“You girls need to get cleaned up for dinner, we're having someone super special coming over to join us,” I said.
“Sam they already did get cleaned up. I took dinner out of the oven and fed them already,” Chris said.
“Chris? I... they were playing with Floppy and...” I stuttered.
I turned into his shoulder and started crying. All I wanted was what I had at this very moment and I knew it still wasn't time, something still wasn't how it should be for me to be open to the world about who I am.
Chris held me while I cried telling the girls he needed some time alone with me so we could talk. After what must have been an hour of me crying, yet felt like only minutes, he placed a finger under my chin and tilted my head back so he could look in my eyes.
“I'm so sorry Sam, I never wanted to hurt you,” Chris said.
“I don't think I can do this anymore Chris. I don't think I can do what it's asking me to do. I don't want to be alone anymore. I just want my family,” I said.
“What can I do to help?” Chris asked.
“Do you love me? Can you give up everything you've become for me?” I asked.
“I'm not sure I understand Sam,” Chris said.
“I know why I blacked out after those missions. Chris, what I'm asking is, could you give up being a vampire if I asked, if it were the only way for us to ever be together,” I said.
“Could we be together if I weren't a vampire? Sam I would give up anything if it means we can finally be together. I never asked to become a vampire, I was turned into one to save my life,” Chris said.
“No Chris, you were turned into a vampire to save my life. The stories all mention me, not you. It's me everyone thinks is so important, because of stories that are as old as time,” I said.
“How does me becoming a vampire save your life Sam?” Chris asked.
“I don't know Chris, but if my dreams are right you need to be a vampire to save my life. I hate magic and the kind I have especially. Chris my magic talks to me and keeps telling me it won't be long. That I have to be willing to lose everything to gain everything. Can you tell me what that means?” I asked. 
“Magic doesn't talk Sam. It obeys the will of the person who has access to it,” Chris said.
“Until me. Chris my sister is the coven leader of the White Rose coven. From what she's told me she's the strongest witch in the coven and compared to me she might as well not have magic,” I said.
“I'm not sure I understand. Witches and vampires don't associate with each other. I guess in a way we're terrified of each other. Vampires tend to hide their magic because even the weakest witch in a fight could completely incapacitate the strongest vampire. If we can lure them into our magic before they can cast they lose their magic either through death or becoming a vampire,” Chris said.
“No they don't, it just becomes foreign to them. I can sense the different kinds of magic, and have yet to find anyone who could hide their magic from me,” I said.
“Sam that's not possible. I can sense another vampire and witch, but the other creatures that have magic I can't sense at all,” Chris said.
“Maybe you can't, but I can. You don't believe me, take me out somewhere and let me prove it to you. The magic calls to me, it wants me. I can tell you're holding your magic hidden right now. You're the strongest vampire I've ever come across, even stronger than Mac or Chuck who were both born vampires,” I said.
“Sam you don't have any magic, there isn't a witch alive I can't sense, and you have no magic,” Chris said.
Chapter 1
She wasn't what most people would call stunning, but she wasn't homely either. She was packing around a few extra pounds, but was large boned so they didn't look unsightly. She still had all the curves in all the right places so she was beautiful, just not necessarily what they call drop dead gorgeous. She wasn't what I would normally look for physically in a woman either, not that I really cared since I was always a woman in my dreams. To that point I had always looked for women who were short and small framed, close to the weight their small frame said was right to be healthy. She didn't fit any of that, but I no less found myself wanting to find out about her.
She asked me for a ride home the night we met, insisting I come in at least for a cup of coffee. I knew she wanted more, but even with how attractive I found her I couldn't give her what I knew she wanted. She said she had a couple kids she wanted me to meet when I told her I needed go.
“Please Sam I really want you to meet my daughters,” Irene said.
“I hope you don't plan on waking them,” I said.
“No, but knowing them, they'll be up before I am in the morning. If you want, you can sleep in my bed,” she said.
I took the couch since I was in the habit of getting up early, and it sounded like Irene intended on sleeping until noon, or later, if she could, and I just wasn't up for sharing with anyone aside from the person who was my other half in my dreams.
In the morning I woke stiff and sore from tossing and turning trying to find a position that was comfortable enough to actually sleep.
I found my way into the kitchen and started looking for everything to make a pot of coffee to help me wake up. As I was looking for the coffee one of the kids came in rubbing her eyes and stretching.
“Are you going to be our new daddy?” Kathy asked.
I looked at her and knew I had to meet the other child, if they were who I thought they were I needed to get to know them, since they were a step toward me finally being able to be myself.
“Is your name Kathy?” I asked kneeling down so I wasn't towering over her.
“Did mommy tell you?” Kathy asked.
“No honey, your mommy didn't tell me, I was hoping maybe you could,” I said.
“I'm Kathy and my sister's Nicole. You're the one from our dreams huh?” she asked.
I didn't have a clue, since I hadn't been told about her dreams.
“I don't know Kathy. I think you've been in my dreams though, and that's how I was able to guess your name,” I said.
“You are the one then. You like roses just like daddy does,” Kathy said.
“Your daddy likes roses?” I asked.
“If you're looking for mommies coffee, I think she ran out,” Kathy said.
“I see. Well maybe I should go to the store and get some. Does your mommy have any eggs or anything so I can make us some breakfast?” I asked.
“She just gives us cereal. I don't think mommy eats breakfast,” Kathy said.
I found a bag of flour that was about half gone and opened the bag to find it full of weevils. How many other food items in the house had gone bad? These two little girls deserved the best and from what I was seeing so far that wasn't even close to what they were getting.
I fully intended to talk to Irene when she got up. If she wasn't willing to fix good healthy meals for these girls, would she let me do so.
“Kathy I need to go to the store and get some things for breakfast. Will you and Nicole be alright if I leave you here while I do? I promise I'll be right back,” I said.
“If we need something we can wake mommy. You won't be gone very long will you?” she asked.
“I promise I won't be more than an hour. You do know how long an hour is?” I asked.
She nodded and explained to me it was when the first number on the clock changed.
I hated the thought of leaving them alone while Irene slept, but felt confident if either of them needed anything Kathy couldn't handle she would make sure Irene did get up.
I fixed a pot of coffee when I got back and proceeded to make some pancakes for the girls and myself for breakfast. Both girls seemed excited they weren't going to have cereal and commented about how good the pancakes smelled before I had any of them fully cooked.
“You both need to go wash your hands and face, so when the pancakes are ready you're ready to eat them,” I said.
They both gave me a dirty look, but headed into the bathroom and turned on the water dipping their hands in and splashing a little on their faces. When they came back in the kitchen I put my hands on my hips and frowned at them as though telling them I didn't think they did a very good job washing their hands and faces.
They both looked up at me with a pout on their face.
“You don't look like you want any of these pancakes, or you'd be sitting at the table, so I could serve them to you,” I said.
They both ran over to the table sitting at the two places I set leaving the middle seat open for me. I set one pancake on each of their plates and a couple on mine making sure to cut theirs up into bite size pieces and poured syrup on so it covered every piece. I had already set a glass of milk and juice at their places and had my coffee and a glass of juice at my place.
Irene got up just as we were finishing eating and after pouring herself a cup of coffee came over to the table and sat down.
“There are a couple pancakes left if you want,” I offered.
“I just give the girls cereal in the mornings. I didn't even know there was any pancake mix in the house. Come to think of it I thought I was out of coffee too,” Irene said.
“I went to the store. You were out of coffee, or at least I couldn't find any and I thought while I was there I would get some eggs and flour. These two little girls helped me get breakfast ready, or we would still be waiting to eat,” I said.
“They don't either of them know how to cook any better than I do,” Irene said.
“I'm going to guess that's not at all, if the bag of flour was any indication,” I said.
“I do fine if I can put it in the microwave,” Irene said.
“I was hoping you might let me fix these girls a good breakfast and dinner at the very least. It wouldn't be any trouble to make them sandwiches, or something that would just need to be warmed up for lunch as well,” I said.
“So you plan on coming over here every morning on your way to work to drop off breakfast and lunch for these two brats, and then again every evening to drop off dinner?” Irene asked.
“I noticed you have a bed room you don't use. I'd be willing to pay rent for it and a place to park in the driveway. I'll do all my own shopping and even cleanup after me and the girls. Your bedroom will be the only room you need to worry about cleaning,” I said.
She told me how much she wanted to rent me the spar room she had and gave me a few conditions as well. Conditions like if she had someone over I stayed to my room, and kept the girls out of the way as well. In essence I would become a built in babysitter, or nanny for the girls, having all the responsibility, but none of the authority of being their parent.
Since it would make it easier for me to control the kinds of food they ate as well as insuring they were shown a better example of how to live, I accepted her terms, and was free to move in any time.
Kathy wanted to know if I had lost my mind, and said she knew I had when I told her the girls I'd be taking care of where my daughters from my dreams.
“Sam I want to meet these two little girls,” Kathy said.
“Kathy I'd be delighted to bring them over so you can meet them, but first I have to get their mothers permission,” I said.
“I thought you said you're their mother,” Kathy said.
“In my dreams I am, but this isn't my dreams. All I know about these girls right now is they're the daughters of my dreams, their names are Kathy and Nicole, their father is never around, but then he's never been around in the dreams either, yet I know I'm married to him,” I said.
“So you don't even know who this man is?” she asked.
“In my dreams I do. In my dreams he's my friend, my lover and my equal. In my dreams he's everything I tried so hard to be, but couldn't be as a man,” I said.
“I don't understand you Sam. It seems you let your dreams rule everything about your life, and reality isn't a dream,” Kathy said.
“I just want to know if it's alright to store these boxes here? If not let me know now and I'll find somewhere else to keep them,” I said.
“Of course you can keep them here. Sometimes I swear I haven't got a clue who you are. I still want to meet these two little girls of yours,” she said.
“I need to go get car seats for them so it'll likely be tomorrow before I can bring them by,” I said.
“Let me guess, Irene or whatever her name is, doesn't have car seats for them,” Kathy said.
“She thinks Kathy's big enough to sit on the seat and Nicole is still small enough to keep in a baby carrier. Kathy these two girls need me, they need the stability I can give them,” I said.
“She isn't much of a mother is she? Why did she even have kids if she doesn't want them?” Kathy asked.
“She told me her ex wanted them,” I said.
“So why didn't she let him have them in the divorce? From the sound of it he would have taken better care of them,” she said.
“He's in the military and gone a lot. From what she said, he didn't have anyway of taking care of them since his family disowned him,” I said.
“Does he ever visit them?” she asked.
“I don't know. I know some of her biker friends come over and help with the kids, one in particular, named Chris. I just wish I knew him better, I think he's someone I could fall for, if it weren't that I'm not able be myself right now, and I know he isn't gay,” I said.
“So my little sister has a crush. I thought your dreams told you who your husband is,” she said.
“For all I know he is my husband from my dreams,” I said.
From the first day I moved in with Irene the job of taking care of the kids fell on me. Irene would take off as soon as I got home from work, and I wouldn't see her again until I got home the following day. The kids knew if they needed anything they could come in my room to get me.
When I introduced them to Kathy she gave me a look that said she didn't ever want me bringing them to her house again, and as long as I was living with them under the same roof she wouldn't come over to visit.
“You said you wanted to meet them Kathy. I don't understand why you're so upset,” I said.
“Can you guarantee those girls won't bite my kids?” she asked.
“Can you guarantee your kids won't bite them? Kathy has talked about biting and I sat down with her and went over why biting is wrong. She assured me she wouldn't bite, can you say that for Kelli?” I asked.
“You don't understand Sam. Those girls bite is dangerous,” Kathy said.
“You're right I don't understand. I don't see why their bite would be anymore dangerous than mine. If anything my bite is probably more dangerous since I'm bigger and stronger than they are,” I said.
She gave me a look I couldn't begin to understand.
“You've been bitten?” she asked.
“What are you talking about? Kathy what on earth is wrong with you? Look at me, I'm still your little sister. I'm still the same person I've always been,” I said.
“You still don't believe in magic?” she asked.
“That's a silly question. Of course I don't believe in magic, aside from the magic of love and family. I know there are a lot of things I can't explain, but that doesn't mean there's such a thing as magic,” I said.
“I'm sorry, Sam. I guess I'm just a little jumpy. I've been studying some very old stories and came across something that bothered me,” she said.
“Let me guess it has to do with your witchcraft?” I asked.
Chapter 2
Over the next year my girls and Kathy's kids played together several times. My girls loved when I would take them over to Kathy's because it became the only place I would ever be myself and they loved having me around as myself.
They didn't understand why I refused to allow anyone else to know who I was as a woman, and really didn't like that I didn't want them calling me mom other than when I was dressed as myself.
After the first year of living with my girls I decided to take the box of clothes I had in the apartment home and keep them in my closet so any time I knew Irene wasn't going to be around for a day or two I could dress rather than needing to go over to Kathy's to do so.
“Sam I've been invited to spend the next week with some friends. I can't bring the girls with and mom said there's no way she can take them that long, I know they love spending time with you, and mom said if you need someone to watch them during the day while you're at work she would love to help,” Irene said.
“Irene if you want to go, please do. I can handle the girls and I'm sure my sister would be willing to watch them while I'm at work,” I said.
“You really wouldn't mind? I mean they are my girls, but I think they'd rather spend time with you than me,” Irene said.
“It'll be fine. Maybe I'll take them camping or something,” I said.
I arranged to take my vacation the same time Irene was spending time with whoever it was she was going to be spending time with. Shortly after she left Chris came by.
“Kathy can you get that please?” I asked when the doorbell rang.
“Okay mommy,” Kathy said.
I heard her get the door, but didn't hear anything else while I was in the kitchen getting us some lunch.
“Kathy who was it dear?” I called out.
“It could be your lover?” a man called back.
I turned around and Chris was standing so close to me I had to back up to see anything but his tank top.
“You could give a girl a heart attack sneaking up on her that way. What do you want?” I asked.
“I heard Irene was gone for the week and was hoping maybe I could take you and the girls camping,” Chris said.
“You're cute Chris, but you don't even know who I am,” I said.
“Sure I do. You're Samantha Waters,” he said.
“Actually I'm not, I'm Sam's twin sister, Geri,” I said.
“I see, that's strange because according to Captain Waters file he doesn't have a twin sister, just two older sisters and a younger brother,” Chris said.
“I'm sure you'd know all about that too, wouldn't you? I guess that means you know who I am better than I do,” I said.
“So you're saying your not Samantha Geraldine Waters?” he asked.
“Of course I am, but since my brother goes by Sam I go by Geri. That way we don't get confused who's who,” I said.
“I see. So why isn't there any mention of you in Sam's military records?” he asked.
“Maybe he's ashamed of me, or someone just screwed up. My guess is someone screwed up,” I said.
“I doubt Sam would have been ashamed of you, though he might have left you out because you're him. If I'm right and you and he are one, I'll have to let you know I do prefer how you look now,” he said.
“So you want to take us camping do you? And just why should we be interested in going camping with a ruffian like you?” I asked.
We both laughed and I thanked him for thinking about taking us away, but there was so much that needed to be done around the house and with my job I was barely able to keep up so this week would give me a chance to get a lot done that might make it so I could have more time once the week was over.
Kathy gave me a disappointed look until Chris offered to help around the house if I'd let him know what all needed to be done.
“These two girls really do love having you here Chris. I wish this is who I could be all the time, but I have a feeling the time still isn't quite right,” I said.
“The only thing stopping you I can see is you. Sam I'm willing to take care of you if you don't want to go back to the boring depressed person you are when not being yourself,” he said.
“You don't know anything at all about my dreams do you?” I asked.
“No, if you want to tell me I promise I won't laugh,” he said.
“That would be a first. It's more than just the dreams Chris. It's the holes in my memory as well. Before I resigned I must have gone over the last two missions I was involved with a thousand times and all the reports say the same thing as my memories, but I know my memories are wrong. Tell me if my memories are right why did I blackout the way I did?” I asked.
“Sam I haven't got a clue what happened. On both of those missions my unit was in the field on other assignments, even though that doesn't seem right. Rose company should have been there during those missions everything inside me says we were, but the mission reports and my memories say otherwise. From what I've seen of the mission reports it took Chuck to pickup where your White Rose left off. I know for a fact your White Rose never left anything for someone else to cleanup, yet that's the way the mission reports show. I know that's why Jason couldn't get you the promotion you deserved,” he said.
“Maybe if I hadn't been such a bitch about telling senior officer to shut up and let me do my job it might have helped me get those gold clusters,” I said.
“That might not have hurt, but even their own reports show they were hampering your efforts until you told them to shut up,” he said.
“Did we ever meet over there?” I asked.
“I don't know. I don't remember us meeting, but I can't believe we didn't, that base wasn't that big and there had to have been meetings we were both in since we both held command positions,” he said.
“I don't remember either. I want to know why nothing I remember from over there seems right,” I said.
“You don't believe in magic, do you?” he asked.
“Don't start that, please. The last thing I need right now is someone besides my sister that I trust telling me magic is real,” I said.
“Your sister? Can I ask which one?” he asked.
“Kathy, my oldest sister. She's the head of some witch coven or something. She said she's the most powerful witch in generations. Believe it, or not, she tried convincing me some stories Mac told me are true. That the ones he told are from vampire lore and that there are stories among the witches that are very similar,” I said.
“They're about someone called the White Rose aren't they? I remember a couple of my men talking about stories like that,” he said.
“For all I know they're just children's stories, though it was from those stories I got the name for my reconnaissance unit,” I said.
We talked for several hours hitting on several subjects. I felt so comfortable with this man even though he was trying to hide something from me. I wondered just what he was hiding when he asked why it was magic was so hard for me to believe in.
“What do you mean Chris? I'd believe in magic if there were such a thing. I'll make you a deal you give me irrefutable proof that magic does exist, and I'll start believing,” I said.
“You know I can't do that, no one could since all you need to do is say whatever it is just hasn't been proven scientifically, but for arguments sake lets use you. I know you are fully female right now, yet I also know, as Samuel you are fully male. If magic doesn't exist how is it you can so easily slip between genders?” he asked.
“I don't slip between genders. As Samuel my body is fully male as you suggest, and as Samantha it is fully female, but my gender doesn't change, Chris, I am always female gender whether I have a male body or a female body. Only my sex cha---nges...” the light of magic started shining letting me know it was real and I was a magical creature. The memories of the past started clearing with the false memories fading and the truth coming out in the open.
“Are you alright Sam?” Chris asked.
“I'm fi... you're the father of these two little girls aren't you?” I asked.
“I thought you already knew that,” he said.
“I think I've always known that, but I didn't want to believe it. Irene isn't coming back is she?” I asked.
“I don't think so. The night you met her in the bar she wanted you to take her home and meet the girls to see if you were Samantha. It wasn't until you took the girls to your sisters and started being yourself in front of them we knew for sure you were the one, though,” he said.
“What do you mean the one?” I asked.
“I mean the one who named them. When each of them were born the memory of someone telling me there names hit me like a train. Their names were the only names either Irene or I could think of. It took almost three months after Nicole was born for me to realize their names had been given to me even before Irene and I had married. Sam I didn't know your name only that you were the mother of these two girls in a way Irene never could be, she had been used simply as a broodmare,” he said.
“I can't believe I just heard you call Irene a broodmare. Are you really that insensitive, if so I'm not sure you're the man I hope for. What would I be another broodmare? Is that all women are to you Christopher?” I asked.
“I didn't mean that the way it might have sounded,” he said.
“I certainly hope not,” I said.
I was angry and he knew it. I hated most religions because they thought the same way he sounded. Ellen had been nothing but a broodmare for the church I had been born into. Had I not been born with male genitals my sisters would have suffered the same fate mom had.
“You had no magic before you were bitten, did you?” I asked.
“I don't know. I can't help thinking maybe I did since I gave up on religion long before I was bitten,” he said.
“I don't feel any magic in you aside from your blood magic as a vampire, the same magic the girls both have. I didn't understand something that happened when I first took the girls to meet my sister. She seemed genuinely terrified of them,” I said.
“She must be a very powerful witch to have been able to detect they are vampires. Neither of the girls have tasted blood yet, other than they like their meat cooked very rare,” he said.
“I hadn't even noticed. I got use to eating meat closer to raw than not since that was how we had it in the field most of the time due to not having fires. I thought Irene was going to have a fit the first time I cooked steaks and she cut into the one I fixed for her,” I said.
“I guess you found out she doesn't like any pink in her meat,” he said.
“She goes well beyond that. If it isn't burnt she won't eat it and didn't like that I wasn't willing to cook it past medium,” I said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Those smell good,” Irene said.
“There are enough you can have one if you want,” I offered.
“Thanks, the kids say you're almost as good as their father at cooking,” she said.
“I take it that's better than you are at cooking,” I said.
“Sam I can't even boil water without burning it,” she said.
“Well I need to mash the potatoes and dinner will be ready. I don't know how you like your meat cooked so I cooked all of them the same, the girls seem to think that's a little over cooked, but due to bacteria in butchered meat I don't dare cook it less,” I said.
I mashed the potatoes and set everything on the table cutting the girls steaks into bite size pieces.
Irene sat across the table from me and took a large helping of potatoes and the smaller of the steaks leaving me the largest steak.
Each of the girls stuck a piece of steak in their mouth and I cut off a piece and stuck it in my mouth Irene ate about half of the potatoes she had taken before cutting her steak and found it cooked closer to raw than rare. The juices from the steak ran over getting soaked up by the potatoes and she had a fit.
“It's still moving. This steak isn't even close to cooked,” she complained.
Kathy, Nicole and I all laughed after Irene left the table when I told her I wouldn't destroy meat by over cooking it the way she wanted, that if she wanted her steaks burnt she would have to cook them herself.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“You aren't a vampire, I'm sure if you were I would know it,” Chris said.
“I don't think I'm anything Chris. I can feel your blood magic, but I know I don't have anything like it. I'm sure if I were close enough to my sister right now I would be able to feel whatever kind of magic she claims to have, but I doubt I have that kind of magic either,” I said.
“So you think you have magic now?” he asked.
“I don't know. I'm not going to say magic doesn't exist, in a way you've shown me it does, but I still think it can be explained another way,” I said.
“I can accept that, at least for now,” he said.
“I'm glad you aren't going to try forcing me into believing something I'm just not sure of. I think it's okay for people to disagree on things as long as they are willing to not make a big deal over their disagreement. But you still haven't answered why you would have compared Irene to a broodmare,” I said.
“That was simply a very bad choice of words. When I married her I thought I loved her. I even tried to love her every time I came home on leave, but there was something between us that prevented me from every really loving her the way I wanted. I thought I should have been able to share my world with her, but she didn't have any interest in either my work or my nature. The only thing we ever had in common were those two beautiful little girls,” he said.
“And me?” I asked.
“Sam I've dreamed about you all my life even before I became a vampire I dreamed about you. I just didn't know who you were,” he said.
“When I first moved in here both girls said I was their dream mommy, they said it even before I let them see me as Samantha the first time. So tell me is Irene coming back?” I asked.
“To be honest I have no idea. According to my men she's been taking her things out of the house for the last couple months. I think she moved out since you were able to give the girls what she never could,” he said.
I needed to find out if she still had anything in the house. The kitchen had been mine almost from the time I moved in. she had better pots and pans than I did so I hadn't brought mine with when I moved in. I didn't know if Kathy still had mine at her place or if Sarah had taken them, since I allowed Sarah to virtually help herself to anything I had at Kathy's.
I opened the master bedroom and found it empty except for the bed. I walking in the closet and again nothing but a few empty hangers. Each of the drawers of the built in dresser where also empty.
According to the girls and the neighbor she hadn't taken anything but a small suitcase when she left and she dropped the girls at the neighbors letting them know I should be home on time, and would pick the girls up when I got home.
I called Irene's mother and got the same thing I had from Chris that she had been moving her things out of the house for months and hadn't wanted anyone to tell me, hoping I'd be willing to take over the care of the girls when she left.
She was gone and from what everyone was saying she wasn't coming back. Chris knew me as Samantha as did Kathy. I hadn't said anything at work and hated the thought of telling them who I really am and having them tell me they could no longer use me because of it. I needed to escape the pressure I saw coming and just be myself and let everything else fall where it might. If I left my job I was sure I could find another where they didn't know about my past.
“Chris if Irene is gone does that mean you'll be moving back to take care of the girls?” I asked.
“The girls need a mother more than they need me. From what I've been hearing, they need you Sam,” he said.
“I need to go talk to my sister. Chris I never asked for Irene to leave. I knew I was spending more time with the girls when I wasn't at work, but Irene spent all day with them while I was at work. I need to talk to Kathy about what I intend to do now,” I said.
“You don't feel ready to be a mother?” he asked.
“No, not really,” I said.
“Why don't you move your things into the master bedroom, even if Irene does come back I think you've earned the master bedroom. I know you've been paying her rent and buying most of the groceries, virtually all yours and the kids food. I know it's you the girls go to if they have a problem. Since this house is still in my name I want you to treat it as your own,” he said.
“I'm not sure how to take that,” I said.
“Irene had the house because of the girls. Because she didn't work and I wasn't able to be around much she had the girls full-time. I hadn't fought for custody because I knew caring for the girls was something I wasn't able to do since I was gone so much of the time, and she promised she would do several things she never did, like learn to cook so she could make sure the girls ate properly. From the time I moved out until you moved in the girls never had a home cooked meal. You're more a mother to them than Irene ever was,” he said.
I took his hands in mine standing so close I had to look up to see in his eyes.
“What are your feelings for me Chris? I'm not asking about Irene, nor am I asking about the girls. I want to know how you feel about me. Am I enough of a woman right now for you? I don't want to ever go back to being Samuel, but I can't risk everything I have if I have to wonder about my future,” I said.
He pulled my hands behind my back because I refused to let go of his as he drew me into a hug that answered my question.
“Sam I don't want you to ever have to worry about your future. I want to take care of you from now on. I want you to only ever be the person we both know you are,” he said.
“And who is that Chris?” I asked.
“My wife, at least I hope you'll consider becoming my wife,” he said.
“I want something a little more romantic than that before I'll answer that question,” I said.
“How about dinner at one of the most exclusive restaurants in town?” he asked.
“When?” I asked.
“I was thinking tonight, about seven,” he said.
“And what about the girls. That's rather short notice to find a baby sitter,” I said.
He gave me a frustrated look.
“I need to stop by mom and dads anyway, we can ask them while we're there,” I said.
“Have you got a dress?” he asked.
“Probably not. Even if I do I probable couldn't find it since I haven't got any idea what Sarah and mom took out of the boxes I have at Kathy's. I have one dress I love that's semi-formal, but for one of the more exclusive restaurants in town I want something better that isn't quite as worn, plus I'll need new shoes,” I said.
He took a string out of his pocket and wrapped it around my finger making sure not to get it to tight, but not so loose it would fall off either.
I could only guess it was so he could get a ring the right size and lifted onto my toes to give him a kiss.
“I feel like I've waited forever for this,” I said.
I called the girls and asked how they felt about me being their mommy all the time and thought for sure I was going to get knocked off my feet with the excitement they showed.
I called Kathy's to see if Monday would be a good day to come by and get all the things I had at her house, and told her until the family dinner at mom and dads on Sunday I wasn't going to tell her, or anyone else what was going on, only that I needed to get the rest of the things I had including all the dresses and shoes I had left.
“Sam you can't be serious. You've been so adamant that you wouldn't be taking all that stuff until you could finally be yourself,” Kathy said.
“Kathy please I'll be over Monday to get all my things out of your house if it won't be a problem. If it will, let me know no later than the family dinner so I know what I need to replace and what I don't,” I said.
I didn't bother calling mom and dads. If they weren't there on the way to the mall they most likely would be on the way back.
I figured while we were out we might as well do a little grocery shopping as well and started going through the cupboards and fridge making a list.
“If you want I can just add that to the shopping for my restaurant. It'll cost less and be higher quality that way.”
“I like to do my own shopping Chris,” I said.
“I was only trying to help,” he said.
“You're sure it wouldn't be a problem?” I asked.
“I can even have someone bring it over and put it away though you might need to do a little rearranging,” he said.
“If they deliver while we're out I would just as soon they just leave all the dry stuff on the table and put anything that needs to be refrigerated in the fridge or freezer however they can manage,” I said.
“You don't need any pots and pans do you?” he asked.
“I hope not I found the ones Irene had here were a lot better than the ones I had and there were pans here I didn't have. No I don't think I need any cookware,” I said.
I handed him the list and he called the restaurant and gave the list to Jody, doubling some things I had on the list.
“I appreciate that you want to help, but I do like to keep my kitchen in my own way, and I know what I have room for around here. I guess if I get rid of all the junk food Irene left behind I might be able to find room for everything, but even then it will be close,” I said.
“I'm sorry I'll leave a note for her to take anything perishable they can't fit in the fridge to the restaurant. Honest Sam I'm just trying to help, he said.”
“I know, and I really do appreciate your help in this. I know you're a great cook, but here at home the kitchen is mine not yours. Can you give me that much?” I asked.
“I can give you that much. I take it we're ready to go then?” he asked.
We stopped at mom and dads first, I asked Chris and the girls to wait for me while I ran in and talked to mom and dad about watching the girls for the evening.
“Dad, is anyone home?” I called out.
“Sam?” Mom asked.
“Mom I was wondering if you and dad had anything planned for the night?” I asked.
“Not really why?” Mom asked.
“I need a babysitter and was hoping you might be willing to watch Kathy and Nicole,” I said.
When did you plan on bringing them by, and how late will you be in picking them up?” she asked.
“I have a dinner date for seven and I don't know if my date has anything planned for after that. If not we should be able to be back no later than ten,” I said.
“Three hours to eat dinner?” Mom asked.
“He's taking me to an exclusive restaurant,” I said.
“He?” Mom asked.
“Yes mother he. He happens to be Kathy and Nicole's father,” I said.
“I hope you aren't planning on wearing that to an expensive restaurant,” Mom said.
“We're going shopping. If I happen to have an evening gown I wouldn't even begin to have a clue what box it would be in, beside I already told Kathy I wouldn't be over to pick up my things until Monday,” I said.
“We would be happy to watch them for you Sam,” Dad said.
“Thanks dad, I only have one request, please I don't want you talking about your church with them. They're good kids and we want to keep them good kids, they don't need the corruption of religion in their lives,” I said.
“The corruption of religion? Just who do you think you are to be talking about corruption? You weren't raised to be some two bit whore, yet that's exactly how you dress. Why can't you just be the man you were raised to be?” Mom asked.
“Dad can you make sure mom doesn't talk about her religion to my kids? If you can't I'll see if maybe Kathy can watch them,” I said.
“What if we come over to your place to watch the kids?” Dad asked.
“That's fine as long as your church stays out of my house,” I said.
“I promise Sam,” Dad said.
“Can I count on you to be there around six? And I do mean six mother, if you make me late for this dinner because you can't figure out that you don't need to dress up, this will be the last time I'll ever ask you for anything, and likely the last time you'll ever see my girls,” I said.
“I promise Sam we'll be there no later than six-thirty, will that do?” Dad said.
“Yes sir, that'll do just fine,” Chris said.
“Mom, dad I'd like you to meet Christopher Jacobs, father of my two beautiful little girls,” I said.
“It's a pleasure to meet you Christopher,” Dad said holding out his hand to Chris.
“The pleasure is all mine sir,” Chris said.
“You do know Sam's a male don't you Christopher?” Mom asked.
“Really, is that true Sam? Are you really a man playing at being a woman, or have you always been a woman who fooled a lot of people into believing you were a man?” Chris asked.
“So you know mother Chris knows my full history. He even knows about all the missions I did in the war and was even involved in some of them. For the record Chris is Major Christopher Jacobs, Rose company commander. I got a couple of the men that were in my White Rose unit from Chris,” I said.
“I guess that means you're gay then, Chris?” Mom asked.
“No ma'am it doesn't, it does however mean I am a vampire, and can only be killed by a stake through the heart, I can't even be out in sunlight,” Chris said.
I smacked Chris for that little bit of vampire lore that is so obviously untrue.
“You mean there really are such things as vampires?” Mom asked as seriously as if she were asking about something important she hadn't been aware of.
“No mother, in the sense Chris was saying there is no such thing as vampires. Chris likes to joke about things like that, as do most of the guys in special forces,” I said.
I gave Chris a look that said I dared him to refute what I just said.
“Sam's right ma'am vampires that can't be out in sunlight and can only be killed by a stake through the heart, don't really exist. It's just some things we saw in the war if you didn't learn to have a warped sense of humor like that it would drive you mad. It was by coming up with things like that from the old horror movies we were able to keep our sanity,” Chris said.
“I have no idea what you all went through over there. Sam refuses to talk about it,” Dad said.
“I refuse to talk about it because there is no way you can relate to the horrors we saw. Now if we are going to get our shopping done Chris we need to get going. Dad said it would be easier for them to abide the rules of no religion in front of the girls if they came to our place rather than us bringing the girls here. He also promised he would be there no later than six-thirty,” I said.
“Sam would it be okay if I talk with your dad for a couple minutes? It really shouldn't take long,” Chris said.
His request wasn't really a request so much as his way of trying to be polite. I had no doubt if I said we needed to go again he would have waited to talk to dad until they got to the house later.
He was true to his word about it not taking long since we were on our way to the mall within fifteen minutes from the time I headed back to the car.
At the mall I started looking for a dress that fit me and Kathy pointed out a dress she liked.
“May I help you ma'am?” a salesclerk asked.
“This dress I was hoping you might have it in a size four,” I said.
“I can check but I think we may have sold the last size four we had,” she said.
I waited while she checked to see if she could find the dress in a size four. When she came back she was holding a different dress that was more of a pink rose color with a white rose lace around the neckline and hem. It had a white belt with a white rose buckle as well.
“I'm afraid this is as close as we have and this seems to be the only dress close,” she said.
I held the dress up studying it and decided I really needed to try it on to get an accurate feel for how it would look.
When I stepped out of the dressing room Chris was back from whatever it was he had gone off to do, and whistled at me making me blush.
I looked in the full length mirror and wanted to whistle as well. If I got this dress I would need to get my nails done and see about finding a white rose shoe or boot to go with.
“I really hope you plan on getting that dress,” Chris said.
“Chris I would need new shoes for this dress, and also need to get my nails done,” I said.
“We might be able to get your hair done as well if you want,” he offered.
“No, because then I wouldn't be able to take a shower when we get home, and I really do need to take a shower before we go out,” I said.
“Okay, well at least get the dress and we'll see about shoes and nails as well,” he said.
When I changed back into the clothes I arrived in I noticed the price tag and wanted to cry. There was no way I could justify paying that much for a dress no matter how much I liked it. I stepped out of the dressing room and hung the dress on a rack. I wanted the dress, but I just couldn't justify the price.
“Where's the dress Sam?” Chris asked.
“Chris I can't. I want that dress, but the price is... even if it were half off it's more than I want to pay for a dress,” I said.
“Go get the dress Sam, if you won't I will. I don't know anyone who could do to that dress what you did,” he said.
“Chris I felt like a queen wearing that dress and seeing the price I'd need to be a queen to afford it,” I said.
He stood there looking at me with a dare in his eyes. I had no idea the net worth of this man but if it was anywhere near what I thought this dress would tax even his ability to pay for it.
Kathy went back where I hung the dress on the rack and someone took it down and handed it to her. As soon as she had it she came back out and handed it to Chris rather than me. Never had I felt so betrayed. This little angel of mine was doing what she knew I was against and I wasn't sure why.
“Go find your shoes to wear with this dress Sam. This is one time the girls will side with me over you. Even they know this dress is one you need,” he said.
I gave Kathy what I hoped she would interpret as a hurt look and took her hand picking Nicole up and headed for the shoe department of the store we were in. I knew Chris would get the dress and even if he wasn't able to get the price down to something more reasonable he was going to buy it for me.
I found nothing even close to going with the dress, but didn't want to go somewhere else until Chris caught up with us.
“So did you find anything?” he asked.
“No not really. I'd like to look somewhere else,” I said.
It took a couple more hours and several stores before we finally found the right shoes to go with that white rose dress. Shoes that looked like they were made just for that dress. A three inch stiletto heeled sandal with straps that looked more like the branches of a rose bush than the leather they were made of. Over the toe were four white roses and miniature pink roses on the ankle strap. Chris didn't let me see the price tag on the shoes since he saw them first and just wanted to see what I thought before buying them for me.
I knew both girls needed tennis shoes and told him if he intended on spending so much on me he needed to consider spending a little on them as well. So they both got new shoes also at what I knew was a fraction of the cost of the shoes he just bought me.
We finished the shopping and headed for a nail salon. I don't remember ever feeling so happy being out with my two favorite girls and a man I truly adored, and new adored me as well.
“Well excuse... Sam? I... I never expected to see you here, not dressed like that anyway,” Sarah said.
“I could say the same thing Sarah, since I know that dress happened to be in a box you weren't suppose to have been in, now I'm wondering just how many of the other things I had in that box are missing as well,” I said.
“Sam I never got in those boxes. Mom gave me this dress, and said she found it on one of her thrift store excursions. I swear Sam I never went through any of those boxes without Kathy being right there so she knew what I took and what boxes I looked through. If this dress was in one of your boxes, I'm sorry I really didn't know,” she said.
“It's alright Sarah, Kathy already told me it was mom who went through the boxes I set apart from the rest. She told me when I picked them up the day I introduced her to my two girls.”
“Sam I really didn't know,” Sarah said.
“Is asshole with you?” I asked.
“If you mean Gordon, this was his idea. I called Kathy about maybe looking through the boxes again and she said she wasn't going to be home and you already called saying you were going to pick up all your things on Monday,” she said.
“So he's finally going to spend his money on the kind of clothes you've been getting from me for the last couple years? I'm sure that doesn't make him very happy,” I said.
“Sam I need to get away from him. He's totally lost it and is dressing our son up like a girl in case he's anything like you. He said I'm not allowed to wear skirts that come below mid thigh and insists the dresses Erica, and Kurt wear are so short they're showing their lacy panties all the time,” Sarah said.
“Where are Erica and Kurt? Sarah if you want my help I need to know right now. I'll get you away from him right now, if you'll promise you won't go back. He won't change Sarah, he cares nothing about you or the kids only what you mean to him in the eyes of that church,” I said.
“He's in there with the kids trying to find a pair of stilettos for Erica. Sam I promise I won't go back to him if you can get my kids away from him,” Sarah said.
I looked at the dress she was wearing and didn't remember it being so short and the hem seemed to drop to just a couple inches above her knees.
“I want you to stay out here with Chris and my girls, I'll be right back with your kids and you can stay with us the rest of the time,” I said.
“Thank you Sam,” she said.
I headed in the store Sarah indicated and saw Gordon sitting there holding Erica on his lap while some salesman was trying different shoes on her feet all of them with heels a child Erica's age should never have.
“I have an idea asshole, how about rather than putting adult shoes on a child we dress you up as the sissy you are. Erica why don't you take Kurt and join your mother just outside the store,” I said.
Gordon didn't try stopping Erica from getting off his lap or taking her brothers hand and walking out of the store.
“This isn't your turf Sam. The only reason I let them go out is because no one should have to see just what's going to happen to you now,” Gordon said.
I noticed all the children that had been in the store where now gone along with most of the women. The salesman was closing the store and I noticed Chris slip in just as the door closed and was locked.
“Gordon, I really thought you were smarter than this. If you think you and these punk friends of yours are really any match for me, you really don't know anything about me,” I said.
“Sam if you think you're going to just walk out of here now you're crazier than I thought you were already,” Gordon said.
“I don't think she's all that crazy, though I think you might be,” Chris said coming over to stand next to me. “Now if I were you and these punks you have with you I'd raise the blinds and unlock that front door. If you try anything beyond that there are going to be several people hurt and possibly even killed. You don't have anywhere near enough men here to over whelm two of the most decorated special forces officers this country has,” Chris said.
I saw fear enter into the eyes of several of the men standing with Gordon.
“Gordon I promised my sister before you married her I would always do everything in my power to protect her and her kids. Even before you started dating her I didn't like you, and only stayed out of the way because it was what she wanted. Just a few moments ago she told me what you were doing and asked me to help her and her kids. I'll let you guess who I'm more likely to believe between you and her, and who I'm more likely to protect because they asked for my protection. If you're afraid Chris or I might use our forty-fives to back us up, you don't need to worry I doubt either of us even have them with us, but don't think for a second that gives you a decided advantage because you have us out numbered three to one. We've both beat a hundred to one odds more than once,” I said.
Even Gordon now had fear showing in his eyes remembering all the stories about the kind of work my men and I did in the war.
He nodded to someone standing near the door and the blinds started back up and the man started unlocking the door.
“This isn't over Sam. You might have won for now, but this battle is a long way from over,” Gordon said.
We met Sarah and the kids just outside the door. And told her to either come over to our house or go to Kathy's. Tonight we wanted her to spend the night either at our house or at Chris' apartment, and Chris offered to have some of his men keep an eye on things if she chose the apartment.
She wasn't parked far from where my car was so I walked her to her car and Chris brought my car over to pick up the girls and I so we wouldn't have to try finding it after making sure Sarah was in her car safely away so Gordon couldn't do anything.
“Sam it would be better if one of us drove your sisters car in case someone tries following,” Chris suggested.
“Chris, Gordon knows where I live, and I'm sure he knows there are only a couple places I would take Sarah to protect her. No matter how you look at it he doesn't need to follow us to find her,” I said.
“So what do you suggest?” he asked.
“I agree it would be a good idea if we were the ones driving that way they might think twice about trying to force the car off the road. I have no doubt he'll report the car stolen so which ever of us drives her car she does need to be in it as well,” I said.
“Since you're her sister, it might be better if you drive her car then. I'll still have some of my men help with security though,” he said.
“I'll meet you back at the house then,” I said.
It didn't take long and there was a police car following and pulling me over. I hadn't violated any traffic laws so the only thing left was that Gordon had gone out looking for the car and found it gone. I pulled over and waited for the officer.
“License, registration and proof of insurance ma'am,” the officer said.
“Did I do something wrong officer?” I asked while getting out my driver license and proof of insurance.
Sarah handed me the registration and I noticed it was only her name on it.
“Ma'am could I get your license as well please, and if you have proof of insurance for the car that would be helpful as well,” the officer said.
Sarah got her driver license out and the proof of insurance that went with the car and handed them to me and I handed them to the officer.
“I'll be right back Miss Waters it seems someone may have filed a false stolen car report. I'm guessing you two are sisters,” he said.
“Yes officer we are. My sister was having some troubles and my boyfriend and I just happened to run into her and offered to help her out. She wasn't feeling up to driving so I offered to drive her car and my boyfriend is driving mine.”
“Your car is the one with the WH ROSE license plates ma'am?” he asked.
“White Rose,” I heard him say in a whisper I doubted even he heard. “I apologize Mistress I had no idea,” he said.
He handed me back all the paperwork and apologized several more times for having bothered me telling me if ever I needed anything to be sure to mention my name and I would get immediate service since the police department had several war vets who owed their lives to either the White Rose or Major Christopher Jacobs of Rose company.
“Officer my boy friend is Major Christopher Jacobs, Rose company commander,” I said.
Chapter 3
“Sarah, Mom is going to be baby sitting for me at my house tonight, it might be better if you stay either at Kathy's or Chris' apartment. Either way Chris is going to have people watching and his apartment is the better choice since Gordon doesn't have any idea where it is and it's gated so he won't be able to just spot the car from the road,” I said.
“I guess Chris' apartment since I know Kathy doesn't really have room and I don't want that asshole giving her a bad time because of me,” she said.
I smiled hoping that was the choice she would make, somehow I knew she wouldn't need to worry about him again if she showed up for the family dinner tomorrow though I had no idea what would be the reason.
The family dinner felt like it was going to be the awakening of a lot more than just me being able to finally be myself, but again I didn't know why it felt like there was going to be trouble when everything was looking like good news and joy.
Chris insisted on driving Sarah over to his apartment while I took care of getting the kids fed and getting ready to go out.
I wanted to get my nails done, but hadn't been able to go to a salon after running into Sarah. I'm not sure what would have happened if she hadn't asked for help, but I knew it was likely to be the last time she would find herself in a position to do so.
I took a shower while the girls played and found a robe to put on so I could get dinner started while my hair dried before I got dressed.
Jody had done what I requested and stacked all the dry goods on the counter so I could go through them and get them put away and anything that needed to be refrigerated was in the fridge in a manner I found very easy to live with. The freezer on the other hand was a total mess but without a nice upright freezer there wasn't much I could do about it.
I started going through everything and putting it away when I came across several spices I had never used and thought only for specialty dishes I had no idea how to make.
“Would you like some help with that?” Chris asked.
“Of course I would like some help with this. You could start by telling me what some of these spices are. The ones I had on the list were the only ones I use all the time and was low on,” I said.
He came over and started looking through the spices I set aside, and started laughing.
“I'm sorry Sam these are spices most people wouldn't have, they're more for specialty dishes we make at the restaurant. If you want to set things you aren't sure of aside I'll either help you know what they are or how to use them. Any you don't want or don't have room for I'll take into the restaurant, fair enough?” he asked.
“Fair enough. I did see a couple I don't have that I do want so please let me go through them before they disappear. If you want to go get dressed I can handle this for a while yet, plus I still need to finish making the girls dinner,” I said.
“I shouldn't be to long and if I'm done before the girls dinner I'm sure I can finish it and get them sat down to eat while you get dressed,” he said.
He disappeared into the master bedroom while I finished the kids dinner and got a few more of the spices put away before he came back out.
I needed to get dressed and knew there was no way I was getting in the dress I knew he had waiting for me by myself. The girls promised they would be good while Chris and I were in the bedroom so he could help me with the dress I still thought cost way too much.
“Chris I can handle this until I actually put the dress on then I'll need help with the zipper since I can't quite bend in the directions I would need to in order to get it all the way up,” I said.
He went back out with the girls and I did my makeup since I really didn't want to get any of it on the dress. I unpinned my hair letting it fall and realized it was going to have to wait until I had the dress on or I would end up having to do it all over again anyway. I heard the doorbell and hoped it was mom and dad since I knew it was getting very close to time we needed to leave to make our dinner reservations.
I couldn't quite make out the voices coming from the other room, but was sure it was mom and dad since the number of voices increased.
Someone tapped on my door and when I didn't answer right away they knocked a little louder.
“Sam are you decent?” Jeff asked.
What was he doing here? The last time I talked to him we had an argument and he told me he never wanted anything to do with me again, as far as he was concerned I was no long part of his family.
“What do you want Jeff?” I called back through the door.
“I need to talk to you, please Sam, can I come in?” Jeff asked.
“The door's not locked,” I said.
He opened it a little sticking his head in before pushing it open enough to come all the way in.
“So what do you want Jeff?” I asked.
“To talk. Sam what do you think of gay marriage?” he asked.
“I don't think it would be right for me, but I don't see how it would interfere with a marriage I was in, if a couple homosexual people want to get married I don't see why they shouldn't,” I said.
“You know I'm not supposed to be back yet don't you?” he asked.
“No Jeff I didn't know, but it does seem it hasn't been that long since you left,” I said.
“I wasn't supposed to be home for another year. They sent me home only they told me how I got here was up to me since I broke the rules,” he said.
“You broke the rules? They wouldn't even get you home? Why didn't you call me?” I asked.
“I got married. We were companions and both got sent home in disgrace,” he said.
“So how did you get home if your beloved church wasn't willing to get you home?” I asked.
“Jim's parents sent him the money for two plane tickets, but said that was the last they wanted to ever hear from him again. I needed to talk to mom and dad and he's hoping to talk to one of his brothers,” Jeff said.
“I see so my little brother is a flaming fag? Don't get mad Jeff I didn't mean that in a bad way. It doesn't matter to me if you're homosexual, and as long as you remember that damn church doesn't belong in my home you'll always be welcome here,” I said.
“I can promise the church will never come up again. Everything they did to Jim and I goes completely against what they said they believed,” he said.
“Jeff I would love to talk some more, but I'm trying to get ready for a date and I'm down to my dress and my hair. So unless you want to see me in just my panties I suggest you go in the other room and let Chris know I'm ready for his help with my zipper,” I said.
Chris came in and I found he was good at helping, not only with my zipper, but also with my hair. After he had my hair all pinned up he slipped a necklace around my neck without letting me see what it looked like telling me only that it went perfectly with what I was wearing. He even put earrings in my ears through the holes I was sure had sealed long ago. I felt them dangling against my neck and knew since Chris bought them they weren't costume jewelery. I wanted so much to looked in the mirror, but he made me promise not to and I wasn't about to break a promise I made to him.
When we entered the living room it was like the world stopped as everyone turned their attention to me.
Mom was the first to move coming over and reaching out, but drawing back her hand before she touched either the necklace or the earrings.
“I've never seen anything like that. The detail. Are those genuine?” Mom asked.
“I certainly hope so for what they cost,” Chris said.
Dad came over admiring the dress more than the jewelery and gently ran his fingers over each rose.
“I wonder if your sister could do something like that,” he mumbled I don't think caring if anyone really heard him.
“Mom my closet is off limits, in fact my bedroom is off limits for all but the girls, and they know they aren't to play in my room,” I said.
Mom gave me a dirty look that said she didn't give a shit about me saying my room and especially my closet were off limits. She intended to go through my closet and drawers anyway.
“It will be the last time you'll ever be invited to my home without someone other than dad and Jeff to watch you,” I thought to her and got a look of fear that said she understood and wouldn't go in my room.
When Chris had taken Sarah over to his apartment he brought back his car, he already had his bike at the house and now he had his car as well. It appeared he was moving in which I really didn't mind since I knew he would never accept me paying rent to him.
He opened the door for me, holding my hand as I slid into the passenger seat then gently closed the door with just enough force to insure it latched completely. He slid into the driver seat and before starting the car looked over at me leaning over and giving me a kiss.
“The necklace and earrings are a perfect match to your dress, small ruby roses surrounding a large diamond rose. The whole necklace is made using chips of the stones as are the earrings. When I saw them, I knew they were you,” he said.
I pulled down the visor and looked in the mirror and felt a tear fall on my cheek.
“Chris I'm not worthy of something this beautiful,” I said.
“I don't know anyone more worthy Sam. It's so hard to believe Ellen could be your mother, the two of you couldn't be more different. I imagine if your father were a woman though you would look just like him,” Chris said.
We arrived at the restaurant and the valet opened my door holding out his hand to assist me and I waited until Chris came around the car before taking his hand to get out. As I stood it was again like the world stopped everyone staring at me in my white rose evening gown with my white rose necklace and earrings.
“Chris is there something wrong with me? The way everyone is staring is getting a little unnerving,” I whispered.
“Sam there's nothing wrong with you, I think everyone is just taken by your beauty,” he said.
“My beauty? You've got to be joking. I know I don't look as homely as some girls, but there are a lot of women a lot more beautiful than I am,” I said.
“Tonight you are the most beautiful woman in the world Sam,” he said.
“To you maybe,” I said.
We entered the restaurant and were shown to a table immediately even though we were late for our reservation, and there were several people waiting for tables.
I noticed the table we had, though part of the main dining area, was off to one side and more private than most of the other tables.
“I get the impression it wouldn't have mattered what time we got here we would have been seated at this table,” I said.
This table is never given to anyone without my consent. You're the only one who has my consent. I hope you won't try using this table for business meetings, at least not often, but unless it's reserved in advance it will always be available to you,” he said.
“I've eaten here before. I think the first time was with my family and mom pulled her usual hour late if I'm not mistaken,” I said.
“I get the feeling there's no longer anything wrong with your memory,” he said.
“I think you'd be wrong. I find it hard to believe what I remember about the last two mission I was involved in and why I blacked out when they were complete,” I said.
“You mean about me biting you to join my magic with yours?” he asked.
“Something like that. Chris if those memories are right I'm the White Rose from the stories Mac told me. I'm still having trouble believing magic is real,” I said.
Wine was served along with a prawn appetizer.
We waited while Amber was hovering over the table filling the wine glasses and setting a small dish of prawns in front of each of us.
“Magic is real Sam. That doesn't mean it can't be explained only that there are some who can use it naturally and others who can even be taught to use it. The kind of magic I have, I received when I was bitten and became a vampire. Being a vampire isn't really all that bad, and we aren't what Hollywood would have people believe. In a battle we do have what is called a blood lust, but for the most part no respectable vampire would ever prey on someone just because they can. I would never bite someone just to taste their blood. The reason being once we start, if the blood is sweet, it's very hard to stop before the person would have lost so much blood it would kill them. If what I remember about those missions now is true, I could have killed you doing what I did,” he said.
“You did it because I asked you to Chris. I needed your magic to complete my magic for some reason,” I said.
“Did you hear how you said that Sam?” he asked.
“I heard. That doesn't mean I believe yet, it just means that's how I remember it,” I said.
He chuckled and we sat there as the main course was brought out.
“I know there's a reason you brought me to this restaurant other than you wanting to show off how efficient the people working for you are. Do you mind me asking when we are going to get around to that reason?” I asked.
“I thought it might be best to wait until after the main course. If you'd rather though we could move right into that part of the evening,” he said.
“No, after the main course is over is fine,” I said.
We didn't talk much through the rest of the meal and when desert was brought out I looked at him like he had lost his mind.
“Chris, I'm sorry, but there is just no way I can eat this. It was all I could do to eat most of that delicious meal. There just isn't room for something as rich as this cheesecake,” I said.
“It's okay Sam. I'm sure I can get them to put it in a container and we can take it home. Maybe your brother will eat it, he looks like he could handle a little more weight on his bones,” Chris said.
He asked Amber to please see the cheesecake was put in a to go box and waiting for us at the front when we were ready to leave. After the cheese cake was taken back in the back he came over so he was standing in front of me and dropped on one knee.
“Sam I don't know if this is really much of a surprise, I hope it isn't too much of one if it is. Would you consent to become my wife? Would you marry me?” he asked.
I had known my answer from the time he used the string to measure my finger. I looked at the ring he was holding and felt my breath stop. The center diamond looked like a rose surrounded by smaller rubies that also looked like roses.
I found myself fighting just to breathe having to think about each breath like I had forgotten how to breathe.
“Chris I...” The words were there I just had to get them out and trying to do so while still breathing was proving more difficult than I imagined possible. “I...” I felt like I had just run a hundred miles, breathing took so much of my concentration. “Ye...” did it come out that time. I stared in his eyes and saw compassion and love I didn't know was possible, but I also saw the look of someone waiting still to hear the answer to a question they'd asked. Samantha Geraldine Jacobs played through my mind over and over again, trying it on for size. I loved the sound, and again took a breath this time it came easier. “There is nothing I want more than to become your wife Chris. Becoming your wife has been a dream for longer than I've known who you were,” I said.
He slipped the ring on my finger and I felt the tears start flowing. He had a concerned look as he noticed the tears on my cheeks.
“Chris I've never been happier than I am at this moment. There is nothing to be concerned about from the tears,” I said.
“If you're sure about that. Sam I never want to hurt, or disappoint you,” he said.
“I don't believe you could do either of those things Chris,” I said.
“So these tear aren't because I hurt you?” he asked.
“Don't be silly Chris, like I said I've never been happier, except maybe the day Kathy and Nicole first called me mom, and yes there were tears running down my cheeks then too,” I said.
The words Jeff said in my room sank in fully and while I didn't want to go home I knew I needed to talk to Jeff and let him finish saying what he started saying in my bedroom. If what he said was what I thought he said I still didn't see how he was involved in a homosexual relationship unless Jim was actually Jill in disguise. If that were the case it really didn't matter to me, but I wasn't sure either mom or dad would be able to understand or accept.
Dad would be more likely to accept since he was willing to set his personal beliefs aside and allow someone else to choose what they wanted, but mom I doubted would be willing to accept regardless of what anyone said, or did, and Jeff would get the glares from mom that had been reserved solely for me.
“Chris I'm worried about Jeff. Something he was trying to tell me when I was getting dressed,” I said.
“I guess you'll want to talk to him in private. Sam I love you, and that love does extend to your family. If there is anything I can do to help, all they have to do is ask,” he said.
“I know that Chris. I'm sure Sarah understands that too. When I found out she married that ass I told her if she ever needed my help all she needed to do was ask, I'm not sure she understood what that meant until this afternoon in the mall,” I said.
We were ready to go and I noticed him signal someone, Amber was there almost instantly.
“Amber see that you give yourself a good gratuity won't you,” Chris said.
“I'll let Jody figure that out. Your cheesecake will be at the door on your way out,” Amber said.
Amber was true to her word about the cheesecake being at the door on our way out.
“You wouldn't care to share what it was your brother said before we left?” Chris asked.
“Chris how much to do you know about the predominant religion around here?” I asked.
“Enough to know I don't want anything to do with it, why?” he asked.
“It's the religion my family was born into. Jeff was on a mission for it and got sent home early. He said something about getting married and so they told him he couldn't be one of their missionaries anymore, but didn't even have the courtesy of getting him back home. From what he said his spouse was able to get enough money from his mom and dad to get home, but was told it would be the last he could ever expect from them,” I said.
“That sounds a lot like what my parents told me when I told them about Irene and I getting married,” he said.
“As far as I know I'm the only one Jeff has said anything too, I just wish I knew where his spouse is staying, it would be so much easier if I could get the story from both of them,” I said.
We got home and Jeff came flying out the door as soon as our headlights turned into the driveway.
Chris finished pulling up to the house and parked getting out and walking around to get my door for me and help me out of the car. He handed me the keys to his car and walked me around to the drivers' door opening it and asking me not to be to long.
“If you're going to talk to her Jeff you might as well get in so you can talk more privately,” Chris said.
Jeff slid in the passenger seat and closed the door.
“You might want to put your seat belt on, we can talk while we go,” I said.
He reached around for the seatbelt snapping it closed while I backed out of the driveway. It snapped closed as I put the car in drive and started down the street.
“Sam I haven't told anyone but you that Jim is a man. I didn't plan on falling in love with a man, but I can't imagine loving anyone else the way I do Jim,” Jeff said.
“What about the church, Jeff? You know they will never accept you as long as you and Jim are together,” I said.
“After the way they treated us I don't care if I never have anything to do with them again. All I know right now is I love Jim so much I hate being away from him,” Jeff said.
“Yet you're afraid of what mom and dad will say when they find out. Jeff I don't think you need to worry about dad, but mom may be an entirely different matter,” I said.
“But I always got a long better with mom than I did with dad,” he said.
“You weren't going against moms church where she could see. Do you really think mom will still accept you if she thinks you're gay, knowing what the church does to gay people?” I asked.
“You really don't like mom do you?” he asked.
“What's to like Jeff? All my life mom did everything she could to tear me down as a person. It was like she expected all her kids to be girls and I came along and spoiled that. By the time you came along she had given up on ever doing everything the church wanted from her and since you were her baby and I had already destroyed her plan she became more of a mother to you in hopes one day you'd become a man like Gordon who would ask his wife to do things no loving husband would ever dream of asking their wife to do,” I said.
“So you don't think there's any hope for her?” he asked.
“Until earlier this evening I didn't think there was any hope for you either. You proved me wrong, so I won't give up on mom until she either proves there isn't any hope, or she's dead. I only ask that you understand I don't see her ever giving up on her religion,” I said.
“Are you coming over for dinner tomorrow?” Jeff asked.
“I was planning to why?” I asked.
“I was thinking of bringing Jim to dinner so the family could meet him. Maybe you could help him find his brother, they haven't talked since his brother went in the Army,” Jeff said.
“It would help if I had a name, but I was in the Air Force not the Army,” I said.
“Jim's last name is Jacobs he said he had the same middle name as his twin brother,” Jeff said.
“Major Christopher James Jacobs? That wouldn't be his brother would it?” I asked.
“I guess I don't know, all I know is his brother's in the Army, or at least he was, Jim isn't sure if he still is or not,” Jeff said.
“If his brother is Major Jacobs he's still in the Army, and I do know how to get in touch with him, but then again so do you,” I said.
“Sam I don't know anyone in the Army,” Jeff said.
“Lets find out tomorrow shall we? If Major Jacobs is Jim's brother they'll see each other at dinner tomorrow,” I said.
“That ring is beautiful Sam. Is that what that dinner was about? He asked you to marry him? I guess you said yes or you wouldn't be driving his car and wearing that ring,” Jeff said.
I started laughing.
“He did ask, and you did say yes,” he said again.
“He did ask, and I did say yes. Please don't tell mom though the last thing I need is her trying to tear my hand off to look at the ring. I think the only reason she didn't rip this necklace and earrings off is because she knew she could never afford them if she damaged them,” I said.
“What about dad, you are going to tell him aren't you?” Jeff asked.
“I was hoping maybe dad would be willing to talk to me in my bedroom before you all leave. If he will I'll tell him then, but I want it to be a surprise for mom until dinner tomorrow,” I said.
I parked the car where Chris had parked it and before I could get the door open Chris was standing there opening the door and holding his hand to assist me in getting out.
“You know I used to be able to get in and out of a car by myself,” I said.
“That was before you became my fiancée,” Chris said.
“I see, so saying yes at the restaurant tonight made me totally helpless, is that it?” I asked.
“Sounds good to me,” Chris said.
“How do you feel about my brother having married another man?” I asked.
“Whatever trips his trigger. If he's happy that's all the matters isn't it?” Chris asked.
“Do you have a twin brother?” I asked.
“I did have, but that was a long time ago. He made it plain how he felt about me. If I remember correctly something like hell would freeze over long before he wanted to ever see me again,” Chris said.
“What if it turned out he's gay and disowned by the rest of your family? Could you let him be your brother again?” I asked.
“He never stopped being my brother Sam, at least not to me. I would love to talk to him again to be able to give him a hug, if he's gay so what he's still my brother, something I haven't had other than strangers that have accepted me as a brother, in a very long time,” Chris said.
“I thought that was how you'd feel about it. Why don't you talk to Jeff for a while, I need to talk to my dad,” I said.
“You mean let him know I don't care what kind of marriage he has as long as they're both happy,” he said.
“Something like that. Maybe you could even tell him some stories you know about me, I know he'd like that, Mac said that was all he ever wanted to talk about before Mac got out and moved away,” I said.
“I just might do that Sam. Let him know why so many people think his sister is so wonderful,” Chris said.
“Try to keep the stories with at least a little truth in them,” I said.
I gave Chris a hug and kiss and headed in the house meeting mom just inside the door.
“I guess it's time we get going since you're back. Did you know your little brother is married now? He won't tell your father and I anything about his new wife though. I thought we raised him better than that. I'll bet he told you all about her didn't he?” Mom said.
“If Jeff didn't tell you about his marriage then you'll need to ask Jeff about it. What Jeff and I talked about is between Jeff and I, and none of your business Ellen. If you want to go, go. I need to talk to dad and Chris is talking to Jeff. I'm sure we can get them home after we talk to them,” I said.
“So you can tell your dad who isn't even your real father, but you can't tell me what's going on,” Mom said.
“I'm glad you finally admitted that Ellen, but dad is more my parent than you ever were. I promised Jeff I wouldn't give up on you yet, but you do make it hard not to give up on you. What I need to talk to dad about is none of your business so if you don't mind,” I said brushing past her.
I brushed past her and took dad by the arm leading him back to my old bedroom.
“Dad why do you put up with Ellen's shit?” I asked.
“Sam you don't understand,” Dad said.
“What don't I understand? How can I understand if you won't explain it to me?” I asked.
“I'm not sure how to explain it Sam. Do you remember when you came home on leave and dressed me as Norma that first time? I had never felt so complete. I had never felt so right. I felt like I was all of you kids mom, not like I gave birth that I could only have wished for, but I still felt like your mom. And you and Kathy even called me mom and referred to Ellen the way you just did,” Dad said.
“So why won't you be my mom now? Why won't you tell Ellen to shove her church since I know she'll never leave it. I want to help you be whoever is right for you, but just as Sarah needed to get away from Gordon you need to get away from Ellen,” I said.
“What do you mean about Sarah getting away from Gordon?” Dad asked.
“I ran into Sarah at the mall this afternoon. A long time ago I told her, Kathy and Jeff if they ever needed help I'd be there for them. Gordon was trying to put Erica in stilettos. Did you know he has Kurt and Erica dressing in dresses that show off their panties. Did you know he told Sarah to get all the shortest dresses and skirts I had and if they weren't short enough for him he made her take up the hem? Did you know he was asking her to sleep with other men, even demanding she sleep with other men?” I asked.
“No I didn't know any of that, but that doesn't tell you why I can't tell Ellen to fuck off,” Dad said.
“If it's because you're afraid of losing us kids, it's time you do tell her to get out. Ellen knew what Gordon was trying to do to Sarah and was even helping him do it. Ellen will never accept Jeff's spouse, anymore than she will ever accept mine. Kathy left the church years ago and I left it even longer ago. I'm pretty sure both Sarah and Jeff want nothing to do with that church any longer, and will likely start training as witches with either Kathy or some of the others in her coven. Dad I've always trusted you because you were always willing to listen to reason, to accept that I couldn't follow blindly something that to me made no sense,” I said.
“Sam if I knew I could feel as female as I did when you came home on leave, I would tell Ellen to fuck off in a heart beat, but only if it meant I didn't have to go back to this,” Dad said.
When you get home take that dress Ellen is wearing and wash it, tomorrow when I get there with the kids I'll help you get dressed and every dress that Ellen took from me will be yours and the hem lengths will be back where they were instead of where they are now, but tomorrow I need you to have the dress Ellen was wearing here so we can use it to help you dress as mom rather than someone you hate being,” I said.
“Can I ask why it needs to be that dress?” Dad asked.
“What do you see when you look at me?” I asked.
“I see a lot of white roses, and a few pink roses too,” he said.
“That dress Ellen is wearing used to have a white rose across the left breast and a pink one across the right breast. I am The White Rose and Chris is The Pink Rose. Together we are The Rose of Magic, but it is my magic that will make the whole thing work and I need my White Rose to help right now,” I said.
“Sam like I said if I can be the woman I've always wish I were, all the time I wouldn't put up with Ellen's shit as you call it,” Dad said. “I'll see what I can do, I know she'll toss it in the laundry when she gets home if she doesn't destroy it.”
“How many of my dresses has she destroyed?” I asked.
“Sam after you stopped by she called Sarah asking if she was going over to look through anymore of your boxes at Kathy's. I doubt there are half the dresses you had still there and lately all of them Ellen has taken have been altered to be so revealing wearing nothing would have been more modest, she even made me wear some of them after they were altered,” Dad said.
“I can't let you or Jeff go home with that woman, mom. Forget that dress we'll find another way. I'll call Kathy and I want to have the family dinner here tomorrow,” I said.
“Sam you're going to make things worse if you do that. The church leaves you alone here because they don't care about you. If we move the family dinner though there will be questions and if I'm not there to defuse things tonight Ellen will likely talk to someone and they will come here looking for trouble,” Dad said.
“If we have it there they'll be looking for trouble as well,” I said.
“Sam please trust me Jeff and I will be alright and it would still be better to have dinner at our house,” Dad insisted.
“I don't like the idea dad, but if you're sure you'll be able to handle things I won't try stopping you,” I said.
“Honey it's the only way to keep things from happening tonight. With any luck the fight you had with Ellen will blow over by dinner time tomorrow and we will be able to have a nice quiet family dinner,” he said.
There was no talking dad out of this when I knew he had his mind set, besides he might be right, and the argument I had with Ellen might blow over with the new day.
Ellen stuck around waiting for dad and Jeff and when dad and I emerged from the bedroom Chris and Jeff looked like they had concluded whatever they talked about. Mom was trying to get Kathy to go back to bed stopping just short of threatening her with a spanking.
“Ellen if Kathy is out of bed there's a reason for it. If you can't be bothered to find out the reason and she isn't causing a problem other than you don't think she should be out of bed perhaps I won't ask you to every watch my girls again,” I said.
I picked Kathy up and held her in my arms hoping once Ellen was gone she would be willing to talk to me.
Chris and I walked Ellen, dad and Jeff out to the car and Chris said something to Jeff that had me wondering just what they talked about. We stood there and watched them drive off and once they were around the corner headed back in the house.
“Is there something you want to talk about Kathy?” I asked.
I was interested in why Kathy was out of bed, but was in no way angry because of it. I learned over the last year of taking care of her and Nicole that if there was something wrong patience was the only way of getting them to talk.
“Mommy does grandma have to come here anymore?” she asked.
“Why don't you tell me what happened Kathy, if grandma did something wrong she won't be allowed back here again,” I said.
“You said she wasn't pose to go in any of the rooms specially not your room,” she said.
“That's right honey,” I said.
“Mommy she went in your room, then said if Nicole or I told you she would hurt you and us,” Kathy said.
So the fight had started and Ellen fired the first shot. She had deliberately done what I told her not to do in my house. I fully intended to make sure my girls knew where that woman was concerned it wasn't them that needed to fear.
“Thank you for telling me Kathy, I don't want you to worry about things I will take care of this and I promise Ellen won't ever come here as a welcome guest again. I need you to go back to bed now and daddy and I will be in to tuck you in so you have only sweet dreams,” I said.
She ran in her room and jumped into bed. Chris looked at me and smiled.
“Those two little girls adore you. I doubt there is much of anything you couldn't get them to do simply by asking,” Chris said.
“And what about their father, do I have that same claim for him?” I asked.
“I think maybe you might. I think we better go tuck her in so she doesn't think we forgot,” he said.
We got both girls tucked in, and Chris started telling them a story while I went and changed into something less formal and more appropriate for bed.
I listened to the story Chris was telling the girls and wanted to beat him when I realized what the story was all about. I let him finish the story and waited until we were in our room with the door closed before saying anything.
“How could you tell them that story? I've been trying to get past stories about the White Rose ever since Mac told me about them and then you tell them to our daughters,” I said.
“Sam I never said anything about you, they wanted a story so I told them the one I heard when I was recovering after I was wounded and presumed dead. It seemed the whole time they told me children's stories about someone called the White Lotus, I changed it to the White Rose simply because it was easier than trying to explain what a lotus is to the girls,” he said.
“I'd rather you just didn't tell them stories about either the White Rose or the White Lotus. They are both the same thing, or I should say the same person, just different cultures,” I said.
“You really don't like those stories, do you?” he asked.
“I might like them better if they hadn't been applied to me by so many people over the years,” I said.
“Maybe if you hadn't been so good at getting out of tight places,” he said.
“A lot more people would be dead. Please I don't regret saving lives, I do regret that so many of those whose lives I saved think those stories are about me. I simply did a job I was qualified to do, I had men that I trusted and who trusted me and were either as genius, or crazy, as I was helping me do that job. That doesn't make me anything special, at least not special in the way the White Rose, or White Lotus are in those stories,” I said.
“Sam I do understand your resentment toward having people attribute those stories to you. Believe me I do understand because I've had them attributed to me as well,” he said.
I hadn't meant to get so upset. I did see the stories as harmless children's stories, but for some reason so much of what was in those stories I saw in myself, I even thought maybe they weren't just children's stories, and were stories about me. I heard people refer those stories to Chris and his Rose company, but not nearly as often as they had to me and my White Rose unit. Maybe I made a mistake in naming my unit White Rose, but the white rose was the symbol of my strength and I was the strength of my unit.
I lay in bed and started drifting off hoping to make love to the man from my dreams, but couldn't seem to stay awake long enough to wait for him to change and get in bed. It seemed I felt the bed move when he slid in and then I smelled coffee and felt like I had slept for several hours even though it seemed I just laid down.
“Good morning sunshine. What time did we need to leave to go over to your parents for that family dinner?”
“The dinner won't be until three, but I was hoping we might go over around ten so Ellen doesn't put it on before she goes to church and have everything so over cooked it isn't edible,” I said.
Chris set a tray of food over my lap and both Kathy and Nicole came running in jumping on the bed and reaching in to take a strip of bacon from the tray.
“How long have you three been up, and why didn't any of you get me up?” I asked.
“The girls got up while I was finishing making breakfast, and I haven't been up all that long,” Chris said.
“I hope you know I could get spoiled being served breakfast in bed like this,” I said.
I picked up a slice of bacon and the cup of coffee sitting up just a little higher propping the pillows behind my back to try making it more comfortable.
“I think I remember you coming to bed last night, but I have no idea what time, and only slightly remember feeling the bed move when you got in,” I said.
“I don't think I've ever seen anyone go out as fast as you did last night. We came in and you slid in bed while I got undressed by the time I finished you were out,” he said.
Could I have really gone out that fast. It did seem that as soon as I laid down I was asleep, but I knew there were times it felt that way and had been laying there for hours before falling asleep.
Between the kids and Chris eating from the plate on the tray he brought me I didn't get much of a breakfast. The one slice of bacon I took when I straightened up to make it easier to eat, a couple fork fulls of scrambled eggs along with one fork full of hash-browns and the plate was empty. Kathy and Nicole drank the orange juice and Chris drank the glass of milk.
“I take it this was a community plate?” I asked.
“Actually, no we ate before coming in,” Chris said.
“I guess I should be glad of that, at least I did get a little of my breakfast,” I said.
They all looked chastised which had been my intent. Chris offered to make me a little more breakfast promising that neither he nor the kids would eat any of it.
“That's alright Chris. Really I've had plenty, I was just seeing if any of you realized what you did,” I said.
Chris picked up the tray and ushered the girls out of the bedroom letting me know it wouldn't be any trouble to fix me a little more breakfast and was out the door headed back to the kitchen.
I got out of bed and walked in the restroom to freshen up and finish waking up. I hadn't been all that hungry and still wasn't, so the fact I hadn't really gotten much of the breakfast Chris fixed didn't really bother me. I looked in the mirror and saw what looked like a very light mark next to my right eye and wondered if maybe it wasn't just the fading wrinkles from last nights sleep.
I washed my face and didn't bother looking to see if the mark was still there since I couldn't really feel it, and it had been so light to start I didn't think much of it and was surprised I had seen it at all.
I opened my closet and started going through it looking for something I felt would be appropriate for the day without being so uncomfortable I would hate having chosen it to wear.
I noticed a couple empty hangers and tried to remember what should have been on them. After several minutes I realized the dresses that should have been on those hangers weren't dresses per se as much as they were tops that went with a couple pairs of slacks I had, but as yet hadn't worn.
I bought two business style pant suits and now the tops for both were missing. I would never have worn those tops without the jackets and slacks they were bought to go with since the tops by themselves would be to short as dresses even for me and to shear without the jackets to wear in public under any circumstances.
“Chris can you come in here please?” I asked.
When he entered I showed him the empty hangers and explained what should have been on them.
“I don't want to accuse her of stealing them, but I don't have any other explanation,” I said.
“They aren't in the laundry?” he asked.
“I guess they could be, but I've never worn either of them. If they're in the laundry I didn't put them there,” I said.
I found a dress that was short enough to get a snide remark from Ellen, but a far cry from being as immodest as wearing those two tops that were missing without either slacks, or skirt and jacket.
Once I was dressed I started looking through the laundry going through the laundry in my room then the kids room finishing with the laundry in the laundry room. The tops were missing and I had just bought them the previous day. I hadn't even taken the tags off them yet.
I helped the girls get dressed and asked Kathy if she had seen Ellen take anything from my room when she had been in it the night before.
“So you didn't see Ellen take anything out of my room when she came out yesterday?” I asked.
“No mommy, I didn't see her come out only go in,” Kathy said.
“How about you Nicole? Did you see grandma Ellen come out of my room yesterday?” I asked.
“Uh-huh. She had a bag when she came out,” Nicole said.
Chapter 4
We arrived at moms very close to the ten o'clock point I said I wanted to be there. Dad let us in asking why we came over so early since dinner wasn't going to be until at least three o'clock.
“Dad can we talk please. It's about Ellen and hopefully she's at church so I don't have to feel the accusatory stares she gives me anytime she thinks I'm not being fair,” I said.
“It's about those two tops of yours she took isn't it?” he asked.
“So she did take them?” I asked.
“When we got home and I saw them, I put them in a bag so she wouldn't do anything with them. Sam I can't imagine you having anything like that unless it goes with something else that will cover most of it,” Dad said.
“I bought them to go with a couple business suits I have. I had no intention of wearing them without either the skirts or slacks and the jackets of the suits. I know she intends to wear them as dresses, with nothing over, or under them,” I said.
“If you'll give me a minute I'll get them for you. Sam I hope you don't think I had any part in taking them,” Dad said.
“Your welcome to anything I have dad. Ellen isn't welcome to anything I have any longer, and everything she took of mine she will lose now. I need to know if this house is yours or hers,” I said.
“The house is hers, why?” he asked.
“Can you tell me where Jeff is staying, a phone number, anything?” I asked.
“Jeff and Jim are staying at one of the least expensive motels in town. I think it's out by the military base. Jeff said something about having stayed there, after you came home, but before you got out of the Air Force,” he said.
“I know the motel and he had someone staying with him that was more than a match for any bad element that might be hanging around that area. If he's smart he'll let anyone that tries bothering him know I'm his sister,” I said.
I told Chris where they were staying and asked if he would be willing to pick them up and take them back to the house I'd help dad get his things together and call Sarah and Kathy and let them know the family dinner was being moved to our house.
“Sarah I don't want you coming over to moms, it isn't safe and Chris and I are moving the family dinner to our house,” I said.
“Sam I know you and Chris went out last night, but the way you said that it sounds like you two are married already,” Sarah said.
“It will all be explained at the dinner. Chris is picking up Jeff and should be home in an hour I still need to call Kathy and let her know, get mom packed up and all my things Ellen stole from me, then mom and I will be headed back over to my house,” I said.
Sarah finally agreed to meet at my house by two o'clock and I found out Scott was still there with her and asked to speak with him just to insure she wouldn't forget.
“You've reached the Nielsen residence, please leave a message and we will try to get back to you as soon as possible,” I head Kathy said via her answering machine.
“Kathy it's Sam Please I hope you get this before heading...” Kathy picked up cutting me off.
“What's going on Sam?” Kathy asked.
“The family dinner is being moved to my house. Ellen is not invited nor is Gordon. There is some big news to share so if you could be there about two this afternoon,” I said.
“What happened Sam?” Kathy asked.
“Mom and Ellen were babysitting for me last night and I made sure to let Ellen know my bedroom was strictly off limits. This morning when I was looking for something to wear I noticed two hangers empty that shouldn't have been. Two tops I bought to go with a couple business suits should have been on those hangers. Mom said she didn't know anything about it until she got home and saw them in Ellen's bag,” I said.
“You do know Ellen and Gordon will cause problems,” she said.
“At my house it's problems I can more easily handle and I'm not letting mom go back to Ellen's and Sarah has already left Gordon and I think has already found a new boyfriend,” I said.
“I hope you're right. So what's this big news about?” she asked.
“You make wedding dresses don't you?” I asked.
“Sam you know that's what my shop specializes in,” she said.
“Good I need a White Rose wedding dress. I want a corset top full skirt and trimmed in pink roses,” I said.
There was a long pause, and I was afraid she might say something about my request.
“Are you still there Kathy?” I asked.
“I'm still here I was just thinking. I'll bring my computer with so we can go over just what it is you want in a wedding dress. Do you need me to bring any of your boxes over?” she asked.
“Only if you have room for them. If it wouldn't be too much trouble could you bring over my suitcases. What I have in them is more important than what's in the boxes,” I said.
Norma had been gathering up all the things she knew Ellen had stolen from me and getting them in her car.
When I hung up from talking with Kathy, Norma said she would appreciate me making one more round through the house to make sure she didn't miss anything.
Norma started to slide into the driver seat and stopped.
“Maybe it would be better if you drive until I know all my paperwork has the right name on it,” she said.
“It has the right information on it, but it still might be better if I drive. Mom I hope you understand I can't let you come back here,” I said.
“Where am I suppose to go Sam? This is the only home I've had since you were conceived,” Mom said.
“You can stay with us at least until you find an apartment or Chris and I are married and move into the house he's having built for me,” I said.
I backed out of the drive and saw Ellen turn onto the street followed by Gordon. I swore and pulled back in the drive just enough to turn so I was headed the opposite direction so they couldn't cut us off. I didn't need Ellen knowing all the clothes she had stolen from me were in the car, and if she found out the alterations she made to them were undone, the trouble would have been even worse with Gordon there trying to throw his weight around.
I sped down the street trying not to speed anymore than necessary and rounded the corner to find the way blocked by cars parked on both sides of the street. I stopped and backed up just enough to go the opposite direction again and found a single lane on the street out of the neighborhood.
Once out of the neighborhood if they were trying to follow me they would have found it difficult at best and trying to box me in became virtually impossible.
I took the long way around town getting back to my place and smiled as Kathy pulled up just ahead of me.
“I'm guessing the trouble has already started,” Kathy said.
“I don't know, if they were following us they did so in such a way I never spotted them,” I said.
We all went inside and got dinner started Chris still wasn't back, but I didn't really expect him to be for some time since he was picking up his little brother.
Once dinner was started Kathy insisted she wanted to know about the dress I wanted.
“Tell me little sister that I didn't hear what you said correctly. A White Rose wedding dress?” she asked.
“You heard correctly. Kathy take a look at the ring I'm wearing. My dress last night when Chris took me out to dinner was something I could only imagine from dreams. I wanted to smack him for getting it, but loved it so much I just couldn't,” I said.
I took her in my bedroom and showed her the dress I had worn when Chris finally asked me to marry him.
“Imagine me wearing this dress with this necklace and these earrings,” I took out the necklace and earrings so she could see them. “Then he gave me this ring. You can only imagine how I felt. The way everyone stared it was like I was a queen and they were all my subjects,” I said.
“It's started,” she said under her breath. “He didn't bite you did he?” she asked.
“Why would he have bitten me? You mean because he's a vampire, or at least he says he is?” I asked.
“So you still don't believe magic is real?” she asked.
“I don't know. I don't think magic as told in stories is real. The being able to have things simply because you want them, to make thing appear out of nothing kind of magic. That I can't believe in, but maybe there is magic, a magic like how we care and watch out for each other. That's the kind of magic I can believe in. I know the kind of magic you say you have is that kind of magic, but the magic Chris says he has is that kind of magic too. Maybe they have different sources, but they're still the same kind of magic,” I said.
“Sam blood magic and elemental magic are nothing alike,” Kathy said.
“How can you say that Kathy? What makes them different? The source of the magic? I know Chris loves me enough he wouldn't let anything happen to me if he can prevent it. I know you feel that way about your husband and kids. That's magic that matters. That's the strongest kind of magic possible. It's the love that drives both kinds of magic,” I said.
She looked at me like I had lost my mind, then her expression changed like someone turning on a light.
“I never thought of it that way before. I'm not sure anyone has, but it does make sense and if what you're saying is the definition of real magic then the feud between witches and vampires is ridiculous beyond belief,” she said.
We went through several designs she had with her none of them quite right but several that were very close. We found the skirt I wanted in one design and the corset top in another. None of the designs had the roses I wanted on the dress, but she said the chance of finding them were slim at best in any design of a wedding dress.
Chris finally made it back with Jeff and Jim and came in spotting Kathy and keeping a distance I didn't understand.
“Chris I didn't see you welcome my oldest sister,” I said.
All the kids came running in laughing and Kelli stopped as soon as she got near Chris. I noticed she looked over at her mother before getting close enough for Kathy to introduce her to Chris as her daddy.
Kelli said she was glad she could come over and play with Kathy and Nicole because she liked them even though they were vampires instead of witches like her mom and aunt Sam.
When I heard her say I was a witch it took all I could do not to laugh. Me a witch? I found the thought so strange yet in a way compelling. Could I really be a witch? Could I control magic? Was my definition of magic what magic really was?
I looked over at Kathy and saw she was trying to hide herself and it made the whole thing even funnier.
“I'm a witch am I?” I asked.
“She wasn't suppose to say that where you could hear it,” Kathy said.
“She likely wouldn't have said it at all if someone she trusts hadn't told her,” I said.
“Alright I told her. Sam everyone seems to think I'm the most powerful witch in the last thousand years maybe even more. The thing is I couldn't manage to do any of the magic possible until I was trained to do so. You on the other hand use magic almost daily and refuse to even acknowledge magic exists,” Kathy said.
“I don't do magic, I wouldn't begin to even know how,” I said.
“That's why when you said you wanted a White Rose wedding dress it took me so totally off guard. I know all it would take is one use of the right magic and your denial of magic would end. The thing is every time I've seen you do magic it's more like the magic is doing itself and just using you as a conduit,” she said.
“I don't do magic, Kathy,” I said.
“Then explain mom, hell, explain yourself for that matter,” she said.
“What is that suppose to mean?” I asked.
“You and mom were both born male yet you're both one hundred percent female. Sam I'm the coven leader of the White Rose coven. I learned from the last leader what magic is able to do and she learned from the leader before her, on back for over a thousand years. The kind of magic that could make both of you fully female isn't possible for any witch but one, and even then that kind of magic isn't told in any of the stories,” Kathy explained.
“If you call me The White Rose from those children's stories I swear I'll smack you,” I said.
“I wasn't going to call you The White Rose, I know how much you hate when someone does that, even when they're referring to your old military unit,” Kathy said.
“I'm not a witch, I can't be, I don't believe in witchcraft,” I said.
“Neither did I at first. It wasn't until someone showed me how some things I did were woven together that I started believing,” she said.
“So you used magic without knowing?” I asked.
“Not like the magic you use. Sam I've seen you do things even a full casting coven couldn't begin to do, things like turning yourself and mom into women fully. It wouldn't surprise me if you could identify what everyone here is simply by the kind of magic they have,” she said.
“You're crazy. Everyone here except my girls Scott and Chris are the same. Scott feels close to the same as Chris and the girls, but there is something different that I can't explain. More of a wildness like a wolf on the hunt,” I said.
“A werewolf. I'm sure if we asked he would confirm that's what he is. Care to try out my theory?” she asked.
“Now you're telling me werewolves are real too. Kathy I'm still coming to grips with the fact Chris is a vampire, and the only reason I believe that is he told me he is,” I said.
Dinner was ready to put on the table and everyone took a place at a table that to the best of my knowledge was nowhere near big enough to seat that many people. I insisted that mom sit at the head of the table with Chris sitting at the other end.
Once everyone was seated mom looked down the table as though not sure what to do. She knew neither Kathy nor I believed in gods and was no longer sure anyone else did either.
“Does anyone have any words to say before we dish up the food and start enjoying a good meal with wonderful family and friends?” Mom asked.
Chris stood up and looked around the table.
“It seems we are a mix of life. A mix that for generations has been mortal enemies. I know there are some here who don't trust me and feel very uncomfortable in my presence, I assure you the feeling is mutual it isn't any easier for me than it is for you. We do have one thing in common though. Sitting at this table we are all family, and I propose whatever difference we have be set aside, that we all share in the love of family,” Chris said.
Everyone finished with an amen when he stopped and sat again. Mom stood and started cutting the roast making sure the more well done pieces went to Sarah, Kathy, Jeff, their kids and husbands. For the rest of us we preferred our meat rare almost raw. Kathy saw I took a piece of roast as rare as the one Chris had and shook her head.
“I learned to love meat cooked this way from my time in the special forces, Kathy. I remember when I had to have my meat cooked as well as yours, but anymore I prefer this,” I said.
She rolled her eyes at me and I realized she heard everything I had meant to say but hadn't.
“Are you still denying you have magic Sam? Explain then how it is you can hear me and were able to explain why you like your meat raw,” she said.
I stuck my tongue out at her and saw everyone looking at me.
“Kathy made faces at me I was just returning the favor,” I said.
We did enjoy the rest of the meal everyone catching up on what was happening in their lives since the last time we were able to all be together.
Kathy started by telling us all her shop was doing so well she was thinking of expanding and possibly opening another store. Everything with Brent was going great and he had a couple offers from local companies that sounded very promising when he graduated in the fall.
Sarah was next telling how she left Gordon and was looking at polishing up on her job skills so she would be able to take care of her kids and get a place of her own.
Next it was my turn and I smiled and just held up my hand to show off the ring Chris had given me. I let them all know I was on vacation for the next week and if any of them needed my help this was the time.
“Sam have you and Chris set a date yet?” Mom asked.
I looked at Chris and smiled. “Veterans day. A formal ceremony in the morning with a military reception in the evening,” I said.
“That sounds lovely.” Mom said.
“You mean we'll finally get to see all your medals, sis?” Jeff asked.
“I doubt I'd have room for all of them Jeff, but I will be wearing the most important ones. Besides, I think I only have half as many as Chris has,” I said.
It was now Jeff's turn and he started by saying he was home because the church didn't think he should fall in love. I saw both our sisters look from Jeff to Jim and back to Jeff. Since no one said anything he nudged Jim to have him stand and introduced his husband to everyone. All of a sudden everyone was looking from Jim to Chris and back to Jim.
“After Jim was able to get enough money from his folks to get us back home when we got here they told him they never wanted to see him again. His oldest brother even went as far as to say if either of us ever showed back up on their property or even one of their places of business he would kill us,” Jeff said.
I looked at Chris wanting to know if something like that could be true. The blank stare I saw in his eyes confirmed such a thing was well within the realm of something his brother or even father might say.
“Jim told me about another brother, one who had gone in the Army and been disowned by his brother and father. One he fought with a few years earlier and wished to apologize to if only he could find him. It seems strange how things work out sometimes. In trying to find Jim's brother we didn't have to look past our own family. It seems Sam's been keeping Jim's brother handy, so Jim being able to find him became simply a matter of visiting my little sister,” Jeff concluded.
It finally dawned on mom and my sisters just what Jeff was saying. That he had fallen in love with another man and married him somewhere that homosexual marriage was legal. They had a brother-in-law because our little brother, the one who had always seemed to follow along with what Ellen said or did, had done something so out of character that when and if Ellen found out about it she would blow a gasket.
The circle was complete now all of us kids had turned our backs on the religion of our birth. Sarah by leaving the man she had been forced into marrying, Kathy by turning to witchcraft, me because I couldn't follow blindly something that couldn't be explained logically, and now Jeff because he chose love over religion.
Jeff started to sit down and something hit the house. Chris was on his feet instantly as was Scott and I.
“Don't bother sitting Jeff. Mom, Kathy, Sarah take the kids in the basement that includes you Jeff and Jim. Scott will you please go with them in case any of the people outside actually make it past Chris and I,” I said.
Chris and I found our forty-fives, and we headed for the front door.
Once we knew everyone was safely in the basement we opened the door and walked out onto the porch.
“Is there something we can do for you people?” I asked.
“You could stop pretending to be something you're not Samuel Waters,” Ellen yelled out.
“I'm afraid there's not a Samuel Waters here Ellen, but then I guess you mean me don't you? I think if you'd bother to look though you'd find every document pertaining to me says my name is Samantha Waters female daughter of Norma Waters, father unknown. Now is there something you need here? So you do understand the police have been notified and you are all trespassing on private property. If you're willing to leave I have no doubt my fiancée and I can conveniently forget the names of everyone gathered here,” I said.
“Send out my wife Sam and I'll leave,” Gordon yelled.
“I don't think she wants to come out Gordon. She just told all the family she left you and why. If I were you I'd seriously think about either giving her whatever she wants in the divorce or finding out if you can handle jail life. I have no doubt there's someone in jail that would be willing to dress you up in outfits like the ones you tried forcing her to wear,” I said.
“I heard Jeff is back from his mission. I was hoping to talk to him about the reasons behind his return since he wasn't due back for at least another year,” someone I didn't know said.
“Why don't you call and make an appointment, I'm sure between my fiancée and I we can make sure he keeps it, as long as you understand either my fiancée or I will be there the whole time and Jeff will not leave our sight,” I said.
“Just send out the fagot, or we'll come in and drag him out,” the man yelled.
“You would challenge The White Rose in her own domain? The foolishness of mere mortals. They say, we worship a god yet where is their god? Where is his power and might? Is their god able to call down fire from the heavens to burn away all that is lost? Nay their god is powerless and exists only in the hearts of fools. I could command you kneel before for me, that you send up your prayers to me only, but to what purpose? Do I need your prayer to affirm me queen of all things magical? Nay, those who know me do so freely of their own accord, I have no need of worshipers to lift me to a place I care not for. Away from here you foolish mortals, I have no time for your foolishness.” 
I heard the thought as though it had come from my own mouth. I looked at Chris and knew he heard the words of the thought also, yet looking out on those gathered, those foolish mortals I could see few of them heard a word of the thought.
“Sir, do you really believe there are enough of you here to slide past the two highest decorated special forces officers this country has ever had? That you have a prayer of tempting fate in our home? On our turf? Are you really foolish enough to not understand you are surrounded by a full company of special forces warriors who have proven themselves in multiple battles. You're here with a bunch of soft civilians with no real taste for blood,” I said.
“Do you really believe us to be stupid enough to believe something like that Miss Waters? You make it sound like you and your boyfriend there are White Rose reconnaissance and Rose company,” someone yelled.
“The power of the rose is great sir. The White Rose the greatest of all. With a mere thought I can call on my brethren and they will stand for me that I might not soil my hands on the likes of such trivial things.”
Again the thought of the kind of power at my disposal, and again it seemed Chris and I were the only ones who heard the thought.
“If you know of the White Rose reconnaissance unit then you should know it was commanded by Captain Samantha Waters. Rose company still is commanded by Major Christopher Jacobs,” I didn't know how, but I did know that Chris and I were now standing in front of these people wearing our field uniforms. “While my White Rose team is spread out across the country since leaving the armed services, I have no doubt I could have everyone of them here in moments in uniform ready to fight. My reconnaissance unit should however be the least of your concerns since my fiancées Rose company is all here right now and has you all surrounded, awaiting his command,” I said.
“You're a witch!” I heard someone yell.
“I hear the police sirens you have until the flash of their lights can be seen to disperse from here. If you are still here when their lights come into view you will face arrest for criminal trespass with the intent to cause harm,” I said.
The crowd that had gathered started breaking up as more and more of the sirens were heard. Most of those leaving I felt a spark of magic in though at the time I wasn't sure what it was I felt. The disgust that these people would have gathered in the start was enough to sicken me so my feelings weren't firm on the matter.
As I promised those who left before the lights of the police cars did so without problem while those who waited until the lights of the cars came into view were chased down by the cars who saw them running.
There were still several who stood there not caring that they faced arrest for trespassing.
“You people really don't get it do you? Your church can't save you from the criminal charges you'll be facing for having come here as you have,” I said.
The man who had been acting as the leader stood forward and brought his arm up and Chris and I both cocked our forty-fives.
“Sir don't be foolish, you'll only get one shot off if you continue to raise that gun, and we never miss, if you are still alive after shooting it is simply because we didn't want you dead,” I said.
The first police car pulled up and the officers sat there watching not getting out of their car since they could see Chris and I both stood there with our guns drawn and leveled at someone.
The leader of the mob finished bringing his gun up trying to sight one of us and I heard the gun fire and fired hitting the fool in the foot. As soon as I fired he went down grasping at his foot and the rest of the crowd broke running in every direction.
The police were out of their car when the shots rang out one headed for the man rolling on the ground the other coming over to check on Chris and I.
I watched as the man pulled the trigger and as soon as the bullet left the gun turned slightly firing at his foot rather than to kill him. I knew most people became incapable of further harm if they had a hole in their foot. I watched as his bullet came toward me and knew I would never get out of its path entirely so braced for the impact feeling it rip through the soft flesh of my lower abdomen. I felt it exit through my back and brushed it off standing there not letting any of these people know I was injured.
All those who had taken off when the police lights had come into view where rounded up and most of them were issued trespassing tickets the man rolling on the ground, Gordon and Ellen where all arrested and taken away, the man I shot in an ambulance.
“Major Jacobs, Captain Waters, I hope this doesn't become a regular thing since the department goes crazy when just one of your names are mentioned. You can't begin to imagine what happens when both of your names are mentioned on a call,” the officer that came to check on Chris and I said.
“Sir this wasn't something we intended. Our family is in the house. We were enjoying a family dinner catching up on everything that we've all been through when one of these people threw something at the house,” I said.
“No one is blaming you Captain Waters. I do have one question though. Who fired first you or him? He said he didn't fire, that his gun went off when he dropped it,” the officer said.
I felt where the bullet had ripped through me and gave a small laugh.
“No officer he definitely fired first and a powder resonance scan will show he was holding the gun when it went off,” both Chris and I said together.
“Excuse me ma'am but is that blood on your hand?” the officer asked.
“It's just a scratch officer. I moved a little to slow and his shot got me in the side. It passed through and as I said it's just a scratch, I've had much worse,” I said.
Chris gave me a dirty look and called inside for Scott to come out.
“Scott I don't care if you have to get six of the others to help hold her down I want that wound cleaned and dressed. If she gives you any problems knock her out if you have to,” Chris ordered.
Scott looked at me and turned to go back in the house.
“We need the table so I can take a good look at this if you ladies wouldn't mind,” Scott said.
Kathy, Sarah and mom cleared all the dishes off the table and wiped it down.
“Captain if you don't mind it would be much easier if I didn't have to use force,” Scott said.
“Sargent if you really think I'm going to climb on that table and let you start poking me you've totally lost your mind. The bullet passed through so all I need is a bandage maybe a little antibiotic and in a couple days I'll be good as new,” I said.
“If you were a vampire or werewolf I might agree ma'am but since the best you are is a witch I better take a look in case that bullet did more than just poke a couple holes in you, that blood looks awful dark for just being a flesh would,” Scott said.
Chris came in and picked me off my feet and sat me on the table telling me either I lay back and let Scott do his job or he was taking me to the hospital and wouldn't brook any nonsense from me over it, even if it meant calling my men in to help restrain me.
I leaned back refusing to lay down fully and let Scott look at the wound.
“Sir she doesn't have the ability to heal this in her magic and there isn't much I can do here other than slow the bleeding. Without the bite the only way of fixing this is the hospital,” Scott said.
“Don't you dare Chris. She has a lot of potential as a witch don't you dare bite her,” Kathy said fighting to stop him.
“Are you telling me you didn't hear what she said out there Kathy. Even to us she's a god by comparison,” Chris said.
“She's my sister Chris. As much as I love her I would rather she die than lose her magic to yours,” Kathy said.
“She won't let us take her to the hospital Kathy. Remember what happened the last time she was in the hospital,” Chris said.
“Please Sam let them take you to the hospital. Please don't let him bite you again,” Kathy plead.
“It's time for the Rose to grow Kathy. The magic demands the cost of fulfillment, not us,” I said.
I looked at Chris and felt the world slipping away. The doctors might have been able to fix the wound, but only Chris could heal me.
“I love you Chris. Please be gentle. Let only the love in not the hate those people caused. They aren't worthy of our time,” I said.
I saw Kathy turn away as Chris leaned over knowing he was the only one who could save me from death.
“Kathy please, I need this to heal the world. I need this so magic can continue,” I said.
She turned back to me.
“What they are suggesting will strip you of your witchcraft, Sam,” she said.
“I've always been more than what people see Kathy. The Rose needs to be pruned to blossom, The White Rose is in bud now, and her time to blossom is at hand, but to do so she needs the magic of all living things,” I said.
I felt Chris' fangs sink into my neck and felt the world spin even faster. If he continued I would soon be dead and the hope of the White Rose with me.
“Taste my love, drink of the life blood,” Chris said.
I tasted the blood on my tongue and drank tasting the love of the magic it held. A magic so foreign to me yet so familiar. The magic of my future husband. The magic of my children. I opened my eyes and looked at all those gathered around me seeing the magic they each held knowing finally what magic was and how to use it. The magic no longer controlled me, I controlled the magic.
I looked at the man who was to be my husband and saw a tear in his eye.
“I'm sorry Sam it was the only way. You never could have survived a trip to the hospital and there was no other way of fixing you without the surgical facilities a hospital provides,” he said.
“I love you Chris. At our wedding everything that is mine will be yours as well,” I said.
I looked over at Kathy who stood with her back to me.
“Do I look that different to you now Kathy? I understand magic now and I can see your magic is a very beautiful thing. Please sister don't be sad because the White Rose will now bloom. Be glad you could witness the final pruning of the dead growth allowing the Rose to grow and bloom,” I said.
She turned around to me and saw that my witchcraft hadn't deserted me as it had so many witches before me.
“You are the Rose. Sam I never though I would ever see this day. So many before had hoped, only to die without a glimpse of what I've seen most of my life,” Kathy said with tears running down her cheeks.
“It's not complete yet, there is one thing left. One thing I need to truly complete the magic that is the Rose,” I said.
Chapter 5
Chris kept insisting I taste the blood of life from one not touched by the blood magic, the blood that would bond me forever with the blood magic of the vampires. How could I tell him when the time was right I would taste the blood of someone not of the magic he had. That until that time I needed to learn the other magic I had, so once I completed the transformation to vampire I wouldn't lose my birthright as so many before me had done.
In magic I was a mere infant because everyone had been afraid to show me what magic was. The bite of my love awakened me to the world I should have been taught from the time I was younger than Nicole, but now my training would take place. Kathy insisted on training me personally since she wasn't sure what any of her other witches would think if they found out I had been bitten and was now a vampire as well as a witch.
“Sam why do you insist on drawing so much power. Where a thread would work you use a rope, magic is more about finesse then strength. Please quit trying to force everything,” Kathy said.
“Kathy you have no idea what it's like, to see the threads I have to draw that much. Maybe if you hadn't been so afraid of teaching me before Chris saved my life I'd know how to do this using a lesser amount of power,” I said.
“Maybe I would have taught you before if you hadn't been so insistent that magic didn't exist,” she said.
She was right as long as I insisted magic wasn't real, any training she attempted would have failed because I refused to open my eyes. It seems so strange now because there is no doubt about magics reality, it's an everyday part of who I am and looking back over my life it always has been. Even when I insisted magic couldn't be real I proved it was. I could have no more, not used magic, than I could continue living without breathing.
I tried the spell Kathy had me working on again and again, I drew in so much of the magic it started to get away from me doing things I didn't intend. I let it slip and as the strength weakened I felt the spell start working and tried to hold the level where it was doing what it was supposed to do and found with how small the thread was it kept slipping until it was gone again.
“Sam why is it the more complex the spell the easier it is for you? You do with ease what even my most experienced and powerful witches have trouble doing when working as a casting coven. There has to be an answer to this, but I'll be damned if I can figure out what it is.”
“You know Friday is the Halloween party at the club. I was going to finish the transformation process of becoming a vampire at the party since there will be several people there willing to allow, and help me with the process. Maybe what I need is simply to complete the transformation and then the magic won't be so hard for me,” I said.
“Or you could lose your witchcraft abilities all together,” she said.
That was a possibility, but not one I thought would happen. I was already a vampire, but in becoming one I was still a witch, something that was said couldn't happen. I had met several vampires already who had started as witches and thought they lost their link to witchcraft. Everyone of them though still had the link, but they didn't know how to keep the door to it open since the blood magic was life and the elemental magic was... what? Spiritual? No it had nothing to do with spirit, it was life also, but not in the same way. Elemental magic could kill or heal just as blood magic could, but elemental magic demanded a different type of payment than blood magic. The big difference I saw between blood magic and elemental magic was to use blood magic you had to be bitten, or born with the magic. Elemental magic on the other hand could be taught to most anyone if they were willing to open their minds to the possibilities.
The possibilities where without limit if you were willing to pay the price. To do magic that threatened life rather than protected life meant a higher personal price had to be paid. The darker the magic the higher the cost. The ultimate price was life itself.
What if I tried drawing the power from both sides, mixing a little blood magic with elemental magic. I reached for the magic again this time drawing on both and found I could control the flow easier since it didn't slide through my fingers as easily using less power. I followed through with the spell weaving just a little blood magic with the elemental magic and had Kathy gasp as the spell took shape.
“What did you do Sam? How did I feel just a tiny thread of magic, nowhere near enough to have done that, yet I didn't see anything. I can't tell you what you're doing if I can't see your weave, so I want you to try again so I can see what you're doing.”
I did it again, weaving just a small amount of blood magic in and again Kathy cussed me out for her not being able to see.
“Kathy if what I did got the desired result what difference does it make how I did it?” I asked.
“What did you do Sam, how did you hide the weave from me. How did you manage to weave a spell that complex with such a minimal amount of power?” she demanded.
“I made it so it was easier for me to see,” I said.
“How?” she asked.
“I mixed a little of the blood magic in. if I do that it makes it so I can see and hold just what I need to do the spell,” I said.
“That's impossible. The two magics are opposed to each other, witchcraft is about life blood magic is death,” she said.
“Who told you that? Both magics are about life, not death. Both kinds of magic ask a price and the darker the magic the higher the price,” I said.
“So vampire magic is life, not death?” she asked.
“Of course. Did Chris kill me or give me life with his bite? He gave me life which without his bite I wouldn't have had. I was born to serve the elements. I was created to serve life. It is the nature of the person that makes magic good or evil, not the magic that make the person good or evil,” I said.
“Chris' bite woke you to magic and your refusal to complete the transition has allowed you to find the way to maintain both magics. That's why you haven't completed the transition isn't it? It isn't that you don't want to, but that you want to keep all that you can be,” she said.
“I don't know. I do know that on my wedding day I will achieve the fullness of who I am. The Rose will be in full bloom,” I said.
“Do you think you could teach others to combine the magic the way you have?” Kathy asked.
“Kathy I can barely even use my magic right now. As you said it's easier for me to do the hard stuff than what you call the easy stuff. The blood magic comes easy it's my nature now. Because I never learned the witchcraft it's even more difficult because when I reach for magic it's the blood magic that response first,” I said.
We determined that I should continue working on control, and I found control much easier if I added just a little of the blood magic even though it got Kathy angry because she had no warning I was doing anything until it happened. At first it seemed awkward trying to use witchcraft. By the time of the Halloween party it was second nature and I was ready to see if by chance completing the transition into being a vampire would change things about my ability to use witchcraft.
“Sarah are you and Scott going early to help set up, or going later?” I asked.
“I know you and Chris need to be there to help with final setup and I didn't want to stick Debra with watching the kids any longer than necessary. Besides, I don't want anyone seeing my costume until it's time for the party,” Sarah said.
“Let me guess you're going to be a biker babe little red riding hood to Scott's big bad wolf,” I said jokingly.
“You do know it would be very easy to hate you, if I weren't so grateful for what you did getting me and the kids out of the situation we found ourselves in,” she said.
“I couldn't have done that if you hadn't asked,” I said.
“So what are you going to be?” she asked.
“I have no idea Chris said he would have my costume at the club waiting for me,” I said.
I needed to talk to Jeff and Jim about what they intended to do, so headed over to the apartment after making sure Sarah would get the kids over to Debra's before she left for the club.
“Sam can I talk to you before you go?” Debra called out when I was getting in the car to go. “I'm looking forward to having all the kids tonight, but it would be great if I could attend the party you guys are going to.”
“You like hanging out with monsters Debra? Because there are going to be all kinds of witches and vampires and werewolves at our party. Not that you won't have any vampires and witches at your party too,” I said.
“I'm sure most of the kids will dress as some kind of magical creature,” she said. “I notice your family seems to be very close. But who are all the biker people? They aren't all family are they?”
I giggled.
“No Debra, they aren't all family, I think Scott is the closest, my sister Sarah has a thing for him. The rest of them are just close friends of Chris and me,” I said.
“Is your sister Kathy really a for real witch?” she asked.
“She says she is, but then magic is for children isn't it?” I asked.
“I don't know anymore. Sam I saw what happened that day when all those church people came over making threats. I know you were wounded, but it was like nothing ever happened, you seemed to be better later the same day,” she said.
“I was in special forces during the war. I commanded a reconnaissance unit named White Rose. I hate to think of all the times I got wounded,” I said.
“So it was more just a scratch than a real wound?” she asked.
“Would you believe me if I told you Chris turned me into a vampire to save my life?” I asked.
“You're kidding, right?” she asked.
“Ask again after tonight, if you feel the need to. For the record, I happen to be a witch as well,” I said.
I got in the car and headed for the apartment and got stopped by another neighbor.
“You need something Elizabeth?” I asked.
“I thought you might be interested in knowing the church is planning some kind of party tonight,” Liz said.
“Why would I be interested in that?” I asked.
“That church that caused so much trouble for you a while back is going to be there too,” she said.
“Liz do me a favor and don't get involved in that party. I know those people are your friends, but I only see trouble coming if they are meeting with the church that was here a couple months ago,” I said.
“They've asked me to be a judge of the costumes. Even giving me categories, like the most sexy, and the scariest,” she said.
“If you want sexy and scary you should come to our party,” I said.
“I'll bet you guys really know how to do sexy. I wish I dared wear the kind of clothes you wear,” she said.
“You can though if my guess is right they'll expect you to start wearing shorter and shorter dresses all the time. I'm sure it doesn't help that all your kids are girls,” I said.
“You've noticed that my girls dresses are shorter than the other girls their age haven't you?” she asked.
“Liz I was born and raised in that religion. I have two older sisters, who are enough older than I am to remember that when I was born things changed and the dresses they wore became longer, like the other girls who had brothers. I know what that religion did to my birth mother, and what it tried doing to my next oldest sister, and even my mom. Liz I can help if you'll let me, but only if you ask my help. I like you a lot, and that isn't something I can say for many people who are of that religion. As a favor to me if you love me as you say you do, please don't go to that party tonight,” I said.
“I don't have a choice Sam,” she said.
“I don't know if I can help you then Liz. If you take part in their activities you know are wrong I can't help you,” I said.
“Sam I don't think you understand I have to go or they'll take my kids away from me, I can't lose my girls Sam,” she said.
“If I can, I'll find you and do what I can to protect you. I could protect you better though if you would do what I'm asking,” I said.
“But could you protect the rest of my family too?” she asked.
“I want to say yes, Liz the feeling I have pertains to you, not your family. All I know is if you go to that party you could be killed,” I said.
“Then I have to go Sam. My life means nothing if my family is put at risk, and if I don't go they will do things to my family that my going will prevent,” she said.
“Watch for me then. When things seem at their worst watch for me and believe in me and I'll do what I can to help you,” I said.
“What does that mean Sam?” she asked.
“It means I need you to believe in me, to trust in me that I won't bring harm to you or your family. If you believe in that religion over me you are already dead to me and there is nothing I can do to protect either you or your family. I need to go now, I have to go see my brother and his husband and then go to the club and help finish getting things setup for our party,” I said.
“I'd rather go to your party, but I have to protect my family,” she said.
I drove off toward the apartment trying to understand why I said the things I did to Liz. I didn't sense any real danger, at least not yet, but her need to tell me her church meeting with Ellen's church for a party meant trouble wasn't far away.
And what about what I said to Debra? Why would I have alluded to her asking me if I was a vampire in the morning. Something was going to happen tonight that would remove any doubt Debra had about whether, or not magic existed, and it involved Liz and the warning she had given me. I knew my magic still worked without my knowledge, that it could see things farther into the future than it ever let me know consciously. I knew that just as surely as I knew one day I would be the master of my magic rather than it's servant.
Jeff was still at work when I arrived at the apartment, and from what Jim said he wouldn't be home until time for the party to start.
“Jim, have either of you talked about what you want to do about your situation?” I asked.
“You mean that thing I talked to you about?” he asked.
“That's the one. Have either of you decided anything on that yet?” I asked.
“I have, and I know Jeff isn't sure but he's never seen me as a wife. Kathy I wasn't ever very good at dressing or makeup or any of it. With him working and me keeping the house I feel like a house wife that can't be open about who I really am,” he said.
“Have you talked about it? With Jeff I mean,” I asked.
“He said he just wants me to be happy, to do whatever I think I need to do to feel like who I should be, and he'll love me whatever I choose,” Jim said.
“There is no better time than Halloween to give being the woman you think you are a try,” I said.
“I know, Jeff and I agreed that this party would be where we each tried being who we feel we really are. I know the party will be a safe environment, but I'm still a little scared. I made fun of Chris when he joined the Army. And I remember what it felt like when Junior made fun of me for having the clothes I had. I don't want Chris to make fun of me like Junior did,” he said.
“Do you really think that little of Chris? Think about what Chris did about me. Never has he made fun of me, but he's known my past and seen me as Captain Samuel Waters. He knew me as Samuel long before he ever met me as Samantha,” I said.
“I can't even begin to picture you as anyone but Samantha, but I never knew you as anyone but Samantha either,” Jim said.
“Let me help you be the Jill you are inside and I promise Chris will love and accept you for who you say you are without asking you conform to his idea of who you should be,” I said.
“If I let you help me will I be a real girl?” he asked.
“I can't make you something you aren't, I can only let the world see what you really are. If you're a woman in your heart then be a woman, if you're not a woman in your heart nothing I can do will ever make you a woman. You see the real magic is in you not me,” I said.
“Will you help the real me come out so the world can see?” he asked.
“That I can do,” I said.
It took about and hour to help Christie get dressed and ready for the party and I knew Jeff really didn't need my help since he had dressed and been Jenny several times in the past.
As I set out the dress Jeff asked if I still had I thought of his marriage and the fact that Christie was female rather than male. Jenny had flirted heavily with Mac, but if a cute girl walked by both Mac and Jenny would watch her until she was out of sight and then comment about what they found most interesting about her, both sounding more like men talking about a woman they dreamed of having sex with than anything else.
I knew Jenny was a lesbian, but didn't know if she knew she was. The day I met Christie I knew Jenny had chosen another woman even though at the time Jenny was trying to be Jeff and Christie was trying to be Jim.
I needed to get over to the club since Chris said the costume he had for me would be waiting there and if I needed help with it Erica was there to help. I started over to the club and noticed my nails and how torn up they seemed. I knew there was a nail salon close to the club and tried to remember if it was on the side I was coming from or on the other side. The closer to the club I got the harder I thought about the name of the salon and couldn't remember. A strip mall a block from the club answered the question as I turned in I saw the sign White Lotus Nails, walk-ins welcome.
I parked and sat there looking at my nails and thinking about how late this stop might make me. I needed my nails done and if that meant I was going to be late then I was just going to have to be late.
I heard the bell ring when I walked in and saw a couple people that worked there who looked to be busy doing nothing sitting off to one corner. They didn't bother to even look up when I walked in.
“You need nails fix?”
An old woman whose age I wouldn't have even began to guess at asked as I stood at the register waiting to be helped.
“That is the general idea, but if everyone is busy perhaps another time,” I said.
“You are only customer sit here my granddaughter be with you soon,” the old woman said. She looked over to the girls in the corner and scoffed. “Those girls lazy and no do good job, I have my granddaughter do nails of Lotus Blossom very good job, you will like much.”
She had me sit at one of the work stations and before I was fully settled a beautiful young woman walked out of the back room.
“Grandmother say I do your nails special. She say you are special customer that will save Lotus Blossom from self,” the young woman said.
“I'm sorry I'm not sure I understand that,” I said.
“It not matter you understand. It matter that you like nails when finish. It matter that grandmother like nails when finish,” she said.
“I take it grandmother will look at my nails before I leave then?” I asked.
“Grandmother say if there is tear in eye of Lotus Blossom then she like nails when finish,” she said.
“Again I'm afraid I don't understand, perhaps if you say it in your native language it will make more sense to me,” I said.
“You know language of my people?” she asked.
“A little, I was in the Air Force and stationed on the front lines of the war for a couple years. I learned the language while I was there, but only a little bit,” I said.
“We speak in English then so I can make my English better. I live in America now I need learn speak like America,” she said.
I smiled as she took my hands and started massaging them never once saying anything about how bad my nails looked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Mac are they clear?” I asked.
“There are still three of them left inside sir. The three you said would be coming out the front,” Mac said.
The old woman was standing on the porch looking straight at me a young boy standing with her and a small girl was running across the opening straight toward us.
“Mac I want cover fire for that old woman and boy when they start running for us,” I said.
“Sir if we lay down cover fire the enemy might realize who we are and turn their attention to us,” Mac said.
“Mac I don't give a damn about what the enemy might do. I want cover fire for that old woman and boy so they have a chance of surviving,” I said.
The old woman and boy started in our direction and I heard my men start laying down the cover fire I ordered. As the old woman and boy reached the half way point between the house and us a mortar round hit the porch they had been standing on followed by two more mortar rounds hitting the house directly and blowing it to pieces in a big fire ball. The blaze lifted the old woman and boy off the ground sending them flying. I was so afraid I had failed to protect them and turned with tears in my eyes.
“Daughter of the Lotus do not cry, you have not failed the Lotus,” the old woman said.
Grandmother was standing there with both the boy and the girl on either side of her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Thank you Min Li they are beautiful.” I had tears in my eyes from the memory of who this young woman was, more than from the design she had put on my nails.
“Mistress now, I do not understand. I did not tell you my name,” Min Li said.
“Not today you didn't, but you did tell me. You told me the same day your house was destroyed, the day you ran across that field followed by grandmother and your brother,” I said.
“How can you know of that day Mistress? You could not be there so how do you know that day?” she asked.
“It is enough that I know that day just as I know what you gave your rescuer a couple days later,” I said.
“You read what grandmother ask I make on your nails?” she asked.
“Right now it is difficult because of the tears of the memory. When I can see clear I will read what you put on my nails,” I said.
I knew that driving to the club was out of the question at the moment because of the tears that hung so heavily in my eyes. I saw a box of tissues and dabbed at my eyes hoping to make seeing easier and looked at my nails and felt the tears start welling again this time spilling over onto my cheeks.
I looked around and Min Li was nowhere to be seen and grandmother stood in the doorway to the back room. I nodded my approval and she pointed to the exit reminding me I had somewhere I needed to be.
Chapter 6
“Sam, where have you been? Sarah said you left the house three hours ago,” Chris asked.
“I got a little side tracked, Liz wanted to let me know about something going on with her church tonight. Then I stopped by to talk with your sister, and that took a little longer than planned. Just before I got here I happened to notice my finger nails looked like shit, so stopped at White Lotus Nail Salon and got my nails done and ran into an old friend there, and lost track of time getting my nails done,” I said.
“Why don't you head up to the office, Erica is waiting to help you get into your costume,” he said.
“You haven't heard from Kathy yet have you?” I asked.
“She called an hour ago to say she was running a little behind as well and would do her best to get here on time though she was sure she would be a few minutes late at best,” he said.
“Okay Christie said Jenny was going to have to put in some over time and they would get here as soon as possible after she got home and dressed,” I said.
“Who are Christie and Jenny?” Chris asked.
“My sister and sister-in-law, or I guess I could say your sister and sister-in-law. I guess you know them better as Jeff and Jim,” I said.
I ran up the stairs to the office before he had a chance of saying anything else. I wanted to let them explain rather than me trying to explain.
I walked in the office and saw a dress that looked to small for Kathy hanging on the back of one of the chairs.
“We were beginning to wonder if you were every going to get here Mistress. I was hoping to have another hour to help you get ready and then get myself ready,” Erica said.
“Hello Erica. Is that dress supposed to be my costume?” I asked.
“Yes Mistress, isn't it beautiful?” she asked.
“I'm not sure that's the word I would use. Erica do you have any idea what size it is?” I asked.
“Of course I do Mistress I picked it up for you. It's a size two,” she said.
“A size two. I wear a size six in most things. Why on earth would you have gotten me a size two?” I asked.
“These dresses are sized a little large and they do stretch awfully, so a size two once it's on should be just right,” she said.
I picked the dress up and held it in front of me and the hem seemed to come down to not more than an inch below my hips. I set it back on the back of the chair and started getting undressed. If there wouldn't have been a full length cape that went with this dress and boots that were absolutely to die for I would have turned around and walked out of the office telling Chris I didn't care what he thought I wasn't even going to try on the costume he thought I should wear.
I started to slide the dress over my head and Erica stopped me since I still had my bra on.
“Mistress you won't need a bra with this dress. Please Mistress trust me most of us in the club have worn dresses like this one, not near as fancy as this one, but similar to this one,” Erica said.
Fancy? She thought this plain black leather dress was fancy. The boots, maybe but the dress? I didn't see it as being all that fancy.
I took off my bra and started again pulling the dress over my head. Tugging it down until the leather was smooth and the shoulders were sitting comfortable on my shoulders. Everything about the dress seemed good until I tried reaching behind me to pull up the zipper.
“I'll get that Mistress.” Erica said coming around behind me and swatting my hands out of the way.
She started pulling the zipper up and I felt the leather getting tighter and tighter the higher the zipper went.
She came around in front of me once the zipper was up all the way and locked in place.
“Maybe your sister would be willing to make you a dress like this without a zipper, then it would be easier for you to put on alone,” she said.
I stood there trying to decide whether I should breathe or continue holding my breath for the remainder of the night. I took a breath and the zipper didn't come apart and the dress stretched and retracted as the air filled my lungs. The dress did feel tight, but not confining. I started moving and found the dress was like a second skin. I started to sit so I could pull on the thigh high boots and noticed that my panties showed, drawing ugly lines across the dress where they were sitting on my hips.
Erica turned around and I slid the panties off my legs and noticed the skirt stayed down so no one would notice whether I wore panties or not.
I pulled each boot on feeling how they hugged my legs the way the dress did my body and knew this wouldn't be the only time I would ever dress like this.
Erica started doing my makeup and I sat there letting her pamper me until she finished fixing my hair and stepped back declaring me dressed and ready to lure anyone I chose into my fangs.
I saw the blood pulse in her neck as she made mention of my fangs and I knew there was no longer any way I could continue to put off the final part of the transformation to vampire. I looked in her eyes trying to shake the need and found her locked by my stare willing to give me anything I asked at that moment. Her very life was mine to do with as I pleased.
I licked my lips needing the taste of her blood, but afraid of what taking that taste would do to me. Would my elemental magic be hidden from me once I took that taste? What if I weren't able to stop before killing her if I did what my very nature was demanding from me. I tilted her head slightly to the left and ran my finger along her neck where her pulsing vein showed her life strong and beautiful.
All the things still ahead of her if I didn't take too much and snuff out her candle before her time.
I felt my fangs grow and leaned in cupping my mouth over the vein pulsing in her neck and tasted her blood fill my mouth.
So sweet and exciting, pure and innocent. Blood untainted by vial deceit and treachery. I licked the wounds made by my fangs and looked this child in the eye releasing her from the prison my blood magic had locked her in.
“Erica it's time you should get ready yourself I think I can handle getting my cloak on,” I said.
I pulled on the cape and walked over to the top of the stairs and stood there watching everyone running around doing who knew what, getting the club ready, so when it was time the doors could be opened and the invited guests could come in and start mingling, enjoying each others company.
I wanted to see if anyone would notice me standing above them watching and while almost all of them did look up from time to time none seemed to notice me standing there.
It seemed I was invisible to everyone there until Chris looked up and smiled. It seemed like he had been so far away when he looked up and saw me yet in what seemed the blink of an eye he was standing next to me with his arm wrapped around my waist.
“What do you think?” Chris asked.
“I think it looks like everything is ready. It's hard to determine just what everyone is doing the way they're rushing around,” I said.
“Final preparations making sure the bar is fully stocked the menus all in place and correct. Making sure there is plenty of seating and a large enough dance floor. All things that need to be done before the doors are opened. Tell me how do you like the dress?” he asked.
“When I first saw it I thought you had to be crazy. I was sure there was no way I was ever going to fit in it. Now that I'm in it though I can't remember ever feeling more in my element. It feels right, and I love this cape. Erica said something about maybe I need to talk to Kathy about making one that doesn't have this damned zipper though. There's just no way I can handle this zipper alone,” I said.
“There will always be someone willing to help with the zipper. Did you notice the rose pattern in the leather?” he asked.
I didn't answer because he seemed to be playing with my hands.
“Can you read this Sam?” he asked.
“Beautiful isn't it. Grandmother insisted Min Li do my nails with this saying on them,” I said.
“So you do know what it says?” he asked.
“I know what it says. I wasn't sure you would, but it doesn't surprise me you do,” I said.
“I didn't know you knew Min Li,” he said.
“I met Min Li and grandmother the day their house was blown up. Chris I don't know if you stay in contact with them, and I'm not sure if they know what I'm about to tell you. If they don't I ask you don't tell Min Li, grandmother will likely read it in your eyes,” I said.
“I promise I'll not tell Min Li. I helped get them set up here they are family to me since they're the ones who created me as a vampire,” he said.
“The rest of their family is still alive, or I should say, should still be alive. We knew it was only a matter of time and the house would be hit. I had a couple of my men go in and get everyone they could find out of the house through the back, they completed the task not ten minutes before Min Li started running toward me. Grandmother and Chow Lin started running toward me when Min Li was about half way. My men said they had gotten everyone they could find, I still don't know how they missed Min Li, Chow Lin and grandmother,” I said.
“Grandmother already knows. She told me the White Lotus saved her family, a family she still doesn't think she will ever see again,” he said.
“She called me daughter of the Lotus when she made it to where we were waiting for them,” I said.
“You were pretending to be a man back then, weren't you?” he asked.
“Yes I was, in fact it made me very nervous because I didn't think anyone knew back then,” I said.
I saw Sarah and Scott come in and stood there watching them Kathy came in just behind them, Kathy using her magic to gently move people out of her way. They both looked up at Chris and I and I smiled not sure if they saw me or just Chris.
“I wish you wouldn't use your magic here Kathy,” I said.
“Whatever do you mean Sam? Is it any different from you using yours to hide? Which of us are using more magic do you think? I love that dress and the roses definitely make it yours,” she said.
I wasn't going to get into an argument with her over the use of magic, I knew I had been using magic to hide and wasn't sure how she knew I had been.
“Thank you, Chris got it for me. I promise I won't use my magic if you won't use yours,” I said.
“That man is going to spoil you, if he hasn't already,” she said.
She wasn't about to make a promise she wasn't sure she could keep. There were creatures here she wasn't sure of, my fiancée being one of them.
Mom should have been with Sarah, but I hadn't seen her yet and was starting to worry. Something was going to happen tonight, but I had no idea what, when, or where. Death was in the air and it didn't smell pleasant. There was a fresh blood smell to it, but corruption had already set in. I looked around hoping to get a few answers to the uneasy feeling I had, but everything at the club seemed fine. The guests had started arriving in mass, but everything seemed pleasant and friendly. It seemed everyone was insisting on calling me Mistress, I attributed it to me being a female vampire, and that was how a female vampire was regarded in the magical realm.
The uneasiness continued to grow, but I saw nothing that would justify the uneasiness. I needed to talk to someone about the situation, but who? It didn't appear anyone else felt the danger, yet I knew there was danger and if I didn't act soon it might be too late.
“Is something wrong Sam?” Chris asked.
“I feel danger, but can't tell where. I don't see anything here that could explain the danger I feel,” I said.
“Maybe it isn't here the danger will happen,” he said.
“Have you seen mom or Jenny?” I asked.
“I saw your mom just a moment ago, but I have no idea who Jenny is. Sam I haven't met any of your friends,” Chris said.
“You know all my friends Chris. Can you tell me where mom might be?” I asked.
I spotted mom about the same time Chris started pointing her out to me. I thanked him and headed over to talk to mom who just happened to be standing near Kathy.
“Hi mom, I'm so glad you could make it,” I said.
“So am I dear, but I don't know how long I'll stay there's someone that wants to take me away from all this,” Mom said.
Good just remind him your daughter's the White Rose and if anything happens because he couldn't handle the job of taking care of you, he'll have to answer to the White Rose,” I said.
I turned to Kathy and saw she had the same worried feeling I did.
“Sam where can we talk?” Kathy asked.
I took her up to the office and as soon as the door closed I turned to her.
“Can you tell where?” I asked.
“I was hoping you could tell me,” she said.
“Jenny isn't here yet, but I don't get the feeling it has anything to do with her,” I said.
“Who is Jenny?” Kathy asked.
“Our baby sister. Tonight will be the first time since the summer she lived with me after I got out of the Air Force she'll be herself,” I said.
“What about the kids, Sam I haven't wanted to interfere with their party so have avoided making contact with Kelli, but maybe that's where this feeling is coming from,” she said.
I reached out to Kathy and saw they were all sitting around watching a vampire movie and Kelli, Kathy and Nicole were all laughing hysterically and all the other kids were screaming and hiding their faces.
The feeling of danger increased to an over powering stench that had me wanting to vomit.
“Kathy I need you to go outside and look up and down the street,” I said.
“Okay mommy what am I looking for?” she asked.
I felt her stand up and head for the door going out just as Debra spotted her. She walked out to the street and looked first to her left and I saw nothing, then she turned to the right and the feeling of danger doubled again.
I didn't see anything, but I now knew where the feeling of danger was coming from and what direction it would come from.
“Kathy I need you to go back in, I need to talk to Debra,” I said.
It didn't take long and I saw Debra standing in front of me only she looked bigger than I knew her to be.
“Do you need something Kathy?” Debra asked.
“Debra I need you to take the kids into the basement and if possible make it look like no one is there. Chris and I will be there as soon as we can, and it's very important if at all possible you keep the kids quiet. Kathy, Nicole and Kelli will be following mine and Kathy's orders, but the rest of the kids will be dependent on you to keep them calm,” I said.
“Kathy what are you talking about?” Debra asked.
“Ma'am that wasn't Kathy it was aunt Sam. Mom says to let you know that if possible her and aunt Sam and uncle Chris will be here really soon, but that it's important to listen to aunt Sam. There's danger somewhere near us and they're on their way to keep it as far away as possible,” Kelli said.
I smiled at Kathy for having helped by having Kelli talk to Debra and let her know I had been the one talking before through Kathy.
“Tell me how to do it Kathy. I know you don't have the strength to transport all of us,” I said.
“Sam a transport spell takes more control than you've shown so far. If you'll link with me so I have access to your power I should be able to do the spell taking at least the family there,” she said.
“You two have been up here a long... what's wrong?” Chris asked.
“The kids are in danger, Chris, We need to get there as fast as we can,” I said.
“I'll have the rest of the family come up here and see about a couple others that will be of help, as well. It might be best if we head for our place since I doubt any of us have anything, but our special talents and for this we might want a little more fire power,” Chris said.
“Just the family Chris there isn't any point in arming beyond our natural defenses. This enemy is not the one we faced during the war, and don't have the organization that enemy had. Most of these people have families and really don't want trouble,” I said.
“So you think if we can take out the leadership we can dispel the masses with relative ease?” he asked.
“I've completed my transition Chris, the full power of the vampire is now mine. The only thing keeping me from being able to handle this alone is that I still don't know enough about my witchcraft and how it works to find a way of using both to their fullest,” I said.
I linked with Kathy and felt the draw of my magic as she started working the spell that would transport us back to the house. I saw Jenny and Christie, Sarah and Scott, mom and Jim, how did I know his name was Jim? Brent and Kathy, Chris and myself all in the basement of the house.
“Damn you Samantha if you don't stop doing that,” Kathy cussed at me.
“I'm sorry Kathy, I didn't mean to interfere, I just knew this was where we needed to be and thought of all the members of the family and we were here,” I said.
“You didn't weave the spell?” she asked.
“No I didn't weave a spell, at least I didn't weave one knowingly. I just saw what I needed and we were all here,” I said.
“Your magic is completely different now. Only elemental magic has ever been able to transport that way, and the weave is very delicate and complex. I had only started when it was done and with enough power it could have worked to transport the entire club, building and all,” she said.
Chris started going through the house gathering guns and ammunition for everyone while I slipped outside to look around and see how much time we had left before this enemy would be a threat.
I went to my room and picked up my forty-five, making sure I had an extra clip and tucked it in my boot. I stepped out the rear door and saw the crowd gathering at the end of the street and sat on the front porch to wait for them. I saw Liz walk by, and before she made it to where the group was gathering stopped her taking her into the shadows where I could talk to her without being seen by the crowd.
“If you join that group I can't protect you Liz,” I said.
“If I don't they'll come after me and my family, Sam,” she said.
“So you would join a bunch of bigots in trying to hurt children rather than join my family in defending everyone in this neighborhood?” I asked.
“I have no way of fighting these people. Sam tell me what I can do to protect my family and I'll not join those people,” she said.
“Fight against them. Learn to use your magic to defend your family. Stop relying on superstitious nonsense,” I said.
“My magic? Sam magic is for children, I stopped believing in magic a long time ago,” she said.
“That Liz is why you can't find the magic to walk away from superstition,” I said.
I let my fangs show and saw her eyes widen as she finally understood that magic was real and those people gathering wouldn't stand a chance against my family since they couldn't begin to understand who we are, and what we are capable of.
“That's right Liz, I'm a vampire, one of the worlds greatest hunters. I can kill with seemingly little effort, but there is more. While I am a vampire, and in becoming a vampire should have lost access to the magic of my birth, I didn't. I'm a witch that just happens to be a vampire as well. I can control all the different forms of both elemental and blood magic. Those people will have one chance tonight, and that is to go back to their homes and give up the idea of hurting my family and those I love,” I said.
“Sam, would you really kill them all?” she asked.
“I don't want to kill any of them Liz, I hate killing, but I'm not a stranger to killing. If they're willing to go home I'll allow them to do so in peace, what I won't allow is for them to hurt the children in Debra's home. Those children have done nothing, but become friends with my children and the children of my sisters,” I said.
She looked me in the eye and the blood lust took over, this woman was a friend and wanted a way of protecting her family. I had the ability to give her that way. Her head leaned to the side and I watched as the blood pumped through her neck knowing if I started the only way of saving her life was making her a vampire, changing her world forever.
She smelled so sweet as I ran my finger over her neck feeling the life blood flowing through her veins. I bent forward and felt my fangs sink into the soft flesh of her neck. Her blood flowing into my mouth tasted so sweet. I wanted to stop to leave her life unchanged so I might again taste of her sweet life. I heard the crowd start moving toward Debra's home and realized if I didn't share the life blood with this woman she would be the first casualty of the night.
I withdrew my fangs and licked the wounds in her neck and opened the vein of my arm placing it to her lips. “Drink Elizabeth drink the blood of life and live.” She drank and looked up at me a new understanding shining in her eyes.
“Sam? I don't understand, I thought I was dead,” she said.
“I'm sorry I did that to you Liz. I'm sorry I didn't give you the choice, no one should ever go though that not knowing what it means,” I said.
“You've opened my eyes. You've given me the power to protect my family. Sam you have nothing to apologize for. I've never felt better than I do right now,” she said.
“The transition isn't complete Liz. The magic I've shared with you still asks one thing, one thing that will seal you to the magic for life. I'm asking that you not enter this battle Liz, because the blood lust is not something easy to over come and if you don't care about the person you complete the bond of this magic with the magic will destroy the beautiful person you are. Never use the blood lust to kill if you don't need to. Tonight many of those in the crowd will die, but not from the blood lust, their blood is foul even in life. I can smell the corruption in their blood, the decay of death that makes the blood unfit to provide life,” I said.
“What am I suppose to do then?” she asked.
“Go home to your husband and children. Share this time of awakening with those you love. If the magic draws you to feed then choose someone whose life you value above your own so that you won't take too much,” I said.
“Should I tell my husband I'm now a vampire? What about my children should they know we exist?” she asked.
“Only you can answer those questions Liz. For me my family knew what vampires are. My oldest sister fears them even now. My fiancée made me, as I have made you. My daughters were born vampires. If you tell them it is because you believe their love is strong enough to understand and over come their fear,” I said.
“I'll have to think about it then,” she said.
The crowd was getting closer and I felt elemental magic in use. A spell to create confusion in the crowd.
“We know your in there. We know what you are, and you are an abomination before God,” I hears someone shout.
There was no reply since the house they stood in front of was a house that was home to some in the crowd.
“I don't think this is the right house elder. I think it's that house over there,” someone said.
The crowd moved to Debra's home and again the call was given this time I answered.
“If you knew what we are you would not be here challenging us in this manner. You came here thinking to face small children who have done nothing to offend any god, claiming your god is offended and declared children who still need their parents to chose their life pathway for them an abomination. If there is an abomination here this night it is those who seek to harm children. The abomination is you and your god. Disperse back to your homes in peace and no harm will come on you. Persist in your false accusations and all manner of evil will rain down on you this night. Many of you will die, and others will find the meaning of hell. I am the White Rose and my judgment is swift and sure,” I said letting my magic carry my voice to everyone there.
“The White Rose? What is this White Rose you speak of? You are nothing but a perversion of nature and Gods law,” the person leading the mob said.
“I do not recognize your god or his law. If your god were a just god he would not allow the women and children to be treated as cattle. He would not allow his followers to be blinded by men who care nothing for the people they are charged with shepherding in righteousness. I smell the stench of decay in the air surrounding you. So many of you will die this night if you do not disperse back to your homes,” I said.
I saw Debra step out on her front step and look around.
“Samantha I hope it is these people you are referring to, as the ones born of decay,” Debra said.
“My dear friend you asked a question of me earlier this afternoon, witness the answer to that question. I am The White Rose. The first born of power, both of element, and of blood. There are none who can stand before me without pure heart and live. I forgive easily, but forgiveness is not free. Those who would cause harm to that which is mine will find no mercy in me,” I said.
The time for talking was over these people had made their choice.
Everyone of the people gathered looked around hearing the words I said as though I had been talking to each of them individually, yet not knowing where my voice came from. I had never before talked to someone as I did here directly to the mind of even those who had no magic. These people thought they knew who and what god was, now they were going to learn a new meaning of the wrath of god, but I refused to become a god to these people or any people. I was simply a person, a woman who loved her family and friends. Someone with a special ability to protect against evils invented by man to enslave the minds and souls of the weak and unsuspecting, those who needed something to believe in beyond themselves and their own abilities.
The leader who had shot me the day of our first family dinner since Jenny returned was the first to die. I sank my fangs into his throat and the blood no sooner touched my tongue and I yanked my fangs out snapping his neck and leaving the wounds exposed. Ellen was next, along with Gordon. The men I had grown up calling grandpa Waters and uncle Frank died standing next to the women they had used and abused for so long. Only the one man had I sank my fangs into during the slaughter I reeked down on these people who thought to place themselves above others and cast judgment according to a standard of their religion.
Fear set in and women screamed as the men they stood by fell dead at their feet. Even men started crying in fear, many thought to run, but had no idea where since it seemed death came from all sides.
Half of those who had come to cause harm to those I love fell dead in what seemed wholesale slaughter. Then the killing stopped.
I looked toward Debra's house and noticed her standing on her front step a look of horror etched into her face.
“Sam please. She's just a baby Sam, she's just a baby,” Debra cried.
I reached out and took the small form in my hands and raised it gently smelling to see if I could find life in the tiny body. I set my fangs and tasted the blood, quickly I opened my vein and set the wound to the mouth of the child and said the words.
“Drink of the blood of life that you might be strong and know the good, life has to offer,” I said.
I didn't know if what I was doing would work, but it was all I knew to do. I sat with the child cradled in my arms doing all I could to encourage it to accept life through my blood.
Debra sat next to me looking to me to save the smallest of her children from something that never should have happened. The child stirred and I felt the wounds in my arms start to heal as the life again entered into the small body tucked in my arms. I held out the child to Debra placing in her arms an infant vampire created by a magic my sister had thought meant death.
“I'm sorry Debra it was the only way. I'm so sorry I didn't want any of this,” I said.
“You have nothing to be sorry about Sam my baby would be dead now if it weren't for you. You've given her life. You've given her hope for a better life,” Debra said.
“Do you have any idea what kind of life I gave her Debra? She is a creature of magic just as I am. She will thirst for blood all her life, because of me. She needs to feed or the spark I gave her will go out. She needs the blood of life to have life now,” I said.
“What do you mean. You gave her life,” Debra said.
“I mean she is now a vampire, but not yet complete. She needs the blood of someone who has no blood magic to finish her transformation and gain the strength to live. She is still weak and the sooner she receives the blood of life the sooner what I've given her can help her to live,” I said.
“I don't understand. I can feel her getting stronger already,” Debra said.
“Look into her eyes and I think you'll understand,” I said.
She looked in the eyes of her daughter and her expression went blank as her free arm came closer to the mouth of her daughter. The soft underside exposed so the vein would be in easy reach of the small fangs that were still developing. She moaned as her daughters fangs sank into her arm releasing the life blood that would finish the transformation from mortal to vampire.
“That's enough sweetheart, seal the wounds and let your mother live,” I said.
The child did as I requested, and I noticed Debra's expression changed as she became fully aware of what just happened.
“She's still my daughter isn't she?” Debra asked.
“Yes Debra she's still your daughter, but she is now more like me than you. She is now a creature of magic, one who looks to me as her Mistress, just as countless others do,” I said.
“She's more like your daughters now isn't she?” Debra asked.
“She's a vampire like my daughters, if that's what you mean,” I said.
“She's alive though?” she asked.
“Yes she's alive and she will regain her strength very quickly now. She doesn't need to drink blood to survive, but she won't like her meat cook very much the bloodier it is the better she will like it,” I said.
“She won't kill just so she can have blood will she?” Debra asked.
“That's up to you as her mother Debra. Teach her right and wrong. She is still just a child, and should be taught as a child. If you teach her that using her fangs other than for self defense is wrong she should learn not to use them for other than to defend those she loves. You'll find her bumps and bruises will heal faster than what should seem possible, that cuts will seal almost instantly. Things that would have killed her before will hardly slow her down now,” I said.
“I want to learn about this power you've given her Sam. I don't regret that you gave it to her, I'm not sure I could have handled losing her, not in the way I almost did,” she said.
Kathy came over while I gave life to the child and when Debra said she wanted to learn stepped in closer.
“Sam I would be willing to teach Debra about the magic of her birth. I wish her daughter wouldn't have lost that heritage but I think I now understand what you tried to tell me about that magic. In the hands of someone like you that magic is life not death as I had been taught,” Kathy said.
“Debra I want you to meet my oldest sister Kathy. She's the head of the White Rose witches coven,” I said.
“You mean witches are real too?” Debra asked.
“They are and if you want to learn you have the natural ability so learning will be easier. I wish I could say you'll be as strong of a witch as my little sister here, but then even I'm not close to her natural strength as a witch, and I'm the strongest natural witch in a thousand years or more,” Kathy said.
Chapter 7
Kathy put out a call to several of her coven members asking they come to assist in the cleanup of the area the fight had taken place in. The last thing any of us needed was the police to show up and start asking question about how so many had died so quickly.
As they started to arrive I saw Debra's eyes widen wondering if what Kathy offered her would include the ability to just appear as these women seemed to be doing.
“Debra there is a science to magic. Once you understand the basics of that science you'll find there are few things you can't do that previously seemed impossible,” Kathy said.
“Sam can do all these things can't she?” Debra asked.
“What I've called all these other witches in to help with Sam could do by herself. The magic we'll be using is very advanced and because Sam is now a vampire she has difficulty seeing the magical threads we'll be using,” Kathy said.
“What about me? Will I be able to see them?” Debra asked.
“Eventually yes. Tonight I doubt it since you haven't had any training and denied magic even existed until now. If you want to sit in with us you're welcome to do so, I just hope Sam doesn't try helping other than maybe lending us some of her strength. If she does, I'm not sure what will happen since her magic tends to overwrite what anyone else is doing,” Kathy said.
“I take it she's done that before?” Debra asked.
“You could say that. The biggest problem is she tends to weave her blood magic in with her elemental magic and then she's the only one who can see what she's doing,” Kathy said.
“Kathy can you and the others handle the cleanup or am I going to have to help?” I asked.
“Why don't you let us try first, but make your magic available if we need the help. Sam please I'm begging let me handle it this time,” Kathy said.
“Look I'm sorry I didn't mean to take our getting here away from you like that. It just seemed you were taking forever and my mind wondered waiting,” I said.
They started the spell and I watched as their magic took shape I saw it was targeting only the dead and to me that wasn't good enough. Yes it had only been those whose blood smelled rank I had killed and I was sure it was the same for Chris, but there were still some of those left alive whose blood smelled rancid with decay.
I looked around and started weaving into the spell Kathy was weaving the necessary threads to take those who still smelled of decay away with the dead. I touched one of the threads Kathy had woven and moved it ever so slightly which I knew would change where both the dead and the not dead who would now be included in the spell would go. Kathy's spell would have kept them in the realm of the living and the crime they had committed they would commit again if left in this realm, was beyond tolerable to me. I tied off the magic and cast knowing Kathy wasn't yet happy with what she had been doing. All those who had been killed and more than half of those thought to still be alive vanished and I heard Kathy start cussing me again.
“Damn you Samantha we were only getting rid of the dead the others we were going to alter their memories so they had no knowledge of what took place here. I haven't even got a clue where you sent them all,” Kathy said.
“I sent them where they could never again do what they tried doing here. Where they can worship their false god to their hearts content,” I said.
“And what about their children, or did you sterilize them as well?” Kathy asked.
“In the realm to which I banished them they won't be able to have children. The dead are the lucky ones though, they are gone from this life completely. The others who seemed to still live can see what is happening in this life, but cannot affect the things of this life. While they can see they cannot be seen. While they can hear they cannot be heard. They deserved worse, but this is the extent of my anger toward them. They will live out the remainder of their years neither being seen nor heard. They will live in isolation from this life, and each other. They preached of hell I gave them a hell they could not begin to comprehend, where death does not bring comfort because only the number of the days they would have lived will bring death. They will watch those they loved as they grow in this life never being able to warn of danger or celebrate the joys of life. They wanted to teach about hell I gave them a hell they never could have dreamed existed,” I said.
“You shifted them out of phase with the world and all around them? Sam that is a hell millions of times worse than any hell they thought to exist, and you dare say they deserved worse?” Kathy asked.
“Will you judge the Rose, Katherine? Can you know the rot that was hidden in the hearts of those condemned. Can you smell the decay of their lives and the extent of their perversion?” I asked.
“If I could Samantha, I would block your elemental magic until you learn to use it without interfering in the work of others,” Kathy said.
“You saw what they did to Debra's baby and you still think I was wrong in what I did? Do you really believe there was hope for any of those sent away into a hell of their own making?” I asked.
“Your making Sam, not theirs. You're the one with the power not them. Wasn't it you who said the abuse of power is wrong?” Kathy asked.
“All who were here heard the words of the Rose. Those people were given the chance to return to their homes. I never asked for this, none of our kind asked for this. They sought our destruction because they didn't understand us, they refused to believe we could be of worth, simply because we didn't fit into their idea of what is natural. I didn't ask to be a witch, I didn't ask to be a vampire. I've denied all my life who I am to satisfy the lack of belief of others. I will not deny who I am any longer. I am the White Rose told of in the stories. If I don't measure up to what you expect, then it's your expectations of what I should be that are wrong, not me. You know how hard it was for me to finally accept myself and now you say you wish I were someone else,” I said.
“I don't want you to be someone else Sam, I just want to understand. I'm sorry it's just I'm not use to having someone so easily change what I'm doing into something I don't understand,” Kathy said.
“I did what was right Kathy. What was demand of the magic that still uses me to bring balance. I don't mean to be a problem,” I said.
“You aren't a problem Sam. You had to have been able to see what we were doing to have woven your magic in so easily and so fast. I guess what I wish most is that I could see just what it is you see, so I could help you learn to master your magic,” Kathy finally admitted.
“You could become a vampire, but you might lose your witchcraft if you do,” I said.
“I'll remain a witch at least until you can prove to me that any witch that has been bitten can regain the use of witchcraft, thank you very much,” Kathy said.
“There is much work for you and the other witches here. All those who remain need your help and in this I promise I won't interfere,” I said.
“The ones left have a chance of overcoming their prejudice, I'm guessing,” Kathy said.
“Some of them are natural born witches, but yes, I believe all of them can over come the prejudice they've been taught. At least their blood doesn't smell rank as did the blood of the others,” I said.
Kathy broke her witches into small two and three witch teams and proceeded to tend to the people left, altering memories where needed and recruiting those who were born to the magic. I watched content this fight was over yet feeling uneasy about the future.
“How many of them fell by your hand Chris?” I asked.
“Not near as many as by your hand. I wanted to gag from the smell of their blood. Never have I smelled blood that was so fresh yet smelled so rancid. I can only imagine how bad that blood must have tasted,” Chris said.
“Their blood contained death I spit it out a soon as it touched my lips. I couldn't even seal the wounds I made the taste was so foul,” I said.
“It was because he had a broken neck as well as the puncture wound I never used my fangs. It was plain the broken neck was what killed him, not that the oder of the blood oozing from the puncture wounds would have given a clue to how foul his blood was,” Chris said.
“Debra's baby was hurt in the fight. I had to offer her the change to save her life. Chris she is the second one I have given the kind of life we have tonight,” I said.
“Before the fight you said you are The White Rose, did you mean that?” Chris asked.
“I don't know. Chris did you hear what I said about Debra's baby? That baby is one of us now. What kind of monster does that to a little baby? What kind of monster have I become?” I asked.
“It depends on who you ask whether or not you're a monster or a humanitarian. I know you love life in all its splendor. I know you would have only given that baby the blood of life to save its life, and only if the mother understood and asked,” Chris said.
“How could any mother understand when she is holding her dying baby in her arms?” I asked.
I looked over to Debra and saw her still cradling her baby in her arms tears rolling down her cheeks as she leaned in kissing the babies head telling her how much she loved her. She looked up at me and I thought I saw hate flare in her eyes. My little Kathy and Nicole were standing by her reaching in to touch the baby and make sure she was alright.
“Your mommy is wonderful, she saved her life,” Debra said.
“I'm happy she's okay now. I wanted to help, but mommy says we aren't old enough to help yet,” Kathy said.
“You're both vampires like your mommy, aren't you?” Debra asked.
“Uh-huh daddy was a vampire before we were born so we've always been vampires,” Kathy said.
“I always thought you were kidding about that. Will you help me teach Casie to be special like you and your mommy and daddy are?” Debra asked.
Both girls smiled as big as I ever remembered seeing them smile.
“I'm so sorry Debra, it won't be easy having a vampire in your family. Most of the time it shouldn't be much different from any of your other children. The thing you really need to worry about is if she starts threatening to bite. Where with most children the worst their bite can do is cause a lot of pain and maybe draw a little blood, Casie's bite could be deadly,” I said.
“There will be people I can turn to for help won't there?” Debra asked.
“You can always turn to my family, I'm responsible so I will always help if I can,” I said.
“What did you mean when you said you are the White Rose?” Debra asked.
“She meant just that, though it wasn't her that said it, don't get me wrong Debra the words did come out of her mouth, but it wasn't Sam that was talking exactly,” Kathy said.
“What does that mean though. There is something significant about it or there would have been no point in saying it,” Debra said.
“There was more said than just that. I said I am the first born of both the elements and the blood, I am the White Rose. I was born a witch, witches have elemental magic. I was created vampire, vampires have blood magic. In the past any witch bitten became a vampire and lost the use of their elemental magic. I'm the first witch to be bitten and not lose the use of my elemental magic. Therefore, I am the White Rose. Everyone here, when I spoke those words who know their magic knew what the words meant,” I said.
“Debra if you want to learn witchcraft, you'll hear the stories that talk about The White Rose. To be honest though I didn't expect to hear anyone who even comes close to meeting the qualification come out and say it in quite the manner Sam has. There have been others throughout history who have made the claim of being The White Rose, they've all been able to gather followers to support them, but never in all of history has a witch been bitten and retained the use of her elemental magic, until now,” Kathy said.
“So Sam really is The White Rose?” Debra asked.
“Stop it, The White Rose is a character from children's stories, nothing more. I'm the White Rose only in that I was White Rose commander,” I said.
“Of course Sam. Whatever you say,” Kathy said.
“Don't you dare patronize me big sister. Your magic is slow and cumbersome do you really want to try it against me. I could make you the first coven leader to be stripped of her power and turned into a vampire,” I said.
“You wouldn't dare!” Kathy said.
“You want to try me and find out?” I asked.
“Sam is there any chance of helping my girls get back home they're all exhausted,” Kathy asked changing the subject.
“Why don't you do it, after all they still aren't sure they believe you about me casting that banishing spell,” I said.
“I would normally, but I'm just as tired as they are,” Kathy said
“Take my hand,” I held my hand out to her and she just stood there looking at it. “Are you going to take my hand or not? If you want my help then take my hand,” I said.
She took my hand and gasped at the shear power of the magic flowing through me.
“Is it like that all the time?” she asked.
“What do you mean? That was only a trickle of what I have at any time,” I said.
She gasped again.
“How can you live with that? Sam I think I understand now why the simple things are so hard for you. With that trickle as you call it, it would tear me apart. I never had a clue,” Kathy said.
“That should be enough to help all of them get back to their homes,” I said.
“Ladies please join hands. Sam please if you would,” Kathy said.
I took each of their hands in turn and saw each of them gasp as the flows of magic I had filled them. Each of them when I released their hands looked into my eyes and said “Thank you Mistress, I am truly blessed to touch the full power of the Rose.”
“Kathy why is she not the leader of the coven?” I over heard one of them ask. “Her power is greater than we could produce in the casting coven we had.”
“You didn't feel it Tabatha? My sister is more than a witch, she is a vampire as well,” Kathy said.
They all gasped because I had closed off that part of my magic to them so all they could feel was the elements that bind the witches magic, and even that I had hidden away but a sliver of what Kathy had felt.
“She truly is the White Rose then!” I heard a couple of them exclaim.
“Mistress we seek only to serve the Rose,” several of them declared.
“Then I ask you keep this day to yourselves share it with no one not even each other,” I said.
They all agreed and were gone to wherever it was they needed to be.
“Sam are you going to join us at the club again?” Chris asked.
“What about all these children Chris. Debra is in no condition to care for them,” I said.
“I understand, is there someone I can have help you so things are easier,” he asked.
“Yes as a matter of fact there is someone that could help. Someone that I know would love to help out now that they are free of the religious bullshit they had been tied to. I think Debra will be fine for a few minutes while I run down the street. Kathy should be able to get everyone back to the party. Please enjoy yourselves and I don't want to see you until morning,” I said.
Chapter 8
“Sam how can I help here?” Sarah asked.
“I thought you would have gone back to the club with everyone else,” I said.
“I know my kids were shaken up by what happened and I have no doubt Debra is still having trouble believing what we are, and what you did to her baby,” Sarah said.
“Her baby would be dead now if I wouldn't have offered to help save her life. Is there anyway you could help tend the kids while I run down the street and see if I can get another neighbor to help out?” I asked.
“Sure it won't be a problem,” Sarah said.
I ran down the street to see if Elizabeth felt up to helping out with a Halloween party with mostly small kids the same ages as her children.
“Sam what's wrong? I heard the noise of the crowd that gathered. Is everyone alright,” Liz asked.
“Everyone that matters is safe, at least for now. How would you feel about bringing your kids and husband down to the Halloween party we're having down at our place?” I asked.
“Are you kidding? You're inviting me and my family to your party?” Liz asked excitement in her expression.
“Your family now Liz. Besides, I'm sure Debra would love to talk to you about her baby,” I said.
“What happened Sam? Why would she want to talk to me about her baby?” Liz asked.
“Because I think I scare her a little, and other than Chris and my girls you're the only vampire she's likely to know,” I said.
“Carl about freaked when I told him I'm a vampire now, he even thought I had gone out and spent a lot of money to get my fangs. I think he believes me now though. He can be such a sissy about things. You'd think I drained all his blood to hear him tell it,” Liz said.
“Samantha do you know what Liz told me?” Carl asked.
“I wasn't here Carl so how could I possibly know what Liz told you?” I asked.
“She told me she was bitten by a vampire and now she's a vampire. I tried to tell her there's no such thing, but she even bit me to prove she's a vampire,” Carl said.
“She bit you? I don't see any bite marks. Shouldn't there be a couple little hole if she's a vampire and bit you?” I asked.
“There were, but I think they've healed already I do heal pretty fast,” Carl said.
“I'm sure you do Carl, but a good vampire never leaves the bite mark for someone else to see,” I said.
“Don't tell me you believe in vampires too,” Carl said.
“And why shouldn't I believe, Carl? A vampire saved my life a few months back with his bite, unfortunately to use the bite to heal leaves a mark on a persons' life. One that includes fangs,” I said.
I felt my fangs extend and the blood magic flow as Carl turned white with fear.
“You don't need to worry Carl. I won't trespass on Liz's feeding ground, though if I chose to she would willingly give you to me,” I said.
He paled even further.
Liz talked Carl into coming down and they promised they wouldn't be more than ten minutes behind me.
When I got back down to the kids, Sarah had them all playing games I'd never seen before. It was similar to tag with hide and seek thrown in for good measure. I stood by watching as child after child ran by me as though I wasn't there.
“Your sister is very good with the kids. I get the feeling she likes children more than she like most adults,” David said.
“I think you're right, but then after what her ex put her through it doesn't really surprise me,” I said.
“Was he one of the people here?” Debra asked.
“The third one I killed. The man who shot me was the first, followed by my birth mother then Sarah's ex. After that I killed the ones whose blood smelled the worst to me,” I said.
“Do you ever regret killing someone?” David asked.
“If you mean do I lose sleep over it, the answer is no. if you mean really regret killing, the answer is yes. I hate killing. I hate it as much now as I did during the war,” I said.
“I've heard you mention you fought in the war before. I didn't think they let women fight in combat,” David said.
“They don't, but then I wasn't what most people thought of as a woman. When I was in the Air Force I was Captain Samuel Waters. I was given a reconnaissance unit that I named White Rose. My best friend through special forces training told me some stories he grew up with about a woman that was hidden from the world in such a way no one knew who she was. From time to time she would reveal her true identity to the people she trusted most, but until she was ready to declare herself, the world would never know who she was. She was born a witch, but had never been trained in the craft so it seemed her magic was wild at times. Then one day she was injured and would have died but her prince was there and gave her the kiss of life and saved her though the witches feared she was now lost to them because a witch that has been bitten always lost her magic,” I said.
“Isn't that what happened with you?” Debra asked.
“It's very similar to my story, but there is more to the story. On her wedding day to her prince the coven leader forswore her seat as head of the White Rose coven giving the first seat to her younger sister, the heroin who was now thought to be a vampire. The older sister knew her sister still had her magic and that the stronger the magic required the easier it was for her sister. On her wedding night she faced a great evil destroying those who had reigned this evil down sparring only a few souls that were innocent of malice toward their fellow man,” I said.
“It sounds like she's a warrior queen,” Debra said.
I laughed at the title she had give, I never thought of The White Rose as either a warrior or a queen, but I could easily see how someone might think of her as both a warrior and a queen.
“There were a few in the coven who knew her to be a vampire and because of that knowledge refused to believe she could still be a witch. The leader of those who thought to oppose her held fast that she, as a vampire, had no right to lead the coven. It was she who had brought forth the destruction of so many at her hand. The Rose banished the opposer to a world between worlds that only the Rose could see into. She needed help in the cleanup, but there was no other witch available to her but the one she had banished. She approached the one witch available to her seeking the help she needed offering a new chance out of the exile if she would but help her to know the spell to hide away the dead,” I continued.
“Did she accept the offer?” David asked.
“I don't know the person I heard the story from didn't know either, since that was from one of the witches stories and he was a vampire. The stories he told showed the vampire side of the White Rose and had little to do with her witchcraft. I'm not sure how those stories go either since he only ever told them one time. After I named my reconnaissance unit White Rose it seemed everyone has wanted to call me The White Rose, and it drives me crazy because I just don't see the stories fitting who I am,” I said.
“That story sounds like it fits you to a tee,” Debra said.
“I don't see it. I'm no one special, I wouldn't even know where to begin to do the things attributed to The White Rose,” I said.
“It looks like Casie is asleep again. Sam will she be restless like this often? What was it like for you when you became a vampire?” Debra asked.
“I had been wounded and hadn't expected it to take so long before I would be able to get the wound treated. I thought it was a mere scratch needing a bandage and maybe a few stitches. I didn't know the bullet clipped my liver, and I was bleeding internally. If Chris hadn't been willing to give me the blood of life I would have died. After he gave me the blood of life, I felt my witchcraft slipping away behind a door I hadn't known even existed. I also felt the blood magic come alive in me, but felt hallow with my witchcraft being locked away. I was able to stop the door from closing on my witchcraft completely and in doing so almost lost the hold I gained on the blood magic. Both magics where familiar to me but in the past the witchcraft had always been the more familiar because it was my heritage. I knew I needed to let the blood magic take priority for a time and saw that there was a way of leaving both doors open just enough to access both and draw comfort from the magic of my heritage and the strength to heal from the magic of my new nature,” I said.
“So why haven't other witches been able to hold onto their heritage as you've done?” Debra asked.
“I haven't got a clue, unless it has been they were trained and believed it was impossible to have both magics at the same time. Kathy my sister seemed to think only the elemental magic of the witches held life that the blood magic of the vampires held only death. If that's what the training teaches I can understand why a witch would lose her link to elemental magic, the lore of life in the blood magic is so strong it takes a conscious effort to resist the blood lust. Even now I can see the pulse of your blood running through your neck. I can smell the sweet aroma of your blood knowing that if I were to taste your blood I might not be able to stop before I took so much it would kill you,” I said.
“I don't think I'd like that,” Debra said.
“I know I wouldn't like it because then I would have David mad at me and he and I don't get along that well under the best of conditions,” I said.
“He's not going to be happy to find out his baby girl is a vampire now. He'll be even less happy if he finds out you did it and with my permission,” Debra said.
“What will he think if you start training as a witch?” I asked.
“I think he sometimes thinks I'm a witch already,” Debra said.
“You are a witch already, you've just never received any training,” I said.
We both laughed a little and I waited to see if Debra would ever notice Liz had joined us.
“Liz you might as well stop trying to hide you aren't very good at it,” I said.
“I didn't think I could hide from you Sam, but it didn't look like Deb saw me until you said something,” Liz said.
“My name is Debra not Deb, or Debbie, or whatever other short form you might think should work. I know you hate being called by the long form of your name, but you can either use my name properly, or I will start using Elizabeth whenever I talk to, or about you. And for the record you were standing behind me and I wasn't sure if it was you or one of the kids listening to the story Sam was telling,” Debra said.
“Liar, you didn't know I was here admit it,” Liz said.
“I'm not a liar, I already told you all I knew was someone was behind me. I didn't panic because Sam could see whoever it was and didn't seem worried, so I felt certain whoever it was, wasn't really much of a threat,” Debra said.
“She has you there Liz. If I were you I would respect her wishes on the use of her name, there is a reason for it,” I said.
“I'm sure there is a reason, probably one I couldn't begin to understand,” Liz said.
“It's a simple reason actually. Growing up my parents liked the name Debra so they named their first three daughters Debra and since I was the oldest I got to use our name in its proper form and my younger sisters got stuck with the short forms one using Debbie, the other Deb, therefore I'm likely to think you're talking to someone else if you don't use Debra in referring to me. Don't feel to bad it drove all my teachers batty trying to remember not to use Debbie or Deb in referring to me,” Debra said.
“You're serious? Your parents really did that?” Liz asked.
“Yes Liz her parents really did that,” I said.
“And you knew, which is why you always call her Debra?” Liz asked.
“No not really, when Debra and I met she introduced herself to me as Debra without saying it was alright to use a less formal form of the name. I don't assume something like that and it never really dawned on me there were less formal forms for her name,” I said.
“Now you're joking. Come on Sam everyone knows that Debbie is the nickname for Debra and the short form is Deb,” Liz said.
“How many languages do you speak Liz?” I asked.
“One, but what does that have to do with it?” she asked.
“I speak four languages. In one of those languages there are no nicknames, in two of the others, peoples names might have a less formal equivalents, but that less formal name is rarely used without the consent of the individual. Only in American English is it ever assumed that using someones less formal name without their consent is proper manners. Personally I find the practice disgusting and arrogant,” I said
“I... I'm sorry I didn't know, Debra I'm sorry, I'll try to remember,” Liz said.
Debra and I both laughed and Liz joined in after, understanding that we both knew she would slip on that promise, but would try harder in the future until she did get it right all the time.
“Sam I kind of have to agree with Debra that the story you were telling does sound like it's about you. Just from the things I know and the stories Sarah was told about you when you were just kids, it sounds like it's about you,” Liz said.
“That story is about her, and she's the only one I know of who refuses to believe it. I hope you don't mind me joining you, the kids are all watching some kids' movie I don't think I can watch again, since my kids have seen it a thousand time at least,” Sarah said.
“How can you be so sure it's about her, Sarah?” Debra asked.
“Once you've entered your training Debra you'll hear all the stories all the way through. Any doubts they're about my little sister will be gone when you see the way she steals spells from Kathy. That and the part about The White Rose being so forgiving and trusting fit Sam to a tee,” Sarah said.
“Sarah if you're going to start telling those stories let me know and I'll go watch the movie with the kids. I think I'd rather watch a cartoon than hear a fantasy story that it seems everyone wants to cast me as the main character of,” I said.
“Before you go Sam. Kathy called and said she wants you in the shop tomorrow for final fitting on your dress. And wants to know when you're going to pick someone to be your maid of honor,” Sarah said.
“My maid or honor is a daughter of the Lotus. I'll pick her up on the way to see Kathy tomorrow,” I said.
I went in the house to watch the movie with the kids and soon found myself holding Casie with both of my girls sitting on my lap and Kelli and Erica sitting on either side of me.
The baby was asleep almost as soon as I picked her up, Nicole wasn't far behind falling asleep with her arms wrapped around my waist and her head laying on my breast.
If I wanted to move I would have to wake my baby and I hoped she would sleep through the remainder of the night as peacefully as she seemed to be sleeping in my lap.
“Aunt Sam were you scared?” Kelli asked.
“Scared of what Kelli?” I asked.
“Scared of all those people that wanted to hurt us,” Kelli said.
“I was afraid for you not myself. I knew those people couldn't do anything to hurt uncle Chris and I, unless they hurt you kids,” I said.
“Where did you send them all?” Kelli asked.
“What makes you think I sent them anywhere?” I asked.
“Cause mom only gets mad at you when you take her magic away from her,” Kelli said.
“I don't think that's the only time she gets mad at me, but you're right this time, she was mad because I changed the spell she was doing and sent those people where they can never hurt anyone again,” I said.
“The dead ones too?” Kelli asked.
“Even the dead ones. Kelli I want to know why you're asking these questions. Could you see the magic I did?” I asked.
“Your magic changed the magic mom and the others were doing and then you cast it out so fast I don't think mom even knew you changed her magic until those people disappeared,” Kelli said.
I felt my magic reach out to Kelli and was quite surprised what it told me about my niece.
“Did Kathy or Nicole bite you Kelli?”
“They didn't mean to, mom thinks I'm being lazy because I can't do some of the magic I used to be able to do,” Kelli said.
“I want you to take my hand so I can show you something,” I said.
As she placed her hand in mine the magic swallowed us taking us somewhere beyond the world we knew.
“Where are we aunt Sam?” Kelli asked.
“We're sitting right were we were Kelli, this isn't a real place that just anyone can come to. We are looking at the source of our magic. Right now you are only able to access the blood magic and even that you can't access fully, because you haven't completed the transition to full vampire yet. What I want to do here though is see if we can't make it easier for you to access your witch magic again as fully as before the little accident you had with Kathy's teeth,” I said.
We started walking toward the source of my magic and I heard Kelli moan and start pulling back the closer we got.
“What's wrong Kelli?” I asked.
“It hurts, I know it shouldn't but I never felt it so strong before,” she moaned.
“The source is the same for all of us. This is where our magic comes from,” I said.
“Aunt Sam it was never like that for me,” Kelli said.
I backed us out and chose another way of getting where I could access the source of magic. I found a door that had Kelli's name on it and entered with her leading the way.
“This is the source for me isn't it?” she asked.
The magic felt so restricted in this room, I had become so accustomed to having free access to the raw source and from this room a tiny trickle was the best possible. I pointed at a couple doors across the room from where we entered.
“Through those doors is the source to our magic, the one standing open the farthest is the door to your blood magic. The other door is your access to the elemental magic. I want you to go over and pull on the door to your elemental magic and see if you can prop it open the way it used to be,” I said.
She walked over and opened the door only to have it try closing again as soon as she let go of it.
“You need to find a way of holding the door open Kelli,” I said.
“Couldn't you do it for me?” she asked.
“What would you learn if I did it for you? I can show you how to get here, but if that door isn't open more than it is now you won't be able to get here. This time we used my magic to get here the next time I want you to use your magic,” I said.
She gave me a very frustrated look of disgust that I wasn't willing to prop her door open for her.
“Kelli through that door is the source of elemental magic. Think about what that means. Think about the magic your mother has already taught you. Look at the other door that is the source of blood magic that won't open anymore until you complete the transition to becoming a vampire, then that door will be fully open and harder to shut than the elemental magic door is to keep open,” I said.
I watched as she drew in the elemental magic and used it to tie open the door that gave her access to that magic, in essence making a bridge that would connect the two doors together so when the blood magic door opened fully it would in turn open the elemental magic door fully as well.
“Do you think that will work? It should give me most of what I had before, and if it works the way mom said it should, when I finish becoming a vampire, open the door to me being a stronger witch too,” she said.
I smiled at her ability to do what no one thought could be done, but then no one had ever seen this part of life before as far as I knew.
“You may need to come here and reinforce that bridge from time to time, but it looks to me like it should work,” I said.
“So how did you do it aunt Sam?” Kelli asked me.
“I didn't, that first place we were at that is the room through which I have access, I don't know if you could see much but there are no doors,” I said.
“You don't have doors limiting your access to the magic?” she asked.
“No, my only limit is how far in the room I'm willing to go. I think that's why the easy magic is so hard for me,” I said.
“I can't imagine being exposed to that much of the source all the time,” Kelli said.
“I don't remember life any other way. When I first became a vampire I went a lot closer to the blood magic and that was why the elemental magic was difficult. Now I try to stay centered between both,” I said.
“Do you think I'll be able to do both magics at the same time like you do?” she asked.
“I really don't know Kelli, I know it's something you'll try doing, but with how little the amount of each magic you have I don't know if you'll ever be able to find the balance necessary. For now I need you to not tell your mother about being a vampire. Can you do that for me?” I asked.
“You're afraid she'll get mad at you for that too?” she asked.
“Yes, I am afraid she'll get mad at me for it. Kelli I don't know what happened but it's a little late to worry about it now, what's done is done, and we'll try making the best of the situation. We should have your elemental magic were you can use it again, and if your bridge works the way it should that magic will get stronger when your vampire magic does,” I said.
“That will be so cool, I have kind of missed the magic mom was teaching me,” she said.
We were back sitting on the couch with Nicole still asleep in my lap and Casie sound asleep in my arms. I looked down at Kathy and she gave me a look that said she knew she was in trouble, but wasn't about to say anything with everyone else where they could hear.
Sarah, Liz and Debra came in, seeing the way Nicole and Kathy had taken my lap and Kelli and Erica were sitting so close to me they giggled and started whispering about I must be the worlds greatest mother as well as the most powerful witch and vampire.
Debra took Casie from me and she didn't stir a bit, that I had woven a small thread of vampire magic in to help her become use to her new nature I'm sure had a little to do with her peaceful sleep. Sarah took Erica and held her in her lap to allow me a little more room and give Liz room to sit.
When Liz was seated I asked if she would be willing to take Nicole so I could take Kathy in the other room to have a talk with her. Kathy gave me a look that said she knew she was in real trouble. I knew she wanted to run, but knew she didn't have anywhere to go if she did.
I lifted Nicole and set her on Liz's lap the same way she had been sitting on mine and heard her moan and shift a little trying to find just the right position to continue her dream.
“You young lady have a little explaining to do. Don't try running from me it will only make things worse for you because I might just turn you over to aunt Kathy,” I said.
She stood up and waited while I untangled myself from the couch.
Neither of us said anything until we got in the kitchen with the door closed.
“Have a seat Kathy and tell me what happened,” I said.
“Momma it was an accident. Kelli fell down and the dog bited her. She was hurting a lots and asked me to help since doggies are afraid of me when I get mad,” she said.
“What happened that you bit Kelli? You know we don't bite someone unless they are dying and then only if they ask us to like I did with daddy,” I said.
“I know momma, I didn't mean to bite her she was really hurt and I didn't know how to help her... I'm sorry mommy she asked me just like you asked daddy,” she said.
Kathy had never lied to me, she knew if she did it would get her in more trouble. Kelli had been terrified of Kathy when they first met, and now my niece had been given the blood of life and only lacked her first taste of blood to be a full fledged vampire.
My sister was going to have a fit when she found out her daughter was a vampire and the only hope I had of dissuading her anger was if Kelli still had access to her heritage. If the bridge she built holding the door open to her elemental magic worked, and I was fairly certain it would in part because it was woven of both elemental and blood magic, so it should be hidden from her mother since Kathy refused to even consider letting me bite her.
“Kathy I don't want you sharing the blood of life with your friends without their parents permission, I'll take care of dealing with aunt Kathy and uncle Brent this time, but I don't want anymore things like this, do you understand?” I asked.
“Yes mommy I understand. I promise I won't bite nobody again, I was just trying to help Kelli because she was hurting, and I didn't know what else to do,” she said.
“I know sweetheart and I think Kelli and I were able to help her keep her witches magic so I'm sure her mom won't be as angry as she could have been,” I said.
I was going to have to tell Kathy why her daughter had been having trouble with her magic lately and let her know that because of her daughter I now knew of a way of making it possible to give other witches back their witchcraft if they wanted.
I reached out to see if Kathy was busy, or free to talk and felt her frustration with me as soon as I touched her mind.
“If you're going to interrupt me Sam please at least do so in person, I'm sure between Sarah, Liz and Debra they can handle things there at least long enough for whatever you feel the need to talk to me about,” Kathy said.
“Perhaps you're right, but I don't want you to get angry until I've explained everything,” I said.
I let everyone know I needed to leave, there was something I needed to talk to Kathy about, and it was something best done in person.
Debra gave me a look that said she didn't understand she hadn't heard the phone, and I didn't have a car.
“Debra did you see how we got here from the club? Did you see where all those people went that hurt Casie? You know I come from a magical family and you've heard Sarah and Kathy both talk about me as though no one else has the magic I do. Do you really think I need a car to get back to the club or need a phone to talk to someone?” I asked.
She looked at me and realized she had been the only one to hear what I said. She knew she hadn't heard it with her ears, but with her mind.
“Do you understand now Debra?” I asked.
“I... no, but maybe one day I will,” Debra said.
“I'm sure one day you will,” I agreed.
I thought of where I needed to be and I was in the office of the club standing in the same place I stood when we left several hours earlier. I stepped to the door and noticed everyone still engaged in their party as though nothing had happened.
Kathy looked up at the office and started for the stairs. What we needed to talk about needed to be kept private so I waited. She stepped in the office and I closed and locked the door.
“What is so important you need to lock the door, and also might make me angry?” Kathy asked.
“It's about Kelli. I understand she's been having trouble with her magic lessons lately,” I said.
“For the last week to be exact. It's like she isn't even trying and that's with spells she had mastered. I take it she talked to you about it?” Kathy asked.
“She did. And it has nothing to do with her being lazy, I have no doubt she was trying as hard as she could to do those spells,” I said.
“You mean she lost her magic? Sam there is only one thing I know of that can prevent a witch from touching her magic,” she said.
“Are you going to let me tell you what happened or are you going to throw a tantrum and get mad about something that happened under your nose not mine?” I said.
“What happened?” she asked.
“From what I've been able to get out of both girls Kelli was getting mauled by one of your neighbors dogs. Kathy stepped in to help and chased the dog off, but Kelli was not in very good shape from the attack. Kathy, said Kelli begged her to help and so she offered her the blood of life,” I said.
“Your daughter turned mine into a vampire? Sam you promised me this would never happen. I trusted you. I... my... do you...” she started stuttering.
“Kelli is still a witch Kathy. She has her magic back. I'm not sure if I could have helped her get her magic back if her transition were complete, but she does have it back, like me she is a vampire witch,” I said.
“So it is possible? You can teach a witch that has been bitten to use her witchcraft again?” she asked.
“No! I can't teach them what I don't know. What I can do is show them how to open access to their witchcraft again, then it's up to them to find a way of keeping the access open, I won't do that for them,” I said.
“Did you do it for Kelli?” she asked.
“No. I showed Kelli what she needed to do and left it to her to come up with a way of doing it. Kathy like me she knows how to weave the two magics together, and her solution to the problem has increased her access to elemental magic,” I said.
“Can you show me how to do it?” she asked.
“You want to become a vampire? I can try but it does take blood magic to get where it's done,” I said.
“Show me please, Sam there are hundreds of witches that this could help, and talk about drawing the vampire and witch worlds closer together... if this works it might be possible to make each others magic visible. Vampires might stop biting witches simply because they're afraid we might seek to harm them and vis-versa,” Kathy said.
Chapter 9
I picked up Min Li on my way into to see Kathy about my dress and grandmother said she wanted to talk about what being the White Lotus meant.
“Lotus blossom it is important you lead here before you go to the people of the Lotus,” Grandmother said.
“I don't understand grandmother. How can I lead when I do not know my magic?” I asked.
“Magic knows you Blossom, it show you what to do,” Grandmother said.
“I know that is how it was in the past, but now it waits for me to decide. It wants me to know what to do,” I said.
“This I did not expect. You have grown much from time of salvation for my family. I wonder if I ever see you when you are White Lotus, and now I wonder again, if magic not show you what to do,” she said.
“Grandmother maybe I'm not the White Lotus, maybe I am a forerunner for the White Lotus. I know everyone here thinks I am what they call The White Rose, but I do not feel I am this White Rose, and I do not know the White Lotus at all,” I said.
“The White Rose, The White Lotus, they are the same they are both innocent. They are both pure heart. They are both magic of good,” Grandmother said.
“Then why do they fight amongst themselves? Why does the vampire fight against the witch. Would it not be better they join together to fight against that which is not pure? Which is not innocent?” I asked.
“Wisdom is not learned Blossom it is garnered through life. I cannot teach you to be wise. You must learn to be wise by doing that which is wise,” Grandmother said.
“How do I know what I do is wise grandmother?” I asked.
“Does it help other? Is it, self you serve? The wise do not seek for them glory, they are given glory because they are wise. When you see Min Li run across field you did not risk shooting to protect her, but when Chow Lin and grandmother run across field you shoot to protect. Why you do this?” Grandmother asked.
Min Li was across the field before the enemy saw her, but Chow Lin refused to run ahead of you and the enemy saw you running,” I said.
“So you risk your life and life of men who listen to you for an old woman, and young boy who refuse to leave old woman?” she asked.
“Grandmother I have relived that day more times than I can count. I would not have done anything different. Your only hope was to make it to me and my men. I knew when you were safe with us we could hide from the enemy. There was some risk, but to do nothing would have meant you and Chow Lin would have died,” I said.
“So you do what many think is foolish. Why?” she asked.
“Because it was the right thing to do,” I said.
“If it right thing to do, it is wise. You are Lotus Blossom now when right thing to do you be White Lotus, this is wise,” she said.
“It seems foolish grandmother, but then if now is not the right time it is not wise. I will wait and if the time comes I will become the White Lotus,” I said.
I really needed to get going since I knew I was going to be late as it was.
I thanked grandmother and received her blessing and went out into the shop to see if Min Li was ready to go.
“I should have known you would be a half hour late. Do I need to get you a watch for a wedding present?” Kathy asked.
“I'm sorry I didn't expect grandmother to want to visit with me for so long. Kathy this is Min Li I've asked her to be my maid of honor,” I said.
Kathy took a good look at her and backed away.
“She does know I'm a witch, doesn't she?” Kathy asked.
“Kathy she won't hurt you,” I said. 
“That's what you said about your daughter too, and look what she did to my daughter,” Kathy said.
“Yes let's look at your daughter Kathy. She's way ahead of where she was and showing signs of being as strong as you already,” I said.
“Shut up Sam, that brat is as bad as you are about hiding her magic in vampire magic,” Kathy said.
“Dare I ask who she completed the transition with?” I asked.
“Her father volunteered. I can't believe my own daughter is going to start eating raw meat now. I want to get you in your dress so we can make sure everything is right. It won't take long to measure Min Li for her dress, so I want to start with you,” she said.
She showed me to a dressing room and while I was trying to get into my dress she measured Min Li for her dress.
“Are you about ready to come out Sam?” Kathy asked.
“Only if you want me half naked,” I said.
She stuck her head in and started laughing.
“Just hold it in place and I'll help with that when you get out here were we have room,” Kathy said.
I walked out of the dressing room holding the top against my chest since I had no way of doing it up by myself.
Kathy started tightening the corset and I felt better as it tightened. Min Li stood there her mouth open seeing the dress Kathy and I designed.
“I've had a dozen people ask me if I could make them a dress like this one,” Kathy said.
“You promised me you'd never make another dress like this,” I said.
“I know what I promised Sam. I didn't tell them I would and some of them started making offers that were very hard to refuse. I even had one couple tell me they would pay upwards of one and a half million dollars,” Kathy said.
“You said no didn't you? This is a one of a kind dress, you promised,” I said.
“I told them I could make them something special but I would never even attempt a dress like this one again. This dress was sold before it was even designed. Sam I was hoping maybe we could get a few pictures of you in this dress that I can show to prospective customers, I will keep my word about never making another dress like this. After all there is only one White Rose, and only one dress, designed and made for The White Rose,” Kathy said.
“Can't you wait a week and a half then you can get dozens of pictures of me wearing this dress and all the last minute adjustments will be complete as well,” I said.
“You're going to be stubborn about this aren't you?” she asked.
“No. I just think you should wait until I have my hair and makeup just right,” I said.
“Alright I'll wait, but I get to take my own pictures,” she said.
“Of course you do.”
She marked a few tweaks she wanted to make as well as insisting on raising the hem just a little bit so I wouldn't be stepping on it. I mentioned a couple tweaks I wanted and she quickly marked them as well.
The fitting took the better part of an hour and it seemed we were constantly being interrupted with customers coming in seeing me standing there in my dress and asking if she would be willing to make one like that for them. One costumer I thought was really cute.
“May I help you?” Kathy asked.
“Oh my. That dress is so beautiful. How much does something like that cost?” the young girl asked.
“Quite a bit. Is there something I can help you with?” Kathy asked again.
“A friend said you make the prettiest wedding dresses. I don't really have a lot of money to spend, so I know I couldn't afford a dress like that one,” the young girl said.
“Can you tell me what price range you can afford?” Kathy asked.
“I... you're going to think I'm being silly even hoping for a nice dress. I can maybe come up with one hundred dollars,” the girl said.
I stood there half expecting Kathy to tell her she didn't make dresses that cheap.
“If you'll let me finish with Samantha, I'd be willing to show you some dresses in that price range that are absolutely stunning,” Kathy said.
The girl was more than willing to wait if it meant getting a really nice dress to get married in.
We finished the adjustments and she loosened the corset so I could get out of the dress.
“Kathy do me a favor and show her dresses in the five hundred to one thousand dollar range. Just subtract a zero from what you tell her and I'll make up the difference,” I said.
“You're serious?” Kathy asked me.
“Yea, I'm serious. If you think about it your wedding dress would have cost a lot more than you could afford if you hadn't made it yourself,” I said.
She took out her book of wedding dresses and started showing them to the young woman who seemed to think they were all so beautiful while I went back in the dressing room and got dressed again.
On the way back out Kathy looked up and smiled as though she didn't have an issue of me paying the biggest part of the cost for a wedding dress for someone neither of us knew.
“So it will be ready on time, right?” I asked.
“Yes Sam it will be ready and I'll make sure it's at the reception hall with plenty of time to help you into it,” Kathy said.
“You look so beautiful in that dress,” the young girl said.
“Thank you I'm just glad Kathy's able to do it for me. I'd be lost without her help,” I said.
“Well little sister if you show up for your wedding the way you did for this fitting you might not be getting married,” Kathy said.
“Chris would wait for me,” I said.
“I'm Samantha Waters, Kathy's my oldest sister.” I held out my hand to the young woman, and saw her pull back a little in what appeared to be fear.
“I'm Tammy Jacobs. It's a pleasure to meet you Samantha,” she said.
“Are you afraid of me for some reason Tammy?” I asked.
“A little,” Tammy said.
“Why would you fear me? I don't think we've ever met before now,” I said.
“I don't know I just feel a little afraid of you,” she said.
“I promise you have nothing to fear from me, unless you think your better than others,” I said.
“My uncle is the only person I know like that. I only met him once, when I was really little. He came to a family reunion and made fun of everybody because he was rich and we weren't. He didn't like that my dad left the church he was a member of either,” she said.
“The predominant church in this area?” I asked.
“Yes. Dad told me it was a really bad church because it taught people to hate like uncle Martin does,” she said.
“I think I'd really like your dad. Kathy and I were born in that church. I left it when I was still in school and Kathy left it while she was in college. I know we're both a lot happier than when we were still members,” I said.
“So dad was right about it teaching people to hate?” she asked.
“Yes I think so. You said your uncle is Martin Jacobs?” I asked.
“I think he hates dad because he just calls him Marty, then anything else, but yes his name is Martin Jacobs. Do you know him?” she asked.
“Never met him, but my little sister is married to his daughter and I'm getting married to his youngest son,” I said.
“That'll make us family,” Tammy said.
“Yes I believe you're right, even more so then both of us being people makes us. Tammy I would love to send you and your family an invitation to my wedding, if you can let Kathy know where I can send the invitation, and please don't worry about the cost of the dress you like. While Kathy has promised me she'll never make another one like the one she's making for me, I believe most everything else she has is available,” I said.
“But I can't afford a really expensive dress,” Tammy said.
“Maybe you can't, but you have family who can. And since you are family and this is a once in a lifetime thing you deserve the best. Pick out whatever dress you like and I'll pay the difference of what you can afford and what the dress costs. I do ask though that you keep the full cost of the dress below one thousand dollars,” I said.
I turned to Kathy, and Min Li and I walked out the door.
“She's serious isn't she?” Tammy asked Kathy.
“She's serious. Sometimes I think she doesn't have a brain in that head of hers. Other times I swear she acts like Chris is made of money. I still find it hard to believe how much he's worth considering he didn't get anything from his father,” Kathy said.
“But uncle Martin is so rich, why wouldn't he share it with one of his sons?” Tammy asked.
“Chris joined the Army and that started the bad blood between him and his father. Then he married a woman daddy didn't approve of and that pretty much put the icing on the cake. Chris built his empire on his cooking ability and his organizational skills as a combat commander,” Kathy told her.
“I think I'd like to meet him he sounds like a dream,” Tammy said.
“He sounds like a nightmare to me, but I don't remember ever seeing Sam so happy, and she does mean the world to me,” Kathy said.
“She can sense your blood thirst. That is why she fear you sister,” Min Li said.
“I don't think she fears me any longer, Min Li,” I said.
I got back to the nail salon and walked Min Li inside asking her if there were any chance of having the Lotus wedding covenant inscribed on my nails for the wedding.
“Your nails be special Blossom you come get nails ready morning of wedding, you not worry Min Li do special just for Blossom,” Grandmother said.
“Thank you grandmother, Thank you Min Li. I will be here early so there is plenty of time I don't damage my nails before the wedding,” I said.
“Chris I think it's time I meet your family,” I said when I got back home.
“You're my family Sam. I know that isn't what you want to hear, but believe me my father is someone you don't want anything to do with. My older brother is a carbon copy of my father and mother is afraid to do anything without fathers permission. They give money to their church and think in doing so they are helping people less fortunate than they are. Anyone who doesn't think like they do is wrong. They live in a little world all their own,” Chris said.
“It's time I meet them Chris. If you won't take me I'll go on my own. They're going to be my family through you and the girls and I have the right to make my own decisions about them, regardless of what you might think of them,” I said.
“I'll see if I can't make arrangements, but I can't promise anything,” he said.
“They'll agree to see us. I have one more request. I think we should invite your uncle Warren and his family to our wedding,” I said.
“Uncle Warren and his family? How do you know about them?” Chris asked.
“I ran into Tammy when I was at Kathy's shop this morning,” I said.
“I haven't seen uncle Warren in fifteen years, I wouldn't even know how to get a hold of him. Why would Tammy have been in Kathy's shop? She can't be more than eighteen if that,” he said.
“I would say closer to seventeen, but she's looking for a wedding dress. I told her she could pick out something up to one thousand dollars and pay what she can afford and I'd make up the difference,” I said.
“That's fine. If I remember right uncle Warren was cut out of grandpa's will for having left the church, kind of like me and Christie. Did she say anything about how her family's doing?” he asked.
“No. She just wanted to know about getting a wedding dress and what it might cost. She did say something about she might be able to come up with one hundred dollars for the dress,” I said.
“Do you think you could find uncle Warren with your magic?” he asked.
“Chris I have no idea how to do something like that. If I knew what he looks like...” I started and everything changed.
Something happened and we were standing outside a discount store across town in one of the lower cost areas. I noticed someone that looked very much like Tammy only several years older and knew just what happened.
“It seems your magic knew how to find him even if you didn't,” Chris said.
The woman I saw was pushing a wheelchair that had a teenage boy sitting in it.
“Hello Carol. Is your dad here somewhere?” Chris asked.
“Steven? You are Steven aren't you?” Carol asked.
“I haven't used that name in years, but I guess it has been years since the last family reunion I went to. I really would love to talk to your dad if he's around here,” Chris said.
“He should be catching up shortly. You haven't met my baby brother have you? Steven this is Matt. Matt say hello to our cousin Steven,” Carol said.
“Carol I go by Chris now not Steven. Please if you don't mind,” Chris said.
“I'm sorry Chris, it's going to seem strange calling you that. You were about the only one from your family I even liked. How are your brothers doing? And uncle Martin and aunt Evelyn?” Carol asked.
“I have no idea how Junior, mother and father are doing. Christie's doing great now though,” Chris said.
“Who's Christie?” Carol asked.
“My twin sister. Okay, she was my twin brother until a month ago, but now that she's being herself she's a lot happier. She's also married to this gorgeous womans baby sister,” Chris said.
“It seems there is more than just in-law niceness between the two of you,” Carol said.
“That's part of what we need to talk to your dad about,” Chris said.
“Steven? I'm surprised to see you. How's my big brother doing?” Warren asked.
“I have no idea uncle Warren. I haven't talked to father in more than five years, and if it weren't for Sam here it would likely be another hundred and five years before I'd talk to the bastard again. Can I ask you not call me Steven, that's a name I haven't used since before I joined the Army, I've gone by Christopher or Chris for the last eight years,” Chris said.
“I guess I haven't been very good at keeping up on things with your family,” Warren said.
“I can't say I blame you father didn't exactly go out of his way to make anyone feel worthy at the last reunion I was at,” Chris said.
“That was the last reunion there was, at least the last one your family was invited to. So what can I do for you Chris? That's going to take some getting use to,” Warren said.
“Sam and I would love to have you and your family come to our wedding,” Chris said.
“Are your parents going to be there?” Warren asked.
“I doubt father or Junior will be, mother might if she can get fathers okay,” Chris said.
“So they are invited?” Warren asked.
“They are invited, but like I said I'm pretty sure father won't be there since he disowned me when I changed my name to Christopher, and completely disowned me when I went in the Army,” Chris said.
“I guess you're no longer in that church?” Warren said.
“He better not be in that damned church any longer, or I'm calling off the wedding. I'll be damned long before I'll marry someone who has anything but contempt for that religious nonsense,” I said.
Just the mention of that church set my blood boiling. I had never reacted that strongly before, but they hadn't tried hurting my children before either.
“Well I guess that answers that question. I didn't mean to say anything to offend ma'am.”
“We just had a big run in with that damned church and so I'm a bit touchy,” I apologized.
“Normally Sam is a very forgiving person uncle Warren. Like me, she was raised in that church and was the first in her family to leave it. We recently saw the abuse in the church first hand through what they were doing to her older sister and baby sister,” Chris said.
“You mean the way they treat women?” Warren asked.
“Just the way they treat people in general. It isn't just woman they abuse its anyone stupid enough to fall for their bullshit, and not be strong enough to defend themselves. Friday night it came to a head, and they showed the hatred they have for someone smart enough and strong enough to walk away and protect their family too. Because of their hierarchical bullshit there are several people dead now,” I said.
“I'm sorry to hear that, I don't remember hearing about anything on the news,” Warren said.
“It won't be on the news. It was a matter for The White Rose and she dealt with it,” I said.
Chris looked at me wondering just why I would have mentioned who so many seemed to think I am as though she was a casual friend.
“The... The White Rose is just stories isn't she?” Carol asked.
“You tell me Carol, surely by now you've probed us with your magic enough to know we are magical beyond anything you could know. Beware when probing someone in the White Rose you may not like what you find,” I said.
“Daddy they're both vampires,” Carol said.
“Oh Carol we are so much more than just vampires. Had we been here to cause harm the harm would already be done. I am The White Rose. I am the first born of element. I am the first born of blood. I am The White Rose in the flesh,” I said.
She reached for her magic and I cut her off.
“You have nothing to fear, but fear itself. You are a White Rose witch and thereby protected by the White Rose. If a vampire is nearby you know their nature, were before you could only guess. The White Rose is the only coven that can know that way. Call to Katherine and ask her about her sister the vampire. Ask her about the power of the Rose. Ask her about the dress she makes for me,” I said.
“You know the coven leader?” Carol asked.
“She's my oldest sister,” I said.
“Dad I want to go to their wedding. I don't care if uncle Martin is there I know he won't be able to hurt anyone, the White Rose will be there, and I know she won't let anything happen,” Carol said.
“Chris we'd be delighted though I don't know much about this White Rose. From the stories Carol and Tammy tell though I always though she was just some fictional character from some story books they found somewhere,” Warren said.
I looked at Carol and realized her father knew nothing of our world and perhaps it would be best if it remained that way at least for now.
I handed them an invitation to the wedding and let them know while it wasn't really a formal affair, dress clothes would be nice.
“I'm sure we'll all wear the best we have Samantha, we wouldn't want to cause too much of a problem,” Warren said.
“Uncle Warren if you need a suit please let me know, I'm more than willing to help out if I can,” Chris said.
“I take it you don't put strings on helping the way your father does,” Warren said.
“There isn't much I agree with my father about. I believe in family, but haven't stayed in touch because of my father, and I wasn't sure how accepted I would be among the rest of the family because of him. The money I have I didn't get from him. When I left the church he cut me off completely. I just happened to make a few good investments and was able to get my own restaurant setup. Now I own a couple night clubs and have restaurants in five other cities that all do better than my original here does,” Chris said.
“It sounds like you've done well for yourself,” Warren said.
“I haven't done to bad. The last I checked my investments have grown to surpass what father has. In more than one way I'm glad he disowned me it gave me the chance to start over,” Chris said.
Chris gave his uncle a thousand dollars and somewhere he could take his family to get some nice dress clothes at a reasonable price.
“Uncle Warren if that isn't enough tell them I sent you and ask them to put the balance on my account,” Chris said.
We watched them walk away into the store before I took us back home. It wouldn't do for uncle Warren to see me working magic his daughters didn't think could be done by a single person. I saw Carol turn just as the spell was cast, the look on her face spoke volumes since she was now left wondering if I might really be The White Rose, from the stories she knew.
Chapter 10
I knew Chris had been trying to make arrangements to see his parents, we had even sent them an invitation to both the wedding and the reception, but as yet had received no word back about whether they would be attending either.
Uncle Warren called and asked if the invitation we had given him included all the family or just his family. Chris started laughing and informed him it was for all the family that would be able to make it. When he hung up he said uncle Warren was going to be bringing nearly fifty people and depending on how many others were going to be able to make it we might have to find somewhere bigger to hold the ceremony. I started laughing and told him we would manage somehow, but it sounded like his side was going to be crowded and might need to slop over to my side since I didn't have that much family.
I included all the men who had been under my command as family, and invited them to both the wedding and the reception. For the ceremony we opted to have it for family only and to me those men were family. We had been through hell together and they were everyone of them like a brother to me, I only hoped they could all accept me as a sister.
“Sam I have some things I need to take care of at the restaurant I'll meet you at the club and I promise I'll be there on time,” Chris said.
“Okay dear. I'll see you at the club,” I said.
I needed to get my nails done, grandmother said Min Li would do something very special and I figured whatever it was would take time. I asked Liz if she could help make sure the girls were ready on time since they were going to be my flower girls and Liz and Debra had both agreed to be brides maids.
“Sam haven't you left yet? If you don't get going you're going to be late for your own wedding.” Mom said finding me sitting with Kathy and Nicole trying to help Kathy read a story she had read for the umpteenth time.
“I'm waiting for Liz who promised me she would be here on time and would help make sure the girls were dressed and to the club on time,” I said.
“You get going and I'll take care of the girls until Liz gets here,” Mom said.
“You need to get ready to mom. It's just as important you get there on time as it is I do, after all you're giving me away,” I said.
“Honey we've talked about that. I still feel it would be better if Jim gave you away, after all he makes a much better father figure than I ever could,” Mom said.
“Then both of you can give me away mom, but I want you walking me down the aisle whether Jim does or not,” I said.
“I give up Sam. You know I'll walk the aisle with you, but you better not laugh if I start crying,” Mom said.
“I might laugh with you mom, but never at you,” I said.
“Good now get out of here and I'll give Liz a good what for when she get here,” Mom said.
I gave each of the girls a hug making them promise they would be good girls for grandma, and aunt Liz when she got there.
I was wearing some grubbies since I knew no matter what I wore I would be changing once I got to the club.
“You running late sister, we need hurry fast, so you not be late for wedding, sit here I start now,” Min Li said.
I never would have guessed how important this wedding was to other people I felt I should be the one frustrated about running late yet I felt no frustration at all. Everything was going just fine other than a few butterflies that seemed to have made a home in the pit of my stomach.
Before I was even seated Min Li had one of my hands and was stripping the old polish off while I tried to get comfortable.
She started giving me another hand massage and it seemed she was done. I looked at my right hand and on each nail was a perfect white rose and on each nail of my left hand a perfect white lotus blossom. I looked at Min Li and saw frustration in her eyes because try as she might the rose and lotus kept appearing on my nails.
Grandmother came out already dressed in the traditional robes of her people and seeing the pattern on my nails smiled.
“Min Li you will no get anything else to show on nails. This is the Mark of who Samantha is and her magic make the rose and the lotus on her fingers this way,” Grandmother said.
I looked at Min Li and thanked her holding her hands and weaving a touch of magic to her nails. She gasped as her nails lengthened and a perfect lotus blossom appeared on each of her nails.
“A present from me to you sister of the Lotus,” I said.
There were tears in her eyes as she looked over at grandmother.
I took grandmothers hands and again wove a thread of magic softening the skin a little and etching a perfect lotus bloom on each of her nails.
“The Lotus are my people as are the Rose. Without the people of the Lotus, The White Rose could not bloom, just as without the people of the Rose the White Lotus would fade away and die,” I said.
“There is wisdom you speak that the world cannot yet understand,” Grandmother said.
“Will you be able to get to the club or would you like me to bring you with me?” I asked.
“You have much yet to do and Min Li still must dress, we can manage daughter,” Grandmother said.
I slid into the car fastening my seatbelt and sat there staring at nothing. The biggest day of my young life and I wanted it to be over so I could be with the man of so many dreams over the years.
I don't know how long I sat there staring at nothing only that is seemed I had just slid in when I heard someone tapping on the window. I looked out and there stood Mac with a worried look on his face.
I unlocked the passenger door and he slid in looking over at me.
“I have no idea how long I've been sitting here. Mac, I don't remember ever feeling so loved, or so scared it's just a dream,” I said.
“Maybe I should drive Sam,” Mac said concern in his voice.
I started the car and backed out of the parking place headed in the wrong direction. I put the car back in park and started crying. I heard Mac open his door and come around the car and open mine. He reached in and with what seemed no effort picked me up and carried me around to the passenger side and gently placed me back in the car.
I have no idea how long it took for him to drive the block to the club it seemed we hadn't moved, yet like hours had gone by at the same time. After parking he again came around the car and opened my door for me asking if I thought I could manage, or I needed him to carry me again.
This time I gave him a dirty look and refused his hand in getting out only to fall back in and have him help me to untangle myself.
“Sam, you know we're all here for you. There isn't much any of us wouldn't do for you.”
“I know Mac. I couldn't ask for better brothers, I know that might sound strange, but that's how I've come to see all of you,” I said.
“I don't think we could ask for a better sister,” Mac said.
He walked in with me and made sure I was in the office before going back out to join everyone who was already there.
“I see that big gorilla found you. Sam you were supposed to be here twenty minutes ago,” Kathy said.
“Mac is a sweetheart not a gorilla. I'm sorry about being late I lost track of time after getting my nails done,” I said.
She looked at my nails then turned away.
“Sam I'm stepping down as the leader of the White Rose coven,” Kathy said.
“I know, do you really think I'm ready?” I asked.
“You'll have to be, I can't teach you anything more. It's the small magic that's hard for you and because I can only see what it is you're doing less than half the time I don't know how I can help you. I don't want to become a vampire so I can try guessing at what you're doing and it seems every time I start something even with a full casting coven you finish it and cast before I have any chance of understand what you've done,” she said.
“I... I wish I knew what to say,” I said.
“Don't say anything, just accept this as a wedding present. I don't know what else I could give you that you don't already have and the design on your nails confirmed what I've suspected for some time now. There is no one else who can lead the coven in the direction it needs to go,” she said.
I stepped into my dress and she started tightening the corset.
“I know it's time for me to acknowledge that I am indeed The White Rose talked about in the stories, but as far as I am concerned they are still just stories. I'm not going to promise to do things the way the stories tell,” I said.
“You don't have to Sam. The stories were simply to let us have an idea of who you are. As far as I know there is only one thing still missing from you making yourself known. According to the stories given to me as the head of the coven, stories never shared with the general population of the coven, after you say your vows the mark of the White Rose you bare will be shared with all who are of the White Rose, magical and non magical alike. It's the last conformation of The White Rose,” Kathy said.
I felt her give a couple more tugs tightening the corset and she tied it off setting the cummerbund to hide the strings.
“Kathy I'll accept your gift if you'll stay with me to help when I have problems, to chew me out when you think I did something wrong. You're about the only person other than mom I can count on to tell me when I'm being an ass,” I said.
“You can bet I'll stick around to tell you how fucked up you are from time to time. Well little sister it's someone else's turn to work on you now. This dress will never be made for anyone else because there is only one White Rose like you,” she said.
She leaned in and gave me a hug and kiss on the cheek, then disappeared out the door.
Erica came in with a smile on her face and a tear in her eye.
“I'm suppose to help with your hair and makeup Mistress,” Erica said.
“I know you are Erica. I'm the one who asked if you would help. You haven't been letting vampires feed on you have you?” I asked.
“Never Mistress though I don't think if you asked I could refuse you,” she said.
“I won't ask Erica. I do want to ask one thing though. Do you think you could do the symbol for the coven by my right eye and the symbol for the clan by my left eye?” I asked.
“I'm not sure I understand Mistress. Both symbols are already there and appear to be jewel encrusted with diamonds and rubies,” she said.
She held a mirror for me to look in and I felt a tear trying to slide from the corner of my eye. The makeup was perfect only my hair needed attention and the veil placed on top with the tiara holding it in place, and my boots to raise the hem off of the floor in front.
Erica worked with an efficiency that told of her love for the work she was doing. With the tiara in place she helped me with my boots and then hurried out the door leaving me alone. I really was The White Rose of ancient lore, and there would be no more denying it to anyone, but something felt wrong. Not wrong with the wedding everything about that felt wonderful and right. This wrongness was something later perhaps at the reception tonight.
“Sam are you about ready?” Mom asked.
I turned and mom and Jim were both standing there. Mom gasped as my rose necklace caught the light along with the roses in the tiara. The look on Jim's face said more than anyones words or look before. It seemed he was ready to fall on his knees and worship me and if he did I was going to smack him.
“You look... Sam I knew you would be beautiful, but I'm not sure that words fits here, I can't think of a word that fits here. I'm not sure there is a word that fits. Beautiful just leaves something out gorgeous isn't near strong enough to explain the magnificence and splendor. If anyone sees anything but you when you walk in there I'll be surprised,” Mom said.
My mother the great orator of our time. She came over and reached out as though to touch my face over the mark of the coven, but drew her hand back not quite making contact.
“I have one thing more to do and I'll be ready. Is everyone here and waiting?” I asked.
I reached out touching moms and Jim's cheeks and the symbols of their magic blazed showing mom as the witch she was and Jim as the werewolf he was. I knew the symbol of everyone in the club now showed whether they were witch or vampire. Elf or werewolf. Each of the magics of the Rose was just a little different and had a different symbol though all the symbols held one thing in common my White Rose. I was The White Rose and it was time the world knew The White Rose was real.
“I'm ready now mom,” I said.
Jim didn't offer to help me down the stairs instead he picked me up in his arms and carried me to the curtained off area I would wait, while Chris walked to the alter, and waited for me to make my entrance.
The organ started and I felt the butterflies jump in my stomach. As soon as I stepped through that curtain I was declaring myself The White Rose, and anyone who knew the stories would no longer doubt they were more than just fiction written long ago. Those stories talk about me and some of the things I would do to bring balance to magic.
Jim smiled proud he could be accepted as someone worthy enough to carry out the task of walking The most powerful witch and vampire the world would ever know down a small aisle to the man waiting for her at the other end.
Mom gave me a final hug and stepped to my right while Jim stepped to my left and the curtain opened.
I looked down the aisle, and it seemed miles long. I wasn't sure we could ever cover so vast a distance in the time the music would play. Jim took my arm and I took the first step and the world around us changed and we were in a lush field with a gentle breeze blowing through the big oak trees. The emerald grass just long enough to be a carpet that shimmered with a light coat of dew.
Kathy, Nicole, Kelli and Erica were walking in front of me dropping white rose petals on the emerald carpet between the rows of onlookers gathered for this special event.
“Breathe Sam,” I heard myself saying with each step I took. “This day was made just for you.”
Another step and Jim was giving my hand into the hand of the man who had filled my dreams for as long as I could remember. I took another step and turned to my left facing the most handsome man ever to have graced the world.
The judge officiating stood there not saying anything for what seem forever while I looked into the eyes of the man who meant the most to me. The man who had cared enough to bring completion to my world.
“Dearly beloved we are gathered here to join together this man and this woman in the bonds of marriage, if there is anyone here with just cause why these two should not be joined speak now or forever hold your peace,” the judge said.
A pause that stretched on begging to be filled with the words of love Chris and I shared.
“Do you Christopher Jacobs take this woman Samantha Waters to be your lawful wedded wife, to have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health as long as you both shall live?”
Will he answer the question with I do? Is he having second thoughts? Why is he taking so long?
“I do,” Chris said.
“Do you Samantha Waters take this man Christopher Jacobs to be your lawful wedded husband, to have and to hold, for richer or poorer, in sickness and health as long as you both shall live?”
“I do,” I said almost before the judge was finished.
I understand Christopher and Samantha have written vows they wish to share. Christopher.”
“Samantha I have known you in my dreams since I was a small boy, through the years you've always been there just a dream away to stand by me and help me understand those things only a wife can help her husband understand. You've taught me patience when I didn't have any. You've taught me love when I was sure no one could ever love me. This day I give to you Samantha all that is mine to give. Nothing that is mine will ever be withheld from you. As the ring is a circle without beginning or end so to is my love for you without beginning or end.”
“Christopher each night I would enter into a world were only love held sway a world where you were always by my side, giving me the strength to continue when it seemed the world was falling apart. I can't think of a time when I haven't loved you with all my heart. You've given me more than I know how to repay, I love you for as long as there is breath in my lungs.”
“The rings?”
Kurt stepped forward holding the ring that went with the one already on my finger.
“Christopher if you'll repeat after me. With this ring I thee wed.” he waited while Chris repeated the words. “Please slip the ring on her finger.”
He turned now to me.
“Samantha if you'll take the ring and repeat after me. With this ring I thee wed.”
I repeated the words slipping the ring on Chris' finger.
“By the power vested in me I now declare you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride.”
Chris turned the veil up and pulled me into his arms kissing me like it was the first time we kissed.
Chapter 11
On the way out to the car there were people walking by and I wondered what they would think seeing the marks on mine and Chris' face indicating who we were to the magical world few mortals knew anything about.
Several people stopped and stared watching us come out of the club me in my wedding dress and Chris in his tux. Many of them wishing us the best in our marriage, but none of them commenting about the marks on our faces.
I helped the girls get in their seats making sure they were buckled in and noticed they each had both marks just as Chris and I have both marks. I hadn't noticed any elemental magic in them before, but knew the marks were right when I spotted them, and wondered if it was because they were my daughters, or if they had gotten the elemental magic from somewhere else.
“Sam, can I have a word with you before you leave please,” Kathy said.
“Sure Kathy what is it. I don't know if you heard what I sent out to all the witches of the White Rose. But I've gotten back some nasty comments already. There are several witches that don't like the idea of me turning the coven over to you, because they know you're a vampire. I've tried to assure them you are still a witch, but I think some of them may try challenging you tonight,” Kathy said.
“I'll worry about that tonight, but thank you for telling me. Kathy did you notice both of my girls have the Mark of the witch as well as the vampire?” I asked.
“I noticed Kelli did, but you held the attention of everyone in there. Sam mere words can't describe how beautiful you look. If they have both it wouldn't surprise me,” Kathy said.
“I'll see you at the house in about an hour?” I asked.
“I'll make sure your car gets back to the house, and I did promise to help with the girls until the reception, so about an hour sounds right,” Kathy said.
The windshield of the car was the only one not marked to announce that we had just married. All the way home people would honk and call out waving. I wanted to hide and was never so happy as when we got home and Chris, rather than parking in the drive as we usually did, pulled the car in the garage, closing the door before helping me out of the car.
He insisted on carrying me in the house and then going back to helping the girls out of the car. I went in the bedroom to change, while he was back out at the car helping the girls, and found there was just no way I was getting out of my dress without help. I knew where the ties for the corset were but I couldn't seem to reach them no matter how hard I tried and even looking in the mirror I couldn't quite see them so using magic to assist me was out of the question. Chris came in and started laughing watching me twisting this way and that trying to find a way of loosening the ties for the corset and not quite being able to reach.
“You could always help rather than just standing there laughing,” I said.
“I could but I do have to say you are putting on quite a show,” he said.
He came over and with a quick tug had the tie for the corset undone and was starting to loosen the strings so I could slip out of it. I felt the last string loosen and turned to face him and it tightened back up a little but it wouldn't be that hard for me to loosen it on my own now.
“So Mr Jacobs what did you think of the final decoration I made to the wedding?” I asked.
“Do you mean the art work on everyone there or the way you decorated the club to look like an open forest meadow?” he asked.
“All of it,” I said.
“That wasn't just decorations was it?” he asked.
“You tell me,” I said.
“So where did you take us?” he asked.
“My ancestral home. When I stepped out of that curtain the aisle seemed to be a million miles long. That meadow flashed in my mind and we were there. Did you know you're a witch as well as a vampire? That our girls are both witches as well as vampires?” I asked.
“No I wasn't aware, but I'm not really surprised,” he said.
I let the dress fall to the floor and started to step over the skirt. Chris told me to jump and he'd catch me so I didn't step on the dress. I looked up at him thinking he had to be crazy and saw nothing but love in his eyes, so jumped and he did catch me and set me back on my feet just outside the ring of my dress skirt. He then reached over the skirt and gently picked up the dress by the corset and laid it on the bed.
“I guess you better get dressed, as soon as your sisters get here we have somewhere to go, and I think it would be better if the kids stay here at least for now,” he said.
The challenge that Kathy seemed to be worried about didn't bother me all that much it was something I already knew might come and felt sure my magic would prove sufficient to deal with, but this trip Chris mentioned brought on the feeling of impending danger stronger than it had been earlier when it hit while I was thinking of just how beautiful the day was to be getting married.
“You won't tell me any more than we have somewhere to go will you?” I asked.
“It is something you asked for, does that help?” he asked.
His hint didn't help in the least, and all I knew was whatever it was, it was going to bring both trouble and closure of a kind I didn't understand.
I walked over to my closet and started to panic after opening the door.
“Chris someone has stolen all my clothes. I'm glad I was wearing the necklace and earrings you gave me the night you proposed, or they would likely be gone too,” I said.
Whoever it was that had taken my clothes took hangers and all, there was nothing left but an empty rod. Even all my shoes were gone.
“I don't think anyone stole your clothes Sam. After you left some of the guys came in and started taking our things to the new house. I'm sure that's where everything is. They should have left what you set aside to wear after the wedding though,” he said.
“Great and you didn't think I should know about that. Chris the last time you said anything about the house it was going to be the first of the year before it would be ready to move into,” I said.
I started tearing my room apart looking for the dress I wanted, just hoping they hadn't taken all my clothes leaving me nothing but my wedding dress to wear. The boots I could live with, but the dress was just too much to wear an entire day.
I found nothing in my room and wondered if maybe Sarah had moved it into her room so the guys wouldn't pack it accidentally. There was still a robe hanging on the back of the restroom door so at least I wouldn't be running around the house naked looking for something other than my wedding dress I could wear.
I opened Sarah's door and thought of just pulling it closed again seeing all of hers and Scott's clothes laying wherever they had fallen in their rush to strip each other for their wild passionate sex.
I was so going to have to talk to them about that. I didn't really appreciate the questions from the kids about why aunt Sarah and uncle Scott always made so much noise when they went to bed.
I hadn't even noticed when Scott moved in because it seemed he was always there for every meal. Sarah seemed happier than I had seen her in years and that to me was more important than anything else and I liked Scott he had a humor that closely paralleled my own. I knew Mac and Scott would get along great if they ever got together in the same place.
Just before I closed Sarah's door figuring I'd never find anything I spotted my dress laying in the center of her bed with the hanger still attached like she had brought it in here gently laid it out on her bed and then forgot all about it.
“I'm sorry for the mess Sam, I don't usually let it get this bad. I moved your dress in here so it wouldn't get packed accidentally. I hoped to be able to get away from the wedding sooner and have it back in your closet before you changed,” Sarah said.
“I hope this isn't how your room has looked since Scott moved in,” I said.
“Everything has been so hectic with the wedding an all I just haven't been able to find the energy to do much else. As rundown as I feel I would swear I'm pregnant again,” she said.
“would it be a good thing, or bad? I know Erica and Kurt have different fathers it shows in more ways than I can count, I'm guessing Scott is the father of this one?” I said.
“I am pregnant then? Great just what I need another baby when I'm just starting to get my life back together. If I'm pregnant then yes Scott's the father, and any kids after this one I want him to be the father of too,” she said.
“So being pregnant is a good thing?” I asked.
“If by a good thing you mean it will get him to marry me, I doubt it and I'm not sure I would say yes if he did ask. I do love him, and I know he loves me, but I don't think either of us ever want to get married again,” she said.
“If you love each other that's all that really matters. Sarah a wedding is simply a legal commitment. If you love each other and remember to love each other daily that's what makes a marriage not the legal paperwork, that's just paper,” I said.
“You know Sam everyone loves you so much because you are willing to let us be ourselves. You're so special that way,” she said.
I took off the robe and pulled the dress over my head turning so Sarah could pull up the zipper for me.
“I know what it feels like not to be accepted for who you know you are. I don't want anyone to feel that way because of me,” I said.
Sarah walked back out to the living room with me and spotted Scott and went over to him while I went over to Chris and the girls.
“Are you ready to go?” Chris asked.
“Let me get the girls their lunch, then I'm ready to go, besides I thought Kathy was coming here, and I'd like to talk to her before we leave,” I said.
He shook his head, but didn't argue with me.
I took the girls in the kitchen and started fixing them sandwiches and tomato soup. Soups were one of the few things I did buy already made in a can so all I had to do was add milk and heat it up. The directions on the can said add water, but I hated how watery it made it and milk made it so much creamier I cut several slices off a stick of butter and threw them in the soup also and got a strange look from Sarah and Chris.
If they didn't like how I made soup they were more than welcome to help, but neither of them moved beyond the facial expressions they gave me. The soup came to a boil and I stirred it until the butter was all melted and stirred in then turned off the burner and fixed enough bowls for the kids that were there which were mine and Sarah's.
Again I got a dirty look from Chris like he expected me to serve him as well as the kids.
“If you wanted some maybe you should have said something and helped get it ready. I thought we were going to get something out,” I said.
Kathy and her family showed up as Sarah started fixing something for her and Scott to eat since I hadn't fixed anything for them either.
Kathy had her hands full of fast food and Chris looked over at me as if to ask if I was the only one in my family that refused to eat fast food.
“Sam that gorilla friend of yours insisted he needed to follow us here. I told him I'd let it be your decision whether or not he got to come in,” Kathy said.
I ran to the door and Mac was standing there as if he didn't belong. I jumped into his arms wrapping my arms around him hugging him as tight as I could, knowing I wouldn't hurt him doing so.
“Get in here Mac. Thanks for not saying anything this morning when you found me,” I said.
He signaled for someone to come up and join us on the porch. This tiny young lady came up looking very timid and afraid.
“You'll have to forgive Nancy she never expected to actually meet you. I've told her several of the stories about our escapades so she's a little surprised you happen to be real,” Mac said.
“Nancy it's a pleasure to meet you. Don't believe half whatever Mac said in those stories, knowing him he made it sound like I was the only one that could do anything,” I said.
“He did and it kind of made me scared of you ma'am, especially with what happened at the wedding. Mac said you were a witch and a very powerful witch at that, he didn't tell me you were now a vampire though. I take it the witch that was standing close to you made the symbols everybody had show up like they did,” Nancy said.
“Actually no I don't think Kathy could have done that even with a couple casting covens of witches, since she hates calling on a witch that has been bitten to help with spells, especially not me. Nancy I am still a witch and I'm the one that made everyones magic show for what it was,” I said.
“Only the White Rose could do that ma'am,” Nancy said.
“Ma'am? Mac is this your sister? She's almost as bad as you about not using my name,” I said.
“She sure is Sam. I knew she was still alive, but I had no idea how to find her. She said she found me because of all the news stories that showed both of us together,” he said.
“Well I can always use another sister. Nancy I hope you'll help keep Mac in line so my sister doesn't try turning him into a frog or something less frightening. Kathy's terrified of him,” I said.
“But I'm such a sweetheart. Gentle as can be,” Mac protested.
“I know you are Mac, but the fact you're a vampire and as big as a house kind of scares her since she knows you could break her in half without much thought about it,” I said.
We went in the house and Chris greeted Mac in the custom used by most of the special forces personnel we worked with when on the front.
“I'm glad Sam insisted on waiting until Kathy got here for us to leave, otherwise we might have missed you,” Chris said.
“I sure would have hated that sir,” Mac said.
“Have you met our girls yet?” Chris asked.
“No sir, I can't say I've had that privilege yet. I do remember how proud you were when they were born, and listening to Sam talk about them in her sleep I feel I already know them,” Mac said.
“I don't talk in my sleep Mac,” I protested.
“Yes ma'am, if you say so,” Mac said.
Kathy and Nicole came running in from outside hoping to give Chris and I one last hug before we left for wherever it was, he said we needed to go. Seeing Mac, Kathy ran over to him and jumped in his arms making him either catch her or let her hit the floor and get hurt.
Mac opted to catch her, and she threw her arms around his neck giving him a big hug and kiss on the cheek.
“Well it's a pleasure to meet you little flower girl. So do you have a name?” Mac asked.
“I'm Kathy and that's,” she pointed at Nicole, “my sister Nicole. You have to be uncle Mac. Mommy and daddy both talk about you a lot.”
“I see well they both talk about you a lot too,” Mac said.
She smiled really big and started wiggling to get down. Mac let her down and her and Nicole took off outside again forgetting to give Chris and I the hug they run in for.
“I guess we aren't important after all Sam. I thought they came in to give us a hug,” Chris said.
“We're here all the time it isn't everyday they get to see uncle Mac,” I said.
Mac gave both of us a look that said it wasn't his fault.
“Mac, you're welcome to stay Jenny and Christie aren't here yet, neither is mom and I expect all of them here before long. Chris has something he thinks is important we need to take care of and though Kathy says you're a gorilla I know she really does like and trust you and I know my little Kathy would be hurt if you don't go out and play with them. We shouldn't be more than a couple hours and the reception isn't for at least six hours,” I said.
“I'm not sure about Nancy, but I would love to get to know these kids. Besides, I do so enjoy tormenting Kathy with her phobia of vampires,” Mac said.
“She's getting past that phobia since her sister, brother-in-law, two of her nieces and even her daughter are all vampires,” I said.
“Her daughter's now a vampire? Now that will make for an interesting story. The leader of the White Rose coven having a daughter who happens to be a vampire,” Mac said.
“Kathy isn't the leader of the coven any longer. She turned it over to The White Rose this morning,” I said.
“I see so all those stories are true then?” Mac asked.
“No Mac, they're not true they are still just stories. A lot of the things in those stories won't happen, but that The White Rose is real. That part is true,” I said.
“I know it is Sam. I've known since special forces training that part was true,” Mac said.
“Only because I told you it was true,” I said.
We both laughed. After I became a vampire and realized magic was real so I could no longer deny it, all the memories that didn't seem right started coming back. Not only for me, but for everyone. The only memory that remained hidden was the memories of me as The White Rose.
Mac and Nancy went outside with everyone else and Chris and I headed for the door opening it just in time to let Jenny and Christie in and inform them everyone was out back.
Chris opened the car door for me then noticed my car was blocked in as was his. He looked over at his bike and we both smiled. The thought of showing up on the motorcycle to wherever it was he was taking me.
“You want me to get one of our cars out or do you want to get someone out here to move their car so we can get one of them out?” I asked.
“I'd rather not bother anyone else if you don't mind,” he said.
“I'm getting mine out then, I have a feeling we'll need the room,” I said.
“Whatever you think is best,” he said.
I saw my car sitting on the street and Chris opened the passenger door so I could slide in.
“You know, you are incredible the way you can do that without think about it,” he said.
“Practice dear. Lots and lots of practice. You need to start learning how to use elemental magic too, after all it is part of who you are now,” I said.
He headed out of town into the richer neighborhoods that weren't really part of town, but considered themselves part of the city. He came to what looked to be a side street that had been gated a short way in and started to slow down and I looked over at him.
“I take it this is where your folks live?” I asked.
“I grew up here. The closest neighbor is a mile away. We had chaffered limousines that took us to private schools. It was no secret we were the richest kids in the school, though we never had any money on us. Anything we wanted all we had to do is ask and it seemed everyone would bend over backward to see we got it,” he said.
“I guess for some people that might sound like the good life. I'll bet you never had any real friends though, until you joined the Army,” I said.
“Friends you buy aren't friends, and that was the only kind of friends I had until I joined the Army,” he said.
The gate started opening before he stopped fully so he drove in without stopping.
“It seems someone was watching for us,” he said.
Chapter 12
It was almost another mile to the house with all the twists and turns the drive made. In front of the house there was plenty of room to turn the car around and even do figure eights if we wanted.
Chris stopped in front of what had to have been the main entrance to the house and before he could get his door open there was someone opening my door and offering a hand to help me get out.
“She won't take your hand Reginald, so why don't you let mother and father know we're here, I imagine they are in the study?” Chris asked.
“Very well sir, he said he is only accepting this visit in hopes this one is better than the last one,” the man said.
“That will be all Reginald,” Chris said.
The man bowed and went in the house while Chris came over and gave me a hand getting out of the car.
“Is he always so friendly?” I asked.
“If I didn't know you meant that sarcastically. Reginald does a good job, but he isn't the friendliest of people. I have no doubt you'll win him over though,” Chris said.
“I doubt anyone could win him over. From the smell he should have died years ago,” I said.
“That bad?” Chris asked.
“Yeah, that bad. I haven't smelled blood that bad since Halloween, and tasting blood that smells that rank only takes one time of tasting it to know you never want to again,” I said.
“So the prodigal son comes home. You're not welcome here any longer Stevie boy. Why don't you just take you latest whore and leave,” Junior said.
“Be careful Junior or I just might let Sam have some fun with you,” Chris said.
“Oh. I'm scared now. See I'm just shaking in my boots, oh, that's right, I'm not wearing boots am I,” Junior said.
“Maybe you should be, the shit seems to be getting rather deep around here,” I said.
“Nobodies talking to you bitch. Why don't you teach your whore a few manners,” Junior said.
“Why don't you just mind your own business Junior, and I'll treat my wife the way a smart beautiful woman should be treated. Maybe if you'd learn how to treat a woman you could find one willing to put up with you rather than tying a steak around your neck just to get a dog to play with you,” Chris said.
I was guessing this was Martin Junior the way Chris was talking to him.
We entered the main house and Chris headed for a room off to our left. The place looked more like a museum then it did a home. There were statues on each side of the stairway leading to the second floor and paintings most of which I wouldn't have paid ten dollars for, though I knew the selling price was much higher.
“Steven is that you? We're in the study,” Evelyn called out.
That had to have been his mother who called out telling us they were in the study. We entered a room that looked well used lined with several book shelves full of books. I glanced at some of the titles and felt a shiver run up my back. If all the shelves in this room contained similar books I'd never borrow any of their books. All of them I could see the titles of dealt with religion and mostly the religion I had been born into and rejected several years ago.
“Mother, father, I want to introduce you to Samantha, my wife as of this morning. I trust you received the invitation we sent you,” Chris said.
There was no reason to ask since it was sitting on an end table next to the only other man in the room. A man who lacked the courtesy of standing to greet people who were supposed to be guests in their home.
“I'm sure it's around here somewhere. I'm just curious why you felt so inclined to send it knowing you're no longer considered part of this family,” Martin said.
“I wouldn't have, but since you're the one who rejected me, not me rejecting you, my wife thought it would only be appropriate we invite you to our wedding and reception tonight, if you aren't to busy of course,” Chris said.
“I'm sure your mother would love to attend, but I have other matters that require my attention. So this is your latest harlot? I have to say she is a lot easier on the eyes than that last one,” Martin said.
“You would dare judge me without knowing anything about me? Now I understand Chris' reluctance about sending you an invitation. You sir lack any kind of common courtesy. Your use of the English language is abhorrent, and I have no doubt you rely on others to do everything for you except perhaps wipe your arse after you shit,” I said.
“No actually I have someone to do that as well,” Martin said.
“I'm not surprised,” I said.
“It seems you lack manners as well young lady. In this house a woman is to speak only when being spoken to and I was not speaking to you,” Martin said.
My blood was starting to boil and I knew the marks on each side of my face where shining brighter with each passing breath.
“I can well see why you would set such rules looking at the books you have on these bookshelves. In everyone of those books a woman is less than human. Well sir in that you are right I am not a mortal woman. I am much more than you can begin to understand, and it is you who are beneath me, not me who is beneath you. Your money cannot buy the respect I command from men and women all better than you, even though they may have no money. You deny your children because to you your religion is of more import, if your god is true would he commend you for denying his creation? You make your wife a slave to your command when your own religious works say she is an equal. Judge me for how I am and you will find you do not even know yourself. Your end comes for the wrongs you commit against those you should honor, but instead condemn,” I said.
“You little trollop you would think to come into my home and think to make yourself my equal. Steven if this is the only kind of bitch you can find don't ever come back here again. Take this slut and get out,” Martin said finally getting to his feet.
“For your information father. My name is not Steven and hasn't been for ten years. What Sam said is all true and she didn't start with the name calling you and junior did. Also, for the record you might want to start checking your financial statements, because if my calculations are correct at the rate you're losing money you'll be stone cold broke in about three years,” Chris said.
“How the hell would you know what my financial statements say?” Martin asked.
“Because I know what your companies are and everyone of them are considered toxic at the present time. I could turn that around, but then again why should I? After all you know what's best don't you? You must since you think my choice of a strong woman who isn't shy about telling me the truth is a bad thing. There are so many things you don't know about Samantha and I, things I get the feeling you will never learn. Mother if you would like to attend our reception you are more than welcome to do so, but if you would, you need to say so now. I'm willing to let you ride with us back to the house and see you have transportation to the reception, but the only time I will ever come back here while that man is alive is to bring you back after if you so choose,” Chris said.
“Are you sure about that son? Are you sure the money is almost gone?” Evelyn asked.
I didn't expect to see what I was seeing happening. Evelyn seemed so timid, and now she looked like she was going to make a stand.
“I'm positive. I keep a close eye on the markets because I have a few dollars tied up in stocks and bonds. At first I watched what father was doing and using pencil and paper followed along. About six years ago all the investments the family money was in started going sour and it has been a steady decline since. I can only guess father let Junior take over the investments. By then I had started investing real money and followed a different plan and have become the biggest investor in the state all while the family companies went down hill,” Chris said.
“Is that true Martin? Have you been letting Junior handle my families money? That money is still mine Martin. It belongs to my family not yours and I expressly forbade you to allow Junior to take over how the investments were handled,” Evelyn said.
“He doesn't know what he's talking about. The money is fine and growing at a rate better than we could have thought possible,” Martin said.
“Chris? That is the name you use now? I wish to talk to Samantha, I hope you will keep this man busy while I do so. You have my permission to do whatever you feel necessary just keep him and Junior out of my way while I show your lovely wife my home,” Evelyn said.
“I would be delighted to mother,” Chris said.
I knew Martin Sr and Jr were going to try causing problems and asked to be excused for a moment, when I got back I had Mac with me, and asked him to give Chris a hand keeping both Martin's out of trouble.
“When ever you're ready Evelyn,” I said.
“That is one big man, wherever did you find him?” Evelyn asked.
“He was my second in command back when I was in the Air Force,” I said.
“Is that were you and Chris met?” she asked.
“Actually we met in town at one of the malls. About a week before Chris and Irene got married,” I said.
“I'm surprised he didn't call off that wedding so he could marry you instead,” she said.
“I wouldn't have married him if he had. Irene needed to be the mother of our daughters. It wasn't easy for either of us, but we both knew he needed to marry Irene before he could marry me,” I said.
“You sound so sure of yourself. I wish I felt so confident. I've wanted to ask you something since you first entered, you don't have to answer, but I kind of hope you will. I noticed both you and Chris, I'm not sure I will ever get use to calling him that, both of you have some kind of design on your faces. Would you mind telling me what they are, or mean?” Evelyn asked.
“Let me see your arm Evelyn, and I'll show you that you have one of the marks yourself. See here it is. I think you know what this one means, though I don't think you've thought about it for a long time,” I said.
“It's the White Rose coven, and you're right I haven't thought about it for a long time. It's never been visible like this before, that's why I don't understand,” she said.
“When she walks down the aisle to meet her intended and join The White Rose will be complete and all who are of the White Rose will be seen for their magic. The mark of the Rose showing in their skin like jewels flashing in the light,” I quoted from the stories.
“It's you. You're The White Rose,” Evelyn said.
“My husband and I are both vampire and witch. Our children are both vampire and witch. Yes Evelyn I am The White Rose, but I'm more than that, I'm also The White Lotus. The mark on your arm became visible when I stepped out to see Chris for the first time after putting on my wedding dress,” I said.
“I wish I would have been there. So you have become the mother of my two granddaughters?” she asked.
“We haven't heard from Irene for about six months. I haven't even got a clue what's happened to her, though Chris did say none of the vampires he knew would ever harm her,” I said.
“Can't you... I never go in that room. Martin keeps it locked,” she said.
I opened the door and Evelyn stepped closer looking in the room, but fearing to enter.
“We don't have to go in there Evelyn,” I said.
I knew what we were looking at in the room, and it sent chills up my spine. How could anyone subject a fellow human to such things.
“They torture women in here don't they?” she asked.
She didn't want an answer she already knew, but looked over at me anyway.
“We don't have to go in, it might be better if we don't,” I said.
“Is there any way of removing the taint from this room?” she asked.
I saw this room holding a big part in something later. How much later was anyones guess, only later.
“Evelyn I need to get back to my children, and I doubt Chris and Mac will refrain from violence much longer,” I said.
“I want to come with so I can be at your reception. Martin may have disowned our younger sons, but I haven't. They are my children and I don't think there is much they could do I wouldn't still love them for,” she said.
“I hope your love for them isn't dependent on anything they do. Love doesn't mean you approve of everything, it just means you acknowledge the heart strings that exist,” I said.
We headed back to the study. Chris was staring at his father daring him to continue whatever argument they had been having and Mac had Junior in a chair cowering afraid if he did or said anything Mac might break him in half.
“Mac stop bullying that poor creature, how many times do I have to talk to you about picking on those without enough sense to keep their mouths shut if they haven't got a clue what they're talking about?” I asked.
“I was just setting him straight on a few things Mistress,” Mac said.
“I understand that Mac, but he happens to be one of those creatures that can't seem to think beyond the erection in his pants, and we both know where that leads someone, don't we,” I said.
“Yes Mistress, I do believe we've seen where that leads more than a few times,” Mac said.
“Cheri, Evelyn has asked to leave here with us. I think it would be a good idea. I'll see Mac gets back to the house and meet you there, do you think perhaps we should put the car back in the parking place it was in?” I asked.
“That might not be a bad idea,” Chris said.
“Then if you'll wait for me out by the car, I have something here I need to tend to and will be right out,” I said.
I waited for Chris to take his mother out to the car before saying or doing anything, as soon as the door outside closed I turned back to the three men still in the room with me.
“A word of warning for you two. You can think what you like about me, but when it comes to my family it wouldn't be a good idea to cross me, I tend to get very protective and there aren't many who would have much if any chance against me when I am defending them. I know neither of you have a clue what The White Rose is, but let me say this, You shouldn't want to know either. As big as Mac is, and as terrified as you seem to be of him, he wouldn't dare cross The White Rose because of what it could cost to raise her anger. I can tell you now you have both raised her anger and are a single step from receiving the merits of having done so. Your god is nothing but mortal mans version of who The White Rose is. Beware that The Rose does not return here in her anger for I see nothing for those gathered but death and destruction,” I said.
Mac and I walked from the room leaving Chris' father and older brother cowering where they had been when I showed my real power before them.
As the front door closed we were all four of us standing around the car parked back in the driveway of our house across town.
Evelyn gasped when she realized we were no longer at the house she had known as home for so long. Chris and Mac just took what I had done in stride like they had both seen it hundreds of times before and for all I knew they had.
“How... I don't think I understand. How could we not be still... did someone cast a spell from here?” Evelyn asked.
“There isn't anyone here with the strength or control to have transported all of us and the car mother,” Chris said.
“Then how did we get here. The door of the house shut as Samantha and her friend walked out and now...” Evelyn stuttered.
“I had enough of that place Evelyn. You said you wished to join us so you could spend time with your grandchildren and attend our reception tonight. If you would rather return to your husband and oldest son...” I started to say.
“He's not my son, Chris and James are the only children I have. Martin Jr is from Martin's first wife a woman that made Irene seem a dream by comparison,” Evelyn said.
“I see so Chris didn't tell you that you only have one son then?” I asked.
“I'm not sure I understand. I gave birth to twin sons we named the older one Steven and the younger one James,” Evelyn said.
“No Evelyn you had one son and a daughter. You may have given them the names Steven and James, but the one you named Steven is now Christopher and the younger is Christine Michele,” I said.
“Christine... if I'd had a girl that's the name I wanted for her. I only ever told James that name after Martin Jr tried to convince Martin and I that James was dressing in womens clothing in secret. So if James really is Christine Then she isn't homosexual after all,” she said.
“Would it really matter Evelyn? Would she be any less your daughter if she is homosexual?” I asked.
“Of course not, but she's married to a man not a woman, isn't she?” Evelyn asked.
“I don't have any brothers Evelyn,” I said.
“Okay, but I don't see what that has to do with whether or not my daughter is homosexual or not,” she said,
“It's simple mother Christie is still married to the same person she was married to when father disowned her. All I have are sister-in-laws, I have no brother-in-laws,” Chris said.
“You mean... that means that young man she introduced to us is really a girl as well? She's your sister, Samantha?” she asked.
“My baby sister. I have three sisters two older and Jenny who you met already,” I said.
“This is all a lot to take in all at once,” she said.
“Take your time Evelyn, no one here is going to rush you, and we are all very understanding that there will be mistakes from time to time. As long as you're trying and are willing to accept us as we are there is very little we won't forgive,” I said.
We all headed out back with everyone else, and I noticed Liz and Debra were both over with their families.
“Sam is there any chance of talking to you? I've talked to Liz about this, but maybe you could be of more help,” Debra said.
“Debra I'm not going to try guessing what it is you want to talk about, if it's something private we can go in the house, but you'll have to tell me what it is either way,” I said.
She indicated she would rather talk in the house than out here were we would constantly be bothered by the children running around.
“Sam I think David is cheating on me and I don't know what to do,” Debra said.
“I don't know what to tell you to do Debra. I know you love him, I know he loves you. Why do you think he might be cheating on you?” I asked.
“I smelled perfume on him the other day. It wasn't the first time. He talks in his sleep sometimes too, and kept saying another womans name. I think it was Danielle or something like that,” she said.
“Are you willing to confront him and ask what's going on?” I asked.
“I'm scared to. I'm afraid he'll tell me he has a new girlfriend, that he doesn't find me attractive any longer,” she said.
“So you intend to let this go on until the day comes he leaves is that it?” I asked.
“You think I should confront him? What if he does have another girl he's seeing,” she said.
“Then you'll know and either ask him to leave, or at least ask what his intentions are. Debra if you really love him tell him what you fear and let him admit or deny it, either way he could lie about it and it's up to you to decide if what he's telling you is true or false. It's up to you whether you accept his explanation or not,” I said.
“Will you stay while I ask him? I know he would never lie to me in front of someone else, especially not you,” she said.
“Let's get him in here and find out shall we,” I said.
David was standing just outside the door so I asked him if he would mind coming in, Debra had something she wanted to ask him.
I settled in one of the chairs at the dinning table and just sat there. Before Debra said anything David said he thought he knew what it was she wanted, and wondered how much longer he'd be able to hide it from her.
“Debra I'm not cheating on you, at least not with a woman. I know I smelled like I had perfume on me, and I think I know how bad that looks. The perfume doesn't belong to another woman, actually it does, but... the perfume is mine. The other woman is someone helping me dress like a woman,” he said.
“You think you're a woman?” she asked.
“No, Debra, haven't you ever wondered why some of your dresses seemed stretched out in the past?” he asked.
“I never thought about it David,” she said.
“I've been so in love with you almost from the moment we first met. I thought if I could be your husband everything would change that I could finally be the man everyone expected me to be,” he said.
“You're all the man I ever wanted, David. I just want you to be yourself, I love you,” she said.
“What if to be myself I can't be the man you want?” he asked.
“I don't think I understand,” Debra said.
“I'm a woman inside. In my dreams my name is Danielle, and I'm a lesbian so in love with the woman of my dreams she's all I can think about. You Debra, you're the only woman I've ever dreamed about,” he said.
“So the perfume is yours?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said.
“How often do you dress up?” she asked.
“I was able to hide it for the first couple years of our marriage. I thought I had escaped, that I would never feel the need to dress up to show who I really am. I've been dressing every night I've told you I had to work over,” he said.
“I see. Is someone helping you with this?” she asked.
“One of the guys at work has a sister that he says is a dominatrix. At first it was just a bunch of us guys from work playing games when we were out of town. His sister lived where we were and asked for a volunteer to try something. She promised it wouldn't involve sex and whoever volunteered could stop at anytime. I didn't think about what it might be and since it didn't involve sex I volunteered. She said I needed to trust her or there wasn't much point in continuing, but promised if I would trust her she'd help me fulfill one of my oldest dreams. I still didn't know what it was she had in mind only that I trusted her to keep her word about there being no sex involved,” he said.
I knew the story, I had lived it, or at least part of it. I knew what it was like to just want to be who you know you are and also be terrified someone might find out.
“She handed me a package and said I could take it back to my room and when I changed into what was in the package to call and she would help me finish, if after that I didn't want to go any farther she would understand, but hoped I'd be willing to let the others see in case any of them might want to join me in letting her help them see the possibilities,” he continued.
“I didn't open the package until I got back to my room, and when I saw it I started crying. The dress was so beautiful I ran my hands over it wishing you were there wearing it and it was you I was running my hands over. I stripped down and since I'd always kept my legs shaved claiming it was for swimming I slid that dress over my head. The material was so soft and it felt so tight on my skin. There were a pair of panties in the package as well so I pulled them on as well. After getting the dress and panties on, I sat on the bed and started crying. This had to stop I was married to the woman of my dreams, and I just wanted to hold you and tell the person sitting there they could no longer be part of my life,” he said tears running down his cheeks.
“You made the call for her to come down and help?” Debra asked.
“I don't remember making the call, but I guess I did because shortly after having slid the panties up my legs she was there putting breast forms in the built in bra of the dress. She had a wig that matched my hair color perfectly and started fixing my makeup to soften the masculine lines. When she was done she handed me a mirror and asked if I was ready to let the others see the real me,” he said.
“You said yes and have been dressing as a woman ever since trying to find that feeling of rightness. I can tell you that unless you're willing to let those who love you most know the real you, you'll never find that rightness. David I have no idea if Debra will want to remain married to you if you become Danielle, but I do know your marriage won't last much longer hiding Danielle from her,” I said.
I hadn't meant to say anything, but found I needed to help them understand that as Danielle, or as David, he, or she, was still the same person.
“I want to meet Danielle, David. I can't make any promises, but if you won't let me meet Danielle I can't remain in the marriage. I don't know if becoming Danielle is something you feel you need to do all the time. If it is then it should be me you're honest enough with to tell first, me and our children,” Debra said.
“Let me make a suggestion here. I'm sure I have something here that will fit since I do have a few one size fits most. Those dresses do tend to be a little shorter in skirt length, but they aren't immodest by any stretch of the imagination. I also have a couple pairs of panties that don't quite fit me and have never been worn, Chris bought them for me not paying attention to the size. Let me go see what I can pull together, then David you can go in and change and I want Debra to assist you with makeup if she thinks you need any,” I said.
“Thank you Sam I like that idea that way we can both decide which we want around,” Debra said.
Debra looked at David as though she dared him to argue with her, or especially with me.
I stepped in my bed room and pulled out a couple dresses I knew would fit the Danielle I saw while he was telling Debra what was happening. The panties I had I knew would fit were the ones Chris had gotten me that were a full size to small and the bra was to small for me in everything but cup size. I laid it all on the bed and stepped out of the room telling David and Debra to go ahead and choose which ever dress they liked and if the choices were all of them I didn't mind, but to please wear them one at a time or they would be way to bulky to look good.
Debra took David's hand and led him in the bedroom telling him to start getting undressed because if he intended to continue their marriage it was going to be with full honesty including him being who he was, not who he thought he had to be. She loved the person not the sex, though she did say something about how great the sex had always been until recently.
I rejoined everyone outside. I didn't feel like joining in the festivities wanting only to spend some time with my husband and children, but knew this day was more for everyone else than for our little family.
The girls seemed to enjoy having all their cousins over. I knew Kathy loved spending time with Kelli and knew Kelli loved spending time with Kathy as well.
“You seem a little out of it Sam,” Brent said.
“You startled me Brent. I just have a lot on my mind right now. If what your wife said is true, and I've never know her to lie, and what happened on that little trip Chris took me on, I see a lot of blood being spilled that doesn't need to be spilled,” I said.
“Then I hope it isn't true. Kathy told me some of the stories about someone called the White Rose and said those stories were about you. You know she has told me about magic for years and until recently I thought it was just some kind of science that I couldn't understand. Then she said Kelli's a vampire and she blamed Kathy saying you promised her something like this couldn't happen. I don't mean to sound skeptical but vampires aren't real are they?” Brent asked.
“Not the way they're depicted in the movies, no. There are some vampires who kill just for the pleasure it gives them, but vampires aren't really all that different from anyone else. We love, we hate, we get cold and hot. We aren't afraid of sunlight nor does garlic bother us or my little family would be in big trouble since we do eat a lot of garlic. To answer your question though about whether or not vampires are real the answer is yes they are,” I said.
“So you're a vampire?” he asked.
“Yes I am Brent. Would you care to see my fangs?” I asked.
“If you wouldn't mind. You aren't going to bite me are you?” he said.
“I wasn't planning on it, besides I'd hate to get Kelli mad at me,” I said.
I let my fangs extend so he could see them. His eyes got wide as he realized just how sharp they must be.
“Why would Kelli get mad at you other than being afraid you might kill me?” he asked.
“Brent, as long as you treat my sister and niece and nephew the way you have, or even better you have nothing to fear from me. As for why Kelli might get mad if I bit you, you will have to ask her, or her mother, it isn't my place to intrude on their ground,” I said.
“So this witchcraft that Kathy talks about is all true as well?” he asked.
“Afraid so. Did she tell you what she gave me for a wedding present this morning?” I asked.
“Something about she's stepping aside as coven leader and naming you as her successor,” he said.
“And I'm sure she told you why,” I said.
“She said when it comes to magic she doesn't have any compared to you,” he said.
“That sounds like something she would say. She was so proud the day she finished her training as a witch. They said she was the most powerful witch in a thousand years, that no one could do the kinds of magic she can. Then I came along and she at times feels like a beginner because I can do alone what she still can't do even with a full casting coven, of fifteen of the most powerful witches she knows,” I said.
“She said you have trouble with the little things though,” he said.
“I do have trouble with the little things, and I haven't got a clue why. The big things are easy for me, but the little things that witches learn first baffle me,” I said.
He sat down by me not saying anything else, I kind of expected him to start offering solutions, but he didn't, he had been willing to just sit there and listen. Now I understood why Kathy loved this man so much, if this was how he was with her. I found Chris was willing to listen, but he was always trying to find solutions while he listened.
“Do you think some of the witches will try challenging you as the head of the coven?” Brent asked.
“Probably. I'm not worried about that as much as something else that happened today. What did you think of the power The White Rose had in those stories?” I asked.
“Do you really have that much power Sam?” he asked.
“I don't know, I'm not really familiar with the stories. Mac told me the vampire versions he remembered from when he was growing up, and the witches versions I've avoided if at all possible,” I said.
“I imagine if everything follows the way it does in those stories it could be rather disconcerting,” he said.
“I don't know, from what I know of the stories I just can't see the parallel that everyone else seems to see. Maybe if I knew all the stories, I could see it, but I'm not going to let a bunch of stories that are thousands of years old dictate how I live my life,” I said.
He nodded his head, and I wondered if he thought that was a good thing, or a bad thing. If my life unfolded as told by those stories it did so because of choices I made not because some old story said that was how it would unfold. I still believed in free agency, that a person determined their own fate by the choices they made. If the stories did tell of the unfolding of my life as my life happened it did so because whoever first told those stories knew I would never go against my own nature, a nature that sought, not necessarily, what was easiest, but what was best for the most people.
I sat there watching and wondering just when I would finally be free to just be myself. I thought freedom would come when I finally got to be Samantha, but that hadn't proven to be the case I still had to many people expecting me to be something I didn't know how to be. Then when Chris saved my life with the blood of life I again thought I would finally be able to just be who I wanted to be, only to find out even more people expected me to be something out of story books.
Here it was my wedding day, the day that is supposed to be the happiest day of my life and all I could do is wonder when the next catastrophe was going to strike, and how many people I was going to have to kill to prevent the world from collapsing in on itself. I didn't want to be someone the world depended on to save it, but there didn't seem to be anyone else.
Again I was back in the war saving the lives of Colonels and Generals that all thought they knew best, and didn't want to admit, a lowly Captain, such as myself could know more about war and battle tactics than they did. The numbers of lives that had hung in the balance of me and my men knowing how to do the impossible time and again under some of the harshest circumstances possible.
I made the choice of joining the Air Force. I made the choice of accepting OCS, and again I made the choice of accepting special forces. Each of those choices seemed so innocent at the time. Anyone of them if made differently would have changed the events of where I was today. And looking back on each of those events I wouldn't have changed anything about the choices I made. Those choices were the right choices both then, and now.
Chapter 13
“Chris I know it's still early but is there any chance of going to the club and getting ready for tonight. Sitting here is driving me crazy,” I said.
“How about if I take you out to dinner first?” he asked.
“That'll be fine, just as long as it gets me away from the thoughts I'm having,” I said.
“Would you like to talk about it?” he asked.
“Not really,” I said.
Debra and Danielle came out of the bedroom with Debra wearing one of the dresses I laid out and Danielle wearing the other. They both looked totally different then they had when they went in the bedroom, but in a good, more seductive way.
“Sam, how can I ever thank you for everything you've done for us?” Debra asked.
“By being yourself Debra, and by allowing others to be themselves. Danielle looks stunning, you'll have your hands full keeping the men away from her,” I said.
“No I won't. We talked about it the whole time we were in there. We're both heterosexual women, and now thanks to you Danielle really is a woman. I'm not mad at her, in fact I do still love her, but now I love her as a sister,” Debra said.
“What about Casie?” I asked.
“She's agreed that Casie belongs with me. And has agreed to continue supporting Casie and I if she can keep her job at least until I can find work that will support Casie and I, or I find a man that's willing to take over the support of Casie and I,” she said.
“And if she loses her job?” I asked.
“We'll cross that bridge when we get to it,” she said.
“If you need anything, you let me know. I'm here for both of you,” I said.
“You look great Debra. Can I ask who your friend is?” Chris asked.
“Chris I want you to meet my sister Danielle. I think you knew her better as David though,” Debra said.
“Really I never would have guessed. Be careful, you know my men come around here quite a bit and most of them are single and always looking for a gorgeous little witch to play games with,” Chris teased.
“I know most of your men Chris, but that big vampire out there is someone more what I'm looking for, I think,” Debra said.
“Maybe we should warn Mac that there's a witch looking to sink her claws in him,” Chris said.
“Don't you dare Christopher. I've been hoping someone would snag him for years. When he introduced his sister to me I kind of hoped maybe she was the one to have snagged him,” I said.
“So it's going to be each man for himself then?” Chris asked.
“Where Mac is concerned I can't wait for the day some woman gets him to settle down, and if it just happens to be one of my favorite people so much the better,” I said.
“I take it you guys are ducking out already?” Kathy asked.
“We need some time alone. If anyone asks tell them we went for a bike ride and if we don't make it back before time to head to the club we'll see them there,” I said.
I wasn't really hungry, but I knew Chris was so didn't complain about him stopping to get something to eat. He said he didn't really want anything fancy and asked if I had any preference. I was lost in my own thoughts of how so many who should care didn't, and so many who did care I didn't know. The White Rose was what mattered to me, not just the coven, or the clan, but all the White Rose. Something was happening and I didn't know what I could do about it, even the little part that I knew of seemed out of my control and if I real was The White Rose shouldn't I be able to control all of it.
The bike stopped and Chris was holding out his hand for me. I had no idea where we were, but it wasn't the club where the reception was supposed to be.
“What's wrong Sam?” Chris asked.
Wrong? Was something wrong? This was suppose to have been the happiest day of my life, but everything seemed to be falling apart. There was plenty wrong, but I didn't have any idea where, or how, to share what was wrong with anyone.
“Nothing is wrong Chris, it's more everything feels just a little out of sync,” I said.
“I'm here if you want to talk. I'm not sure I can help get things back in sync for you, but I'm willing to at least listen,” he offered.
“The money... your families money, I guess is a better way of saying it. Did it really come from your mother?” I asked.
“My mom's parents died in a car accident before Christie and I were born. Mother being an only child was their sole heir. They had close to five million dollars in assets that all went to her with the stipulation that her step son was never to get any of that money. Father offered to invest the money and anything over that five million could be divided between all of fathers children. But the five million could only be given to mothers' heirs with fathers oldest son getting none of it,” he said. “So the answer is yes.”
“How much of the five million is left?” I asked.
“None of it, I guess that's not exactly true. Counting the house and everything in the house there's about three million dollars in assets left. When father had that house built he had more than doubled the original five million dollars and said he put that money where it would be safe so they would always have it to fall back on if anything should happen. Last week I got a financial statement on my parents estate that said they had nothing of the five million and the total family assets were around three million. Calculating the rate of lose that three million won't last another three years,” he said.
“Is there any chance that five million is hidden away somewhere safe?” I asked.
“I don't think so why?” he asked.
“And you're sure your brother has taken over the investments?” I asked.
“I'm not sure about much of anything, but my sources say he has,” he said.
“How long would it take to turn things around?” I asked.
“If the market holds steady and I could have free access of the money, about two years and I could have it back to ten million. Sam why the interest in my parents finances?” he asked.
“Your mother deserves better than what she's had. Christie deserves better than she has. I'm asking because I think you'll have the chance to take over those finances in the next day or two,” I said.
“What are you planning Sam?” he asked.
“I'm planning on surviving long enough to have the life I've always dreamed of, and it seems there are a lot of people out there that don't want to allow me to have a life dedicate to my family. The White Rose is in trouble. It's being torn apart internally, and I think I'm the only one that can change that,” I said.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” he asked.
“Learn to use your birthright. Become the vampire witch you're capable of being. Show that men can wield the power of the elements safely,” I said.
I didn't know if he would understand that witchcraft was as much his heritage as it was mine. We had both been born witches, and all he had to do is learn to control the magic he wasn't even aware he had. He took my hands setting on the table and we were in the hall where the magic resided just waiting to be tapped. I didn't try taking him to the source where I accessed the power since I knew he could never handle the kind of power that had been mine from the day I was born.
I found the door that was his access to the source and asked him to open it. He looked at me strangely and said he couldn't.
“Chris you're the only one who can open this door,” I said.
“What's in there Sam? Why is it so important that I go in there?” he asked.
“Chris I can't give you access to the source were I get it from, it wouldn't be safe. Inside that room are two doors one allows the source of the blood magic to flow into the room awaiting your use. The other door in that room leads to the source for the elemental magic. A magic you have steadfastly denied having access to,” I said.
“I have no elemental magic, we've been over that time and again,” he said.
“Yes you do, but like most men you refuse to believe in yourself and what you can do, if you open yourself to the possibilities,” I said.
He opened the door and saw that there were two doors one standing fully open and one mostly closed. While I could partially enter the doorway it wasn't a good idea for me to enter the room with him. My presence in the room I had found working with others, tended to create problems that were easily avoided by me simply waiting in the doorway.
“So you're saying that behind this door is the kind of magic I keep saying I don't have?” he asked.
“Open the door and find out Chris. I can't come in there without causing major problems with both magics. I'm not saying that opening that door will ever give you great magical abilities, but it will give you access to understand what our sisters and our mothers can do,” I said.
He pulled on the door and it opened slowly allowing elemental magic to flow into the room with him, as the magic flowed I saw him close his eyes and a welcoming smile come on his face as though someone saying hello to a long lost lover.
“This is elemental magic?” he asked.
“You remember its feel now don't you? It was always there for you before you were bitten, but until I came along to find a way of using elemental and blood magic together it wasn't compatible with the blood magic that became your nature after you were bitten so the door was closed to keep you from hurting either yourself or someone else,” I said.
“You already felt the blood magic before you were bitten. The magic taught you its secrets didn't it?” he asked.
“Chris until Irene left and I became female fulltime I had never been trained to use magic, even after that I refused to let Kathy try teaching me refusing to believe magic was real. It took me becoming a vampire to accept that magic was real, and I did have access to it, yet how many times had you witnessed me use my birthright over the years?” I asked.
He released the door and it started to close I just stood there waiting to see if he like the others I had worked with since Kelli would even try finding a way of propping the door open.
He caught the door before it closed very far and pulled it open even farther, as though hoping if he opened it far enough it would catch on something he couldn't see and stay open. Each time he would release the door it would again start to close.
“Why won't it stay open like the other door?” he asked.
“Because unlike the other door it is no longer you nature. I know you're familiar with the feel of the magic I saw that when it started to engulf you, but it's no longer your nature. For some reason the door of the blood magic was torn off and that part of your nature can never again be sealed away other than by locking away all access to magic from you. To maintain access to the elemental magic however you need to find a way of keeping that door open, something I won't do for you,” I said.
I felt him reach out to both magics to find a way hoping the magic itself would respond to his request and made a temporary wedge to hold the door until he was able to learn enough to make a more permanent way of holding the door open. I heard the magic telling me he would one day tear this door from its hinges just as he had done with the blood magic. But, until he learned enough to handle both magics safely the door would remain restricting the magic he had access to.
One day my husband would have magic almost as great as the magic I had access to all the time from the time I was born, but for now it was important he be able to be limited in that access.
Chris had eaten everything on his plate even wiping the plate clean with a slice of bread, while I hardly touched anything on the plate that had been set in front of me.
“You aren't going to eat that are you?” he asked.
I looked up at him and felt a tear hit my cheek, and just shook my head.
He didn't ask for a doggy bag, as seemed normally to be the case, when we went out to eat. Instead, leaving enough to cover the bill plus a rather large tip and held out his hand to assist me in standing.
He didn't try rushing me out to the motorcycle to head for the club, we still had at least two hours before we needed to be there to get ready for the reception and he seemed to understand there was something I wasn't able to talk about still bothering me.
We did a little window shopping as we walked along the strip mall looking in the different stores windows at their displays. We came to one of the sex shops in town and I wanted to vomit thinking of some of the things they carried inside, but turned in the door anyway.
They had a BDSM section and I started crying thinking of the room Evelyn finally realized her husband and stepson set up in her home. How many of my Roses had suffered at the hands of those monsters, simply because they refused to accept their beliefs. How many of my Roses had been turned over to the torture they had been subjected to by the people who were suppose to have loved them.
Before I even realized I had done anything the entire section exploded, everything on the shelves being torn to shreds the displays turned to dust. I felt the power raging at my will to destroy those horrid devises of torture.
The clerk watched as that entire section of the store was destroyed and said nothing, until we turned and started back out.
“I've seen a lot of witches and vampire get enraged over that stuff, but never seen one who could so easily destroy the entire section with just a thought like that,” the clerk said.
I turned the magic still blazing through me seeking out corruption to take out its rage on.
“Excuse me Mistress I meant no ill will. I only meant that had I been able I would have done that long ago,” the clerk said.
“Tell your boss that should those things ever enter into this city again it will be more than the material things that are torn apart like that. The things that are left I have no problem with, but there is never reason to promote mans inhumanity to man.”
“I will do as you say Mistress. I am ever your servant,” the clerk said.
The motorcycle was parked outside the door to the shop and Chris gave me a look that said he knew I was capable of something like he just witnessed, but never expected to witness it in that manner.
Chris unlocked the helmets from the bike handing me the one I had worn ever since he'd first taken me for a ride on the bike.
“That was quite a show you put on back there,” he said.
“Did your mother tell you of the room your father and brother setup in her home?” I asked.
“No she didn't,” he said.
“She is likely still coming to terms with it. They have set up a room of torture that is well used. Many of my Roses have been taken there betrayed by those they loved, and tortured because they would not deny me and swear oath to a false god. The blood of many of the people of the Rose cover their hands for nothing more than the money they can get,” I said.
He started the bike and put it in gear popping the clutch almost dumping me off the back of the bike.
“Let my anger be enough for now Chris. The time comes when they will answer for the crimes against the Rose they have committed,” I said.
He powered back and started paying a little more attention to what he was doing and less to the rage that was burning through him.
We arrived at the club and he handed me the gold clusters of a Major in the Air Force. I looked at them and set them down not giving them a second thought.
“Jason will be disappointed if you're wearing Captains bars rather than those,” he said.
“But not disappointed enough to have insured I saw the actual orders conferring those instead of the Captains bars. If he says anything about it I'll simply tell him the truth, that until I get a copy of the orders I won't wear those clusters. Besides, I'm still inactive to the best of my knowledge, at least I haven't seen any orders calling me back to active duty,” I said.
“I've seen the orders Sam,” Chris said.
“Maybe you have, but I haven't and until I have a copy of the orders in my hand they mean nothing to me. Chris it has nothing to do with me believing you, it has everything to do with me believing the government. How many times have they promised you a promotion and not come through?” I asked.
“They still do, I guess I'm as skeptical as you are about the promises the military makes. I did think it might be because you didn't trust me, but I do see your point. Without a copy of the orders if you were to wear Major clusters and they decided to rescind the order you would be in violation of impersonating a senior officer,” he said.
I took out my dress uniform and started going over the different medals I had displayed and since I brought all the medals that were important, at least important to me, in when I brought in my uniform I made a few changes. I pinned on my purple heart and Presidential medal of honor and set the uniform aside wondering if it was really such a good idea that Chris and I either of us wear our dress uniforms.
How well would my blue uniform go with his green uniform? The contrast was striking like the midnight sky meeting the noon time forest.
I was a creature of the night so my dress blues were appropriate, but was Chris enough a creature of the forest to have his dress greens work as well. Time would tell and it was getting close to time we needed to get dressed.
Erica came in and asked if there was anything she could get either of us. The thought of the impending danger still lingered heavily and getting drunk sounded like a good idea if it would help ease the feeling even for just a little while.
“Could you get me a tall whiskey on ice. A sixteen ounce glass at least three quarters full of good Irish whiskey?” I asked.
“And you sir?” Erica asked Chris.
“That sounds good to me too, Erica,” Chris said.
Chris gave me a look that said he fully understood and agreed that the idea of getting falling down drunk sounded like the best thing anyone suggested all day.
Erica came back carrying two glasses filled with ice and a full bottle of the best Irish whiskey the club had.
I poured a glass of whiskey and placed it to my lip and felt the comforting burn of it sliding over my tongue and down my throat. The alcohol did ease the feeling though only slightly. I set the glass down and noticed it was empty of all but the ice, and filled it again, not picking it up this time instead walking back over to my uniform and started changing, every so often looking back over at the full glass of whiskey sitting there.
It would be so easy to down that second glass and possibly even a third hoping beyond hope that it would kill the feeling nagging at the pit of my stomach.
I pulled on my skirt and hated that it came down to my knees and wove a tiny amount of magic into it making it just fit regulation which was about two inches above my knee. The blouse looked to be a heavy material that wouldn't breath well and as it slid over my body it changed becoming the finest silk material possible.
I walked back over to where the glass of whiskey sat and picked it up swallowing it, the same as I had the first one. Again I filled the glass and set it down, not at all sure I would come back and drink it this time.
I looked at the regulation shoes and felt the pain in my feet with just the thought of standing in them that long. I looked at the boots I had been wearing, the thought of how they encased my feet without pinching and slid them back on figuring if someone had a problem with me wearing them it was their problem not mine. This was my day and I wasn't going to suffer wearing those shoes, that even the thought of, hurt my feet.
I looked at the glass I had sitting next to the now almost empty bottle of whiskey and picked up my service beret setting it on my head making a mess out of my hair.
“That whiskey does seem to have eased some of the tension you were showing, but not by much. Maybe you should drink that glass you have sitting there,” Chris said.
“You just want to see me get drunk, so you feel safe making fun of me,” I said.
“The thought of making fun of you never crossed my mind. Besides, you're already more drunk than I've ever seen you before,” he said.
I stuck my tongue out and picked up the glass of whiskey walking back over and plopping down in the chair by where I changed clothes.
“I'll let Erica know she can come in and fix your hair and makeup,” he said.
Chris left shutting the door gently and a few moments later Erica was standing there looking at my makeup trying to decide what if anything was wrong with it.
She took my beret and set it on the desk and started pulling my hair out of the bun it had been in all day.
“I think it would look better down rather than up now Mistress,” she said.
“Why do you call me Mistress Erica? I'm no better than anyone else,” I said.
“You're the White Rose. All those who will be here tonight could not begin to equal you in the magic, and your cunningness as a warrior is known to all who work here. I only say it out of respect,” she said.
“It's because of my magic alcohol doesn't really affect me very much isn't it?” I asked.
“Mistress, I don't know that much about why alcohol doesn't seem to affect you any more than it does Chris. I'm only a witch and really don't know all that much about the blood magic,” she said.
“Do you remember what happened the night of the Halloween party after you helped me into my costume?” I asked.
“I know you tasted my blood and I was a little tired the remainder of the night. Mistress you are always welcome to feed from me if you feel the need. My life is yours and I understand that witches no longer lose their magic if they become a vampire, thanks to you,” she said.
“Erica I hope you are never bitten, and become a vampire. I hope the only way you will ever consent to such a thing is to save your life if it's the only way,” I said.
“You don't like being a vampire?” she asked.
“It was necessary to save my life, it's not something I would have chosen otherwise. Before I was bitten I didn't believe in any magic, now I command magic few can even begin to imagine, and still I would not have consented for any reason other than to save my life,” I said.
“You are different from the others who have regained their abilities as witches. All of them I have talked to say they love the magic they have now, they say they feel more alive,” she said.
She finished fixing my hair and set my beret on my head at just the proper angle without disturbing my hair. I had so hoped that drinking as much whiskey as I had, would have helped me past the feeling of dread I had, but if anything it only made things worse. The feeling was stronger than ever, and now I felt a little lightheaded as well.
I tried to stand up and fell back in the chair and almost on the floor.
Erica helped me get to my feet without making any kind of fuss, or even telling me how foolish I had been to have had so much whiskey. I was sure she didn't know how little I had to eat all day, maybe if she did she wouldn't have brought me so much to drink.
I stepped out of the office and Erica stayed in easy reach in case I again became uncoordinated and started tripping over my own feet.
Chapter 14
The effects of the alcohol wore off as soon as I stepped down the first step. Tonight was going to bring more change than I cared to think about and it was going to start as soon as the reception did. All thirteen men, still living, that had been part of White Rose showed up for my wedding earlier, and were supposed to be at the reception as well. I hoped they understood they had been invited to the actual wedding because to me they were family, but they weren't the ones who would affect the change, at least not initially.
There were some among the witches that thought it might be a good idea to challenge me, even though several of their sisters who had been bitten again had the use of their heritage. The last thing I wanted was trouble from the witches tonight and that was something I could do something about.
“Mistress what will happen to those who would challenge you?” Erica asked.
“I'll close the door on their magic. Erica, The White Rose has to be joined together as a people, or we won't last long as a race. Through me magic is complete so that each person again has their heritage if they wish it. Unlike anyone else I've met, my magic isn't limited. From my birth I have been exposed to the source unfiltered. Even Kathy does not have that kind of access to the source of magic,” I said.
“I want you to know I stand with you Mistress. I know without doubt you are the one spoken of in the stories,” Erica said.
The challenge shouldn't come as long as there are any who are not of the magical races present, but if those wishing to challenge me had access to their magic the challenge would come at a time of their choosing and to hell with keeping our world hidden from the mortals. Sure it would be possible to change the memories of all who are not of our world, but that kind of magic came with a cost few understood.
Since I knew of the way all but me accessed their magic, perhaps it would be possible to prevent them from accessing their magic as long as they were at the reception. I reached out and found a door between the hallways of access and the source. I wasn't sure if I would be able to key the door to those I knew were my allies, but I did know I could in effect close that door so none but me could access the magic, in effect cutting off any chance of a challenge before it even started.
I set the magic in place knowing Kathy wouldn't be happy about it once she discovered its nature.
The family had already started arriving with Jenny and Christie being the first to come in. I wanted to keep an eye out for Kathy since I knew she was likely to be the first to feel the effects of the magic.
Sarah, Scott, mom and Jim were next to enter followed by Kathy and Brent with all the kids. Kathy looked around and even stepped back outside to be sure of what she felt.
When she came back in she gave me a look that I knew had she been able would have killed.
“Just what the hell have you done Samantha?” Kathy asked.
“What I had to do to keep a bad situation from getting worse,” I said.
“So while here no one can access their magic but you, is that it?” she asked.
“Kathy if I knew of a way to let only those I trust have access to their magic while cutting everyone else you wouldn't even know I had done anything until some of the other witches said something to you,” I said.
“You're afraid of the challenge?” she asked.
“Afraid of it, no, not at all. Afraid of how it might come yes. There will be more than a few mortals here tonight and I have no doubt the challenge would have come while they are still here. I won't risk exposing our world to mortals who are blissfully ignorant of our existence,” I said.
“And this is your way of insuring they stay blissfully ignorant?” she asked.
“This spell doesn't affect only witches, it affects everyone who has magic, except me, and believe me if I could have included myself in the spell I would have,” I said.
“To put everyone on equal footing?” she asked.
“More or less, yes. I have no idea who any of these witches are who intend to challenge me, but only those who make it clear will have their magic shut off from them once they leave here. I'm hoping that this spell will show just how foolish trying to challenge me is. I would like you to gather some of the witches you trust, preferably of rank in the coven and devise a way for those who thought to challenge me to work their way back into good graces in the coven. I feel there is only one who will walk out that door tonight no longer a member of the White Rose coven, with almost no chance of working their way back,” I said.
“This challenge isn't what's been bothering you all day is it?” she asked.
“Did Evelyn come with you or with someone else?” I asked.
“She came with Jenny and Christie, but I don't think she's come in yet,” Kathy said.
“If you see her before I get a chance to talk to her will you send her in my direction?” I asked.
“That's what's bothering you isn't it? What you and her discovered at her home?” Kathy asked.
“I have a really bad feeling Kathy, I don't have any idea why, I just do, and no this challenge is more just a blip compared to what I feel is coming,” I said.
“Then let me tell you Evelyn is now a vampire. Kathy and Kelli worked together in creating her, and mom offered to let her feed to complete the transformation. Before you get angry Evelyn knew what she was doing, and mom, Sarah, Jenny and I all agreed it was the right thing to do,” Kathy said.
“Wasn't it bad enough my daughter turned yours into a vampire? Now you're encouraging her to turn her own grandmother into a vampire as well? How could you Kathy? You talk about me being irresponsible and you not only don't discourage my daughter from biting you encourage her to bite,” I said.
“Your father-in-law and stepbrother-in-law came to the house after you and Chris left. I don't know how they did it, but none of my magic worked on him, and our girls are still to young to deal with full grown men. Sam I thought of asking them to turn me, we were that desperate,” she said.
“Now I know what this feeling in the pit of my stomach is all about. They wanted to know who sealed that room and without a full grown vampire... I wish you would have called me to deal with the situation,” I said.
“I tried, I really did try. The only thing I can figure is they had a casting coven working at blocking me. It was almost as bad as walking in here to find as long as I'm in here I have no power,” she said.
“I'm sorry about that Kathy, but I don't know of another way to avoid a bad situation, that's avoidable,” I said.
I didn't have time to deal with my father-in-law at the moment, but as soon as I could get away I did intend to stop him completely those two men were the biggest threat to the Rose and until I removed the threat against the Rose the Lotus would have to wait.
I spotted Evelyn finally come in and headed in her direction, getting stopped by Sarah.
“Something is wrong Sam, and nobody seem to know why, I was hoping maybe you could tell me,” Sarah said.
“Nothing is wrong Sarah. If you step outside the feeling of wrongness will go away,” I said.
“What's causing it then?” she asked.
“Magic is restricted from everyone but me for the time being, when the threat of the challenge is over I'll let everyone have access to their magic back, but until then no one other than me will have access to magic,” I said.
“Even the vampire magic?” she asked.
“Even the blood magic of the vampires. Sarah I need to go talk to my mother-in-law, unless you have something else you feel needs to be discussed,” I said.
“It's about her being a vampire now isn't it?” she asked.
“No it's about what she wants done about her husband and stepson. If you'll excuse me please,” I said.
I finished the trek over to where Evelyn had been and she wasn't there. I needed to talk to her and find out just how much she cared for the two men that had turned her home into a house of horrors. To deal with what I knew was coming later I needed to know if she cared if they lived or died, and hoped she would rather they die then live.
“Are you looking for me Sam?” Evelyn asked.
“You're a hard woman to track down Evelyn. I need to talk to you about your husband and stepson,” I said.
“Once I was a vampire Mac and I were able to make them leave, but something even Kathy didn't understand was protecting them from anything but our bite, and the smell was so bad neither of us wanted any part of that,” Evelyn said.
“I need to know whether you care if they live or die,” I said.
“Sam they are worse than dead already. Like I said something kept Mac and I from being able to kill them with anything less than our bite, and neither of us wanted the taste of their filth in our mouths,” she said.
“Killing them would be the kinder punishment, I'm leaving the choice to you. If you still have any feelings for them please say so now,” I said.
“They deserve the worst Sam and any feelings I had for Martin disappeared when we came upon that room in my home. If death would be the kinder option then I would rather they neither of them die,” she said.
“That's all I needed to know. I wish there could have been another way besides you becoming a vampire,” I said.
“Don't you dare feel sorry for me Samantha. It was me or Katherine and I knew how much she hated the idea,” Evelyn said.
“Why did you choose to have Kathy and Kelli help you become a vampire?” I asked.
“Because Mac was busy keeping Martin at bay, so not able to help in that matter. I would have rather let them take me than cause you and Christopher the pain of knowing what your daughter helped do to their grandmother, but I felt certain it would be less painful than if those two men had been able to do what they planned, because they intended to take your daughters as well as me,” Evelyn said.
The deepest hell wouldn't be deep enough for those two men in my opinion now. It was one thing for them to threaten Evelyn, but to threaten to take my daughters made them the most hated people by me. No one threatened my daughters without reprisal and there was no one who could block my magic even if they worked with others. I had never drawn on the full power of the magic, and I wasn't sure it would be wise for me to ever do so, but even if it killed me I would take the chance to protect what was mine to protect.
Evelyn looked totally surprised by something and I had no idea what.
“What's wrong Evelyn?” I asked.
“I hope you never get that look where I'm concerned, but then I would never do anything to threaten your children,” she said.
I gave her a puzzled look not having a clue what she was talking about.
“Samantha there was a fire in your eyes that said anyone that threatened those beautiful little girls of yours would burn in a hell worse than any that religion could make up. I'm wondering now if maybe I shouldn't have a little compassion in my heart for Martin and Junior,” she said.
“The way you said that makes it sound like there is no compassion in your heart for them,” I said.
“None at all Samantha, none at all,” she said.
Everyone who was going to be in the reception line was finally there and we started getting everyone lined up with me on the far end of the line.
Mac offered to greet everyone at the door when we were ready and I smacked him wishing he would stand next to me on the opposite side from Chris. Kathy said she would appreciate him acting as a greeter and gave me a look that said if I didn't like the idea that was just to bad, she was running this and it was going to go her way, or she would call the whole thing off.
I went and found my place in line rather than arguing about something I couldn't win even using my magic.
“I've never seen her back down like that from anyone before,” Mac said.
“She knows when she's fighting a losing battle and she agreed to allow me to make the decisions about this reception. Tell me something Mac, can you access your magic since you've arrived here?” Kathy asked.
“Can you Kathy? I tried a couple times, but know if I can't there is a good reason for it, and when the reason is passed, I'll again be able to since all I have to do is walk out that door to do so,” Mac said.
“You trust my sister that much?” Kathy asked.
“I've trusted Sam with my life a hundred times over and she never once let me down. If Sam has blocked access to magic there is a reason, and I trust her to return the magic when whatever the reason for it has passed. If she doesn't I would still trust her with my life,” Mac said.
“You really aren't the monster I saw you as when we first met. I hope you haven't taken any offense about me calling you a gorilla,” Kathy said.
“Why would I take offense. Most gorillas are better people, than a lot of people I've met,” Mac said.
General Talbot was the first one through the door with his wife whom I had never met. As they entered I saw both of them look around with a surprised look on their faces.
He took a few minutes greeting everyone almost getting on his knees when he got to each of the children so he was at eye lever with them.
“Your daddies boss aren't you?” Kathy asked.
“I guess in a way I am. I'm who he reports to about certain things,” Jason said.
“You want mommy to do those things again too,” Kathy said matter of fact.
“You don't think your mommy misses doing things like that?” Jason asked.
“Mommy love us, but does miss uncle Mac and the others,” Kathy said.
“But you don't think she misses the kind of work she would be doing if she comes back?” Jason asked.
“I love mommy very much,” Kathy said.
He realized he wasn't going to get an answer from Kathy, or Nicole about whether or not they thought I missed the black ops work I'd be doing if I accepted the offer to return, so moved on to Chris.
“Margret I want you to meet the best two commanders I have ever had the privilege of serving with. Major Christopher Jacobs, and his beautiful wife Captain Samantha Waters-Jacobs. Major Jacobs is commander of Rose company and Captain Waters-Jacobs was the commander of White Rose reconnaissance,” Jason said.
At the mention of my White Rose reconnaissance, her eyes grew big. The mark of the witch stood out on her arm just as the mark of the vampire did on her husbands arm.
“Major Jacobs, it is a pleasure to finally be able to put a face with some of the people Jason is always talking about,” Margret said.
She flinched when Chris took her hand and kissed it. A look of fear as she saw the mark of the vampire on his face.
“There is nothing to fear Margret. My husbands magic is just as inert as yours is at the moment,” I said.
“I was wondering about that, everything I know of magic says that only a coven can block a person from accessing their magic, but even a coven can't do it in the way this feels,” she said.
“I don't imagine there is anyone who could do it in the fashion this is done, but then again I'm not like most other witches,” I said.
“I see that, I'm a bit surprised to see both the mark of the witch and the vampire on you dear girl. The most interesting part is that I see more than just The White Rose in your marks,” she said.
“And why would that be of such a surprise?” I asked.
“It seems strange because it looks as though all the different clan and covens are incorporate in your marks. From even the obscure stories I've heard and read only one person will ever be a part of all magic, and draw their magic directly from the source,” she said.
The magic whispered conformation that what she was saying was told only in a few of the stories most of which had been assumed lost.
“I wouldn't know about that ma'am, until a short time ago I didn't believe in magic, it wasn't until my husband completed me that I knew magic wasn't just something of wishes and dreams,” I said.
“So you didn't believe in magic until this morning?” she asked.
“No I mean until he completed me as a witch vampire. I was born a witch,” I said.
“You... you're the... Mistress forgive me I meant no disrespect,” she stuttered.
General Talbot finally looked at me closer and realized he had known who I was and what he tried doing to make me show myself before the time was right. The guilt oozed from every pore of his body.
“You seem confused Jason,” I said.
“I had hoped to see Major clusters on your shoulders Sam, that and I just realized what I've known for some time,” he said.
“Only those most trusted will know her identity. My men and oldest sister along with a select few of the other commanders on base knew who I am, only a few of those I had come to trust did I reveal myself to Jason. You should feel privileged that you were among them,” I said.
“Believe me Mistress I do feel very privileged. I guess Margret and I should move along so the others can come and give their best wishes. I do hope we can find time to talk before the night is over,” Jason said.
“We do have much to discuss Jason, but unless a couple sets of eagles are involved I don't see us making any progress. You know that Chris and I have both earned them,” I said.
He moved on into the club and asked Erica about a phone. She looked over at Chris and I and we both nodded to show him to the office where he could make his call undisturbed.
The men from my White Rose were next in line and I greeted each of them with a warm hug again letting each of them know how special they were to me. Each of them had their wives and children with them and each of them introduced me to their wives and children as the single most important reason they made it back from the war in one piece.
“Don't give me too much credit, I finally said since they had all ganged up around me. It was because of me most of you were in a situation where there was a very real possibility of not coming back,” I said.
“Excuse me Mistress but I can't believe you would have ever risked any of our husbands lives foolishly,” one of the wives said.
“There has been a lot of debate about the foolishness of some of the missions we went on, but I will admit I felt a lot safer surrounded by these guys than I would have with most of the men we went in to save. We couldn't have done half of the things we did if these guys hadn't been willing to give me everything they had,” I said.
Mac came over to let us know there were still several people in line wanting to get in and the line out the door was still growing.
“Mac I don't really give a damn about the rest of the people showing up. With you and these guys here as far as I'm concerned all the important people in my life are now here,” I said.
I stepped back in line and told my boys I wanted to talk to them before they tried escaping, that if I could manage to greet everyone showing up they could at least wait so I could talk with them.
“Tell me Major is this little fox still as feisty as she was when she pulled my bacon out of the fire?” General Long asked Chris.
“I think she's getting better with age, and feistier, as well. She won't let me get away with anything. I'm glad you could make it General Long,” Chris said.
“I wouldn't have missed this for anything. I was suppose to have a staff meeting at the pentagon today. I can only imagine what they're saying since I told them I had a wedding to attend that was a lot more important than their silly meeting,” General Long said.
He turned to me, his wife standing there looking at the marks on my face and trying to remember just how she had been told The White Rose was to be addressed if she ever had the chance to meet her.
“My name is Samantha ma'am, though I'm sure your husband will likely just call me Captain,” I said.
I gave each of them a hug and turned to meet the next guest.
The line seemed to take forever before everyone was finally in the club and been through the line. June Collins, who had been Kathy's second gave me a dirty look that I dared wear the symbol of the witch on my face since I so obviously also wore the symbol of the vampire on the other side of my face. She greeted me friendly enough but to my magic couldn't hide her disgust.
Several of the other witches that had come through the line also seem to be surprised to see the symbol of the witch on me since all they knew was I was Kathy's sister who had been bitten, and no witch who had ever been bitten remained a witch.
The line finally broke up and I saw June corner Kathy so worked my way over so I could hear what was being said.
“Have you lost your mind Kathy? That bitch is a vampire,” June said.
“Sam may be a bitch, and you're right she is definitely a vampire, but she is also the strongest witch the world has even seen,” Kathy said.
“Next you're going to try telling me she's the one who made magic impossible in here. I know the stories about The White Rose as well as anyone, and I've done enough research to know your brat sister isn't her. Sure she may have had the chance to be even stronger in magic than you, but The White Rose is fiction only,” June said.
“If I, or even a casting coven had set that spell would the vampires be without their magic as well as the witches? I wouldn't even begin to know how to cast a spell that could quite literally cut a persons magic as soon as they pass a certain point as was done here. I had to go in and out several time just to make sure the spell was only while in the building,” Kathy said.
“That's not true Kathy. For June it is a bit longer since she is the one wishing to challenge me,” I said.
“You gave up your heritage as a witch when you were bitten. You have no right to lead the White Rose coven,” June said.
“And you gave up your heritage as a witch when you didn't check to find out whether or not I did still have my heritage as a witch. If you look around there are several others here who wear both symbols as I do, but you will find that my husband is the only one wearing them on his face as I am. You may not believe I'm real, that the stories about my coming are only stories, but I assure you I am real and I am The White Rose. I am the first born of the elements and accepted of the blood. I am she who is told of from old. I did not choose the path I walk, but I do not shirk the responsibility that is given me,” I said.
There were others in the room that didn't believe I was The White Rose and the time had come for them to be brought to account. The spell was an easy one, and one of the few easy ones, I had learned to master.
“I am she spoken of old in the stories you have shared with your children. I am the one who draws her magic directly from the source unfiltered. From my birth the source has been my companion and the magic even the strongest among you casts is as nothing to me. The magic is now returned to all, but those who came here hoping to challenge me for my seat as the head of the White Rose. From this day forward the White Rose is neither witch nor vampire, it is magic. Any who are of the White Rose coven, clan, pack or other are equal, and under the protection of The White Rose. From this day forward any who bare the symbol of the White Rose will be as one, the magic of the witch will not work as intended against the vampire, nor will the magic of the vampire work against the witch,” I said.
“Mistress what of those who did not make their challenge public, but only secretly stood with she who did make the challenge?” someone asked.
“A counsel has been setup among the witches to give a way back. June Collins you standalone in judgment before me without access to the decision of the counsel. It is my judgment that you will not wear the symbol of the Rose again without being able to show to me that you do understand the futility of challenging me using magic. Should you reveal our world to the world of men your punishment will be swift and sure. It would be better for you that you were dead then betray our world to mortals,” I said.
I heard a collective sigh of relief as the spell blocking magic from all but myself dropped.
“Sam thank you. I haven't felt that bad in a very long time,” Kathy said.
General Talbot seemed to be looking for either Chris or me, and I wasn't sure if it mattered which. I saw Chris approach him so I started looking for my men so we could catch up on everything since the last time we had been together.
I found them in a group and started toward them trying to be friendly and cordial to everyone as I passed.
“Mistress forgive me, is it possible to talk with you?” Erica asked.
“That depends on whether you are going to be calling me Mistress every time I turn around Erica,” I said.
“No Mistress. I was just wondering if you wanted to know the terms we've settled on for accepting those who wished to challenge you back into the coven,” Erica asked.
“I'm sure whatever the terms are they are fair and sufficiently hard enough to discourage anyone from making such an attempt again,” I said.
“We believe so. We don't believe any of them wanted to cause you any harm,” she said.
“Erica if they weren't prepared to kill me they had no business even considering challenging me. As the head of the coven I have the luxury of being able to be generous, there was no point in my seeking their death. But if they weren't prepared to kill me they had no right to my place in the coven. The only way they could have won victory over me was to have killed me,” I said.
Erica gave me a stricken look and ran off to find someone else to talk with. I in turn continued on to where my men were gathered.
“Mac is there any chance of letting the guys know we might be pulling White Rose back together? If so I will be a Colonel not a Captain, and we'll probably be building into a full company not just a little reconnaissance unit,” I said.
“Sam you do know the only reason the rest of us finished our time and got out was because of how they treated you. We all watched how proud you were of each of us every time we got another stripe, and that we got that stripe because you fought for it. None of us could understand why while we were getting promotions almost every time we turned around they refused to give you a promotion,” Mac said.
“General Talbot is talking to Washington about what it will take to get me to come back. He asked and I told him it would take a couple sets of eagles. Chris has earned at least Colonels eagles and I feel I have as well. I almost said it would take stars, but figured demanding eagles was probably pushing it farther than I should, all things considered,” I said.
“I'll talk to the guys and see how many of them might be willing to come back,” he said.
I wondered through the club looking for somewhere I could escape and soon found myself sitting at the same table I always sat at when I came to the club. A table off by itself, where I could see almost everything going on, but be out of the way, and easily overlooked. Where I could be aware of almost everything and no one seemed any the wiser I wasn't socializing.
“I remember the first time I saw you sitting there,” Irene said.
“Care to join me Irene?” I asked.
“I wish everyone would have been this happy about me marrying him. Do you know that most of these people are here because of you, not Chris?” she asked.
“I know, I just find it hard to believe,” I said.
“Sam I remember the first time I ever saw you. I knew you were special. I knew Chris loved you not me, but I also knew he cared enough about me to not go running to you,” she said.
“Do you know what I am Irene?” I asked.
“The White Rose. I'm not sure what that means, but I've heard almost everyone here say it. That was the name of your unit when you were in the military, wasn't it?” she asked.
“I was Captain Waters commander of White Rose reconnaissance,” I said.
“The White Rose reconnaissance unit that was all over the news during the war. I thought you looked familiar when I agreed to rent you that room,” she said.
“I'm surprised you haven't asked about the girls,” I said.
“Kathy and Nicole never really understood me, nor did I ever really understand them. I love them, but I knew I was never really meant to be their mother. Sam I left in hopes you would finally become yourself. I wanted only the best for Chris and the girls, and when I realized how much you loved the girls and they loved you all I could do was get out of the way,” she said.
“Did you ever meet Chris' family?” I asked.
“Are you kidding? Chris never talked about them. Sometimes I wondered if he really even had a family. I loved being his wife, but I can see he loves you being his wife more than anything. I don't know if he ever really loved me,” she said.
“He still loves you Irene. Take my hands I want to show you something and then maybe you'll understand better,” I said.
I held out my hands hoping she would take them.
“Sam I'm not part of that world, and I don't want to be. I learned enough to know that the gods the different religions teach about is nothing but someones way of controlling other people. I don't see the world you could show me as much more than that,” she said.
“I would still like to show you. No one will try forcing you to believe, but since your daughters are part of the world of magic I just hoped you might be a little interested to knowing more about it,” I said.
“What part of the world of magic is theirs?” she asked.
“All of it. Because Chris became a vampire before they were even conceived they were born as vampires, but their real heritage had Chris not been bitten would have been witchcraft, natural born witches,” I said.
“And what are you Sam?” she asked.
“I was born a witch, a few months ago I was wounded and to save my life Chris gave me the blood of life. I became a vampire. The thing no one really understands though is the blood magic of the vampires has always been part of who I am, just as the elemental magic of the witches,” I said.
She placed her hands in mine and I gently cast the spell that took us on a journey that would show her all that her daughters and ex-husband were. She asked me what made me so different from all the others and I thought of the corridors of power where each person of magic drew their magic from. How little any of them had in comparison to what I had access to.
“You see the corridors? There is a door for each person leading to a room that is filled with the essence of their magic, inside that room there are two doors one leading to the source of the elemental magic the other to the source of the blood magic,” I said.
“So which one of those doors is yours?” she asked.
“None of them. I get my magic directly from the source. The magic I use is not filtered through the doorways limiting how much of the source I have access to,” I said.
“That world is real isn't it? I mean the witches and vampires and the rest?” she asked.
“I'm living proof, Irene if you hadn't been the mother of Kathy and Nicole I never would have shown you this. I could erase it from your memory, but I see no harm in letting you know who and what your daughters are and why it is I can better care for them,” I said.
“Is it possible for me to become part of this world?” she asked.
“It's possible if that's what you really want,” I said.
“It wouldn't get me back my family though would it? Chris would still be your husband, the girls would still be your daughters. What would it gain me?” she asked.
“Irene, Kathy and Nicole have been my daughters even before they were born. Chris has always been my husband as far back as I can remember. I don't know what you might gain that would be worth what it would cost for you to become part of this world,” I said.
We were back at the table and Jody came around offering us drinks. Leaving our favorite and was gone again.
“Do the girls even remember me now?” she asked.
“You would have to ask them that question, but I'm sure they do,” I said.
Kelli came up asking if I knew where her mother was.
“I haven't seen her for some time Kelli. Do you know where Kathy and Nicole are, there is someone who would like to see them,” I said.
“I'll go get them I think they're with aunt Sarah.” She ran off.
“I take it she's one of your nieces?” Irene asked.
“She's my sister Kathy's daughter,” I said.
“She seems to love you,” she said.
“My sister does most of the time, but she has her moments, and one of those moments was when Kelli became a vampire. The kids were playing, and one of her neighbors dogs got in the yard. When little Kathy turns on her vampire charm there isn't a dog alive that will go near her. That wasn't the case for Kelli though. Kelli was mauled pretty bad by the dog before Kathy could do anything to help get the dog out of the yard. Kelli begged Kathy to help because it hurt so much. Kathy did the only thing she could think of and shared the blood of life with Kelli. Neither of the girls thought anything about what sharing the blood of life would do to Kelli, and when Kelli figured out what it was doing to her she did her best to hide it from her mother until she could talk to me in hopes of finding a way to keep her mother from banning Kathy and Nicole from ever coming over to their home again,” I said.
“So where you able to come up with a way?” Irene asked.
“She taught my daughter to open herself to both magics, which at times drives me as crazy as trying to help Sam learn to use her magic,” Kathy said.
“Why thank you Kathy. I'd like you to meet Irene the birth mother of my two girls,” I said.
“It's a pleasure Irene. Sam have you seen Kelli, and General Talbot is looking for you he said something about if I saw Colonel Waters-Jacobs to let her know he has a copy of the orders and will see she gets at least one set of eagles tomorrow. I'm not going to guess what that's all about,” Kathy said.
“It's about me going back to active duty and making White Rose a company rather than just a reconnaissance unit. There's Kelli now with Kathy and Nicole,” I said.
All three girls came over Kathy sitting in the empty chair and Nicole pushing her way around to climb in my lap. Kathy looked from me over to Irene.
“Hello momma.”
“It's good to see you again Kathy, you to Nicole,” Irene said. “I hear momma Sam is taking really good care of you,” she said.
“Mommy is teaching us about who we are. She made it so we can do magic too,” Kathy said.
I saw a tear slip from the confines of Irene's lashes and land on her cheek at Kathy's mention of me as mommy even though she had gotten a momma. I knew it wasn't the words that brought the tear, but the way in which the words had been used. These girls saw me as their mother and Irene as simply the person who had given them birth.
“Girls I need to go talk to General Talbot can you stay here with mommy Irene?” I asked.
I stood up and set Nicole back on the chair I had been sitting in. I couldn't give Irene what I thought she might want which was the love that could have been hers, but I saw no reason she couldn't become more of a favorite aunt if she wanted. I knew both girls would accept her, but I was now their mother.
“I promise I'll be back as soon as I can,” I said.
I headed for the office knowing that was going to be where I would end up eventually anyway.
Chapter 15
“You wanted to see me General?” I asked.
He handed me a fax copy of the orders making me a full bird Colonel.
“I want to know how long it will take you to pull White Rose back together. With that promotion I would like to see White Rose become a full company, but I do want a specialty unit within the White Rose as well,” Jason said.
“I'm retired General,” I said.
“You said if I had two sets of eagles, you would be willing to come back. I've already given your husband his orders granting him eagles to put on his shoulders. Are you going to tell me you aren't willing to consider coming back, breaking the promise you made to me earlier tonight?” Jason asked.
“I need to talk to my men that are here and find out how many of them are willing to return with me. Not all of them know me as The White Rose, in the sense that the majority of the people here know me and only those who would call me Mistress outside of a military setting will be in my specialty unit. Trying to protect the ungifted is something I would rather not have to do any longer,” I said.
“Understood Colonel. I was hoping perhaps you'd be willing to do whatever it is you need to do to make those Captains bars and your husbands Major clusters into the eagles they should be,” he said.
Even before he finished asking I had eagles on my shoulders where the Captains bars had been and knew Chris now had eagles in place of the clusters he had.
“I'm not sure I will ever get use to seeing you do things like that,” Jason muttered.
“I should have my specialty unit mostly filled before tonight is over. I reserve the right to choose all the members of the specialty team. You can fill out the company with whoever you choose as long as they are special forces qualified. You also might want to let Chuck know I'm no longer available to teach for him,” I said. 
“I'll take care of Chuck, and see you have access to all the files of people who have been through the training filling out your unit if your original team isn't willing to return,” he said.
“Thank you General now if you will excuse me my men are on their way up here and I would like to talk to them in private,” I said.
“Of course Mistress,” Jason said turning to join everyone else at the reception.
Jason stepped out of the room and Mac stepped in followed by the rest of the men who had been part of White Rose.
“Ma'am, I must say those eagles do look good on your shoulders,” Mac said.
“Don't try kissing up to me Mac, I know you to well and it wouldn't matter what was sitting on my shoulder I know I can count on you,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, that you can,” he said.
“Gentlemen I notice all of you came wearing your dress uniforms with the White Rose patch on them. I wonder how many of you would be willing to come back to active duty wearing those patches,” I asked.
They all started looking around and apparently hadn't noticed they had all worn their old dress uniforms and unit patches.
“Ma'am I can only guess those eagles on your shoulders mean that White Rose is being called back to active duty,” Curtis said.
“You'd be right Curtis, these eagles do mean that White Rose is being called back to active duty, but this time as a full company not just a little reconnaissance unit. There will be a specialty unit inside White Rose for the kind of things we did during the war, but I'm sorry to say the conditions of making that unit are stricter than they were when each of you were selected before and some of you may not qualify this time around, though I would love to have all of you in the company if you want to return,” I said.
“Ma'am we left because you did. If you're going back you can count on me,” Curtis said and everyone of them echoed his statement.
“Mac will you take Curtis and the others who know our secret in the inner office while I talk with everyone else please,” I said.
I waited for them all to step into the other office before saying anything. And noticed those left understood that the ones leaving had always been part of the inner circle of my men.
“Gentlemen the men Mac took in the inner office are the ones who already meet the new qualification to be in the specialty unit. I want to extend to each of you the ability of making that unit as well since the qualification is something you may not believe can be real. I'm sure all of you have heard people referring to me as Mistress tonight, and I'm sure that reference hasn't made a lot of sense to most of you. I can assure you, everyone of those Mac took in the other office do understand why so many are referring to me in such a manner, and I would like to extend that knowledge to you as well,” I said
“Ma'am I think I know just from some of the things my wife said. Are you going to tell us those stories Mac and the others seemed to always be telling about The White Rose are true? The stories about how The White Rose is a person?” Neal asked.
“I am The White Rose Neal, I'm sure your wife said something about things didn't feel right when you got here tonight as well didn't she? Even if she didn't I know she was one of the many who sighed not all that long ago,” I said.
“Yes ma'am on both accounts,” Neal said.
“That's because your wife is a witch and she was denied access to her magic when she arrived here. I lifted that restriction once the threat of someone who wished to challenge my right to lead the coven was removed. Yes gentlemen I am a witch, but not just a witch. Everyone of those that went with Mac are either witches, or vampires, or some other magical being, and they all fall under my rule as the queen of witches and vampires. It is something I was born to, not something I chose. You see unlike them there is no restriction on the magic I command, thus making me stronger in magic than all the White Rose combined,” I said.
“So you're telling us magic is real?” Eddie asked.
“I'm not telling you anything but fact Eddie. If you choose to believe it great if not that too is your choice, but in order to make my specialty unit you will have to have some form of one of the symbols that were showing on my wedding dress on either your right or left arm,” I said.
“You mean the White Rose designs?” Eddie asked.
“Yes, I mean the White Rose designs,” I said.
“Let me guess ma'am if we just got the design tattooed on you would know and we still wouldn't be able to be in the specialty unit?” Walter asked.
“Walter I can tell you have the potential to be a witch, all you lack is the training, if you're willing to get the training I'm willing to accept you on the specialty unit, once I've been assured you have enough knowledge to control the magic. If however you don't want the training your only other choice of making the specialty unit would be to walk through the same door Mac and the others went through and choose one of them to share the kind of magic they have with you. I can tell you depending on who you chose in the other room, the only way of gaining their magic is quite painful and even then you might die before being able to fully grasp the magic,” I said.
“Couldn't you train those of us capable of using witchcraft to use it?” Walter asked.
“Tell me Walter, how easy is it for you to get through a hole I can easily slid through but that is still tight for me?” I asked.
“Chances are I couldn't without making the hole bigger, ma'am,” Walter answered.
“My magic would be more like Mac trying and you know that's not possible without increasing the size of the hole. Me trying to teach you the limits of the magic you could handle is beyond me since I find it very difficult to work with threads of magic that small,” I said.
“And if we don't wish to join your magical world ma'am?” Norman asked.
“You would still be welcome in White Rose company but not the specialty unit,” I said.
“So we're free to walk out the door we came in?” Norman asked.
“Yes but if you do you won't remember anything that has been discussed here other than your choice of joining White Rose Company. The specialty unit will be closed to you, and you'll have no knowledge of it,” I said.
“Ma'am maybe if you proved magic is real I might believe, but unlike Neal I don't have a wife that talks about it and unlike Walter I don't get premonition. I'd be honored to serve with you again, but not if it means believing in witches and vampires,” Larry said.
“No one here is trying to make you believe in anything you don't want to believe in Larry,” I let my fangs show, “But if proof that the monsters of your youth are the only way then I'm not sure being on my specialty unit would be a good idea,” I said.
Everyone of the men saw my fangs as they extended some of them turning ghost white as the blood drained from their faces.
“How do you do that ma'am?”Phil asked.
“I'm a vampire and that was what it took for me to finally acknowledge my magic as real. It didn't take me becoming Samantha, it took me becoming a vampire. There isn't one of you here that didn't know me as Samuel Waters, yet you've all accepted me as Samantha Jacobs as though it's no big deal. How can you accept me as a woman when all you knew me as was a man?” I asked.
“You've had surgery to become a woman. I know a couple people who changed from being men to being women. From what they said the surgery is expensive and takes time to recover from,” Phil said.
“I've had no surgery, Phil. I've always been a woman hidden away so the world wouldn't know me, until it was time for The White Rose to come forth and bring balance to the world of magic,” I said.
Two of the men stood up and headed for the door back into the club. Someone started to say something about them being cowards and I stepped in.
“No one in this room is a coward. What I'm asking here is something each of you will have to live with the rest of your life and it isn't a decision that should be made lightly. Witchcraft can be taught to anyone willing to learn, but only those born to it will have any real power with it. The magic used in witchcraft is different from the magic of vampires, and werewolves, the magic of witchcraft is elemental magic being able to realign the surrounding elements to create what you wish. The magic of the vampire and werewolves is blood magic and with blood magic you are either born with it or it is shared through the blood of life. I hate asking anyone to go through what I did in becoming a vampire, and becoming a werewolf is no easier. To become a vampire or werewolf you must die to the mortal world. You must be so close to death that only through the blood of life will you have a chance of living,” I said.
“Kind of like a rebirth?” Keith asked.
“Yes Keith kind of like a rebirth. The creation changes everything about you. It has its advantages, but it has its disadvantages as well,” I said.
“What are the disadvantages?” Keith asked.
“Blood lust, a constant hunger for the taste of blood. An animalistic nature that can be very difficult to control,” I said.
“What are the advantages?” Eddie asked.
“Very hard to be killed, greater speed, faster healing,” I said.
“Would becoming a vampire or werewolf help my leg? It's been almost ten years now and it still isn't healed,” Kevin said.
“I don't know if it would help or not Kevin. With how long you've been complaining about that leg I think the only thing that might help is a bullet, at least then the rest of us wouldn't have to listen to you complaining all the time,” I said smiling.
Everyone laughed and the two who stood sat back down.
“I'm willing to discuss this with each of you individually, and I promise I won't sugar coat anything about what I'm asking. I want you each to make the decision that is right for you. Neal a word of caution your wife is a witch and I don't think she wants to be married to either a vampire or werewolf. I know she has talked openly with you about her witchcraft, but I also know you didn't believe her magic to be real. The one thing I am proud of all of you about more than anything else is that you haven't fallen for the religious nonsense that is so prevalent among mortals,” I said.
“I'm sorry ma'am, but I do believe in God, I just learned not to try forcing my beliefs on others,” Danny said.
“Danny to me that is just as good as not following the religious nonsense. If God works for you great. You're still my friend and I'd still be honored to have you in my company,” I said.
“Thank you ma'am I'd be honored to serve with you again, as long as you don't make fun of me for believing in something you don't,” Danny said.
“I would never use your beliefs against you unless you started trying to force those beliefs on someone else. I'm sure your wife will want to know your answer about coming back,” I said.
I gave him a hug and watched as he went back down to join his wife and the party.
“Danny made his decision. There is nothing cowardly about the decision, but because he would rather not know about magic he isn't eligible for the specialty unit,” I said.
I knew his memory of everything talked about other than the decision of whether or not he wanted to come back to White Rose company was gone replaced with talk of what we were hoping for in the company.
A couple others stood and said as much as they had enjoyed serving in White Rose they had families that meant as much, or more than being members of White Rose company, and magic of the kind I was talking about was just a little to science fiction for them. I wished them the best in civilian life and saw them out the door making sure they remembered nothing other than the decision not to come back to active duty.
For each man that left I created special memories that I hoped would leave them knowing no one thought any less of them for their decision. After losing six of the men I had there and only two of those six saying they would love to join the company but not the specialty unit everyone else looked at me as though to ask what was next.
“If you gentlemen are sure this is what you want I do have to ask that you bring your spouses in here so they to understand what you are agreeing to since it will affect them as well. You can't tell your spouse why they need to come talk to me only that it is important and it will affect the future of your families,” I said.
I waited as each of them went out to find their spouse and return. Neal was the first back his wife seeming very excited to meet me, but then she was a witch and knew I was the head of the White Rose coven now.
“Samantha it is such a pleasure to meet you finally. Neal talks about you like you're a god or something. I had the privilege of meeting Kathy one time the last head of the coven. I can't believe how much you and her look alike,” Natalie gushed.
“She's my oldest sister Natalie. Neal didn't tell you why I wanted to talk to you did he?” I asked.
“He said something about it being very important that would affect our future,” Natalie said.
I couldn't help smiling the whole time she was talking. The fear she must have felt showed in the way she rambled on and on.
“Natalie I understand you've told Neal about our world,” I said.
“Please Mistress I thought he already knew having worked with you in the past. Some of the things he told me I was sure you had revealed our world to him,” she said.
“I see, so naturally if I had revealed our world there was no point in you denying we exist. The flaw in that is that you couldn't have know anything about me other than the stories he told since I can see that little girl is his daughter and yours,” I said.
“I... I...” she stuttered trying to find an answer.
“You aren't in trouble so we can talk about what you may or may not have shared with him. You are here because he wants to come back to active duty as a White Rose specialty unit member, and to do that he needs to be brought into our world. To train him as a witch would take to long and he likely would never be very good with magic. However, as a vampire or werewolf the transition only take a short time and it would give him usable magical skills as soon as the transition is complete,” I said.
“Please Mistress, my daughter and I are both witches. If he had access to the blood magic he could take our witchcraft away from us. I'm begging you Mistress, please,” Natalie started crying.
“Natalie who am I?” I asked.
“The head of the White Rose Mistress,” she said.
“Kathy who am I?” I asked Kathy when she entered.
“You mean besides my little sister. Hello Natalie, she's quite something isn't she? Now maybe you can understand why I gave her the coven as a wedding present this morning. No one but The White Rose could have cast that spell that blocked everyones ability to use magic but hers,” Kathy said.
“You mean... but those are just stories. I was told those were only stories, that she doesn't really exist,” Natalie said.
“Yes I know that's what I was taught as well, but it seems the stories are about a very real person who can access the magic directly from the source, totally unfiltered. There is no longer a vampire that can harm a White Rose witch, nor can a White Rose witch or any witch harm a White Rose vampire. My little sister found a way of joining the elemental magic with the blood magic. Only she can now use her magic to harm someone else who has magic,” Kathy said.
“I wondered about the mark of the vampire. I thought it was because your new husband is a vampire,” Natalie said.
“I am the first born of element and created of blood. I am the one told of in the stories of old. Keep watch that she who has power does not find you unworthy, for she has the power to banish the betrayer to a life that is not life. She also has the ability to pardon the repentant soul,” I said.
“I would never betray you Mistress. If my husband is worthy of your service I submit to your rule,” Natalie said.
I looked over at Neal to see if he now understood the power I held in the least.
“Neal you know what to do if you want to be part of the specialty unit, I could use your skills, but the choice is yours,” I said.
He looked from me to his wife who was still bowing at my feet, and went through the door to Mac and the others waiting beyond.
“I'm so sorry Natalie. The choice was his to make, I hope you will stand by him, but he is now and forever more a vampire, or werewolf,” I said.
“Thank you Mistress, thank you,” Natalie said.
She stood and walked back down to the party.
“Thank you Kathy. She'll need some help coming to terms with this. I'm sure you know someone who can help her,” I said.
Aaron was the next one back with his wife and I started laughing. How many of these men had married into the world of magic?
“You find something amusing Mistress?” Tracie asked.
“Quite, what did Aaron tell you about why I wanted to see you?” I asked.
“He didn't. All he said was his old commander wished to talk to me. I had no idea it would be you Mistress,” Tracie said.
“How would you feel about him become what you are?” I asked.
“Mistress I would never do that without his consent,” she said.
“That isn't what I asked you is it?” I asked.
“No Mistress, but I have never told him about our world. I wouldn't wish to bother him with something like that,” she said.
“Answer the question. I won't ask again,” I said.
“I would rather him join our world because he chooses to. If it is his desire I would have no problem with it,” she said.
“Thank you Tracie. Aaron tell her why you brought her to me,” I said.
“Ma'am I'm not really sure other than you asked me to,” Aaron said.
“Aaron why did I ask you to? I'm not buying this I don't know shit. This isn't classified and she already knows about the world of magic, so tell her why I asked you to bring her to me,” I said.
The look of surprise was very telling that Tracie indeed had not told him about her world as a vampire.
“The Colonel asked me to bring you to her so she could talk about how life would be different since I want to be on her specialty unit and that means something about learning about vampires or something,” Aaron said.
“You would require all the members of this specialty unit to be magical, Mistress?” Tracie asked.
“It isn't that I would require anything. I do require they be magical, I prefer they be men I've worked with and trust. Aaron is one of those men as are all the men who served with me in White Rose during the war. As someone of magic the burden on me is less in trying to keep them safe. The members of my specialty unit will be going into high risk situations just as we did during the war,” I said.
“If it must be done Mistress I ask the privilege as his wife,” Tracie said.
“Granted. It is better when done out of love,” I said.
I indicated they go into the inner office and Mac would be waiting to assist if necessary.
With the other men their wives seemed to not mind since the transition would give each of them a greater chance of surviving.
I was missing four men from my team and I wanted those positions filled by White Rose people. If they happened to be witches so much the better, but as long as they were White Rose I could manage. The company could be filled with anyone special forces trained, but I wanted much more from my specialty unit.
Chapter 16
Everyone started to leave and I asked each of my men who would be on my specialty unit to remain as well as all of Chris' men that were there. Jason asked why I would ask them to all stay after everyone else left. So I told him we were going to have a gang bang later to get reacquainted again. I laughed as he walked out to his car assisting his wife in and driving away.
Mac's sister went with Curtis' wife and the wives and girlfriends of the others in the unit said something about them all staying in the same motel so there was no point in them taking all the cars so the guys would have a way to get there once I cut them lose for the night.
Kathy wanted to know what was up and why it was Chris and I insisted on staying after everyone else left.
“Kathy this is a matter for Chris and I. Something we have to do. Thank you for being willing to take the girls for the weekend,” I said.
Evelyn tried sliding past me while I talked with Kathy and I made sure she didn't get far. As much as I hated her having to see what was going to happen I needed her to understand just what she had signed up for by letting her granddaughter turn her into a vampire.
“Evelyn in a way you're the reason we're going to be dealing with this tonight not waiting for another time,” I said.
“Please Sam why do I have to be there. I don't have the skills these men have,” she said.
“I want you there so you know what your weakness almost lead you into. So you can see the depravity of the man you said you loved for so long. I want you to understand your failure in showing real love to those you care about,” I said.
“You think I don't already know those things? You think I can't see how much you really love your children and my son? You think I can't see how much your family loves each other? I'm sorry Sam it's because of the love I had for Martin that I don't think it's a good idea I'm there,” she said.
“Evelyn Martin Sr and Jr's lives are going to be in your hands. They used those I care about to force you into becoming a vampire and I am the only one able to make what their witches can do irrelevant since they have no idea who I am, or what I'm capable of. All mine and Chris' men will do is make sure none of those there will be able to get away before judgment is made. This will end the conflict in White Rose tonight, I have more to worry about and the sooner I can unite White Rose the sooner I can move on to dealing with everything else I have, but if Martin Sr and Jr are to die it will be by your hand not mine. The judgment I would give them would be seen as more cruel since they would learn that the hell their religion teaches is a paradise compared to the hell I will decree for them. They will be your only concern tonight and if you cannot kill them I wonder if you really did love them,” I said.
“I can't Sam, please I can't kill them. I know you can give them worse than death, and though I did love them, after what they did today I cannot give them better than they deserve. Do with them what you will. I know your judgment is fair and right. You are my queen and my Mistress,” she said.
I looked over at Chris and saw he held no love for either of the men either, and wondered if I was the only person capable of showing compassion.
The men were briefed about what they were expected to do and warned that there would be witches working to prevent us from accomplishing the task ahead.
“Stay on your toes there are likely both witches and vampires assisting the mortals in their plans. Your objective is to keep anyone from escaping until I've made my judgment. If you can do that without killing great if not... use whatever means you deem necessary to accomplish your task,” I said.
I didn't wait for an acknowledgement. As soon as I finished telling them to use whatever means they thought necessary we were standing on the outer edge of the property where Chris had grown up.
“I want this property sealed off nothing in, nothing out. Once you've secured the perimeter start working your way toward the house pushing those gathered here in without them knowing they are being pushed in if possible,” I said.
I waited for the signal that said all our men were in place and looked at Chris and Evelyn.
“Now it's time for us to do our job,” I said.
Evelyn I knew was scared I just hoped her vampire nature would be enough to keep her from doing something foolish.
We did what only vampires could, but in such a way even vampires wouldn't be able to follow if they didn't know what to look for. It took the three of us a relatively short time to cross the distance between the front gate and the house staying always to the shadows. I was in my element again and I changed mine and Chris' outfits to what we had worn for the Halloween party.
We were vampires, but we were more than vampires as well. We became the shadows. I had Evelyn wait outside in the deepest shadows while Chris and I went inside where the shadows where almost nonexistent. Chris crossed the forayer and disappeared in the shadows of the stairs while I listened to discover where those gathered were, planning out whatever they thought might work against the one witch every witch here was sure wouldn't be able to access the source directly.
The treads of magic were heavy in the air and I snapped them with little effort and heard the moans of those creating them. The war was on and there was none who could stand against the magic I could wield against them. I stood in the study with Martin Sr and Jr across from me and June Collins to my right.
“You would dare to betray your own kind witch? Was it not enough that you lost your magic for a time so that you might learn the true power of the Rose? You now condemn these who looked to you for guidance, to a life that isn't life? If their blood is sweet and will submit to the vampire and lose forever the magic that was their heritage, but you and you alone of the world of magic gathered here shall learn of the true power of the Rose and what life that is not life means,” I said.
Evelyn came in as my words started echoing throughout the compound.
June turned white all the color draining from her face she now knew I was The White Rose of the stories she had learned from childhood. Only The White Rose could have so easily made the magic, she and the witches she had with her, seem so weak.
In the blink of an eye we were standing in the room where Martin Sr and Jr had tortured so many. Their eyes blazing with hatred toward me and my husband who they no longer knew.
“Who are you people? June you swore to us that no witch or vampire could get past what you and those others were doing,” Martin said.
“She was only a story book figure. It was supposed to be impossible for anyone like her to really exist. No one can touch the source directly and live. What have I done? Mistress I beg of you kill me, please, I did not know. I did not dare hope you could be real,” June begged.
“You will not die so easily June Collins. You have divided the Rose against itself and your fate is written from before the stories were first told. You knew the truth and sought the lie. Earlier this night I let you walk away hoping that one day you might understand the kindness I gave you and this is how you repay that kindness? There is no more kindness, unlike like these mortals you betray your kind to, you will not be granted the kindness of death. Even now these two men are finding relief rather than what would be just because of the love of someone they would have betrayed, but there is no release in death for you. You will never again leave this room as long as you fail to accept your own kind. You will not be seen or heard though you will hear and see. In this room you will be as a ghost with no substance in this world forever cut off from the source, unable to take your own life and no longer known to the world of the living. You will beg for my mercy and I shall not hear,” I said.
“Please Mistress, I beg of you, kill me, have mercy Mistress,” June begged.
I stepped out of the room destroying all the things of torture that were in the room. I was moving among the people gathered if their blood smelled sweet I spared their life, for all whose blood smelled sour I killed moving on to the next until the dead lay everywhere with only a few wondering around as in a daze.
I didn't know how long it took it seemed days had gone by, yet it felt like it was over almost as soon as it started. Never had I felt so much of the source at one time. I saw all who were left alive moving toward the house followed by mine and Chris' men. Everyone one stepping over the dead hoping to find a path along which to walk were they would be walking on bare ground rather then men and women who had oppressed them.
The mess needed to be cleaned up and I was all that was there with enough magic to manage, if only I could remember the spell. Each time I started something didn't look right, so I undid it and started again, only to undo it again. I was starting to get frustrated, the spell hadn't seemed that difficult the night of the Halloween party. The coven started it and I filled in the holes and cast. Kathy had been furious with me because she was still checking it when I cast it.
I started again trying to duplicate what they had done and each time failed. I knew Chris didn't know the spell, he still didn't want to believe he had access to elemental magic. Would Evelyn know the spell? She hadn't done any witchcraft in years, but she said she had completed her training.
She was standing where she had ripped the throat out of Martin Jr in shock not understanding just what it was she had done.
So much for getting her help. Would any of the men from our units know?
I scanned each of them and realized not one of them were a witch. Sure most of them had the ability, but none of them had any training.
Kathy didn't need to see the carnage and she was the only witch I knew of that would know the spell.
No that wasn't right there was another witch that knew the spell and she was already here, but would she be willing to help? She'd earned banishment, and in banishing her it had been the magic that worked the spell. As The White Rose the magic was in control and knew what it wanted I was simply the vessel through which it worked. I knew once I knew more about getting the magic to do what I needed, it would be me that stayed in control not the magic, but for now it was the magic and it wouldn't help me here.
“We need to talk June,” I said.
“Please Mistress, just kill me, please don't let me suffer the fate you've decreed,” June begged.
“Tell me the spell to cleanup the dead out in the yard and throughout the house and I'll consider your fate,” I said.
“Please Mistress, just kill me...” she continued begging.
“You want me to change your fate tell me what I'm asking. If you aren't willing to help me your punishment stands as decreed,” I said.
“A spell like you're asking requires a casting coven,” she said.
I fed a thread of magic to her hoping it would make it so she could see the web as I cast it.
“Tell me the spell June or I won't consider granting your request,” I said.
I started the spell again and saw she could see the weave of the magic.
“Will you tell me the spell or do I have to call Kathy?” I asked.
“You aren't getting the words right. This might do what you want if you have the power to force it, but it would take much more strength than any one person could handle,” she said.
She told me the words I had spoken wrong and how to correct them and watched as I did what she thought only a casting coven could have possibly done.
About half way through the spell she was telling me I changed it a little adding in some of my blood magic and cast and knew the bodies of the dead where gone and those still living whose blood smelled foul were gone as well.
Evelyn was standing next to me tears running down her cheeks.
“I'm sorry Evelyn, but there was nothing left I could do. The spell left only those whose blood was sweet, or had any sweet left in it,” I said.
“I'm glad he's gone Sam. I'm as glad I didn't kill him. and he's gone, as I am I killed his son. What will you do with her now?” Evelyn asked.
“That's up to her. If she is willing to help me learn to control the magic the worst she will suffer is being banished to this house for the rest of her life,” I said.
“And if she tried leaving?” Evelyn asked.
“If she ever tries leaving without my permission she will again suffer the fate that had been decreed for her,” I said.
“I could always use the help and I'm sure this would make a good place to help those witches who have been bitten relearn their magic,” Evelyn said.
“You aren't going to kill me?” June asked.
“Do you really wish to die so badly?” I asked.
“If it means being banished to that room I do,” June said.
“For helping me learn my magic I'm willing to give you the chance of again wearing the White Rose,” I said.
“But never to have my magic back, or to leave this place?” she asked.
“June I offer you hope. How far that hope goes is up to you. Evelyn needs the help of an experienced witch to help others relearn their magic, as long as you don't try leaving here without my permission you can again earn the White Rose, and possibly even a small part of your magic over time. If you ever try leaving here without my consent you'll find yourself trapped in that room again with no one but me able to see or hear you,” I said.
“You ask a lot, but the little hope you offer is better than no hope at all, and no I'm not eager to die,” June said.
“I need to talk with my husband and figure out what to do with the people who are left. Then I want to talk to you about some of the spells that have been giving me fits. I swear though if you laugh I might just take that offer of hope away,” I said.
“Let me guess, the magic giving you fits is the beginner magic?” she asked.
I glared at her.
“Kathy had the same problem at first though I'm sure it's a hundred times worse for you because of how much more powerful you are then she is. From what I've seen here you try forcing everything, I never had the magic to force things so had to learn to finesse them,” June said.
She started going over the basics of what constituted a spell how most of the simple spells needed words to help at first and depending on the strength of a persons magic depended on whether or not the words would always be needed.
“Mistress once you learn the spells words chances of you ever needing to say the words for a spell will be almost non-existent unless you wish to let someone know what you're doing. It's kind of like the spell for getting rid of all those dead and the people you banished to wherever it was you sent them,” June said.
“Where I sent them is none of your concern June, all you need to know is the hell I sentenced you to was paradise compared to where they went. At least you could have seen and heard other people, they won't even have that privilege and death is not an escape for them anymore than it would have been for you,” I said.
She shivered with the thought of what I could do. She thought the hell I had given her was bad, but now she knew as bad as it was it could have been worse.
“Can you go where you sent them, Mistress?” she asked.
“Where I sent them? Why would I want to? With you there was still a chance, with them they were already dead to any form of compassion. The crimes you committed as bad as they were didn't compare to what they had done against your sisters and each other. Do you have any idea how many of those still alive are from the magical world? Do you have any idea what they would have done to you had I not been able to control more magic than the casting coven they had working with them? I have no reason to go where they are, and there is no one who can bring them back from there,” I said.
“How can you be so sure Mistress?” June asked.
“How many are told of in the stories who can access both elemental and blood magic? How many are told of who can access that magic from the source without the filters that restrict a persons strength?” I asked.
“None that I'm aware of Mistress. I grew up with the stories and still did not believe them, there is still one thing I do not understand though. How is it you could come here and so easily slam the door so no witch here could access their magic, yet you do not understand the simplest magic?” she asked.
“The magic I have is a raging fire. For most people it would burn them at just the thought of its touch, but it is the only magic I have ever known. For most of my life I was hidden away from the world, even from myself. The magic would on occasion show itself to those it knew it could trust. Tonight the magic controlled me more than I controlled it. The magic knew what it wanted and thus showed me what to do. Everything I did tonight I could redo again without the magic showing me again, but while I did work the spell back during Halloween I did not initiate the spell, I simply filled in the hole in the spell weaving in my blood magic to change where those dead and corrupt went. If you noticed once the spell reached a point I cast without further instruction because it was where I had stepped in back during Halloween,” I said.
“I was wondering about that. Where I helped you to wouldn't have done much of anything and before I could say anything you had cast,” she said.
“Teach me the simple magic the magic that children learn. The magic that gives the basics. I grew up a male believed to have no magic. Even Kathy was believed to have no magic until after she was married. Had I not been believed to have been male Kathy may never have learned of her magic. We grew up in a home that followed the same beliefs as the people here believed. I was the first to leave that religion my youngest sister the last,” I said.
“Mistress there is something I read once, it was very old but perhaps the magic could tell you if it's true, or if I've misunderstood it in some way. 'When the Rose comes there will be one who will oppose her and fight against her even betraying her people in hopes of gaining favor with power. She shall be banished to a life that is not life yet will teach the Rose to control the magic that before was always wild.'” June said.
“This was written for only one person to see. The words of the betrayer will bare out the truth of the Rose, for only at the hand of the betrayer will she find comfort from the raging river of magic that has been her companion from birth,” I said.
“I'm the betrayer, aren't I? I betrayed our world to people who believe their god is greater than all,” June said more than asked.
“Only you can answer that June. Only you can decided what your life will be. You can fight for the Rose, or against the Rose, in the end only you can make that choice,” I said.
“I wish I could say I won't make mistakes, but I will promise to own up to my mistakes and not make anymore intentionally,” she said.
We worked together going over what I was doing wrong in the beginner magic that every witch has to master before they can ever become a full coven member. The tweaks that kept me from gaining a grasp on them. True to my word as soon as we hit on what I was doing wrong and corrected it, the correct way was as though it were burned into my mind set, and after going through several other spells any that we came back to I was able to do perfectly and without thought.
“Sam how much longer are you going to be?” Chris asked.
“What do you mean Chris? We just started a few minutes ago,” I said.
“A few hours ago. Sam, it's almost noon and I really would love to have lunch with my wife since she didn't seem interested in having breakfast,” he said.
It was light outside, something that was impossible to tell from inside the room we were in. I looked at the walls of the room and noticed they were scarred from what appeared to be wild magic.
“Those scars happened when you destroyed everything that had been in here, just before you banished me here,” June said.
“Are you hungry June? I know Evelyn has a wonderful kitchen and no doubt Chris has fixed a superb lunch that is more than he and I could begin to eat on our own,” I said.
Chapter 17
“I'm sorry I spent our wedding night going over magic with June. I really didn't mean to do that. It's just once we got started and I realized what I was doing wrong getting the basics of my magic straight seemed important,” I offered as an excuse to Chris.
“I'm not angry Sam. I know gaining control of your magic is important to you,” Chris said.
“You're important to me, too, Chris,” I said.
“I know I am, but I also knew you needed to do what you were doing. Tonight we'll have just us, the girls are at your sisters for the weekend, and we have our new house all to ourselves,” he said.
“I'd like that. Do you think I'm wrong allowing June the chance I'm giving her?” I asked.
“I don't think it's ever wrong to allow someone a chance. I think June acted out of anger, witches had lost their witchcraft whenever they had been bitten in the past, and she knew you were a vampire. I really don't think she believed Kathy when she told her you were the one who restricted everyones magic at the reception because no single witch had ever been able to do something like that before, and you were a vampire in her eyes, not a witch. Now she knows the truth. And just the short time she had been banished showed her that you are who she was sure couldn't be,” he said.
“She'll still make mistakes. I was thinking of having Mac bite her, but I'm not sure he'd be willing. I would like to see the two of them together though, I think they'd make a good match,” I said.
“You mean they're both headstrong?” he asked.
“More than that. I think if push came to shove June would now defend the Rose with everything she has. I know Mac would. I'm just curious which would think their idea of what defending the Rose means would come out on top, or if they would learn to join together against all enemies of the Rose,” I said.
Mac and June both walked in and started dishing up some lunch.
“Ma'am I was wondering I heard you say that the witches that had been bitten and lost their magic could now use their magic again. What about someone whose mother was bitten before they were born?” Mac asked.
I looked over at Mac and only saw the symbol of the vampire on his arm, but then I could only see that arm clearly so if he had a trace of witchcraft the way he was standing I couldn't see, or feel.
“Why do you ask Mac?” I asked.
“All my relatives on my mothers side where witches. From what Nancy told me moms family took her in only because she was still so young and they hoped they would be able to keep her from realizing she was a vampire,” Mac said.
“There were so many wrongs done, the sad part is that many of them are still happening, and will likely continue at least through our generation. Mac I know my daughters were born as vampires and their father gave them both vampire and witch heritage. They are learning to use their witchcraft now and I think perhaps if there are witches in your family it is possible that there always will be. I don't sense any elemental magic in you and I didn't look for it in your sister, so I really don't know,” I said.
“Is there anyway you could find out. I know my sister would rather use witchcraft if she can, and if it's possible for me I think it might be fun to learn, at least a little,” he said.
I looked through to the source of his magic and both doors were there, but only the blood magic door was open or even had a door handle where it could be opened or closed. I drew him in so he could see what I could.
“What's this?” Mac asked.
“It's your access to the source. If there is any chance of you being able to use witchcraft it lies through the door without a handle on it. I can't enter into the room so if you want to be able to use witchcraft it's up to you to find a way of opening that door and keeping it open,” I said.
“And I can't get here without witchcraft or someone who has both to bring me here?” he asked.
“I'm sorry Mac. I didn't make the rules. I have no idea how you can open that door, but I am willing to let you try as long as you aren't going to take forever trying,” I said.
He walked in the room and looked the door over a few times and quite literally riped it from its hinges, breaking it into tiny pieces. I watched as the elemental magic poured into the room flooding him with its power. He staggered as it built in strength, but as long as he was in the room I couldn't help him without killing him.
“Mac if I come in there it will kill you, and I can't help as long as I can't reach you,” I said.
The magic continued to flow into him, but he no longer looked to be in danger from it, he even looked to be relishing the feel of the magic.
He stepped out of the room and we were back eating lunch.
“That was incredible. At first it scared me because it was so unfamiliar. But I knew you were there and wouldn't have shown me if it would have killed me,” he said.
“I almost killed the first person I show that. It was because of my niece Kelli I learned not to show anyone where I draw the magic from,” I said.
“Even with the door torn apart the magic I have access to is still just a trickle to you isn't it?” Mac asked.
“I can draw directly from the source if I take in all the magic I have access to no one would be able to draw on the magic,” I said.
Chris and I finished our lunch, and let Mac know the conditions on June so he could help her understand that while I was giving her this chance she might want to stay well withing the limits and not push for more. He knew me better than anyone except maybe Chris, and he knew I trusted him more than anyone except Chris.
We needed to get back home and try to make the house livable so when the weekend was over the girls would be coming home to a house they wouldn't find to strange or lonely.
Since Chris' and my cars were still at the club we opted to start there and at least get our cars to the house then maybe pickup his bike at the house we were giving to mom and Sarah.
“Chris tell me about what will happen now that your brother and father are no longer able to do anything in this world? Is there enough money for your mother and sister to have a comfortable living?” I asked.
“Mom had a bank account dad didn't know about, I'm not even sure she knew about it since her father never trusted my father. My father thought the five million mom got when they got married was mothers inheritance, but her actual inheritance was put in an account and is well over twenty million dollars,” he said.
“And what about Christie?” I asked.
“She can have the family money when mother passes it on, it's a sure thing we don't need it,” he said.
“But what about now? Chris they're living in your apartment and don't have the money to do much of anything. I know they want to have children and since Christie isn't working, if they have to pay rent would be struggling to get by with just the two of them,” I said.
“What did you have in mind?” he asked.
“Does your mother have access to the money she inherited?” I asked.
“Whenever she wants now that father's gone. As long as he and Jr were around she couldn't touch it,” he said.
“I see, and there's three million in family assets now?” I asked.
“Something like that, yes,” he said.
“What about giving that three million to Christie and letting Evelyn know about the twenty million she has, or if you would rather set it up so they each can only draw a set amount so they can't spend it faster than you can get it to grow,” I said.
“An escrow account? I like that idea. I need to check on mothers house and see if father borrowed against it, and if so what it will cost to clear the deed, or what the payments are. I think I should be able to give each of them four thousand a month without risking the capital for either and that should raise Christie and Jenny's lifestyle to something closer to what Christie was use to growing up,” he said.
It seemed strange how not out of my element I seemed to be, considering how little I had grown up with. Was it because since leaving home I've always had more then I needed? The money didn't really matter to me, as long as I had what I needed.
On Monday Chris was going to see about setting up the escrow accounts and I was going to let Evelyn, Christie and Jenny know they would be receiving four thousand dollars a month at least for now, and possibly more if things worked out favorably in the future.
The remainder of the weekend was uneventful with Chris trying to help me in the kitchen and getting frustrated that I wanted it setup differently than he did.
“Chris is this your kitchen, or mine?”  I asked. “Are you going to be cooking or am I? I don't tell you how to set up the kitchen in the restaurant, well this is my restaurant. I don't fix the fancy meals you do. I cook for a lot fewer people than you do and if I'm going to be doing most of the cooking then shouldn't I get to set up the kitchen how it's most comfortable for me?”
“You're right Sam. I guess I'm just so use to setting up the kitchen for myself and what I'm familiar with. In a way your way of setting it up does make more sense for the smaller meals we'll be making here,” he said.
“Thank you,” I said.
I noticed he had given me a pantry that was as big as the bedroom I shared with Jenny growing up. The racks for the canned goods, each big enough to hold a couple cases of whatever I filled them with. Each of the racks were also marked so it would be easy to know when they were running low so I could get them on the shopping list for restock. I started thinking of what I would put in each rack and noticed there were already some of the canned goods I used most often in my cooking already in the pantry just not in the racks yet.
Each of the racks have a place for putting a label to mark what was in them and that I could just remove the end flap of the box to do the labeling.
It took twenty minutes to get all the canned goods put away in the racks and once that was done noticed bins for floor and sugar that would each easily hold fifty pound bags.
I didn't look forward to lifting fifty pound bags even though there were what appeared to be more then enough to fill all the bins.
“You want some help in there Sam?” Chris asked from the kitchen.
“Are you feeling strong this morning?” I asked.
He came in and noticed all the bags of flour, sugar, beans, and other dried baking supplies. Sitting on the floor next to the bins.
“They were suppose to have all those dumped in those bins and the bins marked as to what was in them. I guess you know what you want in each bin?” he asked.
“Does it really matter? I know some of these bins are better for flour than others are, but I really can't tell which is which,” I said.
“You never had things like this did you?” he asked.
“We never bought in bulk like this. We never had the room or the money,” I said.
“How about if I take care of getting these put away then. Once they're labeled it shouldn't be hard to know which is which and since each of the bins is on wheels they can be moved around however is easiest for you,” he said.
“As long as the flours are all together and so on, however they fit is fine I would just like to keep this pantry so I can find things,” I said.
It took us most of one morning to get the kitchen put away and set up, but once it was done Chris started going through it thinking of the different kinds of meals he could fix. After some time he turned to me and smiled.
“I love the way you set this up. Everything is within easy reach once you have all the ingredient set out to start,” he said.
“Thank you, I'm just glad my madness makes sense to you finally. I know it isn't what your use to, but I hate running around looking for things. It will still seem like I'm having to run around, but I'm not use to having a kitchen this big to cook in,” I said.
We spent the rest of the day going through boxes getting them sorted to what room they should be in and getting them put away. Other than the initial conflict of how the kitchen should be setup everything went very smoothly.
We each had our own room that was our private space and I didn't say anything about how he should set his room up, while he asked me about how I was setting my room up. I wanted a sewing area, but I also wanted somewhere I could work on things not traditionally thought of as something a woman would be interested in like maps and such. As the house started coming together it didn't seem as big as it had when we first started.
“So is it still to big?” he asked.
“I could get use to it,” I said.
“Out back there's a green house for herbs and things that you might want fresh. I don't know if the swimming pool is finished yet. If it is, it probably doesn't have water in it yet, but the hot tub should be full and ready to use, though it might need the heat turned on. How about I check and make sure it's full and the heat turned on and then we can go get some dinner. When we get back we can relax in the hot tub so we aren't stiff in the morning from all the work of getting the house put together,” he said.
It only took him a few minutes and he was ready to go find some dinner. It seemed like it had been forever since the last time I'd had pizza and when I asked about it he started laughing.
“I was thinking the same thing. The best pizza in town is at the club and we could watch some of the guys make fools of themselves while we enjoy our pizza and beer,” he said.
“You're driving, all I care is I don't have to wait too much longer or I'm likely to start looking for something less healthy to eat,” I said.
I winked and he started laughing. The least healthy thing to eat we had in the house was a package of cookies that one of the guys had probably brought for a snack and forgot about
We got to the club and he ordered our pizza and a couple beers. We found the only table not occupied was the one I always seemed to sit at, that was out of the way yet had a great view of everything going on in the club.
Ten minutes after we sat down our pizza was brought out along with a couple more beers.
“Excuse me, could you bring me a margarita instead?” I asked.
“Of course Mistress. Whatever you'd like,” Erica said.
When we got back to the house the hot tub was ready. I started looking for a swimsuit, or bikini, or something and found several, but none that I felt like taking the trouble with putting on, instead pulling on a robe and heading for the hot tub. If Chris didn't like me getting in naked I knew he would say something, but suspected if I did wear something when getting in I wouldn't be when we got out.
I slipped into the water and settled while Chris was still doing something else. I leaned back and found the controls and started the bubbles.
I heard Chris in the other room and closed my eyes letting the hot water and bubbles do their magic, and everything else seemed to just vanish.
Chris finally finished what he had been doing and I felt him slide in the water and work his way around to where I was laid back.
“I thought you might like a glass of champagne,” he said.
I opened my eyes and he held out a champagne glass to me.
“Merci beaucoup cheri. I think I fell asleep waiting for you,” I said.
“I love the swimsuit you're wearing,” he said.
I laughed he had seen me get in the hot tub, and knew I wasn't wearing anything.
I sipped on the champagne without saying anything. I was sure he knew I was in the mood to forget all the troubles of the past day, and start our life together as a married couple.
The bubbles from the champagne tickled my nose as the bubbles of the hot tub worked on loosening the muscles throughout my body. I set the glass on the edge of the hot tub and again closed my eyes enjoying the feel of the hot water and bubbles washing the stress away. I felt Chris' hands on my shoulders and sat up a little letting him slide behind me so he could rub my shoulders a little easier.
Slowly he worked his hands down my back rubbing firmly and pausing on occasion when he would find a tight muscle, and gently work it to loosen the knot so it wouldn't cause me any pain later. His hands moved down to my hips and back up to my shoulders each time coming just a little farther around in front of me until he came up my ribs so softly it was more like a memory than actual contact. He got to my breasts and caressed them in his strong hands squeezing gently and then releasing hoping to get a response of some kind from me. I leaned back against him so he couldn't start going down my back again.
This time there was no mistake what his intent, as his hands traveled down my front, he got to my hips and started working on my upper legs and abdomen. I felt a shiver go through me as he brushed over my pelvis on his way back up to squeeze my breasts some more.
The shocks running through my body were incredible, unlike any magic I could conjure, and for once I truly knew what real magic was. The source of witchcraft and blood magic was noting compared to the magic of love and passion. The magic of two people so devoted to each other nothing else in life mattered as long as they could be together.
I reached back and started trying to find him and got frustrated with how hard it was to do anything the way I was sitting. I tried to turn around so I was face to face with him and found myself held in such a way I couldn't do that either.
He let one of his hands wonder back down and the electricity shot through my entire body and continued to do so until he brought his hand back up the need he was creating was driving me up the wall and I wanted to give him the same kind of pleasure he was giving me.
“If you don't stop tha...” the electricity shot through me again and I felt my whole body stiffen.
I was lost to the feelings he was creating inside me.
He turned me around in his lap and I felt his member at the entrance and wanted nothing more than for it to be inside me.
I moaned and stiffened again as another wave hit. He slid inside me and the wave continued becoming stronger the farther inside me he went. I felt the dam burst and one wave went into another, every muscle of my body tightening up to the point it felt I might burst. I was lost in the passion and wanted nothing more than to let the feeling continue on into infinity.
My breathing was ragged and between the hot water of the tub and the feelings Chris had provoked in me I felt like I was on fire. I needed to cool down, but only wanted to burn hotter. I felt him reach his peak and pushed down on him as hard as I could wanting more and more of him inside me.
He was breathing at least as hard as I was and gradually the spasms slowed until all that was left was the feeling of finally being complete. A complete woman, a complete witch and a complete vampire.
“I'm not happy with you,” I said when I was able to again think clearly.
“Why aren't you happy with me? You did seem to enjoy that,” he said.
“You wouldn't let me do anything but enjoy what you were doing,” I said.
We both laughed since he knew I wasn't really angry and just wanted to have a more active roll in the foreplay.
The rest of the weekend we worked at getting the house setup how we wanted, or I should say how I wanted since he didn't seem to care other than his man cave which I really didn't want any part in.
Clothing was something we wore only if we needed to go out somewhere which for the remainder of the weekend was not at all. We did get dressed on Sunday afternoon though since it seemed some of the neighbors thought it might be a good idea to invite us to go to their church.
“May we help you?” I asked when I answered the door.
“We saw all the trucks and wondered if you were moving in yet. It doesn't seem all that long ago the builders started. It took most of a year for them to get our house where we could start moving in,” Elaine said.
“My husband took care of getting the house built. I don't even know when it was started,” I said.
“We're from the local church. I guess we were hoping maybe to invite you to the services,” Elaine said.
“We don't believe in religion, so no, not interested in going to yours, or anyone else's church,” I said.
“Your atheists then?” Kevin asked.
“You could say that, yes,” I said.
“Is there any chance of talking about the church?” Elaine asked.
“If you want to learn the truth sure, I'm always happy to let people know the truth. There is one problem though my husband is gone a lot and on Wednesday I start my new job,” I said.
“What kind of work do you do?” Kevin asked.
“I'm a Colonel in the Air Force. A company commander,” I said.
“What kind of work does your husband do?” Kevin asked.
“He owns a chain of restaurants and is a Colonel in the Army, also a company commander,” I said.
“I guess you don't have kids then,” Elaine said.
“We have two little girls. Look before this goes much farther we are also motorcycle enthusiasts and tend to have our friends over at all hours of the day and night, so if you see a lot of tough looking men riding motorcycles starting to hang out in the neighborhood, chances are they're our friends, and I can tell you now the police won't do anything about them. We have no use for religion of any kind and do ask that anyone coming here respect our wishes about religion. That means it stays on the other side of our gate,” I said.
“But you said...” Elaine started.
“I said I'm willing to discuss why I think religion is bullshit. I didn't say I would do so in my house, or even on my property,” I said.
“I see. So just how can we discuss it if we can't do so here?” Elaine asked.
“I go for coffee to a coffee shop not far from here. I do my own grocery shopping at the locale market, but not the big box stores. I love getting in a ten mile run in the morning. Any of those places are good places to discuss topics like religion,” I said.
“So what kind of work do you do in the military? If it isn't to presumptuous to ask,” Kevin asked.
“I believe I already answered that. I've been out of the military for the last five years and was a teacher for special forces when I got out. For some reason they think they need my special skills again so have recalled me to active duty,” I said.
“Your special skills?” Kevin asked.
“Most people when they heard my rank and name during the war seemed to think I was in the news all the time. I just have their word to go by since I find the news on the TV and radio to be so biased I can't stand to watch or listen to it. Before you ask, in the war I was Captain Waters White Rose reconnaissance unit commander,” I said.
“You were White Rose...? A couple of the men I work with said they'd be dead if it wasn't for Captain Waters and White Rose,” Kevin said.
“I hear that a lot. I did my job, and had good men under me,” I said.
“So White Rose is back then?” he asked.
“In a way you can't begin to imagine. I'm a Colonel now and will be commanding a full company, not just a reconnaissance unit,” I said.
“I'm sorry we seem to have forgotten our manner Mrs...” Elaine started.
“Jacobs, I'm Samantha Jacobs, and my husband is Christopher Jacobs,” I offered.
“Mrs Jacobs our name is Mathews, Kevin and Elaine Mathews,” Elaine said.
“Tell me something Kevin. Did your mother ever tell you stories about The White Rose? It would likely have been when you were a child,” I asked.
“Dad hated those stories, but my sister and I loved them, why?” he asked.
“Just curious is all. My first Sargent is the one who told them to me, but those stories were the reason for the name of my reconnaissance unit, and since The White Rose has made herself known recently she is the reason for the name of my company,” I said.
“You're telling me The White Rose is a real person?” Kevin asked.
“Is that really so hard to believe?” I asked.
“No, not really, I guess,” he said.
“I didn't think it would be. Perhaps it's time you started training in earnest though. Just in case she might ever need your help,” I said.
“Of course Mistress, I'll always be at your service should you ever need me,” Kevin said.
“Don't worry Elaine, it isn't what you're thinking. I would never take someones husband away from them, but before you try converting me to your religion you should talk to your husband about his beliefs and why he believes the way he does,” I said.
Elaine looked at her husband, and the fact he had never really believed in her religion became clear to her.
Chapter 18
Monday was looking like a very full day, the kids would be coming home and I still had so much to do. I wanted a new motorcycle so I had something to ride and I didn't want to go shopping alone. I knew mom would be willing to watch the girls, but I still wanted to check on them and Liz seemed the perfect candidate to take shopping for a motorcycle.
After Chris left I pulled on a pair of shorts and tank top and headed out the door for my morning run.
On the way back I came by Elaine and Kevin's home and noticed while it was nice it was only about half what our home was. It had less then half as much property as well. Elaine was out tending to a flower bed and came out to the street as I approached.
“Samantha I have a question for you, if it isn't too much trouble,” she said.
I ran over to her property staying in the street so we could talk through the fence.
“It's no trouble at all Elaine, I've got my ten miles in and was just headed back to the house,” I said.
“Kevin told me about the stories his mother told him for bed time, he also said you're The White Rose from those stories,” she said.
“Did he now. You don't believe anyone could fit the character of The White Rose, I take it, especially not me,” I said.
“I don't understand according to one of the stories The White Rose has a mark on each side of her face. One for each of the two known magics, elemental and blood,” she said.
“That's right,” I said.
“But your face is flawless,” she said.
“Thank you. Elaine only someone born, or trained in one of the two kinds of magic can see those marks. I'm sure that's in the stories as well,” I said.
“So you're saying Kevin has one of those kinds of magic, that he was born with it?” she asked.
“Elemental magic. Elaine your husband is a witch, though he was never trained to use his magic. He isn't a very powerful witch, but he is a witch,” I said.
“You mean warlock?” she asked.
“No I mean witch. Warlocks are witches that use their magic for dark purposes. Why they would do that is beyond me since the cost of using dark magic is very high,” I said.
“So magic is benign, it's the person that makes it either good or bad?” she asked.
“Yes, exactly,” I said.
“And you're the queen of the witches?” she asked.
“I'm not the queen of anything, but my own home,” I said.
She reached out to take my hand and I took her into a world she couldn't know.
“What's this?” she asked panic heavy in her voice.
“What does it look like? This is the world that all who have magic can know, but first they must accept who they are and learn to understand the magic they have,” I said.
“Everyone has magic don't they? There's a third kind of magic?” she asked.
“The Rose is fully open now. There was only one magic I hadn't known and the other night I found out I did know it. It is the magic of love, the magic of being willing to give all you are for those you care about. Yes there is a third kind of magic and every person ever born has access to the third and most powerful kind of magic. But like all magic it can be corrupted and changed to dark magic. In its most corrupt form love becomes hate. It would tear at the very existence of the human race,” I said.
“That's why you despise religion isn't it? Because it teaches hate calling it love?” she asked.
“Very good. I won't say there isn't a god, but I know if there is he isn't in religion. Religion is mans way of ensnaring man, of keeping him from being all he can be. It teaches that anything good is of a god they neither believe in, and, or know doesn't exist. Anything good is of their god while anything bad is because you just aren't faithful enough, you aren't following their teachings closely enough,” I said. “I have something I need to show you. It won't be pleasant to witness and trust me it is not something I wanted to happen, but it did happen and I did only what I felt necessary.”
It was my wedding day mid way through the reception and June had just confronted me even knowing she couldn't begin to match the magic I already had in play. I called together my men, those willing to do what they needed if they wanted to be part of my specialty unit. Several of Chris' men gathered as well and in the blink of an eye were at Chris' childhood home. The church Chris and I had both grown up in was gathered in force and there standing next to Chris' father was June. Chris, Evelyn and I were standing next to them in what seemed a blink Evelyn reaching out and taking Jr by the throat crushing his wind pipe and just held him as he realized his life was over.
I opened my mouth and the words boomed so everyone in the area could hear as though I were talking directly to them, each word of condemnation I pronounced bringing more and more of those gathered to the ground dead. As I said the final words June shifted and became transparent.
I looked at Evelyn sure she was going to kill her husband as well as her stepson and she just stood there still holding Jr by the throat his lifeless body hanging limp.
“Please Samantha, why are you showing me this?” Elaine asked.
“So you can understand just how corrupt your religion can be. The man standing in front of my mother-in-law was her stepson. The older man standing there was her husband and my father-in-law. Both of those men were in the hierarchy of your religion. Did you see the things in the room before I destroyed them? They were all instruments of torture. They had all been used on my people, people of the two kinds of magic, but more they had been used on your people as well. Any who refused to submit to the authority of those two men were tortured until they did submit,” I said.
“What happened to the older man?” she asked.
“He found out the hell he preached really wasn't all that bad after all. Through my magic I can transport living people to any location in this world, but I can also transport them to other dimensions. June the woman who appears transparent is shifted out of phase where no one can see, hear or feel her, yet she can see, hear and feel them. She cannot leave the room she is in as long as she is out of phase, nor can she take her own life or be killed by anyone other than myself,” I said.
“So you can still see her?” she asked.
“I could still see her, yes, but Let's not get ahead of things here, my father-in-law still has not been dealt with,” I said.
I started the spell and a thread fell in the wrong place and I dropped the weave letting it collapse. There had to be a way for me with all the power at my fingertips to accomplish what I needed, but I hadn't paid enough attention last time and I didn't know the spell. Again I started the spell and again let it collapse because it didn't seem right.
“Can you see the spell I'm weaving?” I asked.
“Yes, but I don't understand, you don't finish it,” she said.
“Because it's wrong. The spell is the kind that without the help of a fully trained witch I couldn't understand, but did have enough knowledge to know it wasn't what I wanted. The woman I had banished was a fully trained witch and knew that spell and many others I didn't know yet,” I said.
“But you banished her for revealing your world to those who wanted to destroy it,” she said.
“She wanted to challenge me earlier that night, to challenge my right to be coven leader of White Rose coven. She had several other witches ready to stand with her, but I cast a spell that as soon as they entered my wedding reception stripped them of their magic,” I said.
“You could do that?” she asked.
“My magic could do that just as when I banished her my magic went out to all the people gathered killing any who sought control of others by whatever means necessary. My magic knew the spell I needed, but it wasn't going to help me, not in this. It was time I learned control of the magic instead of letting the magic control me,” I said.
“So what did you do? Surely you didn't let a traitor to your people out of her banishment,” Elaine said.
“I could have called my oldest sister, but I didn't want her seeing the destruction my magic was capable of. My sister had been coven leader before me, she's the one who gave me the position of coven leader for a wedding present,” I said.
“So you called her?” she asked.
“No, I had access to her former second the woman I banished. The woman who when she realized what I had done to her begged me to kill her instead. I went to June and asked her if she would help me, if she would tell me what I was doing wrong. I offered her back a life as a mortal if she would help me. I allowed her just enough magic to see the threads so she could see what I was doing wrong,” I said.
“So she isn't between worlds any longer?” Elaine asked.
“I had seen the spell done before, but hadn't paid much attention until it was almost done and then I altered the weave sending the dead and condemned to a place even I won't go. As soon as June got me to the point were I had taken over the thread before I no longer needed her help to finish the spell, before she could help, I finished and cast, all the dead and condemned vanishing, leaving the area looking like it had never seen the ravages of battle that had been there only moments before. For the next several hours June helped me to understand the magic in a way I hadn't seen it before, she accepted me as who she knew I was, someone she hadn't believed could exist, The White Rose,” I said.
I released her hand and we were standing were we had been standing.
“That was all real wasn't it?” she asked.
“Your heart knows the truth, Elaine. Just as your heart knows the religion you have followed is built on lies it knows the truth of what you have just seen,” I said.
“I don't know how to leave the church,” she said.
“I can't tell you how to leave the church. I do know that right now you have a magic that is on an edge, it can be as powerful as any magic I have as The White Rose, but only if it stays pure, if you accept corruption of that magic you'll find yourself on a downward spiral that will make us mortal enemies and the hell I gave my father-in-law could end up being your fate,” I said.
She gave me a look of pure terror.
“Elaine I will tell you that if you ever feel threated all you have to do is call and either my husband or I will be there to help. As you saw the church has no power over me, and my husband, while not as good with elemental magic is very good at using his blood magic, so they have very little they can do against him either. If however you think the church can offer more then we can...” I left the last thought hanging.
“You would be willing to stand up to them for me?” she asked.
“With you, not for you. I'm willing to help, I'm not willing to make the stand for you. That you have to do yourself. I'm willing to make them understand that regardless of what they want you are free to make your own decisions,” I said.
“That's what I meant, I think. I have an appointment tomorrow morning with the church leaders, I think they're going to ask me to take a job in the church. I think I would rather make it about me getting out of the church. Would you be willing to go with me to that meeting?” she asked.
“Change the meeting to my home and I can attend it with you. If it's at the church I'm sorry, but I swore I would never set foot in one of their buildings again. If I did the roof would quite literally come down,” I said.
“How do you know so much about the church?” she asked.
“I was born and raised in it. At the age of twelve I stopped going and learned to make the Sunday meal to get out of going. My oldest sister stopped going after she got married and started learning about her magic,” I said.
“What if I can get them to come here. Samantha I don't want to violate the rules you have at your home,” she said.
“What time tomorrow?” I asked.
“Probably about seven,” she said.
“I'll be here, but be warned if you're thinking of setting a trap for me, you'll find I'm very good at turning a trap in on itself, so it catches the person who set it,” I said.
I needed to get home so I could change and go shopping. I wanted a motorcycle, and today was the best day for me to go find one.
I didn't bother going back up to the house I had seen the motorcycle outfit Chris had gotten me and figured if I was going to be buying a bike I wouldn't want to have my car.
“Hi mom!” I called out.
“I didn't hear your car dear,” Mom said.
“I didn't bring my car. I'm going shopping for a motorcycle and if I have my car I'll be stuck with trying to get it home as well as the motorcycle,” I said.
“So you're using your magic?” Mom asked.
“That's what it's for isn't it?” I asked.
Mom rolled her eyes and let it drop.
“Mom is there any chance of you watching the girls today while I go shopping?” I asked.
“I kind of guessed I would be since Kathy called and asked if I knew where you are, and if you where ever going to go pick them up,” Mom said.
“Is she bringing them over or are you suppose to go get them?” I asked.
“Brent will drop them off on his way to work since he has to come this direction anyway,” Mom said.
“I'll try not to be to long,” I said.
“Honey you just got married, I can fully understand you wanting some time, and I don't get to spend near enough time with those little angels of yours anyway,” Mom said.
I gave mom a hug and thanked her for being so understanding. I really didn't want to be apart from the girls, but I needed moral support for the meeting tomorrow night and wanted to see if my two best friends were willing to give that support.
“Hello Liz. How would you like to go shopping with me?” I asked when she answered her door.
“Um... I love the outfit Sam, but it seems something' is missing,” she said.
“That's what we'd be shopping for. So you want to go with?” I asked.
“Can I change into something a little more appropriate first?” she asked.
“Of course, but don't take to long or I'll see if Debra wants to go first,” I said.
“It might be better to talk to her first then,” Liz said.
“You have something else going on right now don't you?” I asked.
“Sam you know there isn't anything I wouldn't do for you, but it would be easier for me to get away in about an hour,” she said.
“This isn't an emergency Liz, so take care of your business and we can go when I get back. I really do need to talk to you though,” I said.
I gave her a hug and headed back down to see if Debra was busy.
“Liz called and said you were on your way. She wasn't kidding about how you're dressed,” Debra said when she answered her door.
“Care to go with to find the right wheels to go with this outfit, maybe get an outfit for you?” I asked.
“I'm not really into bikes, Sam. I guess I just never thought about them all that much, but sure I'd be willing to go with. You look like you need someone to talk to,” Debra said.
She called out to Danielle letting her know she needed to leave for a little while and would be back as soon as she could.
I asked if she wanted to do the magic, or if she trusted me to handle it.
“Sam there isn't anything I wouldn't trust you with, and since you're the one who knows what you're looking for, maybe you should do it,” she said.
As soon as she stopped talking we were standing around the corner from one of the several bike dealers in town.
“Shall we?” I said.
“You make that seems so easy. I haven't mastered a smooth transition yet and we would have both been laying on the ground if I tried it,” she said.
I laughed and she joined me in laughing as we walked into the dealership. I started looking at the big bikes like the one Chris had and noticed one that had much the same look to it only smaller.
“May I help you ladies?” a salesman asked.
I looked at the guy cautiously, something about the way he asked said he would do everything he could to sell us anything he could, but what I really wanted.
“Sure my friend here is looking for something a little more conducive to riding motorcycles. I'm sure you can find something like that for her can't you?” I asked.
“I'm sure I could, but it does seem you're more interested in the motorcycles,” he said.
“Why don't you help my friend and not worry about what I'm doing, if I need help I'm sure I can find someone here that is more than capable of helping,” I said.
Debra gave me a dirty look, but started toward the clothing on display.
“I love how you handled him. That motorcycle you're looking at comes with all the features its big brother comes with, the big difference is it's built more for a woman,” Erica said.
“This one has all the bells and whistles, I imagine,” I said.
“No not all of them, but then I can't imagine seeing The White Rose on a bike that color, and we do have one in back that does have all the bells and whistles along with a paint job more along the lines of what I imagine The White Rose riding,” Erica said.
I finally looked at the woman talking and smiled.
“How long will it take to have the paperwork done, Erica?” I asked.
“Not long, Chris called and said you might be in,” she said.
“And you took that to mean I would be?” I asked.
“Something like that. It will take about twenty minutes before the bike is ready, and we should be able to have the paperwork done by then,” she said.
“Is she safe with him?” I asked.
“She's a witch, of course she's safe. A better question would be is he safe with her?” Erica said.
“She's still learning her magic,” I said.
“I notice you marked her. Mind if I ask why?” Erica asked.
“She's one of my best friends and her baby is a vampire. She doesn't fully understand how dangerous it is to let her daughter feed on her. Now that she's marked as mine no vampire would be foolish enough to feed on her without asking me first,” I said.
“That makes sense, I guess I'm marked that way too, aren't I?” she asked.
“Yes Erica you are,” I said.
“And you refuse to feed even knowing I don't mind. You're unusual, Mistress,” she said.
The paperwork didn't take long at all since it was mostly completed before I arrived. I kept watch on Debra keeping the salesman busy. She insisted on trying on several outfits until she came on a pair of leather short shorts with a rose on each rear pocket, and a leather halter that had a rose covering the nipples of each breast. Once she had the outfit on she refused to take it back off looking to find a pair of boots to match.
I saw the mechanics pushing a bike out front and looked at Erica.
“That's the bike I just bought?” I asked.
“It's gorgeous isn't it,” she said.
“The clothes Debra's wearing, could you make sure they get added to the bill. I seriously doubt we'll be able to get her out of them any time soon,” I said.
“Of course Mistress,”
“One more thing Erica. The bike I was looking at on the floor. Could you have the paperwork ready for me to sign when I get back a little later. I need to go get the other half of the Rose contingent, and she will no doubt want an outfit just like the one Debra's wearing,” I said.
“Of course Mistress. Would you like me to keep Debra here until you get back?” Erica asked.
“If you don't mind. Her and Liz are the same size so keep her busy finding clothes for the two of them that might meet with the stories of the Rose contingent,” I said.
“You really are The White Rose then?” Erica asked.
“So everyone keeps telling me, chances are though you'll almost never hear me say it,” I said.
Erica walked me out to the motorcycle letting me know if I ever needed anything for either me, or Debra and Liz she would always be willing to do whatever she could.
For now all I needed was for her to do what she could to keep Debra there until I got back. Thus, far I hadn't told either of them just what it was I wanted from them and I felt it would be better if I held off until I knew whether or not they were the women I needed. When I got back with Liz and saw whether or not she wanted to dress as Debra I wouldn't really know.
“Liz, are you ready?” I asked.
“You are prompt, aren't you? I just finished what I needed to take care of let me tell Carla I'm leaving and I'm ready,” she said.
She walked out and gasped seeing the new bike I had and ran over climbing on behind me.
“You weren't kidding about getting a new bike were you? I think I'd give just about anything if I could have a bike like this,” she said.
“What if it doesn't have quite as many bells and whistles? Liz when we get to the dealers I need to know a couple things some of which you won't be able to tell me, but I'll know before we leave there. One thing you can tell me however is if you can come over to my new house tomorrow about five-thirty, and if so bring Debra with you?” I asked.
“It's something important isn't it?” she asked.
“Yes, but I don't want an answer until you've had time to think about it. What I'm asking could be dangerous,” I said.
“I don't need to think about an answer to come see your new home at five-thirty tomorrow, I'd love to and I have no problem bringing Debra with. The part you want us to think about is the part that might be dangerous that you aren't exactly asking,” she said.
“You're right it is.”
I gunned the motor popping the clutch hoping she would grab around my waist to stay on. It was much easier to share what I really wanted to know that way and get a true response just as I had received from Debra.
It took everything I had to keep the front wheel from coming off the ground as the bike accelerated down the street, by the time I slowed for the turn I knew I could count on Liz just as I knew I could Debra. They were who I thought they were and it was going to take some time to train them, but I knew they both were up to the task.
I pulled into the dealer parking next to the bike that would be Liz and Debra's as my Roses.
“You fucking bitch. I can't believe you left me with that fucking idiot salesman,” Debra said.
“You look like a Rose to me Debra. Besides your craft is such that he shouldn't have been too much for you to handle,” I said.
“He's in there making passes at a mannequin, but that shouldn't keep him busy for much longer,” Debra said.
“Imaginative, you'll have to show me that one sometime. Surely Erica told you I'd be right back,” I said.
“She did, which was the only reason I didn't call a cab,” Debra said.
Debra took Liz to show her the biking clothes asking Liz to try on anything that had a rose on it, and in turn letting her pick out what she thought Debra would look good in.
“The paperwork is all ready for your signature Mistress,” Erica said.
“Erica you could always try calling me Sam in public, I do understand if you would rather not in private, but in public I would rather that, then Mistress,” I said.
“Of course mis... Sam. I'll try to remember,” she said.
It was a simple matter to sign all the paperwork taking possession of both motorcycles. I had a feeling this dealership was another of Chris' investments like the club and the restaurant were, where he was soul owner.
I took the keys for the second bike and tossed them to Liz letting her know it was the one we parked next to when we arrived.
“Liz I expect you to take good care of that bike, if it needs anything you bring it here, is that understood?” I asked.
“What if it needs gas?” she asked.
“Don't be a smart ass Liz. When you're on that bike you represent me since you felt becoming one of my Roses wasn't too much to ask, and your partner in crime is that foxy little minx you've been playing dress up with. You're the blood magic to her elemental magic. Do you think you can keep that straight?” I asked.
“I guess when you put it that way. I suppose you'll want us to get some kind of training,” Liz asked.
“You met Mac Denvers, I want you getting in touch with him. He'll give you both a schedule of training and I do expect you to follow that training guideline. If it'll make it easier I'd be happy to join you for your training in the mornings over the next month, but if I do the workout will likely be a lot harder since I'll expect you to keep up,” I said.
“We agreed to become your Roses? Sam if what I've heard of The White Rose's Roses... oh-my-god, no Sam, no. I don't think I can. What about... shit, please Sam isn't there someone else better qualified, like your sister Kathy?” Debra stuttered ad stammered.
“Are you saying you won't, Debra?” I asked.
“I'd do anything you ask me to Sam, but become a Rose, I feel so... so...” she stuttered again.
“I'm sorry Sam I don't remember anything about what Debra is talking about in any of the stories I've heard,” Liz said.
“You both know more about the stories than I do, all I know is I trust both of you, and believe your both capable of doing what needs to be done when I can't be here,” I said.
“So you're saying we'd be acting on your behalf when you can't be here for some reason,” Debra asked.
“Debra, Kathy was the first person I asked, and she accepted gladly. Even when I'm here she is acting coven leader, that makes her one of my Roses,” I said.
“But she's a fully trained witch and I'm not, I'm not really even that strong of a witch,” Debra said.
“When you learn to combine your magic with Liz's you are,” I said.
“And just how are we suppose to do that?” Debra asked.
“I don't know, but I'm sure if you try you'll find a way. Something about the two shall be come one, or something like that,” I said.
I knew how to combine the two magics since I had both, but they were two different people and I was telling them to become one in nature, but weren't they already one in nature? Didn't they already have something in common from which to start? They were both linked to me as I was linked to Mac. Through friendship and respect. That was the key to becoming one. Mac didn't need me to tell him what needed to be done, and I knew neither of these ladies needed me to tell them either, all they needed was to know it was possible.
“Debra I know you've been told that a witch and a vampire can't work together as one, that the two magics can't be combined, yet how many times have you seen me combine the two magics? Liz I know everything about your magic says that elemental magic is its enemy, yet I'm living proof that the two magics are not enemies of each other, since they coexist in perfect harmony in me,” I said.
“But what you're asking us to do is do what you've done without either of us having access to the others magic,” Debra said.
“I'm asking you to work together, to become more than you are separately. Your friends aren't you? I'm asking you to become sisters. To learn to be what you were born to be. I love both of you as family I thought you both knew that, my marriage should have told you that, since only those I consider to be family were invited to the actual wedding,” I said.
Chapter 19
“Mac I need them trained to work together,” I said.
“But you said they're already working together,” Mac said.
“And they are, but not as they should be. Do you remember when White Rose was at its best? I didn't have to give orders because you all knew what my orders would be if I did. We had gone beyond the standard of working together to being a single force in goal and purpose. That's what I need from them. When they're working as the force they need to be, as one person able to know what the other is doing simply because they have the same purpose,” I said.
“I don't think that's something that can be taught Sam. It was love that made the White Rose what it was. Your love. There wasn't a man in the unit that didn't know you loved them, that you'd do anything for them. Only love can make that kind of bond, and from what I've seen they already have that. They just need to learn to trust in that love the way we all did,” he said.
“Then teach them. Train them to become dependent on their love for each other. No not dependent. Understanding would be a better choice of words. Help them learn to know they'll be there for each other no matter what,” I said.
“I think I know some people who'll be able to do that. Sam the guys from the old unit that didn't want to do what was needed to join the new White Rose specialty unit still know what we were. They still know what it was like and I'm sure they could help those two girl learn to understand that unless they know they can count on each other they'll never be more then they are individually,” Mac said.
“Love the third magic, the magic that binds people together making them one. If you're sure they can manage it, by all means. The only reason I can't allow them in the new unit is because unlike the old unit the new unit will be up against those who can wield the kind of magic we have that they don't want,” I said.
“I guessed that much and I know how hard it was for you each time you thought you were sending one of us to our death. Don't forget though we can still die, it's just not as easy to kill us as it is those without our kind of magic,” he said.
“One in purpose, Mac. Love gives that. I love both of those girls, as much as I love the men who I have served with. I hope they can learn to love each other that much,” I said.
“It'll take a couple days to get everything arranged,” Mac said.
“You have until Wednesday, then we start training for the specialty unit, and will be getting some of the men to fill out the company. Until I find an officer I can accept as second in command you're my second, and even after I find an officer you'll still be my second in all but name,” I said.
“I guess that means I'm going to be busy getting everyone situated then. How about if I get Curtis to help me get things setup for our training and Micky could handle getting the newbie company members situated,” he said.
“Do what you think best Mac, but remember there will be officers in the company ranks and those I better deal with personally since I doubt any of them will understand that the enlisted men in the specialty unit have my complete trust and in my book out rank anyone but me,” I said.
Chris walked in as Mac and I finished going over what we could expect over the next few days. Mac and I both looked at him and smiled.
“Don't let me interrupt. I thought you might be interested to know Jason sent over some files for you to look through,” Chris said.
“You aren't interrupting dear, we just finished. So are you letting me have first look or have you already gone through them?” I asked.
“You know me to well sometimes. I'm not sure there's anyone there I would want, or even suggest,” Chris said.
I looked at the files and the name on the first file was one I knew. Chuck called me in to see if I was willing to help one of the trainees he thought would make a great addition to the special forces.
I shifted that file and the next one was again someone I knew and felt certain would be able to do what I needed.
As I looked at the names on the other files I saw three names I wanted no part of, like the first two I had helped with their training. Unlike the first two they thought they knew more than I did, and had a better way of doing things and nothing I could say or do would make them fit for my company let alone my specialty unit. None of the rest of the names on the files meant anything to me, so I set them aside to go over later.
“I take it those two are people you know and want, while those three you want nothing to do with.” Chris said pointing at the two sets of files.
“You could say that. These two are both young and inexperienced, but they're willing to learn and they both already know how I feel about those in my command. The other three again are young and inexperienced, don't like the book tactics, or anyone with real world experience telling them how things should be. They'd get men killed. If it were just themselves they might get killed that would be one thing, but chances are they'd get a lot more men than just themselves killed,” I said.
“Real winners then. Thanks for the heads up about them they were the only ones I saw I might consider based on what's in their files. I'm guessing all five of them you helped train,” he said.
“Those three came through when I was getting ready to get out. They were far enough into their training they were assigned to one of the units that was suppose to stop the class that marked my separation. All three of them were declared dead within moments of the first encounter, and because they refused to follow protocol got four men hurt bad enough to land them in the hospital,” I said.
“Why wasn't that in their files?” Chris asked.
“Because I couldn't prove they were the cause,” I said.
“At least we know they'll never wear a Rose now,” Chris said.
“Do you know if Liz and Debra are here yet?” I asked.
“They're in with the girls, I thought you said you needed to be at the neighbors about six-thirty, so why did you ask them to come over at five-thirty?” he asked.
“Because they're going with me. Didn't you see how they're dressed?” I asked.
“I saw what they arrive on too. That bike Liz was riding looks an awful lot like that one you bought for yourself,” he said.
“They're my Roses, Chris. They'll be dealing with things here for me when I can't be here. If you wouldn't mind letting them know I still have a few things to deal with here, I'd appreciate it,” I said.
I wanted the two I selected reporting to me first thing in the morning if possible, I knew both were magical and fully trained, I wasn't sure if they were White Rose or not and for the company that wouldn't matter. I really hoped they were White Rose so they could be on my specialty unit, but either way I wanted them in White Rose company.
“Jason I have two people from the files you sent me, I want them in my company if not in my specialty unit, so if you can have them report to me no later than tomorrow evening, and tomorrow morning would be better,” I said.
“It would help if I had names Sam,” Jason said.
“Lieutenant Jessica Sanders, and Seaman Cody Bennett. Jason no matter what I want them,” I said.
“I'll have them there first thing in the morning, along with the rest of the files I have for you to look through. Sam what about filling out your company? Are you willing to accept whoever the pentagon assigns, or did you want to pick at least the officers?” Jason asked.
“They can assign whoever they want, but I reserve the right to send anyone that can't fit in packing and three of the files I have here I would send packing as soon as they set foot on base. I don't want or need them,” I said.
We talked a few more minutes and I told him I really needed to get going I had people waiting for me.
“Okay Sam, we know you didn't invite us here just so you could ignore us.” Liz said as I walked out of my office.
“You're right I didn't, and I do apologize I didn't expect to get tied up so long, but General Talbot sent over some files and I wanted to get a couple people here as soon as possible. Did Chris or the girls show you around?” I asked.
“The girls did. Now, are you going to tell us the real reason you want us here?” Debra asked.
I looked back at my office door thinking about taking them there to talk and decided that wouldn't be a good idea with the files I had on the desk. I looked at the clock and realized we needed to get going anyway so told them we could talk while we walked.
I headed out the drive and turned to the right making sure each of them stayed with me.
“I have a neighbor here that said she wants out of the church. She asked me if I'd be willing to stand with her when she told the church leaders in the area she wanted no part with them any longer,” I said.
“You don't trust her. That's why you want us here.” Liz said.
“Don't be silly Liz. Why would I need you here when I can kill hundreds in seconds? The reason I want you here is, this is the kind of thing you'll be dealing with when I'm not here. I just want you to know what you might be getting into and why you need to learn to depend on each other,” I said.
We talked about ways they could join their magic together so they could be stronger than they were without needing to share in each others magic. We got to Elaine and Kevin's home with half an hour to spare before the time Elaine asked me to be there.
“Do you two trust me enough to do what I say when I say?” I asked.
“I think so,” Debra said.
“You know I'm not afraid to be the worst kind of vampire Sam. I'll do whatever you ask,” Liz said never giving any hint she wasn't sure she wouldn't be able to.
“Debra it's crucial that you be sure. If I can't count on you to do what I say when I say you aren't any good to me, or Liz, if things start going wrong. If this is a trap I can turn it on itself, but I'm asking you to help me do that. The next time I might not be here to help,” I said.
“I'll do whatever you ask. I know you wouldn't ask if you didn't believe I could,” Debra said.
“Then it's time,” I said.
I changed into my Mistress outfit which I knew would terrify most people when they became aware it wasn't just for show. We were standing on the front porch of the house before Debra or Liz even noticed I had changed not only my clothes but theirs as well.
“Relax girls this is the outfit you'll wear whenever you're acting in my behave, I'm sure you'll find them easy to move around in, and that they won't get in the way of doing the job,” I said.
“That was a simple enough spell you used. Even with how fast you did it I was able to follow,” Debra said.
Liz reached to ring the bell and the door opened.
“Hello Kevin. I know I'm early, but I think being early is always better than being late,” I said.
“They're already here and waiting for you Mistress,” Kevin said.
“Is Elaine involved in setting the trap?” I asked.
“No Mistress, I don't think she's capable of something like that.”
I looked at both of my Roses and watched as understand sank in. The trap was for me and me alone. Neither of these ladies doubted I could handle this on my own, but knew I was going to let them handle it unless they failed.
Liz skirted around to the right while Debra went to the left with Kevin showing no sign he had seen either of them.
“Elaine, Sam's here,” Kevin said.
I was shown inside and escorted to the back yard.
“Sam I...” Elaine started,
“It's quite alright Elaine. Keep in mind what I told you about the most powerful magic of all. I didn't lie to you and am willing to help if I can,” I said.
“So the bitch came dressed as the monster she is.” I had no idea who this person was, but they were less then a second away from death if they did anything other than speak.
“You don't know who it is you're fucking with George Tanner. So you understand you are a breath away from death if you or any of those you have with you make threat to toward The White Rose,” Debra said from her place of concealment a web woven that once cast would send any trapped by it into a hell they didn't even know existed.
“Mistress the rankness of the blood flowing through the veins of these hypocrites is beyond words even death is not so foul a stench,” Liz said standing next to the man who had spoken prepared to break his neck if he so much as gave me a look she didn't like.
“Mr Tanner, it seems you failed to understand who you would be facing, either that or you didn't believe what you were told,” I said,
I knew Elaine couldn't have told them the stories, but looking at Kevin I could see he could and did.
“I have no doubt of who you are Mrs Jacobs, I'm just curious why you think we should be afraid of you,” Mr Tanner said.
“You shouldn't be as long as you leave my people alone. Allow those who wish to leave your church the chance to leave and I have no reason to show my power. However, continue to persecute my people, or any that wish to leave your church and you will see my power manifest. You will cry to your god and receive no answer since your god is impotent to the powers of magic. Turn your heart back to truth and the hell that awaits you might be averted,” I said.
“I have fifteen men here with me and you're but one person, and you expect me to believe we can't win?” he said.
“Fifteen men are as nothing to The White Rose in her anger. Fifteen hundred men are as nothing to the power of she who is first born of the elements and the blood,” Debra said letting her concealment fall.
“Fifteen hundred times fifteen hundred cannot match the might of the first born of blood and element. Her compassion is great, but so to is her anger. She is quick to forgive, but her judgment is sure and true,” Liz said dropping her concealment and the fact that Mr Tanner could have long since been dead without even knowing his life was in danger.
“My Roses Mr Tanner, and the power they have is as a drop of water in the ocean to the power I can command. Kevin and Elaine are under the protection of The White Rose, they are my people and it would be wise for you and your men to leave now, and not return, or my Elemental Rose will cast the web she has spun and none of you shall ever again see those you profess to love in this life again, you will find the hell you teach of is nothing to the hell you would find yourselves in,” I said.
Fear entered his eyes for the first time since I had been shown into the back yard. He looked at Kevin and Elaine and asked if they wanted out, both of them nodding they did.
“One day Mrs Jacobs you'll find we're not as weak as you seem to think we are,” he said.
He turned to the men he had with him and nodded and they all started toward the gate leading to the front yard.
“Mr Tanner, I still don't think you understand who I am. I know you don't believe in the god you teach, it shows in the fear you feel at knowing you've lost this round. So you can better understand perhaps you should talk to the people from your church where I grew up and again to the people from the church where my Roses live. Ask them what happened when they faced The White Rose. I'm sure the tale will open your eyes to how fortunate you are here today to be walking away with a chance of changing your life. My Rose of blood was the one that commented about the stench of your blood, since she is a vampire she doesn't need an open sore to smell someones blood, but trust me her sense of smell is no where near as acute as mine,” I said.
“Neither vampires nor witches exist Mrs Jacobs. They are creatures of fantasy only,” Mr Tanner said.
I let my fangs extend showing him that fantasy isn't always what you might think it is.
“Of course they don't exist. Neither do any of the other creatures of magic. This night was all just a bad dream,” I said.
As they headed for their cars they each disappeared as Debra transported them to their ever so precious church.
“They'll still have to come back for their cars Debra, that is unless you intend to transport them as well,” I said.
“You mean like this?” she said casting another transportation spell.
“That wasn't very nice. Funny, but not nice,” I said.
“Where did they go?”
“The same place as the men who had been here. Back to their precious church. Unlike the men however all but one of the cars is now on top of their church building,” I said.
“And the one not on top of the building?” Elaine asked.
“It's in the sanctuary. It also happens to be the biggest of the cars and there's no way for a mortal to get it out without taking it completely apart and carrying it out piece by piece,” I said.
“I was just trying to be helpful. After all people like us don't exist, you heard what he said,” Debra said.
Even Elaine laughed, though I doubted she knew exactly what it was she was laughing about.
“What's so funny?” Chris asked.
Everyone else turned at Chris' question, while I knelt down and Kathy and Nicole ran into my arms.
“Where Debra parked that big ugly Rolls Royce we've seen running around the neighborhood,” I said.
“And where might that be, and why?” Chris asked.
“Why is simple. It belongs to an egotistical moron that said something about us only existing in fantasy,” Debra said.
“And where did you park it?” Chris asked.
“At the church he belongs to, along with a few other cars of some other morons that believed whatever he told them to believe,” Debra said.
“Okay wrong question. Where at their church?” Chris asked.
“The Rolls would be the only one you can't really see from outside, though the others would probably be easier to see from the air than the ground. Hey I didn't scratch any of them in fact I fixed a few scratches and dents on them,” Debra said.
“You put them on the roof of the building? They'll have to have a crane to get them down without taking them apart. And the Rolls?” he asked.
“It needed to be protected from the elements. I mean who would ever park a car like that out in the weather?” Debra said.
“You put it inside the building? Absolutely no way of getting a car that size out of the building in one piece without doing a lot of damage to the building,” Chris said.
“At least it's out of the weather,” Debra said.
Everyone started laughing again as Chris finally understood what we all found so funny.
“Elaine I would love for you to meet my husband and best friend, Colonel Christopher Jacobs, commander of Rose company. Chris this is Elaine and Kevin our new neighbors,” I introduced.
I introduced Kathy and Nicole and found out Elaine and Kevin didn't have any children though they did hope to have a couple one day.
They invited us in and offered drinks though they didn't have any alcohol in the house. 
“I'd love to have you join us for dinner on Sunday, say you'll come and I'll let Chris cook, something he doesn't get to do very often at home,” I said.
Elaine and Kevin looked at each other and Liz and Debra both asked if that invitation was to them as well.
“The more the merrier. Besides the more people you're cooking for the easier it is, to a certain point,” Chris said.
“It would just be the eight of us then?” Elaine asked.
“Actually no. Sunday is our family dinner and everyone considered family is invited and I hope will show up,” I said.
“I'm guessing you count Mac as family?” Chris asked.
“He's my big brother why shouldn't I count him as family,” I said.
“I was just asking. If he's going to be there I would like to know before starting so I can be sure to have enough to go around,” Chris said.
“That's easy just figure on him being there and if he isn't we'll have leftovers for the next week,” I said.
“I'm guessing this Mac is a really big guy?” Kevin asked.
“You couldn't ask for a nicer guy than Mac. He and I go back to our special forces training, and have been together ever since. I think Chris and I are the only people Mac might be afraid of and he's more afraid of letting us down than anything,” I said.
“Everybody's afraid of letting you two down Sam, not just Mac, and it's more afraid of letting you down then letting Chris down,” Liz said.
“I see so I'm not as important as my wife, is that it?” Chris protested.
“It's not that Chris. It's just you aren't The White Rose, Sam is.” Debra chimed in.
“If you two are going to start that I'm leaving. I didn't ask to be any better than anyone else and I won't be treated as though I'm better than anyone else, especially not my husband.”
“I don't think that came out right. Sam I meant that as a compliment and kind of a dig at Chris, since he thinks its great sport to throw digs like that at us all the time,” Debra said.
I looked at Chris and saw him smiling and nodding that he did indeed throw barbs at them every chance he got.
I was surrounded by children and it seemed the most immature people at the moment weren't Kathy and Nicole who were supposed to be the only children there.
Chapter 20
My first day in my new office on base and all I wanted to do was go back home and take care of my girls. What was I doing going back to special forces? We weren't at war any longer. Sure there were plenty of things going on around the world that called for companies like mine, but the government had already shown they didn't need me. Let someone else handle the problems so I could have the time to protect what was mine to protect.
“Colonel we were told to report to you,” Lieutenant Sanders said.
I heard them come in, but didn't think much of it since it seemed someone was coming or going since I had gotten here.
“Please have a seat, and I'll be right with you. Seaman you can set those files on the floor there if you would.” I pointed to the end of my desk.
They both looked so young and I sensed fear in them, I finished the paperwork I was doing and looked up to see both of them still standing at attention.
“I guess you didn't hear me about taking a seat,” I said.
“Ma'am, Lieutenant Sanders...” Jessica started again.
“I know who both of you are and I asked you to please have a seat. I have no intention of straining my neck looking up at either of you,” I said.
They both looked for the chairs on their side of the desk.
“I'm sorry ma'am.” Jessica said as she settled into the chair at attention.
“Would you two please relax. No one here cares about proper protocol, until today I've been inactive reserve and I'm afraid I wasn't really that big on protocol even when I was active duty,” I said.
I watched as they both settled back in their chairs.
“I know both of you know who I am outside of this uniform and it's because I think both of you have a lot of potential that I requested you,” I asked.
“You requested us ma'am?” Cody asked showing me he could talk.
“Yes Cody I requested you. I remember when both of you were stationed here, and how much trouble you were having, until what was left of my unit and I helped you understand what being special forces is all about. My hope is you both held onto what you learned and are ready to prove you're the best,” I said.
“With all respect Colonel Jacobs it was Captain Waters and his White Rose that helped me over come the obstacles I had in my training for special forces,” Jessica said, and Cody nodded his agreement.
“Who am I Jessica? Cody? Who am I other than Colonel Jacobs? What did they tell you, you were coming here for?” I asked.
“Mistress you're The White Rose, I wasn't told why I was being sent here only that I was to report to you this morning,” Jessica said.
Cody didn't say anything only sat there with a confused look on his face.
“Jessica my married name is Jacobs, my maiden name is Waters. I was given these eagles to come back on active duty and put the White Rose back together. You were sent here to become part of White Rose company, but I'm hoping you have what it takes to become part of my specialty unit as well. Not all of my old unit were willing to come back, or not willing to meet one of the requirements to be on the specialty unit. Both of you have the qualification they lacked. You just proved you did Jessica when you called me Mistress rather than ma'am,” I said.
They both sat there with their mouths open as though in total shock that I would think them good enough to make White Rose company let alone the White Rose specialty unit.
“I know neither of you are married so I'm going to put you in the barracks for now. When you get there talk to Sargent Denvers and he'll see you get settled. Specialty unit training starts this afternoon. It will likely be more of everyone getting reacquainted, but it's important you be there if at all possible,” I said.
I showed them to the barracks and saw Mac on the way and indicated I wanted him to join us.
“Mac you remember Lieutenant Sanders and Seaman Bennett don't you?” I asked.
“I sure do ma'am. Welcome to White Rose Lieutenant Sanders and Seaman Bennett, we've been expecting you. Sargent Collins is in charge of assigning rooms in the barracks. Lieutenant, I hope you don't mind sharing with enlisted men for the time being here in White Rose we aren't use to having many officers aside from the Colonel,” Mac said.
“Most of the officers I've met are bigger pigs than the enlisted men I know, so don't worry about me, Sargent,” Jessica said.
Curtis was waiting in the barracks office when we got there and smiled as we all walked in.
“What have we here. Sorry Colonel we still don't have a room for you, your husband and kids unless you want the kids sleeping in the same bed with you,” Curtis said.
“Have you forgotten just how hard I can make things for you Sargent? Do I need to remind you just how hard you would have to work to try keeping up with me on my worst day?” I asked.
“Sorry ma'am I was just trying to be funny,” Curtis said.
“I know that Curtis, but today my funny bone isn't working all that well. Once we have the unit in shape and the company filled out maybe I'll be able to handle your humor again. These two need a room since Lieutenant Sanders is the only female in the unit other than myself and an officer see she gets a room to herself,” I said.
“Right now ma'am everyone is getting a room to themselves. I'll see she get one of the better rooms though,” Curtis said.
“Better by whose standard Curtis?” I asked.
“I'll do right by her ma'am,” Curtis said.
I left Jessica and Cody in Curtis' hands and asked Mac to walk with me back to my office.
“You think you can make them part of the team?” I asked.
“That's really up to them. If you mean can I accept them on the team, you don't need to worry. I noticed they're both witches. It's not going to be easy for them since everyone else on the team is vampire or werewolf,” Mac said.
“I don't want you going easy on them. They can either make the team or they can't either way they're part of White Rose company,” I said.
“You want me to push them then?” Mac asked.
“I want you to push everyone. This team will be the best just as it was during the war or I'll take over the train program and I'll make everyone do what we can. Mac every man we've worked with knew trying to keep up with us was something they likely would never be able to accomplish, but we always encouraged them and they gave all they had and found out they had more then they thought possible. That's what I want with this team. I want everyone on the team giving all they have, and always striving to give even more. Each time they reach the mark we move it just enough to keep them giving everything,” I said.
“I'll kind of take it easy the first couple days. Let them all get back into the idea that we make our heaven out of what most people would consider hell,” he said.
“Has everyone else reported yet?” I asked.
“Everyone from the team other than the two slots you haven't filled yet. I think we might have a couple that will be part of the company here now, but from what I've heard I don't really expect the company personnel to start showing up until next week. A couple of the guys from the old unit that didn't make the team are here and I've asked them to handle getting the company setup and started on their training,” Mac said.
“I take it the company personnel are in a separate barracks?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, no ma'am we have two barracks buildings so for now the company men will be in a different barracks then the team, but when that barracks is full we'll need to double up the team,” he said.
“I need to start going through those fills so I can find the rest of the team. Tell me what do you think about June Collins?” I asked.
“I'm not sure what you mean ma'am,” Mac gave me a confused look.
“I mean right now she doesn't have her magic, at least not enough of it to do much other than see the webs. Do you think I can trust her enough to allow her the full use of her magic again?” I asked.
“She was asking me about becoming a vampire since you took her witchcraft from her. I told her I would have to talk to you first and she said to forget it she knew you'd never agree. I don't think she believes you'll ever be willing to forgive her enough to allow her to become anything but what she is now,” Mac said.
“Can I trust her? That's what I want to know,” I asked.
“I think if it were me I'd make her become a vampire if she wants her magic back,” Mac said.
“So you think if she becomes a vampire I could trust her with both blood and elemental magic? Mac if she can use both magics it would make her even more dangerous than she already was,” I said.
“Sam she knows who you are now. There isn't a doubt in her mind. You've already allowed her to wear the White Rose again, she knows that you trust her at least a little just from that. She's sworn to you and the White Rose, not just the White Rose coven, she is sworn to the White Rose, in all the magic of the clan and the coven,” Mac said.
“Grant her request, but not right away. You can tell her you talked to me about it, but if she really wants it she needs to ask me,” I said.
“And her witchcraft?” Mac asked.
“I'll think about it,” I said.
“You do know there are many who think you're to forgiving,” he said.
“Do you think I am?” I asked.
“I hope I never need to have your forgiveness, but if I ever do I'm sure you'll make earning it possible,” he said.
“There is very little I wouldn't forgive you for Mac. I want the team running everywhere they go just like we did when we were here as trainees. The company I'm not so concerned with, at least not until I know the team is ready,” I said.
“Ma'am I think she can be trusted,” Mac said.
“Do you know why she was released from the military?” I asked.
“She said she cursed her commanding officer something about the company missing several missions because he got a case of diarrhea,” he said.
“You should have her tell you the rest of it, including the real reason she was forced out. If you still think I should trust her I'll give it some serious thought,” I said.
“You want some help going through those files to find the rest of the team?” Mac asked.
“Do you even know what we're looking for in those last two positions?” I asked.
“I take it we aren't looking for someone to just replace the guys we had before,” he said.
“We could, but I was hoping to add at least one pilot and two would probably be better. That means officers. If you think you can find a couple men to fill those positions we could always increase the team to fourteen,” I said.
“So if I find a couple men that I feel would benefit the team and they aren't pilots you'd be willing to consider them?” he asked.
“I'm willing to consider anyone, as long as they meet the magical requirement and are already part of White Rose clan or coven,” I said.
“How about I go through the enlisted files, and you go through the officer files. That way I can find men I know will follow my orders as well as yours and you can find your pilots,” he said.
“I want to see a diamond in the center of your strips tomorrow Mac. If you're going to play First Sargent I want you looking the part, and that includes having an office,” I said.
“You wouldn't do that to me would you? You know how I feel about desk jockeys,” he moaned.
I looked over at him and he blushed, but never said, or did anything to retract what he said.
“Is that all I am now Mac? Do you really think if push came to shove there is anyone including you on our team that could begin to keep up with me?” I asked.
I went through the files separating the enlisted from the officers and handed the enlisted to Mac and set him up in the office next to mine.
“This is your office Mac, and I do expect you to use it. You volunteered to go through those files and they only leave this office to either come to my office for consideration or to go back to operations so they can be put back away,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, I still don't like being saddled to a desk,” he said.
“And you think I do? Mac we're a field unit, in the field we're in our element, but this is part of the job and as much as we might hate it, it is necessary,” I said.
He walked around the desk and set the files down.
“I know the rest of June's story. I know you trust me, and I hope you know I trust you. June made a mistake and she knows it. She knows who you are Sam and knows nothing she could do would change who you are. She always dreamed of being one of The White Rose's Roses, but always considered it a childish dream of a little girl that wanted to believe that fairy-tales can come true. She gave up on believing you could be real,” Mac said.
“Do you trust her Mac? Would you be willing put your life on the line to follow her orders the way you have mine?” I asked.
“I asked her to marry me, does that answer your question?” he asked.
“Do you think she could handle the team in an operation?” I asked.
“I know she could handle the company when we're on an operation,” he said.
“That's not what I asked. I can find a dozen officer to handle that. I need someone who can inspire the same kind of confidence in the team you or I can,” I said.
“Ma'am, I...” he started.
“Now you know how Chris feels with my coming back. How I feel with his insistence in doing field work,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I think she can once the men get to know her, if you'll trust her that is,” he said.
“Then I want you to call General Talbot to call her back to active duty and have her report to me no later than Friday. Mac you can't tell her anything about this, at least until General Talbot has called her back giving her the orders to report to me. As for her magic if she can't convince me she would do anything for the White Rose coven and clan she won't be getting it back any time soon and thus won't make the team,” I said.
I walked back to my office and started going through the files sitting on my desk.
I didn't want June on the team, but I did want her in the company. She had the potential of commanding the company leaving me free to deal with the specialty unit.
“Ma'am General Talbot wants to talk to you, on line three,” Mac said.
I picked up the phone looking at Mac waiting for him to either come in or step back out.
“What do you need Jason?” I asked.
“I need to know why your Sargent is calling me saying you told him to let me know you wanted Captain June Collins. Sam that bitch was allowed to resign rather than charged simply to protect our world,” Jason said.
“I know all about it Jason. I also know I had problems with that same asshole commander she was forced out over. I know her record was impeccable until she was assigned to his company,” I said.
“Did you forget she was also the one who wanted to challenge your right as coven leader?” he asked.
“She had that right Jason. Any witch can challenge the coven leader at any time,” I said.
“I don't know if I can get her for you. The last time I talked to her things didn't go very well,” he said.
“Offer her gold clusters and you'll have her eating out of your hand. Jason you said I could have anyone I wanted, are you telling me I can't now? If you are then you might just as well tell the pentagon there won't be a White Rose company,” I said.
“You know you can be a bitch at times. I'll try, but it's up to her whether or not she'll come back, and I seriously doubt gold cluster on her shoulders would get her back,” he said.
“Then mention The White Rose first Sargent asked for her, just keep my name out of it,” I said.
“You don't really want her do you?” Jason asked.
“For my specialty team, no. For my company yes,” I said.
“And the gold clusters?” he asked.
“You can give them to her or I will. Jason she'll be the second highest ranking person in White Rose, even if it means she needs silver clusters,” I said.
“Then you want her setting up your company?” he asked.
“Does it really matter?” I asked.
I set the phone back in its cradle and picked up the file sitting on top of the stack, Lieutenant Stephanie Graham. The name sounded familiar, but I wasn't sure if it was the first name, or last name.
The picture in her file showed a woman proud to serve, yet going through her file she seemed to be a discipline problem. I needed to meet this girl and find out if she would be right for my unit. Every man I had in the unit had been a discipline problem in their old units, but once they joined White Rose they proved their true value.
I stuck my head in Mac's office.
“I have something I need to take care of Mac, I shouldn't be more than an hour,” I said.
He looked up at me and nodded. He must have gone through half the files he had and had two smaller piles I was sure were of men he wanted more information on or men he discounted from what information there was in the file.
I thought of where the file said Lieutenant Graham was stationed and was standing on the flight deck of the USS Enterprise. I was certain the flight deck wasn't were I wanted to be and ducked through the first door I came to and headed down the stairs.
Through the door at the bottom of the stairs I found the hanger deck with rows of F-14's. The one closest to me had the canopy up and a ladder attached so I started up the ladder.
“You aren't allowed up there,” Stephanie said.
“Why is that Lieutenant?” I asked.
“You don't even belong on this ship ma'am. What is an Air Force Colonel doing on the USS Enterprise, and how did you get on board?” she asked.
“Magic, that's how I got here and I'm here to talk to you Lieutenant, to find out if your discipline problem is all your fault or if it's because you're smarter than your superiors and they're jealous,” I said.
“They're a bunch of idiots. From some stories dad used to tell me I think there's probably only one commanding officer I could manage to stay out of trouble with, but I heard he got out a couple years ago still a Captain,” she said.
“Let me guess your father was Colonel Graham?” I asked.
“You know him?” she asked.
“We met once. If memory serves I thought he was a real ass,” I said.
“From what dad said Captain Waters called him and ass more than once, if not an ass, and idiot,” Stephanie said smiling.
“Your father wasn't really either of those things and was very cooperative. It was just he was a little slower at giving orders then I liked. I guess I was to accustomed to my men and almost never having to give orders,” I said.
“Who are you ma'am?” Stephanie asked.
“Colonel Samantha Waters-Jacobs. Sorry I should have introduced myself earlier,” I said.
“You said you're here to see me? Can I ask why ma'am?” she asked.
“Because I think you have the potential to be much more than you'll ever be allowed to be here. It would mean proving your the best at what you do, and knowing there will always be a chance of being killed. Never being able to talk about what you'll be doing with anyone outside of the unit,” I said.
“Unless you're offering me a chance to be part of White Rose, I think I'll pass,” she said.
“White Rose is a company, not just a reconnaissance unit now,” I said.
“You're serious you are offering me a chance of joining White Rose,” she said.
The marks on each side of my face started glowing.
“You're The White Rose. “Ma'am I had no idea all my life I thought the stories of The White Rose were just that, stories,” she said.
“I need to contact General Talbot, do you think you could show me to the radio room?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, if you'll come with me. We might need to get permission from the Captain first though ma'am, and he'll want to know how you got here,” she said.
“Let's do it a different way then shall we? Rather than the radio room are you sharing your quarter with anyone?” I asked.
“No ma'am, but I don't understand,” she said.
“Let's just say I have ways that few know anything about. If you'll lead the way to your quarters I'll get a hold of General Talbot and within a couple hours the orders for your transfer to White Rose should be here,” I said.
On the way to Stephanie's quarters I contacted Jason to let him know I found my pilot.
“Sam that kid has been nothing but trouble for every commander she's had,” Jason argued.
“Cut the orders Jason, I don't have time to argue with you over this. I want those orders here on the Enterprise within the next hour,” I said.
“You do know this is why they didn't want to give you rank before. I'll have the transfer orders there in about ten minutes,” he said.
“I won't have any problems with this commander will I?” I asked.
“I'll call him and talk to him so he understands,” Jason said.
I knew Jason would call and try smoothing the way, but I knew I was going to have problems nonetheless. This Captain was going to want to know how I got on his ship and just what was so special about me that he was going to lose his best pilot even if she was a discipline problem for him.
“Get your things packed we'll be leaving as soon as your transfer orders get here,” I said.
I'd heard quarters on a ship were small, but I wasn't really ready for just how small Stephanie's quarters were. No wonder she was a discipline problem she needed more room to breath, room like flying gave her.
While she packed her things I reached out with my magic to see if I could tell when the orders arrived, and when Jason called to talk to the Captain of the Enterprise.
I sensed when the orders came in and heard the crewman cuss when he saw what they were.
“What's the matter Jeff?” another crewman asked.
“You aren't going to believe the orders that just came in. You know that bitch pilot that nobody really likes, but the old man refuses to let transfer? Well she just got transferred to a land based Air Force company called White Rose. She's suppose to report to some Colonel Samantha Jacobs ASAP,” the crewman named Jeff said.
“You're sure that said White Rose?” the other crewman asked.
“That's what it says. Can you imagine what the old man will say when he finds out about this?” Jeff said.
“I imagine Lieutenant Graham is going to be excited as hell. White Rose is about the only thing she ever talks about, something about White Rose saved her dads ass during the war, or some shit like that,” the other crewman said.
“Stephanie how much longer?” I asked.
“A couple minutes ma'am,” Stephanie said.
“Hurry every chance you get the orders just came in, and the Captain is on the phone with General Talbot. I'd like to be out of here in the next fifteen to twenty minutes, and that means talking with the Captain and letting him know your leaving for your new duty base,” I said.
It took her another ten minutes to finish packing her things and as soon as she was done I sent them ahead of us to my office.
“Where... where did my bags go?” she asked.
“I'm not just a vampire Stephanie, I happen to be a witch as well. We need to go talk to the Captain,” I said.
She lead me up to the command deck, not saying anything, but constantly looking over at me as though she wasn't sure what to make of me. She knew I was The White Rose, but it never dawned on her just what that might mean.
“I take it Lieutenant you heard I was looking for you?” the Captain asked.
“No sir I hadn't. I heard orders for my transfer were received and I suspected you would want to talk to me,” Stephanie said.
“I'm thinking of ignoring those orders Lieutenant. As much of a problem as you are, you're still the best pilot I have on this floating airport,” the Captain said.
“Thank you for the compliment sir, but I heard those orders were for me to report to the Commander of White Rose. Sir with all due respect, White Rose has been a dream since my father told me the stories about Captain Waters and White Rose. If I have a chance of living that dream I do intend to see it through,” Stephanie said.
“I'm sure you would. I'm so sure you would that I would be afraid to let you launch for fear you won't come back,” the Captain said.
“And she would be right to do so Captain. Lieutenant Graham is White Rose material and I'll be damned if I won't have people of her caliber when I request them. I was told I could have anyone I wanted if I came back and rebuilt my White Rose. They wanted me back so bad in fact they gave me a two grade jump and that promise. So if you have any intention of not allowing Lieutenant Graham to leave here with me I suggest you call your security people now,” I said.
“Colonel Jacobs. I don't know how you got on my ship, but if you think for one minute I intend to let you take my best pilot without a fight you better think again,” the Captain said.
“Captain you have roughly five thousand men on this boat and everyone of them could be dead in a matter of seconds with just a thought if I so chose, and you think to stand there and tell me you would willfully disobey pentagon orders for a Lieutenant you have disciplinary problems with. That doesn't make much sense, but if you think I'm leaving here without Lieutenant Graham I'm sure the pentagon would understand if I were to throw you off this boat you seem to be so proud of,” I said.
“Only The White Rose from the stories my parents told me as a child could do what you're claiming Colonel, and she is nothing but a story book character,” he said.
“Is that right Leon? So now I am nothing more than a story book character? Your parents must be very disappointed in you for your lack of faith in magic. I have no idea what the werewolf stories tell about me, if they are anything like the witch and vampire stories, I'm not sure I want to know, since those stories have been embellished over the years so they are more fiction than fact now,” I said.
The symbols on both sides of my face started glowing with the anger I was feeling. It would be nothing for me to bring this imbecile to his knees and make him worship me. Worship me? Where did that thought come from? I didn't want to be worshiped though I knew there would be many who would try to.
A look of horror came on Stephanie's face along with the face of this werewolf Captain that thought he could refuse the orders transferring Stephanie to my command.
“Forgive me Mistress I...” the Captain stuttered.
“Stephanie will be leaving with me Leon, if that is going to be a problem, say so now,” I said.
“No Mistress, it won't be a problem,” he said.
Chapter 21
“What have you got for me Mac?” I asked walking into the office I said was his.
“I got a phone call telling me I had been called back to active duty. That son-of-a-bitch said the only reason he called was he wasn't given a choice. I wouldn't be here if I'd been given a choice Mistress,” June said.
“It's just as well you are here June. Why don't you run over to base supply and get your uniforms and make sure there are at least gold clusters on your shoulders, rather than railroad tracks. Major Collins there is one more thing. The next time I hear you refer to me as Mistress on this base I just might bust you back to Lieutenant,” I said.
“You had that bastard call me back to active duty?” June asked.
“I need someone I can trust to take care of my company when I'm not here. If I knew I could trust you enough not to throw your cruses my direction I might even give you more to handle and allow you to be part of my specialty unit. Mac seems to think I should be able to trust you that much, but I'm still not sold,” I said.
She switched her gaze over to Mac, and I tried to read what she might be thinking, but had no real idea.
“Ma'am I'll do my best to earn whatever trust you offer. I hope I never let you down again,” June said.
“Mac will you see that Major Collins finds her way to the supply building and then help her get acquainted with the men we have in the company thus far,” I said.
“Of course ma'am, it would be my pleasure,” Mac said.
“Major there is one more thing before you leave here. If there is anyone you think I should give special consideration to about getting in the company give the names to Mac. Also, it will be your responsibility to see we get a company clerk that is capable of doing the job,” I said.
How much did I dare trust her with my company? For now I was going to keep her busy getting the company setup so I could concentrate on other things.
I headed back to my office to go over the training program Mac had placed on my desk while I had been gone to get Lieutenant Graham.
“Come in both of you. You've already distracted me, so whatever the problem is you might as well share it,” I said looking up.
“Ma'am is there any reason we have to share a room?” Stephanie asked.
“No, there isn't really any reason, other than we are expecting somewhere in the neighborhood of three hundred men and women over the next couple weeks, and we have all of two barracks to house them in. Now I don't know if either of you have bothered to count just how many rooms there are in those barracks, but if my memory's correct in order to house that many people in those barracks we'll have to have at least four people to a room. Since both of you were chosen for the specialty unit I thought it would be best to house you together for security sake,” I said.
“But she's a witch ma'am.” Stephanie complained.
“And you're a vampire. If you noticed Stephanie she's mine and I don't share. As for her magic it won't work against you, or anyone else wearing the White Rose, so she isn't a threat to you,” I said.
“Yes ma'am. It just feels weird is all,” Stephanie said.
“I'm sure it feels just as weird for Jessica,” I said.
“Yes ma'am it does feel weird. Ma'am what did you mean I'm yours?” Jessica asked.
“I mean, I marked you and every other member of this unit who isn't a vampire, to protect you from vampires and werewolves,” I said.
“What exactly does it mean though? I have no doubt Stephanie knows what it means, but I don't have a clue,” Jessica said.
“Stephanie can explain it to you, and she has more time to do so since the two of you are sharing a room. You can either learn to get along, or I'll cut both of you from the team;” I said.
I didn't need this kind of problems. I'd never worried about my men getting along before and I didn't want to have to start worrying now. I made a condition of being part of the elite team that you had to have magic to protect yourself. The elite team would be the part of the company that got the most dangerous duties. The part that had the highest chance of being killed and I was determined they would have every advantage they could get. Currently the team was over loaded with vampires, but the top two members of the team had both elemental and blood magic they could call on, and the magic I had was more then any one person should ever have.
After I finished going over the training outline Mac had drawn up and made a couple changes I thought would make each person just a little better, I start going through the personnel files again. I wanted some alternates in case someone washed out, besides it wouldn't hurt to have some others who might be qualified in the company so I didn't have to worry about getting someone else transferred in.
“Have you been sitting there all day?” Chris asked.
“What time is it, sweetheart?” I asked.
“Time to go home,” Chris said.
“How do you deal with all the paperwork?” I asked.
“That's what clerks are for,” Chris said.
“You're no help, you know that?” I asked.
“I ran into the same problems when I started setting up Rose company. You've got some really good people working for you let them help,” Chris said.
“They are. I have another problem as well. I have two Lieutenants that I want working together kind of the way Liz and Debra do, but they're terrified of each other. One is a witch the other a vampire,” I said.
“Bring Liz and Debra in to talk to them. Dear if they need to learn to work together why not use the resources you have to show them how? It's not like you're going to be giving away state secrets,” Chris said.
“Thank you Chris. I'll give it a couple days and if the problem persists I'll talk to Liz and Debra about it,” I said.
I had my bike while he had my car. I still had a few things I really needed to do, one of which was talk to June once her and Mac returned from getting her new uniforms and whatever else they were doing.
“Chris I still have a couple things I really do need to take care of and I do have my bike here. You wouldn't mind picking up the girls on your way home would you? I promise I won't be here much longer,” I said.
“I'll see about getting dinner ready as well. I know until you get this company pulled together you'll be working some hellish hours,” he said.
That was one of the things I couldn't do with my magic. I couldn't change time. Sure I could get the magic to do most anything I wanted now, but there were still some things I felt the need to do myself.
I needed to find a way of making the elite team more balanced and possibly even make it so everyone on the team had access to both elemental and blood magic. According to the stories I was suppose to save magic, but who, or what was I saving it from? I was suppose to bring it back into balance, how do you bring balance to something you don't fully understand?
How was I suppose to find answers to my problems in the files sitting in front of me? I needed to go for a walk, to get some fresh air. Fresh air! What a joke that was. The rate man was going there wouldn't be any such thing as fresh air before long.
I had a vampire that was a top-notch pilot, and a witch that was better with demolitions then anyone I had seen my whole time in the war. It seemed backwards to me. Witches were able to transport people and things using their magic, and vampires by their very nature were good with demolitions. We had a propensity of destroying things.
Why would a witch whose nature was creation learn to destroy, even become better at destruction than most vampires could begin to understand? Wasn't that what I had done though? No that couldn't be what I did because I was never just a witch. All my life I had been both witch and vampire, I just didn't have fangs until after Chris had bitten me.
That was it! The answer to the problem. It seemed everyone had both doors but only one door had been able to be open at a time until I showed Kelli what was happening to her witchcraft and she found a way of holding that door open using the door to her blood magic to help. Of course the doors were simply symbolic, but the idea behind them was sound.
I headed for the barracks where Stephanie and Jessica were. If I was right I could show Jessica how to access blood magic and Stephanie how to access elemental magic. Their magic would come into balance, and perhaps they could become friends rather than enemies.
Someone shouted ten-hut as soon as I entered the building. As much as I hated the attention that would bring I ignored it and headed straight for the room I knew they would both be in.
I stood in the doorway waiting for either of them to notice me and finally stepped in the room.
“I want both of you in my office now!” I said.
I didn't wait for them to comply as soon as I finished the words I was standing behind my desk with them both looking surprised and uncertain just what happened.
“Take a seat girls,” I said.
They took the two center chairs on the opposite side of my desk.
“I'm not going to put up with shit from either of you. Stephanie you will teach Jessica how to use blood magic and in return she will teach you to use elemental magic. Before either of you try telling me you can't, I want you to remember who you're talking to. I can and do use both, and I've helped others learn to do the same. You will teach each other how to use your magic, or I will not only cut you from my elite team, I will cut you from White Rose company and send you to the worst posts I can find,” I said.
They looked at each other and started laughing.
“I'm sorry ma'am we aren't trying to be rude, it's just we both noticed that on low lever magic we can see each others webs and figured to be able to do that we had to have at least a little of each others magic.” Jessica said.
“We just talked about finding a way of learning to use the higher magics we each have as well. Ma'am if you hadn't insisted we share a room together chances are we wouldn't have noticed the simple magic we share,” Stephanie said.
“Thank you girls. I want to show both of you something, it's purely symbolic but an accurate representation of how magic works,” I said.
Before either of them had a chance to say anything we were standing in the corridor that held the different rooms. I noticed their rooms were next to each other and figured that was simply because it was their rooms I wanted.
“You'll notice that each of these doors has one of your names on it. Inside the room on the other side of the door you'll find two more doors. One of those doors should be open and the other either closed or mostly closed. Those doors are not doors you can or should try going through. As I said this is all symbolic,” I said.
Stephanie opened her door and the door that allowed her blood magic in was standing most of the way open.
“I take it that door represents my blood magic?” Stephanie asked.
“It does,” I said.
“The other door would be elemental magic?” she asked.
“It would,” I said.
Jessica walked in the room with Stephanie and doubled over almost immediately. Stephanie hurried and brought her back out, as soon as they were back in the corridor Jessica straightened back up and they both gave me a puzzled look.
“While these rooms are symbolic they are the source of magic. Jessica can't use your magic per se Stephanie and since that room is filled with magic filtered to you and your abilities, in other words, with your signature it will attack anything unfamiliar. I can't go in your room because of how much of the source I have access to, for me to go in there would kill you. You want to learn to use elemental magic you need to find a way of opening that door that is closed and keeping it open, without closing the door to your blood magic, or you'll lose your access to blood magic,” I explained.
“So I couldn't go in Jessica's room anymore than she can come in mine?” Stephanie asked.
“That's right. So I have to figure out a way on my own?” she asked.
“I'm afraid so. If I were to do it, it would likely kill you, if Jessica stood out here and tried to help her magic would likely be torn to shreds before it could do anything,” I said.
Jessica opened the door to her room and walked in taking a deep breath. She walked over to the open door and pushed it open even farther and a gust of elemental magic flooded in causing her to gasp.
Once the magic leveled out she pushed the door open fully and again a gust of magic rushed in. she let it level out again and moved over to the other door looking at it closely for anything that might show a weakness she could exploit.
“Ma'am you said you've shown others this and they have found a way. Did you ever give any of them advice on how they might accomplish keeping both doors open?” Jessica asked.
“No. I haven't got a clue what it takes since there are no doors separating me from the source of magic. When I draw on magic I do so from the raw source,” I said.
“How can you draw directly from the source. The raw source would shred you,” Jessica said.
“I was born a witch with access to blood magic. I became a vampire to complete the Rose. The stories of who I am tell of heroic adventures, but that isn't who I am. I was charged with bringing balance to magic,” I said.
“Magic has always been in balance, hasn't it?” Jessica asked.
“You tell me Jessica. Is there balance when witches and vampire fear each other? Is blood magic the magic of death and elemental magic the magic of life? Isn't that what you were taught? And you Stephanie weren't you taught just the opposite. That blood magic is the magic of life and elemental the magic of death?” I asked.
They both looked at the floor letting me know I was right.
“I wasn't taught about my magic growing up. Most of my life I denied that magic even existed, if you don't believe me ask any of the men who served with me in the war. Any of them in my elite team can tell you how I refused to admit magic existed yet used it regularly,” I said.
Jessica wove a thread of magic connecting the two door together. If it did what I thought it would, it would contract pulling the door for blood magic open as it did. She finished the weave and the door for blood magic opened slightly but not enough to allow much of anything through. She wove another thread that would do much the same thing only this time made it heavier so it could handle more force before falling apart. The door opened a little more allowing even more blood magic to enter, but still a mere trickle compared to her elemental magic. She tried one more time, this time adding the little blood magic she had gained in with, and the door came flying open flooding the room with blood magic in an equal share to what she had in elemental magic.
As the room flooded with both kinds of magic she threw her head back letting the magic fill her. When the level of the magic in the room stabilized she tied the two doors together so that neither door could be closed.
Stephanie watched in wonder as all of a sudden the door was forced open to the blood magic Jessica had never before had access to.
“Isn't that dangerous Mistress?” Stephanie asked.
As Jessica tied off the magic tying the doors together I nodded.
“I don't know Stephanie. I know that there isn't any magic you can do now she can't see, but unless you are willing to try finding a way of getting your door to elemental magic open you still won't be able to see when she uses elemental magic,” I said.
Stephanie walked slowly back into the room that was her magic and looked at the two doors, one standing wide open the other closed except for a slight crack at the bottom of the door.
There was a thud as though someone hit the door with their shoulder and the door buckled, a crack forming along the hinges. Again the thud and the crack grew, the third time the thud sounded the door gave way and came flying into the room breaking into splinters so small trying to piece them back together would take a lifetime. Elemental magic flooded the room and as Jessica had done Stephanie threw her head back and let it fill her.
“Ma'am this is incredible. I've never felt so... so... magical is the only word I know to use.” Jessica said as she stepped out of her room.
“I can only guess Jessica I've lived with both all my life. Have you ever heard anyone talk about the first born of element and blood?” I asked.
“That would be you Mistress. You were the only one to ever have both magics from birth.” Stephanie said stepping out of her room.
“Yes Stephanie that would be me, but have either of you ever heard reference to that before now?”
“My grandfather mentioned it once. I wasn't sure what it meant, and I was just a little girl at the time.” Stephanie said.
“No ma'am I've never heard reference to anything like that, at least I don't remember hearing anything like that before.” Jessica said.
So much of what had once been in the stories gone. If even the witches didn't remember I was the first born of element and blood how could I expect anyone else to know. The one phrase that had been in the original stories so they would know I wasn't just one coven or clan, I was all covens and clans. I was magic itself.
“The first story says that in the time when magic is seen as a perversion and even those who have magic turn from they magic there will be two sisters born, neither of them learning about magic yet both having great magic. The first sister would rule the coven being the greatest of the witches save for her sister, the first born of element and blood. She would prepare the world of element that on the awakening of the Rose all magic would know that element and blood are as one. Life out of desolation. Peace out of war. The first born will stand as a beacon bringing balance to magic and appointing her Roses as guardians over the world,” I said.
“There is no mention of White Rose in that though Mistress.” Stephanie said.
“Wait a minute, Her Roses as guardians? You're asking us to be guardians of the world? I... ma'am I'm not worthy of such honor.” Jessica said bowing her head.
Stephanie looked from Jessica to me and slid to her knees touching her head to the floor of my office as though in worship of me.
“I am not worthy Mistress, I beg of you find someone more capable more worthy of such honor,” they each said.
“You are only two of many who I will choose. My Roses must have the magic of both element and blood, but above all they must have the greatest magic of all. Love for mankind, both magical and non magical. It is not the acts of your flesh that I have chosen you, it is what I feel in your hearts. There are none more worthy than those I have chosen,” I said.
Jessica joined Stephanie on the floor, and Mac and June walked in.
“Are we interrupting something here?” Mac asked seeing both women kneeling as though in worship of me.
“No Mac, we aren't interrupting anything. If Sam didn't want us to see this she would have made sure the door was locked so even you couldn't have broken it down,” June said.
“But why would they be kneeling in worship like that? I know Sam to well to believe she would ever let anyone worship her like this,” Mac said.
“The aren't worshiping her Mac. They're being knighted by the first born of magic. They are becoming her guardians of magic. It is told of in a very old story my mother told me when I was very young. The first born will choose a witch and a vampire teaching them each others magic and appoint them guardians over the world magical and non magical. Her Roses will answer only to her for their gift from her is a magic none but she was born with,” June said quoting a story few knew any longer.
I heard June telling Mac what it was they were witnessing and felt another spark of trust for the woman as she showed her knowledge of who I was.
Without a word Jessica and Stephanie rose both with a smile on their face and a glow of the power they now had showing in the marks on their faces telling from which magic they had been born.
“Ladies if you will excuse us now there is much you need to teach each other,” I said.
Without a word they walked out of the office and I closed the door.
“June I understand you are getting married to the protector of the first born of magic,” I said.
“Yes ma'am at least I hope to. Ma'am I was hoping it would be alright to share in my fiancées magic,” June said.
“What do you hope to gain through the bite of the vampire June?” I asked.
“If I can no longer be a witch I wish to be a vampire, Mistress my whole life I have had magic and it is a part of who I know myself to be,” June said.
“You don't understand do you? When I closed you off from magic, I did so from all magic not just one kind of magic. The bite of the vampire would not give you back any magic thus it would only kill you,” I said.
“So I'm forever without magic?” she asked.
I looked over at Mac. He loved this woman and forgave her trying to hurt me. He had been the first Rose, but his place wasn't the same as that of the others. He was my protector the person I knew would always be there to make sure no harm ever came to me.
“I didn't say that June, what I said is that as things stand right now the bite would kill you and the blood of life wouldn't help bring you back from death. I didn't say anything about you never having magic again. Tell me about what you told Mac when I was busy with Jessica and Stephanie, then I'll consider allowing the blood of life to save you.”
She quoted the story I had told Jessica and Stephanie almost word for word except everywhere Rose was mentioned in how I told it she said White Rose.
“June the word White was added by the White Rose coven after the other covens broke off from the Rose coven. Magic started as a single coven and a single clan. The White Rose coven and the White Rose clan were the main bodies of magic working together to keep magic in balance. When a coven and clan broke off from the Rose they chose a new name and would also work together to keep magic in balance. The Rose coven and clan added White to the front of their names to indicate a purity and innocence that no longer existed. Magic started betraying magic elemental magic lost faith in blood magic and likewise blood magic in elemental magic. They became diametrically opposed to each other not understanding they needed each other to survive. The greatest magic of all was forgotten as magic and the non magical rose in power. I was brought into the world to bring balance to magic since in me both elemental and blood magic were combined something that had never happened before. In me magic was balanced and the strongest of all magic will I hope again be shown for the magic it is, a magic that all life has access to,” I said.
“What is this magic you're talking of, there is no magic that even those born without the spark can have,” June said.
“It is a magic that is meant to be shared by all. A magic that all can access in full directly from the source without filters. A magic Mac has shared with me since our earliest days together. A magic I share with my husband and children, my sisters and mother. A magic that if corrupted can become more deadly than any blood or elemental magic, yet in its pure form can heal the deepest wounds,” I said.
“You're not talking about a magic at all. You're talking about an emotion,” June said.
“No June and until you understand LOVE is magic you'll never have blood or elemental magic. There is no magic stronger than that of LOVE, a magic that can bring a witch and vampire together. A magic that protects the person you care for most. LOVE, pure LOVE is a magic that neither elemental of blood magic can destroy. LOVE will make it impossible to want to harm someone else simply because we don't understand or agree with their personal choices. LOVE is what makes it easy to look beyond the fault of another and see only the good. LOVE is the only magic that can give you either elemental or blood magic. Mac has had my permission since he first told me you asked him to bite you. But if you can't understand LOVE the bite will kill not heal,” I said.
“I don't understand,” she said.
“And that is why you don't have your magic. Mac there is nothing I can do until she can accept what you've known since before we met,” I said.
“I understand ma'am. I'll try my best to help her understand as well,” Mac said.
I needed to get home. I knew Chris would have dinner waiting for me, and the girls wouldn't be happy about how long I had been gone, though they would try to let me believe they understood.
Chapter 22
I changed into the clothes I preferred for riding the bike and walked out of the office. Was June able to understand what I tried telling her? If she loved Mac, really loved him she should already have her magic back, but if she did what was the point in trying to hide it from me. She didn't have her magic back, so her love for Mac was conditional at best, and therefore not real love.
When I reached the main gate security stopped me saying General Talbot needed me to call him as soon as possible.
Great just what I didn't need right now some kind of emergency and I was going to be expected to bail someone out of some kind of mess they never should have been in to start with.
“Sargent if he calls again tell him I'll call him when I get home,” I said.
“Ma'am he said...” the guard started.
“Do you really want to try stopping me from leaving Sargent? Tell him I'll call him when I get home, or he can contact me by the other means he has if he can figure out how to use it,” I said.
I dropped the bike back in gear and was gone before he could make any more protest.
I knew Jason would try contacting me to find out what I was up to, but until I got home I didn't want to talk to him.
“Sam where are you?” Kathy asked.
“What's wrong Kathy?” I asked.
“You do know General Talbot is trying to get in touch with you?” she asked.
“What do you need Kathy?” I asked again.
“I got a call from June saying she was called back to active duty and told to contact you,” she said.
“And your point?” I asked.
“Do you really think you can trust her?” she asked.
“Why, do you think I can't?” I asked.
“Sam she would have killed you in that challenge if she could have,” Kathy said.
“And your point?” I asked.
“You know how to control your magic now don't you?” she asked.
“For the most part yes. I had someone explain how magic works better than you could. Kathy you and I were chosen from birth to be who we are. You leading the witches and me... well me being the Rose. Perhaps you need to check the archives and see if you can find copies of the stories about me. Stories that call me not The White Rose, but simply The Rose. I'm sure if you're willing to let your magic help you, you'll be able to read them and even find them quite interesting,” I said.
“You aren't going to answer my questions are you?” she asked.
“I'm not sure what you're asking so how can I answer?” I asked.
“So you're suggesting the answers I'm looking for are in the archives?” she asked.
“I don't know Kathy. Since I don't know what your questions are and I've never seen any of the stories written out. All I do know is what I need to do, what the magic is demanding of me. I know I'm suppose to bring balance back to magic. The thing I find the most frustrating though is how few people seem to know anything about the most powerful magic of all,” I said.
“Sam there are only two kinds of magic, elemental and blood magic,” she said.
“Kathy do you remember what you said to me about those two magics? Do you remember when you told me elemental magic was life and blood magic was death? Do you remember what I said? Do you remember what happened shortly after you told me that blood magic was about death? Search the archives and I think you'll find that White Rose coven wasn't always called White Rose, that shortly before vampires and witches stopped working together was when it became know as White Rose,” ii said.
“What are you going to do about General Talbot?” she asked.
“I'll call him when I get home,” I said.
I pulled in the driveway and was met by Chris telling me General Talbot wanted to talk to me.
“I know he does, babe. I got stopped at the gate leaving base, then Kathy contacted me and told me. I think I'll tell you the same thing I've told everyone else. I'll call him when I get home and that means in the house not out here in the driveway,” I said.
“He's going to cuss that you've refused to talk to him until you get in the house since he's on the phone now,” Chris said.
I took the phone and pushed the button to disconnect the call. I said I would call him when I got home and I meant I would call him when I got home. He could learn a little patience, or he could learn to use the magic he had, I didn't care which.
I walked in the house and put the phone back on its charger and headed for the bedroom to clean up. I stripped down and got in the shower and heard the phone ring. I finished taking my shower and pulled on a nightie and robe and headed for the kitchen to see if dinner was ready.
“So did he leave a phone number, or is he at home?” I asked.
“He left a phone number I placed it on your desk,” Chris said.
“Is dinner ready?” I asked.
“It'll be about twenty minutes. Sam I think the number he left is for the Joint Chiefs,” Chris said.
“No doubt they want me to solve a problem for them then,” I said.
“I don't know, they wouldn't tell me anything,” he said.
I headed for my home office and found the phone number sitting in the center of my desk with the cordless phone on top of it.
“Pentagon how may I direct your call?” the person answering said.
“I see, you can't identify yourself or give your rank?” I asked.
“Lieutenant Jensen ma'am,” the person on the other end said.
“Well Lieutenant Jensen this is Colonel Jacobs. I need to talk to General Talbot, I believe he is in a meeting with the Joint Chiefs” I said.
“Colonel Jacobs, ma'am?” the Lieutenant asked.
“Alright how about Colonel Waters, does that make it easier for you? Jacobs is my married name, Waters my maiden name,” I said.
“Yes ma'am right away ma'am. Ma'am the General has been trying to reach you for hours,” the Lieutenant said.
I didn't say anything, it hadn't been hours because he hadn't tried my office on base before I left.
“Sam is that really you?” Jason asked.
“What do you need General?” I asked.
“Have you got a fax at home?” Jason asked.
I gave him the number for our fax machine and waited while he sent over a file. I was beginning to wonder if I was going to need to put more paper in the fax machine when the last page came out.
I picked up the pages and started going through them to see what he thought was so important. I started going through the maps I had in my office and found both topographical and satellite image maps of the area the papers were talking about.
“General if you want me to come up with a strategy for a military operation in this area, my best suggestion is forget it,” I said.
“No Sam that isn't what we need. Sam I need you on a secure line, or here so we can show you everything,” he said.
“Why didn't you ask Chris to help on this? His company is already filled out and have been working together regularly, my unit hasn't worked on anything like this in five years and I have three new members to my special unit that haven't even started drills with the rest of the unit,” I said.
“You mean Seaman Bennett, Lieutenants Sanders and Lieutenant Graham? Sam I tried telling them your unit isn't ready yet, and all any of them seem to think is your unit was the best, and since you're back they think you can have your unit ready to go by tomorrow night,” Jason said.
“Let me have dinner and I'll be there as soon after that as I can, I haven't even seen my girls since I got home, and they deserve a little of my time before I start jetting off to who knows where to save the ass of some idiot that can't read a map and know it isn't somewhere you take a company of foot soldiers that can't piss but what they get it all over themselves,” I said.
“Give me a time frame Sam,” Jason said.
“I'll be there in two hours, but you can tell those shit head Generals that when I get there I won't put up with their interfering in how I do things. Once I have the full picture I do it my way or they can find someone else,” I said.
“I don't think I need to tell them Sam, we've been on speaker the whole time so they've already heard everything you said,” Jason said.
“Of course they have. You see gentlemen maybe calling me back wasn't such a good idea after all, since I'm still the bitch that doesn't respect superiors if they get in the way of me saving lives,” I said.
I hung up before anyone could respond and walked out to the kitchen.
“I take it they want you to go rescue that company that found themselves in a bad situation down in central America,” Chris asked.
“Did they ask you if you could do it?” I asked.
“No Sam, they didn't, though I was the second choice. It seems the commander out there asked for you specifically,” he said.
“You want to fill me in on everything you know about it after we eat?” I asked.
Dinner was ready in the twenty minutes Chris said it would be. Each of the girls sat as close to me as they could.
Chris told me everything he knew about the mission which wasn't much more than I already knew. I spent a little time with the girls before changing so when I got to the pentagon I'd be dressed appropriately.
I wanted Mac there so I would have someone I trusted I could bounce things off, but didn't have time to try explaining.
“Colonel Jacobs to see General Talbot,” I said.
The Lieutenant behind the desk looked up. “If you'll give me a minute ma'am I'll escort you back.” He returned his attention to the crossword puzzle he was working on.
“Lieutenant if I were you I would forget about that crossword puzzle. I'd hate to think what the men waiting for me might do to you if they find out you kept them waiting because you couldn't think of a five letter present tense word for going away. They just might decide to give you permanent leave in the brig,” I said.
“Are you trying to threaten me ma'am?” the Lieutenant asked.
“I'm trying to get you to do the job you're paid to do Lieutenant. If however that is too hard for you perhaps I can recommend something a little less technical to your superiors so you can manage to accomplish the job at hand. Now if you don't want to get in trouble with anyone other than me perhaps you could tell me where in this maze it is I need to go,” I said.
“This way ma'am.” he stood up and headed down a corridor.
“Sirs Colonel Jacobs,” the Lieutenant said showing me into the room.
“Thank you Lieutenant, why don't you go back out and see if perhaps you can finish that crossword you've been working on,” some General said.
I walked in the room and noticed maps that made the ones I had obsolete.
“Sam I'd like to apologize for Lieutenant Jackson he was involved in one of the last battles during the war and ended up with a head injury that left him a bit slow,” Jason said.
“General I'm not interested in Lieutenant Jackson and his playing the system to keep from having to do any real work. What I am interested in is why I'm here. I want to know who this fucking commander is that requested me specifically since it was common knowledge that my unit and I were all out of the service before the war was over. It has to be someone that knows you talked me into coming back and that the bulk of the men I had under my command were willing to return as well, so sir, I want to know who they are,” I said.
“It's General Long. He didn't order men into this situation their plane was forced to make an emergency landing and unfortunately wasn't able to make it to a safe landing strip. The pilot and copilot were killed saving the rest of the men on the plane,” Jason said.
“Why were they forced to make an emergency landing? What were they even doing in that area?” I asked.
“That's classified Colonel. General Long asked for you because he said if anyone could get him and his men out of there you could,” some General I didn't know said.
I turned to the General that had just spoken.
“General I have no idea who you are and frankly I don't give a fuck who you are. You want me to take this mission you'll give me whatever information I ask for, and telling me something is classified doesn't win any brownie points with me. You can ask General Talbot, or even General Long how I operate and you'll find that once I take an assignment I do it my way and no orders are going to change that. If I ask for something I expect to get it, and I won't ask a second time. Now you can either give me the information I've asked for, or find someone else to go in and get those men out. My unit isn't ready since yesterday was the first day my special unit has had a full compliment and my company isn't even close to being fully manned yet,” I said.
“Colonel you act like an insolent child, we could order you to go,” the same General said.
“You really think that would be wise General,” I said in a lowered voice letting my fangs extend slightly. “You think because you have those stars on your shoulders you're a big man. Let me show you a big man General.” My entire unit was now standing in the room behind me, everyone of them dressed in field uniform and looking ready to go. “These people standing behind me are big men and two of them are women. With the exception of three of them, they all served with me during the war and went places no sane person would even consider going. You want to know what real men are, these men behind me are real men,” I said.
The look on the faces of all but General Talbot was priceless to me. It was obvious none of them had ever seen, or hoped to see a witch like me before.
I moved over to the map and started pointing out the situation noticing my Roses calculating a plan of how to get in and back out.
“Ma'am I don't see any way of getting in to this place other than on foot,” Stephanie said.
“There's another way ma'am, but it would mean exposing ourselves,” Jessica said.
“We aren't risking exposure Jessica, although I'm open to hearing what you have to say,” I said.
“Ma'am we could air drop into this area which would leave us a lot less distance to cover than going in anywhere else. I don't think any of us would have much trouble getting from there to where the trapped men are,” Mac said.
“Okay Mac that's not a bad way in, but do you really think there is anyway of getting those men out that way?” I asked.
“Ma'am if you don't mind wouldn't it be easier to get them out via chopper?” Curtis asked.
“Of course it would be easier Curtis, but we have one major problem with that. Stephanie you're our top pilot, would you mind explaining to Curtis why getting choppers in to any of that would be more dangerous than it is worth,” I said.
The plan was made and the big problem was we didn't have any idea how many wounded there were or how serious the wounds were.
“General Talbot, with your permission I would like to take my men back home and I'll get in touch with General Long from there. We will need a C-130 at our disposal along with a flight crew since I am taking my pilot with me. We will meet back up with our C-130 at the airbase here,” I pointed at the airbase marked on the map, “three weeks from the day we jump in, that should be enough time to get everyone out safely,” I said.
“Excuse me Colonel, but how long before you go in?” one the Generals asked.
“That General is up to you and how long it takes you to get me the aircraft and equipment I need. The sooner I have the aircraft and equipment the sooner I can have those people home,” I said.
Jessica handed me the shopping list of supplies we would need and I handed it to the General.
“General something you need to know is everything on that list will belong to my company from the time it arrives on our home base, that includes aircraft and flight crews. If the men making up those flight crews don't meet our caliber I will give them transfers back to the units they came from, but I will keep the aircraft.”
“That's black mail Colonel,” the General I gave the list to said.
“No sir, it's not blackmail, you're the ones who wanted me to rebuild White Rose. This is the cost of me doing so. White Rose will be the best special forces company in the military and if you aren't willing to give me what I need to make it the best I have no doubt all my men and I will be more than happy to go back into retirement,” I said.
I didn't give him a chance of saying anything else since I had already received Jason's leave to return home.
“Mac I want everyone in the company on the parade ground by oh five hundred in the morning,” I said.
I went home hoping the girls were still up, but also hoping Chris had gotten them in bed.
“I just got the girls tucked in. I doubt they're asleep yet,” Chris said.
I stuck my head in and both girls popped out of bed.
I sat on Kathy's bed and they both climbed in my lap wrapping their arms around me. I rocked gently back and forth knowing that both girls would soon be fast asleep. Chris came in and sat next to me taking Nicole in his lap and started rocking in time to me. Both girls were sleeping before long and I gave Chris a kiss to let him know how much I appreciated the help he'd given in picking the girls up, fixing dinner and seeing them to bed.
I was exhausted but still had a few things I needed to take care of before I would be able to sleep.
“I take it you've accepted the assignment,” he said.
“We start preparing tomorrow. I gave them a list of things we'll need before we can even think about going in, and until we get the things on the list I haven't accepted anything,” I said.
“How dangerous is it?” he asked.
“Not very if you mean how many bullets are likely to be flying. I'll have Curtis get me some to the latest copies of the maps and what if any enemy we might encounter, but from what I've seen so far the biggest threat is nature. They aren't pinned down by enemy gun fire, but by not having maps or supplies. It looks like the closest we can airdrop in is about ten clicks away as the crow flies which means closer to fifty clicks at least,” I said.
“Rough terrain I take it. What happened that they ended up in such a situation?” he asked.
“You want the story I was given, or are you willing to wait and hear the truth?” I asked.
“From that I take it they tried selling their lies and saying nothing happened and no such thing as human error,” he said.
I laughed since it was obvious he didn't believe their official stories anymore than I did.
I got ready for bed and rather than going to bed found my way to my office to look over the maps I had hoping to find a way out that wouldn't require the use of my magic.
I needed the truth of what happened and I knew there were only two ways of getting it.
“General we need to talk,” I said.
“I hope no one else has seen you here Colonel,” General Long said.
“No one has seen me since I happen to be sitting in my office at home. General why me, why not my husband?” I asked.
“I know how you operate Sam. Chris was my second choice if you weren't able to help yet,” he said.
“I have my reconnaissance unit almost fully staffed again and most of them are the same men I had during the war. General I need to know what happened. How did you end up in the middle of nowhere on top of some mountains?” I asked.
“That's a question I wish I knew the answer to. All I can tell you for sure is that my pilot and copilot are both dead and we're stuck here until someone can come get us out of here. Sam over half of those who were on the plane are injured to the point they can't walk out. I don't have any vampires here and even though I'm a werewolf, werewolves don't heal near as fast as vampires. It would take months before some of these people could even think of walking out,” he said.
“Fair enough. Next question how are you set for supplies? Is there anything you need that I could air drop in?” I asked.
“I think for now we should be alright. The fuselage is still mostly in one piece and there is plenty of food and water. We've been able to find enough blankets and pillows to go around. I'd say medical supplies might be a help, but we don't have anyone that knows enough about medicine to go beyond bandages and splints,” he said.
“So your medic was injured?” I asked.
“No we didn't have a medic. Sam we were on a diplomatic mission. These people are all diplomats not soldiers,” he said.
“I see. Sir I'm waiting on supplies before I can do anything. But they promised me they would have everything I asked for by tomorrow, if they do I'll be on my way no later than tomorrow night. The big problem I see is the closest we can get for a safe air drop for my people is almost sixty clicks away. I'm still looking at the maps for a way out, but so far it's looking like the best chance we have is that most of my unit is vampires,” I said.
Chapter 23
I sat there staring at the maps trying to find a way of getting those people out of there without using magic that most of them wouldn't begin to understand. I saw the area they were in and noticed several of them had slings, or makeshift splints, or both slings and splints. There were a few who had head injuries that had been bandaged, the one thing missing from all of them was the seal of The Rose. These people didn't have magic. I wondered how many of them even believed magic existed.
I found the pilot and copilot still buckled to their seats and by all appearances dead. As I studied them I saw the blood pump slowly at first but they were still alive. I checked them over carefully and realized the only reason they had survived thus far was they had been unconscious and their bodies had shut down most of the flow of blood to all but their brains.
They both had what appeared to be sever head injuries, but it seemed someone had done something to protect them from any real harm.
“Gentlemen I need to ask you a couple questions. If you're going to try playing dead in hopes of avoiding the questions, it might interest you to know I am a vampire and can see and hear your blood pulsing through your veins, since I'm not leaving here until I have answers the only way of convincing me you're dead is to be dead,” I said.
They both looked up at me and paled.
“You mind telling me why you ditched your aircraft?” I asked.
“We didn't ma'am someone did something to the controls,” the pilot said.
“You wouldn't lie to me would you?” I asked.
“No ma'am. Why would we lie about that since that landing should have killed us and everyone on board,” the pilot said.
“You're both hurt pretty bad and bleeding internally. I can help you, but to do so you'll both be sworn to me for the remainder of your lives. For me to help you'd be changed and there would be no going back. The one thing I can't offer you here is completion of the change, and if you completed the change here without my permission I can assure you it would be better if you would have died,” I said.
“Ma'am please, I'll do anything you ask, but please help me,” the pilot begged.
I looked at the copilot and knew he had been the one privy to what was wrong with the plane. He stared at me and the rancor of his blood wafted in the air. I reached over and snapped his neck killing him and the stench of his blood fell from the air.
“Captain I need you to relax as much as you can. You'll feel a prick when I start and it will feel like you are dying. I need you to want life so much that fear isn't part of your being,” I said.
I leaned over him keeping my eyes lock on his to take him into the trance so what I was about to do wouldn't be as frightening. I felt my fangs extend and noticed he was fully in the trance and sank my fangs into his neck tasting the sweet blood as it pumped from his heart. I withdrew my fangs licking the wounds my teeth made and sank my fangs into my arm holding it to his mouth and saying the words that would awake the magic.
“Drink of the blood of life, let not your life end without meaning and join the Rose. Become one with her through the blood of life,” I said.
I felt him sucking the blood from the wounds in my arm and gently took my arm away from him.
“Remember what I told you about completing the transition here among these people Captain,” I said.
“I'll remember Mistress,” he said.
“When you are able to get yourself out of that chair I need you to go find General Long and tell him everything that happened here. I'll see you again in a few days, until then help General Long as much as you can,” I said.
Before he could say anything I was gone.
I looked over at the clock and sighed, another night without sleep. How many of these were there going to be?
“I have coffee ready if you want some before you leave,” Chris said.
I looked up to see Chris standing in the doorway holding a tray with coffee and french toast.
“How about if I come in the dinning room and we eat together,” I said.
He took the tray back in the dinning room setting a cup of coffee and plate of toast where I usually would be expected to sit and another where he would sit.
“A long night I take it?” he asked.
“The copilot was responsible for what happened, he's dead now, but everyone else seems to be alive at least. I have no clue how we're going to get them out of there. I'm not even sure how I could get my men out of there without someone getting hurt or killed, at least not without using magic,” I said.
“That bad? No chance of getting choppers in there?” he asked.
“The up drafts are horrible at best. If we were able to get one in close enough the pilot would be so busy just trying to hold it that trying to winch anything in or out of it would be impossible. If we could clear an area big enough to land one it would be shear luck if it didn't hit the rocks, or come down so hard it wouldn't be flight worthy,” I said.
I needed to get going. I wanted to let the girls know I would be here for them if they ever needed, but this was something that required me to be away for a few days.
“Don't worry about the girls Sam. They know you love them and that this is something only you can do,” Chris said.
I opened the door to their room and stood there looking at them. Something only I could do. I wasn't sure I could figure this one out.
I leaned over each of the girls and gave them a kiss telling them I loved them and would be home a soon as I could.
I didn't bother stopping at my office when I got on base instead driving to the parade ground to see if anyone was there yet.
“Ma'am?” Mac said.
“Should we have stayed retired Mac?” I asked.
“You have news ma'am?” he asked.
“Is June with you?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am she is,” he said.
“Is everyone here?” I asked.
“About that ma'am I didn't tell the men not in the special unit. All the men from the unit are here though,” he said.
“Where's June?” I asked.
“In her office ma'am,” Mac said.
“I want everyone ready to go as soon as the C-130 gets here. Also tell Stephanie I want to see her in my office in twenty minutes,” I said.
I got back on my bike and headed over to the headquarters building.
“June in my office if you don't mind,” I said sticking my head in her office on my way by to my own office.
“Ma'am?” June asked.
“June I'm going to be gone for a few days possibly as long as a month. I need you to fill in for me here and get all the new company members settled and working on becoming familiar with working together. If you have any problems or questions you can take them to Chris and he can help since he does know how I like things,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, I'll do my best to help make White Rose the best company in the military,” she said.
“I know you will. Have you given anymore thought to what we talked about last night?” I asked.
“I still don't see that as magic, at least not a magic I understand,” she said.
“And that's why you don't have the magic you do understand. Maybe when we get back you'll understand better, Mac is going with me,” I said.
“Will I get a chance to say goodbye before you leave?” she asked.
“You have until our C-130 gets here with the supplies we'll need. June when that plane gets here everyone on my special unit will be busy making sure we can leave as soon as possible. If I were you I wouldn't put it off too long,” I said.
She snapped a salute and did a perfect about face marching out my door just as Stephanie arrived.
“You wanted to see me ma'am?” Stephanie asked.
“I did, please have a seat,” I said.
I waited while she settled in and asked if she had studied the charts of where we were going and what she thought about getting a chopper in.
“Ma'am I know you're a pilot, and from what I've heard a better pilot than I am. I believe you know that trying to get a chopper in there would be suicide,” she said.
“We have a real problem then. I looked over the situation there and with how many and what type of injuries there are there, trying to get everyone out safely will be as dangerous as getting a chopper in there,” I said.
“What if we had a full company to assist us in the extraction ma'am?” she asked.
“You know I don't want to use magic for this?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, and I believe I understand the reason as well,” she said.
“I want you and Jessica to go ahead and see what you can find for a way out that won't require the use of our magic. Everyone there still alive will survive their injuries, I'd just like to make sure we don't kill them trying to get them back home,” I said.
“I take it there is at least one dead then?” she asked.
“The copilot, he was alive when I got there, but not in good shape. He would have survived had he not been the reason this rescue is now necessary,” I said.
“I guess it looks like he died in the crash. I remember something about the pilot and copilot both being presumed dead,” she said.
“A broken neck. The pilot is now one of us though not complete as yet,” I said.
“I'll talk to Jesse about taking care of finding a way where we won't need magic,” Stephanie said.
“Ma'am we just got word the plane will be here in about an hour,” Curtis said.
“Thank you Curtis let Mac... Curtis can you make sure everyone is ready to go. As soon as that plane is parked I want the supplies it's suppose to have on it checked and packed ready for our use. Also, see that it's refueled and ready to go by ten hundred hours,” I said.
“What about the Lieutenants, ma'am?” he asked.
“Don't worry and Stephanie and Jessica, Curtis. They have their orders and you have yours. I would like you to see they have a couple radios though some that can handle not needing to be charged for a few days and set to our frequency only,” I said.
“I can manage that ma'am, though it might be a good idea to have them take a solar charger as well,” he said.
“Don't waste time telling me make sure they get those radios before they leave, and tell them one of the radios is for General Long, and I want them to give it to him personally he'll be waiting for it,” I said.
“Yes ma'am,” Curtis said.
He was off at a dead run to carry out the orders I had just given. With the exception of the new men in the unit they all knew if we were called in it was because the situation was deadly dangerous and when I gave an order there was a good reason for that order, and questioning an order could be done later if you felt it necessary.
“Strange to see one of your men running like that. Dare I ask what's going on?” General Wright asked.
“You can always ask Chuck, I'm afraid I can't always tell you though,” I said.
“Let me guess, this is one of those times you can't tell me. Sam you have my whole base in an uproar, I think I have a right to know why,” Chuck said.
“Chuck what do you think the chances are of me bringing everyone back from an extremely bad situation? Keep in mind none of my men have worked together for the better part of five years,” I said.
“Will there be bullets flying?” he asked.
“I hope not. No, this time the dangers aren't so simple. The biggest threat is nature, and injured people, people who have little or no military training. I have no idea if these people will understand, or even if they do understand, be capable of following my orders without questioning them at ever turn,” I said.
“You're talking about that plane crash in the Andie's? The report I saw on that said everyone was killed,” Chuck said.
“So far there's only one casualty and that wasn't from the crash,” I said.
“How can you... you've been there already. Sam I'm not going to pretend to know what you're capable of. I know I've seen some shit I can't begin to explain where both you and Chris are concerned,” Chuck said.
“Come now Chuck your wife's a witch. You've seen her use magic more than once. Are you going to try telling me you still don't believe in magic?” I asked.
“I could've asked you that same question a year ago and that after having seen you do shit my wife keeps telling me was never possible for one person,” he said.
“Touché,” I said.
“What can I do to help?” he asked.
“I have a C-130 coming in and I'll need it fueled and ready to go as soon as possible after it lands, also if you have a flight crew I could use that would help,” I said.
“I'm guessing you want that plane gone over with a fine tooth comb as well?” he asked.
“Unless you have one you're willing to trade me,” I said.
“I have three of them on standby right now. I'm guessing it's your plane that has the whole airstrip locked down keeping them from going,” he said.
“Sorry about that, but until that plane is on the ground and parked I didn't have a lot of choice. Are your planes loaded or empty?” I asked.
“Only one of them is loaded the others are supposed to be heading out to get a few things we need here on base,” he said.
“And you'd be willing to trade me one of those planes and its crew for this mission while the plane I have inbound goes through a full inspection?” I asked.
“Sam you and Chris have priority on this base, anything you ask for I've been ordered to make available,” he said.
“Have the best of those three crews get with me then. I'll let them know where we're headed and what their cargo will be. If either of the birds without a load have in-flight refueling capabilities that's the one I want,” I said.
Ten minutes later I had the flight crew from Chuck standing in my office.
“Captain did General Wright tell you anything other than to report to me?” I asked.
“Ma'am he told us our flight has been canceled and we were to report to you,” the man said.
“Then I guess we need to head over to the map room so I can show you what I need from you and your crew,” I said.
I lead them all down to the room I was using for a situation room and noticed all the maps I had out were now put away.
“Captain if you'll excuse me for a moment I need to find out who has been in here,” I said.
I headed straight for June's office and stuck my head in the door.
“Is there something you need ma'am?” June asked.
“Yes June there is,” I walked in and noticed Mac in the corner standing as though to leave. “Relax Mac. June did you clean up the map room?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am I did. Mac wanted to be here at three this morning and I cleaned up and put all the maps that were out away. It was something to keep me busy,” she said.
“Those maps were left out for a reason. Since you aren't part of the special unit you hadn't been kept in the loop, but among your other duties while we're gone you will monitor the radio on the White Rose frequency so if we need something you can get it for us. If you have to dig out those maps every time we need something it will take longer for you to help us,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I understand,” she said.
“I hope so June, in the future please if I've left maps out ask before putting them away. One more thing I don't want anyone but you in the map room, keep the door locked if you have to. Some of the maps in there are specialty maps we need for missions that are sensitive in nature,” I said.
I headed back to the map room and pulled the maps I needed laying them out on the table and pointing to where I needed my team to be air dropped.
“Captain the cross winds in this area are torturous at best. I'd have my own pilot fly me in there, but I don't know the pilot that was just assigned to me and my pilot that I do know isn't able to fly this mission since I'll need her on the ground with me. If you think you can't handle this let me know now so I can get a pilot from my husbands unit,” I said.
He looked at the map trying to find a good way into where we needed to go.
“Ma'am what about here instead the cross winds shouldn't be as bad and it seems it would give you and your men a better chance of not getting blown off course once you bail,” he said.
“It would also give us another hundred clicks to reach our destination. Captain this is where we need to go in if we hope to have a chance of success with this mission,” I said.
“When did you want to leave ma'am?” the Captain asked.
“As soon as we can get all our gear on board. Captain you're going to have two supply drops. One for the people we're going in after at this location,” I pointed out where on the map. “On that drop you come in close and the drop has to be precise there won't be any chutes so you should be able to come in at tree top level. If you don't think you can handle that, again let me know. The second drop will be after you drop my men and I and that drop needs to be made low as well since the supplies won't be able to counter any wind shears the way my men and I can,” I said.
“So you want me to circle after dropping you and drop whatever supplies I have left without chutes at treetop level?” he asked.
“Can you handle it Captain?” I asked.
“I'm not sure ma'am,” he said.
“Thank you Captain, but if you aren't sure you can handle flying that low then I need to find a pilot who is. You can return to General Wright, tell him I said thanks, but no thanks I'll see if my husband can handle it,” I said.
“Can handle what?” Chris said.
“Flying a C-130 making two supply drops at treetop level and one drop of my men and I at lowest possible safe altitude,” I said.
“Anything for you babe, let me get Scott here and he can fly second seat with me,” Chris said.
“Excuse me Colonel, but do you have any idea what she's asking for?” the Captain I dismissed asked.
“Yes Captain I know exactly what she's asking for. To you it may seem impossible, but if it were impossible she wouldn't be asking. No one would ever refuse White Rose commander when she gave an order, to do so if the enemy didn't kill you she would,” Chris said.
“You're such a liar Chris. I never killed anyone, or even got anyone killed in all the missions I did during the war unless they happened to be wearing an enemy uniform,” I said. “Chris let me go over what it is I need then you can call Scott. It won't take long and we need to let mom know neither of us will be home tonight.”
We went over the plan for the drop several times working out what I thought would be the roughest of the details trying to minimize the risk as much as possible.
“This would be so much easier if you'd just use your magic,” Chris said.
“You think I've lost my touch?” I asked.
“Not at all. I just think you're asking for more then you know. Low level drops tend to destroy supplies,” he said.
“True if you have supplies that can be destroyed by dropping them. Everything we'll have that could be damaged that way we'll have on us the supplies you'll be dropping at the first drop are food and water inside metal boxes that should be able to withstand the impact, yet be reused for stretchers to help with those to injured to be able to walk out. The second drop will be mostly climbing gear that would over load our chutes,” I said.
“Of course thus the low level drops. To insure accuracy,” he said.
I wanted to see the girls and if Chris was willing to tell me which of his men he wanted to bring along I'd make sure they all made it to the plane on time.
“If you'll tell me which of your men you're going to need, I'll see they all make it to the plane on time,” I said.
He gave me a list of the men he had in mind, and before he could say anything more I was gone.
“The girls said you left before they got up this morning, I was wondering if you'd be here before you have to go on whatever it is the military is asking you to do,” Mom said.
“Mom, Chris and I are both going to be gone for a couple days. I need a pilot I can trust and the only one I know that won't be on the ground with me is Chris. They tried giving me another pilot, but he wasn't sure he was able to do what I needed, and to accomplish what it is I'm going into, close just isn't good enough,” I said.
Both girls came running in when they heard my voice. For a minute I thought they were going to knock me off my feet and while as a vampire I did heal fast, the last thing I needed was to be injured simply telling my babies I was going to have to be gone for a while. I scooped both girls up before they grabbed my legs, and still had to take a step back to keep from falling.
“I'm sorry I had to leave so early this morning, and got home so late last night,” I said.
“You have to go away, don't you mom?” Kathy asked.
“Daddy and I both have to go away for a little while. Daddy will be back in a couple days, but it will be a couple months before I'll be able to come home,” I said.
“That's why you didn't get home before we went to bed last night, huh?” Kathy asked again.
“Yes dear and it is why I had to go to work so early this morning,” I said.
“Will grandma watch us while you and daddy are gone?” Nicole asked.
I looked over at mom and muttered that I hoped she would be willing to watch them.
Mom turned her head and I saw a tear rolling down her cheek.
“I don't understand why you can't just use your magic Samantha. Why must you risk so many lives needlessly?” she asked.
“Do you love me mom? Do you trust me? Do you believe I am who everyone claims I am?” I asked.
“What kind of questions are those? Of course I love and trust you. As for who everyone believes you to be all I know for sure is you're my daughter, just as much as these two beautiful young ladies are your daughters,” Mom said.
“I need you to trust me that what I'm doing, is what needs to be. There is one magic greater than all the magic I was born with mom, a magic greater than all the elemental and blood magic I have waiting to do my will. To bring magic back into balance it requires that all magic be used, and that means making people aware of the magic every living person was born with,” I said.
“And just what magic is that? What magic is more powerful than the magic we have in this family?” Mom asked.
“There is no magic greater than that shared by the family. The magic that makes us family, little if anything to do with either elemental or blood magic. The magic that binds our family is the magic that allows us to see beyond each others faults and care about each other unconditionally,” I said.
The light came on in moms eyes as she finally understood the magic I was talking about. A magic that the religion she had been born into taught about, but had no concept of.
“Mom if you need anything while I'm gone talk to Debra and Liz. Whether you want to believe it or not in a way they're your daughters as well,” I said.
“I know they're your Roses, Sam. I've seen the marks and Kathy said only the White Rose can select her Roses and mark them as her own,” Mom said.
“They aren't my only Roses mom. But they are the only ones not in the military that are marked as my Roses,” I said.
“So you have Roses that aren't marked?” she asked.
“Of course I do. Kathy's one as acting head of the coven. You're one as is Evelyn, because I know you'll do the right thing. My Roses are those who make it possible to do what I need to do to bring balance to magic,” I said.
“So why not mark all of your Roses like you did Debra and Liz?” Mom asked.
“They're different. They act in my place to protect those who call on The Rose for help. They advocate between the person needing help, or protection, and those who are best able to help, or protect. They also have my authority to pass judgment,” I said.
“And the way they are marked is to let everyone know they are acting on your behalf?” Mom asked.
“Have you figured out the most powerful magic of all yet?” I asked.
“I have a good idea and I guess I do have to agree with you about it being the greatest of all. It was the magic that made it possible for us to be accepted,” Mom said.
“I love you mom. I want to spend a little more time with Kathy and Nicole, but my men should about have our plane loaded so they are waiting on me and some of Chris' men,” I said.
Chapter 24
I was able to spend about an hour with the girls while I waited for the men, Chris wanted, to show up at the house. I hated that I wasn't going to be able to see the girls again for a month or more, but they both seemed to know it was because other people depended on me as much or more than they did.
“Scott is this everyone?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, everyone on that list you gave me,” Scott said.
“When we get to base you'll be briefed about your part of the mission, until then please hold any questions,” I said.
I looked each of the men gathered in the eye and before any of them could think of a question we were all gathered in the situation room. I looked around the room and saw all my men gathered around a couple maps going over possible routes that Stephanie and Jessica found. Chris was right in the middle trying to follow along and get a grasp of just what it is my men and I had been asked to do.
“Sam, from what Lieutenants Sanders and Graham have said about the injuries I don't see anyway you can do this with just the men you have here, not without using your magic,” Chris said.
“Ma'am I have to agree with the Colonel. I know your reputation of being able to do the impossible, but during the war you did that with your magic,” June said.
“I didn't even believe in magic back then Major,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I understand that, but your magic did believe in you. Back then your magic controlled you now you control your magic. Without your magic what seemed impossible was merely what no one without magic could see,” June said.
I thought about what June was suggesting and each of the missions White Rose was involved in flashed through my mind. Each time just enough magic to solve what seemed impossible showed her words to be true. Never enough to make it seem I had done anything anyone else couldn't have done, but I wasn't someone else and my magic knew what I needed and when I needed it. I almost wished this was back before I believed in magic, before I learned to control the magic. Would the magic help me now the way it had then, or would it wait on me to command it now.
“Thank you June your point is made. Since it seems no one wishes to believe I can manage this without magic, I can't help but wonder if you think I should just employ my magic, and bring all those people here erasing any doubt of our world from those who have no magic as you all know it? Should I kill any hope of bringing magic back into balance?” I asked.
“I don't think that's what any of us were suggesting ma'am. Instead, I think what we are suggesting is that it will take more men than just the few here,” June said.
I looked at Chris and noticed he felt the same way. Even Mac looked like he didn't trust me to be thinking the situation through clearly.
“Tell me Major do you have your magic back yet?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, I believe I do,” June said.
“Mac, she asked you once, do you believe she has her magic back so it wouldn't kill her?” I asked.
“You mean... ma'am when she asked she did so in hopes it would give her the chance of having magic again,” Mac said.
“Mac I love you and if this is the only way of proving myself to the most powerful witch and vampire the world has ever known then please do what I asked not so long ago,” June said.
The pain in Mac's eyes told me he didn't believe she understood any better now then when I told her what it would take for her to regain her magic.
“Mac if she does understand the bite won't kill her, but it will make her stronger since you'll be able to show her how to regain the elemental magic she lost,” I said.
Mac stepped up in front of June and I saw her fall into the trance I had seen on every person I had ever bitten. June hadn't shown fear when he extended his fangs and love shown in her eyes as he tilted her head exposing her neck.
“Mac she has learned and now is not the time for that, since she will be commanding while Chris and I work out a better way of accomplishing the end objective,” I said.
Mac retracted his fangs releasing June from the hypnotic spell.
“June you'll be in command of White Rose and helping those people with shelter and medical needs until either Colonel Jacobs or myself join you. Under no circumstance are you to try evacuating them until we can come up with a way of doing so without the use of magic. Is that understood?” I asked.
“Perfectly ma'am,” June said.
“Scott I hope you don't mind, but I think it might be best if Chris and I are the pilots on this mission. Mac can you make sure Rose personnel know what needs to come off at each stop?” I asked.
I looked over at Chris and saw him breath a sigh of relief that I had seen reason.
“We can talk on the way Chris. Right now I need to talk to my Roses and make sure they understand I am expecting them to keep June in line with what she's suppose to do, along with making sure everyone is safe when they bailout,” I said.
I walked over to my two Lieutenants and motioned that I wanted to talk to them in private, then started toward my office.
“Ma'am no disrespect to Major Collins, but she doesn't have access to magic,” Jessica said.
“I know that Jessica, but what she said in there was true, every mission I ever did I used my magic on, and I didn't even believe in magic back then,” I said.
“Ma'am if I'm not mistaken she was second in the coven until you took over as the coven leader, wasn't she?” Jessica asked.
“Yes she was, and on my wedding day she thought she could challenge my right to be coven leader because I'm a vampire. That along with something else that happened is why she doesn't have any magic right now. She won't have her magic back until she learns what real magic is all about, that without the most powerful magic elemental and blood magic are nothing. If and when she learns that she will have her magic back, even I can't change that,” I said.
“What is it you need us to do ma'am?” Stephanie asked.
“The only way of insuring that everyone lands in the drop zone is to not use chutes, your own reports make that abundantly clear. I need you to wrap them in an envelop that will protect them from the fall. If you need my help ask for it these men and women mean the world to me even June. I also need you to do the same for the supplies. We will be making the drop at the crash site first and that drop will have the medical supplies to help the injured,” I said.
“Understood ma'am and I believe with our combined magic we should be able to manage,” Stephanie said and Jessica nodded agreement.
As they left June entered making sure to close the door behind her.
“Why did you stop him?” she asked.
“Because I believe there is still hope for you, and I want you to grasp that hope, I want you to learn to believe in yourself,” I said.
“How can I believe in myself when I've done so much I knew was wrong?” she asked.
“Do you know why I asked Mac to be the one to do it?” I asked.
“I thought you wanted to punish him for caring about me, but now I'm not sure,” she said.
“I asked Mac because I knew he would stop if I asked him to. You don't begin to know just how hard it was for him to stop like he did. He believes you because I said he should. He trusted you to be honest with me, and he trusted I would never let him hurt you,” I said.
“I don't understand,” she said.
“I know you don't, and I don't know if you ever will, but I saw hope that you might when he held you in the trance vampires use to keep someone from fighting. June the only time we use that magic is if we intend to bring a person back from death. If our intent is to kill we don't worry about someone fighting us we have the strength to prevent them from escaping us,” I said.
“If it was so hard for him to stop why did he?” she asked.
“Because he loves you. When this mission is over it wouldn't surprise me if he asks to resign because of the rules of enlisted men and officers,” I said.
“But he's you protector. You said it yourself,” she said.
“Do you really believe I need a protector any longer? Mac is my best friend in the world and I hope he at least considers me a friend. There is maybe one person in this world I might trust more than Mac, and that would be Chris. As long as I've known Mac he has never shown any interest in a woman until you. To be honest I don't know what he sees in you, but if he believes in you then so do I. I stopped him because I couldn't let him live with the guilt of having killed you, I owe him a lot better than that,” I said.
“And what about me, what do I owe him?” she asked.
“Your respect if nothing else, he has more than earned your respect, and by lying to me as you did you failed to show him any respect. You know how he feels about you, I know he has told you he loves you. If it weren't for him your chances of ever regaining your magic would be closer to none than the simple way in which you can regain your magic, a way made possible because of him,” I said.
“You really don't like me, do you?” she asked.
“What I think, or feel in this case makes little difference. I respect Chief-Master Sargent Maxwell Denvers. He has earned my respect more times than I can count, and I'll set my own personal wishes and feelings aside if it will give him even the slightest hope of finding love. There is only one other man I would do that for, and both of those men have earned that kind of love and respect from me, and one of them has earned it from you as well,” I said.
“I respect Mac, I love him, I love him more than I've ever loved anyone,” she said.
“You have a strange way of showing it by lying to me and letting him almost kill you. Major we will be leaving as soon as I get in my flight suit. The jump will be made without chutes because to do otherwise would mean scattering the men so bad it would take forever to get everyone gathered and on the march. Lieutenants Sanders and Graham will be making sure everyone makes it to the ground safely, as well as the supplies we'll be dropping. While you will be in command until either Colonel Jacobs or I get there, my Roses have special orders from me and also have the authority to override your orders, if your orders don't make sense, or conflict with the orders I gave them,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I'll do my best to keep them in the loop, but if we get into a situation it could cause major problems if they are constantly overriding my orders,” she said.
“Major there shouldn't be anything much to do except tend to injured people before either Colonel Jacobs or myself get there. You'll have both vampires and witches capable of things you can't imagine under you. If an enemy approaches let them conceal your camp. If that isn't possible Mac knows how to deal with them, as do any of the other men who served with me during the war,” I said.
“So I'll be there as commander in name only?” she asked.
“You'll be there as commander to learn what these men can do. You'll have the best of the best who will all treat you with respect due your rank, and while you are learning what they can do they will be learning whether or not they can trust you to give orders that make sense. Use the resources you have, everyone in that unit will follow Mac, and Mac knows those men better than even I know them. Curtis is next after Mac, and again knows the other men almost as well as Mac. You want someone to bounce things off of, they'll both give sound advice, not always good advice, but definitely always sound advice.”
“That's why you took this mission isn't it? To let me get to know the men and let the men get to know me?” she asked.
“I took this mission because a very dear friend requested me and my men. He seems to think White Rose can walk on water when it comes to making sure everyone can make it back home. There is one other thing that I haven't told anyone else. There is one of the survivors of the crash that helped set up the crash. When I was there I didn't take time to let anyone, but the pilot and General Long know I was there and that I agreed to take the mission, so I have no idea who it is. No doubt whoever it is will do everything they can to make any attempt at getting everyone out difficult yet demand to know why you aren't doing anything to get everyone home safe,” I said.
“I hate people like that,” June said.
“Yet you sided with people like that the night of my wedding,” I said.
She gave me a hurt look then saluted and walked out.
I changed into my flight gear and headed out to the plane doing a walk around before entering through the open cargo door.
“Mac is everyone here?” I asked.
“All except Major Collins ma'am,” he said.
“You do know why I stopped you don't you, Mac?” I asked.
“She isn't ready yet. Ma'am I know she lied about having her magic back,” Mac said.
“If I hadn't stopped you, would you have gone through with it?” I asked.
“No ma'am I don't think I could have lived with myself if I would have. Ma'am, I know she can learn what you want her to, and I know you somehow linked her magic to her learning that love can be the strongest magic. I just find it hard to believe that you can't undo it so you could give her back her magic,” Mac said.
“It's not that I can't Mac, it's more that I won't. Magic is about balance more then anything else and love is what keeps it in balance, that's why love is the greatest magic of all. It isn't that love can do things the other magic can't, but love tempers the other magic making it stronger, and also weaker. It brings balance, magic used without love comes at a very heavy cost, a cost I don't want anyone to pay if I can help it. The night of my wedding her blood smelled so foul I wouldn't have allowed anyone to bite her. Now her blood is much sweeter yet there is still something missing and I have no idea what it is,” I said.
“I'm sorry I'm late ma'am I had trouble finding my field uniforms. And getting my duffel packed,” June said.
“Find a seat Major we'll be leaving as soon as we get that door closed and get clearance,” I said.
Mac hit the controls for the loading ramp closing the plane up as I worked my way to the cockpit.
“Scotty how you doing on charting our course?” I asked.
“Ready whenever you are ma'am,” Scott said.
I started to slide into the copilot seat and saw Chris was already sitting there, so slid in to the pilots seat.
“So you like the way I fly better than the way you fly Colonel?” I asked.
“I just figured since it's your men whose lives are on the line... we have a lot to discuss and I trust your flying while we talk better than I do my own,” he said.
The flight was uneventful most of the way. Stephanie came forward a couple times to see where we were and how much longer it might be.
“Stephanie why don't you go try to get some sleep so when we need you, you'll be ready?” I asked.
She gave me a dirty look and headed back with everyone else, and Jessica came forward.
“I see, so I either have Stephanie or you up here bothering me while I'm flying?” I asked.
“No ma'am I just thought I should let you know Stephanie doesn't like flying unless she has the controls,” Jessica said.
“Have her come up here and take my place. I could use the rest since we still have a long way to go,” Chris offered.
Stephanie had to have been standing just out of sight because Chris no more then finished and she was standing there waiting for him so she could take over as copilot.
She slid in as soon as he was out and was buckled in before he was able to lean over and give me a kiss.
“Chris, can you try letting June know I don't hate her, but I do expect her to be honest with me from now on,” I said.
“I'll take care of it. You did let her know she needs to keep her eyes open for a traitor among the people in the crash?” he asked.
I looked over at Stephanie knowing she heard what Chris asked.
“I let her know, but I hadn't said anything to anyone else. Stephanie that is for Major Collins to handle, unless she asks for help I don't want you saying or doing anything. I do however want the traitor identified before we get back here with the rest of the men we'll need to actually get those people out of there,” I said.
“I'll talk to June about what she's looking for, I'm sorry, but you couldn't have gone over it very much with her since you haven't had a lot of time to spend with her since you filled me in on what happened,” Chris said.
“Chris I'm still not sure there was anyone else on that plane that knew anything about it. I don't think they expected anyone on the plane to survive the crash, and I just can't imagine they would have had a passenger that knew about it,” I said.
“Perhaps not a passenger, but maybe another member of the flight crew. Someone who thought they'd have time to bailout when they were sure the plane was going down,” Chris said.
That was one of the things I loved most about Chris. He was able to think of things I didn't and make them make sense.
He gave me another kiss and headed back with everyone else.
“What he said makes sense ma'am, but from what we were able to learn General Long believes everyone that was on the plane is in their camp,” Stephanie said.
“All that means is if they thought they'd be able to bail they hadn't counted on the plane going down as high in the mountains as it did, or they hadn't counted on not having easy access to a parachute,” I said.
 I gave her the controls since I knew there wasn't going to be anyway of getting her to relax as long as she was on the plane and had access to the flight cabin.
“Ma'am, are you awake?” Stephanie asked.
“What is it Lieutenant?” I asked.
“When Jesse and I searched the crash site we didn't find any parachutes. We did find several parachute packs, but the chutes had all been cut out of them,” Stephanie said.
“Were they using the chutes for blankets or shelter?” I asked.
“No ma'am there was wads of paper in the packs to make it look like they were parachutes, but the silk had all been removed leaving only the cut cords and a lot of paper,” she said.
“So the only thing they have for shelter is the fuselage?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am and a few small lap blankets,” she said.
“Stephanie I'm not going to be with you guys on the ground, at least not for a week or two. June is the ranking officer from our unit and will be in command. Make sure you share this information with her and anything else you can remember. I need to run back in the back and change one of the packages that we're dropping to see about getting those people some better protection against the weather,” I said.
I headed back into the cargo bay and caught Mac checking the straps to insure the load was still secure.
“Mac were are the blankets and tents?” I asked.
“Most of them are in with the first drop. From what your Roses said those people will be needing them right away and from what I saw of the maps I'd hate to have to pack them across that terrain,” he said.
“I take it Stephanie and Jessica shared what they found with everyone while I was visiting with my kids and getting Chris' men?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am they did, with everyone except Major Collins,” Mac said.
“Mac, June is going to be in command on this mission at least for the next couple weeks. You know General Long and the trouble we had with him during our first mission. Make sure he understands I'm the one who gave her this responsibility and I expect him to treat her with the same respect he would show me. If you would make sure June is aware of as much as possible about what everyone is doing and help her make decision,” I said.
“In other words treat her the same way we would you?” he asked.
“I swear one of these times I'm going to push you out of an airplane at forty-five thousand feet just so I can watch you go splat when you hit the ground,” I said.
“You forget ma'am I now have access to elemental magic and my fiancée has been teaching me how to use it,” he said.
“If you weren't my best friend Mac...” I said.
“Jessica do you know how to fly?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, but I'm not very good at it,” Jessica said.
“Then why don't you join your sister and give her a hand. Let either Chris or I know when we're half an hour from drop point one,” I said.
“Yes ma'am. Ma'am, does this mean you're going to let me become a pilot for the team as well?” Jessica asked.
“It means everyone on this team will know how to fly and I know you two will make a great team whether in the air or on the ground,” I said.
I went over and sat next to Chris resting my head on his shoulder and was asleep before I fully settled.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Kathy you could stay young a lot longer if you'd just be open to the idea,” I said.
“Sam the thought of it, terrifies me. What if I'm never able to use my elemental magic again because of it?” she asked.
“Kelli can still use her magic and is now even stronger than you are with it. Both of my girls are strong witches as is Chris, Sarah and Jenny. I know it use to be any witch who was bitten lost their magic, but that's no longer the case,” I said.
“You can't guarantee that though Sam. If you could give me an iron clad guarantee I wouldn't hesitate,” she said.
“You're acting leader of the coven, yet you still refuse to accept balance in your own magic. I can't guarantee you wouldn't lose your magic because I'm not sure you really want to keep your magic. Would it help if I made it so you can't access your elemental magic unless you're willing to gain an equal measure of blood magic?” I asked.
“You wouldn't dare,” she said with very real panic in her voice.
“And you think you could stop me if I did? You of all people should know you only have a small fraction of the magic and skill necessary to stop me from doing what I want,” I said.
“Please Sam, you don't understand...” she started.
“You're right I don't understand. You're also right that I wouldn't force you to accept the bite of your daughter,” I said.
“You'd let Kelli do it?” she asked.
“Why wouldn't I let Kelli do it? She is your daughter,” I said.
“I was kind of hoping since you keep saying it's something I should do you'd do it yourself,” she said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I sat up not sure where I was. It took me longer to wakeup then seemed normal, and as everything started coming back into focus the dream played through my mind again.
“Are you alright Sam?” Chris asked.
Chris had his arms around me holding me as the dream played over and over in my mind. I hoped dreams like this ended when I finally accepted who I am as both a witch and a vampire.
I knew I was shaking, this dream scared me more then anything in so long I couldn't remember. I wanted the dream to stop, but it just kept playing over and over in my head.
I reached for Chris' arm it felt like it was chocking me. As soon as I touched his bare skin he was standing with me as the dream played again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Kathy you could stay young a lot longer if you'd just be open to the idea,” I said.
“Sam the thought of it terrifies me. What if I'm never able to use my elemental magic again because of it?” she asked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It continued and Chris stood there like a ghost watching as though it were a movie. The dream came to the same end of her saying she wanted me to do it and me feeling the horror of what the bite meant. I hadn't asked for any of this and I hated how many peoples lives I had changed forever already.
“Sam wakeup,” Chris said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The dream started again, and I felt the plane bounce on the air currents and reached out feeling the area surrounding us. We were close to the first drop why hadn't either Stephanie or Jessica come to let Chris or I know so we could take over.
The dream was gone as I felt the plane dip and one of the engines sputter and quit. The engine stalled and another one started sputtering. The beauty of this airplane was it could fly on one engine, but without all four engines we couldn't hope to accomplish what we were doing. We needed all four engines to be able to come in as low as we intended and then pull back up. The first drop was a good three hundred feet lower than where we intended to drop the men and rest of the supplies, and without the two engines that were giving us problems already the chances of making the drops without the use of magic was nonexistent.
The engines shut down and everything inside went deathly quiet. I should have been able to hear the other two engines but their noise wasn't there. I looked out the small window on the port side and saw that neither of the port engines were running and went over to the starboard side and neither of those engines were running either. I headed for the cockpit and found it empty. Everyone in the back was gone as well. I was the only one left on the plane.
“Maybe next time if you survive this you'll think before acting little sister,” Kathy said.
“You know dam well I can fly this with just my magic, so why are you doing this? What did I do to you that you would try killing me like this?” I asked.
“What did you do? You don't have any idea do you? How about lying to me about your daughters biting my daughter, or maybe there was the dumping the coven back on me after I gave it to you. How about the fact you told my daughter she could feed on her father,” she said
“Kathy I never told Kelli she could feed on her father, I asked if you would be willing to continue as the head of the coven since I still didn't know my magic that well and you were afraid the other witches would still have trouble since I'm also a vampire. The only reason Kathy bit Kelli was because Kelli begged her to do so and even then I helped Kelli learn to use both blood magic and elemental magic,” I said.
She was gone I was again alone on the airplane an airplane that should have been falling out of the sky since none of its engines were running and no one was at the controls.
I slid into the pilots seat and looked for the switches to restart the engines only to find them gone. If I wanted the engines running I was going to have to start them using my magic. I reached out for my magic and it was gone. Both blood magic and elemental magic were gone and here I was in an airplane at...
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I opened my eyes and heard the sound of all four engines, fine tuning on them to see if there was anything wrong. They sounded perfect, or at least as perfect as they should.
“Are you okay Sam?” Chris asked.
“Ma'am we're a half hour from the first drop. General Long would like to talk to you,” Jessica said as she exited the cockpit.
“I'll be fine Chris. It was just a bad dream,” I said.
I stood up and walked to the cockpit with Jessica. Scott stood up as we entered the cockpit and stepped out of his seat as navigator allowing me to sit there to talk to General Long.
“White Rose calling Eagles nest,” I said.
“I love hearing your voice White Rose, I'm sure there are several people here who will be happy to know you're on your way to help,” General Long said.
“Cut the small talk General what do you need?” I asked.
“That's what I love about you Sam always down to business. I was hoping maybe you could give me an idea how much longer we're going to be stuck here on this mountain,” he said.
“I don't know General. After hearing how many wounded you have and how sever their wounds are it's going to take longer then I hoped. White Rose elite should be there by this time tomorrow, but they won't be able to get you out on their own, and right now that's all I have available. It will take another week minimum to get a support team big enough to get everyone out. Until then White Rose elite will give what help they can to the wounded as well as setting up a camp that is better able to keep everyone safe. We'll be dropping supplies in about fifteen minutes. Don't look for parachutes since with how bad the cross winds are up here they would likely end up where you couldn't get to them. If you can have those healthy enough to get around help get the supplies gathered and back to your camp it would help,” I said.
“Understood Sam. I guess we'll just have to do the best we can until you get here,” he said.
“General I won't be with my elite team. Major June Collins will be commanding until we can get the men we'll need to get everyone out. Please General I do expect you to give Major Collins the same help and respect you would me, she is my second in command,” I said.
“Sam do you have any idea how hard it is for me to submit to a junior officer?” he asked.
“Would you rather submit to an NCO General? Sargent Denvers will be there as well as will Lieutenants Sanders and Graham. If you won't listen to Major Collins perhaps you would be willing to answer to one of them. General I'm sure you know what the mark of the White Roses, Roses are, and I have no doubt you'll understand that to ignore them is the same as ignoring the White Rose herself,” I said.
“You're sending one of your Roses?” he asked.
“No General I'm sending a pair of my Roses. They know their orders and I assure you General they won't listen to your orders any better than I did the first time we met. We're making our decent for the drop now General you should be able to hear our engines almost any time,” I said.
I cut off the radio and headed back to the cargo area to get Chris.
“Scott take your nav seat again please. Chris it's time for us to take over the controls,” I said.
“I'll be there as soon as this drop is made Sam,” Chris said.
“Jessica if you don't mind it might be better if I take over now,” I said.
She slid out of the seat and I quickly slid in.
“Chris will be coming in as soon as this drop is made Stephanie. You and Jessica need to get ready to soften the landing of the men and supplies, if you need help June can help make sure the weave is right and since her life will be on the line too, she'll make sure it's right,” I said.
I felt the magic as Jessica started working to soften the landing of the supplies we were dropping and all of a sudden felt the weave drop and start again. I could only assume June was giving advice about the spell Jessica was weaving and felt a small difference between this time and last. This weave felt stronger and softer at the same time, but didn't use near the energy of the magic as the first attempt had. June was helping, since she hadn't had the strength she learned to finesse so she could get the same or better results as someone much stronger in the magic.
I heard the cargo ramp lower and started the plane in a tree top run. It was up to Stephanie and I to let them know just when to let the supplies go and I wanted them as close to the camp as possible. The camp came into view and I hit the drop light and felt Jessica toss her weave around the supplies as they left the aircraft.
 As soon as the supplies were out I started climbing to head for where we would be dropping the men and remainder of the supplies.
“Ma'am since we should be alone where we're supposed to be jumping in, wouldn't it be easier if Jesse and I just transported us and the supplies we'll be taking?” Stephanie asked.
“I was going to do it a little different Stephanie,” I said.
I banked the plane and looked over at her to see if she understood. She sat there with a confused look and I placed all my men and the supplies less then a hours hike from where General Long and the victims of the plane crash were located.
Chapter 25
Chris came backup front with me as I turned the plane back for home. The flight home was uneventful and I did a few small jumps so we would get home sooner because I hated the thought of being away from the girls any longer than I needed to be.
“Sir if I'm reading this right we're less then an hour out of base, and should be coming on their scopes almost any time now,” Scott said.
Chris looked over at me and smiled.
“A little home sick are you?” Chris asked.
“You could say that. I just wish I could go home as soon as we're on the ground. Unfortunately though Curtis should have the radio setup and will be trying to get in touch with me,” I said.
Ten minutes later we had the base tower contacting us wanting to know if there was something wrong since we weren't scheduled back for several hours.
“Rose tower this is White Rose, nothing is wrong we just made better time than we figured,” I said.
“White Rose we have two ahead of you unless you are short on fuel. Ma'am they're both carrying new men for your company, if you would like we can have them wait on the flight line while you land,” the tower said.
“Thank you Rose tower, but if my squad leaders know they're coming in they can handle getting the new men checked in,” I said.
“Roger White Rose. They said something about not being able to find transportation to get the men to the barracks. By the time they can get here with the bus you should be on the ground,” the tower said.
“How much fuel do those planes have Rose tower? If I'm going to have to circle waiting for them you might be better off stacking them and letting me come in first,” I said.
“The runway is all yours then White Rose, the first one should be right on you six now,” the tower said.
“Scott have you got a call sign for that bird?” I asked.
Scott gave me the call sign and I switched the radio over to the standard frequency. I contacted the plane and told them to follow me in and taxi to my hanger since I had been informed their passengers were to fill out my company.
Chris stayed in contact with the tower on our frequency as we lined up to come in. we touched down and maintained power until we almost ran out of runway to give the other plane room to come in behind us, we turned onto the taxi way the other plane touched down. We made the turn for the hanger as the second plane touched down.
Chris' men were off the plane almost as soon as we stopped. I sat there doing my post flight and watched out the window as the men on the other two planes started getting off and lining up in ranks.
I knew most of them from the war and couldn't believe Jason was giving me the old company I had been with before creating White Rose.
“Aren't most of those men from Alpha company?” Chris asked.
I had tears running down my cheeks as they lined up in the different squads.
“You had something to do with this didn't you?” I asked Chris.
“Alpha company needed a commander and when they heard White Rose was going to be a full company...” Chris said.
I finished my post flight and headed back to the cargo area walking down the ramp changing my uniform over to a dress uniform while I was still far enough inside the plane no one but Chris would be able to see me.
When I stepped off the ramp the men were all called to attention and the ranking officer came over to me.
“Ma'am White Rose company reporting for duty,” the Captain said.
I knew there were still tears on my cheeks seeing so many familiar faces.
“Captain since it seems the base doesn't have any buses available how would you and your men like to go for a jog? I do expect everyone to keep up and I want some rather intensive training starting at oh five hundred. We have one week to be ready to move out, is that understood?” I said.
“Yes ma'am, would you care to inspect the men before we go for our jog ma'am?” the Captain said.
I walked down the ranks stopping on occasion to look at the men in the second and third ranks. These men all knew me, if not from having worked with me, by reputation.
“Let's take a jog Captain. The day isn't getting any younger and I would love to be able to spend some time with my children before they go to bed tonight,” I said.
He called the men to a march and then double time. I needed to know these men could do the job so Chris would be able to be here for the girls while I took care of a job people were counting on me to handle.
The men I already had, met us in front of the barracks and assured me they would see everyone was taken care of.
“Captain, I'm afraid I can't give these men a lot of time to come together. I do hope they still remember how to work together,” I said.
“Ma'am our old commander retired a week ago and they all asked me to see if there was any chance of getting in your company when we heard you were bringing White Rose back as a full company. They remember how to work together. I know there are a few men you might not know, but when we got the orders to come here and knew it was to be in your company they all heard the stories of the places you got us out of when you were second in command of Alpha company,” the Captain said.
“This isn't Alpha company Captain. When I created White Rose during the war I was never again identified with a company. Now that I'm a Colonel, White Rose is being expanded into a full company. Before we leave out in a week I expect everyone one of those men to have a White Rose company patch on their shirts, anyone that doesn't will be left here and when we get back transferred out of White Rose. That includes the officers,” I said.
“Yes ma'am,” he said.
I headed for the communications building and entered just as the radio cracked to life.
“White Rose One calling White Rose base, over,” Curtis' voice came over the radio,
What was Curtis doing calling on a different frequency than our common frequency.
“This is White Rose leader, over,” I said.
“We've reached the objective White Rose leader. General Long wishes to know how long before we can expect the help needed to get out of here,” Curtis said.
“That depends on just when you plan on using the right frequency to ask Sargent,” I said.
“I didn't really expect you to be available yet ma'am. If you would rather I can call back on that frequency,” Curtis said.
“In the future Sargent. Tell General Long we should be there to get everyone in two weeks,” I said.
“I assume Rose company will be giving us an assist then?” Curtis asked.
“No Sargent, White Rose company will be handling the rescue. I'm sure when you see who we have in our company you'll approve. Also, let big Mac know his old buddies will love seeing him again,” I said.
“I'll pass on the message ma'am. White Rose one out,” Curtis signed off.
From the communications building I headed for my office where I could go over the maps again.
“Anything I can do to help?” Chris asked.
“Sure you could have your company run mine through a rough training over the next two weeks,” I said.
“You do realize they've been together since you left with occasional replacements,” Chris said.
“Of course I realize they have besides they already told me they have. But I need them to be tougher than they were during the war, and other than my elite team yours is the only company I consider even close to what they need to be,” I said.
“So what route are you thinking of going?” he asked.
“I have no idea. No matter how we do it we have a thousand foot rock wall to descend. If we make the descent here where we'll be freshest we have a hell of a hike to get where we can get either choppers or planes in,” I said.
“What about here? You can make the descent in two stages rather than one,” Chris pointed out.
“That ledge isn't level enough, nor is it big enough,” I said.
“It could be both if you're willing to do what it takes. Sam those people would never know unless someone told them, and from how bad some of them are hurt, I doubt any of them would even think about it if they did know,” Chris said.
“That would be the shortest distance and we could get buses and trucks into the foot of the cliff. Another problem would be getting enough men on the ledge to handle recovery from the top then continuing the descent to the bottom. Chris it was so much easier when I had an enemy to worry about,” I said.
“I do understand. What greater battle is there though? I'm not sure my men and I could have handled what they're asking you to do. Sam I've seen you do what others thought wasn't possible enough times to believe you can handle this. You have a company that knows, and believes in you,” he said.
“And you have a company that believes in you. Can you think of anywhere around here we could practice rock climbing? It doesn't need to be a thousand feet or even five hundred for that matter, it just needs to be somewhere I can find out who is best able to ascend each level,” I said.
“I think I know somewhere that will meet your needs. The first person to go up will need to be able to set anchors that ropes could be tied to then everyone else could ascend via the ropes, something every man in special forces should be able to do with their eyes closed,” he said.
Chris told me where he was thinking we could practice, and I tried picturing it and came up with somewhere not far from where I thought he meant that would really show whether or not I had any billy goats in my company.
“Are you going to pick up the girls on the way home or do I need to?” I asked.
“Since I have the car I'll stop and get them. I already called and talked to your mom about it. I didn't tell her you came back with me, but I think she knows you did since she wasn't expecting me back until tomorrow,” Chris said.
I needed to take a look at what I had in the area where the ledge was. What were the chances of getting away without needing to use magic.
I looked over the area from the base of the cliff and noticed there were no roads coming in and the area was well forested but getting a couple buses and duce-and-a-half's out wouldn't really be much of a problem even without magic. I transported onto the ledge and saw just what I feared I'd find. While the ledge was wide enough to stand on comfortably, it wasn't really big enough to work on. I felt the rock and knew it wouldn't take much to enlarge the ledge to accommodate the need we had.
“Colonel?” Stephanie asked.
“How would you two like to work on making this ledge large enough to work from?” I asked.
“How much larger are we talking ma'am?” Jessica asked.
“I'd like to put at least a half dozen men on here with room to set up stretchers and let about six people stop to rest before descending the rest of the way down. If we could cut back into the rock wall about ten feet that should be about right,” I said.
“And you want it to look like nature did it?” Jessica asked.
“I would prefer it that way yes, but if that's to complicated then at least make it look like man did it using whatever kind of equipment it would take to do something like that,” I said.
I didn't stick around to go over any other details of what I wanted from them. They knew what I wanted and I was certain they had a good idea of how to accomplish it. If they didn't they could talk to June and maybe she could help them figure it out.
“Captain, do you know if any of these men are rock climbers?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am I do. There are at least five of us that go rock climbing every chance we get,” my new Captain said.
“Do you just climb on rocks or do you scale cliffs?” I asked.
“Both, why, if you don't mind my asking,” he said.
“I don't mind, but the reason will need to wait until tomorrow, I need to get home and see to my girls. Captain if I'm not here at oh five hundred I do still expect everyone to be working out by no later than oh five hundred. Believe me Captain there are more than enough people on this base that will let me know if you aren't,” I said.
“Everyone is here because they chose to be ma'am. We all knew it wouldn't be easy and we all know you're fair when you can be, but won't put up with any shit when things are such that you're giving orders that might not make a lot of sense,” the Captain said.
“I'd like to think my orders always make sense, but I know not everyone has all the information I might have. So I can understand why my orders might not make sense at times,” I said.
“Ma'am I don't know if you remember since it was the last mission Alpha company ever did with your White Rose, and I was only a Second Lieutenant at the time, but I did get to witness you in action. I saw how even the commander of Alpha company deferred to you,” the Captain said.
“I'm sorry Captain, but, no I don't remember, I had five different companies I was coordinating at the time and until recently I didn't remember any part of that mission,” I said.
I needed to get home, but I still wanted to check out the cliffs I wanted to have these men working out on. I needed to know if they were close enough to what we'd face, or if I needed to find somewhere else. The one thing I did know is I could now count on these men to follow my orders when doing so might be the only thing saving their lives.
I changed into my leather dress and headed for the gate making sure to follow the rules of the base. I didn't need any more delays in getting home and I still needed to take a look at the cliffs.
“It's beautiful up here isn't it?” a familiar voice said.
I turned around and noticed someone standing looking out over the valley.
“I guess so. I wasn't really paying much attention though,” I said.
“Maybe you should from time to time,” they said.
“I didn't really have time to ponder whether or not it's beautiful,” I said.
“That's why I'm here Sam, to try slowing you down so you can see the beauty of the natural world you live in,” they said.
“I agree that nature is beautiful, she is also wondrous in ability to incorporate mans attempts at civil destruction into her beauty,” I said.
“Is that why you didn't just ask nature to handle the problem of the ledge?” they asked.
“I know you, but I don't know how,” I finally said.
“Of all the children of men and magic only one has ever been chosen to be the Rose, only one ever showed the respect for nature required to have full access to natures power and still know there is a power even greater,” they said.
“Your nature then?” I asked.
“No, not really. I'm more just someone nature turns to when she needs someone to understand her better,” they said.
“So she feels I'm misusing the powers she gave me?” I asked.
“No, she just wants you to take a little more time for the things that really matter and stop worrying about the things that aren't important, at least stop worrying so much about them. Samantha she gave you the ability to do almost anything you can imagine, and finds it interesting that rather than doing what so many would do you choose to instead do things to preserve the balance of magical and non-magical,” they said.
“I'm still not convinced that magic is real. I know I can do things most can't begin to understand, but that doesn't make them magical,” I said.
“So tell me then, is the ability to love magic?” they asked.
“I don't know anymore. I thought maybe it was the only real magic, but if it is, how is it that everyone can learn it?” I asked.
“I'm a student myself Samantha. There are some questions I can answer, and some I can't. If you want to ask about the gifts of nature I can help, but love is one I'm not sure anyone can help you understand,” they said.
Chapter 26
“Mommy!” Nicole yelled running towards me as I walked in the door, her arms open to give me a hug.
I stooped down catching her and stood back up looking to see where Chris and Kathy might be.
“I missed you little one. Do you know where daddy and Kathy are?” I asked.
 I headed for the kitchen to see if perhaps they were in getting dinner ready.
“I thought we could go out tonight,” Chris said coming up behind me wrapping his arms around both Nicole and I.
“I'm not really sure I'm up to going out,” I said.
“Please mommy, daddy said we could go somewhere we don't have to dress really nice like at his restaurant,” Kathy said.
“Did he? I guess you all want to eat out then?” I asked.
Nicole nodded her head and then rested it on my shoulder.
“I guess I can wait to talk to Liz and Debra until tomorrow,” I said.
I didn't bother changing, if someone didn't like how I was dressed it was their problem not mine. Neither the girls nor Chris cared one way or the other, they only cared that we were all together.
“I'm sorry Miss, but we can't let you come in here dressed like that,” the hostess said, when we started to go in the restaurant. Chris was sure it wouldn't matter how we were dressed.
“It's Mrs, not Miss, and I don't see how the way I'm dressed should matter since there are others in here dressed a lot less modestly than I am,” I said.
“We don't allow motorcycle gang members in here,” the hostess said.
“I see so since I'm wearing a leather dress I'm automatically a member of some motorcycle gang. I'm sure my men would love to know they're now a biker gang, I'm also sure all the men whose lives I saved during the war would be interested in learning that as well. If White Rose is a motorcycle gang I guess I'll need to let all my men know they need to get motorcycles and start wearing leathers. However, since White Rose is a military, special forces company, I don't think the military would be very happy about us all dressing that way,” I said.
“You're the White Rose?” the hostess asked.
“I'm White Rose commander, if that makes me the White Rose then I guess I'm the White Rose,” I said.
“My uncle talks about you all the time. He said if it wasn't for White Rose he'd never have made it back from the war,” the hostess said.
“So does that mean my family and I can have a table, or do I put out the word on base that this restaurant is off limits to all military personnel?” I asked.
“I'm sorry ma'am, but I would lose my job if I let you in dressed like that,” they said.
“Why don't you get your manager over here then,” I said.
“He'll tell you the same thing ma'am,” she said.
A man came over who seemed to know Chris.
“Hey Chris I'm glad to see you decided to come try out my restaurant, it's not near as fancy as yours, but then my prices aren't nearly as high either,” the man said.
The man gave me a dirty look while he talked with Chris, the disgust he showed toward me started to show plainly, and Chris came over and put his arm around my shoulders.
“Kevin, I'd like you to meet my wife Samantha, the other Colonel Jacobs, and also the commander of White Rose company,” Chris said.
“I... I'm sorry Chris but...” Kevin stammered.
“Kevin I'm sorry, but if that's the kind of reception my wife is going to receive simply because she rode her bike to work and we didn't give her time to change when she got home, I'm not sure your restaurant is somewhere we can recommend. You could be serving the exact same meals my restaurant serves and your restaurant would still be marked off limits to all military personnel,” Chris said.
Chris and I turned toward the door and he held the door while I started through.
“Please Chris, it's just there are so many biker gangs and all looking for trouble. I had to draw the line somewhere,” Kevin said.
“It's not bikers that cause problems Kevin, it's people. When I ride my bike I'm dressed in leathers just as my wife is now. The real sad part here is that you just lost any and all business to military personnel. The base commander here is a dear friend of both mine and my wifes, and I seriously doubt he wouldn't agree with either of us in making this place off limits. In fact I can assure you that no one from either of our companies will ever set foot in here,” Chris said.
“I can take that a step further, no one associated with The White Rose or The White Lotus will ever step foot in here again, at least not as long as this man is controlling the business,” I said.
As I said what I did about no one associated with me more then half of the customers stood up and turned toward me, many of them having just been seated and others who had just placed their order.
As each of them passed me they each called me Mistress and walked out the door. I placed a hand on each of them letting them know I appreciated what they were doing on my behalf.
“I don't understand, why is everyone leaving like this?” Kevin asked.
“Because the White Rose does not support bigotry in any form. As my husband said he can assure you neither his Rose company, nor my White Rose company will ever set foot in this establishment, as I said I can take it even a step further and assure you that anyone associated with The White Rose or White Lotus will ever do business here. I am The White Rose, I am The White Lotus. If you listened you heard every one of those people who just left refer to me as Mistress. I am the first born of element, the first born of blood. I am the queen of the vampires and the witches. The elves bow to my wishes, the werewolves answer my call. They hear my thoughts and desires because they love The Rose with all their hearts. They know that the Rose demands only love and respect as payment for her blessing. When you know love and respect you will bow at my feet and I will forgive, until then none who have heard the voice of The Rose will ever again associate with you,” I said.
I turned to the door and Chris again reached out to open it for me.
“You're telling me all those people who just left here did so because I won't let you in? That somehow they all acknowledge you as their queen, or something like that?” Kevin asked.
“I am The Rose! Any who know the power of the elements, or the blood, are subject to me. They look to me for balance. They come to me for protection and justice. They know that my judgment is tempered with love. You should be glad I don't anger easily or your business might find itself in a dimension that none can enter save through the untempered power of both element and blood. For me it is but a small matter and none other on earth can match the power of The Rose in her anger. Mountains will move at my command, the oceans would become dry land if I asked. Governments would rise or fall if I but whispered the words. Do not seek the anger of She who commands both element and blood in their raw form,” I said.
I again turned and as I past through the doorway I raised my arm touching the door leaving a mark letting any who were of the Rose know this business was one that was unfriendly to the people of the Rose. I had no doubt anyone of those who looked to me would have any trouble understanding the mark and only those who know the power of either element or blood would be able to see the mark.
I listened for the door to close and knew that any of my people would turn away from this place, the door was locked to them.
There was a restaurant next door to this one that seemed of the same class and I insisted we go inside rather than look for somewhere else. I was both hungry and tired and I just wanted to sit down with my family and have a nice quiet meal.
When we entered the restaurant we were greeted with a big welcome and a smile.
“I guess our neighbor didn't understand who you are Mistress, you'll always be welcome here,” I was greeted.
“I'm glad to hear that, Natalie,” I said.
“You know me Mistress?” Natalie asked.
“You're a Rose witch aren't you?” I asked.
“Yes Mistress, I am,” she said.
“Just as the magic tells you who I am it also tells me who you are,” I said.
“I never thought of that,” she said.
Natalie showed us to a table and I asked if it were possible to get something a little more off to the side. The last thing I wanted was to be the center of attention, and from what I could feel and see, the center of attention would be exactly what I'd be if we took the table offered.
Dinner passed quickly the servers were very efficient in their jobs and Chris made sure to let them know we appreciated their efforts. The only place I thought we might have received better service might have been Chris' restaurant, and even there it would have been close.
With how close this restaurant was to base I thought about making it my choice for lunch.
I needed to get some sleep since I have never slept well on an airplane and I piloted half way to dropping my unit and all the way back. Chris helped me in the car after dinner and I was asleep before he got the kids settled, and himself in.
If I dreamed, I didn't remember it, and from what Chris said I hadn't moved other than what movement the car caused all the way home, but as soon as he pulled in the garage I woke up.
“You had a nice nap it seems,” he said.
“I feel a lot better than I've felt for some time,” I said.
We got the girls into their pajamas, promising they could stay up until we were ready to go to bed.
“Mom, you won't be home when we get up will you?” Kathy asked.
“No honey I won't. I need to be at work by five o'clock in the morning so I need to leave here no later than four. I promise I'll look in on you and give you both a kiss before I go though, and you know you can talk to me anytime you need to. If you need something I'll always make time for you,” I said.
Both girls were asleep by their usual bedtime and Chris and I headed to bed as soon as we had them tucked in.
I slept soundly though did have a couple dreams that seemed out of place. The talk I had with the source kept creeping in and tilting the dreams just a little.
Each time I tried doing something in my dreams the magic would slip in and change the conditions so I had to use magic to compensate, something I was trying to avoid doing in hopes of winning the hearts of not only those who had access to the elements or blood, but also those who didn't. I wanted so much to let love control. Love, the one magic all could share in equal measure.
 I felt so tired, even in my dreams I felt tired. I got out of bed at two o'clock having given up on finding a way of accomplishing what I wanted. If I couldn't control it in my dreams I didn't hold out much hope of finding a way of doing so outside of my dreams. I got dressed and went for a run. There had to be a way. Those without element or blood magic were still our brothers and sisters, they were still able to practice the greatest of all magic. There had to be a way of showing them they weren't really any different then we were.
I went the ten miles I normally ran and turned back toward the house. I rounded the corner by Elaine and Kevin's and almost ran over Debra and Liz.
“I didn't expect to see you two here,” I said.
“We didn't know you were going to be home for a while either, so I guess we're all full of surprises,” Debra said.
They both looked like they wanted to hide.
“Dare I ask what you're doing here this late, or early?” I asked.
“Elaine called and said she thought she heard something. We figured that since you seemed to like her and did offer her your protection...” Liz tried.
“I guess that explains nothing, since if there had been trouble I'm sure I would have known before now. You wouldn't care to try again would you?” I asked.
“Not really.” Liz answered.
“Kathy asked me to help Kevin learn his magic, Liz wants to learn it as well and offered to help me learn the blood magic since it's now available to me as well,” Debra said.
“Now that explanation I can accept though I wouldn't have thought you'd be giving lessons at this time of day. I can only guess Liz tried to tell you it was easier to use blood magic at night,” I said.
They both started laughing, and I knew nothing that had been said thus far was even close to the truth, and they weren't going to tell me the real reason they were in my neighborhood. I could have forced them to tell me, but I wanted them to trust me enough to tell me on their own, if they didn't think I needed to know the reason I needed to trust them as well. I entrusted them with more than they could imagine was possible now I had to trust I hadn't made a mistake in what I had given.
“When you're ready to tell me the truth I'll be ready to listen, I just hope you both know how much I trust and love you.” I turned to continue home and head for work.
“Sam! Elaine and Kevin offered to let us stay here with them. We were headed to your place in hopes of talking to Chris if he's home to let him know we would love to take care of the girls when you and him have to be gone,” Debra said.
“Chris won't be up for another hour. My mom has offered though it does frighten her since the girls are vampires. I'll leave it to Chris to make the decision,” I said.
I pulled on base and headed for my office. I still had an hour before the men were supposed to assemble on the parade grounds to start their training, and I wanted to go over the files of those I didn't know.
I fixed a pot of coffee and started looking for the files, hoping they would be in either June or Mac's office, after looking in June's office I headed for Mac's and was met in the company outer office by Captain Reynolds who I talked with when they all arrived.
“I saw the lights and came over to see who it might be. Ma'am the men are all anxious to get started. So rather then waiting until oh five hundred wanted to start at oh four hundred. They're all gathered on the parade ground now,” Captain Reynolds said.
“I see, well it's just me and I was having trouble sleeping as well. It seems everyone is having trouble sleeping this morning. Tell me Captain do you know if the personnel files for everyone were sent yet?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am they were, I have them in my room. I meant to bring them in right after breakfast. If you'd rather I could go get them now,” he said.
“After breakfast will be fine, I was just hoping to go over the files of those men I'm not familiar with before we started training,” I said.
“Ma'am I know all the men in the unit, and you did ask me if any of them were skilled at rock climbing. I couldn't help but wonder if there's a reason for that question?” he asked.
“There is a reason, but I have another question before I'm willing to answer that one. How many of the men in the company know who I am?” I asked.
“Ma'am when you were inspecting the men yesterday they all saw the marks on your face,” he said.
“Everyone of those men have either elemental or blood magic?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am. I think the only ones that don't have magic are the ones from you old White Rose that were already here,” he said.
“I didn't take the time to notice yesterday. Captain I want those with experience scaling cliffs gathered after breakfast. I'll explain why then,” I said.
I went out to the parade grounds and saw all the men standing there and felt the combined strength of all of them and nodded. The combined strength of these men almost equaled the strength of my special unit that was already in the field.
“Gentlemen, I have no idea what you expected when you agreed to become White Rose, and frankly I don't give a damn what you expected. If you hope to remain in White Rose you'll have to become better than you ever imagined possible. When we're in the field you will follow my orders without question, I won't promise you'll come home otherwise. I'm sure you are all aware there were three of my former White Rose reconnaissance unit here when you arrived. Those three men have earned my trust without question, just as have many of you, but there are some of you here I haven't met as yet, and from what I understand you all heard the stories about what White Rose reconnaissance did during the war. I don't know how true those stories are, and again I don't care what you may have heard. You aren't White Rose until one of three people give you the patch you'll wear for the remainder of your military career. Once you are White Rose you will always be White Rose and that means if you've earned the right to wear the patch it is part of your uniform from then on,” I said.
I looked over the ranks and pulled a handful of White Rose patches out of what appeared to be my pocket.
“I have here a patch for each of you who have earned my trust from the work we did during the war. You know stories I know you haven't told. You were under my command and stood up for me when we lost one commander after another, when I was still part of Alpha company,” I said.
I walked through the ranks handing out the patches skipping over someone here and there wishing I felt comfortable giving a patch to all the men standing there, but wanting those I hadn't given a patch to, to know it was something they really needed to earn, being in White Rose should be an honor as high as any honor the military had.
“For those of you I didn't give a patch that doesn't mean you can't become part of White Rose. It does however mean that either I know to little about you, or feel you haven't given what you are fully capable of. Lieutenant Johnson, Captain Reynolds will be drawing some of the men out of the rank, I would like you to take everyone left and see about getting at least ten miles in before breakfast,” I said.
I waited while Captain Reynolds chose out the men he was sure were involved in rock climbing. As soon as Captain Reynolds stepped back over with me Lieutenant Johnson called everyone to attention and closed the ranks and headed off. I lead Captain Reynolds and the men he selected back to my office. I noticed a couple of them I had given a patch to, and two of them were from my old White Rose unit.
“You men were chosen because Captain Reynolds seems to think you're good at climbing rock walls. We'll find out because your training for the next couple days will be doing just that. I need at least four of you capable of being mountain goats and going up a five hundred feet cliff to a shelf where we will be setting up a triage then lowering the wounded to the ground. My recon unit is already in place that's where I was coming back from when you all arrived here. They have everything they'll need to lower the people from the top so it will be up to the rest of the company to get them from the ledge that's about half way down the cliff to the ground. If you're wondering why we aren't just going in with helicopters, the forestation and canyons make trying to pilot a helicopter more risky, and rather than just having people trapped we could end up with people dead,” I said.
I pulled the maps of where we were doing the rescue and the maps where they would be working out getting ready.
“We have two weeks to be ready or my husbands company will be going instead. We have to have those people out before winter sets in and from the looks of the storm patterns that won't be long,” I said.
“Ma'am you do realize you're asking us to train here under winter conditions?” one of the men said.
“We don't have people we're rescuing here, people who are wounded and just want to get home where they can get the best medical care. Right now those people only have a couple medics, and I'm not ashamed to say the best medics the military has, but still just medics,” I said.
They each came over studying the maps. Looking for who knew what.
“Ma'am This one you said is local here?” one of the men asked.
“I'll take you all out there after breakfast, but yes it's local,” I said.
“How much does it really look like this other geographically?” they asked.
“The rock wall looks very much the same, but the surrounding area is not much like what we'll face there. That area is a rain forest and I don't know of anything even close that offers that kind of foliage,” I said.
“But the wall is very much the same?” they asked.
“I can't promise that either to me they look about the same, but I'm not a geologist,” I said.
“I was only asking because the rock in the mountains on this map are not volcanic or sandstone while if I'm not mistaken the mountains around here are either volcanic or sand stone,” they said.
“All I know is the rock wall in both look very much the same,” I said.
“Ma'am will we be allowed to pick out our own gear for the climb?” one of them asked.
“Of course. Get me a list of what you'll need and I'll make sure you get it,” I said.
They all huddled into a knot and started talking about things I had never heard of and really didn't care to learn about, after about a half hour they broke their huddle and Captain Reynolds said they'd all come to a consensus on what equipment they would need and how much rope and cable they would need as well.
Chapter 27
I took them out to where I was sure would be a good place for them to workout after they grabbed all the gear they had with them for climbing. As they started getting their gear ready to go a national park ranger stopped to find out what we thought we were doing.
“Excuse me folks, but I can't let you climb here,” the ranger said.
“Really? You really think you can get your office to tell me I can't use this rock wall to have my men prepare for a mission? Officer I have an idea you call your office and tell them you have White Rose out here trying to climb this rock face and see just how far it gets you. While you're talking to them make sure to mention my name Colonel Samantha Jacobs, and if they need to talk to someone about this they can call General Jason Talbot with the Joint Chiefs. If you'd rather stand here arguing with me though I can assure you that you better get about a hundred more officers here if you hope to stop us,” I said.
“The only White Rose I know of was commanded by a Captain Sam Waters. I heard he retired,” the ranger said.
“I did, but they wanted me back enough to make me a Colonel and rather than just a reconnaissance unit I'm now in command of a company. So you understand my maiden name is Waters, Jacobs is my married name and my husband is Colonel Christopher Jacobs, Rose company commander,” I said.
“Ma'am I'll need to verify you have authorization to have your men work out here,” he said.
“By all means officer and while you're getting that my men will start their ascent, we are on a very tight schedule and the more time they can get in the better,” I said.
“I can't let you do that ma'am. Until I get the okay I can't let your men start climbing,” he said.
I had him on the ground as soon as he stopped talking, with my forty-five against his head.
“I told you who I am, and you've obviously heard of me. I'm willing to let you talk to your office about this, but we'll now do so in person so there is no misunderstanding,” I said.
We were in the office of the national parks director in Washington DC.
“Is there a problem Colonel?” I was asked.
“I'm sure this man thinks there is, though at the moment I'm not sure he understand just where we are,” I said.
“I see. You are Colonel Samantha Jacobs, are you not? I just received word that we are to grant you whatever you need. Does that clear up the problem?” the man asked.
“It does for me. How about you officer does that clear the matter for you? I hope you don't mind but this is the director of the national parks, we really are in Washington DC,” I said.
“Colonel you do realize he can't see the marks on your face as I can,” the parks director said.
“He does know at least one or two of the stories about me though. Officer do you understand who this man is, and what he said about interfering with me or my men?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am I know who this is and what he said about interfering with you and your men. I think though for safety sake it would be best if we close off that canyon while you're using it for training purposes,” he said.
“That would be fine. My men that will be training on that rock wall will either have my White Rose patch or be with someone who does. Not all of my company have earned their patches just yet,” I said.
I waited watching my men scaling the wall and knew we were going to need to bring in hoists to lower everyone down. That would mean either I use my magic, or we would need to be able to put enough men on the ledge to raise them manually.
“Ma'am I was just wondering why you don't just use your magic? It would make the job easier and take much less time,” Captain Reynolds said.
“Captain do you want to come up with a way of explaining to the men in this company without magic, or those trapped on that mountain without magic, or how about our superiors without magic just how I managed to do it? Right now you are third in command in this company. I'm hoping you wouldn't mind pulling together another elite team of twelve to fifteen men I could call on if like now my first team is not available. I want it to be a team like my White Rose reconnaissance unit was,” I said.
“How big of a pool will I have to choose from?” he asked.
“Is the company a big enough pool? Captain the only company off limits is Rose company, and the people on my first team. Major Collins will have direct command of that team, and most of them have worked together since White Rose became a unit,” I said.
“So you're saying I have access to most of the military to choose from?” he asked.
“That's what I'm saying, but remember I do have the final say in anyone you choose. Anyone not already in the company I'll have to get transferred into the company,” I said.
Half of the men were at the top of the wall and helping the others the remainder of the way. I looked at the gear they had littered across the face of the wall and turned to Captain Reynolds.
“We can't leave that gear on the wall like that, and I want them taking every possible path to the top they can find,” I said.
“We never leave our gear behind ma'am and whenever we've come across gear left by others have taken it back with us. As for finding every possible way up that wall, I assure you, you don't need to worry everyone here will know every square inch of that wall before the week is out. Ma'am there is one thing though. It's one thing to climb this wall but from the sounds of it we're going to be trying to lower wounded people off that mountain. We could do that with pulleys and make shift riggings, but it would be much easier if we had something better like cable winches and extend-able boom riggings that can be anchored into the rock,” Captain Reynolds said.
“I've been thinking about that and I believe I know a way of solving that problem without going outside the company or having to buy anything special, I'll get with some of the men I think just might be able to solve the problem of your booms and winches. As for the list of equipment you gave me I should have it for you by morning,” I said.
I didn't stay around long enough for everyone to get back down, I had some shopping to do and it was now late enough in the day the stores I needed to go to should be open. I was going to catch hell for getting the things I was going to get, but I knew if I waited and went through proper channels the chances were what I needed and what I got might not be the same thing.
I stopped at the only store I knew of in town that carried the things on the list Captain Reynolds had given me and looked for someone who could help me.
“May I help you ma'am?” a sales clerk asked.
“That depends, I need to get a rather lengthy list of items and most of what is on the list I have no idea what it is. Also, can you tell me if you know anything about climbing in the Andie's?” I asked.
I held out the list and the guy let out a whistle.
“Looking at this list I would guess you're going on a rescue mission not a trip for enjoyment,” he said.
“Do you have everything on the list, or not?” I asked.
“We have it alright, I'm just not sure we can have it all together today. That's an awful lot of rope,” he said.
“I need everything on that list within three days. Don't try varying the list, if you don't have, or can't get something in time let me know so I can know what alternatives to get, the guys I have using this stuff do know what it all is,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I do understand and I do believe we do have everything on the list,” he said.
“I need the climbing stuff by the time you open in the morning the rest as soon as you can have it ready,” I said.
“Yes ma'am. That patch you have on is an interesting patch. What does it mean?” he asked.
“It means I am the company commander of White Rose. My husbands company patch looks a lot like it only instead of a white rose his has a pink rose,” I said.
“You're the White Rose? My cousin will freak if he finds out I met you. He said The White Rose was the only reason he made it home from the war,” the man said.
“You can tell you cousin the White Rose isn't just a reconnaissance unit any longer, it's now a full company and Captain Waters is now Colonel Jacobs,” I said.
“I'll do that ma'am, and thanks for getting him back home to us,” the man said.
“It was the least I could do,” I said.
I headed for the door and over heard someone talking to the salesman I'd just dealt with.
“Who was that Timmy?” they asked.
“She said her name is Colonel Jacobs, company commander of White Rose,” Timmy said.
“I thought you said your cousin told you White Rose was just a reconnaissance unit, twelve men or something like that,” the other person said.
“Yea, he did. She said to let my cousin know White Rose is now a full company and Captain Waters is now Colonel Jacobs,” Timmy said.
I smiled as the door closed behind me.
I headed back to base to find out who among the men could build the winches we would need to complete this mission.
“I hear you've been busy this morning,” Jason said.
“I'd tell you to kiss my ass, but you would probably try it,” I said.
“Is that anyway for an officer to talk?” Jason asked.
“It is since you couldn't be bothered to tell me I was getting Alpha company. Do you mind if I sit at my desk so I can get some work done?” I asked.
He stood up and walked back around my desk allowing me to have my desk.
“You don't have Alpha company. There is no Alpha company any longer,” Jason said.
“Jason those men are still Alpha company, until I they're all wearing my White Rose. Tell me something, do you know if any of them know anything about designing and building something like a winch capable of raising and lowering a man on a stretcher between five hundred and a thousand feet?” I asked.
“I believe there are a couple of them capable of something like that, though I can't imagine why you would need something like that,” he said.
“I need something like that because not all those people trapped on that mountain know about the kind of magic we have. I need something like that because trying to explain how I managed to get those people out with magic would be a virtual nightmare. Let me guess you're the only person who would ever see my reports?” I asked.
“No I'm not the only one who will see your reports. Sam I didn't think about the need for you to hide who you are any longer. I know there's little you couldn't do with your magic, and I didn't think about the fact there are others who don't know, and wouldn't understand, who will have access to your reports,” he said.
“Now you're aware,” I said.
“Yes now I'm aware. So can you tell me how much longer it will be before you can get them off that mountain?” he asked.
“We'll be leaving as soon as I feel comfortable with these men and what they can do. I know a few of them, but most of them I don't know. It would also help if I had all the equipment we'll need, I was going to fill out a requisition for some of the equipment I just ordered that I knew I wouldn't be able to get through the standard channels,” I said.
“So you're seeking reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses?” he asked.
“Look Jason I know I'm going to catch hell trying to get reimbursed for what I just bought. That the powers that be, are going to question why I went outside the normal channels for rope and other things for rock climbing. Hell they're likely as not to think I'm taking my company on vacation, but if you expect me to do my job I need the best equipment I can get, and that sure as hell isn't what's available through the normal channels. You can either tell them to reimburse me, or not, but if I end up footing the bill for this mission it will be the last mission I'll ever do,” I said.
“It won't be the last one you do Sam. You'll be reimbursed, even if I have to do it out of my own pocket,” he said.
“So you're telling me you have a few thousand dollars you can afford to part with just to keep me around? Jason I agreed to come back simply because you were willing to risk retirement to get me the eagles sitting on my shoulders. I appreciate that you want me around badly enough to do that, but I won't accept your money for this. Either the government can make sure the bill for the equipment I bought gets paid or they can send me a reimbursement check. If they can't do that they don't need me as badly as my people do. Every minute I spend in this uniform takes time away from my girls and husband, it makes taking care of The Rose just that much harder. I love this country, but I love my people more,” I said.
He gave me a dirty look, but didn't say anything for some time. I started filling out the requisition forms for the equipment I just bought, and someone knocked on the door.
“It's open Lieutenant. Is there something I can do for you?” I asked.
“The men are back from breakfast ma'am,” he said.
“Lieutenant do you know who in the company knows about mechanics. Preferably electronics?” I asked.
“I could ask around the men ma'am,” he said.
“You do that Lieutenant, when you have them tell them to report to me. In the mean time I want everyone going through the different training facilities available on this base. If none of the men can remember where they are you can go to Colonel Christopher Jacobs and see if his men will show you were they are. Lieutenant I want everyone in this company shooting at least top marksman. Anyone who can't hit the target every time will work on being able to until they can, or ask for a transfer. The obstacle course is another one and I'll set the minimum time for completion before I go home tonight,” I said.
“Yes ma'am,” he said.
“Lieutenant there is one more thing, I need a pencil pusher and scrounge, preferably rolled into one. I want them here asap,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I think I know just the man,” he said.
I looked over at Jason and smiled.
“If this guy the Lieutenant sends me is worth anything, it should make getting reimbursed simply a matter of having him fill out the right forms,” I said.
“I think I know who he has in mind. The man would be a menace on the battlefield but is a whiz in the office,” Jason said.
“I take it he wasn't part of Alpha company,” I said.
“He became part of Alpha company right after you came home. Jack left him on base because he had trouble figuring out which end of the gun the bullets came out, but after he took over as company clerk Alpha company was probably the best equipped company over there,” he said.
Great I was going to have someone on my team who couldn't do anything but shuffle papers.
“Jason I have a lot of work to do over the next few days, if all you're here for is to socialize I'd prefer you find somewhere else to be. I'm sure Chris would love to have you stop by for dinner tonight, but if so you'll need to get the time from him,” I said.
He stood up and turned to the door opening it just in time for some young Sargent that still looked wet behind the ears to stop short of bowling him over.
“Come in Sargent. I'm guessing Lieutenant Johnson sent you to see me,” I said.
“Yes ma'am he did. He said you needed someone who could handle the duties of a company clerk,” he said.
“And you have those skills?” I asked.
“I'll do my best ma'am,” he said.
I looked the kid over and his past with Alpha company came rushing forward. Colonel Albright was one of the best field commanders in the special forces, but was horrible when it came to paperwork. This young Sargent had become a valuable part of Alpha company once Jack made him his company clerk, like Jason said, he was out of his element in the field, but in an office there were few who could match him.
“Tell me Sargent when you volunteered to transfer to White Rose was it in hopes of becoming my company clerk?” I asked.
“No ma'am. I was hoping that maybe under your command I might finally be able to go in the field with the rest of the company,” he said.
“Why do you want to risk your life in the field Sargent?” I asked.
“Risk my life? I don't think I understand, ma'am,” he said.
“It's simple. Every time we're called on there's a chance we might not be coming back, a chance of being killed to defend the rights of everyone in this country,” I said.
“I never thought of that ma'am. Listening to the stories the other guys tell...” he started.
“They're stories Sargent. I have no doubt there is some truth in them, but I also have no doubt they have been embellished to make them more interesting. Every one of the men who served under my command during the war knew on every mission that it might be their last. They knew they'd make it back home unless we were all killed, but it might be in a body bag. I have no doubt they thought I lost my mind a few times when they found out what I intended to discourage the enemy from giving chase,” I said.
“It's my understanding ma'am that all your men made it back without a scratch,” he said.
“Of course they did Sargent, of course they did, and we all bought ocean front property in Kansas as well. I hate to think how many times my men were wounded. How many times we came so close to not making it back at all. You want the truth talk to the men that served under me on those missions, that is if you can get them to talk about it,” I said.
“Ma'am I just wanted you to know I'm not afraid,” he said.
“Good because I've seen your file and if you think I want you out on the lines with me you're out of your mind. I don't want any of these men to have to face an enemy where they might not come home alive, but I can't protect them from that as long as the covens and clans are divided. I can't protect them from that if I can't find a way of letting those who don't have the ability for either elemental or blood magic know, we who do, are not a threat to them,” I said.
I handed him the invoices for the things I'd purchased that morning and told him to see that those invoices were either paid or the proper forms filed to insure I would be reimbursed for the cost. He started telling me what forms he would need and I just looked at him.
“I guess that desk out there is mine then ma'am?” he asked.
“Yes Sargent it is and you'll be responsible for keeping people out of my office who have no business in my office along with directing everyone to either Sargent Denvers, Major Collins or myself. The phones are yours as well, in essence Sargent you are now my company clerk. I expect to see the White Rose company insignia on your uniform starting tomorrow,” I said.
“I won't be wearing fatigues though will I?” he asked.
“I don't mind you wearing them on occasion, but I would rather you wear something other than fatigues most of the time. You'll be the first person someone stopping in here will see, and I expect you to show them we are professionals,” I said.
“Ma'am is there anyone you don't want disturbing you?” he asked.
“Not really though if Colonel Jacobs or my children call I do expect you to let me know immediately. Colonel Jacobs is to have access to me if at all possible and that includes if I am in a meeting, even if someone other than me tells you we shouldn't be disturbed,” I said.
I went over the maps again trying to find the best way of getting the buses and trucks into where we would need them. There weren't many roads and the closest airstrip was a lot farther than I wanted to have to go. I had a pilot I knew I could count on, and if she wasn't sure about the area it would be up to me to land and then take off again.
I needed satellite photos of the area and the fresher the photos the better. Unfortunately the one man I knew I had that would be able to get me those photos was helping with the people trapped on that damned mountain.
“Excuse me ma'am the men you wanted to see,” Lieutenant Johnson said.
“Come in gentlemen. See if you can't find enough chairs even if you need to take them from the other offices,” I said.
I continued looking over the maps while they all found chairs and brought them in. I heard the door close and looked up.
“Gentlemen I need some help with a project. We're going to need at least eight winches capable of handling at least five hundred pounds for at least five hundred feet and if they can do it for a thousand feet it would be even better. You won't have a power source other than vehicle batteries and I would rather not have to use the vehicles batteries if I can keep from it. Also, we'll need to rig the winches to a frame that will swing at least ninety degrees with a reach of at least ten feet from the pivot.”
“What about using portable generators, ma'am?” one of the men asked.
“How many could you run off a single generator? Keep in mind that this all has to be very portable and able to fit on three trucks and five buses. Along with the men here and the thirteen men already in place as well as two dozen wounded civilians,” I said.
“It might help if we had a better idea what you mean by portable? I mean it sounds like you intend to use the buses for ambulances and the trucks for the men and equipment,” the ranking Sargent in the group said.
“If that isn't enough vehicles we might be able to get a couple more buses and trucks, but I would like to keep that equipment down as low as possible since there aren't many roads into where we're going, and the closest air strip is well over a hundred miles away,” I said.
They all started looking at the map I had laying on my desk.
“Ma'am is this the best information you have to go on? What about satellite photos?” the ranking NCO asked.
“Right now this is all we have. My man for getting me up to date satellite photos is unable at the moment since he's with the rest of the reconnaissance team tending to the injured and working to get them stabilized enough to travel,” I said.
“I think we have someone capable of something like that ma'am,” Lieutenant Johnson said.
“I was hoping you might say something like that Lieutenant. The rest of you know what I need now see what you can come up with for us. Lieutenant Whoever this communications officer is make sure he knows I want those satellite photos yesterday, here are the coordinates for the area we're talking about,” I said.
Chapter 28
The next few days were incredibly busy trying to get everything set to go. The men who would be going up first cut their time almost in half once they got the new gear I bought them. The men designing and building the winches and rigging to lower the injured said they should have it ready, but weren't sure it would be in time to give it a trial run before we needed to go if I insisted on maintaining the schedule I had given. The satellite photos of the area at first showed nothing we needed to be concerned with other than some nasty terrain, but that didn't mean it would stay that way.
The men all had their orders, some of them obviously not liking the fact I wasn't as flexible about them carrying out those orders as they assumed I would be from the stories they heard. Even some of them who worked with me during the war seemed to think I was less willing to listen to them about what they thought.
“It's a lot different running an entire company than a small reconnaissance unit,” Chris said.
“They think I'm not willing to listen to them. Do you ever have that problem with Rose company?” I asked.
“Whenever I get someone new I have that problem. In time they'll understand,” he said.
“And what if they don't? What if they think I'm being unreasonable? Chris I can't have anyone in this company that resents my orders, or how I do things. If they think I'm unreasonable as a company commander how do they feel about me as the head of Rose coven and clan? You know, I didn't ask for any of this,” I said.
“Give it time. You never should have gotten this mission because you didn't have time to get your company setup and working. Maybe this mission will pull them together, maybe it will show who can't fit in this company,” he said.
“I have to do this, you know that, don't you?” I asked.
“I know you think you have to. and I can accept that. To be honest I'm not sure anyone else could do this mission,” he said.
“Can I count on your help?” I asked.
“There's something you aren't telling me isn't there?” he asked.
“It's a feeling. Just a feeling right now, but I think there's going to be trouble no one knows about. You know that part of the world is in a state of chaos. There are drug cartels that control the hard to reach parts. I have a feeling this is going to make the war seem like child's play,” I said.
“I'll have my men start pulling satellite images of the surrounding area. Sam if you need Rose company we'll always be there for you. I think my men would rather work for you then me anyway,” he said.
“I wish I had Curtis here to tap into the satellites, he seems to know just what I need and be able to give it to me,” I said.
“Colonel Jacobs?” Lieutenant Johnson said sticking his head in the door.
Chris and I both turned to him, and I nodded for him to come in.
“What do you have Lieutenant?” I asked.
He gave Chris a dirty look unsure about letting him know what it was he needed.
“Lieutenant, Colonel Jacobs is my husband, and we have no secrets from each other. Anything you need to tell me he will find out about if I feel he needs to, if this is about the mission, his Rose company will be providing and back up we might need,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, Lieutenant Adams said he's starting to get the satellite images you wanted now. You did say you wanted to be notified as soon as possible,” Lieutenant Johnson said.
“Do you know if he has control of the satellite?” I asked.
“No ma'am I don't,” he said.
I shook my head. I hoped he would be able to gain control of the satellite so he could get whatever pictures I wanted.
Chris followed us over to the communications building and stopped one of his men on the way telling them to have his communications officer meet us in case we needed him to help gain control of the satellite.
“Lieutenant Adams, I understand you're finally starting to get me those satellite images I asked for yesterday,” I said.
“Yes ma'am. I'm sorry it's taken me so long,” he said.
“Just show me what you have,” I said.
He showed me a computer screen and said if I would give him a moment he would transfer the image to the big central screen so it would be easier to see. 
“Lieutenant tell me you have control of that satellite,” I said.
“I wish I could ma'am then I could keep it where we can get up to date photos. These photos are some it took yesterday when it passed over the area,” he said.
“Then they're worthless to me Lieutenant. Nothing in these photos is worth a damn if it isn't current,” I said.
Chris' communications officer walked in and looked from Chris to me and back to Chris.
“Norm we need live photos of the area shown, and we need them as soon as possible,” Chris said.
“Yes sir I'll get on it right away,” Norm said.
“How long do you think it'll take to acquire a satellite so we can get it to take whatever picture we feel we need?” I asked.
“Give me a chance to locate what satellites there are in position and I'll let you know, but it shouldn't be more than twenty minutes,” Norm said.
“Good. While you're at it make sure Lieutenant Adams here knows how to acquire and lock a satellite in the future,” Chris said.
“I'll do that sir. Can I ask were you'll be so when I have the satellite I can let you know?” he asked.
“We'll be having a cup of coffee in the officers mess,” Chris said.
Chris insisted that I walk over to the officers chow hall with him and we both ordered a cup of coffee. I insisted we sit out of the way because I hated the officers chow hall. If the food in the main chow hall was good enough for all the enlisted men in my company it was good enough for me as well.
“These people working in here tend to be married to the base personnel. I think a couple of them are wives to some of your men,” Chris said.
“They are and most of them are also members of either the coven or the clan. Chris I really don't feel like I belong here,” I said.
“Why Sam? You're an officer so have every right to come here. It isn't like the main chow hall where if you're living in the barracks the meals are part of the perks of being in the military. In here it's more like going to a restaurant,” he said.
“I see that, and that's part of the problem. Most of my men already think I can't relate to them, if I start coming here for lunch they'll really think I can't relate,” I said.
“Have you ever watched how they react when you go in their chow hall? They get nervous having an officer especially one as high ranking as we are in a place where they don't normally need to think about protocol. You need to stop worrying about whether or not they like you and start acting like the officer you are,” he said.
“My reconnaissance team loved having me join them for lunch,” I said.
“Those men all know you on a first name basis. They knew what you would put up with and what you wouldn't. They all knew you just wanted to belong, and with them you did belong, but these men don't know you and most of them when they see you, see only those eagles sitting on your shoulders,” he said.
I stuck my tongue out at him, but understood what he was saying. The men I had on that mountain knew me, and even among them there were only a couple who didn't treat me as anything other than a friend, because of my rank.
“Sir, ma'am, they said they're ready for you now,” a Sargent said.
I stood up and Chris reach out taking my hand.
“I hope what I said made some sense. Those men all volunteered to be part of your company because they believe in you. You have a reputation no one else has, and the chance to wear your White Rose is something they thought they could only dream about. Even I feel fortunate to be able to wear your White Rose along with my own Rose, it tells me I have the potential of being one of the best,” Chris said.
“You wear my White Rose because you earned it Chris, that you also happen to be my husband helped, but even that wouldn't have gotten you my White Rose patch,” I said.
He laughed, as he stood up walking around the table so we could walk together back over to the headquarters building.
I noticed when I stepped in the room we had they already had the satellite feed up on the big screen.
“Can you zoom out a little I want to be able to see a fifty mile radius around where those people are trapped,” I said.
The photo zoomed out and the fear I had been feeling was confirmed. I didn't know if Chris saw what I did, or not, but if the details we saw were accurate it would take both mine and Chris' full companies to get those people out of there.
Captain can you zoom in on this area,” I asked circling the area I wanted made bigger, “a five mile radius if you can,” I said.
The area I asked for filled the screen.
“I want everyone out of here now. Everyone but my husband and you Captain Eldridge. I want that screen blanked until everyone is out,” I said.
We stood there waiting as everyone but the three of us stood and headed for the door.
“Do you mind telling me what that was all about Sam?” Chris asked.
“It was about why they wanted me to take this mission. About why they hoped I would be willing to use my magic to get those people out of there. Captain please bring that picture back up and zoom in a little closer if you can,” I said.
As the details started to sharpen Chris' face changed.
The idea of his wife taking a company of men who weren't use to her as their commander into a situation like this was turning into, frightened him.
“Rose company is going in with Sam, I'm not going to take no for an answer,” Chris said.
“I wasn't going to say no Chris, I just hope both our companies will be enough to quell this and get those people out,” I said.
Chuck walked in, saw the display on the big screen, and let out a whistle.
“I haven't seen anything like that since the war, and the last time I saw anything this bad was just before you came home Sam,” Chuck said.
“Thanks Chuck, that instills a lot of confidence,” I said.
“I got a call from Washington they want one of you two and they said they didn't care which,” Chuck said.
“Did they try calling either of our offices?” Chris asked.
“I have no idea. All I know for sure is they said Jason is supposed to be here somewhere and he was supposed to see if there was any chance of moving your rescue up since it looks like the rebel forces know something is going on and are moving to cut off any rescue attempt,” Chuck said.
“How ready are your trainees, Chuck?” I asked.
“Not ready for what I'm seeing on that map. Sam I don't see anyway of you getting in and out of there without your magic, I do understand your reluctance in using it, but I don't see where you have much choice,” Chuck said.
“Chuck why don't you send me the best you have and let me show them what we have. Maybe some of them will see things we don't,” I said.
“Sure, but I can tell you now you could be jeopardizing the security of the mission letting them know what you're facing,” Chuck said.
“Trust me Chuck, I'm not going to jeopardize security, nor am I intending to take them into something they aren't ready for. Captain Eldridge is there any chance of making this map look like it's old enough to have been during the war?” I asked.
The dates on the screen changed and I smiled. Chuck shook his head and closed the door.
“I'll go talk to Washington, while you try coming up with something that won't get us all killed,” Chris said as he headed for the door.
I looked over the map and knew that unless we left first thing in the morning there was little if any chance of getting in and out without running into the rebels the satellite was showing. We needed somewhere we could get into with either two or three C-130's or choppers. The C-130's would be the better choice, but it would limit the vehicles we would be able to take in.
“Captain can you bring this area in so I can see what we have for a possible landing site for C-130's,” I said.
If there was a way of landing three C-130's on that ribbon of road with enough room to take off again we just might be able to make this extraction work without having to run into those rebels.
“Colonel, General Wright told us to report to you,” a Lieutenant said.
“Come in gentlemen,” I turned back to Chris' communications officer. “Captain can you please bring up the satellite photos for the training exercise we talked with General Wright about,” I asked.
The big screen changed back to the over view of the area with a date that showed it as being during the war.
“Captain can you print out a copy of this photo for each of these men please.” I turned back to the men Chuck sent over. “Gentlemen the situation is that there are several people trapped on this hill top many of them are injured. You have enemy troops moving in from several directions. What I want you to do is find a way of getting enough men in to get everyone out safely, quickly enough to get in and out before the enemy can cut off your exit. If I haven't got your plan by seventeen hundred hours today. I'll assume you aren't able to come up with anything and let General Wright know that you are definitely not ready to be counted among the best,” I said.
“Excuse me ma'am but you aren't giving us a lot of time to figure this out,” the Lieutenant said.
“You're right Lieutenant, I'm not giving you a lot of time. I am however giving you as much time as I can. By oh four hundred in the morning both White Rose and Rose companies will be airborne headed into a situation that, I honestly hope none of you ever have to face. I'm hoping we'll all be back, but there's no guarantee any of us will be coming back,” I said.
“Ma'am does this photo show where the enemy is located?” one of the trainees asked.
I pointed out the rebels known positions as of the time the photo was received. I told each of them it was up to them to mark their copies of the photo since I still needed to work on the mission both my White Rose and my husbands Rose companies were going to be handling.
I turned back to the maps of the area and noticed the road was straight where it came closest to the cliff wall, and if the dimensions of the map were accurate wide enough we should be able to get something even bigger and faster in, possibly even two bigger birds. I could always insure the ground could support the weight without anyone knowing, but if it were rock under the pavement it should be solid enough without my help.
“Gentlemen if you will excuse me I have some things I need to check on elsewhere.” I headed for the door and as soon as it closed I was standing on the stretch of road I had been looking at on the maps.
The cliff we intended to bring everyone down was south facing, and this stretch of road was on the south side of the mountain about a quarter mile from the cliff. I looked off in that direction hoping to see a way of getting at least one truck and bus through to the cliff.
“The forestation between here and there is very heavy ma'am,” June said.
“I can see that June. I can also see you have access to your magic back,” I said.
“Sam I do love him. If it means I have to retire again I want to be his wife,” June said.
“I'm not willing to accept your retirement or resignation, so before you go any farther with that line of thought don't. I have another Sargent I could make my first Sargent and if Mac feels the same way for you I'm willing to make that other Sargent my first Sargent once this mission is complete,” I said.
“So what do you want us to do to help here?” she asked.
“I want you to get with Stephanie and Jessica and make sure this stretch is capable of landing and supporting two C-141's plus we need a way of getting at least one truck and bus from here to the base of the cliff,” I said.
“Will they listen to me?” she asked.
“They're both Lieutenants and you're a Major.” She gave me a look that suggested that wasn't much consolation. “June you're the ranking officer with White Rose company. You have your magic back, I'm sure if you think about it you'll find a way of getting them to listen. I need to get back before anyone realizes I'm not there, we'll be leaving there in two C-141's with a truck and bus on each of them at oh four hundred in the morning. I want this ready for us when we get here, since you're the only one that knows I've been here, and what we need it's up to you to have everything ready for us.”
I didn't wait around for an acknowledgement.
“You heard what she said didn't you?” June asked Mac.
“I'll talk to her when we get back home. June she does care about you, if she didn't, she never would have asked for you,” Mac said.
“I know that Mac. I just don't really understand why, not after what I tried to do to her. I betrayed everything, and I did it because I was afraid. I didn't believe anyone could have the magic she does,” June said.
“We better take care of what she's asked us to, or she'll be pissed. I'll go get the Lieutenants,” Mac said.
“Ma'am I don't think what you're asking is possible,” one of the trainees said.
“And why is that Lieutenant? Let me tell you a little secret about getting the job done, the kind that we in special force do. We specialize in accomplishing the impossible. When everyone else says it can't be done they call us in. Surely you've heard the stories about Army and Marine companies being trapped behind enemy lines and a reconnaissance unit that got called on time and again to go get them out. If the commander of that reconnaissance unit said it was impossible we would have lost a lot more men during the war, as it was that small reconnaissance unit time after time went in and brought back every man in those Army and Marine companies,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I've heard the stories about Captain Waters and his White Rose,” the trainee said.
“Captain Waters was a woman Lieutenant. If her reconnaissance unit wasn't in the field the company commanders would always ask her to assist them in coming up with a plan of attack on the missions they were called on to handle,” Chris said.
“Captain Waters was a woman? I was sure my brother told me Captain Waters was a man,” the trainee said.
“Lieutenant I can assure you Sam Waters has always been a woman, I should know I married her,” Chris said. “Sam I just found us a couple C-141's, I don't see anyway of getting all the equipment we'll need in C-130's even if we take ten or more of them.”
“It's alright Chris I found somewhere we can land that's only about five hundred meters from where we need to be. I have my Roses and June working on making sure we can land two C-141's without a problem and clearing a path big enough to get at least one truck and bus in,” I said.
“So June is fully recovered then?” Chris asked.
“It seems so since Mac would never have assisted her in gaining her full potential if she wasn't,” I said.
“Lieutenant I suggest you look at all the possibilities before saying something is impossible. What I've asked is possible and when my husband and I get back I'm more then willing to show how it's possible. All the information you need is there in that satellite photo, all you have to do is find it,” I said.
I needed to let my men know we were leaving first thing in the morning, and wanted to spend time with the girls before leaving. It was going to be a couple hours before our transport would be here for us and I had a feeling the base they were coming from was only willing to let us use them if we agreed to use the flight crews they sent with.
“Chris what are the conditions of those birds you found for us?” I asked.
“They want them back when we're done,” he said.
“And the flight crews they're sending with them?” I asked.
“They said their pilots are the best, and expect us to use them,” he said.
“They won't want to land were we need them to. Chris if we have to land at the closest air strip we might as well just let them all die, and you know I can't do that,” I said.
“Why don't you show me what you have in mind then, if we can't get the crews of those planes to land were we need we are justified in keeping them out of the loop,” he said.
“Lieutenant is there something else you need? If not then I suggest you go get started on finding a way of rescuing the people in the scenario you were given. You have everything I can give you to complete the assignment, and what Colonel Jacobs and I are discussing is confidential and right now you don't have the clearance for it,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, I didn't mean... I'll get on it right away ma'am,” he stuttered.
We headed back to the communication building where everything was still set up.
“Captain can you bring up the satellite again and focus on a ten mile diameter around the people we are going in for,” I asked.
The big screen lit up focusing in the area around where the people were trapped on the mountain top.
“Is this a live feed still Captain?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am it is,” Norm said.
“Here Chris, this road is wide enough and straight enough we should be able to land, unload the gear we need, get those people off that damned mountain and back on the aircraft and be airborne again before the rebels are even close enough to know what happened. If we have to land somewhere else it will take days to get in there and we'll end up in a fire fight we don't want or need. I want our people in charge of those aircraft for two reasons. First I know if it's our men there will be no one selling us out, and second I feel this whole thing is a setup of someone wanting me out of the way,” I said.
As Chris watched the satellite photo on the screen the road widened and a path between the road and cliff face started opening up.
“I see you've already given the orders to June and the rest of the men you already have there,” Chris said.
“It's better this be done before we get there so fewer people know what's going on. We have the ability to do things others can't and that's part of the reason we get the missions we get,” I said.
“I'm just curious how you intend to write this up in your report,” he said.
“My report won't mention any means we use that others don't have available to them were used. Just as my reports during the war didn't make mention of those means,” I said.
The aircraft were supposed to arrive by seventeen hundred hours and I needed them ready to go no later than oh four hundred hours. I excused myself and went looking for my Captain and found Lieutenant Johnson instead.
“Lieutenant do you know if Captain Reynolds is back yet?” I asked.
“I haven't seen him yet ma'am,” Johnson said.
“Tell the men to get everything ready to go. There are two C-141's on the way in and I need them loaded and ready to go by oh four hundred. Keep an eye out for Captain Reynolds and let him know to have the men he's been working with get their gear loaded and ready to go as well. We need one truck and one bus on each plane so if you can have someone get them out of motor pool and get them loaded with what we'll be taking with to the cliff face. The buses need to be set up like ambulances,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I'll see to it right away,” he said.
I headed for my office and stopped at the chow hall for a cup of coffee on the way. We weren't ready, but we were out of time. I had to believe these men were up to the task and hoped if they weren't I could manage to come up with a way that wouldn't show the magic I had. I needed to rebuild the Rose to its original glory and to do that meant teaching everyone that love was the greater magic since it was the only magic everyone had in common.
“You wanted to see me ma'am?” Captain Reynolds asked.
“Tell me your climbers are ready Captain,” I said.
“I wish I could ma'am, especially if what Lieutenant Johnson said is true,” he said.
“We leave out at oh four hundred whether we're ready or not Captain,” I said.
“That's what I was afraid of. Ma'am what happened to the rest of the week you promised me?” he asked.
“Rebel solders happened Captain. We either move now or we'll need more than just White Rose and Rose companies to make this rescue happen. As it is I'm having to do a few thing I didn't want to,” I said.
“You mean using your magic?” he asked.
“Captain the men from my old unit are out there babysitting those people, many of whom have no magic, at least as far as element and blood. They have four people they've never worked with in their ranks, and I won't lose my number one team. You're going to have to convince these men they are ready and trust that I'll do what I have to so we all come back home. Make sure there are enough weapons to go around in the supplies as well as enough food and water to hold out for at least a week if need be. I want crossbows and bolts for your team and the team already there. At least five quivers of bolts for each crossbow, so if you bring at least a thousand bolts that should be plenty and if we need more we can pluck them from the dead,” I said.
“I'll see that everything is ready ma'am. Ma'am is Colonel Jacobs and his Rose company coming with?” he asked.
“I want all our supplies on one plane, Colonel Jacobs and his Rose can handle getting their own gear ready and loaded. I wouldn't presume to know what gear they will be bringing and while the injured will be loaded on both aircraft it is up to you to insure we have everything we'll need for our men,” I said.
Chapter 29
I left Captain Reynolds in change of making sure the airplane was loaded making sure I packed my own pack with what I needed and wanted if it came down to a fight getting out.
“The planes are on the ground Sam,” Chris said.
“Our men can check them out, but I reserve the right to decide whether or not the crews on them are going with, or told the wrong time to report,” I said.
“I'll have them report. Sam are you sure you're ready for this?” Chris asked.
“No, I'm not ready for it Chris, but you tell me someone else who can do it now. Your Rose? Come on you don't have the gear needed to get them off that mountain. My company is the only one with the equipment needed to do this job, so like it or not, ready or not, we're the company stuck with the job,” I said.
“I guess you'll be going home after talking to the flight crews?” he asked.
“Yes I will be. Captain Reynolds is in charge of getting our plane loaded and ready to leave in the morning. I want to spend as much time as I can with the girls since I see no way either of us will be back for at least three days, and it could be closer to a couple weeks if anything goes wrong,” I said.
“Colonel Jacobs we were informed you wanted to see us,” the flight crews for the C-141's said.
I looked up as the flight crews from both planes came in my office.
As I looked into the faces of each of the men standing there the times we served together during the war came flooding back.
“I want to know if you'll be following my orders or the orders of someone else,” I said.
“Sam we were told you needed the best for this mission. I know we aren't the men from your old command, but we do still remember how it was when you went out on missions. Besides, there isn't anyone who out ranks The White Rose, we follow your orders even if they conflict with the orders we were given,” Pete said.
The magic they each had stood out when Pete called me The White Rose. Each of these men had sworn an oath to me long before they had the military. The oath they had sworn to me was also bound by magic not just words.
“Be ready to go by oh three forty-five. I'll show you where we're going in the morning, and fill you in on the other details that you'll need. Make sure the weapons of your choice are on board we might have to fight our way out,” I said.
I was no longer worried about the men assigned to these birds. They knew me and I knew them. We had been through hell together and come out on the other side with a respect for each other that hadn't been there before.
As soon as the men were out of my office I packed up everything on my desk and locked my office.
“Ma'am, am I going with on this mission?” my clerk asked.
I looked at the man sitting behind the desk in the outer office. I knew he wanted to go, he wanted to feel he was a part of the company. His heart was in it, but was he able to understand I'd be doing him a favor if I didn't let him come with.
“Why do you want to Sargent?” I asked.
“I just don't want to feel left out since I know everyone else in the company is going,” he said.
“You aren't left out, I think you could be of more help here. If you're here you can insure we have someone here that can get us whatever we might need, I'm not sure you could do that if you're there with us,” I said.
“So the only worth I have is what I can scrounge?” he asked.
“No, that isn't the only worth you have, but for now it's what we need and you are the best qualified,” I said.
“You make it sound like you'll help me become more then a company clerk,” he said.
“I'll make a deal with you. You sit this one out and time permitting when we get back I will personally help you learn to be less of a danger to us all in the field,” I said.
He looked up when I said I would help him learn to do the field work as well as the paperwork. A smile crossed his face until he thought about what that personalized training would cost.
“I don't want to be a danger to anyone ma'am,” he said.
“I know you don't. I have something special I would like you to do for me. Can you find me two F-16's and have them available for me to pickup in two days?” I asked.
“You want them here on this base?” he asked.
“It would be easier than having to chase all over for them,” I said.
“I think I might be able to manage it,” he said.
“Good, when they get here I want them fully armed and fueled, also if you could call me and let me know when they're ready it would be helpful as well,” I said.
“Ma'am what if I can get four of them?” he asked.
That would be even better. Sargent I'll take any super sonic fighter, but I do want the best if you can manage,” I said.
“I'll find them for you, but I can't promise to get them here,” he said.
“Just do your best, that's all I'll ever ask,” I said.
If he could get me the fighter planes we had a much better chance of getting in and out with relatively low risk.
I stopped at moms and there was no one there. No message no anything to tell me where they were or when they might be back.
I went in the bedroom that had been setup as an office and started going over the plans we had, trying to see any flaws I might have missed. The road was now a runway with a big enough area at one end to turn the planes around. A path was made big enough to get two trucks and buses down it side by side. The shelf had been expanded big enough to set up the gear for lowering the injured to the ground in stages. The big problem was going to be getting the equipment from the ground to the shelf and then the top, since the equipment was fairly heavy.
I'd tackle that problem when the time came. I wasn't really worried since most of those making the initial climb were vampires and should be able to make the climb quickly and still have enough strength to raise the gear manually.
“Sam are you here?” Kathy called out.
I stepped out into the hall and Kathy stood there with her hands on each hip and a concerned look on her face.
“There was an accident Sam. Your girls are alright, but mom might not make it,” she said.
As her words came out I saw what happened. Mom was stopped at a light and someone came from behind hitting her hard enough to push her car into the intersection just as a truck coming from the left entered the intersection.
“I can't help her Kathy. There's nothing I can do anymore than there would be if it were you laying in that hospital bed,” I said.
“You can't? Or you won't?” she asked.
“I can't,” I said.
“Then who can?” she asked.
“Your daughter. Kathy and Nicole are using all their strength to heal themselves, if they tried to help mom the best they could do is kill her faster. Kelli or another vampire could offer her the blood of life, but I can't, nor can Chris or our girls,” I said.
“Why? Why can't you do it Sam? Why is Kelli the only one available to help mom?” she asked.
“I have to leave at four o'clock in the morning, as does Chris. If we gave mom the blood of life we would need to be here to help her adjust. Kathy and Nicole can't because they need all their strength to heal themselves, and the taste of moms blood right now would send them over the edge in blood lust. They wouldn't be able to stop themselves until it would be too late. That leaves Kelli the only vampire with a vested interest strong enough to insure the transformation without the danger of mom being killed in the process,” I said.
“Sam please, Kelli's just a child,” Kathy begged.
“I'm sorry Kathy, if I had more time before I have to leave... it has to be someone in the family since mom isn't able to give her own consent. It also needs to be as soon as possible. If Kelli is willing and you understand what it means and agree it's the only way. I'm willing to help Kelli with the process, but I can't do it because I would then need to be here when she wakes, and that isn't possible right now,” I said.
“Sarah and Jenny are at the hospital already. The three of us talked it over and decided to talk to you. If you can't help... if mom doesn't receive the blood of life she'll die, we're all in agreement on that,” she said.
“Kelli, do you feel up to helping your grandmother?” I was taking this out of Kathy's hands I wasn't able to help mom, but knew the only way of saving moms life was the blood of life.
“I've never done it before aunt Sam,” she said.
“You're a vampire Kelli, you don't have to have done it before to know how to do it, and I'll be there the whole time to help if you need me,” I said.
“I love grandma and don't want her to die,” Kelli said.
That was all I needed to hear. Kelli was a vampire and fully capable of doing this. It was time she learn her full ability as a creature of magic.
Kelli and I were standing by moms bed in the hospital with the doctors and nurses running every which way trying to save her as best they could, but with each tick of the clock their effort became more futile.
“What do I do aunt Sam?” Kelli asked.
“Let your instincts take over. Kelli you'll either save her life, or you'll kill her that choice is up to you now. You can't share the blood of life with someone you haven't taken to the edge of death though,” I said.
“So I have to kill her to save her?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“I don't know if I can do this,” she said.
“Then she will die for sure. Kelli no one will blame you if she dies,” I said.
She walked over to the bed and leaned over I saw her inter into the trance and kiss mom on the cheek.
“I love you grandma, please forgive me for what I'm about to do, it's the only way of saving your life,” she said.
She placed her mouth over moms neck and sank her fangs in letting moms blood enter her mouth.
Mom let out a small moan as Kelli's fangs entered her neck. The doctors and nurses started panicking and Kelli pulled her fangs out sealing the wounds. She placed her arm to her mouth opening her arm and placed it at moms mouth.
“Drink the life blood that you might gain strength. I love you grandma, please accept the life I offer,” Kelli said.
Moms heart monitor flat lined and Kelli started crying begging for mom to accept her offer of life.
“It's up to her now Kelli. Seal the wound on your arm and we need to go out and wait with the rest of the family,” I said.
“But she isn't getting better aunt Sam. I didn't do it right she still died,” Kelli cried.
The tears were running down her cheeks and the heart monitor bleeped first one then a long pause and another. Each bleep of the monitor came a little closer than the one before it until it reached a steady rhythm of about sixty beats a minute. Kelli looked at me and smiled knowing that it was fully up to mom now, everything she could do was done and done right.
“How is she?” Kathy asked.
“It's up to her now. If she wants to live she'll heal and live. She will need to taste fresh blood when she wakes up, but that isn't likely to be for a couple hours at the earliest,” I said.
Kathy looked at her daughter and knew without doubt that her daughter had become a vampire for this day. She wrapped her arms around Kelli burying her head in Kelli's hair and cried. She knew the blood magic of the vampires was life just as was the elemental magic she knew so well.
She finally looked at me and now understood it wasn't that I didn't want to save mom, but this was something Kelli needed as much as mom did. Without this Kelli was not complete as a vampire and continually limited herself in her abilities.
“Excuse me is one of you Mrs Jacobs?” a nurse asked.
“I am. Are my girls alright?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am they got banged up a bit, but they seem to be doing very well. If you'll come with me ma'am I'll take you to them,” the nurse said.
“There's no need I know where they are,” I said.
“Ma'am I was hoping to ask you a few questions on the way,” the nurse said.
“Ask your question then,” I said.
“Ma'am when they were brought in they had some rather nasty cuts we weren't able to treat because we didn't know how to contact you or your husband. I was hoping perhaps you would be willing to sign a consent form for us to treat them,” she said.
“There's no need to treat them I believe you'll find their cuts weren't nearly as bad as you thought and are already healing just fine. Now unless there is something else I'd like to see my babies,” I said.
“Ma'am I don't think you fully understand the serious nature of the accident they were involved in,” the nurse said.
“Nurse I think it's you who doesn't understand. My daughters will be fine with a couple band-aids and maybe some aspirin for pain relief. It's my understanding they were both fully conscious when they were brought in, and I know full well they are healing just fine without your archaic tortures. Now if you don't mind I'll find my daughters on my own since you seem to think they're clear across this torture chamber from where I know they are,” I said.
“Well I never,” the nurse said.
I didn't say anything just went to find my girls.
“Excuse me ma'am but that area is for medical personnel and patients only,” an orderly said.”
“Really and I suppose you have a way of keeping me out?” I asked.
“Not really, but that isn't usually a problem,” they said.
“My daughters are in there and I'll be damned if your torture specialists are going to experiment on them. The way I see it is you can either let me in there, or I'll wait here while my babies tear that part of your house of horrors apart,” I said.
“Ma'am if they are anything like you I have no doubt they could do just that, but since the doctors only want a few x-rays I'm hoping that won't happen,” the orderly said.
“You remember me then?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am I do,” they said.
“Yes well that is no longer a problem. Now the choice you have is either allow me in there to go in and get my daughters, or I can promise this wing of this torture chamber will be unusable without major repairs.”
“Please give me ten minutes ma'am,” they said.
I sat in a chair just outside the door and waited. While the orderly ran back to get my girls. While I waited Chris showed up asking if I had seen the girls or mom yet.
“An orderly went to get the girls and mom will recover if she wants to live now. She may not like the price of living now so she might choose to let go,” I said.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“I mean if she lives she will be like us now. It was the only way she had a chance and Kathy, Sarah and Jenny asked since mom wasn't able,” I said.
“Tell me you didn't do it when we need to leave in the morning,” Chris said.
“I didn't do it, Kelli did. She was the only other vampire who had a stake in whether or not mom lived,” I said.
“Any one of your Roses could have done it,” he said.
“No Chris, not this they couldn't, besides do you really think I could have gotten any of them in this place?” I asked.
“You do have a point there. We vampires do have an aversion to these kinds of places,” he said.
“Ma'am?” the orderly said.
“My daughters?” I asked.
“They're on their way now they insisted they needed to get dressed first. Ma'am none of the doctors can understand, when they were brought in they were pretty banged up and now they seem perfectly fine,” the orderly said.
“It's in their blood. If you could hurry them along a little I would appreciate it,” I said.
It took another five minutes before the girls came out both wearing smiles and sucking on lollipops.
“You two seem none the worse,” I said.
“They wanted to take pictures of our insides. They didn't like when we said no they wouldn't like what they would see and you would be very angry with them if they did,” Kathy said.
“You're right I would have been very angry if they had since they didn't have my consent,” I said.
Chris and I each took one of the girls and headed back to join the rest of the family.
“I see you found them. Even their clothes don't look damaged. From what I was told they were in pretty bad shape when they were brought in,” Kathy said.
“They're vampires Kathy. Do you have any idea just how hard it is to kill a vampire?” I asked.
“I remember how bad you were when you became a vampire,” she said.
“Mom should be waking up soon if she's going to wakeup. Have they moved her to a room yet?” I asked.
“The nurse said they'll be moving her as soon as they're certain she's stable,” Kathy said.
As soon as she's stable. That could be anywhere in the next ten minutes, or never since she will undoubtedly realize why she's still alive about the same time she wakes up. If she accepts her new life she'll wakeup and need to feed to increase her healing abilities, if not the chances of her ever waking again are slim at best.
“I need to talk to her,” I said.
“They won't let us in Sam,” Sarah said.
“They won't know I'm in there,” I said.
I slipped in the room and stood there watching as the hospital staff worked checking monitors and then verifying what the monitors told them manually. Such a waste of time and energy since whether or not mom lived was now up to her not what these people could do.
I stepped over to the bed and watched moms pulse in the flow of blood in her neck.
“You have to decide now mom. I know this isn't something you wanted, but if you choose life it's all there is now. Without this your life was over, that was something none of us wanted, but now the choice is yours and yours alone. I'm not the one who made the offer. I couldn't because if I had it would have been seen as self serving since it's something I've refused to do for so many. I love you mom and I really don't want you to go yet, but I do understand if you choose not to come back to us,” I said.
Her eyes flickered and popped open. She turned her head ever so slightly and smiled up at me.
“I'm sorry about the girls Sam. I never would have done anything to get them hurt,” she said.
“They're fine mom. Right now it's you we need to think about. Kelli offered you life, but it's up to you to accept the life she offered,” I said.
“K...K...Kelli is here?” she stuttered.
“The whole family is here? The girls are with Chris and the others waiting to find out your decision about accepting Kelli's offer of life,” I said.
“I'd be like you and Kelli if I accept wouldn't I?” she asked.
“Yes mom, you would. You'd be a vampire like Kelli, my girls and I, are vampires. That doesn't mean you can't still be a witch,” I said.
She closed her eyes and the monitors showed a drop and I was so afraid she had decided that being a vampire was something she just couldn't do. I felt a tear slide onto my cheek and the monitors changed again her heartbeat growing even stronger.
“I love you Samantha, I know you wouldn't have let Kelli bite me if there had been another way. I'm not ready to call it quits just yet,” she said.
She closed her eyes again and a smile formed on her lips.
“I love you mom,” I said.
I left the room and smiled at Kathy.
“She's going to be fine sis. For a moment I thought she was going to let go, but she loves us enough to give being a vampire a chance,” I said.
A tear leaked onto Kathy's cheek and she tried to smile. Mom had been the one person who Kathy trained and learned as much from as taught.
A couple minutes after I came out the staff came out taking mom to a room where she could rest up and regain her strength.
“Mrs Nielsen. It looks like your mother will be fine. We would like to keep her for a few days, but she is showing remarkable signs of recovering already. Twenty minutes ago we were sure we were going to lose her, but now her heartbeat is as strong as that of a woman less than half her age,” a nurse said.
“Thank you doctor. Mom's always been strong,” Kathy said.
We followed them to the room they were taking mom to and waited outside until they brought the bed back out and said it would be alright if we went in.
Kathy went over to mom and asked if she was sure this was what she wanted, sitting on the edge of the bed blocking the rest of us from seeing what she was doing.
I asked everyone else to please wait in the hall until Kathy was done talking to mom, then we would each get a turn to let mom know how much we loved her and were glad she was still with us.
I watched Kathy sitting on moms bed wondering if she was really going to offer mom what I suspected. She looked over at me and let me know she was thankful I had not allowed everyone to witness moms final transformation into a vampire.
She laid down next to mom and gently told mom it would be okay, that she knew mom needed the blood to help her heal faster.
My magic reached in and felt mom and Kathy laying there. I felt the blood magic expand and Kathy slip into the trans a vampire creates when they feed. I released the magic, this moment was private and something Kathy offered. I wanted to be able to make this offer, but that was something else I couldn't do. My blood already had the life in it and instead of helping mom would have destroyed her.
A tear ran down my cheek at the thought of what Kathy was able to give that I couldn't. Kelli was able to offer mom life and Kathy able to complete the offer, all while I so much wanted to and couldn't.
“Thank you Sam. Thank you for letting mom and I have that time alone. I can only imagine how much you wish you could have helped her in either the way Kelli did or I did.”
“She told you why I couldn't do what you did?” I asked.
“She told me you were linked until the point her new fangs grew. I still don't understand, but if for some reason I ever need the blood of life I want you to give it. You're my sister and I know you would never give it unless I either asked or it was the only way to save my life,” she said.
“Kathy I don't think you fully understand what happens when you share the blood of life like that,” I said.
“I know that the one giving the blood of life becomes the master of the one receiving the blood. I know that wouldn't change who I am, or who you are. I know you would never use your power of will over me in a way that would change who I am,” she said.
So she did know. There were vampires out there who shared the blood of life for the power it gave them over their victims. I was still trying to think of a way of breaking that bond. The thing is if that were true why didn't Chris have power over me? Never was the new vampire stronger than the one who created them, yet Chris was second only to me in strength. Was it that I could tap the magic at its source while even he needed it filtered so it didn't consume him? That didn't explain why he was stronger in the magic than those who created him.
“Kathy I have to ask if you will watch the girls for a few days, at least until mom's back home?” I asked.
“When are you leaving?” she asked.
“We're set to fly out at four o'clock in the morning, that means we need to be back on base no later than two,” I said.
“And you don't know how long you'll be gone?” she asked.
“I'm hoping not more than a week but if things get ugly it could be as long as a month,” I said.
“Only because you refuse to use your magic. Sam those people could already be back if you'd just admit it's the right thing to do,” Kathy said.
“I can't. I know that doesn't make sense and I don't know how to explain it so it will make sense. Kathy I'm doing what I think is right. To most of our world it seems stupid, but believe me over the long haul it's the right thing to do. We are out numbered a thousand to one by those without magic like ours, and if we ever hope to survive all we can do is show them we aren't a danger to them. Even with all the magic at my disposal it wouldn't be enough to stop them if they learn about us and want to destroy us because they fear us,” I said.
“You're trying to unite the world. To undo all the bad history between our world and the world of mortals. Is that really possible Sam? Do you really believe that mortals can ever accept us knowing about our magic?” Kathy asked.
“Kathy most of our lives we didn't believe in magic and everyone thought I was a boy and boys in our world aren't taught to use magic because it's believed they will try using it to dominate the world. Now that I'm here that's no longer a concern since there isn't a single or even group of casting covens that can come close to matching what I can do by myself. Imagine someone who didn't care about others having the kind of power I have,” I said.
“The mortals learned to fear us because there were those from our world who thought to use their magic against the mortals and in doing so created all these gods the mortals worship now. The only way I know of to expose their gods as false gods is to let them know our world exists, and that means drawing our world back together unified into a single coven and clan. To remake the Rose coven and clan,” I said.
“Sam it's been generations since our world was united. It would take a lifetime to even begin to get the different covens and clans to even agree to sit down and talk to each other again,” Kathy said.
“The stories about me that you know, they always refer to me as The White Rose don't they? What if among the other clans they have the same stories and instead of their stories calling me The White Rose their stories call me whatever the name of their coven or clan is. The green oak coven for example I would be The Green Oak. We already know I am also The White Lotus,” I said.
“You could force a meeting simply because you're the fulfillment of the stories all the clans and covens have,” she said.
“The original name of the coven and clan was The Rose. It wasn't until the last of the covens and clans broke off from the Rose the name changed to the White Rose. That was over fifteen hundred years ago,” I said.
“And just how do you know that Sam?” Kathy asked.
“I was told by someone who knows,” I said.
“Who? Who told you that? Tell me it wasn't June, I still can't believe you are giving that bitch a second chance,” she said.
“It wasn't June, who by the way does have access to her magic again,” I said.
“You didn't... you couldn't... Sam how?” Kathy asked.
“I'll never fully control my magic Kathy. It would be like trying to dam a river with nothing but a toothpick. The magic set a way for her to regain her magic and it set that way so anyone could have gained what was lost to them. There is a magic even greater than the total of magic I have access to that everyone even the mortals can access. It's not easy to gain access and you can never fully control it, but anyone who has lost what they once had can again gain it back by learning this magic. June learned the magic,” I said.
“What magic? What magic is greater than being able to draw straight from the source of either element or blood?” Kathy asked.
“A magic everyone can draw directly from the source since the source is within all living things. The magic is love, through love all things are possible. I'm loved by the White Rose because of the stories about me, but those who have been set as Roses love me because I'm me, nothing more then that. It isn't because I'm their queen, it's because I'm their friend, their sister, their mother, their wife their daughter,” I said.
“Sam love isn't magic,” Kathy said.
“Sure it is. Love will allow someone to stand up for another, love can turn enemies into friends. Love can dispel even the biggest misunderstands. You don't seek to harm something you love, instead you cherish it and accept differences that don't matter over all. You seek to understand and are willing to accept even if you can't understand. If that isn't magic what is it?” I asked.
“We'll talk about this when you get back. I'll take the girls at least until mom is back on her feet which I don't think will be very long now, if your girls are any indication,” she said.
“Thanks Kathy. We'll be back as soon as we can,” I said.
Jenny came out of moms room and looked at me.
I took each of the girls hands and walked in moms room stopping short of her bed and letting the girls continue on.
I stood there just watching as both girls climbed on the bed and gave mom a hug, and talked with her. Chris came in and stood by me wrapping his arm around my shoulders.
“I think she accepted for those two,” Chris said.
“She accepted for herself. Kathy has agreed to take the girls at least until mom is out of here,” I said.
“It looks like she's feed well which will speed up her recovery,” Chris said.
“I just hope she understands that was a one time deal with my sisters. I almost wish I could offer her the same,” I said.
He looked at me and realized he was the only person to ever taste my blood before it became deadly to vampires.
“You would have given her your blood if she hadn't accepted wouldn't you?” he asked.
“If it would have given her peace. I don't think I would have needed to though,” I said.
Both girls were standing next to me and rather then taking my hands reached for Chris'.
“You know each of your sister offered me their blood?” Mom asked.
“I know mom. I wish there would have been another way,” I said.
“Sam, you all did what you thought best and I was in no condition to say yes or no at the time,” Mom said.
“Mom, Chris and I have to leave for a few days, Kathy has agreed to take the girls at least until you're back on your feet,” I said.
“I thought it was going to be a few more days at least before you were leaving,” she said.
“Things changed and if we don't leave now it will be too late. Even waiting until morning it will be cutting things close,” I said.
“I understand. I just wonder at the wisdom of not using your magic,” she said.
“If I used my magic it would raise a lot of questions I'd rather not have to answer. Mom do you know what it is I'm suppose to do?” I asked.
“Bring the balance back to magic,” she said.
“I can't do that by exposing our world to mortals,” I said.
“If the mortals knew of our existence they would bring back the witch trials wouldn't they?” she asked.
“I don't really know, I do know there are many among the mortals who would hate and fear us. Can you imagine what they would think if they knew what I did to those fanatics that sought to kill us and our children. I don't think it would matter much to them that I was only trying to protect children. Do you think they would take into account that I offered them a way out?” I asked.
“Sam I'm not going to try understanding what you're talking about, I don't think I could if I wanted to,” Mom said.
“It's okay mom get some rest, you should be out of here in a day or two. I do need to ask you not accept any more blood from Kathy, Sarah or Jenny. I have no doubt they will all offer when ever you want, but you'll find their blood won't taste as sweet as it did this time since I've mark them all as mine,” I said.
“You never feed though Sam. I don't know when the last time you fed was, but I do know it wasn't recently,” she said.
“We don't need to feed on blood mom. I allowed it this time because you needed what it gives to heal. Think about it mom, when Chris bit me I was as close or closer to death as you were when Kelli bit you. I healed even without feeding because as a vampire we do that. I never fed until the Halloween party and that night I fed three times. I fed on Erica which completed my transformation, then I fed on Liz while I was in a blood lust and ended up having to give her the blood of life because I hadn't been able to stop soon enough, finally there was Debra's baby who had been hurt in the fight and it was the only way to save her life. I've fed a couple times since then but I would never demand the right to feed from anyone and have even turned down the chance since I didn't need the extras energy that feeding would have given,” I said.
It wasn't long and the magic I worked on entering the room started working and mom was asleep. I didn't like that I needed to use my magic in that way, but as much as the blood helped, sleep would help more at this point. Chris and I walked out of the room and I smiled at my sisters and gave each a hug letting them know that I appreciated what they had each done for mom and that it wouldn't be a good idea to offer again since their blood would taste foul to mom and she would likely kill them because of it.
“Sam why would our blood taste foul to mom?” Jenny asked.
“Because Jenny I marked each of you as mine. Since I'm the queen of the vampires no vampire would touch you, but mom being a new vampire might since she's our mother,” I said.
“So no vampire would even consider trying to bite us?” Jenny asked.
“Not without asking me first. Jenny there is a hierarchy among vampires just as there is among witches. There is no vampire stronger in blood magic than I am just as there is no witch stronger in elemental magic than I am,” I said.
“What if we are dying and a vampire bite is the only way we would survive?” Jenny asked.
“You each came to me about mom. Mom couldn't say for herself because of her condition. If it became necessary to save your life my Kathy, Nicole or even Kelli could give the blood of life if I'm not available. If they aren't available and you are able to call out to one of my Roses they will be able as well. If you aren't able anyone with magic can call them and they can be there in a blink. If they determine you can survive without the bite they won't give the bite without my consent,” I said.
“So it still comes back to you,” Jenny said.
“Ultimately, yes it does. The reason for that is as powerful as my Roses are I still haven't figured out a way for them to help a witch keep her power as a witch. That means I'm still the only one that can walk someone through the process,” I said.
“Now I understand. It isn't something to be taken lightly,” Jenny said.
“Jenny right now the only Roses I have that are both witch and vampire are Kelli, Kathy and Nicole. They were all born witches and Kathy and Nicole were also born vampires. The problem is they are just learning the extend of their powers as witches,” I said.
“I take it that means vampires don't have to learn their magic,” Jenny said.
“Not to be able to use most of it no. The magic knows what to do and unlike elemental magic there are no incantation other than when giving the life blood and that one the magic gives more than the vampire,” I said.
Chapter 30
The girls went with Kathy since Chris and I had to leave so early in the morning. I didn't like that I had to leave them after what they had been through, but I didn't have a lot of choice, at least not this time. I wasn't going to get bullied into taking another mission until my company had time to work as an entire unit and train to my satisfaction.
Chris and I were back on base by two thirty to make sure everything was ready. I stood there as the final preparations where finished and all the equipment we would be taking with us was secured on the airplane my company would be taking. Chris was busy doing the same for his airplane.
As everything was set and we waited for everyone in our companies to take care of whatever last minute things they needed to take care of two F-16's and two F-14's came screaming in. Once on the ground they all started taxiing to where we were sitting and stopped just off to our left blocking our way to the runway.
I waited until all four flight crews were on the ground before moving. Who did these assholes think they were to think they could park where they had? All four flight crews headed off the field without a word.
“Ma'am will those fighters work for you?” I turned around and there stood my company clerk with a big smile on his face.
“What do you mean Sargent?” I asked.
“Well ma'am you did say you wanted four fighters fully armed. It looks to me like there are four fighters sitting there fully armed. That is what you wanted isn't it?” he asked.
I looked at Chris who was staring at me wondering why I hadn't said anything to the flight crews that had just abandoned their aircraft blocking our path for departure.
“Sargent are you telling me you arranged this?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am,” he said beaming. “You said you wanted them and now you have them. Ma'am all these planes now belong to White Rose company. The crews from those fighters will be flying back to their home stations later,” he said.
I looked back over at the four fighters sitting there and noticed each of them had wingtip fuel tanks on them as well as a full complement of missiles and I assumed full ammo cases for their guns. I wished I had Stephanie here to fly one of them, but knew there were more than enough men here to get all these aircraft in the air and on their way.
“Sam what's going on with those fighters?” Chris asked.
“They're mine Chris. We're taking them with as soon as we can get a fuel truck over here to top off their fuel tanks. You think you can find a couple people to take one of the 16's and one of the 14's?” I asked.
“I might be able to manage. You only want me to furnish one flight crew then?” he asked.
“I think that's all you need to furnish. I figured you'd want to fly either one of the 16's or one of the 14's with me,” I said.
“You don't want to fly one of the 16's?” he asked.
“I'd love to fly one of the 16's, but I'd be happy flying one of the 14's if I'm sharing the cockpit with you,” I said.
“Tell you what Sam you take one of the 16's and I'll take the other, and we each find a couple men to take the 14's,” Chris said.
 The fuel truck was there to top off the fuel in all six aircraft and we were sitting on the end of the runway ready to takeoff by oh three thirty hours.
By quarter to four we were in the air on our way to finish the mission that had now been going on for almost a week.
“Rose leader I think the sooner we get there the better it will be for everyone and since most of these men know who I am I think perhaps it might be smart to speed this flight up and conserve as much fuel as we can,” I said.
“Affirmative White Rose leader what do you need us to do?” Chris asked.
“White Rose one White Rose two are you ready to make fast time? Rose one and Rose two are you ready?” I asked.
Each of the aircraft gave me an affirmative and I saw all of us within twenty miles of our destination.
“White Rose rescue this is White Rose leader,” I said.
“White Rose leader this is White Rose rescue. We didn't expect to see you for a couple more days ma'am,” Curtis said.
“White Rose rescue I understand, but things have changed and we are now running on a tight clock. Is Major Collins there?” I asked.
“Colonel what's going on?” June asked.
“Didn't you tell anyone what is happening Major?” I asked.
“The unit knows, but we felt it would be better not to say anything to anyone else ma'am,” June said.
“We'll be on the ground in about fifteen minutes tell Lieutenant Graham I want her airborne within twenty minutes of us landing I have a nice little bird for her to fly to make sure nothing sneaks up on us,” I said.
“Ma'am this is Lieutenant Graham is it a one or two seater ma'am?” she asked.
“Lieutenant you'll be taking one of the one seater's since I will likely need Lieutenant Sanders on the ground,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I understand and will be standing by at the landing site,” Stephanie said.
We were on the ground well within the time I had given, and Chris picked one of his men to take the other F-16 and help Stephanie keep an eye on things from the air.
Since we were limited on being able to rearm the fighters or refuel for that matter I used a little magic that made it so for every ten shots they made they would only be down one bullet or missile. The fuel was an entirely different matter the fuel would expend at a much slower rate then was possible and when the aircraft was on the ground with the engine off the fuel tanks would refill. I didn't bother telling anyone about what I did, but saw Chris, June and Jessica all knew I used my magic even if they didn't know in what way.
“I see we aren't going to need to worry about fuel or ammo, at least not right away,” Chris said.
“Chris I want to get everything setup before getting any of the people we're here for where they can see what we're doing. I think if we take it all back down after they're far enough away not to see we can save time getting it all down and ready to get out of here as well and maybe we won't need to use any of the weapons we brought with,” I said.
It took an hour to get the trucks and buses off the planes and headed to the cliff where we would be bringing everyone down to get them out.
I heard Stephanie and the other F-16 make a couple fly overs as they increased the circle they flew making sure we didn't have any uninvited guests. It didn't take long and I heard the sounds of air to ground missiles exploding, as one or the other of our fighters were working on driving the rebels back.
“Captain I want your men on that ledge as soon as possible pick out a few to go to the top of the cliff as well so we can get everything in place to get these people out of here. I'm sure you can hear how close the rebels are already and I would love to get these folks out of here so we don't end up having to fight a war we don't want,” I said.
“The climbers were on their way up the cliff while everyone else started getting gear unpacked to send up once the climbers were on the ledge.
Withing twenty minutes the first of the ropes to raise the gear was dropped down. I wanted them to get at least one of the winches up and running since it would speed things up and the winches were capable of more weight than the ropes. The first winch rig was sent up and in place within two hours of our arrival at the cliff and the rest of the winches were sent up using the one that had been sent up first.
By the time the four winches that would be set up on the ledge were all in place three of the four that would be on top were in place and we were ready to send men up to help get the people to the cliff so we could get them out of there.
“General Long, we need to get everyone to the cliff as quickly as possible. How many of them are ambulatory?” I asked.
“Colonel we didn't expect to see you for another week. Can you tell me what all those explosions are we're hearing?” General Long asked.
“Rebel forces being pushed back and discouraged from trying to get any closer. If we'd stuck to the time table we had you and these other people would likely all be dead when we got here. We saw the rebels moving in on you via satellite, and decided waiting would be out of the question if we hoped to get everyone out of here,” I said.
“How did they know?” he asked.
“It was just a matter of time before they found out you were here and with my air drops the other day that probably alerted them to something going on so they sent someone in to investigate. Whatever the reason they know you're here and that I'm here to get you out,” I said.
“So you have the rest of your company I take it?” he asked.
“My husbands company is here as well, if you don't mind there will be time for question once we're back in the air on our way home. Can you tell me where Major Collins is?” I asked.
“I'm right here Colonel,” June said.
“June where's Mac?” I asked.
“He took the rest of the squad and headed for the cliff to help get everything setup,” she said.
“The rest of the company can handle that I have something else I want him to do. Will you stay here and help get everyone ready to go, we have four winches on each level of the drop and we need to get everyone out as quickly as possible. I'm leaving it up to you to make sure none of the equipment fails at least until the last of these people are on the ground and on their way to the planes,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, I'll take care of it,” June said.
“General I do expect you to treat Major Collins as you would me, she has my utmost confidence,” I said.
“As I would do with you Sam, I'll listen intently to whatever she says,” General Long said.
“I hope you will General, or I just might push you off the top of the cliff myself,” I said.
“I have no doubt you would, I do remember what happened the last time you bailed me out of a bad situation,” he said.
June and I walked toward the cliff together and once we were what she thought was far enough so the General wouldn't hear, she asked what he meant by his last comment.
“I was called in to rescue him and two of the companies under his command during the war. He and all his senior officers had been wounded and were supposedly not able to command. When I got there I assumed command and he tried to over ride every order I gave until I was able to get them where I could medivac all the wounded out and I personally made sure he was on the first chopper out even though he wasn't the worst by any stretch of the imagination. I needed those men following my orders and I didn't need a General that thought he knew better than me countering everything I was doing. I even went so far as to tell him to shut the fuck up,” I said.
“I'll bet that went over well,” she said.
“It went over so well it almost cost me my reconnaissance unit. If I hadn't been the best at what I did it just might have. You should ask Mac about that mission some time, I'm sure he still remembers it,” I said.
“I did get the impression he knew who General Long was, and that General Long seemed a little intimidated by him,” she said.
“That's something I've never understood. It seems everyone is intimidated by Mac. I can't think of anyone sweeter and more even tempered than he is though,” I said.
“I think it has something to do with his size and it looks like he could break a person in half with just a thought,” she said.
“I never saw that in him, but then I have known him since we were in special forces training together,” I said.
“He did say the two of you have been together a long time. Sam would you be upset if I asked him to bite me?” she asked.
“You'll lose your ability as a witch if he does,” I said.
“But I wouldn't be so afraid he might any longer. Sam I was without my witchcraft long enough I don't think it matters any longer if I don't have it,” she said.
“Tell me do you understand why I'm refusing to use my magic to get everyone out of here?” I asked.
“I'm guessing it has to do with how few of these people have either elemental or blood magic,” she said.
“And what do you think of the magic I made you learn in order to regain your witchcraft?” I asked.
“I think I can see why you call it the most powerful of all magic, but I'm not sure anyone would understand it to be magic in the way witchcraft is magic,” she said.
“That's because it isn't magic in the same way witchcraft is magic, but it does have the ability of undoing mistrust and hate. No other kind of magic can do that, in fact most people would fear and hate me if they knew the kind of magic I have access to,” I said.
“I know. Sam I hated you for what you did to me. I deserved what you did and still find it hard to understand why you didn't leave me in that situation. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad you didn't, but I'm not sure I would have been so kind had our situation been reversed,” she said.
“See these people are taken care of, I need to take Mac and the rest of the unit and see about discouraging some uninvited guests from crashing our party,” I said.
I found Mac and asked him to get the unit pulled together we had some hunting to do. I let him know I wanted them to meet me at the airplane so they could get all the gear they hadn't brought with them when I dropped them here less than a week ago.
“Ma'am, all but the Major and Lieutenant Graham are here awaiting your orders,” Mac said.
I noticed Jessica was standing with everyone else and dismissed her asking she assist June with insuring everyone was down safe.
Chris came over to see if I wanted his help and I asked if he had a reconnaissance unit ready to wreak havoc on anyone trying to cause problems with our rescue attempt.
“Sam my company is here to support in whatever way you need us. You know the only reconnaissance unit better than mine is yours and I'm not sure how many people would even make that claim aside from me and my team,” he said.
“How thin are you willing to spread them Chris? My unit is going to be covering everything to the north from due east to due west. If you can handle the south it would be a big help.”
“So what's the plan?” Chris asked.
“Take out any scouting parties, and set traps to keep them from getting any closer. Basically seal off this area with deadly surprises for anyone trying to get in here.
“That's were your unit excels,” he said.
“Of course it is, that was how we kept the enemy from catching us during the war,” I said.
“How close are you willing to let them get?” he asked.
“Right now I figure they're twenty clicks out and with Stephanie and your man shooting missiles and strafing them they aren't sure they want to get any closer at the moment. I'd like to keep it that way since the closer they get the better chance they have of over running us or even being able to shoot down our aircraft before we can gain enough altitude to avoid the ground to air missiles,” I said.
“What about putting the 14's in the air then? Maybe with their help we could get the rebels to fall back and we could set the traps so they can't even get as close as they are now,” he said.
“I'll let you take care of getting the 14's up then. Chris I need my men working on getting those people down off that mountain, if you want to double your men with mine in making sure the rebels don't get any closer fine I would rather not spread everyone out so thin. The chances of getting help is out of the question,” I said.
“I'll get a couple crews for the 14's and then we can divide the rest of my company with your reconnaissance unit making up at least four man teams with your men being in charge of the teams,” he said.
It took an hour to get everyone geared up and make sure they understood what we were doing. Since Seaman Bennett was new to my unit he was teamed up with a couple of Chris' men who had worked with my unit before. He was the only one of my men not placed in charge of the team they were in.
Bennett didn't yet know procedure and rather than get him and the team he was with in trouble I wanted someone I knew better commanding that team.
Chris and I each had only two men with us, but I figured if push came to shove we were less likely to need a full four man squad than anyone else and I was definitely not going to need help if it came down to it.
Once we were all ready we moved out everyone knowing that any rebels inside the area the fighters were working were to be shot on sight. We weren't taking prisoners and we didn't want them able to let the rebel main forces know what we were doing. Each team consisted of mostly vampires, but vampires were not indestructible and if the rebels were to hit in mass they could take out a team. Our advantage was being able to become invisible to either witch or vampire since every man in my unit was able to use both blood and elemental magic.
I took the route that would lead to what I was sure was the main camp of the rebels hoping to be able to find out just what the rebels wanted and maybe defuse the whole thing before very many people were killed.
“Sir the American fighters have pinned us down,” someone said.
“I do not want excuses. I want to know if this Colonel Jacobs is the one talked of in the stories. If you cannot get me this information then you are of no use to me,” someone else said.
“The American airplane did not show up on our radar and then were just there ready to land. These American fighters do not land to fuel or rearm. They avoid any attempt to shoot them down and never seem to run out of ammunition. She must be the one from the stories,” someone else said.
What stories were they talking about? Did they fear me or did they think they could kill me? I needed to know.
“Pardon me, what stories do you speak of sir?” I asked.
“The stories of the queen of vampires and ruler of witches. The stories of the one who cannot be killed for she has magic none can know,” he said.
“And what do you want from her if this American Colonel is the one from the stories?” I asked.
“To ask why she does not use this magic to save these people, to ask why she does not show herself to all her people. We are not her enemy, but her subjects,” he said.
“She has no magic that others cannot have, for it is in everyone to love. This is the greatness of her magic,” I said.
He finally looked around rather than just answering my questions.
“You are the one, the queen of all magic?” he asked.
“I am a mother and daughter, a wife and sister. I am no queen though I am the first born of element and blood. I seek no glory other than the glory of all men. I place no bond on those who cannot preform magic, for it is in all men to preform magic greater than the elements and the blood. If you would accept me as the queen of magic learn to love even those weaker than you,” I said.
“Withdraw from this place and let me save those I am here to save and I will show myself to you. I am the one told of from the time of the Rose rising to bloom, and scattering on the winds. If you are my people then hear my voice and know that above all magic is love. Protect the innocent and defend the defenseless. Seek only that which you need giving your excess to those without,” I said.
I cast the symbol of who I am into the sky and knew that my words were heard by all within a hundred mile radius of where the rescue was taking place.
The man standing in front of me fell to his knees and started crying. He wasn't here to destroy he was here to learn if this queen was truly alive in his lifetime. To know if the stories he had grownup with were true.
“My Mistress forgive me for doubting you exist,” he said.
“Go take these men and go from this place. Let me do what I am here to do. And I will return to share what is expected of all who would call themselves a Rose,” I said.
I was no longer worried about these rebels or setting the traps we had been setting. I called all four fighters back to the landing site and all the teams out making sure we were protected. The small team I had with me were all back at the aircraft with a single thought all the traps we had set disabled and removed.
“Ma'am do you really think it wise to not keep us in the air until we are sure the rebels are pulling back?” Stephanie asked.
“I notice you were the first one on the ground after I gave the order Lieutenant. If you really feel we need the fighter presence why is it you landed so quickly?” I asked.
“You know you can be a real bitch sometimes. Ma'am,” she said.
“I know I can, but don't forget Stephanie I'm still your commanding officer,” I said.
“You're also the Rose while I am just a small bud,” she said.
“I'm sure your other half would argue that. Why don't you go find her and see if she needs some help,” I suggested.
“Ma'am when we get ready to leave can her and I fly one of the F-14's?” Stephanie asked.
“I don't have a problem with that Lieutenant,” I said.
The evacuation went without a hitch. There were no incursions by the rebels and the injured people weren't about to complain about finally getting off that mountain. All in all it seemed like what could have been a nightmare became a simple operation.
“We all heard what you said Sam, at least those of us with magic did,” Chris said.
“I need to go and meet those people and let them know how sorry I am for the harm we brought to them. Chris will you come with me?” I asked.
“I'm here to help out however I can. It'll take the better part of the day to get everyone off that mountain, it might not be a bad idea to sleep here tonight and get everyone on the planes in the morning,” he said.
“I agree, that would give us time to get the gear all down as well and return that part of the mountain to it natural appearance,” I said.
I found June watching as the men rigged another gurney to lower from the ledge.
“June do you think you can handle things here for a while Chris and I have something else we need to take care of,” I said.
“Mac will be upset if you don't take him with Sam. He isn't ready to give up his job as your protector just yet,” June said.
“I know he isn't and I doubt he ever will be. I'm guessing that means you want to come along as well?” I asked.
“If you don't mind. I know the men would rather take orders from Stephanie and Jessica than from me,” she said.
“Find Mac then and meet us by the aircraft, and June see that Captain Reynolds understands he may be in charge of the company, but Stephanie and Jessica are in charge of the unit,” I said.
She smiled and headed off to find Mac and the others.
“Why is she so special to you. She isn't a very good officer, her skills as a witch aren't really all that good and if she would have had the chance she would have killed you,” Chris said.
“Chris, you didn't know me until after I was in the military, but she reminds me a lot of me when I was growing up. She doesn't accept something just because someone told her that was how it should be. Instead, she has to see it for herself, do whatever she can to either prove or disprove what others take as fact simply because someone said it was fact,” I said.
“That was why it was so hard for you to accept your magic wasn't it?” he asked.
“I still have trouble accepting it sometimes. I know it exists and I know how it works so to me it's no longer magic it's fact and the word magic makes it sound mystical somehow,” I said.
“Why do you tell everyone love is magic even greater than what you have through element and blood?” he asked.
“Because it is. Love can change a persons heart. Even with all the power of element and blood I have available I can't change someones heart. I can show them all the past and the future, but only the power of love can change their prospective, and encourage a change that will make what I can show them different. You see that is true magic, and it is something that cannot be taught, it can only be lived, accepted and nurtured,” I said.
We worked our way toward the airplanes checking on the progress of getting everyone down and comfortable as we went. Each time I came to a group of men working with the victims from the crash if the person was able to talk they wanted to talk to me, to find out how much longer before they'd be able to go back home.
“Ma'am there's a call for you,” Curtis said holding out the radio hand set.
“Who is it Curtis?” I asked.
“General Talbot ma'am,” he said.
I knew Jason wouldn't give Curtis any idea what it was he wanted, and at the moment I wasn't sure I wanted to talk to him. Did I really dare just break the connection and when he called back try telling him it was an accident.
“General what can I do for you?” I asked.
“Sam the Pentagon wants to know how long before you'll have those people in the air on their way home,” he said.
“Tell them it won't be until I have them off that damned mountain at the earliest,” I said.
“They know about the rebels moving in your direction,” he said.
“I think maybe you should take another look Jason. There are no rebels moving in my direction. If there is anyone moving in my direction it's not the rebels they seem so worried about,” I said.
“How do you know that Sam?” he asked.
“Because what we had assumed was rebels are people of the Rose. They heard I was the one coming in to evacuate the survivors from the crash and hoped for a chance to meet me. I've already talked to them and they've agreed to disperse back to their homes,” I said.
“Sam if you can look at the satellite again I think you'll want to reconsider this. I can see the people moving back, but there's an even larger force moving toward you that I don't think you're aware of,” he said.
I looked at Curtis and he nodded that he could tap into the satellite.
“Curtis get those satellite images for me and I want them three hours ago. Jason tell me what you know about this,” I said.
“I know the Pentagon is trying to find out who they are and what their intent is. So far all we know here is the force looks to be ten times the size of what was there before and they've already moved fifty clicks closer since we first spotted them,” he said.
“How long did it take them to move that far Jason?” I asked.
“An hour maybe a little less,” he said.
Curtis indicated he had the live images from the satellite for me.
“Jason I'll get back with you after I've had a chance to look at the satellite images,” I said.
Chris and I headed into the plane that had been setup as a communication center and command post.
“Ma'am if I'm reading this right, that's a rather large force that I seriously doubt we could even begin to repel with our limited numbers and fire power,” Curtis said.
I looked at the images and started to work on the problem. At the rate they were moving in the people of the Rose would be cut off and I didn't have the people to repel a force half the size of what I was seeing in the images.
“Sam we're ready to go,” June said as she and Mac walked in the plane.
“Mac how soon can you get everyone in the unit ready to go. They'll need full gear, and I want everyone to have at least four quivers of bolts,” I said.
He looked at the images on the screen and without a pause said he'd have them ready in two minutes.
“Colonel I don't think I understand. I thought the threat was over. You said they were people of the Rose,” June said.
“June I need you to take over here and stay in communication with Chris and myself. If either of us tell you to get everyone on the planes and get out, don't wait,” I said.
“I'm not leaving you behind ma'am,” she said.
“June if you don't get these planes in the air if one of us tells you to you'll be condemning everyone here to death. I can take care of the men we'll have with us, but I need you to take care of the people here and do as you're ordered without delay. June if I can't count on you for this there won't be another chance, if you survive,” I said.
“You do realize I couldn't transport all these people out of here with how limited my magic is, don't you?” she asked.
“Yes I'm well aware and I can't do more than make sure you get out safe if you follow orders. You'll have twenty minutes at most from the time one of us tells you to get these planes out of here before you'll be over run and then there'll be nothing I can do to help you or anyone else here. June I need an answer before Mac gets back here with the rest of the squad,” I said.
“So what are you going to do?” she asked.
“Delay them as much as we can. Even if we pulled everyman we have here to fight we wouldn't have enough men to win,” I said.
“What about using the fighters?” she asked.
“June I need an answer. Either you'll follow orders and get everyone on these birds if we tell you or if we survive this when we get back your military career is over and you could lose access to your magic permanently,” I said.
“Those are government troops for the local government. You have my word, and I'll see about getting the men here to speed things up a little so we can be ready when and if the call comes,” she said.
“Captain you'll be staying here with Major Collins as her communications officer. Curtis you'll be joining the rest of the unit in the field,” I said.
Mac had the unit gathered in less then the two minutes he said he would need. I looked at each of the men gathered and smiled. I was again asking them to put their trust in me and believe we were going to come out of this alive.
“Lieutenant Graham you and Lieutenant Sanders will be flying support in one of the F-14's. Your job will be to attempt to slow down the force that's moving in this direction.” I indicated the monitor with the image of the advancing forces. “They likely have anti-aircraft guns so do your best not to get shot out of the sky, but do all you can to slow them down.”
“I'll put someone in the other three fighters,” Chris said.
“No Chris we'll need them to escort the big birds for protection. I do appreciate the thought, but this is going to take mostly witchcraft to get us out of here now,” I said.
Chris did call his elite team in to help us since it would double the amount of gear we would be able to take and they were every bit as good at tracking as my men were.
“If we are going to slow them down enough to give us time to finish getting everyone off that mountain and cleanup we needed to get to the advancing troops as soon as possible and that meant letting me do what only I can. I want everyone going with gathered in a close group it will make this easier and we can spread out once we get out there where we need to be,” I said.
Everyone grouped together and I looked each of them in the face and pictured where it was we needed to be.
“We need to set traps anywhere that might be big enough to get through. I want the traps at least five rows deep so the first rank sets off a set of traps and slows the following force down. Each trap beyond the first needs to be harder to see and for those of you who aren't familiar with White Rose traps be warned we are very good at making them near impossible to see, I've yet to find anyone outside White Rose that can find the traps we set unless we want them to,” I said.
 “Seaman Bennett you'll be teamed up with one of the Rose men you were with last time. You're new to the team and while you are good they've worked with us before and know our ways. Once we get back home we'll give you the chance of learning to be a full White Rose,” Mac said as he started pairing everyone up.
“And just who is going to be teamed with you Mac?” I asked.
“I'm sorry ma'am but it's still my job to make sure you get out of here in one piece, and preferably one that is still walking and breathing,” he said.
Chris looked at him, and Mac for only the second time in all the time I've known him cringed as though struck.
“Sargent I'm sure you'll understand if I over ride you on that. I do believe I have a bit more vested interest in seeing my wife get out of this safe than you do,” Chris said.
“Yes sir I do understand, but I think it should be up to the Colonel which of us she wants teamed up with her,” Mac said.
They both turned to me daring me to choose one over the other.
“Mac of all of us here there are only two of us with any training in elemental magic. It wouldn't be right for the only two with training in such to be teamed up together when it might become crucial to have us where we can keep a better eye on everyone. I'm sorry, I know that isn't what you wanted to hear, but I do feel that would be best,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I understand and I guess you're right that it would be better if we weren't teamed up for this. Ma'am on missions when your husband isn't with you I do reserve the right to act as your defender, it's a job I've held dear for longer than you and your husband have known each other,” Mac said.
“I do understand that Mac and I know it's something you've held sacred since before I was even born,” I said.
“Yes ma'am,” he said.
“He knew he was going to be your defender before you were even born?” Chris asked.
“Yes Chris, he did. When Mac and I met we knew we would be together a long time. I was the only person he could never beat. When I was little I knew there would always be two men in my life that would hold a very special place. One would be my husband and the other my most trusted friend. At least that was how I understood it. Back then I didn't understand the real purpose only that he would be someone who would back me even when doing so didn't make much sense,” I said.
“Like a big brother?” Chris asked.
“Exactly. Mac has been like a big brother to me since we met. Just like there isn't anything I would keep from you, there is nothing I will keep from him. He's as much family to me as any of my sisters,” I said.
Once we were all paired off and knew what was expected. We each went our own way.
“Sam this isn't the front line, is it?” Chris asked.
“No, but we won't be here long. Chris these people don't know what's headed this way and they deserve to know. I need to let them know a way around so they don't get caught in a fight they can't win,” I said.
I cast the symbol of the Rose and knew as soon as I did I would be accepted.
“Mistress we did not expect this honor,” the person I talked with earlier said.
“The honor is mine, but the news I bare is what brings me. You cannot go the way you are going the army is waiting and will destroy you if you do not turn,” I said.
“You have seen this?” they asked.
“And more I have maps that will show a way out for you and all that follow the Rose. A way for the people of the Rose to live even among those who do not know the Rose. A way for the world to live in peace and love,” I said.
We talked for what seemed hours and I noticed Chris checking his watch from time to time, looking around as though expecting to hear explosions at any moment, sure that all our teams had finished their tasks and the only hole in the line was now the area we were supposed to have been going instead of us sitting here talking with these rebels.
“Mon amour, you worry about what you need not concern yourself with. There are no holes in the line we set, and we are not yet missed. I must tend to my people and insure their safety just as I would do at home. Would you wish me to be other than I am?” I asked.
“I think my watch has stopped or something. It seems we've been here for hours and it hasn't moved since we came to this place wherever this place is,” Chris said.
“Your watch is working fine and we have been here for hours, but here is not where your watch can measure time, for time here works different than in the world we live,” I said.
“You took us to another dimension?” Chris asked.
I smiled as he now understood. The trap we were laying was in a world where I was not know as the queen to all that lived there, but in this dimension I was the queen with all the glory that bestowed on me. I didn't like this dimension because of my standing and didn't want to stay any longer then I had too.
“Mistress we will do as you say and follow the path you set for us, for there is no path to difficult if it is one you have laid down for your people,” the elder said.
“My friend remain here for the time I have asked and trust that when you reach the end of this path the world you know will be safe again for you and those with you. It will not be easy and as you pass through the end of this journey to safety it will seem I ask the impossible, but it is the lives of the people I care for, it is their safety that matters to me. I will not remove the troubles of the world of life completely but in this small thing I have done what I can. Do not let the people wonder from the path I have set for if they do they will be lost to the world of life forever.” I said.
“It will be as you say Mistress. May the Rose always bloom brightly,” the elder said.
With that Chris and I were back in the world of life where we were supposed to be setting the traps.
He looked at his watch and saw it was again working and yet it still showed the time as though only a few moments had passed.
“I don't know that I'll ever get use to what you are capable of,” Chris said.
I know you are wondering why I don't just take us through a place like that,” I said.
“It would save us a lot of trouble,” he said.
“It would also expose our world to people who are not ready for who and what we are. It would show me to be above the laws of man, and that is something I can't even accept. I'm here in this world to bring balance between the mortal and the magical peoples and if I took all the magical people to a realm of our own, the balance would never be found,” I said.
We set all the charges and retreated to the area set as a regroup point. As soon as Curtis arrived I asked him to get me our base camp so I could know what progress they made on getting everyone off the mountain.
“White Rose base this is White Rose, over,” I said.
“This is White Rose base, go,” Norm responded.
“Captain is Major Collins handy?” I asked.
“This is Major Collins,” June said.
“How long do you need to complete the mission Major?” I asked.
“The last of them are coming down now ma'am,” she said.
“And the gear?” I asked.
“Already stowed ma'am,” she said.
“White Rose this is Rose four,” one of Chris' men said.
“Go Lieutenant,” I said.
“Ma'am the force has hit the safe zone,” the man said.
“Understood Rose four. Fall back and assist in the evacuation. We'll handle things here, and meet at the rendezvous in three hours,” I said.
“Roger White Rose, will see you in three hours, Rose four returning to base,” he said.
“Ma'am I don't want to sound like an idiot, but where is the rendezvous?” Curtis asked.
“Curtis you don't sound like an idiot in asking about something that doesn't exist,” Mac said.
“White Rose base as soon as the last man is down and the equipment stored I want those birds in the air headed for the rendezvous,” I said.
“Understood ma'am we should be ready to go airborne as soon as Rose four gets back,” June said.
I looked over at Mac to see if he understood what the conversation meant.
“Are you sure you're up to it Mac?” I asked.
“I'd rather the two man with her flying navigator for me,” he said.
“I know but I need her in one of the big birds. You do understand?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am I do,” Mac said.
“Cody have you ever flown an F-16?” I asked.
“No ma'am I haven't,” Cody said.
“Another thing we'll need to remedy when we get back home,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I guess I'm not exactly what you were hoping for,” Cody said.
“Cody you've done great so don't cut yourself short for things you haven't done yet, you'll get a chance to learn, and that's what's important,” I said.
All of these men needed a rest and I wanted so much to give them one, but we still had a lot of work ahead of us if I wasn't going to use my magic to stop this little game.
“Curtis what is going on with those troops marching toward us?” I asked.
“From what I've been able to determine they've found themselves in the center of the dead zone which means they would need to back track at least twenty clicks to find a way around,” Curtis said.
“No Curtis they won't because to back track will give them the same as they face going forward. The traps been set completely around them and the only way out is to either spring the trap or find the trap without setting it off,” I said.
“You left them no avenue of escape? Ma'am I don't mean to sound harsh, but even during the war you never did anything like that. You've in essence condemned several of their men to death,” Curtis said.
“They knew who we are and why we were here. They were given the chance to assist and instead chose to try ambushing us in hopes of cutting us off from any possible escape. The enemy we faced during the war never left us with no where to go,” I said.
“Yes ma'am I understand that, but they knew who you were also and knew you'd never willingly take the avenue they would leave. Ma'am it was because you would never take the avenue they would leave they feared you above all other commanders they might face and wanted you more than anyone else,” Curtis said.
“Can you get me General Talbot on that radio?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am,” Curtis said.
“Jason tell me what you know,” I said.
“I know that all talks with the government there have broken off and they are telling us they are willing to help you if we are willing to give them the military advantage over the rebels they want. They said if we can't meet their demands the chances of you getting out alive are slim to none,” Jason said.
“Did they now? I hope you told them to go fuck themselves. You might ask them about their fifth and seventh divisions, I believe if they are in contact with them they will find both divisions cut off unable to advance or retreat without a high death toll. And the only reason the other five divisions aren't in the same boat is they aren't close enough to be a threat to me or my men yet,” I said.
It took him a while to get back to me after I gave him the information about the two divisions of troops that were virtually cut off from the rest of the world.
“They seemed to be surprised that we knew about those two divisions, and said something about them being on the other side of the country from where you are,” he said.
“I'm not surprised they would say that since they are trying to hold us ransom to get the weapons they want,” I said.
“So when will you be done there?” he asked.
“I'll get back with you when it's again safe to do so. I have one more call to make so I need to get off now,” I said.
Curtis gave me a look that said he still didn't have any idea what was going on.
“Get Major Collins on the radio again as soon as that call is done we'll be leaving for the rendezvous and should be out of here inside an hour,” I said.
I gave the order for June to get all the birds ready to go anything not ready when we got back would be left and that included her.
I gave everyone another ten minutes to rest and thought of everything that could have gone wrong in this mission and all that did go wrong. I came in here thinking it was the rebels I needed to worry about, but not for the reason it turned out. It wasn't the rebels that were running the drug labs and producing the drugs that polluted the streets back home. It was the government. The rebels were my people and they would do almost anything I asked them to.
I didn't call the men to their feet instead just doing the magic that had us all gathered just inside the tree line out of sight of the aircraft.
“On your feet men it is time to go home,” I said.
We walked out of the trees and I headed for one of the F-14 that sat empty.
“Ma'am we're just getting everything tied down,” June said.
“Tell me June would you rather fly as pilot of one of the big birds or as navigator on that F-14?” I asked.
“That all depends on who would be piloting the F-14,” she said.
“That depends on your answer,” I said.
“If the only option would be as a passenger on one of the big birds I guess the F-14,” she said.
“Fine go get that big ugly bastard that seems to think you're the best thing since sliced bread and tell him to take you home in style,” I said.
I turned for one of the F-16's and indicated for Chris to take the other F-16. Stephanie and Jessica were just coming in when I reached the cockpit and slipped the helmet on and got it plugged in so I had radio contact.
“Rose four White Rose leader. Keep that thing in the air as soon as these big birds are ready we'll all be joining you. Jessica it is up to you to make sure that thing has the fuel it needs to make it to our refuel point. White Rose two that goes for you as well Major. Mac get that bird up as soon as possible and assist Lieutenant Graham in making sure we don't have any surprises before we can get the big boys off the ground,” I said.
I saw Chris sitting in the other F-16 and left it to him if he wanted to get in the air or wait.
As soon as the engines for the C-141's started I fired over the engine of the F-16 I was sitting in and reveled in the feel of power it gave.
“White Rose heavy you have a go whenever you're ready. Rose heavy you have a go as soon as White Rose heavy is off the ground,” I said.
The first C-141 started rolling and was soon in the air and climbing rapidly. The second one started moving as soon as the first one was off the ground and was also in the air quickly. As soon as they had their wheels off the ground Chris and I both put our F-16 in motion and were off the ground in less than half the distance either of the C-141's had needed to get airborne.
We all climbed to thirty thousand feet and leveled off adjusting our coarse for home. It didn't take long and we had a wing of fighters maneuvering to cut us off and I was glad I had one of the F-16's. I ordered the C-141's to climb to forty thousand and let those of us in fighters deal with the ones we had headed our direction.
I split us into two groups with an F-14 and F-16 in each. Mac insisted on staying with me and Stephanie didn't seem to care as long as it was understood she intended to kill as many of the idiots as possible for being foolish enough to think they had a chance of matching our abilities.
We separated from the big birds moving for a cut off of the fighters in such a way they wouldn't have a choice but to know they would have to tangle with us if they wanted to have a prayer of a chance at the bigger aircraft.
“Rose leader you're coming in at to sharp an angle they'll be able to get away,” I said.
“I know that dear and I hope they believe they have a chance of getting away as well,” Chris replied.
“Understood baby. Stephanie you better protect my baby or so help me I'll have your ass hanging from my wall when this is over,” I said.
“It will be like he's in his mommas own sweet loving arms ma'am, and if he's doing what I hope he is things are going to get nasty for those fools very quickly,” Stephanie said.
“Understood. Lets just get this done and go home I have my babies waiting for me to tuck them in and this is looking to make it take longer before that happens,” I said.
“Sam,” June came across the witches mental link, “wouldn't it be better to use this way of communicating?” she asked.
“It probably would if we weren't trying to psych out the fools coming at us. Didn't you notice we're on an open frequency?” I asked.
“No ma'am I didn't notice I thought we were still on our closed frequency,” she said.
“June we need to fix it so you can hear everything going on. Maybe when we get home you might try asking that lug your with to do what you wanted at one time,” I said.
“But I have my witchcraft back now, I really wouldn't want to lose it,” she said.
“Mac what are the chances of her losing her witchcraft?” I asked.
“About the same as my chances of no longer being a vampire. That's only a guess Sam, but I suppose you'd be willing to help her the way you did me,” he said.
“What do you say June if you could maintain your witchcraft and still become a vampire would it be worth it?” I asked.
“Would I be one of your Roses?” she asked.
“June you are second in command of White Rose and commander of the White Rose reconnaissance unit what more do you want?” I asked.
“I'm... you're... Sam the White Rose reconnaissance unit has been yours from its founding, are you sure about this?” she asked.
“June this is the last mission I'll take an active part in like this. I thought I would enjoy coming back, I thought I could handle missions like this again, but I have those two little girls that depend on me and I can't stop thinking about them and it's almost cost us twice now. I can handle the desk and making sure everything we need is available, but I'm done with the field work,” I said.
Chris cut in trying to bring us all back to the fight we were about to get into.
“I see you figured out how to use this part of your elemental magic dear,” I said.
“You know Sam you really can be a bitch sometimes,” he said.
“I know that's why you love me so much,” I said.
“Ma'am not to interrupt, but those fighters have US marking on them,” Stephanie said.
“White Rose fighters this is Blue-jay naval air wing we've been asked to escort you to São Paulo.”
“Blue-jay leader this is White Rose commander. On whose orders are we to head to São Paulo?”
“Ma'am I wasn't given that information, I was told to escort you and your heavies to São Paulo. And make sure you didn't have any trouble along the way. Ma'am I understand you have several wounded people on your heavy aircraft. I can assure you we do have the best medical facilities available.”
“Blue-jay without conformation we will not change our coarse and will follow our prearranged plan of refueling over Panama and again once we cross into US airspace,” I said.
Understood ma'am. Is there someone we can contact for you to gain that verification?” Blue-jay leader asked.
“General Jason Talbot, he's our commander. The last time I talked to him he was in Washington,” I said.
“Yes ma'am if you'll give us a minute,” Blue-jay leader said.
“Jason what the hell is going on?” I asked.
“You don't have to yell Sam. I don't know I just heard they want you to head for Brazil something about getting those people medical treatment as soon as possible,” Jason said.
“Blue-jay leader we'll accept your escort,” I said.
We turned to follow the flight that had been sent to escort us. 
“White Rose if you can manage some of our escort are going to break off and make sure we aren't being followed,” Blue-jay leader said.
“I appreciate your concern Blue-jay, but I think it would be better we all stay together. If we were being followed I would already know about it,” I said.
“Ma'am if I'm not mistaken the radar on your aircraft is the same as on ours,” Blue-jay leader said.
“Affirmative Blue-jay, but we have an advantage over you, trust me if we were being followed I would know about it,” I said.
It took another hour before we reached Brazilian airspace.
”Blue-jay if you and your flight want to go ahead I think we can handle things from here,” I said.
“Ma'am if it's all the same to you we've been ordered to escort you the whole way in to make sure you and your cargo are safe,” blue-jay leader said.
“Then I suggest you get ready for a fight. I'm reading several aircraft approaching from the west and they aren't ours,” I said.
“Excuse me ma'am, but I'm not showing anything and haven't heard anything from our command,” Blue-jay said.
“Colonel, Jessica said she's counting at least fifteen and moving fast at an angle that indicates aggression,” Stephanie said.
“Roger White Rose two,” I said.
“Ma'am the Major is reading a half dozen more coming from the south,” Mac said.
“Mac I want you and Major Collins to stay with the big birds along with Colonel Jacobs. I'm sure Stephanie and I can handle this,” I said.
“Sam I don't like this idea of yours what if you... damn that woman sometimes,” Chris said.
I had taken Stephanie and I to a position behind the incoming aircraft.
“Unidentified aircraft, please identify yourselves or we will open fire,” I said.
There was no response and I fired a few shots to let them know we meant business.
“Unidentified aircraft, please identify yourselves or the next shots will not be warning shots,” I said.
Again there was no response and again I opened fire this time hitting the engine of the lead aircraft. The engine burst into flames and the pilot ejected.
“Lieutenant mark the location of that pilot and we'll see if Blue-jay can get someone out here to pick them up,” I said.
As the lead aircraft went down the rest of the aircraft started banking in several directions.
“Stephanie it's time to use your vampire magic in a way you've never done before. You need to take both you and your aircraft into stealth mode, unless they have vampires flying those aircraft it will make it extremely hard for them to lock on you that way,” I said.
I watched as Stephanie copied the vampire magic I did to hide my aircraft. I knew it would make her extremely difficult for anyone but another vampire to track, and knew also if it came down to it Jessica could shift their position if any of these pilots were able to follow them.
“Unidentified aircraft, this is your last chance to identify yourselves before we shoot you out of the sky,” I said.
“I've heard you are good Colonel Jacobs. I just wonder how good you really are. You are only two against our twenty. Do you really think we are afraid of you?” the unidentified aircraft said.
“General Esperanza, are you sure you want to find out? There's an entire flight of F-18's not all that far out I'm sure they could pick off any of you my Lieutenant and I happen to miss,” I said.
The F-18's were coming in hot and if this guy really wanted to fight I knew we could give him a fight he likely wouldn't survive.
“General if you want to go home this is your chance, if however you don't leave now I will give my Lieutenant the okay to start shooting and I've never seen her miss,” I said.
I didn't get a response in what I considered a good enough time and let Stephanie know the fight was on, but if these people wanted out to let them go.
The plane next to the Generals burst into flames and that pilot ejected and his plane went down. The one on the other side of him burst into flames as well and the pilot again ejected.
“General you are running out of planes and unless you intend to try making the hike back home I suggest you turn for home now. I will not stop my Lieutenant again and I will start shooting as well and as good as my Lieutenant is I can assure you, I am better,” I said.
General Esperanza banked to his left followed by the other aircraft and headed back home.
“Colonel I suggest you never again return to my country if you do you will be arrested on sight and if you even think of flying over it you will be shot down and taken prisoner, you will not see your children again,” General Esperanza said.
I leveled my guns on his aircraft and squeezed the trigger firing off a very short spray of bullets, but more then enough to cripple his plane so it would never make it back home.
“General I know that short burst didn't kill you, but it did damage you airplane enough you'll never make it back with the rest of your men. Let me give you an additional thought while you still have enough control of it to try. I will go wherever the fuck I want whenever I want and believe me anyone who thinks they can treat me, or my people with anything but the greatest respect, will find I don't have a lot of patients for fools, and am more than capable of retaliating toward their annihilation. Also, if you try ejecting before you cross the border to your own country I will fire again and like my Lieutenant I never miss,” I said.
I didn't think about what I was doing I just took myself, Lieutenants Graham and Sanders and the flight of F-18's back to where Chris, Mac and the C-141's were so we could continue on to São Paulo.
Chapter 31
Several ambulances met us when we landed to transport all the injured people from the crash to the base hospital.
“Colonel can you explain something to me?” the Major who was Blue-jay leader asked.
I was watching as my men assisted in loading the ambulances.
“What is it Major?” I asked.
“You and one of your F-14's seemed to disappear shortly after word that we were being followed up there. When we finally caught up with you we were all back in formation escorting your company here,” he said.
“I haven't got a clue what you're talking about Major, and I'm sure if you said something like that in your report they would want to know what kind of drugs you're on,” I said.
“Ma'am I don't mean to argue with you, but something happened up there that doesn't make sense,” he said.
“And you're hoping I can make sense of it for you? Is that about the size of it? Major I was headed back home when you and your men intercepted us, I had no warning that I would be diverted to this base since it was not something I had planned or wanted. So you tell me Major why was I diverted here. When you figure that out maybe I can make sense of what you're asking me,” I said.
“You know I can't answer that ma'am. I was only told to meet you and escort you back here,” he said.
“Then you did your job didn't you Major? This little diversion is taking time away from my children who I had hoped to be back with tonight. If you can, imagine your children being without either of their parents who are almost half way around the world doing everything they can to save the lives of complete strangers. While you're trying to imagine that, keep in mind that our daughters are under the age of six, and were told we were on our way home. That Major is what happened, and to top it all off had we not diverted to here those enemy aircraft never would have caught up to us. So while you are scratching your head for answers to something that makes no sense to you, keep in mind just what this mission is doing to my family,” I said.
“I'm sorry ma'am I didn't know. No Major you didn't know, and had you not felt you needed answers to easy your mind about something that happened you never would have known because I don't drag my problems out for everyone to see. You did your job, be content that you completed your assigned mission and were able to return home safely. You'll fair a damn sight better than most of those people these ambulances are taking to the hospital,” I said.
“Ma'am, would it be too much for me to ask how many of them are your men?” the Major asked.
“None of them. Mine and my husbands companies were called in to rescue them. They were on a diplomatic mission and crashed, these are the survivors of that plane crash,” I said.
“That's the same kind of thing you did during the war isn't it?” he asked.
“I guess it is though I never gave it much thought. I was asked to do it because one of the victims of the crash asked for me. I guess he figured I was the most capable since during the war my reconnaissance unit saved two of his companies from being over run and either killed or taken prisoner. This was different in that this time I had a full company at my command and my husbands company was willing and able to give us an assist. That's something that didn't happen very often during the war,” I said.
“Sam, I don't want to interrupt,” General Long said.
“You aren't interrupting General,” I said.
“I want to thank you for what you did. I know you're still trying to pull your company together, but I loved seeing you in action again,” General Long said.
“General if you could manage to pull a few strings and get my aircraft fueled so we can go home. My girls are hoping to see their father and I tonight,” I said.
“Consider it done Sam. I hope I wasn't too much trouble this time,” he said.
“You were no trouble at all sir, in fact you were a big help if what my men are saying is true, and I don't think any of them would dare lie to me,” I said.
“No Sam I doubt there are many who would dare lie to you,” he said.
General Long gave me a salute and then a hug.
“That was General Long wasn't it?” the Major asked.
“You know of him?” I asked.
“I never had the privilege of meeting him, but I heard he was a tactical genius during the war,” the Major said.
“If that's true it was before I met him. He was the General I had to rescue and told to shut the fuck up, which in part was why I never made it past Captain during the war,” I said.
“I'm not sure I understand ma'am,” the Major said.
“I'm not sure I could explain it either Major. All I know is General Long and I didn't see eye to eye when I was called on to save him and his companies that were trapped behind enemy lines, and since he was wounded and I was the senior officer capable of command until I was able to get him out I had nothing but trouble from him trying to over ride my orders. After that it was understood that no matter how high ranking anyone was when I was called in I assumed command, or they found someone else to go in. I wasn't going to risk my men if someone who got their own men into a situation was able to over rule my every decision,” I said.
He tried to continue the conversation, but in doing so just took it in a circular pattern that I didn't care to try following.
“Major if you will excuse me I have to tend to the matter of getting me and my men home,” I said.
I walked over to Chris and placed my arm around his waist.
“General Long said he would see about pulling some strings to get our planes fueled so we can get out of here,” I said.
“You're worried about the girls?” Chris asked.
“Not worried I just miss them. Chris this is my last mission, from here out I won't be accompanying my company on the missions. I can't leave the girls alone like this again,” I said.
“I understand, but I doubt Jason will,” Chris said.
“It's not Jason I'm worried about, it's Washington. They agreed to the eagles because it was the only way of getting me to consider coming back and if they think I won't go on any more missions they won't like it,” I said.
“They'll get over it especially if you're willing to train as well as keep your White Rose company going,” Chris said.
“I could do that, but I'm not sure they'll like my training methods any better this time than they did last time,” I said.
The fuel trucks showed up and topped off the fuel on all my aircraft along with a couple of the F-18's. I wasn't sure what that was about, but wasn't going to start questioning them about it. For all I knew they had a couple flights going out and the pilots for the birds hadn't shown up yet.
“Excuse me, Colonel Jacobs?” someone said.
Chris and I answered in unison. “Yes.”
“Um, Colonel Sam Jacobs?” they asked.
“That's me, what can I do for you Lieutenant?” I asked.
“I was told to let you know your aircraft are now ready whenever you're ready to leave. Ma'am they said if you have the pilots the F-18's they fueled are yours too,” the Lieutenant said.
If I have the pilots. I almost had to laugh at that one. I had more than enough men that knew how to fly those aircraft. Between Chris and I we probably had enough men that knew how to fly them we could have taken every aircraft they had and still had men left over.
“Thank you Lieutenant, I'm sure between my husband and I we can find pilots for them,” I said.
I needed to take a break I wanted to get home to my babies and say enough was enough. I still needed to find a way of bringing balance back to the world of mortal and magical and as yet I still didn't have any idea how. Why did nature think I would be able to do what she wanted. It would have been so much easier if she'd just started over, but that wasn't her way.
Chris saw what he thought was tiredness and asked Mac if he would find pilots for the F-18's and the F-16's he and I had been flying. I wished I could have explained to him what he thought was tired was anguish instead. I knew he couldn't understand what it was I was supposed to be doing, what nature had called on me to do. Like me he hadn't grown up with the stories of the White Rose, so the whole concept of the power of the magic that was available to me was beyond his grasp.
We were back in the air within twenty minutes of our aircraft being fueled and close enough to off the radar of the base I didn't worry about whether or not they saw us just disappear.
“Captain you should be within range of our base could you please contact them on our frequency and see how long before we will be able to land,” I said.
Ten minutes later we had our clearance to land and all the fighters went in together the bigger aircraft needed much more runway and were slower than the fighters so held back until all the fighters were on the ground and off the runway. By the time the first C-141 was off the runway and taxiing to the hanger the second was touching down. At the hanger everyone was standing around waiting for Chris and I looking uncertain just what to say or do.
I waited on the airplane until everyone was off and gathered in the hanger. Chris waited with me unsure just why we hadn't gotten off as soon as possible.
“Ma'am the men are all gather and waiting,” June said.
“Thank you Major. Can you have Rose company separate from our White Rose I need to talk to our company alone after talking to both companies,” I said.
“Yes ma'am, I'll see our company understand to wait after Rose company is dismissed,” June said.
“Thank you June. I want an invitation to the wedding,” I said.
I thanked everyone for their efforts in getting those people off that mountain. I wished I could have done more than just give a thank you, but that wasn't reality. Reality was they did the job they had been given and even a thank you shouldn't have been necessary.
Chris offered his thanks to mine and said he had never been prouder of working with the men and women gathered than he was at that moment. Everyone had preformed above and beyond what we could have dreamed and he intended to put everyone up for accommodation.
Rose company was dismissed and after a short time of commemorating with the men from my company they departed leaving my company and I standing there alone. Chris looked at me and headed off with his men. I waited until they were all gone before starting.
“Sargent Denvers I have to ask you to hand in the diamond in your strips,” I said.
Mac gave me a look of disappointment that I would be taking his first Sargent status away from him.
“Ma'am I don't understand,” Mac said.
“I know you don't Mac, but we can talk about it in private once this meeting is over,” I said.
He handed me the diamond and stepped back in line with everyone else.
“Sargent Collins I think these should be yours,” I said, handing him the first Sargent diamonds.
I saw real pain in Mac's eyes for the first time since we had met, but knew I was still doing the right thing.
“Even though we haven't been associated as a company very long I couldn't have asked more from any of you. I know you are all wondering about why I made Sargent Collins First Sargent, when most of you know the history between Sargent Denvers and myself. You'll just have to keep wondering. There are only three people besides myself that need to know the answer to that question and one of those three people I believe already knows,” I said.
I looked over at June who seemed taken by surprise as much as anyone.
“Starting tomorrow we will be starting training as a company in earnest, so I want all of you to enjoy what's left of the day and be ready to start work tomorrow. That work will start by making sure everyone of these aircraft are cleaned up and ready to go with the basics we'll need on every mission. While you did a hell of a job I think we could do better and I want everyone of you working to insure next time will be better. In the field Major Collins will be in command from now on as this was the last mission I will be going on,” I said.
Mac looked at me and the hurt was gone. He now understood in part why I had taken his first Sargent status away from him.
No one said anything about me saying I wouldn't be going on another mission, but I did see the sadness in some of their eyes.
“Sargent Denvers, Sargent Collins and Major Collins I would like to see you in my office everyone else is dismissed,” I said.
The three of them walked from the hanger to the administration building with me, none of us saying anything.
“June, Mac, I'd like to talk to the two of you first. Curtis this shouldn't take long,” I said.
They came in my office and stood in front of my desk at attention. While I walked around.
“Please this isn't a formal military meeting. Relax and take a seat,” I said.
I waited while both of them took a seat and sat down looking from one to the other.
“Mac I know you felt hurt by me taking away your First Sargent status, but I did so in hopes you would finally do the one thing I've always wish for you. I know you won't do what will make you the happiest in life as long as you believe you need to be out there protecting me, and now you know that isn't something you need to worry about any longer, at least not in a field combat situation. I also know that you won't go against military protocol unless it's to protect me, so I am asking for your resignation from the military,” I said.
He looked at me and a tear started rolling down his cheek.
“I... Sam I... I don't know anything but the military,” he said.
“I know Mac, I know and I do want you to still work for me, but as a civilian contractor. I'm going to be offering to train special forces recruits in an attempt to appease the brass in Washington about me not going on missions,” I said.
He looked from me to June and back to me.
“Major Collins put you up to this didn't she?” he asked.
“Would you accuse me of something like that Mac? Since when have you ever known me to do something I didn't believe was the right thing. June and I did talk about it, but it was me who suggested this not her. She wanted to offer her resignation so you could still be by my side on the crazy missions we always seemed to draw. It was my idea to ask for your resignation instead because I knew I couldn't handle being away from my children as long as these missions would require, and also knew June was more than capable of commanding this company almost as well as I can myself, in a combat situation. Mac if you and June are going to have a relationship one of you need to resign from the military and right now June is needed in the military more than you are,” I said.
“Sam asking her to go into the kind of situations we handled without me is like you going in without me,” Mac said.
“She has my Roses to help her Mac,” I said.
“Mac, Sam's right. I know you'll always worry about me when I'm in the field, and if you're willing to help me find the blood magic maybe then you won't need to worry quite so much. I promise you, as soon as we can find someone else who is capable of commanding this company I'll step aside and just be your wife, if you'll let me,” June said.
The tears told the whole story he knew what we were saying was how it needed to be, but that didn't change how he felt about it.
“I... promise me Sam that you'll find someone else as quickly as possible,” Mac said.
“I already have Mac, but right now they aren't command grade and won't be for at least six months,” I said.
“Your Roses,” he said.
“My Roses. Mac you had the chance to work with them as did June. You know if they were ready and already command grade I wouldn't be asking this of you,” I said.
“So what is it you want me to do Sam?” he asked.
“Retire. You have the years in, and that way you can keep your security clearance and work with me as an equal rather than a subordinate,” I said.
“I'll need to think about it. I just can't imagine not being there to make sure nothing bad happens to you. It seems I've been watching out for you my whole life,” he said.
Chapter 32
“Come in Curtis, I think it's time to let you know what's going on,” I said.
“Ma'am I think I know already. I think all of us from the old unit know,” Curtis said.
“You don't seem surprised,” I said.
“No ma'am it wasn't really any more of a surprise then finding out you're really a woman. It's kind of like we always knew and it just didn't matter,” he said.
“But this does matter Curtis. This matters because it's against military protocol so the only way they can be together is if one of them resigns from the military,” I said.
“Yes ma'am. I guess we all kind of thought it would be the Major who would resign though ma'am,” Curtis said.
“She wanted to. Curtis this mission taught me that I can't go on missions that will require me to be gone for very long. I couldn't think about anything, but getting back home to my children. I need someone of command grade and right now Major Collins is the only person I trust to do the right thing when it comes to running this company in my absence,” I said.
“That makes since ma'am she does do things a lot like you do,” he said.
June looked at me with a shocked look that said she never expected that kind of comment from me. She wanted to kill me and had been banished to a world were she didn't exist to the living, but could see and hear everything that went on around her. She had been released from that banishment hoping that at best she might be allowed to die only to find her magic locked away from her and no real hope of ever getting it back. All those things from the hands of the one person she had hated and feared most, and now to hear that person say she was the only choice for something as important as running the White Rose company of the military.
“June you've earned this. You've learned the lesson to regain your magic, a lesson that many will never learn. I ask only that you never forget what you've learned, it is and should always be your most powerful magic,” I said.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
“I don't deserve this ma'am. I don't deserve any of this. You never should have removed that banishment from me, that's what I deserve,” she said.
“No June it isn't. What you deserve is something you've never know before. You deserve the magic of love so you can love. You deserve to be understood so you can understand. You deserve tolerance so you can learn to be tolerant. Those are the things everyone deserves and many will not accept. You could have left me to learn my magic through trial and error, instead you helped me learn it the way only someone who knows how to finesse magic could. We were on opposites of the scale in how much elemental magic we had access to and without learning to finesse I could have never learned to limit the power of magic I use to accomplish things,” I said.
“But you're the Rose. You know more about magic than anyone and... your magic would have taught you. I know it talks to you. I can tell by how you do things sometimes,” she said.
“Elemental and blood magic are gifts of nature. I can hear nature because I learned to limit how much or her gift I use. Yes before you helped me nature instructed me in the use of her gift, but she placed you there to help me better understand what her gift really is,” I said.
I needed to get home. I needed to see my babies and let them know mommy wasn't going away again, at least not like I did this time.
“If there isn't anything any of you need, I really would like to get home so I can spend the remainder of the day with my family. June I would like you to start handling the schedule for everyone, but do reserve the right to accept or reject it if I feel it's too easy, or to hard,” I said.
I trusted these three people to insure everyone was worked to their highest potential while being understanding if they weren't capable at first of meeting that potential.
“Mac can I see you alone before we go. Curtis I hope you'll give Major Collins your all as you did me,” I said.
June and Curtis walked out of my office while Mac stayed.
“You knew I'd accept this didn't you?” he asked.
“I hoped you would Mac. I know everyone of the old unit came back for me. And I know you've felt responsible for me since we went through training together. For a long time I never understood why, and I'm not so sure you even knew why, now though we both know why. Mac you are the closest thing I have to a brother, big or little. Just as you always felt you needed to protect me I've felt I needed to protect you. I don't know if you can understand how hard it was for me to ask you and the others to go into what could have been certain death time and again. I felt like I was throwing sheep at wolves each time I did,” I said.
“We were never sheep Sam,” Mac said.
“No, we weren't sheep, but it still felt like that was what I was doing, and now isn't any different. I know you hate sharing the blood of life as much as I do, but if June asks I hope you will grant her request, if she is going to be leading our men she will need to understand them fully and that means understanding their magic. I can help her keep her witchcraft, but she is your wife so her transformation should be yours to help her with, not mine,” I said.
“How long have you known?” he asked.
“I'm hurt that you didn't tell me or invite me to the ceremony, but I know you had your reasons. I knew just before we left on that mission,” I said.
“Sam I... we wanted you to be able to say you didn't know if anyone said anything,” he said.
“Mac you know it doesn't matter to me. I've only ever wanted you to be happy,” I said.
I gave him a hug, raising on my toes gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Please don't try hiding things from me, it hurts to think you might not trust me,” I said.
“I'll have my retirement letter for you by morning. I'll always trust you Sam, even when I don't trust myself I'll still trust you,” he said.
“Mac you know I love you,” I said.
He smiled on his way out the door.
“I love you too Sam,” he pulled the door shut behind him.
I started on my report knowing Mac would show Curtis his office.
“Ma'am?” Curtis said.
I looked up and Curtis was standing in my door unsure about whether to come in or not.
“Yes Curtis, what do you need?” I asked.
“I was wondering ma'am if as your first Sargent I'm suppose to file a report on the mission as well,” he asked.
“No Curtis you don't need to file a report unless the brass above me asks for one. Curtis, before you duck out is there any chance of you teaching someone else to handle communications for the company, show them some of your tricks for tapping into the satellites and what-not?” I asked.
“I could probably do that, yes ma'am,” he said.
“Thank you Curtis. One more thing how would you like to be able to access elemental magic as well as blood magic?” I asked.
“I'm not Mac ma'am, in all the time we were together we all knew you and Mac were tight, at first we thought it was like he is with Major Collins, at the end we finally figured it out that he was more like a very protective big brother to you. Ma'am we were all there to protect you, but knew none of us could come close to the protection Mac gave you,” he said.
“Have a seat Curtis I can see you want to know more and I'm in the mood to tell more,” I said.
I waited while he took a seat across from me.
“All my life I knew I was a woman, I don't know how I knew I just did. My oldest sister got married just before I left for basic training, and at her wedding I finally told my family I was female and they all laughed at me. I felt like a failure and thought seriously about taking off and not telling anyone where I was, but instead waited until time to leave for basic. Basic training was something I had never experienced and I wasn't sure I was cut out for military life. I toughed it out and was selected for OCS right out of basic.”
“At OCS I learned to fly all the aircraft they had on the base and graduated OCS a year ahead of when I was scheduled to complete it. From OCS I drew special forces and was promoted to First Lieutenant. My first day at special forces training I met Mac and the two of us got into an argument. He thought my size meant he would be able to bully me and I was determined to let him know he wasn't as tough as he thought he was. A couple weeks into the training things between us came to a head, and I challenged him to a fight in the ring. If he won I'd drop out of special forces training and if I won he would stop trying to make life so miserable for me.”
“Suffice it to say I won the fight and he stopped picking on me. He said something about never having seen anyone that could follow his every move the way I did, and so he couldn't find a way inside my guard. After that we became great friends and he wouldn't let anyone pick on me. Together we completed our training ahead of schedule and were put together on our finale test to see if we were ready.
“I'm not sure we could have pulled off what we did if it hadn't been for Mac, but the idea was mine and everyone else just kind of went along since I was the senior officer. We were told any of us who didn't make it to the end of the test would fail and have to continue the training or would be dropped from special forces. The first thing I did as commander was ask if they all wanted to graduate or they only wanted to try. They all looked at me and said they wanted to graduate, but knew the chances of it weren't good, since every test team to date had never completed the test intact.”
“When we got to the first objective I laid out a tactic none of them thought possible until it came time to put it into effect, as we moved farther and farther into the objective they each saw how it was the only way of insuring success without risking ourselves. From the first objective to the next we laid down a false trail and took the one direction we were sure they wouldn't be guarding. When we reached the second objective we noticed an obvious hole in the defenses and so ignored it entirely since no one would be foolish enough to leave a gap that big unless there were no way to the objective in that direction. We studied the defenses and found another weakness small though it was, if we timed things right we could get in and out without anyone being the wiser, until we were long on our way back to our base.”
“Mac and I were the last ones through the hole and made sure any trace of our passing was wiped clean. We didn't know the objective was the commander when we went in, our instructions were that the base commander would have our last objective. We found him in an office with maximum security guarding it and found taking out the guards was a simple matter of waiting for them on their rounds and taking them out of the game. Mac and I went in the office and before the commander even had a clue we were there we had a knife to his throat to take him out of the game.”
“I'll never forget what he said when he realized that the slightest move could have meant his life. 'Captain Waters,' he said, 'never in the history of the special forces have we ever had anyone go through the test so smoothly with no casualties on either side.”
“I hate to disappoint you then commander because there were casualties on your side, every guard standing watch on this office is now a casualty, it was the only way to insure success.”
“The test was over and I was promoted to Captain and assigned to Bravo company as second in command. I was still only nineteen years old and knew no one would believe me capable of commanding. When I was stationed to Bravo company they asked if there was anyone I wanted to go with and Mac was the only one I asked for. He knew me better than anyone ever had and trusted me implicitly. I didn't understand why, I only knew that if Mac and I were separated there would be problems that neither of us wanted to contemplate.”
“Our first mission out our commander was wounded leaving me in command to get everyone back if possible. Our objective still hadn't been completed, but according to the orders coming over the radio I was just to return to base if possible.”
“How do you tell everyone that was wounded they were wounded for nothing, I never could figure that one out. I cut the radio as soon as the orders were received without acknowledging them in hopes they would think we never got them. Everyone in the company was now looking to me to get them back home and I was thinking about how to complete our mission.”
“Excuse me ma'am, but how did you think you could get away with disobeying orders like that,” Curtis asked.
“She knew that to not complete the mission would mean the enemy would have a strong hold they hadn't had to that point. Besides even then she was the Rose of Magic. Never had any of those men with us believed something like what we did was possible and it's likely that without her magic it wasn't. I think however it wasn't elemental or blood magic she used that day as much as it was love. The men fell in love with her because she let them choose. If the men wanted to return to base she would do her best to insure they made it, but if they wanted to make a real difference she would help them do so, but it would mean accepting her orders without question,” Mac said.
“You never backed out of a fight did you? Either of you?” Curtis asked.
“No, Curtis, we never did,” I said.
“Thank you for sharing. I know I won't make as good of a First Sargent as Mac, but I will do my best,” Curtis said.
“Have I ever asked more than that Curtis?” I asked.
“No ma'am, never,” Curtis said.
Mac and Curtis walked out together and I started again on the report I had to file. It took me twenty minutes to get the report drafted and ready to hand over to my company clerk to get sent in.
I looked up as Chris started to knock on the door and rather than indicate for him to come in stood and grabbed the report heading for the door.
“You ready to go home?” he asked.
“Just need to drop these papers with my clerk so he can get them typed up and sent in,” I said.
“You wouldn't mind me seeing what you said would you?” he asked.
“Can it wait until tomorrow? Chris I just want to get the girls and go home. If mom has fed the girls I don't even care about dinner,” I said.
I handed the papers over to my clerk and the phone rang. I tried to tell him that whoever it was if they wanted me I wasn't there only to have him tell me it was General Talbot.
“Tell him I'm not here please. If whatever it is he wants is so important he can use the other means he has of reaching me,” I said.
“I'm sorry sir she just left can I take a message?” my clerk said.
There was a pause and he held the phone out to me.
“Jason this had damned well better be important,” I said.
“I guess it is, Sam how can you explain already being home when according to São Paulo you only left there an hour ago?” he asked.
“I'm not home yet Jason. If I were you'd already have my report. Since you won't have my report until morning I don't see how you can accuse me of doing the impossible,” I said.
“Sam if it were just you and me on this call I might let you get away with something like that,” Jason said.
“I'm sorry General you broke up there, it sounded like you're accusing me of being a witch,” I said.
“So you're still in the air on your way back home?” he asked.
“Affirmative. Jason if this isn't important I really do need to pay attention to what I'm doing,” I said.
“Of course Sam, I just wanted to check and see how things were going,” he said.
He knew I was home. That I was live on the phone not on the radio in some airplane flying at Mach one, but he also had the good graces to accept my story because of those listening in on our conversation.
“He didn't buy that you're still in the air did he?” Chris asked.
“As long as the rest of them listening in did what difference does it make?” I asked.
I turned my attention to my company clerk and let him know the report shouldn't go in until the next afternoon at the earliest. He gave me a nod and Chris and I walked out the door arm in arm.
The girls were so happy to see Chris and I they were jumping all over the place in their excitement. Mom and I talked while Chris did his best to get the girls settled down and ready to go home.
“Sam, I'm not sure it would be a good idea for me to watch them when you're out on one of those missions,” Mom said.
“Don't worry mom, I'm not going on anymore of those missions. I couldn't stop thinking about the girls long enough to think about what it was we were doing,” I said.
“Sam, that doesn't make me feel any better, if anything it scares me more,” Mom said.
“Me too mom, me too. Have you fed the girls yet?” I asked.
“We were just getting ready to sit down, there's plenty if you want to join us,” she said.
Dinner was uneventful and every bit as good as I remembered growing up. Ellen always put on a show of fixing the meals, but mom was the one who did the majority of the cooking since none of us would eat much of anything Ellen cooked.
It seemed so easy to forget about Ellen, since she did everything she could to not be involved in our lives. Jenny was the only one of us she took much interest in, and when she came home married to someone of the same sex, it sent Ellen over the edge.
The day of Kathy's wedding when I said I felt I should have been born female, that angered Ellen in a way I didn't understand. It was like all the problems of the world were my fault now that I not only rejected her religion, but rejected her belief that I was male.
Was it possible that had I really been male things might have been different? What if I had been born with a female body instead of hidden away from the world as I had been? Would I have been strong enough to be who I needed to be, or would I have been treated the way the girls that wore the dresses that were always to short were treated?
How many witches had been abused by religion? I knew all my sisters and mother had been, and they were all witches. Mom wasn't a witch for the moment, but that was to give her time to understand what it meant to be a vampire. When she was ready I would show her how to again access her witchcraft.
“You seem a long way away Sam,” Chris said.
“Chris do you ever listen to the magic?” I asked.
“I'm not sure I understand. Magic doesn't speak,” he said.
“Sure it does. It's always guiding us if we'll only take the time to listen,” I said.
“You're talking about meditation?” he asked.
“Kind of, but not really meditation, it's more than that. With meditation it's listening and thinking about what you think is right. Listening to the magic goes beyond that, it has nothing at all to do with personal convictions, and everything to do with what's right. Those who don't hear the magic do what they think is right, usually, though there are a few who do what feels good to them, and don't care about what's right. They may meditate, but they are listening only to their own baser desires,” I said.
“Then this has more to do with the magic of love you keep talking about?” he asked.
“Tell me what you think love is since it seems you don't want to believe it can be magical?” I asked.
“I didn't say it wasn't magical, but it's hard to think of it as magic,” he said.
Chapter 33
Three months after returning from rescuing those people off that mountain Jason stopped by with several files he wanted me to look at.
“Sam I wish I could say I understand, but I don't,” Jason said.
“Jason I haven't been working with the company June has. They trust her as do I, and if it comes to going into a possible situation that means shooting she is more than capable. She knows what these men can and can't do better than I do,” I said.
“They want your company Sam, but more they want you leading it,” he said.
“I am leading it Jason, but the only way I go out on missions is if there is no other way of accomplishing the mission without what I can do. You know there's no way I can include that kind of thing in a report and I'm not up to sending in reports that aren't factual,” I said.
“So why did you bother coming back? Sam you're White Rose, not June, not the men in this company, just you,” he said.
“I'm the Rose of Magic Jason, not the White Rose from the stories. I'm not the White Lotus from stories either. Every clan out there has similar stories, and each clan thinks I'm the fulfillment of those stories. I don't know Jason, maybe I am, and if so it seems I'm not what everyone thinks I should be. I'm not even what you think I should be,” I said.
“Sam you're more then those stories tell, much more,” he said.
“Then accept that I can't command in the field any longer. I'm needed here where I can make sure my babies are safe, where I can gather those who have elemental and blood magic together into one coven and clan the way it was in the beginning. Maybe once my girls are big enough to take care of themselves, and I have the clans and covens gathered back together I'll be able to do field work again, but for now I can't,” I said.
“You aren't going to resign your commission again are you?” he asked.
“I didn't plan on it, but if it's the only way of not doing field work I'm ready to,” I said.
“Sam I'll do what I can to make the brass understand, but I'm sure they won't like that you aren't leading your men out there,” he said.
“Jason I don't care what the brass understands or doesn't understand, I set the rules for my company and my people. If you are one of my people you'll wakeup to the fact that nothing anyone says or does can alter what the magic demands of me. Once I have the clans and covens gathered again into a single clan and coven then maybe I'll be able to command in the field again,” I said.
“I'm one of your people Mistress and there isn't anything I wouldn't do, if you but ask,” he said.
“Then you understand. I have to do what the magic asks for now. Jason the best way of contacting me is through the link. If I'm not in the office or at home chances are it will be the only way of finding me and I'll call whatever phone number you need me to if someone from Washington wants to talk to me,” I said.
“Sam I'm limited on distance,” he said.
“My sister isn't. If you can't reach me talk to her or my children,” I said.
“You're going to be traveling a lot aren't you?” he asked.
“My Roses and I will all be doing a lot of traveling, but not in a way we could share with anyone. Jason, I...” I started to say.
June knocked on my door opening it enough to stick her head in.
“Come in Major, I believe you and General Talbot should become better acquainted, since you'll be working together when I'm not available,” I said.
I looked back at Jason. “Major Collins is another you will be able to reach me through since she will always have a couple of my Roses with her as well,” I said.
“I don't think I understand. Just how many Roses do you have?” he asked.
“She has four that are marked as such at the moment, that I'm aware of, and believe me General I wouldn't dare cross the two we have in the company, they know how to use each others magic and combine their magic making them almost as powerful as Sam is,” June interjected as she took a seat next to Jason.
“I've given them the authority to act on my behave if I'm not around. June in a way is one of my Roses as well since she is planning to marry my best friend and long time protector,” I said.
“The reason for Mac's retirement I take it?” Jason asked.
“Military protocol forbade them getting married. I need June here commanding the company so I can do what I need to do. Mac needs her and she needs him, so Curtis is now my first Sargent and Mac and June are free to marry, and have my best wishes,” I said.
“I see so where exactly do I fit into this then?” he asked.
“The same place you've always fit in Jason. You tell us what you need and we do our damnedest to make sure it gets done. If June isn't sure about something she comes to me, if I'm not available she goes to Chris or you. I want Mac to retain his security clearance and to fill in for me in my training classes when I'm unable to be here. I'd also like him to be available for June to consult if you, or Chris can't give her advice that makes sense to her,” I said.
I was done trying to explain why I wasn't going on missions. Both these people sitting in my office knew who I was and that I had been born for something more then they could begin to understand. White Rose company needed me to exist, but that didn't mean it needed me to over see every mission it handled. I had a very capable second in command as well as several officers under my second in command who also were very capable.
I stood up and headed for the door, it was time I should have already left for home and if all this meeting was going to be about was trying to get me to head the missions it was over as far as I cared.
“Jason that mission you have on top had better not be one you intend to ask either me or Chris to handle. I have no doubt every other special ops commander has already told you no on it, and I would tell you the same. There isn't a company I know of capable of handling that under the guidelines they are forced to follow. If you think you can pass it off on me, or my husband think again, it would make what I'm supposed to be doing nearly impossible, and if Chris, or June told you yes, I would hang them by their toes,” I said.
“You really have learned to use your magic if you know what's in this folder,” he said.
I glared at him and opened the door holding it to indicate it was time to leave.
“What if I just assign it to one of you?” he asked.
“Try it and find out. If you value your magic you might want to ask June what I'm capable of,” I said.
He paled as he saw the look June gave me. A look that spoke about how much she didn't want to remember what almost happened to her, and how easy it would have been for me to have not released her from the punishment she had earned.
“General, trust me you don't want to get her upset, at least not that upset. I didn't know who she was for sure when I screwed up and feel fortunate that she has such a big heart,” June said.
“I've known who she is for a long time. I even tried forcing her to expose herself before she was ready to do so,” Jason said.
“Then you should be well aware she is capable of things even she isn't aware of,” June said.
“If you two don't mind I would like to go home. I haven't been home on time since White Rose started and my girls are starting to wonder if my mother or sister is their mother since they spend more time with them than they do with me,” I said.
“Sam you and Chris are the only companies that have any chance of pulling off this mission,” Jason said.
“Jason if you can't get any of the other companies to do it then tell those idiots at the pentagon to do it themselves. Just because Rose and White Rose companies seem to be able to do the impossible, neither Chris nor I are foolish enough to risk our men on something as foolish as that. Sending men into that would be signing their death warrants and I care just a little too much about the men serving under me to even consider doing something like that,” I said.
“What about your Roses? They could get in and out unseen,” he said.
“And just how do you think the report on them handling something like this would look? The answer is still no. I won't ask my Roses to do something I won't do myself, and I wouldn't touch that mission for anything. Jason get someone other than Chris or I to take that mission or tell them it's impossible, if you try forcing it on either of us I promise you'll lose both of us, and there'll be no chance of getting either of us to come back,” I said.
“Sam is there any chance of a few words?” June asked.
“Walk me to my car June we can talk on the way,” I said.
Jason walked out of my office and turned for the exit not even slowing. He knew I was serious and I knew he would try anyway. First he would try getting Chris to take the mission, and if Chris said no he would try going around me to June, even knowing that June wouldn't cross me and accept a mission for the company without first getting mine or one of my Roses approval first.
“What is it you need June?” I asked.
“It's about Seaman Bennett. Sam I don't think he's going to work out. I know he's trying, but he just doesn't seem to fit in,” she said.
“Have you tried talking to him? Cody is trying to be something he's not, maybe if he knows all he needs to be is himself it would help him fit in better,” I said.
“He doesn't belong in the military Sam. According to policy he should be discharged on less then honorable conditions. He's a cross dresser,” she said.
“Is he now? When you learned about Captain Waters and White Rose reconnaissance, what did you learn about Captain Waters?” I asked.
“Sam he isn't you,” she said.
“No he isn't me, if he were he could make it so no one would question his gender. Maybe all he needs is to know that all he has to do is be who he is, be it male or female, he'll start fitting in better. June let it be his or her choice, and offer him the help needed so the military doesn't use it against him,” I said.
“You're serious. You really think using our magic in that way will help?” she asked.
“I don't want to lose him since the only communications man I've ever seen better than he is, is now the First Sargent for this company. Curtis won't like that he won't be able to go on missions like he did in the past, but as First Sargent his field time is going to be cut back. We need someone like Cody on the reconnaissance team since they will be the team going in first on most missions,” I said.
“I'll talk to him, but he seems so uncoordinated,” she said.
“June I was his instructor in special forces training. When he gets to know you and knows he can trust you he'll improve quickly. Let him know if he ever has a problem your door is open, and above everything you just want him to be who ever he knows he is,” I said.
“You already know what the problem is don't you?” she asked.
“Yes I do, but you need to find out what it is from him not me,” I said.
I saw her give me a look that said she wasn't sure what I meant, but if having him in the company was that important to me she would try finding a way of helping him with his training.
Jason was still standing there unsure what to say since he didn't really have any idea what we were talking about and knew any argument about getting me to go back in the field was out, because it might prompt me to resign again, and that could mean losing all the men who came back because I agreed to return.
“June, you have all the information necessary to resolve the problem with Cody, all you need to do is accept him for who he is, and let him tell you who he is,” I said.
“So you're saying his problem is he's trying to be who I think he should be?” she asked.
“Not just you June, but as the ranking officer he works with on a regular basis if you're willing to let him know you accept, he'll stop worrying about what the rest of the company might think and start just being himself,” I said.
“Will you come talk to him with me please. Sam there are still a lot of things I don't understand about what is and is not acceptable. I know you don't care much for some of the protocols the military demands, but if what I suspect may be what's going on here...” she started and I stopped listening.
“June think about the stories about my reconnaissance unit you know. Ask Mac about the part that makes it sound like it had to have been someone else and you'll have your answer. If you need help with paperwork, I'll help you figure it out, but I want Cody as part of the company, and if at all possible, part of the recon team,” I said.
I headed into Chris' office pulling the door closed behind me letting both June and Jason know I was done talking about what they wanted. I needed time with my husband, and it was already well past the time we should have called it a day.
Chapter 34
A couple days later June was back in my office asking why I hadn't just told her what Cody's problem had been. She sat down with Cody and insisted on going over whatever was going on making it so hard for him to fit in, after telling him until he was willing to talk to her so she could help he opened up and the improvement in fitting in was extraordinary.
“So June is there anything else, or do you think you can handle it now?” I asked.
“I was hoping you might be willing to check and make sure I got everything taken care of as far as paperwork,” she said.
“I trust you to have made sure all Cody's paperwork is proper and if you aren't sure Jessica should be able to check since I still have a lot of work to do drawing all the clans and covens back together,” I said.
“Jessica's the one who did it for me since I currently don't have access to elemental magic,” she said.
I looked up at her and finally realized she was a vampire now. I had no idea when it happened, but if she didn't have access to her full abilities she wouldn't be able to lead the company for much longer.
I reached out asking her to take my hands so I could help her regain her elemental magic if she wanted.
“I'm not really sure I want it back Sam. It was never really all that strong, and as a vampire, it seems...” she started.
“June, I need you to lead the company to free me up to do what only I can. If you don't have your elemental magic to assist you, I'm not sure you'll be able to get those who are witches to follow your orders,” I said.
“I understand that Sam. I'm just not so sure about this, I guess I'm still a little afraid since I still feel I deserve the banishment you gave me. I know you've forgiven me, I'm not so sure I've forgiven myself,” she said.
“I won't force you, but I do think it's important,” I said.
She reached out taking my hand and we were standing in the hallway in front of a door with her name on it.
“Before we open that door I want you to understand something. I can't go in with you because it would flood the room with the raw source, and that would likely kill you. If you're willing to open the door to your elemental magic and find a way of keeping the door open you might have even greater access to elemental magic than before you became a vampire,” I said.
I opened the door and held it open for her.
“I'm guessing the door that appears closed is elemental magic?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“This is symbolic isn't it?” she asked.
“I believe so, but this is where everyone thus far has found a way of accessing both elemental and blood magic. Right now your access to elemental magic is very limited, but not sealed off completely,” I said.
She walked over to the door and opened it a little and released it as soon as the magic started flooding in. the door swung closed again and the magic dropped so she again had very little.
“I'm afraid. Sam, I misused that magic once and while I know even if this door were removed so it couldn't block my access to the magic, I'm afraid of the magic now, I have been since the day I earned the hell you showed me,” she said.
“Being a witch can be a blessing or a curse. Do you remember the first time we met?” I asked.
“I... it wasn't after you were out of the Air Force was it?” she asked.
“You were a sales person at a car lot in the DC area. I was very lost and confused at the time and all I wanted was to go home so I could rest and regain my strength,” I said.
“You showed yourself to me. I called Kathy and she told me if you were the Rose that you hadn't made it openly know yet and if I said anything. Sam you were only a witch at that time,” she said.
“You knew to call Kathy, you knew she could help me, and that was what was important at the time,” I said.
“I had never been so scared in my life, until the day I betrayed you and our world,” she said.
“My magic wouldn't have let you see who I am that day if you hadn't been worthy. It sure wouldn't have let you remember if you weren't worthy,” I said.
“You were using magic I didn't understand that day, I'm still not sure I understand, and both of us have changed since that day,” she said.
“Yes we have changed. That day you were so sure I existed and something happened that changed your mind. I'm not sure what happened and it really doesn't matter unless it was that you just gave up hope,” I said.
“Hope? I never gave up hope, but after Kathy talked to me about telling anyone you were real it dawned on me you weren't a vampire. It wasn't until I saw you at your wedding I knew for sure and then I was hurt that you didn't trust me enough to allow me access to magic. I was dumbstruck that a single person could have woven a web like the one that blocked everyone from magic. I wanted to apologize for doubting you, but was so scared because as soon as I walked in that room and felt my magic locked away I was sure if you had the chance you would kill me. I thought you knew it was me who sought the challenge,” she said.
“I had no reason to kill anyone, even if I hadn't made it so I was the only one with access to magic I would have been willing to let any who challenged me live, but would have made it understood that in challenging me you would have to be willing to kill me. All that day I knew something was going to happen, but had no clue what. I put that web in place in hopes of preventing our world from being exposed to the mortals that were there, I wasn't worried about the challenge I had been told about it all day, but knew that wasn't the trouble I felt coming,” I said.
“Sam I couldn't have... you had nothing to lose did you?” she asked.
“Can you manage taking care of the company for me so I can do what I need to about bringing peace back into the world?” I asked.
“I... I'll do my best,” she said.
She snapped to attention and gave me a salute that would have brought tears to any commanders eyes, did an about face and pulled my door closed gently on her way out. She still didn't have her witchcraft back, but I had no doubt it wouldn't be long and she would ask if I would be willing to help her regain access to it again.
I needed to find out what she did about Cody and after she was out of sight of my office went looking to see if I could find out.
I knew what room in the barracks each of my men were in and had a good idea just where each of them were at any given time.
“Can I come in Cody?” I asked.
“Ma'am. I... Major Collins said it would be alright,” Cody said.
“Said what would be alright? Cody I was just hoping we could talk like we did when you where going through your special forces training,” I said.
“Ma'am?” Cody asked a look of confusion on her face.
“You don't remember do you?” I asked.
“I'm sorry ma'am, but I don't remember meeting you until I got here with orders that I was being assigned to your company,” Cody said.
“You had an instructor during your training you confided in didn't you?” I asked.
“Yes ma'am, Captain Waters. He understood the problems I was having and was willing to help me learn to adjust,” Cody said.
“Do you know what my maiden name is Cody?” I asked.
“Ma'am?” Cody said puzzled.
“When I got married I took my husbands name, my maiden name is Waters. I left the Air Force shortly after your class graduated the training. They offered me these eagles if I was willing to come back and recreate my White Rose only this time as a company,” I said.
“Then you know... it never occurred to me... ma'am I'm, I knew you understood, but I didn't know why,” Cody said.
“Cody if you want I can help you realize your dream, at least in part. I can let you know what it's really like to be a woman, unfortunately though it won't be permanent, nor can I give you what my youngest sister and I have. We are both fully female, but we were born with all the female equipment, you weren't. So for you to have a female body would take having surgeries, my sister and I didn't need,” I said.
“But you could make me appear female, even when I'm naked?” Cody asked.
“For a while, yes, but only if you're sure it's what you want. I won't change the memories of everyone who has known you as male, to do so would be even beyond my abilities as The Rose of Magic. The change would only be temporary at best and I can't promise how long it would last. I can promise there isn't anyone in this company you'd be working with who will care whether you're male or female, only that you do the job you're here to do,” I said.
“You could change all my uniforms and paperwork though, couldn't you?” Cody asked.
“If you're sure that's what you want, yes, but I would rather teach you to do it,” I said.
He gave me a look of confusion that spoke volumes. Cody didn't see herself as being magical, yet I hadn't met many who were more magical than her.
“Ma'am I'm not a witch,” she said.
“If you say so Cody,” I said.
The look I got was comical, so filled with wonder that I might know more about someone then they knew them-self.
“Cody I understand you're doing much better since you and Major Collins have talked about this,” I said.
“Ma'am she said she talked to you about me not fitting in and you refused to let her transfer me. She wanted to know what it would take for me to relax and just be myself. I remembered how Captain Waters reacted and... ma'am I was afraid if I didn't tell her the truth she might find a way of either getting me transferred or kicked out,” Cody said.
“Learn to use your magic Cody, a magic you seem to think you don't have. You do that and I think most of your problems will dissolve and you'll see just how truly special you are,” I said.
I didn't wait around for Cody to say anything about not having magic again. I knew the symbols of who I am were visible to her and the only way that could be was through either elemental or blood magic.
I needed to start working on bringing the Lotus back into the Rose and knew it was torn apart even worse than the Rose had been. I needed a Rose in the Lotus to help and knew one of those Roses had been my maid of honor, but Min Li wasn't a witch and I didn't know any witches in the Lotus coven. Perhaps if I talked to grandmother she could offer some advice.
“Min Li is grandmother well?” I asked.
“She say you will come soon to seek her wisdom,” Min Li said.
“It's time I start working on healing the Lotus, and I was hoping grandmother could help me since all I know of the Lotus is the clan,” I said.
I was shown into the back room and saw grandmother on an old couch covered with a blanket.
I had no idea just how old grandmother was, but listening to her couldn't help but wonder if she was there at the breaking of the covens and clans. Her wisdom was the wisdom of nature and I needed her guidance.
“Come child let me look on the chosen of magic that I might see the healing of the world,” Grandmother said.
“Grandmother it is time I work at healing the Lotus and make it understood that magic cannot fight among itself any longer,” I said.
“I see the mark of the Lotus on my granddaughter and know that only the fear of your own wisdom stop you. I cannot give wisdom I do not have child. Look in your heart and you will find what you seek,” Grandmother said.
“Is there anything I can to do to bring ease to your days grandmother?” I asked.
“Choose well the one who will be matched with your blossom for there are many who would try to deceive you and bring your work to destruction,” Grandmother said.
I could see that grandmother didn't have the answers I hoped for. She had been persecuted by the witches from the time she was a small girl and though she didn't fear them she didn't trust them either.
She closed her eyes and I knew it was up to me without help from anyone I knew and trusted to start the healing of the Lotus. Grandmother hadn't seemed bothered in seeing the mark of the Lotus on Min Li as the mark of the Rose was on those I had chosen among the Rose magic.
“Min Li there is something I must ask of you, something that will mean greater power and responsibility for you,” I said.
“I hear grandmother say you make me a blossom. I know the stories and know the blossom is second only to the Lotus. I am no worthy of this honor you ask Lotus,” Min Li said.
She was on her knees before me as each of the Roses I had selected and marked had been before her. The knighting process would appear to anyone as though the one being knighted were in worship, but it was something that was needed for those chosen to have all they needed to act in my behalf when I was not able to assist.
Kathy came in as the knighting was finishing and stood there watching not sure what she was witnessing, but knowing whatever it was wasn't what it appeared to be since she knew I would never allow anyone to kneel before me in worship.
“Tell me you didn't have me kneeling before you like that,” Kathy said as Min Li stood again.
“You wear the symbol of the coven leader Kathy, not the symbol of the bud, or blossom of the Rose,” I said.
“That was the knighting ceremony then?” Kathy asked.
“When you first became coven leader, the ceremony you went through involved kneeling before the coven, didn't it?” I asked.
“The symbol of the coven, yes,” she said.
“Yet when I became coven leader I didn't kneel before anyone, or any symbol. Why is that?” I asked.
“Because you are the coven,” Kathy said.
“The coven is people Kathy. Perhaps you could help me with something,” I said.
“Name it. If I can I will,” Kathy said.
“Do you know the Green Oak coven? Like the coven leader, or even just one of the coven members?” I asked.
“It isn't just the Green Oak you want to meet with is it?” she asked.
“No, not really, and I would rather not have to meet with them one at a time. I named the Green Oak simply because they are the closest to us and the last to break away from the Rose,” I said.
“I can arrange a meeting, if you can tell me when you want it,” she said.
“Whenever is convenient for you and them. Kathy this first meeting is for the covens to come together and learn that the Rose is real. I hope they will all be willing to at least meet and talk over the issues that are keeping them divided, before I step in and have to demand they do so. I don't want to have to make demands on anyone since it would be so much easier if they're willing to accept the stories they know of me are simply stories, though the foundation of the stories do all tell what my purpose is. If you want I can have a copy of the original stories available that you can give each of them,” I said.
“There are no copies of the original stories, Sam,” she said.
“Really? Do you really think I would have said I could make it available if I couldn't? Kathy, you know better than anyone who I am and what my limits are. This meeting is important because those seeking our destruction aren't waiting around bickering over the differences in the beliefs. They are gathering any and all who might be willing to listen to them, so they can destroy us,” I said.
“Sam I can't promise to get them all there if you aren't willing to be there,” she said.
“Do your best, that's all I ever ask anyone,” I said.
I looked over at Min Li and saw she knew it was time to go, that the Lotus needed her to help guide them back to where they needed to be.
“How long will you be gone?” Kathy asked.
“I don't know Kathy. I still need to find Min Li's elemental sister, and I won't be back until that's done,” I said.
Min Li stepped over to me and before Kathy could say anything more we were gone. Min Li knew where the vampires were, but only had an idea of where the witches might be. Since what we needed was a witch to complete the team I stayed away from the vampires and sought out only elemental magic.
I could have taken us into the middle of the coven once I found it, but didn't want to have the problems that would have brought about.
“Min Li the coven is over in that direction, as yet they don't know we are here, and I want them to not know I am here for some time yet. I need to know just how lost in hate they are and that means letting them think you come to them alone until they believe you are able to destroy them if you wish,” I said.
“You are the Lotus, I am only a blossom. The Lotus need no explain to the blossom, for the blossom is dependent on the Lotus for life,” Min Li said.
I dropped the shield hiding Min Li from the witches and we started walking toward the coven. I knew the instant the witches became aware of Min Li and felt their magic come to life. Since at this point the magic was defensive only I didn't take any action against it, but as we got closer I felt the magic change and stopped letting Min Li know we were close enough.
“I am Min Li of the White Lotus clan. I wish to speak with Li Yong coven leader of the White Lotus coven,” Min Li said.
“Who told you that Li Yong is coven leader? The vampires know nothing of the coven,” one of the witches yelled.
“I am Min Li chosen of the Lotus and I am here to know if the coven still follows the way of the Lotus. It is the Lotus that tells me Li Yong is the coven leader,” Min Li said.
One of the witches came out, with fear blazing in her eyes holding her magic which was considerable ready to cast at any moment.
“I am Li Yong. I can see the mark of the blossom on you but I cannot believe the Lotus would send a child of the vampires alone into the coven of the witches,” Li Yong said.
“I have the blessing of the Lotus with me, what more do I need?” Min Li asked.
I felt her cast and unraveled her spell before it left her hands. The look of fear increased causing her to stumble and fall.
Min Li held out her hand offering to give her support in getting back up. Li Yong just looked up and the veil hiding me was gone from her eyes. The mark of both the witch and the vampire blazed on my cheeks and rather than rising she fell to her knees as though in worship.
“Li Yong the war between the vampires and the witches needs to end. The Lotus needs to become whole. From this day the magic of the witches will not work against the vampires, nor will the magic of the vampires work against the witches. I am the Lotus, in me, the magic is complete. I am the first born of element and blood. I am the Lotus,” I said.
“Mistress I did not know, I am not worthy of this honor,” Li Yong said.
“Take your sisters hand Li Yong. Take her hand and see the completion of the stories you have heard from the time of your birth,” I said.
Li Yong reached out taking Min Li's hand and we stood in the hallway of magic.
“What is this place Mistress?” Li Yong asked.
“I am the first born of magic. Where I draw from is not safe for you to enter, but here you may enter and learn all the magic that I was born to. Here you can learn the magic of your sister and help her learn your magic.” I motioned to the doors and they saw the door with their name on it. “I cannot enter into your rooms with you for my magic comes from the source unfiltered, you have both been selected as my blossoms to the Lotus, and need the fullness of magic to administer to the people of the Lotus for me. You need to learn to work as one, even as I am one.”
They both opened the doors that had their names on them, and recognized the magic that came forth. “You see that only one door is open to the magic and to have the fullness of magic you must find a way of opening both doors,” I said.
“Mistress I do not understand,” Min Li said looking in the room that was her magic. “Both doors stand open now and I do not enter to open them,” she said.
I looked in her room and saw that indeed both doors were open though only the blood magic door stood wide. I looked through the door for Li Yong and both doors were open but opposite that of Min Li.
I touched the cheek of each and felt the knowledge of each flow through me to each other that they knew the magic of the other. “This magic you have is great indeed my blossoms, but there is a magic even greater. A magic that binds all living things making them one with each other. Min Li even before I was bitten you loved me even knowing I did not understand the blood magic. Li Yong all your life you loved the Lotus hoping one day to serve even forgoing the destruction of those called your enemy, that life be not wasted in hate. The greatest magic of all is Love and it is a magic all men can draw directly from the source as I draw on elemental and blood magic, for the source of Love is in all living things,” I said.
“Mistress I do not understand,” Li Yong said.
“I ask only that your judgment be tempered in love. If ever you need me call and I will be here if I can, but as my blossoms you represent me to the Lotus. Each of you bare the mark of my chosen, and can therefore judge the people, but the judgment should always be made in love. Love is the greatest of all magic because it gives without reason, always allowing a way of forgiveness,” I said.
“You will help us to understand this that you ask of us?” Min Li asked.
“I will stand with you before the coven and the clan I will stand with to let them know I am in the world and have chosen you to help in the gathering of the people back into one clan and one coven. I will share what I can with you. There is a meeting of the covens where I am from and I ask that you join me in that meeting that you might better understand,” I said.
I didn't wait for an acknowledgement from them, but transported myself them and my Roses to the location of the meeting.
“Katherine we were hoping this person you said ask for this meeting would be here. You claim the White Rose has shown herself and that she is the fulfillment of even our stories, yet how can we believe unless we see for ourselves?” a witch called out.
“You would question the sister of the Rose of Magic? Is not the fulfillment of your stories known as the first born of element and blood? Isn't she who draws from the source of all magic the ruler of all magic?” I asked, walking into the meeting. “I stand before you to show the signs of who I am, to call you back into the first coven, to serve the magic as it was meant from the beginning.”
I didn't give Kathy a chance to answer as I walked in with my Roses and Lotus Blossoms.
Each of the witches sitting there looked at me and those I brought with me.
“This is a meeting for witches not vampires,” one of them challenged.
“The magic of old was shared between the witches and vampires. Each of the magical folk had a place in the world and it will again since I am the Rose of Magic. To the White Rose I am the White Rose, to the Green Oak, I am the Green Oak, and so it is with each coven. You call my Roses vampires and unworthy to be at this meeting yet there are only two witches at this meeting stronger in elemental magic than any of those who are my chosen, and one of them is also my chosen and knows her strength in elemental magic is as nothing compared to my own,” I said.
I wove the same spell I had woven the night of my wedding only now I knew how to leave out those I chose from having their magic blocked. As I cast I saw Kathy's eyes grow big and when her magic wasn't blocked she signed in relief.
“I know many of you are wondering what just happened, so I will tell you, unless my sister would rather.” I gave Kathy a chance and wasn't a bit disappointed.
“I believe my sister has learned more about her magic than I could have ever dreamed possible. The last time she wove this spell she cut off all magic but her own, and it seems I still have my magic and wouldn't doubt those who came with her still have their magic, while the rest of you are cut off from your magic until you leave here or she is willing to let the spell unravel,” Kathy said.
Each of them reached for their magic and looked stricken when it wouldn't respond to the call.
“You have a coven working to block our magic,” one of them said.
“No single witch can command enough of the source to weave a spell like this,” another added.
I moved the group to the meadow where my wedding had been and cast the sign of my Rose into the sky incorporating each of their symbols so they could each see I was the one talked of in their stories.
“I am the first born of element and blood. I draw from the source of all magic unfiltered. There are none who can block me from my magic for there is nothing between me and the source. I am the Rose of Magic,” I said.
Each of the witches gathered looked at the symbol I had cast and fell to their knees.
“Forgive us Mistress the stories are so old and we thought them only children's fables,” one of the older witches said.
“Rise off of your knees, I am not a god to be worshiped, but am no better than the lowest of the covens. The magic has called me forth to draw the coven back together for the safety of all who are given the gift of magic, both elemental and blood. From this day forth the magic of the witch will not be hidden from the vampire nor shall the magic of the vampire be hidden from the witch. Each creature of magic will be known as a member of the Rose, and will answer to the call if need arise,” I said.
I changed the symbol I had cast removing all but my Rose and felt it descend on each of those gathered washing away the symbol they had worn and replacing it with my Rose.
“I ask each of you to continue leading those who were of the old covens as you have done, but to let them know that they are now of one coven and each witch or vampire is their brother, there is one coven and one clan,” I said.
They stood looking around and seeing they all now wore the same symbol.
“Mistress you said this is for our safety, but what is there that can jeopardize the world of magic? What do we have to fear?” the oldest of the witches asked.
I showed what happened the night of my first Halloween as a vampire and saw them all blanch at the thought of what religion had done.
“What you saw was brought about through the religions of mortals. They have lost the magic that all share and can access from the source without filters. Their religions teach love yet practice hate. It is the work of the elements and the blood to teach Love as the greatest magic of all, for only through Love, can mortal and magical, live together in harmony,” I said.
“The mortal world is our enemy,” one of them called out.
“Why? Why do they have to be our enemy? Aren't their religions based on what they know of our world? In their religions don't they teach of someone like me much as the stories that have been passed down from generation to generation in our world? How many of your brothers and sisters have loved someone from the mortal world? You Ellen, isn't your husband a mortal? Erica, if I'm not mistaken your brother-in-law is a mortal as is one of your sister-in-laws. So if this is possible why does the mortal world have to be our enemy? The mortals are capable of Love just as are all living things. Wouldn't it be better to show love than hate? Wouldn't it be better to love those who don't understand then look down on them with contempt?” I asked.
“Your words are sound Mistress, but what you are asking is not something that will be easy. The mortals fear us because they do not understand,” someone said.
“If you are expecting me to take us into a world of our own where mortals cannot come, then you do not understand the stories about me. I am here to bring balance back to magic. The balance in magic can only be accomplished through love and understanding. Without Love there is no balance, and even mortals can access Love from the source,” I said.
“You speak of love as though it is a magic without limits,” someone said.
“And what are the limits of Love Jessica? Is love only something given to those who love in return? My Roses have the ability to judge, but with each they have been charged to temper their judgment in Love. I would rather face my enemy in Love than face them in hate. You all saw what happened the first Halloween after I was awoken to the fullness of my magic. Those who were my enemy sought to harm children, yet I offered them a way out of the judgment that was my right to make. There were those gathered that night who did not deserve judgment, but the hate that was given was so great they were swept away in its wake. I was knew to the fullness of my magic, and didn't understand how to sort out those who lived so fully in hate that love had no part in them any longer. It is through the magic of the vampires that a persons Love can be known fully. For the blood is the life and the measure of love. Watch and learn. See the power of the magic that is available through love,” I cast and the night of my wedding was shown.
I felt the rage that burned in those whose hate was so great. The judgment I made went out and consumed so many that were there that night and while my magic sought out those who no longer understood Love in even its simplest form were consumed by my magic they saw me standing before June condemning her to a life that wasn't life.
“The witch you condemned, she is still in that room?” one of them asked.
“She is now second in command of my special forces company, White Rose. She again has her magic and more. She is married to my best friend, the protector of the Rose. Her transgression against the people of the Rose has been forgiven,” I said.
“But she betrayed all magic. Surely she knew who you were and that you could condemn her as you did,” one of them said.
“Like many of you she didn't want to believe I could be who I am. When her and I first met I was a witch only and when the White Rose coven had been given to me she knew I was a vampire. Yes, it is true I am a vampire but you are all familiar with the magic I've used here, and know it to be elemental.” I let my fangs show ever so slightly so they knew without doubt I was indeed a vampire.
“That's not possible a witch loses her magic when bitten by a vampire. The magics are diametrically opposed to each other,” one of them said.
“Interesting that you would say that since each set of my Roses have both magics available to them and have learned to use them together in fulfilling their duty to the people of the Rose.” The vampire of each set let their fangs show.
“Mistress if we might,” Liz and Debra stepped forward.
“I've seen the power of the blood magic. The night of Halloween my infant daughter was injured and might have died if not for the blood magic. My sister here and I were first chosen of the Roses, I was the witch to my sisters vampire. Now we are both able to use blood and elemental magic, and our abilities are greater than before. The magics are not opposed to each other, but true compliments of each other,” Debra said.
Debra spun the Rose that was hers and Liz's to share in witchcraft, while Liz spun the Rose of blood overlapping the two so they came from a single stem. Their Roses were soon added to by Stephanie and Jessica. With Min Li and Li Yong adding their Lotus blossoms and me adding my Rose to the top, incorporating all of their Roses and blossoms together.
Everyone there noticed that there was still much missing from my Rose and the Roses of my chosen and wondered just what it was that was missing.
“I have other Roses who are not marked and wish to include each of you in that number. Each of you know your coven and the witches numbered there. While I am the Rose of Magic I cannot possibly lead all the covens and therefore ask each of you to continue just as Katherine has agreed to do. I ask each of you to share with the members of your covens and let them know the stories of the Rose are true in that I am the first born of element and blood, let them know the first coven has been re-established and they are called from this day forth Roses of element, just as were the first of element,” I said.
“So you aren't asking us to abdicate our covens to your rule?” one of them asked.
“I am asking you as the leaders of your covens to become the first coven, to come together regularly and bring all the witches into a single symbol. I know you are not familiar with military rules and though I am I do not follow closely military protocol, except in times of war. A war is coming and if we cannot stand together we will die apart, I was called forth to bring balance to magic,” I said.
“Would we need your approval on changes, or would we need only approval of the council gathered here?” one them asked.
“Any changes that can be accepted by a two thirds majority of the leaders of all member covens can be implemented without my approval. Changes that cannot be accepted by at least two thirds of the ruling council will need to come to me before implementation in any of the covens in the council. The only thing I ask is that the council act to the mutual benefit of all witches, that Love temper each decision, the priority is to bring all magic back together both blood and elemental. In the White Rose the clan and the coven work together again for the betterment of all people magical and mortal. That is my hope for all covens and all clans,” I said.
“Katherine is that true your coven works with the vampire clans of the White Rose?” someone asked.
“The White Rose clan leader is my brother-in-law, while it is still difficult at times, the coven and the clan do work together for the protection of all. We also have several witches that had been bitten and again have the use of their elemental magic back, they are the witches that work closest with the vampires,” Kathy said.
“That's not possible! A witch that has been bitten loses access to the elements,” one of them yelled. “It is impossible to regain use of the elements once you have been bitten.”
“ENOUGH! I am the Rose of Magic! All my life I denied magic as real even while using magic, both blood and elemental. It wasn't until I was bitten by my husband that I accepted that magic is real, and I can assure you that even working together you can not match the elemental magic available to me. You have the use of your magic now, but I do promise any of you who draw on that magic to see if what I am saying is true will lose your magic until such time as you go back through training, and even then your magic will not be what it is now,” I said.
Several of them gathered their magic into a weave in an attempt to block me and I sliced access to magic so quickly they all gasped in shock.
“You all know the symbol I have cast and you would think to challenge me. Who, but the Rose of Magic could cast such a symbol? Elemental and blood magic must join together again or the only way to save our people is to go where there is no doubt of who I am. The magic of the vampires will not hide them from the witches and the magic of the witches will cause no harm to the vampire. If the world of magic cannot find peace amongst itself how can it lead the mortals into a world where war is foreign? Set aside your hate and let Love find a home in your heart,” I said.
“You don't understand. The coven leader before me was bitten and in turn changed many of our sisters into vampires as well,” one of them yelled.
“It is said among the witches that blood magic is the magic of death. If it is the magic of death why is it your sister still lives? Her elemental magic is closed to her for now, but she still has life, and her blood magic can now only work on a witch willing to allow it to work. Send her to me and I will help her to regain her elemental magic, and she can be of great help in bringing the elements and blood together again in harmony. Just as elemental magic is life, so to is blood magic. It is the person who makes magic either for life or for death,” I said.
I saw the image of the person who had been coven Mistress and bitten and had her standing before me with just a thought.
She looked around and saw she was in a gathering of witches and her blood lust hit her as she let her blood magic fill her, and I cut off her source to blood magic.
“You would think to harm those under the protection of the Mistress of vampires, the first born of blood and of element?” I asked.
She fell at my feet and begged my forgiveness. “Please Mistress I seek your wisdom,” she said.
I took her into the hall of magic and showed her the door to her magic and offered to allow her back her witchcraft if she would set aside her hunger for blood and learn the ways of Love.
“I do not know this magic you speak of Mistress. I did not choose to be a creature of blood, but my birthright is hidden from me,” she said.
“Blood magic is life as surely as are the elements, yet you have chosen to show death only through the blood. You were one of the greatest among the elements and forsaken your birthright for death, even destroying those you once swore to protect,” I said.
“I didn't kill with the bite Mistress,” she said.
“Did you give life? Did you allow your sisters the chance of life as they knew it? Did you seek to bring peace between the witch and the vampire?” I asked.
“Please Mistress forgive me,” she said.
“You know this door and what lays beyond?” I asked.
“I can feel the call of the magic beyond the door,” she said.
“I cannot accompany you beyond this door. For me to enter that room with would draw the raw source of the magic into the room and it would kill you, but I can allow you to enter the room and seek again your birthright if you choose,” I said.
She opened the door and saw the two doors beyond one open wide the other closed tight.
“What are the doors, Mistress?” she asked.
“You tell me, you've known about magic longer than I am old,” I said.
She stepped in the room and felt the fullness of the blood magic she had access to and realized it was nothing compared to the magic she felt coming from me. She walked to the door that was closed and gave it a pull and felt the magic that had been her birthright come through the small crack before the door pulled shut again.
“If you want your birthright back it is up to you to open that door. For me to inter that room would flood the room with the magic that is mine, and since my access to magic is unfiltered and drawn directly from the source it will likely tear you apart,” I said.
She pulled on the closed door again this time holding it so she could move herself in the way of it closing again. The elemental magic flooded in washing over her and with ease she tied a thread of magic to the door forcing it open even wider. She tied another thread of magic to the door and it started to dissolve allowing even more elemental magic in. before long both doors were gone dissolved in a mixture of both elemental and blood magic.
We were again standing before the witches council and I asked if there was a witch willing to assist her in regaining the use of her lost elemental magic.
“I don't understand Mistress, I can feel it flowing through me but it doesn't answer my call as it did before,” the restored witch said.
“It is no longer your heritage, but can again become your birthright through training.”
“But it answered in that room,” she said.
“In that room all you once were you were again. All you can be you were already. In that room your magic knew what to do, but here your magic will not work through you as it did in that room, and you must learn again the magic,” I said.
She reached out and wove a beginner spell so all the witches could see and those who knew her could see it was her who wove the magic.
“You truly are the Rose of Magic told of in the stories. My queen command us and we will follow, several of them said in unison.
“I am not here to destroy the covens, but to call them together into one coven. Each of you here are the leaders of your covens, and I ask only that you follow the way of the Rose. Temper your judgments in Love. Reject the teachings that only elemental magic is the magic of life for it is through the blood of life the vampire exists. All magic is life or death and it is the person who chooses to use the magic for life or death. Always allow your enemy a chance at life, but be prepared always to fight to the death if your enemy will not accept your offer of life,” I said.
I turned to Kathy and saw she knew what I expected and marked her as my Rose over the covens. Before anyone could say anything my Roses and I were gone with Kathy as my direct representative.
Chapter 35
I still needed to talk to the White Lotus vampires and let them know who I was. I hoped Min Li would be able to talk to her brother and set a foundation, so when I was able, I wouldn't have to go through showing myself in the way I had with each new group of magical folk thus far, but I didn't hold out a lot of hope.
It seemed the division was so wide between what had been when the world was new and what it was today. With each passing generation the gulf became greater and I was supposed to bridge the gap if at all possible.
“Min Li, Li Yong, I wish I could go back with you now, but it isn't possible. If it would help you are free to take Liz and Debra to help, though I doubt they would be able to do much since they don't know the language,” I said.
“Lotus we will set the foundation so when you are able it will be ready. Together we are able to stand against the strongest of the casting covens and we know if there are problems we cannot handle you will come if we call,” Li Yong said.
In being selected as my Rose their abilities hadn't changed unless they worked together, and then their abilities were almost equal to mine. Would they really be able to set the foundation for me. I knew their culture was steeped in tradition, and I was the foundation for their oldest traditions, but from what I had seen the division between witch and vampire was even greater than here.
“Min Li I think grandmother would like to see her home one more time before she goes to the next life. I'm sure your sister wouldn't mind helping,” I said.
I knew grandmother wanted to see me bring her Lotus back from the edge it found itself walking since the war, but I wasn't sure I would be able in what time she had left in this life. There was still so much left to restore the Rose to its former glory and the Lotus was in as much danger if not more. The Lotus and the Rose needed something I wasn't sure I could give. They both needed me able and willing to set aside everything I had in life to let them know they hadn't been forgotten by the magic they cherished. I was the magic, but I was also a mother and wife and while the Rose and Lotus needed me I needed the love of my family, and knew they needed a love only I could give, a love different from the love the Rose and Lotus needed, the love of a mother and wife.
“Li Yong watch over Min Li and grandmother for me. Watch for others among the Lotus who know how to love and let them give help. As I blessed you bless them also that the Lotus might grow and again bloom. Min Li will give help as she is able and she has known me a long time. I know you love her as a sister and that is good, with her you can do most anything I can do. With her your strength as a witch is multiplied as is her strength as a vampire with your help. You are marked as my chosen and the work you do will show the Lotus who I am. Temper all your work in love, for my sake,” I said.
I gave Li Yong and Min Li a hug and we were standing in the nail shop next to the couch grandmother used as a bed.
“Grandmother I know your heart is for the Lotus always and if you see your granddaughter, Min Li is one of the chosen of the Lotus. I've asked her to help you see your home land again,” I said.
“The Lotus is in full bloom and I am granted a gift greater than I am worthy. Do not hold yourself from your people Lotus for the work you have is on an edge and the Blossoms of the Lotus cannot do all that is needed,” Grandmother said.
I didn't wait for Li Yong to do the spell to take grandmother Min Li and herself back to the home of their ancestors. With a simple thought we were all in the camp of the Lotus vampires and I cast the symbol of the Lotus so any of magic could see.
Chow Lin was the first to notice us standing in the midst of the camp and on seeing Li Yong let his fangs show menacingly.
“You would dare threaten the chosen of the Lotus Chow Lin?” I asked.
He looked at me and retracted his teeth as I let mine show, and bringing the mark of the Lotus where it was unmistakably visible over the mark of the Rose.
“Mistress I did not know it was possible,” Chow Lin said.
“Just as you did not know all the members of your family were safe and unharmed the day your home was bombed?” I asked.
“How can you know about that day Mistress?” he asked.
“Because I was there that day Chow Lin. I was the one who ordered the men to go in and bring out all they could find in the house. I was the one grandmother called the sister of the Lotus, and the Blossom when you were safe in the camp. The men who saved them answered to me,” I said.
“That cannot be. Captain Waters was not a woman, or a vampire,” he said.
“Yet my blood magic even then was such that you dared not challenge me. I was hidden away from both the world and myself until the time was right for me to make myself known to the world. I have a great task for you Chow Lin. I know that you love the Lotus and have looked after her people since the time your sister and grandmother left for America. I need a leader of the Lotus vampires who understands the love of the Lotus and will temper their judgments in that love. I have chosen a Blossom of the Lotus vampires and wish to choose yet another for there is still much work I have to do among the people of the Rose and am not able to be here to help the Lotus again become balanced so that element and blood are not fighting amongst themselves. To hold this honor I offer would mean blood working hand in hand with element. To accept this honor would mean knowing the greatest magic of all and allowing it to rule your life in all things,” I said.
“I am unworthy of such knowledge, Mistress,” Chow Lin said.
“Everyone is worthy of such knowledge Chow Lin. It is a knowledge that grandmother taught you from the time you were first born into this life, the knowledge that allowed what you thought lost to be found. The greatest magic of all is the magic that kept a young boy from leaving behind an old woman at the risk of his own life,” I said.
Grandmother looked at me and smiled hoping she might witness the choosing of a Blossom.
Chow Lin knelt before me and bowed his head in submission, he knew the magic I talked of and finally understood how it was magic. He hadn't known we were there and ready to draw the fire of the enemy away from him and grandmother as they ran across the field that day hoping only to make it to the trees and a chance of escape from certain death. As he knelt there another Lotus witch appeared kneeling beside him.
“As your sisters are sisters of the Lotus so to are you now brothers of the Lotus chosen as protectors and judges of the people of the Lotus. Step through the veil and receive the fullness of the chosen of the Lotus that neither blood nor element may hide from you. Temper your judgment always in love and your judgment will always stand as though I had made the judgment,” I said.
They both stood with me in the hall of magic the doors they accessed their magic behind them.
“Through those doors is your access to the source of blood and element. To complete your selection as the chosen of the Lotus you must find a way of joining blood and element together just as they are joined in me. Only being able to use both the blood and the elements together can you accomplish what is asked of the chosen of the Lotus,” I said.
They both turned seeing each other for the first time, and knowing there was nothing either of them could do as long as I was there. 
“I am offering you both a chance of being more than either of you can hope to be alone. Would you allow the mistrust of generations to steal what you could be through mutual trust and friendship? You were chosen because you each showed to me a kindness that others of the Lotus didn't. You accepted me when the Lotus didn't know me. You've each chosen love over hate many times when hate could have easily given you a reward of greater standing in the clan or the coven. What I am offering you is the chance of standing with your sisters as the heads of the clan and coven of the Lotus,” I said.
They each opened the doors leading to their magic and saw that inside were two doors one open fully and one closed almost tight.
Min Li and Li Yong were now standing with us and smiling as they looked at their brothers hoping they might understand the gift I offered was one that would give them access to a magic none before me had ever known.
“What the Lotus asks is not a hard thing brother, but it is a thing no one can do for you. To become a Blossom of the Lotus you must find a way of allowing the magic of blood and element to fill you and to do that means both doors must be open, your brother Blossom can help you to learn the magic that you do not know and in this the magic of love will grow tempering both the magic of blood and of element. Love will bind them making them greater than either by themselves,” Min Li and Li Yong said together.
They each stepped in the rooms and walked over to the open doors hoping to feel the familiar flow of magic they had each known from birth.
“Until you have accepted or rejected the offer I've made your magic is denied you. Cut from you at the source. Through the only magic I cannot deprive you can you hope to become all that is possible. Find in yourselves a way of opening and keeping open the doors to element and blood and the magic of both will be yours for as long as you live. Temper that magic in love and kindness and you will never see the wrath of the Lotus directed toward you, but will know the blessing of the Lotus all the days of your lives,” I said.
Each of them tore the open door from the hinges before turning their attention to the other doors that would give them access to a magic they were not familiar with. Chow Lin pulled the door to elemental magic open and felt it flood the room and gasped as he recognized its feel. He never let go of the door instead grabbing it as he had done the door to blood magic and tore it from its hinges splintering it as it tore loose. As the noise of Chow Lin's door breaking apart lessened Lin Chow did the same with the door to blood magic in the room from which he accessed his magic. Each man was now reverse of what they had been Lin Chow having full access to blood magic and Chow Lin access to elemental magic. As they each joined their sisters in the hall we were back among the vampires of the Lotus and the barrier blocking their birthright magic was removed.
“I wish I could stay and help but for now it is important I return to my home. Choose among the witches and vampires those who can understand and set them as leaders of the witches and vampires of the Lotus. In each of you the magic of the Lotus is complete, and each of you can feel the balance of blood and element, as long as I live blood magic will not work on those whose birthright is element, nor will the magic of element work on those whose birthright is blood. Learn the magic that all may draw from the source and share it always with the People of the Lotus for all people are of worth,” I said.
“Sister what of those who have no magic?” Li Yong asked.
“All people have magic for without the magic of love there is no life. I know this is not what you meant, but it is through the magic of love that we will survive among the mortals. The mortals out number us in the magical world enough that even with all the magic at my call I could not stop them. Become their friends help them to know love and to know the magic of love is the strongest of all magics,” I said.
I needed to talk to the witches counsel and introduce my Blossoms to them and let them know that only one vampire now had the ability to use their magic against them and that their magic could no longer be used against the vampires of the Lotus. The Lotus was in full bloom and the people of magic would either learn to work together or be stripped of their magic.
“Sister I can see it is important that you go, but it is important the people of the Lotus meet you and know that it is by your magic we are given judgment over them,” Li Yong said.
“Li Yong it is important that you stay here until I call for you. I will be going next to the witches of the Lotus and when I am ready will call my Lotus Blossoms to let even the witches know what I have shared with the vampires of the Lotus,” I said.
I didn't wait for an acknowledgement and did see fear in her eyes at the thought of being among so many vampires without me being there to insure her safety.
“Li Yong do not worry the vampires will not make threat against you because you are marked by the most powerful of all vampires. For a vampire to threaten you now would alert the Lotus Flower and call down judgment on the vampire. It is a mark that any vampire can see and feel,” Min Li said.
I didn't worry about whether the witches would accept me, it really didn't matter to me whether or not they liked me popping in. I was the strongest witch to have been born in thousands of years and had the ability of blocking them from the source entirely if need be.
I hid my elemental magic away so all they could see would be my blood magic if they were able to see even that.
“Who are you to come here, vampire?” a witch said.
“Who are you to question the queen of the vampires? Do you think I fear witches simply because I am a vampire?” I asked.
I looked around at the witches there and noticed they were having some kind of gathering. I reached out to feel the strength of each witch and found none of them could match the strength of any of my Roses, though there were a couple that were close. I left those who were strongest in the craft with access to their magic while shutting off all the others from the source.
“The Lotus is in bloom and is now one people. I am the Lotus and you will find that only those with the greatest access to the source still can work magic. The block in place is temporary and after I have said what I have to say will be removed. I left those who are strongest with access to the source if any here felt need to challenge me, so all could see that your strength is as nothing to me. Any who challenge me and lose will again need to enter training to regaining their magic,” I said.
“Only one it is said can draw the magic from the source unfiltered,” someone said.
“I am that one. All my life I have lived with the unfiltered source of all magic, both elemental and blood. Are there any who would challenge me?” I asked.
“We know you arrived here by way of the elements, but we can see also that you are vampire. If you are the one how is it you hide away the magic that all here have come to know?”one of those gathered asked.
“I am the Lotus. The first born of element and of blood. In me the magic is in perfect balance. By my will the witch cannot bring harm to the vampire, nor can the vampire bring harm to the witch. I am the first born of blood and of element, I am the Lotus,” I said.
I let the blocks hiding away my elemental magic go and watched as they each felt the strength of the elements flowing through me.
“Mistress gathered here are the leaders of the Lotus covens. We had heard rumor that the Lotus was in bloom and hoped only that the Lotus be found worthy to be counted with the Rose,” one of the oldest gathered said.
“I have set apart Lotus Blossoms to watch over the Lotus when I cannot be here as this is not my home. Each Blossom has the blood and the element and are charged of me to judge in love, the greatest of all magics,” I said.
“You ask us to believe there is a magic we do not know?” someone asked.
“If you do not know the magic of love you are lost indeed. Love is the magic of all life. It is the magic that gives life to all living creatures,” I said.
“Love is no magic,” someone scoffed from among a crowd of those gathered.
“Love is indeed magic, a magic if protected gives life if abused destroys life. During the war I was here and feared by all the commanders of the forces who stood against me for they could not find a way of defeating me. Many there were on both sides who sought only the total destruction of all who opposed them yet I did not seek the destruction of those who called me their enemy. I sought only the safety of those who I had been charged with protecting. If those who called me enemy allowed me freedom to return those under my care to safety I did not bring death to them. If they sought only death and destruction against me I killed without regard those who gave the orders rather than those following the orders,” I said.
“You are the one called the White Rose by the Americans,” someone said.
I cast the symbol of who I am and saw all of those gathered fall to their knees starting with the oldest.
“Forgive us Mistress I knew this sign during the war and saw it twice at that time. I did not want to believe it was true. I did not want to believe I would ever see the day when the Rose of Magic would stand before me telling me there is a magic even greater than the magic of elements and blood,” a very old woman said.
“I am the Rose of Magic it was by my hand the symbol of the Rose was shown twice during the war. The time is now that the first coven and the first clan were called back together. I am the Rose, I am the Lotus. I tell you there is one magic that is equal to any who call on it and that magic is the magic of life. A magic that all can draw directly from the source just as I draw on the elements and the blood,” I said.
“How will we know your Blossoms Mistress?” one of them asked.
“Any who bear the mark of their magic as I do are called by me to judge in my place. They are to receive the same respect you would show toward me and have access to all that is mine. If you do not agree with their judgment you have the right to petition me for only I can over rule their judgment,” I said.
I called my Roses who would be watching over the Lotus for me and had them standing with me as my final words of being the only one able to over ride their judgment trailed off.
“Mistress they are vampires. You cannot expect us who are witches to accept the judgment of vampires,” someone said.
“Li Yong and Lin Chow are neither of them vampires though they do have access to both element and blood. Min Li and Chow Lin are both vampires and have access to both magics. These four were chosen not because of their abilities as either witch or vampire, but because they all understand the greatest of magics and have agreed to judge always in love. To challenge them is to challenge me, for I have chosen them,” I said.
“How can they have both magics? It is said only she who was born of element and blood will command the magic of both witch and vampire,” someone said.
“A way has been found that those born of both blood and element can regain the use of both. The way is not easy and if you are hoping to gain the use of the magic that is not your birthright you will lose your birthright and take on the nature of the magic you chose. I will teach only those chosen as Blossoms to access all the magics of the world,” I said.
“So you would place these four children above us?” someone said.
“Above you no! Among you yes! I have chosen these four and in time there will be others besides, but for now I must return to my children,” I said.
I didn't wait for anymore questions. I needed to return home and these witches didn't need to know that it was for anything other than my children I needed to leave.
Chapter 36
So many things still to do and still at least one more battle before there would be any chance of peace. I sat in my office on base looking at the folders wondering just what I was supposed to do now that I had gathered all the covens and clans together again.
“Ma'am the General wants to talk to you,” my clerk said over the intercom.
“Sargent unless the General is standing there at your desk, tell him I'm out and you have no idea just when I'll be back. If however he is standing there I guess you might as well show him and anyone else he has with him in,” I said.
There was a knock at the door just before it opened and Jason walked in with a couple other Generals I didn't know.
I didn't bother to stand when they entered since I had no intention of surrendering my chair to them and sat there pretending to be busy looking at the papers on the desk while they all found seats.
“You aren't much for decorum are you Colonel?” one of them asked.
“Is there a reason I should be General? I'm sure there are some who if they have a star or two on the shoulders think they own the world and even they don't get what they expect from me,” I said.
“We were told you were somewhat of a maverick,” another of the Generals said.
“I'm sure you aren't here just to socialize, so why don't we cut the small talk and get down to why you're here,” I said.
“Alright Colonel, let's talk about why we're here. I'm sure you know we're all with the Joint Chiefs and have the power to order you and your men to take assignments. Thus, far we have refrained from doing so, because General Talbot said to do otherwise would mean you would retire and we'd never be able to get you to come back again,” the highest ranking among the Generals said.
I sat there looking at the different men sitting across from me and wondered just how much combat experience they had.
“If this is about the mission Jason tried to pawn off on me a week ago, my decision hasn't changed. That mission is just as toxic now as it was when Jason tried getting me to take it then,” I said.
“I'm sorry Colonel, but from what General Talbot said you never even looked at the mission,” the highest ranking General said.
I looked at each of the men closer and noticed a couple of them were fairy and so spoke with them mind to mind.
“I know you understand just who I am and what I'm capable of doing. You should both be kneeling at my feet begging my mercy, but I'm sure you understand how little mercy I would show any who did such. I therefore suggest you let your fellows know just how little patience I have for those who think to try forcing me into anything,” I said.
“Rick I suggest you stop now. If the Colonel said the mission is toxic I'm sure she has her reasons and is well aware of what the mission is,” another General said.
“Grant you can't be serious,” the first General said.
“I'm completely serious. Colonel Jacobs is more than anyone knows and is more than capable of knowing what that mission entails just from a rough outline of the mission,” the one called Grant said.
“So if we can't get White Rose or Rose companies who can we get?” the first one said.
“No one if they value their men General,” I said. I'd had enough of those who thought they knew war telling me what war was all about. “General if you order someone to take that mission I can assure you you'll lose a company of men, and a battalion wouldn't fair any better. If you're willing to forget about that mission you seem to think is so important I believe you'll find in six months whatever you are seeing as a problem will be gone and no one will have to die over someones arrogance and bullheadedness.”
“Are you telling me your White Rose is already working on it, Colonel?” he asked.
“No, General. My White Rose is still learning to work together as a company, and the best way for them to train right now is with my husbands company. What I'm saying though is that the Rose is working on the problem and if you'll give the Rose six months the problem will solve itself. If however you aren't willing to give the Rose the time I'm asking for you'll find that you will lose not only White Rose company, but Rose company as well,” I said.
“Are you threatening me Colonel?” he asked.
“No sir. I never make threats. I can assure you though that there isn't one man on this base that wouldn't back me, and that includes three of the Generals you came here with, if you want to try pushing the issue. You see General they all know me as someone from stories they learned as children growing up. Someone who I'm sure everyone of them thought as nothing but a heroin from stories they heard from the time they were big enough to remember,” I said.
“I'm not sure I understand Colonel. You make it sound like you're more than human, other worldly if I might be so bold,” the General said.
I let my fangs drop so everyone sitting there could easily see them and darkened the marks on each side of my face.
“To say I am not mortal would be a more correct way of saying it General. I was born a witch but to save my life became a vampire. Normally when a witch is bitten she will lose her connection with the elements in favor the blood magic of the vampires, but with me that didn't happen because unlike any witch before me I draw on the elements directly from the source, just as I have done all my life on the blood magic of the vampires. There is not a vampire, or witch that would dare challenge me because to them I am their queen,” I said.
The Generals who lacked the elements or blood looked around and noticed each of their follow officers had their heads bowed in submission to my authority.
“You mean to stand there and tell me that witches and vampires are real?” he asked.
“I'm trying to tell you nothing other than if you try ordering either my White Rose or my husbands Rose companies to take this mission you will lose both companies. If you try ordering someone else to take this mission they will face White Rose and Rose companies and again you will lose both companies. You may think it worth trying to challenge mine and my husbands companies, but you have no idea the armies I command that you don't begin to know how to defend against,” I said.
“You would turn traitor to your country over this mission?” he asked.
“Kent if she gave the order even we would follow her over the government of this country. You don't understand just who she is, and if she will give her consent I'm sure we can let you know so you aren't foolish enough to challenge her,” Jason said.
“Jason if you really think telling him the stories will do any good feel free to tell them. The only thing I will ask of any of you is that you use the greatest magic of all in making your decisions. Sending people into battle should never be a first option, and not giving me the time I've asked for is exactly what you would be doing. If life means so little to you I suggest you step in and try doing this mission yourself,” I said.
“I'm sorry Colonel, but what do you consider to be the greatest magic?” Kent asked.
“Love, General. There is no greater magic then love and if the races hope to survive it's the only magic that can unite them in a single cause. It was Love that built this country and it will be the lack of Love that will tear it apart,” I said.
I looked around the room and saw the light come on in a couple of the faces sitting across from me, but most of them still looked lost and confused.
“Gentlemen I really need to get home to my family. Over the last week I have been very busy and not been able to spend much time with them. As I told you General Kline, if you hope to have the White Rose available you'll give me the six months I've asked for, before you even consider giving that mission to anyone, or forcing it down their throats. To do otherwise would bring the wrath of the Rose down on you and get a lot of good men killed for nothing,” I said.
I didn't wait to be excused since the only way I knew of to make those in the room that didn't know me as their queen, realize I did in fact, command magic, the likes of which, they couldn't begin to understand was simply to vanish.
I didn't go straight home I saw no point since to do so would have meant leaving my car there, and I knew Chris had his bike there. I slid behind the steering wheel and sat there wanting nothing more then to cry for what I saw coming. Would I be granted the six months I asked for, and if so would it be enough time to calm down the situation that was building?
I headed for Kathy's in hopes of talking to her to find out what she knew of the situation.
“Brent is Kathy home?” I assked.
“I'm sorry Sam she said something about some design problems. Ever since your wedding she has been having more and more people wanting designer dresses like yours. It's my understand she's told everyone she will never make another dress like yours though,” he said.
“Thank you Brent. Will you let her know I stopped by?” I asked.
I went over to moms to get the girls and pulled into a parking lot before getting there, something was wrong, but I didn't have any idea what, or how to find out. According to everything I now knew about magic the normal ills that affect people shouldn't have been able to affect me, but for some reason I felt out of sorts in the way I had heard mortals talk about whenever they came down with the flu or even a common cold.
I sat there in the car bent over the steering wheel with my head in my hands hoping whatever it was that had me down would ease up so I could concentrate on what I was doing.
While I sat there someone started tapping on my window trying to get my attention. I didn't look up, whoever it was was mortal and no threat to me.
Whatever it was that was bothering me eased and as I sat back in the seat the tapping came again on the window. I turned to the window and saw the man standing there a concerned look on his face.
“I wasn't feeling well, if you need me to leave...” I said rolling the window down enough so I knew he could hear me.
“No you're fine here, I just wanted to make sure nothing was wrong. You do look a little better than you did when you first arrived,” the person tapping said.
“Can you tell me what this place is?” I asked.
“It's the equality center. We fight for LGBT equality locally and nationally,” they said.
“Have you ever heard of the White Rose?” I asked.
“Isn't that a witches coven, or something like that?” they asked.
“The White Rose is more then just a witches coven. It is also a vampire clan,” I said.
“So there are vampires too? I thought that was all just horror movies and books,” they said.
I let my fangs extend. “Vampires are just as real as witches, but that wasn't exactly the White Rose I meant. The White Rose I meant was a military unit back during the war,” I said.
“I'm sorry I don't recall ever hearing about that White Rose,” they said.
“Would you like to? I doubt there are many who could tell the stories better than my men and I can, but we're likely to make them sound a lot less heroic than most,” I said.
He gave me a look that said he wasn't sure he wanted to talk without the car door between us since he had noticed my fangs, but also seemed a little afraid of offending me.
“You don't need to worry about me biting you. I might be a vampire but I don't need to drink blood to live and have more people willing to let me drink their blood than I could ever need to help me heal faster,” I said.
I opened the car door and stepped out.
“Why don't we go inside where we can talk a little more comfortably. I would like to find out more about your equality center,” I said.
A panicked look came on his face and I realized my fangs were still extended and exposed.
I started walking toward the front door and turned to see if he was going to pull himself together enough to come with. We went inside and were met by several other people all who were waiting for him so they could start a meeting.
He introduced me to several of the others there and said if I was willing to wait he would be happy to talk to me more about magic and why it was so few believed.
“I have a better idea Darin, since this meeting is for the LGBT community and I do happen to be part of that community I would really like to sit in and see if perhaps there is something I can contribute,” I said.
“Your part of the LGBT? I thought you were married and had kids,” he said.
“Actually I'm their step mother, and yes I am part of the community if you had heard of the White Rose reconnaissance unit from during the war you would know it was commanded by a Captain Samuel Waters. My name is Colonel Samantha Waters-Jacobs commander of White Rose company, and former commander of White Rose reconnaissance,” I said.
“You're Captain Waters? My dad told me if it hadn't been for Captain Waters and his unit he never would have made it back from the war,” someone else said.
“I'm guessing you've heard many of the stories of my White Rose then. I do suggest you listen to them as though that is all they are since most of the stories I've heard are just that. During the war I was mortal, at least as mortal as a witch can be, which is a lot more mortal than a vampire is,” I said.
“I'm sorry Colonel, but vampires and witches don't exist, they're just movie creations,” someone said.
“I'm sure my family would be happy to know they are nothing but myths. I'm sorry to burst your bubble, Mark, isn't it, but I can assure you witches and vampires are real since I am both a witch and a vampire. I'm the first born of element and blood, before me there were both vampires and witches, but over the centuries they grew to distrust each other. Back in the seventeenth century mortals grew to distrust witches and sought to destroy them by whatever means they could. Unfortunately in their witch hunts they killed more mortal women than they did witches since like vampires witches are very good at concealing their true nature,” I said.
“You're a witch and a vampire?” Mark asked.
“You could ask Abby, she knows who I am,” I said.
“Mistress I...” Abby protested.
“Abby? Tell them the truth Abby,” I said.
“She isn't just a witch or vampire, she's all creatures magical. She can use the magic of all creatures. She's the queen of all things magical. As she said she's the first born of element and blood. The first witch to have been bitten who didn't lose her witchcraft,” Abby said.
“And you know all this how, Abby?” Mark asked.
“Because I grew up with the stories of who she is. I knew she had announced herself since the mark of the coven showed up. My mom passed out when the mark first became visible all her life she believed the stories to be just that, stories. It wasn't supposed to be possible for a witch to keep her magic if she were bitten. I don't know what happened but every witch that had ever been bitten lost her witchcraft in favor of the blood magic of the vampires before the Mistress. Now there are many witches who again can use their birthright as though they had never lost it,” Abby said.
“There is more tell the whole story Abby. Tell them everything the stories say about me, everything that lead the witches and vampires to doubt the stories, yet continue to pass them on for generations untold,” I said.
“Please Mistress, I have always been accepted here because I kept my identity as a witch a secret. I love these people, because they accepted me for me, something even our own kind had trouble doing,” Abby said.
“Have you heard nothing of what I have asked of our people? If you love these people you will share our world with them and still be accepted, for they suffer at the same hands our people do. It is religion that is our enemy. Religion with their false gods, and even among those in the religions that preach against us and those like these here, there are some who care, and will accept us for the love we share. The greatest of all magics is the magic that even mortals can access directly from the source, the magic of love,” I said.
I called out to my Roses and they were standing with me. “It is in my power to remove all who have magic to a world of our own, yet our removal from the mortal realm would only encourage the religious leaders to bring further harm to any not willing to bow to their whim. It is the magical world that has thus far held the religions in check. To keep the world from imploding in on itself. It is the world of magic that has kept the freedoms of self available to all,” I said.
“Excuse me ma'am. I don't think I understand. I've known Abby since we were small children. In all that time I've never known her or anyone in her family to do magic. It took a long time before my parents were willing to let us play together, but that was because Abby's family didn't believe in God. Are you trying to tell me that witches and what-not don't believe in any God?” the person sitting next to Abby asked.
“You can see my friends here beside me. Explain to me how they got here. Explain to me how if you still hold onto your God you can believe he isn't other than cruel and uncaring. I know the religion you were born into and what that religion teaches. I know because I too was born into that religion. Like you I was believed to be male and thus the women in my family were sparred the atrocities of the families that only had girl children,” I said.
“You don't believe in God then?” Mark asked.
“I stopped believing in gods when I was about ten years old. Logic said that any god that allowed those claiming to be his followers, continue doing the kinds of things that take place in all known religions, wasn't really a god. Until I was bitten and became a vampire fully however I didn't believe in magic either. Even now I believe there is a magic greater than any blood or elemental magic I can command and even you as a mortal have as much access to that magic as I do. The magic of love is the greatest of all magics and every living creature has equal access to it. In fact the more it's tapped the greater it becomes,” I said.
“Love is an emotion not magic,” someone scoffed.
“Using that kind of logic hate also is an emotion, then. Emotion can be controlled, but not changed. A choice however can be changed and love is a choice, with hate being its polar opposite,” I said.
Why was it so hard for people to understand? Love was every bit as magical as either witchcraft, or the magic used by vampires. Love could dispel problems neither witches nor vampires could begin to solve. Only through love could mankind truly ever become one. Only through love could the fear and mistrust of differing ideologies come to an end. Only through love could the corruption of the various religious factions be shown for the corruption they were.
“If you would rather I not be here I'll leave, but I really would love to help in any way I can. As I said I am part of the community,” I said.
They all looked at me, the fear easy to see in their eyes. All they knew of witches and vampires was what the movies showed. That most of them were witches didn't matter they hadn't been trained, or even exposed to witchcraft, anymore than I had as a child, and their abilities as witches was nothing to write home about.
I turned to the door and started back out to my car. I really needed to spend time with my girls, but the drive to heal the world was constantly calling and as yet I wasn't sure what I could do since it seemed so few wanted to believe love was the only answer to what separated the world into its different factions.
“Ma'am I know the others are afraid of you, even I'm afraid of you a little though I know all you want is to help everyone understand they don't need to be afraid,” Abby said.
“Abby, what is it you need?” I asked.
“I just wanted to let you know I'll do whatever I can to help make things better,” she said.
“Then teach your sisters to use their full potential. At least half of those women in there are witches, and another group are elves or some other form of fairy creature. Help them learn their heritage. You saw my Roses when I called them, if you can't find me find them they will help anyone who wants to learn their heritage to meet those best able to teach them. Above all live acceptance and love of all people, not just those who love and accept you,” I said.
“How can I call them?” she asked.
“You are White Rose coven. Any of the leaders of White Rose coven know how to contact either me or my Roses. My sister is White Rose coven leader I am the Rose,” I said.
“Forgive me Mistress, I did not mean to offend,” she said.
“I'm not offended Abby. A little disappointed, but not offended. Do as I've asked in love and respect. Take not offense at those who do not understand, and be ever ready to share the love of your heart with all people. Let go your anger for it is the enemies tool,” I said.
“I will try Mistress. How many times must I accept insults from those who refuse to accept love?” she asked.
“Abby judgment is not yours, but is the domain of my Roses and I alone. Go to the coven leaders if there is a problem, share with them your concerns, then release those concerns that they not destroy you from within,” I said.
“What you ask is hard,” she said.
“Would you rather face me in judgment? You know of the former second of the coven and have no doubt heard of the fate my judgment gave her,” I said.
“Yes Mistress, what happened is well known throughout the coven. It is my understand that you also released her from that fate,” she said.
“She is now second in command of White Rose Company, and offers me the freedom to do what is mine and mine alone to do. She is well respected among my men and is a Rose just as are the coven leaders of the different covens,” I said.
“She is not marked as a Rose?” she asked.
“No she is not marked in a way that any but my Roses and I can know. As are all my Roses she has the use of both element and blood. She understands the magic of love,” I said.
“You call me to be a Rose in like fashion?” she asked.
“I ask only that you love above all. Let love rule your life and you will do well,” I said.
I needed to go, my children needed me and I had been so busy with my work as the Rose of Magic I hadn't been able to share with them as I would have liked.
I slid behind the wheel and started to pull the door closed when someone stepped in the way.
“You know they're all condemned to hell?” the man said.
“I suggest you find another pastime other than judging people you can't begin to understand,” I said.
“Can't I? How can you be so sure I don't understand those things?” he said.
“Easy. If you understood them you would understand they are people not things. If you understood them you wouldn't judge them, or anyone, on beliefs you can't prove are true. If you had any idea who I am you wouldn't try challenging me to understand your beliefs since doing so would show just how untrue those beliefs are,” I said.
“You think you can prove without doubt my religious beliefs are wrong?” he asked.
“Do you believe in love? Do you believe there is any power greater than love? If your answer to either of those questions is no, then your beliefs are irreparably flawed for hate dwells in your heart. The only true evil in this world is hate,” I said.
“My God is the God of love. It breaks his heart to condemn those who turn from him,” he said.
“If your god is the god of love how can he condemn someone? If love rules your god how is it that so many of his worshipers show hate rather then love? If you really believe in love how can you judge what you don't understand? Only hate condemns that which is doesn't understand,” I said.
“So who are you to make such a bold judgment? If hate condemns aren't you showing hate by condemning my religion?” he asked.
“If I didn't understand your religion and condemned it, yes it would be hate, as it happens I do understand your religion and know what it does to the women and children. I know what it teaches of all who reject its tenants regardless of what they know of those tenants. You see I was born into that religion and because I was thought to be male, my sisters were protected from that religion and its hypocrisy,” I said.
The man stepped back like he had been hit. I pulled the door shut and waited to see if he would attempt to talk to me any longer or if my words hit him enough to realize any hope of getting me to accept his beliefs was a wasted cause.
The man staggered around for what seemed several minutes then fell over in the parking lot. I stepped back out of the car walking over to the man and saw him staring into space with a vacant expression. I knelt down next to him placing my hand on his shoulder, hoping just maybe in doing so he would show some sign that he was still there.
“I will not share the blood of life with you if that is your hope,” I said.
He finally shook his head as though clearing the cobwebs and stared at me with a puzzled look.
“The blood of life?” he asked.
“The blood of life is what only a vampire can share. As the queen of all vampires it is within my right to share or withhold the blood of life from any. I will not share the blood of life with anyone unless they are on the edge of death and it's the only way of saving their life,” I said.
“Vampires aren't real,” he said.
“Vampires are quite real, as are witches, and all sorts of other fairy creatures. First and foremost though we are all people. We are people who know the truth of the worlds religions, though only a few know the real origins of the various religions,” I said.
“And you know the origins?” he asked.
“I do. As the queen of vampires and witches it was granted me the knowledge of old that tore the coven into small pieces and scattered the vampires to the winds. As the Rose of Magic, I control both the blood and the elements as none before me nor any after me can. I am the first born of element and blood, and the only to draw directly from the source of all magic. It is given that all men may draw from the pure source of love, but only I have been given to draw from the pure source of element and blood,” I said.
“I don't understand what that means,” he said.
“It means simply that it is within my preview to judge the actions of others. I, and I alone can cast someone into a hell of their own making from which they will never find release,” I said.
“But only God can do that,” he said.
“The god of your religion is myth. If this god gives you comfort, continue in your belief. However, if you seek truth and wisdom seek love and truth, do not judge others, but show love to all men. Judge those who are different and you will face me or my Roses in judgment, and to my Roses I have granted the power to make judgment in my name,” I said.
“How do I know what you're saying is true? I've heard many others make similar claims and all have been stricken down for their wickedness,” he said.
“The leaders of your religion have come against me more than once and found me no easy victim to their lies and hatred. The building owned by your church near my home found several cars parked on its roof and one parked in its chapel, those cars belonged to the leaders of that church yet they did not park their cars in such manner. The cars were park in that manner by two of my Roses. By my authority they could have destroyed those leaders and their property. It was through love of mankind they withheld from such judgment. What my Roses can do is as nothing to what I am capable of,” I said.
Chapter 37
“I thought you would be home a couple hours ago,” Chris said, when I walked in the door.
“I'm happy to see you as well Chris, did you pickup the girls?” I asked.
“I had the bike since you took the car when you left the office,” he said.
“Chris I don't know how much you'll be able to count on me doing anything that makes sense for a while. I got side tracked on the way home,” I said.
“I'm willing to listen if you want to talk, but I think maybe we should go get the kids first,” he said.
“The kids will be fine at moms for a while...” I started.
“They aren't at your mothers Sam,” he said.
What was going on mom always took the girls except on Thursday and this was... what day was it? How long had I spent in Asia trying to get things there straightened around?
“Is it Thursday?” I asked.
“Sam I think you need to rest. I know you haven't taken any leave since you were called back, I know you haven't because I know I haven't,” he said.
“The White Rose isn't my problem Chris. I had to go to Asia and have no idea just how long I was gone. I feel like I'm being pulled in so many direction right now. The job the magic is demanding is consuming so much of my time, and while I know there are many who care about me I feel so alone. So many things that only I can do,” I said.
“Sam I'm worried about you. You can't take care of everything yourself,” he said.
“Chris you know I was thought to be male when I was born. You know that makes me part of the trans community. On the way home I needed to stop because I wasn't sure where I was. It turned out I was at the equality center and felt sure I could be accepted there until they learned the truth of my nature. They were terrified of me,” I said.
“You told them you were a vampire?” he asked.
“It wasn't like I really had a lot of choice. There were both witches and other creatures of element there, and they recognized me,” I said.
He couldn't understand that even those who didn't even know their own nature would recognize me for who I am now. How could he know when he refused to learn the fullness of his own nature.
“Chris it's time to start healing the world, or the world will destroy us. The mortals need to know they need not fear us, that like them we are ruled by love not hate. You really do need to learn the rest of your nature, and there are plenty of witches now capable of helping you do that,” I said.
So many things that needed doing and I still wasn't sure where to start.
How could I tell the mortals their religions were false without them thinking witches and vampires were hateful creatures they need to fear when it was witches and vampires who introduced most of the religions mortals had. How could witches and vampires have made gods of themselves when our very existence was to protect the mortals and help them overcome their own frail natures.
That was it, it wasn't that the magical realms had set themselves up as gods, but more that mortals had seen us as gods because we could command the elements and the blood.
Of course there had been self serving witches and vampires even before the breaking of the coven and clan, but they had been exposed for their selfish natures. Then came the breaking of the coven and clan. Each break taking more of the mortal world with them proclaiming them gods, the White Rose being the last to demand the worship of mortals, and sharing the stories of my coming but not knowing what it was I would do.
“Chris the Rose must be whole, or the healing will not happen, and you are the other half of the Rose. If you will not learn your full nature, the Rose will never be healed and the world of magic will cease to exist, so mortals can over come their false religions and learn to live in love,” I said.
“Then teach me Sam. Teach me what it is you say I need to learn,” he said.
“I've tried, and each time I've tried you've said no. I can show you were our magic as the Rose comes from and what you need to do to bring your magic into balance, but you have rejected every offer I've made, leaving me to try to bring magic into balance by myself,” I said.
“I don't have access to elemental magic you do, and even my command of blood magic is only a fraction of what yours is,” he said.
“You were the first of the Roses accepted. Do you so easily forget the marks that we both wore at our wedding. Of all the magical people at our wedding you and I were the only ones to have worn the full symbol of all magic. There is no magic that you cannot use if you are willing to learn. No you weren't born to the unfiltered magic as I was, but you do have access to the raw source of magic just as I do if you are willing to learn and open yourself to the fullness of your magic. No vampire before you could match your strength in the blood magic until I was awoken to my blood magic and no longer able to deny that magic was real. It was through my willingness to learn my full nature that my magic grew into its fullness. There is still growth since there is still learning, and I hope I will continue to learn throughout the remainder of my life,” I said.
About Jayne Amanda Maynes
I was born in April 1955 as the heir to my father. My older brother should have been, he had the same initials as dad, but he was mentally retarded and had a heart condition from birth. According to my mother she knew from the time I was growing inside her that I would be a boy and the heir they had hope my brother could have been.
I have known for as long as I can remember that I was different that there was something not right about me. I am a male to female (M2F) transsexual. I am currently on HRT (Hormone Replacement Therapy); I have been in therapy for GID (Gender Identity Disorder) since February 2007. I started on HRT October 1, 2007. I have not set a time yet for completing my transition to becoming the woman I know I am inside. There are so many things involved in transitioning that most people have no clue about. The differences between the sexes are so vast and all of my life I have led a life that just never fit who I am inside. I have learned so much and yet there is still so much that I still don’t know about being the woman I always knew I was.


Other books By Jayne Amanda Maynes
The Butterfly Within series:
The Butterfly Within: The Image in the Mirror
The Cracked Mirror: The Butterfly Within

Daughters of Power series:
Daughter of Life

A Psalm of Love

The Rose of Magic series:
The Hidden Rose

The Mystic Rose

Connect with Me Online:
on FaceBook
on Twitter
My Blog
Email
