The Legend of Terror, Part 2
Edenia series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One
"Ahh!" yelled Terror, as he fell off the tree branch, to land onto something hard, hitting his head. 
He grunted shaking his head of dizziness along with feeling a body pushing him off of lying on top. He blinked his eyes of the pain and found the body was appearing to be Justice, his son lying on the ground appearing to be staring at the sky.
Terror heard from Justice "Can't Justice sleep without All Seeing One waking Justice up?"
Terror groaned in response to give Justice a glare finding his son while clad in twin animal clothes like his that resumed a sleeping status, while standing leaning against the tree trunk, after getting up from the ground. He grunted an annoyed sound he confused to why Justice was in existence and figured he'll figure it out later. Terror wound up finding Justice this time was still allowing the buggers he dubbed the ants to crawl all over his furry body. Terror felt annoyance take hold got up and found himself back in Terra at his familiar lake where his cradle was. He went to the cradle a boat sitting on the river bank only to find Tennans appearing to look like four foot drones gathered around it in a circle. He gave the drones a glare finding one at a time was dangling their clawed hands into the cradle and was appearing to be jerking it in some fishing movement. Terror heard the Queen singing in a bored tone to his annoyance as he went to the drones who ignored him. He found the cradle was filled with small baby gators that were each biting onto a hand of a drone that pulled it out then got the gator to release its grip on the hand and tossed back into the boat. Terror felt annoyance take hold continued to hear the Queen singing sounding no longer bored but angry to him. He grunted as the rains began to fell from above in a hard fast move while drenching him. He found the drones darted away from the cradle and went going up trees to the branches as lightening flashed above. Terror grunted an annoyed sound and without a word went to the cradle and pulled and pushed it into the lake then once waist deep dumped the contents into the water. He found the cradle sinking underwater from the rain filling it. Terror gave up a loud Hmph sound and without a comment hauled the cradle back to the beach and sat down crossed legged with a hand on his cheek he feeling disgusted with everything around him. 
Terror gave up a sound of disgust loudly only to hear "All Seeing One, tell Justice a story." 
He groaned softly hearing the pleading in Justice's voice he finding his son was seated next to him on the ground looking wet as he was via the rains. Terror heard the noises of the storm along with the familiar lightening shows kept on flashing. He eyed a tree as if drawn to find a jagged lightening hitting it followed by Tennan drones falling out appearing to be unconscious. 
Terror heard from Justice in response "Not so smart."
He ignored his son and without a word gave the sky a glare that looked dark and forbiddingly dark colored in black despite the light shows seen illuminating everything. 
He found night vision kept on blinking on and off as he heard from Justice again "All Seeing One, tell the story now!" 
Terror groaned softly hearing the demanding voice tone of his son including the looks Justice was giving him. 
He ignored the stormy weather and spoke loudly telling his story of his dreams he had while he was sleeping in the tree he titled it "MacLeod's Story." 
Terror found himself telling the story seemingly lengthy till he was interrupted by Justice speaking excitedly "I have a story to tell you so do you care to listen to it?"
He eyed his son with annoyance running through him to give him a glare. Terror kept the glare as Justice went into gibberish sounding of the Tennans' familiar gibberish talk he finding his son was surrounded by drones who were giving off gibberish. Terror felt disgust take hold got up without a word and found the rains quit to his relief. He heard the Queen singing in a bored voice tone within his mind as he went to the cradle to fall into it. Terror grimaced as he felt multiple pinching all over the place he yanked off a small baby gator he finding the cradle was filled with multiple gators that was pinching him all over. He gave up a loud growl and without a word got up from the cradle while still feeling the baby gators still keeping their mouths onto his furry form. Terror went into the water hauling the cradle with him ignoring the pinching. He once in the water waist deep dunked himself underneath to feel all the gators released their pinching mouths onto him and swam away. He gave up a loud grunt and without a word rose himself out of the water and dumped the remaining gators onto the lake out of the cradle. He gave up a loud Hmph sound and hauled the cradle to the beach to set it onto the land he hearing Justice still giving off his familiar gibberish he feeling disgusted to hear. Terror went to lie onto the cradle and shut his eyes he hearing nothing from the Queen as the sunset showing the moon in the sky. He shut his eyes and felt himself tired enough to pass out unconscious. Terror dreamed of MacLeod back in his familiar armchair in front of the fire that had put down his mug of blood. He frowned as MacLeod got the Knightmen aka Soulers he recognized despite them clad in twin armor as the male that shifted attention from the fireplace towards him. They gave him head bobs in the Human style while focused onto him attentively. Terror exhaled a breath at the dream hearing MacLeod's orders blaring in his mind.
He heard "Capture that All Seeing One now! See that he's given a dream to see what's going on with Aire!" 
He was beginning to sense it was a vision or memory of his All Seeing One powers on Terra despite not sure where the word Aire came from. He sighed and forced himself to listen to MacLeod's repeated barking commands towards the Soulers despite him not sure why the male's voice tone was sounding in a hissing voice tone and seemed feminine. He kept his eyes shut and kept on sleeping while in the cradle.

Chapter Two
Terror interrupted the narrator with a loud Hmph sound, figuring the voice was spoken via an entity egg he finding the egg was sitting on his lap hissing away making him annoyed. He gave the egg a glare feeling another egg still inside him still mind scanning his mind. 
He heard the Queen sing in her familiar voice tone he recognized was "Listen to the story now."
Terror groaned softly and without a word found the Queen became silent in his mind to resume shutting his eyes despite the moon shining overhead. He forced himself to listen to the egg sitting on his front still hissing away its story this time focused onto MacLeod traveling to planet Aire from the sounds of it.
The egg titled it "MacLeod's Story Part two." 
Terror interrupted the storyteller the egg hissing the story "Why are you telling me this story if I have no memory of this anyway?"
He found himself dumped into the lake only to find himself kneeling on the floor warmed by the fire behind him facing MacLeod minus his helmet and Lance Richard with a vampire Elves look standing next to the male with arms folded. 
He frowned while staring at MacLeod who spoke "Take a look around defiler."
Terror felt confusion to the word defiler obeyed to find a minion of the Queen ship above them appearing to be a power source to jutting objects that were going underground by the lightening zapping it. 
He heard nothing from the Queen in response as he shifted to glare at MacLeod to speak "Defiler? What are you talking about? I defiled nothing."
Terror kept the glare as MacLeod leaned forwards still seated in his chair and spoke "You speak for them that defiled our sacred ground with their technology including allowing others dubbing themselves Fishla to do this defiling of creating a place of war on our home."
Terror spoke in response "You're talking about the Annoyov Barack station isn't you? It's no longer a place of war but place of peace. Haven't you seen who's now using it?"
He frowned as MacLeod spoke "Using it? You First Ones are using the place now for your own purposes instead of respecting us who live here depending on what we need to survive. Our source of nourishment has been cut off by your gates of zappers put in place."
Terror exhaled a breath then inhaled to speak "Would it help to remove the gates for you to receive your nourishment?"
He frowned thinking to himself "Must be the Zhargans talking to me."
Terror got in response from MacLeod "Zhargans isn't our name. It's what you First Ones dub by the insulting word of vampire. Hence the gates put in place to lock us out and keep us from coming into this Annoyov Barack station as you call it to feed. We feed on blood of the living as our nourishment. The blood of the Zhargans aren't satisfactory and neither are the gonoids we dub by the four footed creatures."
Terror spoke in response realizing what was going on with shock running through him "Tell me something, my friend. Have you made peace with the Soulers who are willing to help you?"
He clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line finding MacLeod in response flaring an all black eyed look as Lance Richard next to him gave up growling noises in response. 
He heard the growling tone sounded of anger to him as he added "Annoyov Barack is a place for warring species to get together to have a dialog and work out agreements of peace. It was what the Fishla hoped with this place when they created it and defiled your home. It's a sanctuary place from the natives of this planet targeting them with death on their mind. I believe there's a door in the gates open that is waiting for you and your people to walk inside and be treated out of peaceful terms."
Terror frowned while eyeing MacLeod who spoke in response "Says you Ancient One who treated fellow blood sucker out of anger and appeared to be a slayer of him."
He sighed softly and spoke firmly while eyeing MacLeod in the eyes "You have my oath that I will honor bound the place Annoyov Barack station as a place of peace instead of actions of war."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing MacLeod who leaned back and spoke in response "Then wake up from this dream now, Terror."
Terror frowned finding darkness overtaking him till he found nothingness hitting till he came to feeling himself lying on a mattress bed. He felt his hands clasped on top of his chest along with a body lying on top of him on a sideways position. Terror groaned softly feeling his head hurting of pain. He felt his familiar dizziness as he opened his eyes and moved his hands to feel the body remove itself off of him revealing Commander Yana Renova who looked at him with a look of concern in her eyes. 
Terror spoke "Forgiveness you want it? Confess your crime-"
He cut himself off to rub a hand over his forehead while groaning loudly "What the depths hit my head?"
Terror got Yana in response kissing him on the lips which he kissed him back. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly to groan as Yana broke off the kiss to get up from the mattress he finding Doctor Chang Yong in the room that didn't look surprised to the kissing done. 
He frowned while eyeing the Doctor who spoke "A lightening zapper was seen hitting the tree where you and several Tennans were in it abruptly. The computer mind, Eli as referred in feminine terms said your tracker implant was at the location of the tree on the ground."
Terror looked away to scratch his right hand he seeing a glowing orange dot coming from it as the Doctor ignored his behavior and kept on speaking "It took a great deal of convincing to Eli to allow medics into the garden to retrieve you despite that lightening storm seen flashing overhead. Commander Renova here had to convince Eli of a problem she'll tell you when she's ready of having the retrieval happen."
He sighed while looking at Yana who formed a frown but ignored his staring as he heard from the Doctor "You were found at the base of the tree with several Tennans dead around there. You appeared to have suffered no injuries but the zapping of the lightening would be enough to give you a headache and knock you out for awhile. We managed to get you into here for testing and determining what was going on with your system. Anyway one of the Tennans via communications to Leader T'La took a great deal of convincing to allow the Soulers to have your body for healing. We agreed to that convincing when it was obvious none of our treatments were waking you up."
Terror groaned softly but didn't comment a response as he eyed the doctor who kept on speaking "The Tennans according to Leader T'La admits to having an angry attitude towards the Soulers as in something happened between both species that got them to be angry at each other. Leader T'La made it clear that its not her place to say what the angry result was between both species instead hinted that the Annoyov Barack is a place of peace which both species should be verbalizing their words actually. Sorry I was told by the Soulers and Tennans agreeing with them not to ask what was done to heal you of your medical ailment. I confess I do want to know of this healing method but I have to respect the matters of privacy from the Soulers and Tennans including how they heal manoids of medical ailments."
He frowned but found the doctor added while giving Yana a glare "Anyway nothing I can do for Terror medically wise. He's healed enough to leave. I'm not the person to tell him of your problem Commander. Pardon me."
Terror found the doctor leaving the room with the door shutting in a gentle slam move he sighed and eyed Yana who without a word sat down on the mattress next to him and sighed loudly. He sat up feeling his dizziness gone from him to adjust his position to swing his legs off the mattress to sit his feet onto the floor next to Yana. Terror thought of his familiar comment involving forgiveness but kept his mouth shut as he silently stared at Yana without a comment. 
He kept his mouth shut as Yana looked at him her speaking "You're quiet."
Terror shrugged and spoke "Other than that familiar commentary line of forgiveness involving confession I habitually spoken to people I prefer to be silent and let you speak what you want. I highly dub that line would be proper anyway."
He sighed as Yana leaned against him and took one of his hands he feeling her guide it to her body to rub the area he stiffened with shock running through him as an image of a Human baby life form in beginning stages flashed in his mind. 
Terror gently placed an arm around Yana and spoke "How far are you along with offspring fathered by me?"
He heard sniffles from Yana in response as he gently wrapped arms around her hugging her in soothing move he figured she was relieved to finally tell him of her condition. 
He kept his mouth shut in response as Yana had her sniffling bout before hearing her speaking "I wasn't expected to carry offsprings the moment I reached my current adult status from a fast growth spurt. I was expected to be a bodyguard to my Father the Commandant himself."
Terror gave up a loud gasp in response as Yana ignored his noises kept on speaking "That's why I came to existence. The Commandant had me bred to become a super soldier ordered to bodyguard him. I balked on that body guarding when I discovered his actions as a leader was wrong and rebelled against him. I wound up joining General Leroy and his rebellion by killing the Captain of a Telepath controlled warship another telepath actually servant of my Father I didn't like. I admit it I enjoyed the killing of this bastard. Once I did that killing I managed to take control of that warship and got it to General Leroy's location I managed to decipher via coded messages with rebels. General Leroy found me heroic with my actions of murdering a telepath and stealing a warship awarded me a Commander rank underneath him."
Terror sighed softly as Yana kept on sniffling while speaking "I don't find myself worthy of being a Commander from time to time. It was murder and thievery that got me this position. I find I have to prove myself worthy against the other Earthari who used my youngness as a reason why I shouldn't have this position."
He sighed again and gently kept his hugged hold onto Yana who wrapped arms around him in response as he reached a hand towards her abdomen to again get an image of a Human baby in beginning stages. 
Terror didn't comment a response as Yana spoke "You're the father of the child I'm carrying. It's scaring me that I managed to conceive a child with you despite using myself as an object for males to mate with and never conceiving offsprings from that."
He sighed again and gently kissed Yana's head on the top and spoke "It's my first time an Earthari female wound up conceiving my child actually."
He frowned as Yana looked at him with watery eyes as he added "It's not my first time I've mated with Earthari females. It's my first time an Earthari child was created out of an Earthari female. Usually some other form of life gets created instead of an Earthari child. I'm not sure if the Tennans would agree to me telling you more on this subject."
Terror clamped his mouth shut as Yana kissed him on the lips he kissed back only to hear the familiar hissing noise of an entity egg which he sighed as she broke off the kiss to speak as two eggs played a ramming game in front of them "The reason I laugh at those entity balls because they help me forget that I was used as a carrier for them."
Terror frowned as Yana leaned against him who added "The entity ball when coming and going from me always sting in pain from the carrying status-"
He interrupted "I sympathize Yana. I know how you're feeling regarding this carrying status."
Terror got from Yana in response "I don't care to know if anyone else is being a carrier or not. I don't want to know. It bothers me when someone admits this carrying status to me enough to not want to be friendly with this person. Don't tell me further details of this if your used for carrying-"
He heard the door knocking sound found Alexa the nurse opening the door and speaking "Out! Take your pity party out now! I've heard enough of this pity talk!"
He sighed and forced himself and Yana to get up and without a word followed her out of the room to find Alexa slamming the door behind them. 
He finding the nurse giving off her good riddance comment before walking away further into medical bay she yelling "Coming!"
Terror sighed to focus onto Yana who formed her familiar concentration look indicating on listening to her communications device followed by her speaking "Terror is fine medically to be kicked out of medical bay. Anyway I'll make sure he comes with me to meet the new Ambassador with the other Ambassadors in the peace room. Excuse me Renova out."
Terror frowned as Yana focused onto him and spoke "Communications says there's a new Ambassador for a species that was hiding somewhere in Zarghuna undetected by the Fishla when they build this station."
He sighed softly as Yana added "It was Leader Lave according to communications who made first contact and convinced this species to send a peace envoy to the station to talk with the other Ambassadors. Since you represent the Tennans I hire you as their Ambassador so you're coming with me to the peace room for the meeting in question."
Terror sighed again and wordlessly followed Yana out of medical bay to find a Souler following them he sensed was Long Lived One his son behind who he figured would be the Soulers' Ambassador. He followed Yana to the route to the Command Center to find her walking by the doors that remain shut while hearing chattering voices sounding of multiple languages spoken including the Fishla's main language spoken he hearing Leader Lave's voice. He frowned for Leader Lave's voice on closer to the room appeared to be translating talk via Sora he hearing her electronic voice. He followed Yana down into the hallway to a doorway to go inside finding a large lounge room with multiple desks and chairs with Ambassadors in the room gathered in a large group in a circle around Leader Lave speaking for Sora she seen glowing via the group overhead. Terror frowned as Yana halted their walk to put two fingers into her mouth and gave a whistle blast sound to find the circle break apart when the Ambassadors notice her giving off the noises.
 He didn't comment a response to Yana's noises who quit the whistle blast to hear loudly "That's Commander Yana Renova the Earthari Ambassador and leader of the Earthari put in charge of running this place. Excuse the noises she made. She seems to have a talent for breaking up fights with that noise she made."
Terror frowned stiffening finding Leader Lave was addressing a white skinned Elf with long black hair, pointed Elves' ears, with Lance Richard's getup and having all black eyes and fanged teeth seen from the being in a male form when giving him a narrowed eyed glare. He gulped seeing the glare was of accusation to him he recognized but didn't comment a response to that look. 
Terror cleared his throat and found Yana taking his arm and led him to the new Ambassador she speaking firmly in Fishla's language once an arm length away "Greetings Ambassador of Zarghuna, is what this planetary world is called among us Earthari I represent as Ambassador. This is Terror who not only represents us Earthari but is the current Ambassador to the species dubbed Tennans. He knows how the Tennans think and can translate their language hence he appointed this job in question."
He sighed seeing the new Ambassador's look become more glaring to hear from Sora singing loudly while hearing silence from Leader Lave "Terror, the new Ambassador dubbing himself Lance Richard of the species Nightwalker admits to having a grief with you resembling the ones dubbed Slayers who had a war with his kind too many of the Earthari years ago. The war resulted in both species nearly going extinct till the Fishla arrived and built the Annoyov Barack station as a place of war. The Slayers managed to use the Annoyov Barack Station as a place of sanctuary from the war with his people and prospered while his people hid underground forbidden to enter this place in question. It was recently is when one of the Slayers gave permission for his people to send an Ambassador to speak to us. The others already know of the story as told by Leader Lave and don't wish to hear of it again. They prefer this fight be settled in peaceful terms."
Terror frowned to find Ambassador Lance he figured he'll call him appear to notice the Souler behind him who walked to stand next to him he noticed had his face bared. He eyed Ambassador Lance who gave up a loud growling noise and crouched with hands jutting reed knives and acting threatening while noticing his eyes was aimed at the Souler who put away his sword and folded his arms still baring his face with all blue eyes narrowed in a glare. Terror frowned finding himself compelled to speak spoke firmly loudly his familiar line involving forgiveness and confession to crimes to his annoyance. He clamped his mouth shut while folding his arms feeling annoyed with what he spoken as he eyed Ambassador Lance who quit the jutting knives from his fingers reverting them back and straightening up his form eyes still glaring at the Souler who he noticed was glaring back with anger sensed from both of them. Terror spoke his familiar line only to feel Yana's hand clamp over his mouth and she put a finger to her lips ordering him to be quiet as he heard silence within the room. He frowned finding the Ambassadors were gathered around in a circle staring at the Souler and Ambassador Lance with narrowed eyed looks he recognized was speak for admit something. 
Terror kept his mouth shut in a thin line as Yana removed her hand and folded her arms only to hear "what do you call this world now since the Earthari refer it as Zarghuna?'
He exhaled a breath hearing that question from the Souler who spoke in Long Lived One's voice he recognizing his son's voice but figured that the speaker wasn't from the seen Souler himself but from a hidden Souler hiding speaking for them. 
Terror shifted to eye Ambassador Lance who spoke in response him hearing "Aire in honor of the language of the first Slayer who taught us how to speak spoken words. His language's name was dubbed Aire according to this Slayer. He insisted we learn how to speak his language despite our attempts to feed off of him he ignored us doing it to him. This Slayer or Souler as your species calls yourselves dubbed himself Long Lived One."
He exhaled a breath to frown eyeing the Souler warily who cocked his head with eyes narrowing forming suspicion in them as he continued to hear from Ambassador Lance "Long Lived One insisted we speak his language despite allowing us to feed off of him in response to trying to prove he didn't want to slay my people. The Tennans themselves came along and started babbling to us in this Long Lived One's language which we were forced to learn to understand what they were trying to tell us. The Tennans managed to get Long Lived One out of our clutches and told us that there was a door in the gate that would allow manoids to come and go as they please for contacting the natives of this place of peace."
Terror frowned but kept his mouth shut while eyeing the Souler who quit the look of suspicion and head cock in response with eyes no longer narrowing only to hear in response "We do know of this Long Lived One you speak of with respects Ambassador. He wound up sick with a medial ailment indicating your hidden presence on this planetary world he insisted it was for peaceful terms out of respect of seeing this place as a place of peace between warring species."
He frowned to find Ambassador Lance looking down to sense a Tennan drone next to him he found was of a biped two footed one who was on hands and knees with head cocked staring at the male with curiosity sensed from the drone. 
Terror frowned eyeing the drone who spoke Tennans' gibberish language he translated loudly "Says we Tennans had an angry problem with the Soulers themselves. Only to figure out it was involved with the Soulers angry at your people that they took out onto us out of their anger. We figured that out and have fixed that problem to assure it won't happen again.'
He heard silence from the Tennan to find the drone sliding on the floor belly on it towards the Souler and made a cat like purring behavior towards the male while appearing to be rubbing her head onto the male's leg. 
He sighed and didn't comment a response as the Souler he eyed looked down and heard "Yes thank you for that. A favor was already done for you and your people in question so the debt is wiped clean. Thank you for the opportunity for this meeting."
Terror sighed and found Yana taking his arm pulling him out of the room following the Ambassadors with the Tennan seen crawling up the wall into the air ducts. He frowned as he found Leaders D'Clan and T'La entering the room behind them without glancing their way as he found Sora floating in the doorway with a glaring look on her face when he paused from walking.
He groaned as Yana spoke "Let them work it out with the Leaders. Nothing more can be done here for them. The Leaders know what to do towards new Ambassadors welcomed into this place of peace. It's their job to tell new Ambassadors the rules of this place including how they and their species should conduct themselves among the people here who expect that behavior jointly all agreed on that."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed Yana releasing his arm into the Command Center to hear loudly "Commander on deck!"
He found Earthari in the room halted what they were doing to stand at attention towards Yana who spoke loudly "As you were! Report!"
Terror found Earthari resume their work including several of them going up to Yana mostly females appearing to be aware of her pregnancy and loudly asking her questions on the subject in a happy voice tone. 
He didn't comment a response as he went to bare spot in the room to sit crossed legged and shut his eyes thinking to himself "I might as well see what's going on around here."
Terror heard Sora's singing in response groaned softly finding his All Seeing power blocked. He forced himself to open his eyes watching and listening ignored like a silent witness to the Earthari doing their work around the room some seen congratulating Yana and discussing the subject of babies with her. Terror noticed Earthari looking at his way giving him salutes of hand fisted over their chests diagonal when he eyed them who appeared to have looks of reverence in their eyes. 
He sighed and thought to himself "Well hopefully everything will turn out great in peaceful terms."
Terror heard nothing in response to his thinking only to feel his mind scanned shocking him after awhile of not having that happen. He looked around the room finding none of the Earthari was displaying Telepathic eyes or behavior to indicate that mind scanning to his confusion. He frowned as he recalled the Sages of Terra mind walkers themselves that had managed to mind scan him from time to time. 
Terror frowned as he heard sounding in his mind "Hello Terror."
He exhaled a breath to hear the Sages' familiar voice sounding of the mind walking plant life form sounding in his mind to mentally speak "Where have you been and when were you going to communicate?"
Terror heard in response "I'm Ramses the great! The greatest Sage as there is ever to existence! I'm the greatest! You can't stop me hah hah!"
He sighed with a soft groan to speak mentally via memory of his All Seeing One visions "Zarghuna is Aire aka Shadan isn't it?"
Terror heard in response "Spoilsport figured out everything didn't ya? Well figure out this riddle since you're so smart. What do you think happened to Aire to become Zarghuna as it's called?"
Terror groaned in response sensing Sora's singing quit to shut his eyes forcing himself to see the planet entirely to figure out from the looks of it that it suffered a twin destruction involving Terra being deadened by Fishla's warships firing onto it. He sighed as he found the ocean holding a circle of islands and focused into the middle of them to find three Sage plants sitting on the water. He felt his mind still scanned to see the plants giving off sneezing sounds and sneezing like movements in his mind as he figured that they were the planet's Sages as called. Terror frowned as he heard Sora's singing sounding again to open his eyes and focused onto the Earthari as he felt his mind quit being scanned.
Terror mentally spoke in response as he recalled the Sages' mind walking abilities involving manipulating manoids to move "Hmph seems like the Sages were playing games around here. I do hope their games don't involve me despite me having an All Seeing One power. Anyway I might as well see what the future will bring with Yana expecting my child. Hopefully the Earthari as their called will follow Yana's example and start conceiving offsprings. Life moves on regardless of death happening. I highly doubt that Terra will be livable for awhile."
Terror sighed and focused onto the Earthari in response going around doing their work as he heard nothing more from the Sages or sensed them scanning him. He sighed again as Sora continued her singing he forcing himself to pay attention to everything around him in the room.

Chapter Three
Far underneath the sea near the Sages, a voice spoke "They found an All Seeing One by the sneezing noises they gave up whenever they find one, Master."
Another voice spoke "The Sages have done their duty as oath they would. We will quit hiding now. Sages arrange for it and send the guards for the capture."

Terror exhaled a breath trying to shake the sleepiness, from him, despite hearing "Nighty night smarty." over and over.
Terror wound up via mind of his All Seeing One ability, to focus onto a green moon that was orbiting the planet Aire, having forests.
He kept on focusing as if drawn, to find himself, with golden eyes speaking "I have a story to tell you so do you care to listen to it?"
He wound up hearing "Ro a Trigan male, with a Highlander eyed look, wears only black pants like I with my own pants, wrap around feet and ankles can shift into an Orca whale and back, only in water. Maura, a female Human, a part of the Humans' Navy and undersea home a dome with other Humans. Planet is Terra, after fire consumes the land, leaving Humans to go underground in caves, discovered by vampires, including domes underwater or in caves. Humans' domes underwater, involve the Navy only and experiments, done onto sea life. As in creating Ro, from the remaining Trigans that survive in the ocean and are more Orca than Human." 
He kept on dreaming of his son, Justice he figured was the male, and not himself, as if compelled speaking "Maura and two other Humans, travel via sea, in submersible vehicle, with Ro, ordered to follow along and protect, while in Orca form. Vehicle gets hit with something, from behind. Humans inside, aren't sure if it's Ro doing it, as the vehicle sinks and finds Ro no where in sight. Humans get into oxygen masks and get out of the vehicle via emergency, only to find, ocean depths, kill two of the Humans, crushing them. Maura manages to make it to the surface, despite breathing an oxygen mask, via engine machine piloting her there, in a fast move. Maura reaches surface of ocean, finds air breathable to her shock, after oxygen mask runs out of oxygen and she forced to breathe air. She finds air smelling stinky to her and bothers her as she spots land to notice, there's no eaters burning or any smoke from them but it still looks dead to her. Maura waits till moonrise for help from the Humans in the Navy, as she floats via raft, till they arrive via submarine. Humans aboard are shocked to see her, without an oxygen mask and find that she's suffering from a plague like sickness from her breathing the air. Humans get Maura aboard via quarantine and get her to an underwater dome. She's asked questions about Ro and how he was behaving, before he and her vehicle met up." 
Terror eyed his son, with annoyance running through him, to give his son a glare, despite unsure of why, he was dreaming of him. Terror kept the glare as Justice went into gibberish, sounding of the Tennans' familiar gibberish talk, he finding his son was surrounded by drones, who were giving off gibberish. Terror felt disgust take hold got up, in the dream, without a word and found the pelting of rains, seemingly fists, quit to his relief, as he found himself back at his familiar pond, in Terra where he was hiding among nature. He heard the Queen singing in a bored voice tone within his mind, as he went to the cradle to fall into it. Terror grimaced as he felt multiple pinching all over the place, he yanked off a small baby gator, he finding the cradle was filled with multiple gators, that were pinching him all over, like needles to his confusion. He gave up a loud growl and without a word, got up from the cradle, while still feeling the baby gators, still keeping their mouths onto his furry form. Terror went into the water hauling the cradle with him, ignoring the pinching. He once in the water, waist deep dunked himself, underneath to feel all the gators released their pinching mouths, onto him and swam away. He gave up a loud grunt, and without a word rose himself, out of the water and dumped the remaining gators onto the lake, out of the cradle. He gave up a loud Hmph sound and hauled the cradle to the beach, to set it onto the land, he hearing Justice still giving off his familiar gibberish, he feeling disgusted to hear. Terror went to lie onto the cradle and shut his eyes, he hearing nothing from the Queen as the sunset, showing the moon in the sky. 
He shut his eyes only to open them as if compelled, while hearing the word "Focus," spoken over and over. 
Terror groaned from the sleepiness hitting him, shook his head and groaned loudly. He felt a hand slapping him onto the cheeks, as he found himself sitting in a chair, chained to it to his disgust. Terror found the slapping continued, waking him up from a sleeping status. 
He opened his eyes to glare, with annoyance, running through him, as he again heard "Focus!" 
Terror heard from the speaker repeatedly, over and over, despite attempts to sleep. Terror kept on finding himself slapped away, and told the command word of, focus over and over, to his annoyance. 
He eyed the speaker, who added "White Shadow commands you to focus now!"
He felt himself annoyed, finding his words to convince the speaker, dubbing himself, White Shadow, despite having a form of an odd Human male, with large size and all black eyed look. He had glimpsed a mark on the Human's face that looked like a knife wound to him, appearing to be cut there. 
He frowned as he felt his odd sense going off, again making him speak "Forgiveness? Do you want it-"
Terror was interrupted by the human, speaking in a creepy voice, via his mind, despite displaying a bony look "Just focus onto what I want you to see now!"
He frown feeling confusion hitting him, as he heard a singing sound, within his mind, that sounded of an angry tone, as he shut his eyes, despite restrained into a chair via chains. He felt his mind scanned, to focus, while hearing the Human's creepy voice speaking in his mind, urging him to look, where he wanted him to look. Terror obeyed, despite the singing in his mind, sounded of disagreement, he confused, to why he had it in his mind. He frowned as he saw an image of a female, with short brown hair and lying on the floor, with a blanket on top of her. He felt a familiar sense hitting his sensitive part, from seeing her, only to get the familiar voice, screaming in his mind, urging him to focus. Terror felt disgust take hold, shifted to look elsewhere, finding himself looking at the ocean, seeing three plants rising from the ocean's waters to spread their petals. 
They reminded him of something he confused to see, as the voice spoke again "Stop focusing onto the Meritanians! Just focus onto the Slayers and their warship now!"
He obeyed to look elsewhere, seeing an island that had a curved cliff off one side, along with something white that seemed familiar to him, he confused to see it.
Terror recalled nothing, as he heard from the voice "That's it! Just focus onto that warship now!"
He obeyed to focus onto the warship, finding his focus going elsewhere, instead of focusing onto the white thing. He kept on hearing the voice's blaring, at him, to focus onto the thing, a warship as called. Terror felt fed up with the focusing, jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at the Human who quit the bony look.
He gave the Human, a glare, who spoke "I didn't say that you're done focusing."
Terror spoke in response "I warn you that this ability, I'm seeing via my mind, has its own mind of own, and isn't easily controlled-"
He was interrupted by the Human, darting forwards in a fast speed blurring move, to feel a fist connect with his stomach, he grunted loudly from. Terror gave the Human, a glare of annoyance, he recalling the male's name was Tom, as if compelled, despite unsure of why, he was called that. 
He kept the glare, as Tom, he figured, he'll refer him spoke "Just concentrate, Terror. You'll be able to control this ability at once. I know of someone, who did this controlling, and was able to do it. You should be able to do it yourself. So shut your eyes and concentrate now."
Terror felt sleepiness, hitting him, yawned loudly, despite Tom heard, yelling "Damn you Tank! Damn you Merra for interfering!"
Terror felt himself passing out unconscious, in response to the talk, to dream of Justice, at a campfire, telling his story, he finding himself, understanding what his son was saying, to his shock. Justice, at first, was talking about a Maura, he figured was a female's name.
He wound up confused till Justice spoke "Maura's nurse, tells her, 'Ro's tracking signal, was detected, making a collision with the sub.'"
Terror exhaled a breath while asleep recognizing his mind, was seeing what it wanted him to see, via dreaming status, including seeing his son, as a storyteller, telling the story. He remained asleep to continue on sleeping, seeing what was in his mind, via visions of it, as if compelled, including hearing Justice, narrated it.
Justice was saying, "Maura frowned, as the nurse spoke, she appearing to be some Bloody, from the looks of her, including fanged teeth 'Ro managed to escape and is swimming, somewhere in the ocean, despite tracking signal stopped. It appears the collision with the sub, caused him to lose his tracker implant, on his fin, as an Orca form. There was no reason for the collision, only for Ro to get the tracker implant out of his fin. He caused the destruction of the sub, by the collision.'
Maura felt annoyance, take hold spoke "And the deaths of two Humans, who tried to escape with me."
She found the nurse doing a double take look, followed by her speaking "Tell me about it."
Maura spoke firmly "I saw the two soldiers, escape with me, and have trouble with their engines, by something kept on attacking the machinery, as I went up into the ocean, to the surface. I wasn't able to see what cut their engines in question, but I suspect it was Ro doing it."
She frowned, as the nurse spoke "Anything else?"
Maura noticed the nurse appeared to have a faraway look, and figured to herself, that she was wearing a listening device. She kept her mouth into a thin line, and waited as the nurse focused onto her and cleared her throat. 
Maura spoke firmly "That's all I know. I can't help with the information. I'm surprised that Ro never shown himself, around my raft, or tried to knock me off. Not sure what he was thinking actually."
She clamped her mouth, into a thin line and waited, as the nurse appeared to be listening, to her device in her ears, by the head cock and faraway expression, on her face. Maura waited seemingly lengthy as the nurse, without a word left the room, which she leaned back against the bed, and sighed loudly. 
Maura groaned softly to herself, and wound up, thinking, to herself "Just not even sure of what's going on with Ro. I on the surface, via raft saw Ro swimming around me, on that thing. He shifted form from his Orca form, into Human and managed to get aboard the raft, despite my attempts to kick him off. Ro was babbling about wanting love, whatever that is from me. I refused to give it to him. He in response managed to get my front, onto the raft and was doing some mating behaviors onto me, from behind. Lucky my uniform blocked him, from doing the penetration. He never ripped it, when he did the sexual act, instead once done dived, into the ocean and resumed his Orca form, followed by swimming away, and hasn't been seen, since, I was on the surface breathing the air."
Maura groaned softly from thoughts and rolled over onto her side, shutting her eyes and frowned, feeling relieved, to breathe, the stuffy air of the dome, instead of the oxygen of the planet's air. The planet's air to her, smelled odd, and made her nose wrinkle in distaste. She shut her eyes and proceeded to fall asleep, as she didn't know that she was spied on. For behind a black window, in the room, as Maura fell asleep, was a male Bloody, Achilles, as if knowing who he was, despite appearance twin to Nightwalker, the King of Bloodies, with all red eyes, stood with a twin to an All Seeing One deity, dubbed Lance Richard. 
Justice continued on narrating, Terror hearing, "At first, I wasn't sure of what name the twin was having, despite recognizing him as Leader Steven, to my confusion."
Terror kept on hearing, "Achilles, wound up speaking Maura's thoughts, out loud, as if he mind read, her. He shifted from red eyes to glare behind him, with accusation in his Human black eyes, at a figure, wearing an all white hooded robe, covering the details, with annoyance running through. Achilles glared with arms folded, as he found Leader Steven, as he was referred, despite scaly skin clothes on the Human's form that seemed not removable, stood next to him that he sensed to shift, to face the robed figure. Achilles glared at the robed figure, he sensed, was mind scanning him via senses blaring it, he ignored. He kept his mouth having fanged teeth shut into a thin line and waited, impatiently, for the High Council, as the robed figure referred themselves, via group name to speak something. Achilles found Leader Steven had shifted to glare at the High Council's member, like he was glaring.
He ignored the mind scanning, by the member, till he heard blared in his mind, a monotone voice "Anything else, your not admitting, Achilles?"
He gave up a soft growl, hearing the accusation in the member's voice tone, via his mind, as he spoke out loud "I had nothing to do, with Ro, and his attack on the sub, holding Humans, or targeting them. I only managed to goad Ro, to protect them, which he oath, he would. Not sure why, he rebelled against me. He has understood my authority, and has always obeyed me, with whatever, I ordered him to do. I can't say what Ro is thinking at the moment. Just use the Sages, to answer that question instead."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as the mind scanning resumed, to his disgust. He sensed Leader Steven next to him was angry, by the senses, blaring warning abruptly. 
Achilles glared at Leader Steven, with all red eyes, and broadcasted, to the male "Stop your anger now. I'm angry myself, with what's going on with Ro. I feel like Ro snapped, after obeying me, for awhile, and managed to rebel, with the destruction of the sub, as you, Humans, call it, including deaths of two Humans. Don't put the blame entirely onto me."
He glared at Leader Steven, whose eyes turned all black looking, creeping him out, as the male without a word, jabbed a finger aimed at him, and faded from view, he figured, involving a hidden state ability. He shifted to glare at the High Council's member, with annoyance running through him, who blared in his mind, after he willed aside, the red eyed look.
"Anything else, you want to admit?' He heard. "The Sages, say, there's something else, you're not admitting, they managed to glean from Ro's mind, despite him swimming around, as a fish, at the moment."
Achilles bared his fanged teeth in response, only to feel the air shift, followed by pricks of sword points, poking him, all around his body's front and back. He ignored the Soulers, appearing from hidden status, poking him with their swords, while hearing them, growl angrily.
Achilles spoke, in response, using his voice "Interesting, that you're blaming me, for this destruction, of two pathetic Humans, dying out, attacked, by a mere Orca whale. You're sure that this forsaken planet didn't evolve from the destruction, of the eaters, burning the land? I know Humans too well that they'll always evolve, to have some kind of ability, to defeat the deathly odds of, what nature will throw at them. They managed to evolve on Pluto, and now their still evolving at the moment, on Terra."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line, hiding his teeth and waited as the Soulers hid, despite swords, still felt poking him, which he glared at the High Council member, who kept on, scanning his mind. He ignored the mind scanning, to keep the glare in response, as he folded his arms, Human style, ignoring the swords, still poking his front. Achilles kept his mouth shut and waited for the High Council, to pass judgment onto him. He didn't have long to wait as he sensed Leader Steven, arrived, via swords stopped poking him and groans from the Soulers, loudly. He frowned as he shifted to eye Leader Steven, who stopped displaying his all black eyed look, to show Human blue eyes, despite having Human black hair, twin, to Achilles' black hair. 
He frowned, while eyeing Leader Steven, who gave the High Council member, a glare, and got from the Human "Spare punishing Achilles now, High Council. The Sages blabbed to me, that Ro was controlled via they called mating urges, when he attacked the sub, to get the females out. He succeeded in doing it, but wasn't the responsible party for the deaths of two of them, via attack, onto their engines. Turns out another fish, was swimming in the ocean, got hungry and attacked their engines, in an attempt, to eat off it. The two females wound up dead from ocean depths, crushing them actually, by engine failures, to bring them up, further into the ocean. I suspect the fishes are having a banquet with their bodies. As for Maura, she's telling the truth of Ro, playing some sexual act onto her. He's still swimming in the ocean, confused, on where he should be going, and where the Navy's dome is. Ro lost his way to the dome, via loss of the sub vehicle, to guide him, hence he swimming confused."
Achilles shift to glare at the High Council member, only to hear a familiar voice blaring, in his mind "It's Walls. Yes Leader Steven, as you refer him, is telling the truth. We managed to mind scan Ro, while he was in throes, of wanting to have something for mating. He managed to succeed in doing that onto a female Human. You, males, are always controlled by that thing I have no idea why, when it comes to mating urges. Disgusting. Anyway we're currently manipulating Ro, to return to the dome, to receive punishment. Despite him, clueless on us, existing, or that we can manipulate people, to do things around here."
Achilles frowned to glare at the High Council member, despite the voice of the male Sage, speaking in his mind, always broadcasting to him, whenever talking to the High Council, he annoyed to eavesdropped. He glared at the member, hearing a sound of disgust, from the Elf species, as the Humans, called them, despite their actual name of Highlander, used. 
He glared at the Highlander, covered up, who without a word, walked away, hearing Leader Steven, giving off "Good riddance."
Achilles bared his teeth, at the walking away High Council member, sensing the Soulers, were escorting the Highlander. 
He shifted to glare at Leader Steven, as he heard from Walls, broadcasting as usual "To anyone who cares, I managed to get Ro guided back to the dome's vicinity, which he's managed to figure out the way to there, and is via mind scans of him, on the way to the entrance. Just don't spare the whip when punishing him, for he's thinking of hoping to avoid that thing. The whipping keeps him from turning into Orca, when his back is stinking of pain, actually, from mind scans of him."
Achilles heard a sound of disgust from Leader Steven, as Walls quit blaring, in his mind. He shifted to glare at Leader Steven, who folded his arms, and got from the male "Jeez, Ro, you couldn't find anything worth doing while free, and have to return to containment?"
Achilles bared his fanged teeth in response, as Leader Steven, without a word, towards him, formed all black eyes, and faded from view. He shifted to eye, Maura, via the window, and found the nurse appeared to sense him, via her shutting the curtain closed, blocking his view. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and without a word, walked away, thinking to himself "I might as well see to Ro's punishment."
Achilles heard nothing to his thinking, as he walked to the dome's pool entrance in another corridor and large room, where Ro was apparently, going to use to gain entrance inside. He didn't have long to wait, as Ro came into the pool, via Human form and broke the surface of the water, followed by climbing the ladder and walking out. He glared at Ro with all red eyes, finding Ro surrounded, by appearing Soulers, clad in white hazmat gear and dart guns that injected the drugs, into the male, who appeared to not resist. He kept the glare as the Soulers, managed to carry Ro unconscious, into a private room, followed by getting the male into quarantine, despite Bloodies immune to sicknesses that passed, among Humans and not sparing Ancient Ones like wild. He ignored the Soulers who appeared to be testing Ro all over and not sparing the male's sensitive part to his disgust. He kept his mouth into a thin line and waited for the results of the Soulers' tests. 
He wound up, hearing via his mind "Ro's clean of any body sicknesses, onto his body. Just have to test him for any breathing sicknesses or internal sicknesses. He'll have to remain in quarantine till we determined, that he's not sick with anything like that. Then you can give him the punishment."
Achilles kept his mouth shut, hearing that from a Souler, within his mind. He eyed Ro as the Soulers did their tests onto him, finding them going around equipment in the room, after taking a sample, from the male. He went to Ro to stand with arms folded, finding the Soulers, were no longer gathered around the male, as he stood staring at him. 
Achilles heard comments of "He's clean, clear" spoken, via multiple Soulers, in the room.
He figured involved the tests done onto Ro, as he heard an all clear comment, from the Soulers' leader, the doctor in the room, and found them moving the male into another patient room, but away from Maura's room. 
Achilles followed them, moving to find, one putting an oxygen mask over Ro's face and speaking towards him "It'll counterattack the drug, we pumped into his system, to knock him out." 
He didn't say a word in response as the Soulers, one by one, left the room, leaving him alone with Ro, who remained asleep, despite having an oxygen mask, covering his mouth and nose. He glared, as he sensed Leader Steven, next to him by a loud Hmph, spoken in the male's voice tone. 
Achilles shifted to look at Leader Steven, next to him who spoke "Drat, Maura will have to be put down. Tests say, she's sick with a deadly respiration illness, she appeared, to have caught, from breathing, the planet's air too much."
Achilles frowned, but didn't say a word in response, as Leader Steven continued to speak ignoring him, eavesdropping "The respiration illness was caught by the members of the sub, who noticed it, via Maura's nose leaking crap in front of them, and she mouth breathing, once inside their sub. Their in quarantine, at the moment. Doctor says that they'll live, but it's too late for Maura. We'll have to put her down, as humanly as possible."
Achilles didn't comment a response as Leader Steven was silent. He eyed Ro, and waited impatiently for Ro to wake up, finding the male coughing, while jerking open his golden colored, gonoid eyes, and looking around with confusion, in them. He bared his teeth when Ro's golden eyes fell onto him, followed by nervousness, sensed from the male. 
Achilles spoke loudly "So tell me what were you doing, involving destroying a sub, and responsible, for the deaths, of triplet Humans, hmm?"
He glared at Ro who appeared to gulp, followed by the male removing the oxygen mask, and speaking "I got mating urges. No one was listening to me whine about them-"
"Yeah right." He heard Leader Steven interrupt him, as he formed an all red eyed look, while glaring at Ro, who appeared to look more nervous.
Achilles spoke firmly "One of the Humans, who you mated with, wound up catching a deadly respiration illness, according to tests and will be put down on a humanly basis. What do you have to say about that?"
He glared at Ro, who appeared to gulp, followed by the male speaking "I beg your forgiveness for this-"
Achilles interrupted "There's no such thing as forgiveness-"
He was interrupted by Leader Steven, choking him, via mental ability, cutting off his voice, as he shifted to glare at the male. 
He glared as Leader Steven he saw, was displaying all black eyes, spoke in his creepy voice tone "Strike one. You'll be punished via whipping. Commit Strikes two, and three, and your down on a permanent basis, of my own choice. It can involve having you become food, for the restless water life, contained in tanks that eat Humans, like you, in question. Don't make me order you to become their food nourishment, while you're alive, and awake, to be aware of them, feeding you."
Achilles found himself no longer choking by the sensation gone from his throat, shifted to glare at Ro with all red eyes, hearing the male speaking "You have my loyalty."
He heard the firmness of Ro's voice and found the male was eyeing, Leader Steven, in the eyes. Achilles eyed Leader Steven, finding the male jabbed a finger aimed at Ro and faded from view, leaving him alone with the male. 
He shifted to glare at Ro, who gulped and got from the male, speaking "Just get this whipping over with. I'm anxious to get out of this room. It's creeping me out."
He didn't say a word in response instead, left the room, while finding Soulers, wearing their creepy black masks and clothes, twin, to his armor, appear into sight, going into the room. Achilles waited in the hallway, seemingly lengthy as he heard Ro's screaming of terror cry, and heard whipping sounds of a whip, hitting the male's back. He grimaced from the sounds and kept on grimacing, till a loud groan was heard, followed by the door to the room manipulated but showing no one in sight. Achilles went back inside, to find Ro curled onto the bed, onto one side with back to the wall. He eyed Ro who appeared to be grimacing of pain and groaning loudly. Achilles glared at Ro waiting for the male to acknowledge him. He didn't have long to wait as Ro shifted his gonoid eyes, to look in his direction with pain in them. 
Achilles spoke firmly "Anything else, you want to say?"
He got Ro shaking his head in a no gesture, followed by the male pulling the pillow over his head, held in place, via an arm, as he heard soft sobbing sounds, via his super hearing. He ignored Ro's crying bout, instead, walked out of the room, only to be compelled to stand outside, near the door to his annoyance.
Achilles figured to himself "Manipulating me, again aren't you, Sages?"
He heard nothing to his thought, instead stood and waited impatiently for Walls, to blare into his mind. 
Achilles didn't have long to wait, as Walls blared "Its Walls. Ro from mind scans is thinking of doing anything, to avoid having pain in his back again. He's thinking of doing any order, just to avoid his back, being whipped. The whipping in question causes him to feel like he needs to show his Orca, as you call it, side, out, despite it pains him to refrain it, while in a Human form. Ro always suffers terrible pains, from trying to cut his instincts, to show his Orca side out, from the whipping onto his back. I recommended that you have him whipped harder, next time, enough to form cuts, onto the area. It'll cause him as you Humans say it, hell, on trying to restrain his gonoid side, from coming out."
Achilles bared his teeth in response, only to feel sword pricks all over him, as he shifted his attention from Walls' blaring, to find a High Council member in vicinity. He clamped his mouth shut, only to find the member refused to call off the Soulers, surrounding him, in view. 
Achilles heard via mind "Strike one Achilles."
He bared his teeth in response, while glaring at the Highlander, still hidden by the robes. 
He kept the glare, as the Highlander added "Restrain him now!"
Achilles found the Soulers fading from view, and felt the swords off of poking his body. He glared at the Highlander, finding them, both alone in the hallway. Achilles bared his teeth in a tooth baring glare, while eyeing the Highlander, who mentally gave up his restraint order, only to find it not obeyed. 
Achilles walked up to the Highlander, who appeared to shrink in fear, via voice sounding in his mind "Don't you dare do that sucking onto me!"
He kept his teeth out in response, and once a hand length away, from the Highlander, reached with hands out, yanking the Highlander's hooded robe, covering the head, entirely. He saw with annoyance, a face twin to Ro's, with small eyes but they were brown in fear, and an object firmly onto the top of the Highlander's forehead, like a jewel in golden colored. Achilles leaned forwards and sniffed the Highlander's shoulder, while noticing, pointed ears, sticking out of the black hair, as the male appeared to be more nervous. He didn't say a word in response as he in fast moves, managed to get the Highlander into a lock hold and bit the male's neck, sucking the blood. Achilles found the blood tasted good to him, wound up sucking and sucking, as if compelled, till the Highlander was felt dead in his arms. He once done sucking, dropped the Highlander down onto the floor, ignoring liquid spurting from the wound and wiped his blood stained mouth with his sleeve. 
Achilles sighed and heard "Strike one Achilles."
He formed confusion, hearing the voice of the Highlander, sounding alive and confused he as he shifted blinking his eyes, to find the male, was alive standing nearby him. Achilles bared his teeth in response, only to groan, from pain hitting his arm, stinging terribly. He shifted towards his arm, finding it was bared of cloth and had bite wounds on it, to indicate, he bit his own arm instead of biting the Highlander. 
Achilles formed an all red eyed glare at the Highlander in response, to hear "We can control you and your people, such as I have demonstrated onto you. Don't even think of crossing us, the High Council again. Now go into the room and receive the medical care, you need for biting your arm."
He obeyed stumbling into the patient room, finding medics inside that got him onto a bed and knocked him out, via drugs injected into his neck, him passing out unconscious. 

Chapter Four
Terror found his son, changed the story to focus onto Ro, as if hearing people saying, "What's going on with Ro?" 
He frowned, as he focused onto his son, speaking the story, "Ro, seethed while having the pillow covering his head as he gave up his sounds of pain. He seethed in anger, to cut his painful groaning while gripping the pillow over his head. He fisted his hands, feeling his Orca side, itching to come out, despite it pained him, to resist, keeping it inside him. Ro felt his anger, rising and rising, till he threw aside the pillow, throwing it towards the door of the room, only to find a Souler wearing black armored gear catching it and tossing it aside. Ro glared, with annoyance running through him as the Souler faded from view, into a hidden status, showing a familiar figure of a High Council member from behind. Ro gave up an Hmph, sound loudly and didn't comment a response towards the High Council's Ambassador. He felt his mind scanned, only to find lightening flashing in his mind, as he found his Orca side quit taking control and grimaced, from the feeling of his back stinging in pain. Ro found the door to the room slamming shut, locking him inside with the Ambassador."
He spoke firmly "I did what you ordered me, Ambassador."
He glared at the Ambassador, to hear via his mind, and not via his ears "Anything else, you did in question?"
Ro heard the firmness of the Ambassador's voice tone, spoke firmly "I wound up getting onto the surface and met this Maura on her raft, she appearing to not have an oxygen mask on. I mated with her via force, due to feeling like needing to do it. Maura gave up resistance to the mating but I think I managed to get her to submit, I think her pie hole could use something else. It didn't feel right when I thrust in and out of her."
He clamped his mouth shut to glare at the Ambassador, who cocked his head, followed by seeing in his mind, an image of a pair of Humans mating, he gulped, seeing that their clothes were off their form after a strip show. He gulped when he realized Maura's area, he dubbed pie hole, and he thrust in and out was covered with clothes and blocked him, hence it not feeling right.
Ro groaned loudly and spoke "How was I supposed to know of this?"
Ro glared at the Ambassador who quit showing the images of Humans mating in his mind, followed by hearing "That's why you won't survive while freed from us. You appeared to be clueless on, what to do while freed, according to the Sages monitoring you. The Sages say that you were clueless swimming around in a circle, before resuming a path to the Navy's home, as guided by the Sages, themselves."
Ro glared in response, as he heard a loud howl, grimaced from the noises, he recognized was from a Bloody, in pain. Ro grimaced, as the howling sounded louder and louder to him, till it blared too loud in his ears. He felt confusion hitting him, till it accord to him later, that he was the source of the screaming, to his shock, while asleep in bed, put down by the Sages doing it." 
Terror shifted to focus onto Achilles, out of not willing to focus onto his son, speaking about Ro, despite figuring out, how to see the male Bloody himself, instead of listening to the story. He found Achilles hissed, while coming from the depths of sleepiness and grunted from the smell of blood, hitting his nose, to jerk open his eyes with annoyance running through him, finding Leader Steven standing next to his bed, holding a familiar packet of blood that closed it, cutting off the stink. 
Achilles gave Leader Steven a glare of annoyance running through him, as the male held up his wrist towards his mouth and spoke "Here feed off of me, Nikolas."
He spoke in response, after thrusting aside Leader Steven's wrist "The name is Achilles and not Nikolas and don't forget it. Besides guess what you master did to me-"
He was interrupted "I answer to one Master and don't you forget it Nicky."
Achilles glared at Leader Steven in response, as the male spoke his familiar feed off of me, comment.
He spoke "What's to assure I'm not feeding off my arm this time?"
Achilles glared at Leader Steven who folded his arms in response and stepped aside, showing a High Council member stepping into view that cocked his head, while appearing to be glaring at him. Achilles got an image of himself, feeding off his arm, while appearing to be enjoying it. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and spoke once the image in his mind, quit "What do you expect me to feed off of anyway? My arm?"
Achilles again got a head cock by the High Council member, to again, got another image in his mind of a group of Bloodies with faces bared, feeding off themselves, while appearing to be contained, in a cave from the looks of it. 
He groaned out "You made it clear that we aren't supposed to be feeding off you and your people, hence the arm used for feeding lusts. I can't help it when I'm controlled by the lust to feed."
Achilles heard nothing from Leader Steven, followed by hearing from the High Council member in response "You have my permission to feed off Leader Steven, via his wrist."
He didn't say a word in response, focused onto Leader Steven, who thrust out his wrist, which he took his time gripping and bit, finding the taste seemed familiar to him. He gulped down the blood, he assumed was the liquid, only to discover after a few mouthfuls, that it was cocoa, from the taste and he was sucking onto a nipple, via bottle fed him, he discovered was held by Leader Steven, displaying all black eyes. Achilles forced himself to gulp down the cocoa, despite hating the taste and found his stinging painful arm healing itself, by the familiar feeling of mending involving itching. He kept on drinking the cocoa, till the whole bottle's contents, was consumed and he leaned back against the bed, not saying a word, shutting his eyes. 
"Well Nikolas" He heard from Leader Steven "What do you have to say about the drink hmm?"
Achilles opened one eye, then his other one, and spoke in response "Nikolas? Since when I'm Nikolas? I thought my name was Achilles? What's up with that?"
He glared at Leader Steven, ignoring his arm itching further, who spoke in response "Typical Bloody, with a sarcastic attitude on his own name-"
Leader Steven, he found cut himself off, while looking in another direction and doing a bow while still holding onto the familiar bottle. Achilles looked with disgust finding one of the High Council's Commanders, in view, with long blonde hair and creepy intense all black eyes and a tall muscular form, while clad in familiar green army wear that appeared to stick close to the male's form like second skin. Achilles groaned softly finding the Hunter, as he was referred, despite official title of Commander of the Empire, used to flaunt his leadership to his face. He kept his mouth into a thin line and waited, as the Hunter with arms folded, stood in the room giving him a glare.
Achilles waited for the Hunter to speak, and didn't have long "You goaded Ro to attack a sub, holding, weak, breeding, females in it and then attack them, when they escaped their vehicle into the sea?"
He gave up a sigh in a Human tone, hearing the firmness of the Hunter's voice tone, finding the male was giving him, an all black eyed glare.
Achilles heard from Leader Steven in response "It's just Nikolas, or Nicky here, being bored, enough to cause trouble around here. Don't mind him calling himself via this name of Achilles despite he's Nikolas, from the looks of him."
Achilles sighed again, hearing Leader Steven's sarcastic voice tone, to find the Hunter giving the male a glare, who he noticed bent his head to face the ground. 
He shifted to eye the Hunter, who spoke in response "Anything you want to admit Achilles, as you prefer to be called now?"
Achilles spoke in response, recalling what he did to Ro "Alright I sort of goaded Ro, whining of mating urges including this status of wanting love whatever it is, to use one of the females for his problem. He kept on whining over and over that he was suffering from this problem of being unloved, not sure what it was, and couldn't do anything about it. I'm not sure how well in knowledge he is, involving this weird problem."
He clamped his mouth shut while eyeing the Hunter, who cleared his throat and got from the male "Why are you calling yourself Achilles anyway?"
Achilles gulped and shut his eyes, as memories of himself, born and raised in Terra via name of Nikolas, flashed in his mind, along with one of the last survivors, to survive onto the surface and went underground. 
He opened his eyes realizing that he was Nikolas, and spoke "What did you do to me?"
He glared at the Hunter with accusation, who spoke "Achilles, the original to Terra, died, contained in some Human city, dubbing Janeiro's prison, soon after the death of Nikolas, their leader, despite this weird insult name of Nightwalker used in deity terms. Nikolas and Achilles-"
"That's enough of the explanation now!" He heard blared in his mind sounding of the Sages, speaking together.
He kept the glare aimed at the Hunter who walked out of the room without a word, finding Leader Steven giving off a loud Hmph sound, and jabbed a finger aimed at him, while speaking "Your name is Achilles, despite looking like this Nikolas, at the moment, to anyone who asks. Strikes will be done against you if you correct this joke."
Achilles, he figured he'll take the name gave a head bob in response as Leader Steven faded from view, only to hear a sound of a fist connecting with a body to his confusion, and a loud groan of pain. Achilles frowned while looking towards the door to find Leader Steven appearing from hidden status, bent down groaning, while having hands over his stomach, appearing to be his sensitive part. It made him groan softly seeing that as he found the Hunter walking back into the room with lightening flashing from the male's back. The lightening made him groan further, seeing it as the Hunter, went to Leader Steven to put a hand over the male's head and appeared to be zapping him, who fell to the floor, appearing to be unconscious. Achilles frowned while eyeing the Hunter who walked up towards him, to place a hand over his forehead, he shivered from seeing. 
Achilles spoke as he felt zapping pains hitting his forehead "Just give me a pleasant memory instead of a nightmare one."
Achilles fell unconscious as Terror eyed Leader Steven, lying on the floor who jerked open eyes, twin to All Seeing One, ancient one, dubbed Lance Richard, that were Human blue colored and appeared to be in a trance. He frowned to find a scene of Leader Steven, appearing to come to finding himself, standing on a beach smelling nothing to his nose. He frowned finding the waves weren't moving as he found two figures on the waters, wearing white robes with all red colored eyes, he creep out to see, Terror recognized as the Sages. Leader Steven didn't say a word as there was a hand on his shoulder, which he looked to find a male with his face, wearing a golden crown on top of the head with rubies and having white robes of the figures on the water. 
The male with crown had all black eyes that spoke, Terror recognized who he was, "Remember now."
Leader Steven grunted, bending down groaning in pain loudly, to find himself lying on hard floor from the feel of it, as the dream of meeting the crowned figure flashed into his mind. He recalled fully who he was, including who that crowned male was, a deity dubbed All Seeing One, despite known as Lance Richard, among the High Council and annoyance god. Leader Steven recalled, as if compelled that the High Council sent the Hunter, another servant of them, to erase his memories of seeing Achilles as Nikolas, including doing the same to himself. He felt annoyance, got up from the floor and went to Achilles, as if referring to him, instead of the name of Nikolas. Leader Steven went to stand staring at him as compelled, seeing Achilles was fast asleep and appeared to have fallen asleep. 
He mentally snarled to himself, Terror hearing "I'll do what it takes to obey my god Lance Richard in healing Terra back to normal with or without the help of the Bloodies and the High Council."
Terror sighed hearing the firmness of Leader Steven's voice sounding firm to see that the male was making a vow. He saw that Achilles appeared to ignore Leader Steven's declaration by indicating of him didn't want to wake up despite fidgeting all over.
Terror focused onto his son, who was interrupted "Tell us who Leader Steven really is now!"
His son glared in response, at the speaker, who glared back and heard "Leader Steven sounds like an Osiris doesn't he?" he heard from another speaker.
Terror found himself, in response sitting at the campfire and hearing the chatter talk, via his ears, urging him to keep on speaking the story.
He spoke as if compelled "I do know of an Osiris named Jinks Montreal. You care to hear about that?"
A chorus of yeses answered him, which Terror obeyed to speak his story. 

Chapter Five
The male, dubbed Jinks Montreal, groaned loudly from the pain on his cheek. He grunted as he felt chains onto his wrists. He sighed feeling the Master in control felt his mind scanned in response. He jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at a Slayer, as the Nightwalkers dubbed them, despite the name of Souler used. He gave up a spitting sound, as the Slayer a male, bared his face to him, via manipulation of the mask, with finger tapping. He kept the glare aimed at the Slayer he noticed had Human black eyes, instead of the all sky blue, as known by the species. He kept the glare as he fisted his hands keeping himself silent in response. Jinks glared as the Slayer got onto one knee and kept his slaying weapon sheathed into his scabbard. 
The Slayer spoke, he hearing the male's voice, via ears "Tell me something hmm."
Jinks kept his mouth shut and refused to talk in response, as the Slayer spoke again "If there was a way of healing you of that scar on your face, would you take it?"
Jinks rubbed his scarred cheek in response, with a gloved hand, despite still glaring at the Slayer and again gave up a spitting sound, refusing to talk. 
He got from the Slayer in response "Interesting, considering there's a way, and we'll gladly give it to you for a price tag."
Jinks kept on rubbing his scarred cheek and looked away, he feeling his mood bad again, as the Slayer remained silent. He felt his mood become rage, glared at the walls of the jail cell, he recognized was in the Zesky Asylum, the Slayers' warship, he saw the walls were all white. He kept the glare while eyeing the walls, avoiding looking at the Slayer, till a bright light shined, he finding one of the Slayers' females, dubbed Sora, appeared into view from a hidden status. He didn't need to translate her talk, despite her speaking in an electronic machinery tone of singing beeps, he finding his mind translating for him abruptly.
Jinks heard "Leave him alone now. He's too mad with his grief, of his loss, to bother doing anything. When he's calmer he'll talk."
He gave Sora a glare, to find the Slayer in response, getting up and walking out of the jail cell, leaving him, with the Humanoid angelic being, in a female form wearing a white robe from the chest down with arms, having sleeves on it. He kept the glare as the being gave off a beeping sound, he finding himself unable to translate, despite the beeping sounded of singing to him. Jinks kept on glaring at Sora, who ignored his glare instead appeared to have a thoughtful expression on her face, he figured she was studying him in response. Jinks shifted to look away leaning back onto the padded wall despite chained to it, via hooks and chains. He ignored Sora's singing, he figured was what she was doing as he kept on staring at the walls, till he focused onto one wall and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate, despite Sora's singing, lulling him to sleep-

Terror was interrupted "Enough on this inky Human! What's going on with White Shadow and why is he floating among the disappeared in Humania anyway?"
Groans answered him while hearing the voice repeating the words. Terror shut his eyes and focused as if drawn onto White Shadow he seeing was in Humania appearing to be one of the disappeared speak for dead and was busy helping build a temple for Osiris he saw. Groaning he felt a tap tapping his shoulder glared at the hand's owner finding it pointed behind him he looked. Groaning Terror spoke in response. 

Chapter Six
White Shadow glared at Terror with disgust running through him despite body jumped into this useless body he hated taking control of. 
He could hear the Human's voice within his mind yelling at him "Get out! Go inhibit someone else!"
White Shadow formed a sneer with the Human's lips ignoring the voice he finding Terror as the one with the All Seeing One ability as identified by the Meritanians and their sneezing noises has fallen asleep. He found the Terror's mind was still cluttered with junk as the High Council called it when the Meritanians scanned the male's mind to confirm his All Seeing One ability. He kept the glare only to feel a hand familiar touching his arm he clamped his mouth shut to glare. 
He kept the glare aimed at the female he hearing "Thura hear me! I'm here! Don't you dare hurt me with him inhibiting me!"
White Shadow ignored the body's mental voice as he found the female was a Highlander hybrid dubbed Thura, Tom's chosen mate who gave him an all black eyed glare in response he always getting from her. That despite sensing she could tell that he was inhibiting the body of Mindbender, she called him and had refused to leave him alone or quit displaying her all black eyed look to his disgust. 
He gave Thura a glare who's hand onto his arm became ironclad as she spoke in her creepy voice that always scared him "You should be in bed resting, White Shadow."
He exhaled a breath at her using his actual name despite the body's name of Tom. 
White Shadow glared at Thura in response to make a move to yank his arm out of her hands' grips only to hear her add "Sleep is a must for you as long as you're in this body form. So sleep or I'll knock you out."
White Shadow gave her a glare in response to remove Thura's hand off his arm and stomped to the armchair in the room underneath a spotlight. He thrust himself into the armchair and leaned back with arms clad in clothing indicating his familiar robe despite whatever body he inhibited he'll always shown the form wearing his robed outfit period. White Shadow eyed Terror who remained slumped over appearing to be knocked unconscious. He felt the body's weariness groaned and waved a hand above him to find the light of the spotlight going out followed by darkness, illuminating Terror and spotlight. White Shadow kept his eyes onto Terror seemingly lengthy till he felt a hand touching his forehead that felt of a Highlander's and found his eyes shutting in response he unable to keep them open any longer passed out unconscious-

Terror telling the tale via the eater's warmth stopped and seemed confused by the expression on his face as if not sure of what to say despite finding himself seated in Edenia. Terror frowned visibly and shifted to look behind to find a familiar Human female with golden eyes glaring at him while clad in plant green colored dress she having golden hair with white colored skin. The storyteller, Terror groaned as his groan was echoed among the others. Terror wound up as if compelled recognized the female as Edenia this time in her war fighting mood via her hair changing colors including her skin to indicate it. 
Terror didn't say a word in response as Edenia gave him a glare and got from her "Talk more of your story now!"
Groans were heard among the others as Terror shifted his eyes to look away spoke in response recalling Jinks Montreal's reaction to being contained aboard the Soulers' warship as the species now referred themselves instead of the actual name of Shadonia. 

Chapter Seven
Jinks Montreal woke up from slumber via a dream of himself meeting his familiar female Katherine his wife again she alive and happy to see him. 
He jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora still singing away with accusation within him he thinking to himself "I haven't dreamed of Katherine since White Shadow took possession of me. His possession was on promises that he'll keep away my nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me after returned from a form of being a Charon or Hadean as their referred now."
Jinks heard Sora's beep sounded in a questioningly beep he finding himself translating "What did you say hmm?"
Jinks gave Sora a glare in response and shifted to stare at the floor as he heard a male voice speaking words he shocked to hear himself speaking his thoughts out loud to his shock as if recorded. He glared at Sora in response while rubbing his scarred cheek finding the female resumed her singing beeping noises but this time faded from view. He found the familiar Slayer was back into the room with face bared this time holding a cup in hand. He gave the Slayer a glare as the male without a word kneeled on one knee next to him within arm's distance and uncapped the cup as indicating it a thermos. He glared as his nose smelled a familiar smell making his throat dry from wanting to drink it. Jinks smacked his lips and licked his dry tongue onto the area as the Slayer handed him the thermos he figured was the thing which he grabbed in a fast move. Jinks found himself shifting into his Lance Richard persona as always whenever smelling blood. He shrugged away the persona and forced himself to take his time sipping the cup that held blood from the taste in it. He sighed once he was done sipping it entirely down to toss the Slayer the cup who caught it and capped it. Jinks resumed leaning back against the padded wall ignoring the Slayer sensed staring at him while hearing Sora's beeping become softer but remained. He ignored the Slayer in response who kept up the staring at him only to sense a bright light as Sora appeared into view.
He heard "Leave him now. He'll talk when he's ready."
Jinks didn't comment a response to Sora's talk as the Slayer was sensed getting up and leaving the room while hearing a sound of a door banging shut. He found Sora in the room refused to go away instead kept up her familiar singing. Jinks found himself lulled to sleep by Sora's singing shut his eyes.

Jinks opened his eyes screaming out "Katherine!"
He gasped recalling his nightmare he didn't want to dream was back into his mind was the same as always he could never get it to go away. Jinks groaned from his screaming to feel the chains were off his wrists. He got up in a fast speed move only to find himself alone in the room with Sora floating above that was still giving off her beeping singing. He gave Sora a glare in response that ignored his glare he finding her forming a thoughtful expression on her face. Jinks paced back and forth walking from one end to the room ignoring the door till he felt a compulsion to look obeyed to find the door was open with the familiar Slayer standing in the doorway.
Jinks glared in response as the Slayer spoke "You're wanted out of this jail cell now."
He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response towards the Slayer as he kept on pacing back and forth with the dream of Katherine dying fresh in his mind. He grimaced as he heard Sora's beeping change from singing to comments.
Jinks heard "He was yelling this word 'Katherine' before he woke up."
He gave Sora a glare in response halting his pacing only to find himself surrounded by masked Slayers jabbing weapons aimed at him and gesturing him towards the doorway. He obeyed to walk out finding the unmasked Slayer ordering him to follow. Jinks sensed them followed to find Sora floating behind them who kept on following closely too close to his taste. He ignored Sora and followed the Slayer a maze of corridors, elevators and doorways in the walls he noticed were different from the Zesky Asylum's design and appeared to be alien to him. Jinks frowned as he followed the Slayer to a window in the wall while hearing a loud purring sound he recognized belonged to a large cat dubbed tiger. Jinks peered into the window to find it was a jail cell containing a large white tiger that was rubbing its head against the window in some friendly like behavior. He sighed softly recognizing the tiger belonging to White Shadow by the collar around the female gonoid and her friendly behavior was from sensing him like cats of all sizes always were friendly with him. He sighed again as the tiger kept up the purring and head onto the glass rubbing which he frowned hearing a loud beep noise of Sora.
Jinks frowned as Sora spoke "He understands us speaking to him so no need to translate."
He sighed again to figure that the He, Sora was referring to was himself. 
Jinks frowned as the tiger he recognized was dubbed Misty by White Shadow that kept up the purring behavior ignoring Sora's repeated beeps of "Go away and be friendly with someone else now, animal."
Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Misty ignored Sora's beeping instead looked at him with a pity me look in her golden eyes. He sighed and brought a hand to the window pressing against it as Misty made a motion to rub the area with her head onto the glass and still giving off her purring vibrations. Jinks frowned as he heard a loud ear shattering meow followed by feeling a cat getting onto his shoulder and cat's face rubbing his ear. He removed his hand to fold his arms ignoring the cat and its friendly behavior who gave off softer purring vibrations.
Jinks frowned as he heard from Sora "Must be the one that Barry dubbed Jinks, odd name."
He exhaled a breath to find his arms restrained by Slayers making him annoyed as the cat was yanked off of his shoulder he spotted was an orange ball of fur being carried away by a Slayer. Jinks formed a glare in response as Slayers placed a blindfold onto his eyes and forced him into a circle, he lost track of direction. Jinks frowned as he was forced to move three steps then stopped followed by the blindfold removed. He found himself still accompanied by the familiar Slayer in the Zesky Asylum's room for the dead to be kept preserved that was in the bottom of the boat. He found the area looked the same to him as the Slayer he glared at jabbed a finger down. He obeyed to look gasping of shock loudly seeing a horizontal cylinder tube containing a familiar male he recognized as Barry asleep inside still clad in his familiar clothes while gripping his cane in his hand. Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled feeling himself wanting to speak.
He spoke "Barry. Wonder what happened to him."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while ignoring the creepy voice he used to speak despite the Master in control only to hear a faint chuckle sound from the Slayer. 
He glared at the Slayer as he added "It's not funny."
Jinks got the Slayer giving off a familiar laugh sound before becoming quiet. He looked away towards Barry in the tube only to see himself lying inside with face still displaying the scar. He stiffened seeing himself lying inside with an angry look on his face along with hands fisted off his sides. Jinks stiffened further as the Slayer's form glowed turning into a Sora from the looks. He found himself back into his jail cell contained still chained and shaking sleep from his head as he found a semi circle of Slayers in the room all staring at him. Jinks stiffened from their staring of all showing their faces to him with all blue eyes narrowed in glares he sensed was accusation within them. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he felt the urge to will aside the Master obeyed to do it finding the Slayers backing up and walking away from him some seen going into a hidden status. He found Sora again in the room singing away him finding himself hearing her singing's words to his shock.
"Stop resisting Jinks Montreal. Let them help you with your pain of your loss of Katherine." He heard sung over and over from Sora.
It made him annoyed enough to give Sora a glare and spoke despite the Master not in control "Go sing something else instead!"
Jinks looked away as Sora ignored his comment and kept on repeating her words. He felt himself angry shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate. He found his angry mood refused to leave him. Jinks felt his anger rising within him as Sora kept on singing her repeated words. He after finding his mediation refused to help him opened his eyes to glare at Sora with anger running through him. Jinks willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Sora mentally ordering her to sleep. He found a Slayer appear hitting the floor appearing to be knocked asleep to his annoyance. Jinks looked away with disgust hitting him as Sora gave up a loud vibration that made his teeth chatter via his skull. He grunted an annoyed sound via the vibration only to find himself knocked unconscious by the vibrations' waves too much for him.

Jinks woke up screaming Katherine's name again as he jerked open his eyes while panting hard for breath. He gasped when his nose smelled something familiar to find a male Slayer was seated in a chair mask covering the head entirely while having an object that appeared to be a cane leaning against the male's leg. Jinks frowned as his nose kept on indicating blood to him to find the chaired Slayer cap a thermos and toss it to him which he caught. He recalled the thermos being known for splashing out contents once it was uncapped held it and waited for the liquid to settle. He frowned finding his familiar senses regarding someone was activated to his confusion despite he not sure why. Jinks frowned as the Slayer made a drinking motion via hand to the mouth part of the mask while jabbing a finger aimed at him. He obeyed to uncap the thermos and forced himself to sip the blood he tasted seemed good to him. Jinks sipped the blood entirely then capped the thermos before setting it aside and leaned back against the padded wall. He found the thermos disappearing from sight he figured was taken by a hidden Slayer as he found himself stared unblinkingly by the chaired Slayer. Jinks felt himself uncomfortable by the staring shifted around fidgeting even shutting his eyes. 
He found the staring got too much for him jerked open his eyes and blurt to his shock "Father."
Jinks looked away feeling disgusted with what he said despite displaying it onto his face as he heard silence from the Slayer. He found Sora resumed her singing beeping sounding in the room loudly that got louder and louder to his annoyance. Jinks found himself floating above a body as if drawn to see with shock it was himself lying in a hospital bed while wearing an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He frowned at the vision of himself to see a hand looking familiar come into view to grip his left hand in a gentle grip while seeing nothing of the hand's owner. Jinks blinked his eyes of the vision away to frown finding the familiar chaired Slayer was still there staring at him but this time had a book in his hands and appeared to be reading it. He eyed the book warily he discovered looked old and familiar to him with alien language on the cover. Jinks focused onto the alien language as if drawn to find the letters glow forming his familiar scarred mark to his shock as he felt pain hitting his face to groan loudly. He felt his eyes remained locked onto the book as if drawn as the pain kept on hitting him till he felt something cool against his face that felt like a hand to him rubbing the area. He sighed softly from the hand's rubbing to groan as the pain went away. Jinks looked around focusing his eyes to find Sora was the hand's owner rubbing his head she having a pity expression on her face. 
He grunted yanking his head away from her hand and snarled loudly "Don't touch me!"
Jinks glared at Sora who went to float away from him as he found the familiar chaired Slayer was still in his chair but this time was reading a smaller book via one hand. 
He gave the Slayer a glare only to hear "Your greatest wish? Don't you want it?"
Jinks gave the Slayer a glare hearing the male's voice blaring in his mind as he snarled "Get out of my mind now!"
He looked away only to hear the familiar Slayer's voice repeat over and over in his mind. 
Jinks snarled loudly "I want my nightmares of Katherine's death out of my mind."
He gulped with shock recognizing what he said as he shifted to stare at his feet. 
He didn't comment a response as he heard again "What have you learned from the nightmares hmm?"
Jinks groaned softly as he found himself lulled to sleep shut his eyes while grimacing recalling that he'll always dream Katherine's death as a nightmarish dream. He found his hunch correct this time only to scream out words that shocked him when he woke up in a fast move. 
Jinks gasped of shock hearing himself screaming out "Father help me!"
He found himself repeating the words as he stared at the sitting Slayer he finding the male this time didn't have a book in hand.
Jinks heard from the Slayer in response "Help yourself. Acknowledge what you haven't been acknowledging."
He leaned back to stare at the Slayer in response only to recall a memory as if compelled within his mind it was of his denial regarding accepting his nightmares of Katherine dying in front of him. He recalled as if compelled that he spent an accounted number of time contained in the gym room of his residence ignoring anything around him while crying tears on and off. Jinks recalled what happened next was White Shadow appeared to him via a vision accompanied with the white tiger Misty next to the male.
Jinks shut his eyes forcing himself to recall what White Shadow had said to him "My servant why are you crying as if your heart is breaking?"
He exhaled a breath recalling he had gone to White Shadow to put hands onto the male's robed form and wailed "Make it stop. Make the nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me stop within my mind now. I can't make it go away. I want it to go away. I can't sleep without nightmarish dreams of her dying in front of me."
Jinks opened his eyes as he recalled what happened next was White Shadow's form became ghostly followed by the male heard speaking "I'll make it stop with a price tag."
He recalled what he said "I'll do anything to pay the price. Just as long as you make it stop now."
Jinks recalled it involved his form shifted into slightly a blood drinker despite still able to eat regular Human food. He focused with his eyes to find himself surrounded by Slayers still baring their faces aimed at him some appearing to have a look in their eyes, creeping him out, while sensing some had pity within their expressions. He squirmed underneath their narrowed eyed look as he recalled that White Shadow took control of his body despite displaying a black robed look on his body form. He continued to recall further that Misty wound up disappearing in a light show she giving off a growl sounding of terror to him. 
Jinks kept on fidgeting till he heard "Leave him alone now. He knows what he's done."
He exhaled a breath finding himself relieved to hear Sora's voice as the Slayers faded from eyesight. Jinks found Sora still singing her familiar comment he looked away towards the wall. He felt a hand touching his scarred cheek to gasp looking at Sora rubbing the area including removing her hand to touch the top of his head. Jinks sighed and allowed Sora to touch him who appeared to be curious enough to want to touch his face all over. He ignored Sora's touch as she touched his hand that was on his lap. He frowned as Sora gave his hand a gentle squeeze movement that seemed familiar to him before releasing it to float away with wings not indicating of flapping. Jinks wound up frowned staring at Sora as if drawn, to eye her face, finding she was forming a thoughtful expression while still giving off her familiar beeping noises he feeling relieved to not able to translate. Jinks kept on staring at Sora who ignored him staring at her. He found Sora's form shift into a familiar female to his shock he recognized as Katherine. 
He spoke "Katherine?"
Jinks eyed Katherine whose form became solid to his shock without the Sora form to land at his feet he feeling the bite of the chains holding him into a sitting position despite his efforts to stand up. Jinks frowned while eyeing Katherine who had a sad look on her face with tears spilling from her eyes.
He spoke again "Katherine I'm sorry I couldn't save you. I wish I could have. I loved you too much to let you die in front of me. Hence I always having those nightmares of you dying in front of me. It's me in denial that I should be accepting your death when I'm having a hard time doing it."
Jinks got nothing from Katherine but her robe disappearing from her form followed by her kneeling while holding out a hand and she speaking "Jinks.":
He eyed Katherine despite chained as she he saw was in a boat being taken away by the sea. He found Katherine crying as the ocean pulled her away from him. 
He smelled ocean salt air and spoke loudly "Katherine! I love you! Don't forget that I love you! For I always will!"
Jinks found an ocean wave struck the boat knocking Katherine into the water he kept on repeating his words over and over despite forcing himself to remain on the beach staring at the ocean taking her under. Jinks found darkness overtaking him in response despite he always dreamed of saving Katherine from death within his mind this time he didn't do the saving. Jinks came to feeling a purring vibration that felt too big and loud to be a cat. He groaned softly from the noises while shaking his head as he felt the purring become softer and softer. Jinks frowned finding himself lying on a bed from the feel including an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He felt a hand gripping his right hand in a familiar grip. Jinks frowned jerking open his eyes to find the hand's owner was Barry with all black eyes that gave him a familiar glare he gulped seeing. He spoke the contents of his dream entirely including his words and included the memory of White Shadow taking his body to inhibit. 
Jinks frowned while staring at Barry warily who spoke in his familiar voice "There's one matter of a certain individual that must be removed on a permanent basis with death happening."
Jinks gulped hearing Barry's words finding the male removed his hand out of his hand's grip to gently rub his forehead. He sighed from the touch finding Barry's mouth was in a somewhat smiley look he recognized from the male. 
Jinks sighed and didn't comment a response as Barry added "So good to see you again Jinks."
He sighed loudly and didn't protest as he felt cat paws onto his legs to find a cat settling onto his front giving off purring vibrations that seemed loud to him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke again "The inhibiting by White Shadow left a side effect within you. It involves you able to hear well than normal, as the Fishla call our species, Earthari can hear."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he found Barry was whispering his words as the cat's purring got louder. 
He sighed again and shut his eyes he figuring to himself "I might as well sleep since I need it."
Jinks passed out unconscious to come to hearing Sora's familiar beeping noises. He jerked open his eyes with shock to find Sora floating above him lying in bed while the cat was felt off his front. He frowned while eyeing Sora who rubbed a hand onto his forehead he sighed allowing her to touch. Her touch he felt, felt realistic like a Human hand but seemed warm and softly smoothed skinned. 
Jinks didn't say a word in response as Sora beeped he finding himself able to translate within him "You were tested and it appears you hear more than a normal Earthari does. You seem to have the hearing of a Souler as they refer themselves instead of Slayer as you call them."
Jinks sighed and felt his ears he finding nothing in them and didn't comment a response as Sora forced his eyes shut him hearing her order him to sleep.
Jinks obeyed to pass out unconscious coming to hearing a baby crying noise loudly. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in an odd room that seemed not familiar to him. He looked around discovering himself lying on a mattress bed with a blanket up to his form. He felt his familiar clothes of karate uniform was gone from him and this time he was wearing something unfamiliar. Jinks found his gloves were still covering his hands to his relief. He sat up adjusting the blanket to take a look at himself as he heard a faint alarm sound. He sighed and felt his ears feeling for any devices only to find them empty. Jinks groaned softly he hearing his groan sounding loud to him.
He thought to himself "Ah well I guess I better get used to this."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking explored the room to find a bathroom with a full length mirror on the wall. Jinks eyed himself discovering he was clad in Fishla's Leadership clothes he shocked to know what it was, which was considered black pants, black shoes and a brown top with black stripe on it including a broach on his left he examined. Jinks frowned hearing the sound of a door opening along with an Hmph sound. He left the bathroom to find a female wearing getup that considered of some grey nurse's uniform that spoke loudly he forcing himself to avoid grimacing from the loudness of her voice.
He heard "Alright get out of here, Mister Leader. Leaders Lave and the kids are waiting for you in the hallway outside medical bay."
Jinks frowned but walked passed the nurse he hearing a good riddance comment to his annoyance. He frowned but easily found the medical bay's entrance to find a Souler he figured he'll refer them standing outside in the hallway that gave him a salute of respects. Jinks frowned but walked out to meet a male Fishla with a head appearing to look like a humanoid fish despite Human blue eyes that looked him up and down him hearing a sound of throat clearing noises from the male. 
Jinks spoke "Your Leader Lave as referred? Where are the kids the nurse referred to?"
He frowned as felt a foot stomp onto his foot in an angry move to look down seeing two Earthari he figured he'll refer the Humans standing below his height and appeared to be on the short side both giving him all black eyed glares. Jinks sensed the Master in control willed it aside and again heard Leader Lave's familiar throat clearing noises. 
He spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave he found the male was taller than him appearing to be Tom's height "I have too many names said to me in my face as my identity but one name I prefer above all is Jinks. Don't give me jokes on it rhyming with inks or inky. I hate that and I always threw a hissy fit enough to react violently with my fists."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave he forced to look up towards the male him finding himself not afraid as usual. 
Jinks frowned as Leader Lave spoke "You're whispering your words Jinks."
He heard the firmness of Leader Lave's voice spoke firmly "My hearing I'm told isn't normal Earthari hearing standards. Instead it's better than any normal Earthari unless that's bragging."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Nevertheless come with me while I show you around here the place Annoyov Barack Station."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed Leader Lave sensing the two kids he figured were leaders too taking up the rear. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself as he followed Leader Lave "This is going to be interesting-"

Chapter Eight
Terror was interrupted "What happened to Terror in question?"
Groaning loudly he spoke in response ignoring the speaker speaking the question. "Terror came from the depths of sleep hearing a loud singing noise within his mind. He shook his head of sleeping status as the singing persisted. The noise was insisting to him to wake up as he felt his stomach complaining of pain to his shock. He heard a sound of something shattering followed by feeling a hand grabbing his hair from the top of his head forcing his face to look up. "
Terror felt annoyance take hold as he jerked open his eyes to find Tom was the hand's owner who snarled "Now concentrate onto the Slayers' sea vessel!"
He exhaled a breath finding Tom's form shifting into its familiar bony look including extended jaw from the mouth with fanged teeth making him gulp. He felt his mind scanned shut his eyes to focus onto the familiar sea vessel he figured was it was called. He kept on focusing onto it despite repeated words of focus said in his mind. Terror obeyed to do it to find himself focusing onto a deck holding a familiar animal to his shock as he heard a loud gasp sounding in his mind. Terror focused onto the animal he unsure of what it was that was pouncing around onto the deck of the boat and was picking up a ball he confused to see and was noisily chewing it. It was before seeing people looking odd via their faces going up to the animal and giving it food via a bowl as he kept on hearing gasping sounds within his mind. He frowned as the animal ate the food before playing a game of chase the ball and chewing onto it repeatedly. Terror felt annoyance take hold seeing the animal was furry and had fur colors of white with black stripes and was giving off a loud purring sound to his confusion. 
Terror heard blared in his mind "Blast! The Slayers have corrupted Misty with feeding her food she wants instead of giving her a diet! Blast them! One way or another I will have Misty back into my hands!"
Terror frowned hearing that words sounded in his mind as he opened his eyes to glare at Tom with annoyance who released his hold onto his hair and walked out of sight. He followed Tom's process to another chair that appeared to be padded to sit down leaning back with arms folded. He frowned as beings he saw had Humanoid shapes of black scaly skin and all black eyes and black hair with pointed ears and white faces appeared from an apparent hidden status with no sounds. Terror frowned as the beings appeared to be fawning over Tom in some pathetic pleading way and seemed to be upset to him. 
He frowned as the beings were heard speaking "Slayers destroyed yes? Destroy sea ship destroy Slayers? Let Misty die to destroy Slayers."
Terror frowned while eyeing Tom as the beings repeated their words only to find the male getting up in a fast move giving off a loud roaring noise of anger. He gave Tom a glare finding the beings disappeared via sight to his confusion but he sure that they went hidden. Terror glared at Tom with annoyance running through him-

Terror himself was interrupted by a clap of thunder and lightening flashing above the listeners. 
Terror spoke firmly "That means bed for you all-"
He got interrupted by an ahem noise he noticing one of the listeners was jabbing a finger in a direction he sighed a Human sound despite the species now called Earthari. He looked behind him to spot Edenia still displaying her war form that had arms folded that gave him a glare. 
Terror sighed again recognized the look on her face was speak for "Tell the story now!"
He obeyed to speak "Terror glared at Tom with annoyance running through him-"
He was interrupted "What about White Shadow's disappearance?"
Groaning loudly Terror changed the story and spoke in response. 

White Shadow felt disgust taking hold over the fawning by the Nightwalkers the Humans dubbed Elves species for Highlanders that drank blood off living beings not sparing their own species. He sat down and leaned back in the armchair while eyeing Terror who kept on giving him a glare with eyes turning all white making him nervous unexpectedly.
He got from Terror in response "Forgiveness? Do you want it? Confess your crime."
White Shadow gulped and found himself compelled to speak he blurting to his shock "I want Misty back. I'll do what it takes to get her back to me alive and unharmed."
He felt disgust take hold shut his eyes while rubbing a hand over them. He felt pain hitting him abruptly to frown from the feeling.
White Shadow heard blaring in his mind "Their drinking from you, you idiot!"
He removed his hand and jerked open his eyes to find the Nightwalkers had succeeded on getting him into a standing position unaware and had mouths onto his form all over. He heard growling noises from the Nightwalkers making him nervous abruptly as he realized with a start that his words he blurt was understood by them who were furious to hear it. He gulped and found the Nightwalkers' mouths remained ironclad onto his form to his annoyance. White Shadow tore himself free from the body and floated above finding the Nightwalkers managed to drop feeding off the body and instead had faded from sight. He sighed and resumed himself back into the body only to feel himself drained of his blood again to his annoyance. White Shadow looked around and found a female nearby he recognized as Thura, as dubbed looking upset with eyes having anger in them. He tore himself out of the body of the male and went to Thura, she giving resistance to being inhibited by refusing to will aside her creepy ability. 
White Shadow managed to take control using a threat to Thura "I'll resume inhibiting my former body and have him sucked to death by the Nightwalkers."
Thura, he got in response "Good riddance! Take control if you want!"
He sighed finding himself in control of Thura's body only to feel the familiar pain of being sucked by Nightwalkers that appeared to anticipate him and what body he was inhibiting to his annoyance. He kept up the body inhibiting various manoids all over the place ignoring the Nightwalker species only to find himself sucked by them. White Shadow felt disgust take hold and without a word floated away towards the Slayers' sea vessel towards Misty still playing on the deck. He felt annoyance take hold as he found the Slayers seemed to have detected him floating around by arming their slaying weapons in their hands and looking around. He went to Misty to wrap arms around her he relieved to have her back to him. Only to find Misty wasn't his Misty instead was a male gonoid that was looking twin to Misty to his shock. He found the male gonoid in response kept on growling angrily towards his attempts to hug. 
White Shadow without a word floated into the sky he feeling himself shocked to think "Misty, I'll see you again at the rainbow bridge. I always will love you remember that."
He found nothing in answer to his words as he found himself floating into the sky and out of Planet Aire towards the green moon that sat orbiting it with another planet nearby-

Terror heard a loud Hmph sounding behind him shifted to glare at Edenia and spoke firmly "I'm just telling the story as I've seen in my mind actually. Don't blame me for my All Seeing One ability always makes me see whatever I'm granted to see via planets doing it."
He glared at Edenia who shifted into another form of again a Human female with tanned skin and dark colored hair he recognized was dubbed by the Earthari color of brown. He sighed seeing Edenia's form was of peace this time who kept on giving him a glare in response. 
Terror sighed again and spoke "Alright where did I leave off before that interruption?"
He got from the listeners various Humans all with brown black hair in long lengths with white skin and golden eyes chorus of "Tell us what happened to Tom after White Shadow left!"
Terror sighed again and spoke in response. 

Chapter Nine
Tom came from the depths of sleep feeling hung over like he had drunk too much alcoholic drinks and was groggy. He rolled over while lying in bed only to feel hands forced him to lie onto his back followed by straddled by a familiar naked female form he sighed from the feel. Tom sighed loudly while jerking opening his eyes as he eyed the hybrid Highlander female dubbing herself Thura, who gave him one of her creepy, smiles before sinking herself down onto his sensitive part. He rolled his eyes from the feel as the female, Thura, proceeded to mate with him. He sighed once he spilled himself inside Thursday he dubbed her instead of Thura, he didn't protest as she removed herself off him and thrust the blanket up to his chest. Tom rolled over shutting his eyes feeling relieved to be back into his body. He sighed as he heard a loud meow only to feel a cat jumping onto his side as if pouncing onto a laser toy that Elisa habitually played onto him to make him wake up. Tom rolled onto his back as the cat he recalled was dubbed Sam an all black cat that resumed her pouncing. He sighed and jerked open his eyes finding himself no longer hung over but better rested as Elisa in view, clad in her familiar clothes of a Master Organization dress of blue, clicked off the laser's pointer. 
Tom groaned and moved his hands to sign "How long was I out asleep?"
He sighed as he eyed Elisa who spoke "One Earthari week."
Tom signed "Earthari? What kind of name is that for a planet when its weird name of Aire?"
He frowned as Elisa gave him an all black eyed glare making him gulp followed by her speaking "Earthari is the accepted name that the species visiting Aire have named us Humans. Get up. Get used to it. The Nightwalkers are throwing a hissy fit at the moment on account of not having a leader to lead them despite you pointed into leadership by the Meritanians insisting on it."
Tom groaned and signed "Meritanians? What's going on with your God not around to tell us their playing jokes as usual?"
He grunted as Sam made another pouncing game onto his front by Elisa's laser. He sighed and sat up in response to grab the cat into a tight ironclad hold who squirmed in protest. 
He gave Elisa a glare who spoke in response "Just get up and take a look in the mirror while you're at it."
Tom obeyed to get up from the bed dumping Sam onto the area who gave up a loud meow followed by seeing the cat scratching her ear. He ignored Sam to go to the mirror to peer at himself to gasp of shock loudly seeing his eyes were golden colored, entirely golden, and no longer Human black colored as he sensed something making them like that. 
Tom signed towards Elisa recalling White Shadow's possessive of Jinks "Don't tell me that my eyes have something to do with this leadership bit."
He glared at Elisa via mirror as she walked up to him while tossing aside the laser onto the bed. He heard an excited meow to ignore while shifting to look at Elisa, who went up to him and kissed him on the lips while putting a hand onto his scarred cheek. Tom kissed back while ignoring Elisa's hand onto his scarred cheek. He sighed when she broke off the kiss and rubbed the area he forcing himself to shut his eyes to push his face into her hand despite she not Victoria like he wanted. 
Tom sighed loudly as he heard from Elisa "The Meritanians regarding Tank and Merra actually have clearly said that the Nightwalkers have a strong intelligence from what's right and what's wrong. They have refused to accept leadership from the Highlanders instead have been saying its wrong over and over. Not to make them upset further despite sensing them around hiding. I think the Meritanians were indicating on who the Nightwalkers trust to handle leading them. Hence they insisting on you here to handle them. I think they trust you enough to handle that job."
Tom sighed again loudly as Elisa's hand left his cheek which he opened his eyes to find her walking to the dresser in the metallic room and began tossing clothing towards him he caught. He noticed to his shock outlines of figures highlighted by lines gathered around him while having his eyes golden, that made him think they were the Nightwalkers in hiding but decided not to push his luck on seeing if his hunch was correct. Tom put on his clothes and found Elisa amusing the cat via laser, as he found outlines managed to get out of the way of her walking all over the room she appearing to not see them. He frowned as Sam got onto his shoulder and rubbed her face onto his ear. He sighed despite clad in his familiar Highlander wear of black pants and a top involving a grey stripe on it which he didn't protest as Elisa ordered him to sit and get his hair brushed. Tom sighed and obeyed finding Elisa brushing his hair as he eyed himself through the mirror. 
He didn't comment a response to the lack of showering in the room he figured to himself "She must have me bathe while I was in bed asleep." 
Tom heard nothing in response to his thinking as he felt his mind scanned abruptly while sensing it belonged to the Meritanians but wasn't sure which one. He frowned as Elisa grabbed a hair band from the dresser and was busy braiding his long hair. 
He sighed as he heard in his mind "It's Tank. Tell Elisa that her God, Horus is alright. He's detected living on the Annoyov Barack Station as the visitors to Aire call it. He's one of the peacekeeping forces dubbed Leaders by the Fishla species for creating them. The Nightwalkers managed to gain entrance inside the station and are being kept in line by Horus himself using his Lance Richard sucker persona as their leader of them actually. That's all I can tell you since Breaker is yelling at me to shut up. A pity."
Tom sighed and repeated Tank's words using the words Tank says via hand language despite Elisa deaf to hear him. He found Elisa giving off an hmm sound in response he figured she was distracted by braiding his hair.
He sighed once she declared him done followed by her adding "Anyway my God's the type to make people including Nightwalkers listen to him in peaceful terms while he's on the Annoyov. Believe me he's used that persona for getting what he wants. Don't worry about him."
Tom sighed and recalled the male with the All Seeing One ability dubbing himself Terror as if compelled-

Terror was interrupted "Tell us what happened to Terror now!"
He felt annoyance take hold he sensing Edenia was sitting next to him on the log that tapped her hand onto his leg he felt despite wearing gonoid skin clothes she disgusted to touch at first meeting. Terror eyed Edenia who kept the peaceful Human appearance and quit her tapping while ignoring her disgust to his furry clothes. He sighed as the Hayu, as the listening Humans were dubbing themselves other than looking Human in appearance kept on their chorus. Groaning Terror spoke in response once the Hayu quit their noises. 

Chapter Ten
Terror felt himself falling backwards from the chair to land onto metallic ground with a loud grunt sound as memories of who he was spilled into his mind. He gave up yell of terror from the memories. He heard a siren like noise sounded cutting off his yelling. He cut his yelling as the siren quit as if turned off to frown shaking his head of the dizziness and loudness of the noise. Terror groaned and without a word sat up from the ground finding himself back on the Annoyov Barack Station in the medical bay with a glaring Alexa holding up a remote device in her hand with a glare of accusation in her eyes. 
He glared at her and straightened up his form while snarling "I've been busy detained so spare me the lecture of appearing out of no where in your medical bay setting off alarms. Excuse me while I see myself out!"
Terror made a walk towards the medical bay doors only to bang into them while finding them remained shut. He leaned against the doors with a hand to find Alexa jabbing a finger down the hallway where patient rooms were with a throat clearing noise. He groaned and didn't comment a response towards Alexa instead went to a patient room he noticing a blanket pile lying on the floor nearby that appeared to have a shock of hair that made him think if belonged to Yana. Terror didn't get a chance to investigate for Alexa pushed him into the room and slammed the door with a bang sound. He grimaced from the banging noises she made into the room followed by her thrusting him a small plastic canister he clutched. 
Terror frowned as she spoke "Go into the expelling room and perform your duty mating wise with that. Make sure the sample is a good one."
He gaped at Alexa who gave him an all black eyed glare of a Telepath in response which he sighed and went into the bathroom.
He speaking loudly, ignoring she could hear him "What planet am I on anyway for this to happen?"

Terror came out of the bathroom still holding the canister to Alexa who snatched it out of his hand and got from her "You'll find the Commander on the floor underneath blankets processing a fast growth pregnancy."
He gaped at her and recalled the blanket pile along with her hair, darted out of the room towards the blankets, only to get held back by hands pulling him away despite his attempts to get near her. He found the hands' owner was a Gate Destroyer he recognized despite the male had no head of hair who refused to budge keeping him away. 
Terror glared at the Gate Destroyer who spoke "Nurse said to keep anyone away from her. And let no one touch her. Nothing you can do now. Just get out of here. Don't worry. I'll let someone know once she's birthed the offspring. Leave now."
Terror groaned and without a word walked away towards the medical bay's entrance to find Alexa coming out of a room with disgust on her face despite not displaying her familiar black eyed look. 
Terror glared at her and spoke "When was someone going to tell me results-"
He got interrupted by Alexa "You males are horrible when it comes to mating wise. Yuck. No wonder I prefer females to males. You're disgusting with that mating thing including disgusting with that crappy stuff you left for me to test."
Terror felt his familiar odd sense going off spoke as if compelled "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess your crime."
He glared at Alexa who appeared to gulp followed by her speaking "I prefer females when it comes to mating rituals to males. It's on an account of being used as a mating object since I was a child, for males to get their mating urges done. I hated males and their way of mating as a result. I still prefer females over males when it comes to mating urges being done."
Terror spoke in response seeing Alexa's eyes turn all black "Your right. We males are disgusting. Excuse me."
He breezed by Alexa who ignored him as he went to the entrance and walked out nearly tripping over a Tennan drone who gave up a cat's behavior of purring sounds including rubbing her head onto his legs. He sighed to eye the drone in response that gestured him to follow via head moves. 
Terror groaned and thought to himself "Well no rest for me from the Queen. Might as well see what she wants."
Terror followed the drone through the hallway only to hear a screech from it followed by climbing up the walls via four foot method and disappeared into the air ducts. He frowned as he glimpsed T'La and D'Clan hiding above him that shut the entrance to the air duct in a fast move. He frowned to spot a glowing sign on the wall next to him nearby to find hands pawing his back he spun around only to feel the hands remained onto his back. 
Terror spoke loudly "Quit pawing me with that game of yours and show yourself now."
He felt the pawing quit followed by a familiar being, he recognized as an Elf that appeared to look sinister, giving him creepy feelings, despite all black eyes appear into sight in front of him with arms folded, in a squealing sound. He spoke his familiar line involving forgiveness to his annoyance to find the Elf clamping a hand over his mouth cutting him off mid talk.
Terror removed the Elf's hand and spoke "Excuse me."
He made a motion to walk around the Elf only to find the male was joined by another Elf another male blocking his way. Terror glared with annoyance running through him as he found himself surrounded by Elves with their creepy black eyes and found them sniffing him all over with their noses in some dog behavior and weren't sparing his sensitive part. 
Terror felt disgust take hold spoke loudly "I'm not for you to sniff me all over like a dog! So get to the point of this you stinking Elf!"
He got shrugs from the Elves in response followed by them baring fanged teeth and appeared to try to bite him despite him giving resistance repeatedly. Terror kept up the resistance till the Elves succeeded to get their mouths all over him and felt himself in pain from their bites even through his furry clothes. 
Terror grunted as he felt sucking feelings from the beings he figured to himself "Drat their the Nightwalkers that I keep on hearing about. Idiot! You had to insult them by the word Elf didn't you? Ugh!"
He grunted as he heard a loud whistle blast found the Nightwalkers giving off snickering sounds in response followed by licking the bite wounds then disappeared from his eyesight as he found the familiar glowing sign on the wall gone. He shook his head of dizziness to wobble only to feel hands strong grabbed his arm in an ironclad grip. Terror as he struggled with the hands' owner, despite memory of bird head men grabbing his arms and with blurry speed, got him into the garden to be dumped onto Tom and his people flashed in his mind. 
"Stop that now! You're bound to make your wounds open if you struggle. I got to get you to medical bay for you to sleep this off. So come with me since you're too drunk to walk." He heard from the voice sounding familiar to him in an angry voice tone.
Terror frowned at the words and angry voice tone, but obeyed feeling himself not resisting to being pulled in the hallway. He sighed, shutting his eyes and forced himself to be blind due to dizziness. He didn't comment a response as the voice's owner got him into medical bay he grimacing from the siren sounds sounding loudly to indicate new visitor arriving. Terror jerked open his eyes as he felt a hand patting his cheek as the sirens quit. He eyed the hand's owner was belonging to a male appearing to be Human, with a Kang scar on his cheek in some faded method, while wearing an uniform of a Leader, including with the familiar watery broach included. 
He frowned as the male a Leader held up his hand and spoke "So tell me how many fingers up do I have hmm?"
Terror obeyed to raise his hand he feeling his dizziness overtaking him and slumped into a kneeling pose. He found the Leader with great strength shocking him got him up to stand followed by pulling him further into medical bay. 
He groaned from his knees itching to kneel as the Leader got him onto the floor and thrust his eyes shut while speaking loudly "Just go to sleep now. You need it."
Terror obeyed surrendering to the urge to sleep which he passed out unconscious.

Chapter Eleven
Terror paused from talking to eye the sky finding daylight was soon arriving. He grunted as he felt an elbow into his front of his gonoid skin top he finding Edenia next to him giving him her war appearance. 
He sighed and got from Edenia hissing "Just tell the story now. I didn't say that you could stop, Airhead."
Groaning to the name of Airhead which was Edenia's official insult name of Planet Aire's natives, he kept on speaking the story despite the sun glimpsed rising above the horizon. He kept on finding the Hayu were appearing to be paying attention to him and were insisting on him to speak the story by their words echoing Edenia's. 
He groaned and without a word kept on speaking the story fully this time focused onto Jinks. 

Jinks stood standing over the male clad in furry skin clothes, he saw, appeared to be like second skin to him but were easily removed off him like cloths. He discovered Tennans as Leader Lave warned him, dropping from above and growling angrily who adjusted the male's clothes covering him fully before making their shooing gestures. He sighed and went to the Commander to find a Gate Destroyer appear in sight blocking his way while giving him a golden eyed glare and jabbing a finger in the direction of the medical bay's entrance. He sighed as he cocked his head and forced himself to listen to the Commander's heartbeat. He heard it beating strongly along with a rapid fired beating sound he figured was from the baby inside her. Jinks got a gentle push from the Gate Destroyer distracting him which he walked away in response and without a word went to the entrance to medical bay walking out, only to find the familiar two Leaders, that always creep him out seeing them, standing in the hallway with arms folded and glares on their faces. 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the glares they gave him were speak for "You did something wrong so admit it."
He sighed and moved his hands in the female's dubbing herself T'La's hand language "Alright Alexa I guess is her name got wind that I was controlling the Nightwalkers living here. She made a deal with me on having Nightwalkers get free eats which is free blood via donations if I direct them to suck on victims who she approves of it. She wanted the Nightwalkers to suck this guy dubbing himself Terror unsure of why he's called that. Not too much sucking just enough to make him fall asleep for awhile. She's still mad that the Commander is stuck in her offspring production that she blames Terror for the cause making it seem he's the father of her offspring."
He frowned forming a frown with his lips once he done signing to get from T'La cocking her head in some gesture that said "You're hiding something so admit it."
Jinks groaned softly seeing that the two weren't budging on getting him to admit what they wanted him to admit. He raised his hands to sign only to feel a glowed hand clamp over them he saw belonged to a Souler who shook his head in some Human no gesture. Jinks frowned while eyeing T'La to see her stomp her foot in response followed by D'Clan her declared brother looking nervous. He sighed as the Souler removed his hand and resumed position in the hallway. 
He eyed D'Clan as he recalled that T'La's foot stomp was spoken for "Quit scaring me."
Jinks frowned while eyeing brother and sister as D'Clan jabbed a finger aimed at him making him nervous while giving him a glare and got from the young male "Whatever secret you have don't expect to keep them hidden. We'll find out period."
Jinks frowned as T'La with D'Clan without a word walked away the sister had arms folded and looking disgusted by the expression on her face when she glanced his way. He felt the familiar pawing onto his back he recognized was from the hidden Nightwalkers trying to calm him down from an angry upset mood. Jinks exhaled a breath and folded his arms while forcing himself to be calm from the pawing of the Nightwalker pawing his back till he looked to find a Souler was doing it to his shock. He exhaled a breath while frowning staring at the Souler walked away fading from sight. Jinks frowned but didn't comment a response as he eyed the remaining Souler warily.
He heard blared in his mind "Some of your people are serving us, Leader."
He exhaled a breath and got a gesture to move, by the Souler he stared at gesturing via sword. 
Jinks without a word walked away thinking to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
Jinks heard nothing in answer to his words instead figured to himself "Eh? It's just a secret I'll have to learn on my own."
He walked away into the hallway meeting T'La and D"Clan both in a rapid fire sign language chat he breezed by them they giving him glares in response pausing their chats. He ignored them and walked away only to feel a compulsion to go into a direction which he obeyed finding himself led to the Command Center. Jinks found Leader Lave in the room appearing to be in the middle of directing operations of the station he stood in the doorway with arms folded. He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave seemed haggard to him while still directing Earthari. 
Jinks frowned as he walked into the room to pay attention to Leader Lave's orders he figured to himself "I might as well see if I can help him out."
He found Leader Lave accepting his takeover to find the Fishla sitting down into a chair and appeared to be snoozing away which he kept up the ordering firmly letting the male sleep as long as he wanted-

Terror was interrupted "What about the baby this Terror fathered in question, Airhead?"
He gave the spoken Hayu a glare in response only to feel Edenia's hand tapping his leg which he sighed and spoke in response. 

Chapter Twelve
Terror woke up from his dizziness feeling himself much better rested. He sighed when he heard groaning noises sounding of a female in pain to him. He jerked open his eyes to find Yana lying across from him squirming and moaning in pain loudly while she was appearing to be shaking sleep from her eyes. 
He darted towards her to place a hand onto her cheek as she jerked open her eyes while groaning out "Why do I have a feeling to push something within me?"
Terror sighed and recalled what she was speaking and without a word heard her gasp loudly he hearing her adds "What kind of pregnancy did you throw me in?"
He groaned softly and heard a Gate Destroyer's roaring noise making him grimace. He kept on grimacing as he found the noise cut followed by Alexa came out of a room to dart towards him and Yana. 
Terror didn't say a word as Alexa ordered "Get behind her and hold her up now, Terror!"
He obeyed to do it as Alexa removed the blankets he seeing Yana was naked and had a swollen abdomen while hearing the nurse giving instructions to push. He frowned as Yana obeyed to Alexa's orders till a squealing cry of a baby was sounded loudly followed by her collapsing into his arms. Terror groaned as Yana's elbow hit him in the sensitive part. He grunted as he felt Yana kept on hitting him repeatedly followed by her getting up giving him a glare of accusation despite her naked form for all to see. He ignored her naked form to find Alexa thrust the baby he saw was a male with Telepath eyes onto Yana who clutched without a word. 
Terror sighed as Yana kept on glaring at him as he heard Alexa speaking "He's the responsible party for your fast growth pregnancy and baby being a Telepath and a male. I tested him and results prove positive for him."
He grunted as Yana's foot connected with his sensitive part he groaned to rub a hand onto it followed by Yana snarling "I agreed to this pairing on the account of you fathering an offspring through me. I don't care for males mating wise. Including that stinking pregnancy you put me through. I prefer females when it comes to mating with them. So I wish you were out of Annoyov Barack Station and elsewhere perhaps onto another planet would do!"
Terror groaned softly as Alexa took Yana's arm while speaking "Dear, dear don't mind that intruder. Come with me while we find someone suitable to raise this idiot's baby. Males are disgusting, yuck."
He groaned as he found Yana speaking "You an Airhead as the Fishla call people who prefer same sex mating wise like I am?"
He walked away preferring not to hear Alexa's reply while groaning loudly as he rubbed himself from where the Commander he figured he'll refer her from now on had kicked him. He removed his hand once he reached the doors' vicinity and walked out into the hallway. 
Terror sighed and thought to himself "I might as well go to the garden. I got nothing to do here except please the Tennans' Queen on having an egg inside me."
He walked a route to the garden he avoiding taking routes that went into the trading center he recalled various manoids avoiding him including refusing to be near him.
Terror recalled fully "Their avoidance is to avoid having to speak secrets to me publicity. Seems word got out around here that whenever someone has a secret and meets me will find themselves blabbing it for all to here in my presence."
He went to the garden finding four drones gathered around the entrance that blocked his way of getting inside. 
He frowned as one drone spoke "Leave now! Queen sick you!"
Terror sighed hearing the drone's comment that indicating the Queen was fed up with having him serve her. He walked away and found his feet led him to the shuttle receiving area as people made avoidance to be near him. He saw that they had fearful expressions on their faces. Terror found a Souler jabbing a finger aimed at him and jabbing it towards the docking bay. He groaned and without a word walked outside into the sunshine to find a shuttle sitting on the dock while finding the Harbormaster as he's referred giving him a glare.
Terror didn't comment a response as the Harbormaster spoke "That shuttle is for you to fly yourself anywhere you want to go. Just as long as you leave the station. Secrets should be good and buried and no seek the light of the day."
He groaned and without a word went into the shuttle and found it on autopilot via Eli the computer mind which he peered out the window lost in thought as the thing flew up in the air. He felt himself weightless found the shuttle was flying out of the planet. 
Terror spoke loudly "Eli what's my destination?"
Terror frowned as he heard "Not programmed to answer."
He groaned and leaned back in the seat with a frown as he peered out the window and watched as the shuttle went to the green moon floating in space. He heard nothing in response to warning beacons put on Luna warning visitors not to visit the moon world due to quarantine sickness and death. Terror frowned as he found the shuttle entering Luna as dubbed by the natives of the station in Planet Zarghuna aka Aire. He peered out the window warily only to feel the shuttle break apart all over him followed by feeling himself floating in air to land with a beeline towards the ocean that was looking red colored. He found a light flashed followed by something resembling claws grabbing him via a leg and flying him away from the red ocean. Terror found himself toted by a scaly animal he recognized as a Dragon despite unsure of how he knew of it. He kept on eyeing the Dragon who flew him over the red ocean till she reached land and then dropped him into a pool of yellow water. Terror discovered the water was sand as he landed with a thump. He got up and found a forest jungle surrounding the beach as figures came into view he saw were after an introduction were the Hayu.

Terror himself cut himself off from talking to frown staring at the eater as Edenia and natives called fire. He frowned as he felt the familiar tapping onto his leg to groan softly. 
Terror removed Edenia's hand off his leg and continued speaking "Anyway after introduction to the Hayu, Terror learned the world was dubbed Edenia with life living on it. He learned that the beacons on the moon world were put in place as a scare tactic to keep nosey people out of it. That's the end of the story-"
He was interrupted "Tell us another story, Terror!"
Groaning softly he eyed Edenia who spoke in response "What have you learned from the story hmm, Terror?"
He sighed as the Hayu remained silent staring at him unblinkingly. 
Terror groaned and spoke firmly "I'm the Forgiver what do you expect?"
He glared at Edenia feeling his mood plummet further only to get her displaying her war look followed by her getting up and walking away while hearing thunder and lightening flashing above. Terror found the Hayu gathered around him had scattered away into the jungle appearing to be hiding. He found one of the Hayu remained that was dressed oddly in all black clothing that appeared to be scaly despite a jacket seen from the male's chest. Terror frowned as the male spoke "Dictator is my name. Don't ask why I have that name other than I'm used to dictate orders to people. Hence this jokey name used."
Terror spoke in response his familiar line involving forgiveness only to clamp a hand over his mouth he feeling himself annoyed with what he said. He found himself repeating the line only to hear nothing from Dictator that refused to speak instead remained silent staring at him with narrowed golden eyes. 
Terror frowned as he spoke after a lengthy silence from Dictator "Why aren't you saying anything? I always get people to talk even when I spoke that damned line involving forgiveness.'
He clamped his mouth shut he feeling annoyed with what he said as he eyed Dictator who spoke in response "I spoke my confession but I didn't use words for it. I used my mind to speak it instead. You should be encouraging people to think with their minds instead of speaking it out loud via voice. It sucked having to restrain myself from blurting out what I wanted to say."
Terror groaned and spoke "You want me to tell people off that whenever I spoke that stupid line of forgiveness to not say anything to me?"
He clamped his mouth shut to find Dictator speaking "Well what else could you say towards people whenever you say that line of yours, you hate?"
Terror spoke firmly "I could have said I don't want to hear it, so shut up, right?"
He frowned eyeing Dictator who spoke in response "Aw get up and jump and pilot that shuttle out of here now. Return, Airhead."
Terror exhaled a breath and without a word jumped up to a tree branch as he found himself compelled to do it. He jumped from tree branch to branch till he reached the tallest branch. Terror frowned and without a word jumped up into the air to find himself back into the shuttle it forming all around him as he found himself sitting in the thing's seat. He grunted and forced himself to maneuver the controls flying it out of Edenia towards the planet Aire, he recognized from eyeing it via the window. 
He piloted the shuttle towards the station on the planet to hear on the radio "Identify yourself now!" 
Terror eyed the station glimpsed via the ground's barren landscape, shining brightly of white, in the sun spoke firmly after switching on the radio "I don't want to hear what damned secret you have. Just as long as you grant me permission to land this shuttle onto the Annoyov Barack Station now. Excuse me for saying my stupid line involving forgiveness. I'm sick of hearing secrets blared onto me. I'm not a library for secrets to be kept in so give me permission to land."
Terror heard in response his familiar line he shut off the radio in response and grunted out loud "Damn it! Must I wreck things up with my forgiveness line?! This is ridiculous!"
He felt the shuttle lurch onto one side only to see the radio's light blinking which he jerked it on and spoke loudly "I said I don't want to hear what secret you have. So stop making me a library for that."
Terror again felt the familiar lurch eyed the monitors to find it was indicating on being fired upon via eater weapons. 
He grunted and spoke after switching off the radio he finding the firepower was from the station "Terrific their not taking me seriously."
Terror found himself falling backwards floating in air as he found the shuttle bursting into an eater ball to his annoyance. 
He grunted out "Damn it!"
Terror found himself landing into the ocean with a loud splash. He swam up to the surface and felt something like a life raft thrown onto him. He grabbed and didn't protest as he was hauled out of the water up the side of the familiar warship he recognized belonged to the Soulers. Terror found himself once reaching the deck knocked unconscious via drugged status done onto his neck. 
"Oh for crying out loud!" He yelled as he felt the drug taken effect.

Chapter Thirteen
Terror came to feeling a rumbling vibration onto his front he recognized belonged to a cat. He groaned an annoyed sound as he felt himself scrubbed clean all over and found his familiar clothes were off his form leaving him naked. Terror groaned and didn't say a word as he jerked open his eyes while feeling a hand patting him on the cheek. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes as the cat was removed with a loud meow sounding irritated. Terror frowned as he focused onto the hand's owner he recognized with shock was Dictator from Edenia giving him a glare of accusation with his golden eyes. 
He sighed and spoke firmly sensing himself recorded what he was doing on Edenia including adding "They seem to like people telling stories galore. Don't care for their personal hygiene or anything just as long as people tell them stories. Ugh."
Terror groaned as Dictator handed him folded clothing and got from the male "Just put them on now. You look ridiculous without any clothes on."
He obeyed to get up from the bed and put on the clothes he discovered were his familiar furry clothes that appeared to be scrubbed clean and stuck to his form like second skin. 
Terror frowned while eyeing Dictator who spoke "You seemed to recognize me why is that?"
Before he could speak he heard "Because he met a twin of yours somewhere in Edenia. She's famous for having twins of people she's curious about."
Terror frowned hearing Tank's familiar voice as he eyed Dictator who spoke "Anyway Meritanians transport this piece of furry garbage out of my domain into someplace to take care of him. I'm done doing my job."
He spoke "I'm not garbage-'
Terror cut himself off finding himself transported into the air to find himself heading straight for a tree to his annoyance. He made himself do acrobatic moves to land into the tree via branch. 
Terror gave up a loud Hmph and spoke loudly "Good riddance for calling me garbage."
He found himself transported into the air again heading towards his familiar tree.
He spoke loudly "Alright! I get it that garbage is talk for get this guy out of my residence!"
Terror again landed into the tree only to find drones of the Tennans inside it that proceeded to cling themselves to him while giving off purring sounds. He sighed from the drones' behavior to recognize it was speak for forgiveness. Terror groaned and didn't comment a response to the drones' rubbing him all over including giving off cat's purring vibrations. He sighed and allowed the drones to do their friendly behavior followed by them getting onto branches and ignoring him standing. Terror sighed and forced himself to jump down from tree branch to branch till he landed onto the ground finding himself speaking his familiar forgiveness line loudly.
Terror cut himself off while speaking "Argh! I don't want to know what secret you want me to know! I'm not a library for secrets to be told!"
He gave up a loud Hmph to walk in a direction only to be blocked by an appearing entity ball that kept on ramming itself onto his forehead. Terror gave up a loud Hmph in response and forced himself to sit down onto the ground and sulked as the entity ball flew away. Terror sulked with arms folded and a glare on his face his eyes staring at the ground he refused to look up despite angry. He willed himself of being angry while shutting his eyes and forced himself to mediate. Terror kept on mediating till a ramming movement was felt banging against his forehead. He jerked open his eyes to glare at the entity ball as he felt drones had gathered around him that were insisting him up and walking. Terror obeyed to march through the forest forcing himself to avoid the pathway despite drones kept on guiding him onto the area. He felt his mood plummet when he heard giggling sounds of feminine tones. 
Terror mentally spoke "Females, who needs them?"
He found the drones kept on guiding him closer and closer to the giggling noises to his annoyance. He grunted when he again felt entity balls ramming his forehead when he attempted to walk elsewhere. Terror forced himself to be calm as he kept on being guided to walk to the giggling noises. He frowned as he walked around a tree to find two females in an apparent lip lock not noticing him while noticing one female wasn't Yana to his confusion. He found one female was Alexa from the looks of her but the other female appeared to have a masculine appearance despite long hair making him do a double take look. Terror felt annoyance take hold finding Alexa was kissing a male with long hair while dressed in a Leader's uniform both not paying attentions to them being spied on. He kept his mouth shut with a glare in response as Alexa broke off the kiss to the male Leader not protesting to it. He found the Leader was Jinks from the looks of it as Alexa wiped her mouth via her sleeve and appeared to look like she was upset. 
Terror frowned while eyeing Jinks to hear from the male as he kneeled in front of Alexa "I submit to your authority mating wise."
He heard Jinks' voice spoken firmly and noticed the male was eyeing Alexa in the eyes.
Terror found the drones gesturing him to go which he obeyed to walk away hearing sobbing sounds loudly in Alexa's voice tone as he heard "I've waited too long for a male to say that to me!"
He exhaled a breath hearing Alexa's voice speaking the words to sigh and walked away finding the drones kept on guiding him on a path towards their familiar tree. He didn't protest as he was forced to sit crossed legged by the drones underneath the tree followed by hearing a baby crying noise loudly. Terror exhaled a breath recognizing the crying noises as his son's. He frowned while sitting on the ground to find the Commander come into view holding onto his son via blanket in her hands. 
Terror felt his mood bad again spoke loudly his familiar line including "Argh! I don't want to know what secret you got! I'm not a library! So spare me that talk!"
He put fingers into his ears giving off a loud hmm sound only to feel tapping from a drone. Terror removed his fingers finding himself speaking his familiar line towards Yana he figured he'll refer her instead of her commanding title who was kneeling in front of him. 
He groaned out "Just spare me your secret now."
Terror got Yana giving him an all black eyed glare in response to his shock he seeing her eyes were like that. 
He gulped as she spoke after willing aside the creepy eyed look "I admit it I can mind scan like a Telepath but that only involves skin to skin touch with or without that look in my eyes seen. I knew what you were thinking when I told you of my pregnancy. You weren't seemingly ha, ha, happy that you got me as yours. Instead you were just concerned for me and my well being."
Terror exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as Yana added "Besides the nurse is right. You're the responsible party for my miracle pregnancy and miraculous birth of our son. That's right. The restless Earthari are calling it a miracle for me to have this fast growth pregnancy and birth of our son. Except it came from you."
He groaned softly but didn't comment a response as Yana got up going up towards him which he remained seated as she squat showing limber ability and thrust the baby onto him. Terror gripped his son that cooed while held and seemed content. He sighed feeling Yana's hand onto one of his hands and ignored her mind scanning him he figured was what she was doing. Terror eyed his son and gently kissed the baby's forehead he saw had his own Human black eyes but appeared to have a mop of black hair on top of his head.
He sighed and kept onto holding the baby till he thought of a name and spoke loudly "I think the name of Terran will do for you. It's the combination of my name and your mother's name. Unless she prefers something else?"
Terror eyed Yana who spoke in response "I've been naming him Tam Mykola.'
He stiffened from the names she spoke as she kept on talking while removing her hands from him "Tam Mykola is an Ancient One who's responsible for my family for arriving to Terra to live from planet Aire. I guess I've come full circle now I'm on planet Aire."
Terror sighed and spoke "Tam Mykola it is. I approve. Terran should be a nickname if it's appropriate and when it should be spoken. I admit it. It's my nickname I used to be referred as."
He clamped his mouth shut when he felt steel of a sword point poking his neck he finding Yana getting up and taking his son out of his hands. 
He didn't say a word in response only to get from Yana "Anyway I can only hear thoughts blasting in people's minds skin to skin. Anything else involving minds walking them I'm not capable of that. Your secrets whatever they are, are safe within you."
Terror gave a head bob in response as Yana straightened up her form while still holding Terran he figured he'll refer him and got from her "Just got to go to the Command Center and show him off to the restless natives. Word of my miraculous pregnancy spread among Earthari. The females are willing to undergo that but are still skittish on wanting to carry offsprings. I'm not looking forwards to the fuss over me and our son by them. Ugh."
Terror frowned as Yana with another ugh left him walking away which he shut his eyes figuring to himself "I might as well see what's going on around here."
He found the steel of the Souler's sword left his neck he recalled fully that Tam Mykola had some involved status with their creation. His way to see wound up not blocked to find Alexa and Jinks hidden in the bushes in the middle of a mating ritual with the male lying still and not doing anything instead was staring at the sky with a blank expression on his face. He eyed Alexa finding she had managed to bare Jinks' sensitive part and chest and was in the process of licking the male's nipples from the looks of it. Jinks, he saw didn't give a response instead remained staring at the sky unblinkingly with form still. Terror forced himself to look away only to hear a familiar hissing sounds him recognizing the words of forgiveness spoken from an entity egg. He opened his eyes to glare at the entity egg that kept on hissing for forgiveness followed by slipping inside him via stomach he grunted from the pain. Terror groaned softly and rubbed his stomach not feeling anything from the entity inside him outlined via his body. He sighed feeling his familiar muscles still in place as he shut his eyes and focused away from Alexa having her way onto Jinks. 
Terror figured to himself long ago "The Queen doesn't approve of me viewing scenes of mating between manoids regardless of the species. She finds that tacky and rude to do that spying."
He shifted to focus onto Tom as if needing to do it to find the male was in a large room he recognized was some kind of throne room. He found the lights in the room dimmed followed by hearing himself speaking his words as if recorded via visual recorder while in the Soulers' sea vessel. Terror heard nothing in response to the Queen to his spying as he kept on focusing onto Tom finding the male was looking in a direction once the lights resumed. He shifted to look to grimace finding two figures standing on the top most of ten steps. He eyed them warily to find one was male with white skin and black hair with all black eyes and having clawed hands and feet, with a sword in hand, including something that resembled wings jutting from him while wearing a brown skirt. Terror eyed the other figure he recognized was a female with purple skin colors, all white eyes and white hair wearing clothes on her form that appeared to be shorts and a t-shirt in white colors that were stuck to her form. 
Terror kept his eyes onto the figures finding the male was speaking "Anything else you want to admit Mindbender?"
He frowned to the word mindbender to find his focus able to go further than the two figures to show nine figures wearing covered up robes seated in seats while noticing that their faces were covered by hoods. 
He frowned as he shifted towards Tom finding the male was speaking "Integration of one annoyance was successful. He's been accepted now. That includes getting others to accept the Airens as their referred instead of that insult name they hate."
Terror frowned hearing silence from the Queen in response as he kept on watching the room and its contents. 
He frowned as the male manoid on the steps spoke "Anything else regarding this obsession with the acquiring of one All Seeing One?"
Terror exhaled a breath hearing that as he figured to himself thinking "Their Elves from the looks of things. These Elves communicate to people via the two speakers on the steps."
He eyed Tom who he noticed had golden eyes and was displaying a glaring expression on his face. 
He frowned as Tom spoke "I'm not him enough to know anything. I wasn't able to access his mind. Ask Horus for that. He seemed to have gained access to this very crystal clearly during bouts of lucidity whenever this He wasn't in control."
Terror inhaled another breath to keep eyeing Tom warily despite hearing the anger in the male's voice tone who he noticed was clenching and clenching his hands into fists and back. 
He frowned as he heard "Where is Horus now?"
Terror frowned as he heard blaring in his mind "I would quit doing that if I were you smarty."
He found his seeing ability blocked as he found the male's voice continued in his mind "I'm dubbed Tank for being a troublemaker. Continue on doing that I'll dump you into a lake and keep on doing it till you quit for good."
Terror mentally spoke in response while sensing the Queen was eavesdropping "Anything else to explain why I'm not in the Elves' possession but in possession of someone else? I get the impression I should be in some-"
He was interrupted "Your right. But we Meritanians as we call ourselves despite using the name of Sages are sick of having an All Seeing One in possession of the Highlanders, their actual name and not Elf or Elves. The Highlanders used an All Seeing One with an ability to tell whether we were playing jokes or not including an ability to control people via voices onto people something we got sick of and dumped him elsewhere. We'll do what it takes to keep you the planet's current All Seeing One out of the Highlanders' hands including out of that stinking group dubbing themselves High Council. They should have been disbanded by now but they keep on pulling excuses to Edenia to not do that. Excuse me."
Terror found Tank leaving his mind as his familiar cluttered images resumed. He heard the Queen singing in an angry voice tone groaned to sense a drone was trying to get his attention. 
He jerked open his eyes to glare at the drone that spoke "All Seeing One, computer computes movement must now."
Terror exhaled a breath and without a word got up and began walking finding drones the lowest of the low escorting him and appeared to be manipulating him to walk in an aimless lengthy path. He frowned as he found Alexa walking behind a tree into his eyesight as the drones scattered giving off screeching sounds. 
He saw Alexa looking up to give him a glare of accusation as he spoke his familiar line again and then blurt "I don't want to know what secret you tell me. I'm not a library. Excuse me."
Terror made a motion to leave only to hear "Wait! I want to talk to you!"
He stared at Alexa with a frown finding her kneeling and crying tears while rocking her form back and forth. He frowned but kept his mouth shut to look for Jinks finding the male walking into sight that made a shooing gesture towards him. Terror jabbed a finger aimed at Jinks and spoke his line despite Alexa quiet with her sobbing. He sighed as he felt himself compelled to remain standing while folding his arms and giving Jinks a glare. He found Jinks without a word went to Alexa to squat limber style twin to Yana's and gently put a hand onto Alexa's shoulder she quit crying to wipe her eyes with her sleeve. 
He sighed as Jinks spoke once Alexa was quiet "I have a female offspring born out of a forced mating ritual I did to a female. Her Mother had a male who had beliefs on who raises the offspring which was forced onto me. I don't regret my daughter coming to existence. I do regret the way I did towards her mother when I used her for mating urges. It was she who told me after it was obvious I wasn't doing anything for my mating urges, just bottling them inside actually, that I was to allow myself be used for females to get over a forced mating done onto them via males. I have been doing that faithfully as a result of getting my mating urges satisfied. I do tend to recognize females that need this help like I recognized from you hence I submitting to this. My daughter in question once fully grown, hasn't been upset about how she came to existence instead has been very understanding of my purposes towards females who are hurt by males in a mating way, something I work to help them overcome."
Terror exhaled a breath but remained silent as Jinks without a word straightened up his form and got from the male in response "I already have a female I considered mine who's not in existence at the moment but in my mind and heart. I wait for the day when I can join her but as long as I have a purpose of living I live for her. I refused to take any female in her place or pair myself up to any female unless it's for helping her overcome her problems of mating via male."
Terror frowned finding Alexa appeared to be calmer but was avoiding looking at Jinks who without a word walked away he found the male walked out of sight he finding a light show flashing behind a tree. 
He groaned softly and eyed Alexa warily to find the female blurting "I want Chang Yong as mine. Just not even sure of how to let the doctor know that I want more than just a working relationship."
Terror heard from the Queen sounding in a voice tone he recognized was spoken for "Let them handle the problem themselves without any interference from you."
He spoke firmly ignoring the Queen's singing "Alexa, I can't help you in this matter. It's your problem you should solve. Try to figure it out for yourself."
He heard the Queen's singing turn to anger as Alexa looked at him with tear stained eyes as he added "Only advice I can give is find something you both like and focus onto it as a conversation. That's what I always do towards females I wanted to pair myself in, in a mating way even if it's just for mating other than just pairing. I do apologize for the trouble you got with males on behalf of them. I do hope you'll heal from that. Excuse me."
Terror heard the Queen's singing turn more insisting which he walked away hearing silence from the Queen in response. He ignored the Queen's silence to continue on walking into the forest only to look down as if drawn to find the ground turn into metallic looks to his annoyance. Terror found his arms restrained by clawed hands he found belonged to the familiar bird head males who kept their holds ironclad. He found himself in the presence of Tom standing nearby displaying his bony look he grimaced seeing. Terror kept the glare on his face as he shifted to look around the room finding himself in presence of the Meritanians' Highlanders as spoken by them. 
He kept the glare in response as the male speaker on the steps spoke "What? He looks ridiculous for a First One."
Terror kept his mouth shut in response while glaring at the Highlanders behind the speakers he figured had spoken their insulting words. He kept the glare as Tom he saw turned around and waved a bony hand in the Highlanders' direction before fisting the hand. 
Terror frowned finding Tom shifted to resume looking in his direction as he heard "Alright whatever! Where's Horus anyway?"
He frowned hearing the sarcasm of the male speaker's voice to blink his eyes from a light show nearby him to find Jinks was standing there with disgust sense from the male via the expression on his face. He ignored the speakers to focus onto Jinks he figured was Horus as dubbed by the Highlanders. 
Terror frowned as he focused onto the speakers finding the female was speaking "Explain yourself Horus with your obsession of acquiring an All Seeing One! The Meritanians made it clear that they don't want us to have one in our possession so talk now Horus!"
Terror spoke his familiar line in response he hearing Ughs spoken from both speakers to find Jinks speaking in response "It wasn't me but White Shadow as he calls himself's obsession in acquiring back his companion pet a gonoid dubbed Misty which in First One's terms is dubbed albino tiger. He loved that tiger too much to do anything to get her back in his possession. That's what I was trying to say during lucidity moments of control. He didn't give a damn about the Nightwalkers or leading them anymore. All he cared was that Misty back into his possession. Hence this ridiculous war done between him and the ones who got Misty in their possession the Soulers as their referred now instead of Slayer. He forgot the actual reason why he had Misty in their care was because she was quarantined like any gonoids that arrived off planet for a time frame. It's to make sure their not carrying sicknesses that could spread to manoids or gonoids. Something the Fishla reasoned when they built the station included others on planetary worlds was to avoid species extinction by sicknesses. Something their germ phobic about including related to gonoids coming off planet. It's something the restless natives of the station took up and have been paying the Soulers' home vessel money to quarantine their gonoids and their people before joining the population planet bound."
Terror frowned hearing that from Jinks to find the male got restrained by Tom in a fast move. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the High Council he figured were the robed Highlanders warily. He frowned inwardly as the bird males adjusted their holds onto his arms to make him stand up straighter. 
He wound up hearing the words "Falcons, not bird males."
He exhaled a breath keeping his mouth shut as the High Council appeared to go into a head wagging hand waving movement behind the speakers while noticing their heads were bowed. He frowned further as Jinks was sensed silent. 
Terror frowned as the male speaker appeared to glance his direction before bowing his head he hearing "I'm called Shad for I speak for the males of the High Council."
Terror heard from the female speaker seeing her glance up towards him before bowing her head echoing Shad's words but this time used the name of Onya. Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as the High Council behind them went into a discussion he figured what they were doing seemingly lengthy. 
He frowned fully on his lips as Shad raised his head along with Onya doing the same and heard from the male speaker "Anyway Meritanians, transport this All Seeing One back to his residence now. Our business with him is done."
Terror found the Falcons released their holds onto his arms and found himself in the garden belonging to the station as he felt object pelt him from above. He glared up above to spot drones which one climbed down and handed him an apple. He sighed as the drone made an eating sign with the apple and held the fruit towards him. Terror obeyed to take the apple feeling multiple apples pelt him from above. He ignored the apples falling around him to munch onto the fruit spitting out the seeds and the stems. He picked up multiple apples and ate what he could as indicated by the drone till she blocked his way shaking her head. Terror frowned but didn't protest as he heard the Queen singing again in her familiar joyful tone. He sighed and forced himself to walk finding the drones were gathered around him and pushing him to move. Terror obeyed walking in the forest letting the drones guide him till they arrived to the garden's entrance. He found drones urging him through in a fast move as he heard thunder blaring overhead. He sighed and walked through the garden's gate hearing the rain fell along with booming of thunder. Terror groaned and found himself in the hallway with the Founding's Ambassador a Cat like Humanoid dubbing himself Gheorge dubbing his species Founding. 
Terror found his Forgiver sense activated spoke his line then added "I don't want to know what secret you have! I'm not a library for secrets to be kept! Excuse me and my rudeness!"
He made a motion to walk away only to hear "Wait that's why I'm here waiting for you."
Terror sighed hearing the voice of the Ambassador blaring in his mind he recalled was a mind walker but wasn't sure of what mind walking ability the male had. He halted his walk and turned to face the Ambassador forming a frown on his face but kept his mouth shut. 
Terror frowned but got from the Ambassador blaring in his mind "I admit it my reason for being a mind walker or Telepath as you Earthari call us is from selective breeding done onto my species by my own people dubbing themselves the Founders."
He kept his mind blank in response as the Ambassador kept on blaring in his mind "The Founders' rule is sort of like a group dubbed High Council-"
Terror stiffened hearing as the Ambassador kept blaring "That emphasized selected breeding between various males and females in hopes of passing down unique abilities. Now I admit it that the mind walking ability wasn't known in our species till the High Council did some manipulations onto one of our females carrying offsprings and I wound up created as a result."
He gave up a head bob in response as the Ambassador added still mentally blaring "Besides my mind walking ability only involves two things, which is sending talk to people who can hear me even if their not a Telepath. And the other thing is instantly tell by the looks of a person regardless of species if their a mind walker or not or slightly have some Telepathic ability enough to recognize what it is. It's why I was put into this position just to see who's telling the truth when it comes to mind walking."
Terror frowned but didn't say a word as the Ambassador walked away without giving him a word. 
He groaned softly to rub a hand onto his forehead and felt his All Seeing One ability not in his mind to his confusion only to hear "That Ambassador forgot to admit that he can seen images in people's minds even when submitting talk hence I blocking your ability from being seen by him. He was telling his secret on the account of wanting to see what images your mind would give him. Hence he waiting for you and is telling the truth on what he said to you mentally."
Terror sighed hearing the female voice of a Meritanian blaring in his mind as his All Seeing One ability started up again flashing after he shut his eyes. He sighed feeling the Meritanian had quit scanning him to his relief. Terror felt a tugging sensation on his pants to look down finding a drone sitting there that gave up a snoring sound. He groaned and forced himself to sit leaning back against the wall and shut his eyes. He found himself seeing something in his mind as if compelled despite finding the Meritanians had resumed scanning him to his annoyance. Terror focused onto the image in his mind he saw was of Jinks standing in the High Council's presence still restrained by Tom. He frowned as Jinks still had his face into a glaring stare aimed at the High Council's direction. Terror kept on watching as if compelled despite having eyes shut and appearing to look asleep. 

Chapter Fourteen
Jinks stood with a glare on his face him not commenting a word towards the High Council in a lengthy discussion behind the speakers. He noticed the speakers kept glancing up to stare at him before bowing their heads on and off. He felt annoyance take hold finding the High Council was in a lengthy discussion. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard the Master roaring within the back of his mind. He felt the Master itching to take control ignored the sensation as Tom's bony hands were felt squeezing in a gentle move before releasing the squeezes. He kept his mouth shut further and waited as the High Council quit the discussion followed by Shad and Onya raising their heads.
Jinks waited as Shad spoke "Anyhow what course of action do you recommended be done onto Horus by the Airens as they call themselves now, Mindbender?"
He kept his mouth shut despite feeling angry but forced himself to be calm as Tom's bony hands became more flesh from the feel followed by hearing from the male still restraining him "They don't give a bloody suck about Horus. Just as long as their fed and satisfied from the feeding of receiving the sacred drink they want. Excuse my words but I'm speaking their mind's language at the moment. Their listening and expect me to speak in their fashion of words as a price tag for leading them. They expect me to lead them without questioning their motives."
Jinks frowned to feel Tom's hands resume the bony style as he kept his mouth into a thin line and waited as one speaker spoke "What do you have to say about the possession stunt by this White Shadow?"
He spoke firmly "I'm a fool who's foolish enough to let something simple as bad dreams cause me to allow White Shadow to possessive me in order to get those bad dreams to stop. I already paid my price for having that possession stunt done onto me. My hearing via my ears wound up more advanced than an Earthari another word for First One as the natives off planet now call the species I am. Its hell trying to avoid hearing what I'm not supposed to hear. Besides the Airens as they want to be called have insisted that I control them in their bloody sucking ways as Tom says while their among the natives on the Fishla's station dubbed Annoyov Barack Station, unsure of the name involving Annoyov."
He clamped his mouth shut to find the High Council going into discussion only to hear from Tom loudly "Horus is telling the truth on what the Airens want while their among the natives of the Annoyov Barack station. The Airens here specifically requested me to help with their bloody sucking feelings towards you and whoever here. I'm not at liberty to say if it's involved with leadership. Instead they asked. I do what I can."
Jinks frowned feeling Tom's hands resumed the bony look. 
He gave the High Council a glare only to hear blared "Excuse me for interrupting but can I transport Horus now? The Airens have gotten restless without Horus's presence on the station enough to want to lash out in angry terms. They appear to detect Horus gone from the station and is in process of throwing a hissy fit. Don't ask me why I said that."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Ramses' blaring voice sounding in his mind as he eyed the High Council to find Tom's hands off his arms followed by finding himself in a hallway where there was a familiar signed mark of the Nightwalkers glowing on the wall. He sighed as he heard hissing sounds to groan softly and folded his arms waiting for the Airens, as they called themselves to instead of accepting the Nightwalker name to check him all over. Jinks ignored the Airens felt via hidden status sniffing him all over not sparing his privates. He kept his arms folded waiting with his mood bad again as the Airens quit their sniffing followed by forcing him to sit down by hands pressing onto his shoulders. He allowed them to make him sit which he obeyed and didn't protest as he felt his back leaned against the wall and found Airens appearing with soft whining squeals counting about four of them. He figured to himself that the four Airens were the bravest of the Airens to live in the station with him as the four proceeded to use his legs as a pillow and fell asleep. 
Jinks heard blared in his mind "Nighty night, Horus."
He sighed hearing Merra's familiar voice sounding in his mind didn't protest as Jinks was sensed falling asleep. 

Chapter Fifteen
Terror focused onto Tom he saw was glaring at the High Council while seething with anger running through him. Tom kept the glare while having his Berserker side in control. He clenched his hands into fists and released them back and forth while glaring at the High Council that went into a lengthy discussion. Tom knew from knowing the High Council that they were up to something to punish Horus they blamed for causing White Shadow's stunts and appeared to refuse to accept White Shadow himself and his demise as punishment. Tom kept the glare while glaring at the High Council. He could see outlines of the Airens scattered around the room most keeping their distance from him due to sensing that they didn't like his Berserker side in control. He kept his fanged teeth clamped shut instead of gnashing them out of anger. Tom kept the glare till a light show flashed next to him he exhaled a breath sensing Elisa's presence by the familiar feeling hitting him whenever she was around him. He didn't comment a response to Elisa's appearance instead kept his eyes onto the High Council as Elisa without a word or acknowledgement was felt hugging him in a tight grip from the front. Tom forced himself to accept Elisa's hug forcing himself to relax from her body pressed onto his front and her arms around him. He didn't comment a response to the High Council's sensed staring at him he noticed that they were silent from their discussion and watching him. He kept himself calm as he noticed Airens via hidden status coming closer and closer to feel their clawed hands on his back including noticing some had hands onto Elisa's back who sensed stiffened from the touch. Tom sensed Elisa seemed shocked from it but, not protest to the Airens' touching her instead kept her hug hold onto him. He silently sighed softly and felt his angry mood going down from Elisa's hug hold as he felt the Airens' clawed hands gently rubbing his back. Tom willed aside the Berserker hearing nothing from the High Council via Speakers blaring their familiar line about his golden eyes they dubbed evil look whenever they saw it via manoids serving them. He lowered his head to eye Elisa, he saw had her head raised to face him and sighed softly as she reached out a hand slowly and placed it onto his scarred cheek. Tom sighed and shut his eyes pushing his face into Elisa's hand he felt was soothingly rubbing the area. He kept his eyes shut as Elisa resumed putting her cheek onto his chest via front while keeping her hand onto his cheek. He sighed feeling his bad mood going down and frowned as Elisa kissed him on scarred cheek followed by breaking off the hug. He didn't protest as he opened his eyes and found Elisa looking at him while giving him a glare. Tom sighed as Elisa walked away disappearing in a light show. He folded his arms and kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing the High Council he feeling himself calm but still tensed up. He ignored the Airens felt rubbing his back and found the Airens' gathered around in his eyesight had gone to resume their positions in the room. Tom kept his mouth shut waiting for the High Council to give their orders. 
He didn't have long to wait as Shad and Onya raised their heads followed by the male speaker speaking "Mindbender, go take a nap. You look like you could use the sleep. Take one of the rooms in the bar room."
He sighed and didn't protest to the order the High Council gave him was speak for "Go do something about your appearance. It's disgusting."
Tom got from Onya "Dismissed Mindbender."
He obeyed to walk out of the room taking a route to the bar room despite taking the masked Highlander's roller coaster route. He went into the hallway to find a Listener snoozing on the floor who woke up with a jerk giving him narrowed black eyes. He ignored the Listener's glare who got up with an acrobatic move followed by appearing to sniff his front and heard a faint ugh sound.
Tom spoke in Hammarabbi "Just direct me to where I can clean myself hygiene wise since I smell."
He gave the Listener a glare who shrugged and without a word quit the sniffing and led the way to a room he recognized belonged to Barry by the extra mattress on it including Barry's familiar book sitting on the other bed. 
He didn't comment a response as the Listener was heard speaking "He's still around telling them the Meritanians' jokey behavior but prefers to take residence elsewhere. He gave us Listeners specific instructions of who can use his room when he's not in there. Your one of those people allowed."
Tom frowned but didn't comment a response as he walked inside finding the Listener darting away. He went into the bedroom to the bathroom thinking of using the shower facilities. Tom came out of the bathroom once cleaned of the shower and still clad in his familiar clothes to find Barry with an all black eyed glare sitting on the raised bed still holding his cane that jabbed it aimed at him while giving him a familiar look with his face. 
He groaned softly seeing Barry's expression was spoken for "You're bothered by something so talk."
Tom sighed and went to kneel in front of Barry who kept his eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him which he spoke firmly as he could despite sensing himself recorded "The High Council are going to blame Father in Law for the stunts that White Shadow did to them. Including punishment handed out to Father in Law in their anger towards the stunts done onto them and whoever around here. I wouldn't be surprised if they target me out of throwing a hissy fit when I had White Shadow taking control of me."
Tom clamped his mouth shut he recalling that Jinks preferred him to refer him as Father in Law instead of by his actual name when talking to him in private. He recalled that Barry seemed to agree with Jinks' name changed ordered him to do it. 
Tom frowned as Barry spoke "Interesting. Anything else Tom?'
He heard the firmness of Barry's voice tone to indicate that the male wanting him to explain something he was not fully saying.
Tom spoke sensing the recorders in the room off "I'm just angry for no good reason other than being furious with the situation regarding White Shadow and this ridiculous war of his with the Soulers. Elisa a servant of Father in Law had to calm me down in the High Council's presence. They got her transported into their presence and she wound up hugging me enough to calm me down. I'm still a little angry at the moment but trying to move on with that."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and didn't say anything else as he sensed the recorders resume he figured was via Listener attached to the ceiling that eavesdropped his words he told Barry despite not recorded saying it. He kept his mouth shut as he recalled the High Council still used Listeners with recorders on their forms including their eyes to witness scenes they wanted to see and that included mind scanning the Listeners whenever they turned off the recorders to see the scene they saw. Tom didn't comment a response as Barry reached out a hand and gently touched his shoulder in a gentle grip. 
He sighed and didn't protest as Barry squeezed the shoulder before removing his hand and speaking "Just go lie down onto the spare bed. You could use the sleep anyway. I'll make sure that you're wakened when you're needed."
Tom sighed and without a protest went to the spare bed the mattress and laid his form down shutting his eyes despite his mind whirling of his situation involving White Shadow. 
He sighed as he heard Merra's familiar voice and comment blaring in his mind "Nighty night." 

Chapter Sixteen
Terror felt himself passing out unconscious from his dreaming via All Seeing One ability. He came to feeling a vibration rattling in his skull to his annoyance to jerk open his eyes. He found Sora floating nearby him that had an expression of annoyance changed to thoughtfulness. 
Terror sighed and spoke "Time to get up."
He got up only to hear from Sora "A certain female wants her offspring's father in her residence to sleep with. She made it clear that the Father should be sleeping in her residence whenever he can't sleep elsewhere."
Terror groaned softly and didn't comment a response towards Sora to walk a route to Yana's quarters which he rang the doorbell to hear a faint "Come in."
He walked inside to find Yana sitting in a stool eating from a plate with a fork who jabbed the utensil in a direction while speaking "You'll find your share there."
Terror sighed and didn't protest to pick up his plate and fork and sat on the couch eating.
He looked around not seeing Terran around to hear from Yana "Tam's in the crib snoozing in the bedroom. He's a sound sleeper. Slept through me making dinner despite me banging around and cooking."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response instead ate his food he feeling himself itching to eat. He found Yana gobbling up her food in a fast motion via fork followed by putting the dishes into a dishwashing machine. He sighed as he heard a loud crying noise to sense it belonged to Terran. Terror frowned as Yana without a word towards him entered the bedroom. He frowned as Yana came out and sat in a rocking chair in the room nearby the couch and appeared to have her top adjusted to bare a breast for Terran to suckle while held in her arms. Terror looked away and forced himself to eat the food till the plate was empty and placed it into the dishwashing machine in the kitchen unit. 
He found Yana still feeding Terran which he sighed and spoke loudly "I'm assuming your policy involving the bed still stands."
He went to the couch to hear from Yana "It does still stand regarding males. I've been asked by Doctor Yong to submit myself for breeding offsprings via other males. He specifically said that he's willing to do the breeding artificially implantation methods. The Doctor hasn't said what the tests say regarding you causing my fast growth pregnancy but said he's still testing males to see if they have that ability onto females."
Terror frowned but stopped in front of the couch while eyeing Yana as he spoke his familiar line and then snarled "Blast it! It's aggravating when I keep saying that!"
He went to sit down onto the couch only to hear "Tam's eye color change has nothing to do with Telepathy."
Terror adjusted his position to stare at Yana who still spoke "The first Tam-Mykola had an eye changing ability involving his eyes and doing mental mind tricks onto people via touch and sometimes via hand gestures. He was said to call that ability the Master after a male he was descendant of dubbed by this odd name of Jinks."
Terror exhaled a breath and recalled Jinks the Leader and spoke firmly while eyeing Yana's eyes "Did this Jinks in question have an ability to live very long?"
He got from Yana a head bob in Fishla style for tipping the head sideways to say "Yes, your right."
He sighed and spoke "There's a Leader here with the name of Jinks-"
Terror got a gasp from Yana as he kept talking "I suspect that this Jinks the Leader and your Jinks are the same person. Don't ask me why I suspect that."
He twisted to lean back onto the couch and stared at the ceiling only to hear from Yana "I saw this Leader Jinks via recording in the Command Center doing a good job of handling my job of doing station operations. I saw via the looks of him that your hunch is correct. He's the Jinks who's the first Tam was descendant of. Tam left clear details of what this Jinks looks like via drawings of him and had those drawings be passed down via hand if the original drawing got destroyed."
Terror spoke his line again before groaning loudly and rubbing hands over his face over his shut eyes. 
He heard from Yana in response as he quit his groaning "Tam had three sisters in the family older than he was. He was the youngest of four offsprings born from different mothers but from the same father. It's rumored among the family line that Jinks was the one who fathered all four of the offsprings to explain why all had twin faces. Anyway Tam had a mate friend named Tamara who was carried at the same time he was carried but by different females carried them via actually and different fathers. They both were born on the same day but at different time frames. Tamara born in the morning then Tam in the evening. Tam and Tamara when they met each other they wound up declaring themselves pouch siblings. They both seem to have some kind of connection involving mate friends despite a pouch sibling declared. I suspect that they didn't realize that they were destined to be with each other in a mating way hence they mistakenly calling it pouch connection."
Terror exhaled a breath but kept his mouth shut as he removed his hands and heard silence from Yana but Terran still sucking away.
He spoke "Didn't Tamara have a sister named Ariel?"
He shifted to eye Yana who did a double take look indicating of shock he exhaled a breath followed by her speaking "Only Tamara's descendant would know of the sisterly connection."
Terror sighed and spoke firmly "Tamara is said to be my Mother who birthed me in Terra. Ariel was her declared sister of her who told me while I was learning what it takes to be an Earthari on Terra that she harbored feelings towards Tamara in a mating way and didn't care to pursue a relationship with her or towards males. I'm told the story is that Tamara birthed a son and died from the birth by Ariel and her forgiving each other. As for anything else Ariel wound up telling me this story including the secret sisterly connection despite seen as a maid of Tamara carrying her son."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to find Yana adjusting Terran to appear to burp him after covering her breast with her top. 
He frowned as Yana spoke "That's not the story I was told by an ancestor of mine regarding you coming underneath Ariel's care."
Terror frowned hearing the Queen singing in a sad tone within his mind to his confusion as he kept on eyeing Yana who burped Terran. 
He frowned as Yana spoke "The story I'm told is Tamara was buried in the sacred ground for burials to be done before ocean dumping was done for the dead now. After the burial was done Ariel one night came to the sacred ground to bury Tamara's son who died soon after she passed on."
Terror stiffened hearing Yana's words as she kept speaking "Ariel buried Tamara's son Terran as named and during the process of the burial heard a sound of someone in agony her words. She went to investigate and found a male full grown lying on the ground with no clothes on his form and appearing to be groaning from pain as she spotted a creature she didn't realize was a Tennan back then lying on the ground still. She found the male wound up doing some sexual mating act onto the Tennan's still form ignoring her watching him hidden in the bushes. The male once done with the mating act got up and showed he had creepy eyes of night and sun colored hair and with a bad limp walked away into the forest she heard him splashing into the river."
Terror frowned as an image of Jinks' Barry flashed into his mind he stiffening from shock of realization hitting him as Yana kept speaking "Ariel wound up slipping away to the castle. She wound up guided by the Sages, compelling her to come back after four suns to find the male hadn't returned but the Tennan's form was indicating it was swollen bloated like sick before it exploded showing something in its place. I suspect that something was you actually because you match the description and drawings of you fully grown learning how to live among the natives of Terra as taught by Ariel."
Terror spoke firmly "I don't remember much about being born or my parentage. All I know is one of the natives of Aire arrived to Terra and took the fatherly responsibility dubbing himself All Seeing One and living elsewhere in some astral projection form. I knew he wasn't my Father when we first met via astral projection but I accepted him giving me fatherly advice and what to do regarding the natives-"
He felt the steel of a Souler's sword at his neck to find Yana interrupting him "Excuse me. I need to put Tam down for sleeping status. The same goes for me. Take the couch, Terror. I don't care to know more of your story and your connection regarding Terra despite seeing you giving that expression of not willing to say anything you don't want to say and is ah nervous to say it without angering me."
Terror frowned to hear nothing from Yana's voice tone to feel the Souler's sword remain at his neck. He eyed Yana feeling the sword remove itself as she walked by him carrying Terran and didn't protest as she paused at the door to her bedroom.
He frowned as she spoke "Just ask the Soulers more details about your parentage. The first Tam via writings mentioned in hints having dealings with the Soulers over the years he lived on Terra before he disappeared mysteriously. The Soulers when asked by me on my parentage and ancestry have said that Tam's home and have refused to explain more. They only told me what I need to know, their words. So ask them more. I think they should have more details on your life. Feel free to leave to ask them. I do warn you that I'm quite tired from Tam's requests to be fed and might not hear the doorbell to let you in if you come back from the talk with the Soulers. Don't be insulted on that."
Terror opened his mouth to speak only to find a hand clamped over it he felt belonged to a Souler as Yana without a word walked into her bedroom shutting the sliding doors with a bang sound. 
He yanked off the Souler's gloved hand off his mouth unseeing it and heard blared in his mind "Shouldn't you go visit us at our residence?"
Terror groaned sensing the voice tone was firm and insisting which he got up from the couch and with a groan walked out of Yana's quarters hearing the door slide shut behind him with a beep sound locking him out. He sighed and took the trading center's route to the Soulers' residence entrance he noticed people giving him avoidance when he walked by. Terror gave up multiple Hmph sounds loudly while forming a glare on his face in response to the avoidance. He went to the Soulers' entrance to their residence finding two Soulers standing there that didn't budge from moving to block his way or acknowledge him. Terror exhaled a breath and went to the elevator finding the two Soulers guards not blocking him entrance. He walked inside and felt the elevator going down seemingly a short time followed by the doors opening showing darkness indicating a curtain blocking his way. Terror frowned as the air shifted next to him to find a Souler off his left who with both hands placed a blindfold over his eyes. He didn't protest as the Souler spun him around in a circle losing track of direction followed by hearing a click noise. 
He heard loudly breaking the silence "Take that off now."
Terror found the order obeyed to find himself in a bedroom from the looks of it with round windows illuminating thunder and lightening as he sensed a tipping feeling of a water ship. He sighed and looked around with night vision to spot a familiar male sitting in an armchair he figured was Barry. 
Terror frowned as Barry spoke "So come here and sit on the floor. I'm too lame and too tired to get up to stand. Excuse me."
He sighed and went to Barry to kneel in front of the male who appeared to see him via night vision as the lightening storm flashed outside via the windows. He found the lightening kept on highlighting Barry and the room's contents with daylight. Terror frowned as Barry appeared to be silently studying him. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry spoke after a lengthy silence "The Soulers said they would arrange this meeting when the both of us are ready for a face to face."
Terror exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "Father."
He saw a familiar smiley look in Barry's face indicating he spoke the right word. 
Terror frowned but didn't say a word as Barry spoke "So what were you told?"
He spoke in response "I was told that a female I'm paired to's ancestor saw something inappropriate between an Earthari and a Tennan. The female witness in question wound up coming back to check on the Tennan and found me in the process. I was dubbed Terror for no reason along with the nickname of Terran whenever I did something wrong."
He clamped his mouth shut to hear a faint groan from Barry to frown as the male spoke "I admit it that the Ancient Ones as they dub themselves coming from planet Aire had a strong feeling for physical beauty when it comes to doing mating behaviors onto each other. Doesn't matter if it's male to male or female to female or male to female. It's as long as the physical beauty was pleasing to the eye when it comes for mating something I was rejected in having done onto me. Mostly by my eyes actually is the reason why I was rejected."
He exhaled a breath but remained silent as Barry continued speaking "I'm not immune to physical needs involving mating urges. I had them myself and had no way of trying to get rid of them till I came upon that Tennan lying asleep on the ground. The Tennan lucky for me appeared to have passed out and didn't wake up from me doing my mating urges onto it. I do warn you it repulsed me when I did that that I had to dump myself into a lake to wash."
Terror sighed but kept his silence as Barry spoke again "After I was done cleaning myself I got into my clothes and my cane then made myself walk away. I didn't realize at first that the Tennan would birth you or anything would happen from the mating. It wasn't till one of the Tennans' Queen's entity eggs got inside me while I was asleep in my residence, is when she expressed her displeasure of treating one of her drones like that. I admit it I forced myself to return to the area where I did the mating and saw the Tennan looking sick and bloated. I wasn't sure of what to do till the Tennan burst apart showing you in its place. Ariel as she's dubbed managed to reveal herself and got you into her residence which I wound up integrating myself into there as ordered by the Tennans' Queen. The entity egg of hers wound up staying within me the whole time you were taught how to live like a Lower One as the Soulers call the Terra natives."
He sighed softly as Barry his Father continued "It was the Queen who gave you the name of Terror despite a nickname of Terran used to explain your presence to the residence's natives pointing you out as Tamara's miraculous son." 
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response he hearing silence from the Queen within his mind as he sensed the entity egg was still inside him computing away. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to lean back into the armchair further and wound up hearing "Once you were safety integrated into the Lower Ones and Ancient Ones' population is when the Queen figuring out my voice talent ability involving manipulating people ordered me to have an Ancient One take responsibility of fathering you. The Ancient One was selected by the Queen after careful screening by her and her entities to take responsibility without questioning it. That was done."
Terror felt himself compelled to speak spoke recalling Victor, an Ancient One declared brother of him "During my time on Terra, I met an Ancient One named Victor who declared me his sibling and brother of mine. You know anything regarding that?"
He heard a sigh sound from Barry followed by the male speaking "The Ancient One who took responsibility to fathering you had other offsprings himself via another female or females I'm not sure. Anyway one of those children must have been led to believe that you and he were siblings managed to contact you to establish this family connection. I believe this connection was involving being alone in a war with invaders dubbing themselves Bloody for one and Bloodies for more than one that the Ancient Ones weren't doing anything to remove."
He sighed and saw Barry's expression indicated he should speak and obeyed to speak "Victor is his name. He and I lived in Terra in a nation called Brazil. It's where the Bloody species some form of blood drinkers crashed their warship along with the Lower Ones, the food slaves they were chasing, escaped from another planet and landed there. I'm told that both species wound up destroying their warships from the crash and wound up in some agreement to coexist among each other in Terra. The Bloodies' leader and King dubbing himself Nightwalker, excuse me for saying that, arrived to Terra via warship after a disaster hit their home planet. I heard a rumor that the disaster involved trying to form an eternal darkness shield over the planet that wound up deadening it in the process hence there's no life there anymore. The Bloodies when they arrived to Terra establish themselves as the dominant species on Terra including seen as deities or their leader in deity terms."
He paused to clear his throat and continued "Victor got wind of this deity business and tried to stop it with no help from the Ancient Ones who didn't seem to care about it. Instead it wasn't their concern according to them. Anyway Victor's father wound up establishing the father son connection with me is when Victor managed to meet me in Brazil. He took a great deal of convincing me to help his cause of stopping the Bloodies and their business on Terra. I wound up forcing myself to agree after a female I had a mating behavior towards dubbing herself Helena turned not mentally right in the head after a Bloody was caught sucking from her neck which he was killed but her mind turned out to be lunacy. The Bloodies caught me and made me food slave to their King to suck my blood anytime he wanted-"
He was interrupted by Barry speaking "Where was the Tennans' Queen during that time?"
He sighed and spoke from memory "She managed to get an entity egg inhibiting me before I was captured. The Bloodies in question have some ability to mind wipe minds while sucking from their victims. My mind of who I was, was wiped from repeated sucking. I managed to remember once I was freed to help Victor out on getting the Bloodies removed with the help of the Tennans' Queen and her warships."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line hearing more groaning from Barry to frown staring at the male he sensed was in pain and wasn't going to admit it. 
Terror spoke firmly "Want me to leave so you can sleep?"
He got from Barry in response "Unnecessary on that, my son. I admit it I'm in pain but it's not physical. It's more mental actually. I used to have an ability to see everything I wanted in my mind with concentration. I had the ability to flare colored eyes which I don't have now or that All Seeing One ability in my mind. Hence my pain of losing either one of them."
Terror sighed and didn't comment a response as he reached out a hand towards Barry to gently grip the male's hand finding it gripped in response. He kept the grip finding Barry was silently studying him via senses indicating it despite his all black eyes. 
Terror sighed and spoke "Yes I do have All Seeing One ability in my mind."
He got silence from Barry who remained gripping his hand as he added "As for my eyes changing colors I haven't been told if that happened to me or not. I do have an ability to make people reveal their secrets by speaking the lines of Forgiveness, you want it, confess your crime. It annoys me when I do that to people because of that status of getting them to reveal their secrets something they don't want to do publicity. They made it clear that they don't want that to happen. It's something I agree with on that point of view. It's annoying being made like a library to keep secrets I can't tell others of."
Terror heard a chuckle sound from Barry to frown as the male spoke "I see you inherited something I used to do to people. Make them reveal their secrets to me via me giving them a look with my facial expression and eyes changing colors to indicate it. People always talked when I give them that familiar look. Now their not talkative unless they recognized me and the expression I'm giving them despite my eyes the way they are."
Terror sighed and didn't comment a response as Barry released his hand to give it a gentle pat followed by the male speaking "I've told you what I know and what I can as memory serves me. Your visit is done here. I can't say when you'll be allowed to come back. The Soulers have made it clear on this manner that one visit is granted but for further visits I or you have to ask them about it. Go now. I need my sleep."
Terror sighed finding Barry shutting his eyes and appeared to have fallen asleep which he got up and walked towards the door only to meet an appearing Souler holding a familiar blind fold in his hands. He sighed and allowed the Souler to blind fold him followed by twisted into a circle he unsure of what direction he was facing while hearing a familiar click noise. He found the blind fold removed and found himself back into the elevator on the station feeling the thing going up. Terror frowned with arms folded waiting for the elevator to reach its destination. He didn't have long to wait as the elevator stopped followed by opening its doors to show Jinks standing within vicinity ignored by the natives of the trading center. 
Terror frowned but walked out to go towards Jinks who spoke in a loud whisper "Greetings brother Terror. I see you met my Father and yours as well."
He exhaled a breath to give a head bob Fishla style Yana gave him to hear from Jinks in response still using the loud whisper "Come along now. The Airens aren't in a feeding mood onto you. I have forbidden them to feed off natives wandering around the Trading Center as its dubbed and directed them to Medical Bay for free eats."
Terror sighed and wordlessly followed Jinks despite still giving off his familiar line and he yelling loudly repeatedly towards the natives "Oh for crying out loud! I don't want to know your secret! I'm not a library for secrets to be kept!"
He repeated his words over and over ignored by Jinks following the male to the garden finding the blast doors open and sun shining. He cut himself off once Jinks got them both into the garden walking on a path he finding himself not inclined to speak more of his familiar line and grumpy yelling words. Terror frowned as Jinks walked on the path next to him he silently glancing at the male and at the path's ground of small stones. He frowned as a drone a lowest of the low came into view from the bushes to go up towards Jinks to rub the male's leg with her body in some cat like behavior while purring loudly. Terror sighed as Jinks halted the walk to eye the drone he eyed in response to find her going up to him and grabbing his pant leg with a claw and yanking it into a direction while seeing her head gesture him to follow.
He sighed and spoke towards Jinks "Be seeing you around, Jinks."
Terror heard from Jinks in response as he made a move to walk "There's four Airens living on the station and no more than that that I'm controlling. The others about five of them got too nervous to live among the natives and escaped via garden. I warn you I haven't heard a peep from those five Airens or anything involving them feeding onto the people walking around here. Medical Bay claims that they haven't received any patients that needs blood from the garden or any Airens from there. Sorry just be warned on what I said. Besides the four Airens haven't said anything regarding the five Airens hiding anywhere in the garden. 
Instead only said 'Gone home.'
Sorry not a liberty to say what it means due to a Souler sticking his sword at my neck."
He found a Souler appearing from hidden status with sword onto Jinks' neck finding the male's eyes turning all black looking as he spoke his familiar line again. He got from Jinks in response as the Souler removed the sword and hand whacked the male on the back of the head the male removing his creepy black eyed look and displaying Human blue eyes. 
"I was possessive by some spirit dubbing himself White Shadow that picked a fight with the Soulers and their home residence sea vessel. It was on something ridiculous involving a gonoid or animal as you say it being in the Soulers' possession they refused to give up due to quarantine it. White Shadow was so stupid didn't get it the quarantine business instead picked a fight with the Soulers and brought the Airens in the process." He got from Jinks speaking firmly.
Terror frowned but kept his mouth shut as Jinks added giving the Souler a glare "White Shadow made a mistake on getting Terror here, involved not realizing that he had this ability to make people speak secrets. Terror from what I'm told got White Shadow to reveal the reason for this ridiculous fight between Airens and Soulers. The Airens' I'm told didn't take the reason kindly instead wound up removing White Shadow on a permanent basis. He's no longer inhibiting me or whoever but he left me a gift of hearing advanced than a normal Earthari can hear, hence I whispering my words."
Terror frowned further as Jinks shifted to glare at the Souler he noticed the male was displaying his familiar creepy black eyed look and appeared to be angry to him. 
He heard the Queen singing in her familiar tone indicating speak for "Peace not War!"
Terror inhaled a breath finding the Souler was appearing to step back swinging his sword aimed at Jinks. He using super blurring speed got between the both of them to grab the Souler's arm holding the sword and placed a hand onto Jinks' front while giving off loud ahem sounds. He gave them both a glare noticing the Souler put away his sword followed by giving Jinks a glare who removed the black eyed look. 
Terror spoke firmly "This is the Annoyov Barack Station, a place of peace not for actions of war."
He found the Souler and Jinks each making a step back as he removed his hands' from both males to fold his arms while giving them both glares. He saw Jinks appeared to be nervous from his glare while noticing another Souler appear with face seen he recognized as his son Long Lived One with a look of concern on his face. He looked at Jinks to find the male had folded his arms and had head bowed he glimpsed his eyes shut while spotting Airens coming out of the bushes. He counted five of them and found the Airens looking nervous by the expressions on their faces as they went to Jinks and appeared to be feeling the male all over with their clawed hands. Terror sighed and waited for both parties to calm down from their angry attitudes while remaining still between them. He kept on giving them glares finding his son had managed to force the warring Souler's mask to bare his face. 
He frowned as his son got the warring Souler to look at him while making gestures with his hand indicating hand speak for "Look at me now."
Terror looked away towards Jinks finding the Airens kept their touchy feely touch all over the male and appeared to focus their attention onto his brother who remained still with arms folded and head bowed. 
He frowned hearing the Queen's singing in his mind sounding in an annoyed voice tone he recognized the tone for "You done enough so leave!" 
Terror groaned softly and felt a drone pulling his pants which he without a word followed the Tennan out of the clearing away from the two parties. He went to his familiar tree as guided there via drone to sit down finding the Tennan climbing up the tree on fours. 
He sighed and shut his eyes thinking to himself "I might as well see what's going on."
Terror heard a loud tut sound sounding loudly along with his All Seeing One ability blocked via a Meritanian. He groaned and opened his eyes looking around to spot Barry standing in the clearing giving off a tut sound including giving off a Tsk sound. He sighed noticing that Barry wasn't his father Barry by his senses not activating when they activated in Barry's presence. 
Terror spoke firmly "You're a brother of my father Barry aren't you?"
He got from Barry's twin speaking in response "Interesting that you very observant. I'm called Larry and yes a brother of Barry himself."
Terror sighed and got up walking up towards Larry who remained standing with a cane, he noticed in hand, and clothes were appearing to look like a uniform of a Leader. 
He sighed again and paused once in front of Larry who spoke "What else do you observe of me hmm?"
"You're wearing a uniform of a Leader. I suspect your cane helps you walk around. You appear to be weak for physical looks but I know you're stronger than you appear." Terror spoke in response as he added "Barry admitted to me of having a voice ability to control people. I wonder if you have the same ability."
He clamped his mouth shut to get from Larry in response holding up a familiar dart gun in his hand and speaking "Anything else you observe other than my reason for this thing in my hand?"
Terror groaned and felt an odd feeling hitting his seat to rub the area to hear an ahem sound from Larry. He turned to eye the tree where the drone led him to sit down to spot something on the ground having smallness where he was sitting. He stiffened when he saw bugs insects he recognized as wasps coming out of a hole in the ground and flying around as he felt himself sleepy abruptly. 
Terror spoke loudly "Argh! You had to do that to me didn't you, stinker?!"
He heard Larry's laughter in response to the Queen's singing in a giggling tone within his mind to find the ground rising up to meet him followed by feeling it onto his cheek and shut his eyes. His last feeling before he fell unconscious was a sting of a familiar dart gun injected into his neck then he surrendered to nothingness. 

Chapter Seventeen
Terror came to feeling a vibration of something on top of his chest like breathing to him in a rapid fired pace without the cat's purring. He jerked open his eyes discovering his top was off of him and peered at the thing on his chest he discovered was his son Terran from the looks of him peacefully sleeping chest touching his chest. He sighed and forced himself to stare at the ceiling he found was Yana's bedroom from the dim lights above. Terror didn't say a word as he felt the bed's vibrations to indicate someone getting into bed with him. He looked to spot Yana who ignored him staring to see her yawn making him yawn in response. Terror frowned as Yana curled up towards him on his side and found she had appeared to have fallen asleep. He sighed and felt Terran was still inclined to sleep on top of him. Terror shut his eyes only to find himself passing out unconscious with images in his mind taking control too much to dream himself out of it. Then Terror knew via his mind while he was out of it, he heard a sound of a baby crying sounding of Terran's voice wailing loudly as he felt Yana remained sleeping next to him. He sighed and woke up recalling Ariel and her raising Earthari offspring as a wet nurse. He sighed and adjusted himself to sit up ignoring Yana groaning loudly. Terror gently held Terran copying Ariel's hold finding the baby kept on giving off his wailing noises. He groaned loudly only to not protest as Yana awake took Terran off of him and appeared to be feeding his son via sucking a nipple. He sighed and watched Terran had his meal followed by Yana burping him then got him to lie down and placed his son onto his chest. He didn't protest as Yana placed his hands onto Terran's back holding him in place finding the baby had conked out. Terror sighed as Yana without another word curled up towards him and appeared to have conked out. He stared at the ceiling and forced himself to look around the room via his eyesight including moving his head. Terror forced himself to be observant of the room and its contents. He spotted something fuzzy on the ceiling resembling a ghostly figure as a Tennan crawled towards it on the ceiling. Terror frowned as the Tennan gave the ghostly figure a poke with claws in some angry move finding the thing crawling away followed by she resuming a position on the ceiling waving her don't look gesture. Terror frowned but forced himself to eye the ghostly figure that quit crawling and remained clinging to the ceiling next to the Tennan he finding the being was waving a foot aimed at him. 
He sighed and forced himself to shut his eyes he recognizing the foot waving was speak for "Stop looking now!" 
Terror obeyed to shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious only wakened up by Terran wailing his hungry cries he figured was what his son wanted by the noises. He found himself remained in bed with Terran sleeping on his front on and off despite Yana waking them both up to feed his son including teaching him how to change the baby's diaper despite she calling it nappy. Terror found Terran seemed to have different cries for being fed, diaper needed changing, and when he wanted to be held by either parent he had noises for each of them a cycle that continued to be relentless. Terror found himself repeatedly fallen asleep to dream of people mostly via what his All Seeing One ability dictated him to see. He felt annoyance take hold during another mind dictating to force himself to focus onto what he wanted to see to find after enough focusing he could control it. Terror wound up focusing onto Jinks despite still lying in bed with Terran asleep on top of him. He found Yana had managed to take the blanket and appeared to have fallen asleep passed out. He grunted annoyed sound and focused onto Jinks seeing via his mind, he didn't want to wake Terran up. 

Chapter Eighteen
Jinks felt the Airens rubbing him all over while he stood in the garden. He forced himself to mediate counting the Airens and their hands counted five of them to figure that they were the ones hiding in the garden. Jinks didn't protest to the Airens feeling him all over not sparing his sensitive parts while sensing that they were nervously upset about something by how their hands, claws kneaded him. Jinks heard growls sounding in Souler terms he ignored as he felt the Airens silently kneaded him he hearing their breathing coming out of short breaths that told him they were nervous for him. He sighed and concentrated onto his hearing to hear rumbling growls of a Souler's breathing he not sure what it meant. Jinks forced himself to open his eyes and looked up at the Soulers with a glare. He found one with Human black eyes shooed him away with a hand towards him and kept making a look at me sign towards his fellow Souler he sensed was still angry by the growling noise he heard. Jinks didn't comment a response to the shooing as Airens grabbed his arms and hands and without a word with insisting behavior pulled him away. He obeyed to get pulled away allowing the Airens to lead him he forcing himself to breathe hard through his nose despite still feeling angry hitting him. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as another figure came into view via the bushes and stood. He sighed recognizing Harry, a brother of Barry who was clad in an Earthari uniform that stood with arms folded giving him a familiar glaring stare despite having all black eyes. Jinks groaned sensing the Airens weren't alarmed instead found them pulled him to Harry and halted his walk by holding him in place. 
He found Harry kept the glare as he spoke "Alright I was furiously angry when I said my admittance to Terror and the Souler. I blame Terror for saying that ridiculous line of forgiveness over and over as I led him to the garden. His chanting got me in a bad mood enough to want to react violently hence I almost picking a fight with a Souler."
Jinks frowned as Harry's glare became more glaring by the eyes narrowing. He groaned softly feeling the Airens had managed to hide behind him by their hands onto his back. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Harry, you can't expect me to turn off my hatred towards the Soulers can you?"
He formed a glare as Harry spoke in response "I see that White Shadow got you influenced enough to be furious with the Soulers."
He groaned hearing the sarcasm of Harry's voice tone to speak in response sensing the Airens kneading his back with their hands "White Shadow conversed with me via my mind while I was contained in a box. He kept on ranting about wanting his companion called Misty back some albino tiger from the Soulers' possession. He refused to listen to me yelling at him about quarantines and stuff like that. Instead he decided to pick a fight with them on trying to get Misty back. The Soulers from what I've eavesdropped with my special hearing seemed furious with White Shadow for the war and have blamed me. I was angry when I arrived to the garden. I've gotten the impression that the High Council like the Soulers blames me responsible for this ridiculous war in the first place. Hence I furious with them and the High Council for not getting it that White Shadow was the responsible one."
Terror seeing the scene spoke mentally "Come on, brother admit it that your the responsible one."
A loud "What did you say, Terror?!" interrupted his thoughts and his concentration.
Terror found images resuming all over the place in his mind as he woke up rubbing his eyes and found Terran off of him. He found Yana holding onto Terran who was giving off soft wails. 
Groaning he recalled his mental ability and spoke firmly "I have a mental ability to see various scenes in my mind."
He frowned as Yana gave him an all black eyed glare followed by her speaking in a creepy voice "Go to the couch, Terror. You upset, Terran, enough to wake him up."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the firmness of her voice opened his mouth to speak after inhaling, only to get her jabbing a finger aimed at the doors. Terrors groaned and without a word, get up from the bed and went to the couch to sit leaning back, only to feel something solid like a body on top. 
He frowned as he felt fists hitting him including, "Get off!"
Terror obeyed to find Jinks on the couch giving him a glare and snarling "Can't a guy sleep around here?"
He heard Jinks' voice that sounded odd and different from Jinks to speak firmly "Tam-Mykola MacLeod-"
"That's no longer me but Jinks Montreal and don't forget it!" He got from the male sounding firm and annoyed who added "Just get out of here and go sleep somewhere else now!"
Terror heard a loud ahem sound to find Yana standing in the bedroom's doorway while holding Terran to notice her eyes were still their status as she spoke "Terror, leave. I'll arrange you to see Tam, in the Command Center at roughly sunrise time of eight o'clock in the morning. It's about time I showed up for my shift and ran things around here with or without anyone caring that I'm toting my son with me."
Terror frowned but jabbed a finger aimed at Jinks to hear from Yana "He asked me for a place to sleep during me going around showing off my son to the restless Earthari around here. I gave him permission to use my couch. So get out of here, Terror."
"Good riddance." He heard from Jinks he not sure if the male was actually Jinks or original Tam-Mykola MacLeod.
Groaning he without a word left Yana's apartment and found himself compelled to take a route he fuming from the Sages' and their manipulating. He made sure he paid attention to where he was going despite few people out and about including businesses in the trading center shut down for the night. Terror found himself guided to the Command Center's doors finding they remained shut he banged into them. Terror gave up a loud Hmph sound and found himself guided to the Ambassadorial meeting room finding no one inside which he went to a couch and laid his form down shutting his eyes. He felt softness of the couch become hardness to his confusion as he felt hands clawed grabbing his arms and yanking him into a standing position. Terror found himself in presence of the High Council via the looks of the scene including restrained by the Falcons to his disgust. 
He glared at the High Council via their speakers as Shad spoke with sarcasm "So what do you have to say about our method to make this Yana Renova carry an offspring hmm?"
Terror forced himself to calm despite the Queen singing in his mind her familiar peace not war tone. 
He spoke firmly "Excuse me you care to explain what you're talking about?"
Terror got Arghs from the speakers in unison as he felt the back of his head whacked followed by hearing "Never ask the High Council questions."
The comment was sounded in his mind via a creepy voice he figured belonged to Tom behind him standing that had whacked his head with a bony hand.
Terror kept the glare as Shad spoke again using sarcasm "So Mister All Seeing One is clueless like an idiot that we manipulated his female, this Yana Renova to carry an offspring. Mostly via implantation including medicines to make her carrying status last hours instead of lengthy time periods as you First Ones, seem to have again as usual."
He hissed a breath hearing the words from the speaker spoke firmly "I have a bunch of questions but someone told me not to ask them."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as the High Council behind the speakers' head bowed went into a head waggling and hand waving gestures. He figured they were discussing the admittance they told him. He felt annoyance take hold only to hear the Queen's familiar singing involving peace not war tone. Terror kept his mouth shut into a thin line and waited seemingly lengthy as the High Council quit their chat followed by speakers raising their heads.
He found Shad speaking "Tell us what makes you think this First One grown leader is Tam-Mykola MacLeod instead of Jinks Montreal as said by you?"
Groaning softly he spoke firmly "He sounded different from what I heard via my mind."
He frowned while waiting for an answer only to hear within his ears "Creepy guy is talking about people's voices sounding different from his ears to his mind."
He peered over his shoulder trying to twist to glare at Tom, he figured was the speaker only to find the Falcons' hand holds become tighter and more ironclad holding him in place. 
Terror glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Interesting we guess. Except Tam-Mykola MacLeod was put down in a sleeping method after he arrived to Planet Aire."
He found nothing to indicate lies or truth said to him only to hear loudly "That's not the truth, High Council!"
Terror frowned hearing Tom's voice sounded familiar and behind him he unable to see him spoken it as both speakers gave up "Argh!"
He kept the glare as one speaker spoke "Mindbender, talk on your rude attitude now!"
He heard from Tom as the male came into view speaking "Tam-Mykola MacLeod isn't down into a sleeping status. Instead he's awake somewhere posing as Horus at the Annoyov Barack Station actually."
Terror hissed a breath hearing Tom's words only to find Anubis the jackal head warrior going up to Tom and giving the male a whack on the back of the head while whispering "Something you should admit to the High Council, Mindbender?"
He found Anubis quit the whacking on Tom swatting his hand away and heard from the male in response "I'm told that Tank and Merra told you this. I even heard Tank discussing this subject with someone appearing to be one of you. I'm not even sure why Tank isn't answering me when I'm yelling at him for making you clueless."
Terror found a light show appearing into his eyesight to find his father, Barry in a fast move grab Tom by the neck with a free hand from his cane and snarling foreign language he recognized as Brazil's Tago language in an odd voice tone.
"You will tell me what's going on with MacLeod now, Tom!" He translated to himself.
Terror frowned while eyeing Tom who showed a bony look only to hear Barry speaking still using the familiar language tones "You will, will aside that look now!"
Terror kept watching as Tom's bony look was willed aside followed by the male speaking in a gasping voice tone "Victoria...sympathizing...with....her...father...and...his...pain...switched....brothers...one...sleeping...is...Jinks... other...awake...is...Tam."
He found Barry released Tom who bent down coughing and gasping loudly as both speakers were heard speaking "All the nerve! Typical offspring-"
He heard Barry interrupt speaking in Tago "Speakers be quiet now!"
Terror frowned finding both speakers become silent with heads bowed as he glared at Barry who added "Falcons release Terror and Meritanians transport him back to the Annoyov Barack Station now!"
He found himself floating in the air after freed from the Falcons, to find himself heading towards a tree to his disgust. He did acrobatic moves and landed onto a tree branch with disgust taking hold of him. Terror heard giggling sounds from the Queen in her singing tone to grunt an annoyed sound and forced himself to jump from tree to tree ignoring her becoming silent. He went to tree to tree only to nearly fall off from a figure popping in front of him via branch abruptly waving hands. Terror gave a yell and forced himself to land onto a lower branch with his feet finding him nearly landing onto an Airen who hissed an annoyed sound. 
He spoke "Excuse me."
Terror forced himself to jump down onto the ground and looked up at the Airens in the tree one threw an apple aimed at him he caught and found the Airen waved a fist aimed at him before resuming a sleeping status. Groaning Terror forced himself to walk away munching onto the apple only to spit out the bite of shock seeing a figure appear in front of him via a hidden status. He coughed out of the apple nearly making his eyes water as he saw the figure was twin to Victor, via the armor and familiar armored helmet. He felt Victor whack his back in response as he forced himself to quit coughing then resumed munching onto the apple. He got from Victor in response pulling up his eyes' visor and showing Human blue eyes instead of all blue eyes from the Ancient One to his shock.
Terror threw aside the apple and snarled "Who the depths are you scaring me out of my wits?"
He glared at the armored male who removed the helmet showing a face twin to Jinks Montreal complete with a scar as he spoke "Tam-Mykola MacLeod or Jinks Montreal aka Horus?"
Terror got a glare from the male in response who gave him an all black eyed glare which he added "Excuse my rudeness but I was dumped via the air from a visit to the High Council, you heard of them, including their Meritanians?"
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as the armored male spoke "Just let go."
"Let go of what?" He asked.
Terror found the armored male kept repeating his words over and over making him disgusted and made him walk away as he sensed the entity inside him no longer there but had stopped computing away to his confusion. Terror frowned finding himself unable to move out of the clearing as he eyed the armored male and felt frustration hitting him threw a fist into the male's face. 
Terror got in response "Hah, hah!" From the armored male who shifted form into a male he recognized as the Hunter from Terra but this time he was wearing a suit in grey.
Terror frowned while eyeing the Hunter warily who flashed lightening behind him and got from the male in response "Inhibit him now!"
He stiffened as he heard the Queen singing in a painful tone within his mind as the entity within him left his body giving him a stomach pain and sensed the thing darting away. 
He heard from the Hunter "Oh no you don't!"
Terror looked in time to see the Hunter throw a fist aimed at the entity that went up into the sky and disappeared into a light show once the lightening from the Hunter's hand hit it. 
He heard further "Hah, hah!" from the Hunter.
Terror spoke firmly "Just get to the point of this jokey status now!"
He glared at the Hunter who spoke in response "Interesting."
He found the Hunter jerking his head in no gestures while repeating his interesting comment over and over to his confusion. Terror felt a compulsion pulling feeling urging him to walk which he obeyed walking while hearing silence from the Hunter in response to his walking. He frowned as he folded his arms and kept on walking forwards only to feel pain in his stomach that suspiciously felt like an entity entering him. Terror grunted from the feeling but felt something like a rope sticking to his clothes via his stomach area. He grunted an annoyed sound as he felt himself yanked into a direction and kept on yanking in directions despite finding himself blind to seeing where he was going. He kept on finding his eyesight kept on showing a vision of the Hunter giving off his Interesting comment with his head jerking in a Human no gesture repeatedly that refused to go away. Terror shut his eyes to see within his mind only to find nothing but darkness within his mind to his confusion. 
He felt confusion hitting him making him think "What's going on?"
Terror frowned as he heard the Hunter speaking "Let it go now!"
He frowned hearing the words as he opened his eyes to look around only to sit down as if compelled onto hard metallic floor. 
He frowned hearing a screeching sound that sounded familiar followed by hearing "Damn bastard! Who the depths does he think he is?!"
Terror frowned hearing the voice sounded like Tom to him as he was forced to stand up by the rope pulling him as he kept on hearing Tom's voice blaring in his mind.
Terror spoke mentally "Shut up now!"
He found himself pulled in a direction to hear from Tom "Terror, is that you?"
Terror spoke mentally "Yah that's me. You fell for that trick by the Hunter from Terra doing it. I don't even know how he got from Terra to Aire-"
He was interrupted "Not Hunter from Terra but someone else twin to him who's freed himself from containment of being Hades."
Terror frowned but spoke mentally "Let me guess this guy made you punch him like he got me to do? Before giving off a laughter sound."
He heard from Tom "Not that punching via fists. I scratched him on the cheek. He appeared to be Jinks Montreal in an armor suit speaking his familiar line 'I hate you.' over and over which I scratched him using my Berserker side. He retaliated by laughing and hooking me to his trap."
Terror spoke in response as he again was pulled feeling various metallic ground on the feet in a fast move "Just hope he's not the God, Lance Richard woken up from sleeping status doing this jokey joke-"
"What?!" He was interrupted by a loud demanding voice blaring in his mind.
Terror frowned but kept his mind blank as he could as he felt himself thrown forwards followed by gagged onto the throat he finding the image of the Hunter speaking interesting gone. He blinked his eyes to find himself gagged by the Hunter he figured he'll refer him, that kept his feet onto the ground.
Terror gagged as the Hunter snarled "Talk on what's going on with this Lance Richard, now!"
He felt himself able to breathe spoke what he knew of Lance Richard speaking "I'm told that he's now an annoyance by the High Council and put down into some sleeping status by that group. Forgiveness? You want it? Confess your crime." 
He waited as the Hunter gave up an Argh comment followed by speaking "Be gone now!"
Terror found himself tossed backwards lengthy including feeling the rope attached to him break as he felt his back collided with something glass that shattered. He found himself falling backwards towards the ground that seemed a lengthy distance down below. Terror forced himself to twist into a series of acrobatic moves to land onto his feet onto the hard ground him hearing a horn honking sounding in an angry voice tone.
He heard "Move it, you jerk! You're blocking the road!"
Terror exhaled and found himself in the middle of a city from the looks of it as he without a word walked out of the road and went to the sidewalk to stand with arms folded annoyed with the Hunter for transporting him somewhere in Aire among the Humans. He heard silence from the Queen to his confusion as traffic continued on going. Groaning he went to the building to lean against and sat down crossed legged with disgust taking hold. He grunted an annoyed sound when paws landed onto his leg followed by a loud barking of a dog sounding in his ear. Terror sighed and formed an angry look to look with gulping finding the dog's handler was appearing to be a cop who gave him a golden eyed glare that made a shooing gesture to move. He obeyed to get up and ignored the people walking by him giving him glares. Terror forced himself to walk further into the city he feeling disgusted on having to do that walking. He kept on walking only to move when the familiar cop with the dog kept on urging him to move him finding them both behind him and refusing to budge from following him. Terror found the cop with the dog was herding him to the police station he found it in view and found cops there arresting him and hauling him inside without a word. He grunted once he was inside a prison cell left alone to sit on the lumpy bed with his eyes shut finding his mental ability no longer there. Terror groaned softly feeling himself upset with the loss of the ability to unable to see what he needed to see. He grunted to force himself to lie down onto the bed and glared at the ceiling lights with anger running through him only to hear dog barking loudly sounding echoing within the jail cell.
Terror felt annoyance take hold snarled loudly in Summeran "Shut that mongrel up will you!"
He heard the barking quit as he added "Thank you!"
Terror shut his eyes only to hear "So you can talk."
He opened his eyes to hear barking sounded again making him annoyed as he sat up from the bed to eye the cell's entrance finding the door open with a male wearing a suit standing there holding onto a barking dog via the leash that was appearing to be violent. 
Terror spoke firmly "Just shut your damn mongrel up."
He glared at the male with annoyance finding the man in response dropped the leash followed by the dog stopping barking to sit onto its haunches and panting in some loud tone while having a head cocked. 
"Mongrel?" He got from the male who gave him an all black eyed glare in response who added "Shaw isn't a mongrel so take back your insult now stranger."
Terror swung his legs off the bed and kept his sitting position despite two cops entering the jail cell with hand guns pointed at him as Shaw, he assumed was the dog's name that ignored them. 
Terror spoke in response "The name isn't stranger. It's Terror as I'm dubbed on this stinking planetary world of Aire."
He glared at the suited up male that folded his arms and got from him in response using a creepy voice tone "Nice try with planet name. It's Egyptia."
Terror groaned softly hearing the word Egyptia as the male continued speaking "So talk on where did you came from? Witnesses said you came out of building as in pushed via a window and landed onto your own feet something impossible for Egyptians to have the ability to do."
He sighed and recalled his Forgiver sense finding it refused to take control despite thinking "I'm the Forgiver."
He spoke firmly "The name is Terror as I'm dubbed and I prefer to be dubbed that and I don't give a damn what you call the planet as long as I'm out of this stinking jail."
He formed a glare and waited as the black eyed male spoke in response "You insulted Shaw with that talk on calling him a mongrel. So talk on where you get this attitude of dogs being mongrels when their not."
Terror spoke firmly "You want me to apologize to Shaw for the insult?"
He glared at the male who spoke in response "The name is Nikolai as I'm dubbed. Don't ask me what other names I have so talk on who you are."
He spoke "It's a long story. I highly doubt that you would believe my words anyway."
Terror frowned as Nikolai spoke "Try me, I'm willing to listen."
Groaning softly he obeyed to speak his story starting with his capture via the Bloodies in Brazil by Nightwalker's minions he noticing Nikolai's eyes widen of shock but narrowed when he mentioned Nightwalker. 
He found the cops giving off snickering like laughter like sounds interrupting his talk till he mentioned "I'm the Forgiver confess your crime to me."
Terror got hysterical laughter from the cops in response making Shaw bark loudly in response. He grunted an annoyed sound as Nikolai quieted Shaw with a verbal command followed by ordering the cops out of the jail cell he left alone with the male and dog. 
He kept on glaring at Nikolai who spoke in response "Talk on what planetary world you met this Nightwalker in question?"
He spoke firmly "First the world was called Earth, then now Terra." 
He noticed Nikolai's eyes widen as if shocked making him suspiciousness hit he clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited for the male's response.
Terror didn't have long to wait as Nikolai picked up Shaw's leash making the dog bark loudly again. He heard Nikolai give out a command to the dog as in giving off a growling noise that quieted Shaw. 
Terror leaned back with arms folded as Nikolai held up the leash and snarled "Whatever joke you're blaring about this Nightwalker and planet Terra, I'll find out its nothing but a lie!"
He kept his tongue and saw Nikolai make a finger across his throat gesture followed by walking out of the jail cell only to see the male tip backwards as if hit and collapsed onto the hard floor. Terror frowned as he saw a cop appearing to be a female enter the jail cell yanking Shaw's leash from Nikolai and walked out slamming the door shut leaving him alone with the male. 
He grunted an annoyed sound as Nikolai groaned loudly before shaking his head and snarling "Shaw, leash!"
Terror spoke in response "You're alone in this jail cell with Mister crazy here."
Nikolai he watched got up with eyes wide still all black looking who without a word went to the door waving a hand. He heard a squealing sound along with a thud noise confusing him. 
Terror spoke firmly "Just spare me jokes of being crazy."
He glared at Nikolai who began pacing back and forth in front of him. He grunted an annoyed sound he finding himself compelled to speak his words that weren't what he was thinking. Terror got up without a word and halted Nikolai's pacing by getting in front of the male. He found Nikolai giving off a growling noise to grab him by the armpits and lifting him up without any effort and set him aside out of his way as the male resumed pacing. 
Terror spoke in response "Have it your way, Mister Crazy."
He resumed sitting onto the bed him thinking to himself "What's going on with this jokey situation anyway?"
Terror heard blared in his mind "Trust me someone needs to acknowledge a problem he's not doing."
He frowned getting the voice of a Meritanian blaring in his mind as he felt himself compelled to get up and again got into Nikolai's way. Only to get Nikolai lifting him up out of the way while giving off loud growling noises. Terror frowned to resume sitting on the bed feeling like giving hysterical laughter to his confusion. He gave up hysterical laughter to his confusion as he eyed Nikolai while staring at the male lengthy. Terror exhaled a breath discovering to his shock that Nikolai was twin to the Hunter via the face, body and eyes. 
He frowned while staring at Nikolai with confusion within him to make him think "What's going on with that?"
Terror found his forgiveness sense going off followed by him speaking "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess your crime to me."
He got a roar from Nikolai that burst out lightening via his back and faced him with a glare aimed at him. Terror gulped finding Nikolai in response formed a lightening ball with his hands and threw it at him. He gulped once the lightening ball formed a rope that hit his stomach he finding himself connected to Nikolai via the area. Terror spoke his familiar line of forgiveness again only to find Nikolai yanking back the rope from his stomach and resuming pacing. He grunted from the pain and kept on speaking his line over and over as if compelled despite annoyed to speak it. 
Terror frowned as Nikolai halted his talk by giving off "Shut up now!"
He obeyed to keep his mouth shut into a thin line as lightening kept on flashing via Nikolai's back he figured was another Hunter for Egyptia, like the Hunter on Terra and on Aire. 
He frowned as Nikolai kept on pacing back and forth till the male snarled "Quit staring at me!"
Terror bowed his head despite compelled to speak his familiar line over and over despite Nikolai's shouting comment "Shut up!" said over and over to his line. 
Terror frowned thinking to himself "What's going on with this Hunter joke onto Nikolai anyway?"
He grunted as he felt a fist connect with his front making him speak "Oof!"
Terror frowned as he felt himself walking backwards taking a backwards route to the familiar glass building including flying up in the air forwards to land through it with the glass taking place of the window. He frowned as he felt metallic ground onto his feet followed by hearing a groaning sound of pain to him. Terror found himself back into the High Council's throne room from the looks of it as he found the Hunter aka Nikolai himself, was lying on the ground curled into a ball groaning loudly.
He frowned as he heard "Good riddance to this idiot-"
Terror interrupted "He's not an idiot!"
He glared at the High Council finding Shad was the speaker as he without a word went to the Hunter on the floor and gently squatted awkwardly to place a hand onto the male's shoulder.
He found himself not acknowledged as he spoke loudly "Don't mind the people insulting you. They don't know a thing and don't understand anyway."
Terror gently patted the Hunter he figured was Nikolai on the shoulder in a caring move only to hear "Transport this Terror out!" by both speakers.
He found himself transported out to land into a pond from the looks of it. Terror grunted annoyed sound and swam up to the surface forcing himself to swim back and forth for his legs. 
He felt annoyance take hold when he heard "Enough of that swimming now! You're upsetting the fishes and their natural habit!"
Groaning he recognized the voice belonging to a Fishla as he swam up to the surface to find one standing on the shore with arms folded Human styled. 
He sighed and swam to the shore and got out of the water while speaking to the Fishla "It's either I swim or I find a way of getting rid of my anger. Excuse me."
Terror made a motion to walk away only to get the Fishla placing a hand onto his chest blocking his way. 
He grunted to give the Fishla a glare who spoke in response "Swimming is fine but not too long or the fishes will get upset to hide too much. Just hold on a minute now, Terror."
Terror exhaled a breath recognizing his name spoken from the Fishla who added "I recognized you from the description of our first encounters with the Earthari and the Tennan species passed down."
Terror spoke firmly as the Fishla removed his hand his familiar line only to feel a fainting feeling as he felt pain on his chest as the male spoke "Oops. Forgot one detail involving stinging you with a sleep drug onto your chest. Nighty night as the Earthari say."
He felt himself surrendering to the darkness of sleep hitting him shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Chapter Nineteen
Terror came to feeling himself scrubbed clean all over while feeling his clothes were cleaned and still on his form. He grunted an annoyed sound as he felt a familiar ramming feeling onto his forehead jabbing him awake. Terror opened one eye to glare at the entity bouncing off his forehead as he opened his other eye. He found himself back into the Soulers' warship from the looks of it as he gave the entity a glare. 
He glared as the entity spoke "All Seeing One forgiveness, we beg your forgiveness."
Groaning he stared at the ceiling as the entity continued its familiar line followed by grunting when a fist not an egg hit his stomach. 
Terror sat up and found the familiar Dictator twin standing next to his bed snarling "About time you woke up!"
He frowned finding Breaker next to Dictator he figured he'll refer him who added "Don't mind that entity ball waking you up. I wasn't sure of how you'll react to being waked up."
Terror spoke in response his familiar line only to blare "I'm not a library for secrets so shut up!"
He clamped a hand over his mouth only to find Breaker doing the same to Dictator who spoke "I'm willing this Forgiveness status hitting Terror be gone from him now!"
Terror frowned to remove his hand finding himself not speaking but silent as he opened his mouth to speak only to find no sound came out. 
He sighed as Dictator yanked off Breaker's hand and snarled "Nice going Breaker! You got him silent on a permanent basis! So will that aside now!"
Terror frowned but found Dictator's order obeyed to find Breaker clamping a hand over his mouth keeping him from talking. 
He frowned while eyeing Breaker as he felt his mind scanned ignored it as Dictator was heard "Get this trash out of here now Meritanians!"
Terror found Breaker disappearing into a light show in response as he spoke his familiar line to clamp a hand over his mouth only to hear "I'm called Eric Zesky, son of Alexei Zesky posing as Jason the leader of the Zesky asylum from planet Terrania."
Terror gulped hearing that from Dictator as he found himself floating in air to land into the ocean via the smell of it to swim up to the surface and swam to a sandy island. He sighed once he was on the sandy island to lay his back onto it only to get a foot stepping onto his neck gagging him. Terror gagged as the foot's owner showed them he saw was Tom with his top off his form who gave him a sneer.
He gasped for air as Tom sneered "So do something to help yourself breathe now. Show me that your not defensiveness and fight me."
Terror grunted and with leg swinging got Tom's foot off his neck and found he was able to kick Tom off his feet. He got up in a fast swing up move finding Tom doing the same thing via acrobatic move. 
Terror frowned as Tom sneered again "So what else can you do hmm?"
He stood with arms to the sides and waited patiently as Tom gave up insults and kept on egging him to fight him despite he ignored the words. Terror ignored Tom and folded his arms waiting for Tom's anger to blow. He didn't have long as Tom with a burst of rage charged towards him full body attack which he stepped aside tripping the male. He found the water overtook the sandy island as Tom sputtered out water while shaking his head. Terror spoke loudly "You were saying, Tom?"
He found Tom giving off another roar and swinging himself up via acrobatic move and again throwing punches aimed at him. He easily ducked the punches that seemed erratic and swinging all over the place aimed at him. Terror forced himself to be calm and avoided Tom's swinging fists and kicking legs till the male kneeled onto the ground panting for breath gasping loudly.
He frowned as Tom spoke "I need a nap."
Terror frowned again as he found himself back into the High Council's throne room he glimpsed a recording of the fight above him that turned itself off.
He glared at the High Council as Shad was heard "Your terrible, Mindbender, to let your anger take control-"
"Shut up!" He heard from Tom sounding angry interrupting the speaker.
He found Tom appeared to have gained his second wind of strength that got up to stand snarling in some angry growling noise followed by showing his familiar bony look and waving a bony hand towards the High Council. 
"Of all the times we asked him to do this he had to do it now." He heard from both Speakers speaking in unison.
Terror frowned but remained silent till he felt compelled to speak his familiar line of forgiveness obeyed only to find both Speakers blurting "My son, Mindbender, don't you dare do this!"
He gulped but kept his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Tom who jabbed a finger at the High Council via bony finger and without a word walked away still heard growling he tracked left the room. Terror shifted to face the High Council feeling the Falcons' hands onto his arms.
He heard "What should we do with this idiotic fool with secrets never silent around him?"
Terror spoke "Excuse me, someone tried to will this away from me but only caused me to silent without able to talk."
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard blared in his mind "Yep, he's telling the truth. Breaker tried to will aside his Forgiveness status as Terror refers it. Only to cut off his voice as a result."
He frowned hearing the voice of the Meritanian blaring in his mind as he glared at the High Council only find a light show flashing in front of him followed by seeing Barry in sight. He frowned as Anubis clamped a hand over his mouth when he spoke his familiar line cutting him off.
Terror got from Barry in response "You familiar with the four horsemen hmm, High Council?"
He frowned hearing Barry's question that remained silent as Shad spoke "Famine, plague, sword and death are the four horsemen."
Terror frowned as Barry looked his direction before focused onto the High Council as his Father spoke "Four horsemen aka four sons of Horus."
He felt confusion hitting him as he heard "Argh!" spoken by both speakers.
Terror frowned as he eyed the High Council as Barry added "I see you figured it out like I figured it out. Want me to have the Meritanians to transport my son out?"
He found the Falcons and Anubis released their holds onto him followed by finding himself falling towards a tree with the sun setting on the horizon. Terror grunted and forced himself to land onto the tree's branch only to feel a hand grab him via the neck area as he found himself standing onto the ground and gagged by Nikolai.
Nikolai snarled "I'm not amused with your forgiveness stunt! Perhaps I should erase you from this planetary world!"
Terror gagged out his familiar line of forgiveness only to get interrupted "You insulted me with that line of forgiveness of yours, you..."
He found Nikolai trailed off giving off grunting sounds followed by hearing "I couldn't save Egyptia from scientist that created the Bloodies who destroyed it with an eternal darkness shield. I couldn't save Terra from them either who tried to destroy it with them seen as a deity lord. Nightwalker on his deathbed via my hand cursed that Terra will be destroyed by fire which his curse came true Argh!"
Terror again spoke his familiar line of forgiveness finding Nikolai snarling while again still gagging him to make him gasp for air "I tried to destroy the Egyptians' creations on Terra but they insisted they live in peace with forgiveness said to them. I refused to accept this forgiveness bit done onto the Bloodies as a slayer of them and only remaining slayer living Argh!"
Terror found his air cut off by Nikolai's hand choking him as he heard a choking sound coming from the male he confused to why there was choking. He found himself freed to breathe for air while gasping loudly and groaning. He gasped for air as he found Jinks in vicinity having a hand up, displaying all black eyes and having a hand up facing Nikolai who was kneeling nearby while gasping for air.
Terror saw that Jinks wasn't going to release Nikolai spoke after catching his breath "I forgive you, Nikolai and ease you from the burden of pain you caused me."
He bent down gasping for air and heard Nikolai gave up a loud gasp followed by coughing sounding loudly. He straightened up his form to frown finding Jinks had released Nikolai and was standing with arms folded. 
Terror got up without a word and went to Jinks to speak firmly "Leave him alone with his pain."
He took Jinks' arm and pulled the male away from Nikolai he heard sobbing loudly from behind as they walked away. He ignored Nikolai's wailing that sounded like howls of pain. 
Terror found Jinks grimacing who snarled "Someone should shut him up for that noise."
He halted their walk and spoke firmly towards Jinks "Just let him yell. It's better than using fists onto people. Besides this is the Annoyov Barack Station a place-"
He was interrupted "of peace not war where species can get together and learn to get along including not using violence. Yah I know the story." He got from Jinks in response.
Terror sighed and spoke firmly "When I'm furious with something I yell or scream my head off whenever I can't do anything physical. Just let him yell. He'll feel much better from it."
He saw Jinks grimace but remained silent as he took Jinks' arm and pulled the male away from the noises Nikolai was making. Terror found Airens coming from trees going to Jinks appearing to be fawning over the male as he let go of his arm. He sighed as Jinks made a shooing gesture which he obeyed to walk away following a familiar path leading to the garden entrance to find the door open and two Leaders standing there amid the moonlight with arms folded, glares on their faces.
Terror spoke his familiar line and clamped a hand over his mouth only to get T'La signing "Leader Jinks reminds me of a child that needs to be led around here learning how to function including discipline."
He frowned as D'Clan spoke in response "You want to explain that noise I'm hearing involving someone yelling?"
Terror sighed and spoke "Just someone furious with themselves and screaming to avoid using fists onto people. I used to scream when I'm angry whenever I can't do anything physical to get rid of my anger. Ignore that."
He frowned as D'Clan and T'La gave him narrowed glares as he walked by them only to hear "Just go to the Command Center, Terror. We'll handle this screamer."
He sighed and found brother and sister walking further into the forest as he groaned and took a private route to the Command Center taking the lengthy way to there. Terror again found the doors remained shut to his confusion when he banged against them. Groaning he went to the Ambassadorial room to find the Ambassadors there that became silent staring at him with looks that made him think it was anger. 
Terror spoke firmly "I'm not a library for secrets to be known! I can't help it when I speak that stupid line of forgiveness of mine!"
He found himself speaking his familiar line grunted an annoyed sound only to hear "The name is Nikolai and I don't like talking about myself very much."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Nikolai standing in the doorway with a jagged scar twin to Jinks' familiar scar on his face but this time wasn't shaped into a Kang mark. He frowned eyeing Nikolai warily to find Jinks entering the room finding Nikolai to his shock shifting his form into a Jinks' twin but this time was wearing a karate uniform and black gloves on his hands. 
Terror exhaled a breath as Jinks ignored the twinning spoke "Leader Jinks is my name and welcome to Annoyov Barack Station, Nikolai. Interesting trick of yours altering your form."
He frowned eyeing the Jinks' twin who turned to each member of the Ambassador shifting form into twins like them followed by resuming the Nikolai form and speaking "I prefer this form when it comes to communicating my wants and wishes to people. Nikolai is I admit it an Earthari that discovered me and my species on a distant planetary world dubbed Egyptia by the name and tried to communicate with us. Communication didn't go very well at all. Hence I having his form for that in his honor of the saying 'Peace not war.'"
He sighed hearing the familiar words spoken by the Queen to frown while eyeing Nikolai to find the Ambassadors introducing themselves as he found himself translating for the Tennans, showing themselves. He found Nikolai not surprised to see the Tennans but surprised to see him translating and acting as the Ambassador. Terror found Leader Jinks going into his familiar spiel involving the Annoyov Barack Station as the Ambassadors left the room he followed finding a drone insisting on following to the garden. He obeyed to hear screaming sounding loudly in Nikolai's familiar voice tone to frown hearing it. Terror walked into the garden going to Nikolai's voice tone as if compelled to find Nikolai or twin of him lying on the ground screaming of pain over and over. He grunted an annoyed sound and went to Nikolai to place a hand over the male's mouth cutting his screaming. He found Nikolai kept on his widen eyed look and shaking his head as he head groaning noises nearby. Terror without a word stopped covering Nikolai's mouth who kept on screaming. He found T'La and D'Clan appear from a bush with creepy all blue eyes that shifted to all black looking as he again cut off Nikolai's screaming. 
Terror spoke his familiar line of forgiveness as he again heard the familiar groaning that sounded of T'La and D'Clan to him as both brother and sister remained staring at him.
Terror frowned speaking "Something I can do for you since this idiot is still yelling his head off?"
He got silence from D'Clan and T'La who shifted forms into figures showing armored twins of Victor from the looks of them and pulled out swords charging towards him. He grunted an annoyed sound and released Nikolai's mouth who screamed. He ignored Nikolai as the armored shape changers he figured were they reached him swinging their swords aimed at his neck. Terror ducked and forced himself to avoid their swinging swords till he got them both to charge at him at the same time via different directions. Terror fell into a perfect split tripping them both to hear grunts and groans from them. He looked up to find both armored figures had run their swords into their chests of their companion. Terror got up with an acrobatic move as the armored figures pulled out their swords showing leaking black blood. He frowned as the figures charged towards him which he again ducked till a pop sounded loudly along with a light show. Terror frowned as the figures disappeared into light shows as he again went to Nikolai still screaming away to place a hand covering his mouth. He waited for Nikolai to acknowledge him who kept on his widen eyed look of terror. 
Terror groaned softly and spoke "Drat."
He again heard additional pops to find two armored figures appearing into light shows swinging their swords at his head he motionless unable to move as if compelled. 
Terror grimaced as he heard himself speaking "I am sword for I run you with my power."
He found the swords breaking apart once they hit his neck followed by grunting groans of the two armored figures who sank to the ground and appeared to have bodies turned to dirt. He frowned as he eyed Nikolai while patting the male on the cheek who kept his widen eyed look of terror while still screaming muffled. Terror groaned softly as T'La and D'Clan arrived in view from shaking their heads and both appearing to be shaking pain from their heads. 
He spoke "Anything can be done about Nikolai here?"
Terror eyed D'Clan and T'La warily as brother and sister appeared to have heard him without a word went to Nikolai lying on the ground. He frowned as T'La pulled out a dart gun and injected it into Nikolai's neck who quit his screaming and widened eyed look followed by shutting his eyes. He thought he heard a howl of pain sounding within his mind as he found his All Seeing One power restored to him by images flashing in his mind. 
Terror frowned removing his hand as he spoke "T'La, what did you give him?"
He frowned as T'La signed as if hearing him via tech implant "Some medicinal concoction, Doctor Yong created for knocking out people asleep. Appears its powerful enough to put him down from his screaming status."
He frowned but didn't comment a response as D'Clan spoke "So tell me how you knew his name is Nikolai anyway?"
Terror spoke the story entirely including meeting Nikolai's twin in the Ambassadorial room and seeing brother and sister's twin via armored forms. 
He found himself believed by T'La and D'Clan who spoke "It explains why we came upon our twins when walking to the screaming sound."
Terror frowned but picked up Nikolai swinging him over his shoulder finding the male remained asleep as he got from T'La "We'll help you get him to medical bay unnoticed."
He found what the kids meant as in transporting him to the garden's entrance to meet Barry standing there with cane in hand a glare on his face. Terror found dread hitting him instead of his familiar sense involving Barry hitting him.
He spoke firmly "Kindly get rid of that form. You look ridiculous."
He found Barry's form shredding backwards into a familiar armored figure of Victor's form followed by growling noises heard and sword thrust out via back. Terror frowned as T'La without a word walked up to the armored figure and rolled her sleeve showing bare white arm and placed a hand onto the male's chest keeping it there while appearing to be staring at him. 
Terror frowned hearing groaning noises from Nikolai as he felt himself holding armor via the form to realize with a start "He's one of your people isn't he? Then why was he screaming like he was in pain?"
He frowned finding the armored figure twin of Victor putting aside his sword and gently peeled off T'La's hand off his chest and folding his arms while taking a step back. 
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response to that as D'Clan spoke loudly "There's a place of healing for species to go to. It's where we were taking your companion from his bout of pain by the way he screamed."
Terror didn't comment a response as he heard a ripping sound from the armored figure he was holding gently put him down onto the ground to frown finding his form cracking apart like shedding skin. He frowned finding a new version of Victor coming out of the cracked skin area and shaking the shed skin off. 
He sighed and spoke "Excuse me."
Terror without a word removed a piece of skin from the Victor twin's arm before tossing it aside. He got a fist over the heart area via the figure in response followed by the male walking away. Terror frowned while eyeing the other armored twin of Victor who shifted form into Nikolai followed by giving him a glare of accusation via the facial expression.
He spoke "Your companion was heard screaming of pain and terror. It was assumed he was hurt from something but not sure what it was when these two Leaders, peacekeeping force of the station went to his aid. Pardon us for not realizing that the noise is normal for your species."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as Nikolai with the scar on his face rubbed the area via hand as if angry about something then shook his head and resumed form of the Victor twin and walked into the forest out of sight. He groaned softly and got ordered by D'Clan to come along which he obeyed. Terror followed them both into the station he finding himself not saying his familiar line of forgiveness instead remained silent as they took a route to the Command Center. He found the doors opening to let them inside which he went to sit down near a screened monitor and found Yana still running operations while having Terran in a sling via her chest he assumed was where the baby was. He frowned as Yana seemed relentless with her orders and found the sling involved her arm as indicated by her gesturing it and Terran no where in sight to his confusion. Terror heard singing in response to his attempt to see via his ability to find Sora appearing next to him giving him a glare. He forced himself to pay attention to Yana running operations despite unsure of why her arm was in a sling and her son no where in sight. 
Terror frowned once Eli spoke "Shift over, Commander, leave deck."
He heard loud music blaring to get up without a word and escorted Yana out of the room followed by hearing music's silence. 
He spoke "Where's Terran and what's going on with your arm?"
Terror heard a hiss of breath from Yana followed by her speaking "I went to medical bay for a check up on Terran's health. Leader Jinks on a visit insisted I do it period. He sounded like this new Ambassador Nikolai when he spoke his order to me. I was forced to agree by pain in my arm hitting me too much time. I went to medical bay and received a transfusion of blood into my arm hence the sling. It appears I was sucked of my blood via some source Doctor Yong indicated he knew what it was but refused to expound the source. Instead insisted on babysitting Terran as he calls him instead of Tam-Mykola's name while I did my shift. I'm on my way to medical bay to insist on Doctor Yong to tell me what's going on. I want you with me."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as he and Yana took a route to the medical bay to hear the familiar alarm going off followed by Alexa walking into view via a doorway. 
"Terran?" He heard from Yana "What's going on?"
Terror spoke his forgiveness line to get Alexa speaking "Terran is actually a medical experiment that Doctor Yong admitted to be doing onto females for creating the perfect soldier for fighting-"
"What?" he heard Yana interrupt as he found his familiar sense involving someone familiar hit again.
He spoke with dread fully in his voice as Yana became silent "Commandant, I see being dead isn't going to keep you down isn't it?"
Terror heard gasps as the Commandant arrived from a patient room fully alive with scars on his form via cracked clothes and Alexa looking like her was sneering. 
He spoke "So where have you been actually anyway?"
Terror gulped as he sensed his mind scanned by the Commandant followed by the male's creepy voice speaking "High Council? What do you know of them, Terror?"
He heard the firmness of the Commandant's voice tone within his mind obeyed to speak everything he knew of the High Council as if compelled within his mind.
Terror found the Commandant added mentally "Just see me to a room, Terror. Alexa, assure Yana that I meant no harm to her."
He obeyed to follow the Commandant into a patient room followed by the male giving off a loud growl and thumping fists onto him he ducked. 
Terror ducked the fisting repeatedly till the Commandant halted and snarled into his mind "The High Council claimed responsibility to restoring me from a dead status. They claimed that it was you, as my brother, as a reason why they did the restoring and reason why they had my daughter carries a genetic experimental weapon within her."
He exhaled a breath but remained silent as the Commandant added "The High Council when they restored me claimed that their breeding soldiers of war despite the Slayers put on their planet. I'm not even sure of what's this attitude of war for."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as the Commandant continued mentally "The High Council, gave me orders for me to talk to you what happened to me. That was it including showing myself to my daughter Life and my brothers. Their doctor doesn't know of this and is busy babysitting a blood sucking vampire offspring from the way he kept on latching onto people's fronts with his teeth and appearing to be growing into some fast spurt."
Terror formed a frown as the Commandant formed a disgusted expression on his face followed by hearing "The High Council kept on calling me, Death, whatever that name means in my face as my own name despite I go by the title of Commandant. They claim they had originated my existence and why I'm back from the dead as they created me they can destroy me."
Terror didn't comment a response as the Commandant disappeared into a light show he figured was transported out by the Meritanians. He walked out of the room to find Yana leaning against the wall next to the door looking upset to him. Terror frowned but placed a hand onto Yana's shoulder and kept his mouth shut. 
He waited as Yana acknowledged him by speaking "Alexa claims that my creation was for replacing a deceased female the Commandant was fond of mating wise. Sort of like the relationship between you, Terror and I. Except he wound up seeing me as a daughter for some unexplained reason and not like his mate replacement. What did he say to you anyway?"
Terror spoke in response "Death? You know anybody with that name?"
He got Yana giving off a gasp sound followed by her looking at him with an all black eyed look making him nervous. Terror gulped as she gave him a glare and he spoke the entire story of what the Commandant said to him. 
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and didn't talk more as Yana spoke "The Commandant, aka Death was an ancestor of the family. Sort of originated my family line on Shadan. Then the line fell to Terror who went to Terra and originated me and my line there. I'm back to Shadan like I said this time as it's dubbed."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as Yana looked away while leaning against the wall. 
He frowned while staring at her as she added "Alexa admitted this genetic experimental thing done onto me and Terran by the doctors. I don't think I can carry another child anyway for how long that'll take. I'm just too scared to bother doing it."
He sighed and gently hugged Yana who didn't protest followed by releasing her as she added "I admit it, I'm really an Airhead, talk for someone who favors same genders for mating rituals."
Terror kept his mouth shut as Yana added "The Commandant and my feelings towards him mating wise is reason why I'm an Airhead when it comes to mating. I don't usually allow myself to mate with males but females I usually do it. There's exceptions of me mating with males but that's when I feel up to doing it for the experience and to know what its like is before I forget."
Terror frowned as Yana continued "Just leaves me alone for awhile. I'm too upset to be in your company."
He groaned softly and without a word walked away finding Jinks walking his direction he blocked with his body and a hand. He gave Jinks a glare who gave him an all black eyed glare in response.
Terror spoke firmly "Just leave her alone like she asked me to-"
He was interrupted "Plague is fine being in my company. I got things to admit to him in private." He heard from Yana behind him.
Terror sighed and spoke "Excuse me."
He walked away leaving Jinks and Yana alone and went towards the medical bay's entrance to hear a sucking sound indicating of a vampire feeding. Terror felt his familiar annoyance take hold followed the sound into a room finding the bathroom door was opened and the sound continued. He peered into the bathroom to find a Nightwalker's twin inside appearing to be sucking away onto Doctor Yong via the neck area and appeared to be busy draining the doctor of his life's blood. Before he could protest he felt a hand onto his arm followed by yanked away from the scene he finding the hand's owner was Alexa displaying her familiar all blacked eyed look while scanning him. He found his efforts to free his arm blocked by Alexa scanning his mind who got him out of the room into the hallway to Medical Bay's entrance and ordered out.
Terror spoke "What's going on-"
"Out!" He got ordered by Alexa who pushed him backwards followed by slamming the doors to the Medical Bay shut in his face.
Terror gave up a loud Hmph sound and spoke loudly "Vampires and their subjects seeing them as deities. Disgusting."
He made a motion to walk forwards only to feel steel of a sword onto his neck. 
Terror looked off his right seeing the sword belonged to a Souler as he added "What? What do you want now?"
He glared at the Souler who blared in his mind "Explain your comment now, Slayer."
He spoke firmly what he saw in a bathroom involving a twin of Nightwalker and the rudeness of Alexa kicking him out.
Terror quit talking as the Souler spoke "Nightwalker? You call him that name?"
He spoke "Of course that's the name I call him-"
"Nikolas, I prefer that name to that yucky name anyway." He was interrupted by blaring in his mind.
Terror frowned finding the Souler removing his sword off his neck and pushing him to move. He peered through the Medical Bay to find no one in sight to indicate that voice said in his mind as the Souler made a shooing gesture. 
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response to think to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
"Of course it's weird, Terran." He heard within his mind making him confused.
Terror mentally spoke in response "What?"
He walked away as if compelled finding the voice refused to answer his question he grumbled annoyingly to go to the Command Center only to find the doors refused to open to his annoyance. Terror without a word went to the Ambassadorial room finding no one inside. 
He went to a couch and laid his form down onto it and shut his eyes thinking to himself "Bizarre station."
Terror heard "I'm not bizarre!" as he shut his eyes.
He groaned and mentally spoke "Just let me sleep in peace."
"Nighty night" He heard as he passed out unconscious.

Chapter Twenty
Terror woke up hearing loud music blaring of a ringing noise loudly in his ear. He groaned and made a motion to roll over only to find himself held up by familiar hands indicating them belonged to the Falcons. Terror jerked his eyes open shaking the sleep from his eyes and glared at the High Council with annoyance running through him. He kept the glare as he noticed Barry there but his familiar sense involving his Father didn't hit. 
Terror spoke firmly "That's not Barry."
He heard snickering like laughter sounding in his mind only to hear Barry's voice speaking gibberish to his confusion followed by the familiar feeling of his Father hitting him. 
He grunted an annoyed sound as Barry turned around jabbing his cane in his direction and speaking "The High Council aren't the only ones doing manipulating of genetics and experiments onto manoids around Planet Aire. The Soulers are doing that too, like they did with a twin of Nightwalker himself, Nikolai."
Terror gaped of shock hearing that as Barry added "Those Ancient Ones, species you met, Nikolai with your appearance, are one experiment for the Soulers to hide in plain sight as anyone without hiding from eyesight's view. They depend on tech to hide actually hence they hidden all over the place. The Ancient Ones, as their called were created to help them hide and keep their Souler persona of fear onto the restless natives of the station in question."
Terror kept on gaping as Barry spoke "They use their persona to gain animals from natives for testing of creating more of their species in some quarantine status when it's an excuse to test them and use those tests onto themselves in question. The High Council did succeed in erasing their ability to create offsprings via normal mating wise. Hence they dependant onto creating more of their people via experiments onto manoids including whoever is foolish enough to fall for their pity me behaviors."
Terror found his mouth clamped shut by Anubis as Barry continued speaking "The Soulers gained the attention of the Fishla on a planetary world where they were actually creating more of their species via other means than just mating wise. The Fishla fell for their pity me behavior and transported them to world to world where they've been creating more of their kind via experiments including on the Zesky warship of theirs."
Terror spoke once Barry was silent, Anubis removing his hand "Don't you know anything involving a certain male's female back planet bound posing as this Terror's female?"
He got Barry's eyes narrowed with a glare in them as he spoke "Jason their leader admitted to me after I spoke with him of this Victoria Montreal back planet bound as this Yana Renova. Breaker arrived and prevented more talk. It was Breaker who tried to use his voice talent to get my silence. Only silenced my voice actually but managed to restore it."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line as Barry spoke "Interesting. It does explain what's going on with Mindbender who's throwing a hissy fit again."
Terror frowned as Barry disappeared into a light show followed by the Speakers speaking loudly "Excuse us, Barry, for the transportation order but we want a private talk with Nikolai alone."
He frowned to hear a Meritanian speaking the words while blasting talk in his mind to his disgust. 
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as the speakers spoke "Ramses, we want file on Mesan's Curse now please."
He heard blared "The High Council want the file on Mesan's Curse now."
Terror frowned hearing the Meritanian's voice sounded of sarcasm as he found an overhead projection view with lights dimming. It was followed by a screen appearing above his head he looked up to see and gasped seeing the contents of the file. Terror gulped seeing the contents of the file involving the species of Mesan's Curse some manoid being wearing black scaly clothes like a snake and a round barrel shaped head with swords thrust out from behind their backs. He frowned hearing silence from the projection kept on watching as the screen showed a familiar male he recognized with shock as if knowing who he was, Dictator, Jason, Eric Zesky himself to his shock. He frowned as the projection continued flashing various images appearing to be recorded then focused onto a planet he recognized as Terra. He frowned as the images indicated a satellite focused onto one part of the planet of Terra he saw was the United States' land in the middle of it but appeared to not have the ocean but land. He frowned as the satellite continued to show a warship appearing to look sinister landing onto the ground followed by a gangplank opening and figures appearing to be High Council servants hauling a naked big Human male and dump him onto the ground followed by going back into the warship and the vessel flying away. Terror continued to watch feeling his arms freed from the Falcons as the male lying on the ground appeared to be Human was found by another Human wearing clothes seemingly odd to him and hauled onto a vehicle ancient by the looks and driven away via a horse pulling the thing. Terror kept on watching as if compelled as the scene showed the clothes male reached a house and got the naked male inside he saw was Human by the looks and saw the naked male's face. He frowned fully as the scene changed to show a crowd gathered outside the house waving sticks followed by motion stopping as the familiar naked male came out wearing clothes and towering over one of the people near the doorway. Terror found the projection screen stopping and shifting off as if the file reached its end followed by focusing onto the High Council.
Shad spoke "So what do you know of this Human male you saw on the screen hmm?"
Terror spoke in response "I don't know a thing."
He heard in response "He's telling the truth. He knows nothing."
Terror frowned hearing the voice sounded of Jinks but had an oldness tone in it to find Jinks or twin standing next to him along with Tom. He frowned eyeing Jinks he noticed was dressed in a familiar karate uniform with familiar black gloves on his hands and his familiar scar on his face visible to see. 
Terror looked away towards the High Council as Shad spoke "Transport Plague as he wishes to be called to us now."
He found a light flash followed by Leader Jinks, via appearance appearing onto the floor in some sleeping status. He heard a sound of disgust via his twin he figured said it and heard the familiar ringing noises. Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as Leader Jinks woke up swinging himself up with an acrobatic move to stand with eyes all black. Terror spoke his familiar line of forgiveness again he clamped a hand over his mouth. 
He found both speakers speaking "Four horsemen, the four sons of Horus, where is the fourth son?"
Terror felt annoyance take hold hearing that as he eyed Tom with a glare he figured was the answer to the question who's form shifted into Nikolai from the looks of him.
Nikolai, he glared at noticed his stare spoke "The fourth would be an offspring of mine."
He shifted to glare at the High Council as he spoke his line again only to get both speakers speaking "Thurin, with his protector Turbo is the fourth horseman, the fourth son of Horus."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line only to hear from both Jinks "That's a lie."
Terror sighed softly and didn't comment a response as Nikolai was heard "Don't sugarcoat it, twins."
Terror got from both Jinks in response "I'm not sugarcoating it. Thurin, your son isn't the fourth son. It's the Commandant, Death, who's the fourth actually fathered via Mindbender."
Terror hissed a breath hearing that spoken from both Jinks as the speakers were heard "Transport one Commandant to us now!"
He groaned softly to find the Commandant transported into sight followed by finding the male giving him glares and not sparing both Jinks either. 
Terror felt compelled to speak spoke "I am sword for I'll run you with my sword."
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard from one Jinks "I am plague where I'll plague the living."
He heard from other Jinks "I am famine for I'll give you famine."
Terror shifted to eye the Commandant who spoke using his creepy voice "I am death for there can be no life but death."
He found himself speaking in unison with both Jinks and Commandant "We are the four sons of Horus united again."
Terror heard nothing more from the High Council's speakers only Tom snarling while displaying his bony side as he found himself floating above his body to see it shift into a manoid with long blonde hair. Terror frowned as he found himself floating above to feel a hand gripping his hand he shocked to feel as he looked to find floating next to him was a small twelve year old girl child with all white eyes. Terror frowned as the girl child put a finger to her lips and without a word placed a hand onto his front he grunted from the pain of feeling coldness hitting him all over. Terror groaned from the coldness feeling hitting him as he felt a sword poking his neck. He groaned softly from the sword to raise his hands up in a surrender gesture he recognized he had hands in an adult body. Terror found his familiar All Seeing One power still flashing in his mind. He looked up to find a Souler was the sword's owner who removed something off the top of his head he finding was a mask to his confusion. Terror felt something sticking to his body all over from the neck down to his confusion as he raised himself to stand on wobbly legs. He kept his hands up while eyeing the Souler who shrugged a gesture and thrust the mask onto his front he caught and put on covering his head. 
Terror frowned finding the Souler walking away via hidden status as he grunted annoyed sound feeling ramming feeling onto his forehead along with hearing "Terror!"
He heard the voice sounded far away kept getting louder and louder to his confusion saying his name over and over till he felt a hand patting his cheek. He grunted shaking his head to feel himself lying on a bed from the feel including a hand patting him on the cheek. Terror shook sleepiness from him along with confusion hitting him to open both eyes to eye the hand's owner was Yana looking annoyed while holding onto Terran via her arms. 
He grunted out "Wha-"
Terror was interrupted "You fell asleep very deeply that I had trouble waking you up."
He grunted out "Just had one of my dreams that overtook me enough to feel like being someone else."
Terror got nothing in response from Yana as Terran gave up a wailing noise he grimaced hearing. 
Groaning he spoke "Shouldn't you be at the Command Center?"
Terror frowned as Yana thrust him a wailing Terran who he noticed was completely human to his satisfaction that stopped the noises and cooed while held by him. 
He frowned while eyeing Yana who spoke "Just watch him while I shower and get ready for the Command Center duty."
Terror groaned softly but didn't protest as Yana entered the bathroom. He heard the sound of shower turn on to eye Terran while making faces at his son who giggled in enjoyment. He sighed to reach out a finger to let Terran grip which he found gripped in a tight hold and kept his cooing noises. Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as he made faces at Terran followed by his son giving off a loud wail indicated he wanted to be fed. He found Yana fully in her uniform darting out of the bathroom hopping on one foot putting on her shoes and going to Terran to take into the other room. He followed her to find her putting a bottle of white stuff via nipple into Terran's mouth that sucked greedily. 
Terror frowned as Yana thrust him Terran while speaking "Just hold him."
He obeyed to find Terran still sucking away and ignoring the exchange. Terror held onto the bottle and frowned as Yana prepared some food his stomach rumbled in hunger. He sighed once Terran had his meal and recalled Yana's burping method copied her to do it to his son. He frowned as Yana ate her food fast not sharing him any to his confusion despite his throat clearing noises.
Yana spoke "You'll find the bottles for Terran to be fed in the fridge. Just feed him when he wants to be fed."
Terror sighed and sat on the couch eyeing Yana who after eating her meal put away her dishes and utensils then without a word left her quarters leaving him alone with Terran.
Groaning he heard the doorbell ringing spoke "Enter."
Leader Jinks came into the quarters speaking "Let me help out with that babysitting job your given regarding your son."
He sighed and didn't protest as Jinks instead of really helping him slept onto the couch and ignored his attempts to wake him up during Terran's wailing for food, burping and sleeping. Terror felt his stomach growled during Terran's sleeping periods went to the kitchen unit and took a look around trying to find food for himself. He was interrupted by a hand onto his arm by Jinks awake giving him an all black eyed glare.
Terror spoke "What? I'm hungry, my stomach is growling."
He got Jinks in response making an eye roll as he found his stomach kept on growling followed by the male speaking "When's the last time you used the private room for expelling manners hmm? You're giving off that stink involving it."
Terror sighed and Jinks added "I'll watch Tam-Mykola. Just do something about the smell of you."
He obeyed to make sure he wasn't lengthy in the bathroom for expelling and cleaning himself via the shower stall, with clothes removed. Terror once done walked out to find Terran not in his crib which he darted into the living room to find Jinks on the couch with his son lying asleep on top of the male's front on his back. He sighed and went to Jinks to remove Terran who ignored the removal and remained sleeping, the male rolling over in response. Terror sighed and went to the crib to place Terran inside who gave up a loud wailing noise he figured involving his own personal hygiene from the stink of him. Groaning he proceeded with Jinks' instruction to clean his son and bathed him in the kitchen unit's sink. He sighed once Terran was clean to place his son back into the crib who again wailed loudly. Terror groaned and found Jinks picking up Terran and followed the male carrying him to the couch to sit leaning back with his son sitting on his front and saw the male was rubbing the baby's back. He frowned while eyeing Jinks rubbing Terran's back as he heard humming noises from the male till he found his son conked out.
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as Jinks spoke while still holding Terran "So what do you know of the word love anyway?"
Terror spoke feeling himself annoyed "Just lovely dopey word for Humans or Earthari to use when declaring mates with someone."
He clamped his mouth shut to see Jinks' eyes turn all black making him nervous followed by the male's creepy voice "Anything else involving parents to offsprings?"
Terror inhaled a breath and spoke "I didn't receive this parent to offspring lovely dopey thing you're asking me about. I haven't gotten the faintest idea what's it's about."
Jinks, he saw, gave him a glare with eyes narrowed followed by speaking "What's going on with your childhood anyway?"
Terror sighed and spoke "I didn't have a childhood. I was born fully grown adult male-"
He cut himself off when he felt steel of a Souler's sword onto his neck along with hearing "That's enough of that talk. The Queen is throwing a hissy fit from what I'm hearing from her."
Terror cleared his throat and spoke noticing Jinks' glare become more glaring "I was born fully grown adult male underneath mysterious circumstances I'm not told what it was. My earliest memory was meeting someone named Ariel and what happened after that, I'm fuzzy on the details. Can't help matters on that."
He clamped his mouth shut while feeling the Souler's sword digging into his neck while eyeing Jinks with a frown who spoke after willing aside the all black eyed look "What did this Ariel teach you regarding parental offspring connection hmm?"
He felt the sword resumed its digging as he spoke firmly "Can't remember much of that. I do admit I can see various images in my mind like an All Seeing One enough to think those images are my memories. It's all over the place. I've given up trusting my mind when it comes to memorizing things. Even sometimes I've dreamed myself as this person or that person's point of view when I'm fallen asleep enough to lose myself to those memories in my mind."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line feeling relieved when the sword left his throat as Jinks spoke "Interesting-"
He interrupted "Just spare me that word. Had a bad dream involving someone using that word to hypnotic people into doing things bad enough to think it as my own memory when I know its someone else's point of view."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and got from Jinks in response "Oh. Have you heard of the name of Victoria Montreal?"
Terror opened his mouth to speak only to feel sword onto his neck along with hearing "Not one word of that talk to, Horus now."
He clamped his mouth and shook his head into a no gesture despite the name seemingly familiar to him but confused him. Terror frowned while eyeing Jinks who yawned making him yawn abruptly as he heard a third yawn as he felt the sword off his neck. He sighed and found Jinks appeared to lay his form down onto the couch still holding onto Terran and shut his eyes. Groaning he went into Yana's bedroom and threw himself onto the bed face forwards only to feel hands grabbing him from behind yanking him off to stand. Terror glared with annoyance running through him at the appearing Souler that had managed to follow him and got the doors to the bedroom shut. 
He glared at the Souler who without a verbal word spoke mentally to him "Lying down isn't appropriate for you to sleep. You'll lose yourself to those dreams of yours like you keep doing every time you lay down. Simply sleep sitting up and you'll be fine."
Terror spoke firmly "Who's Victoria Montreal and why is the name familiar to me?"
He glared at the Souler as he found the bedroom doors open to show Jinks having a hand onto Terran who spoke with his eyes all black in his creepy voice tone "I could hear you threatening Terror by how panicky he breathed. Quit that sword poking joke and leave now."
Terror glared at the Souler who faded from view followed by Jinks stepping aside into the room leaving a foot aside to hear a crash into the living room along with a roaring sound. Terror heard Terran wailing loudly as Jinks without a word thrust him the baby he clutched followed by the male walking out into the living room slamming the doors with a bang sound. He held onto Terran as he heard roaring noises within the living room to grimace from Jinks' voice appearing to be muffled and speaking despite the bedroom doors blocked out sound. He groaned and held onto Terran while going to sit onto the rugged floor holding his son who kept on wailing. 
Terror gently kissed Terran on top of the forehead and spoke "Don't mind the noises, my son. You're safe where you are."
He found the bedroom doors remained shut but the battle noise kept on raging muffled till the doors opened followed by Yana entering the bedroom with a glare on her face.
Terror sighed and spoke "I see your shift is over with-"
"Nope I came to check on Terran, mostly via senses cued to him indicating he's in trouble." Said Yana who added "Why is my couch's table in pieces like smashed?"
Terror sighed again and spoke "Just an argument between a Souler and Leader Jinks."
He got Yana giving him an all black eyed glare in response as he spoke "Leader Jinks and I was talking subject on my childhood. The Souler via hidden status threatened me to keep my mouth shut. Jinks figured out that stunt and retaliated hence the smashed table in the living room."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line while holding Terran who cooed being held as Yana spoke "And? What else aren't you not admitting hmm?"
Terror sighed and spoke the contents of his conversation with Jinks involving the name of Victoria Montreal, to Yana, who looked like she was shocked to hear, and what the Souler did including Jinks, tripping him enough to smash the table. 
He added "I got the impression that they don't like each other very much hence this tripping joke Jinks did."
He frowned as Yana without a word spoke "You owe me a table for that smashed status, Souler and quit sticking your sword onto my neck now."
Terror exhaled a breath to find a Souler appear from hidden status next to Yana while holding a sword onto her neck. 
He felt anger snarled angrily "Get that thing off my female's neck now!"
Terror got up in a fast move and stomped towards the Souler who faded from view removing the sword. 
He heard the sound of the apartment's door being manipulated shut as he cleared his throat and eyed Yana who spoke "You sure I'm your female?"
Terror spoke firmly while eyeing Yana in the eyes "I don't like seeing females hurt or threatened by males. It doesn't matter if its dominance or declaration of whom the female belongs to. I apologize for using the term 'My female.' It's just how I feel towards females being threatened."
Yana, he eyed spoke in response "Alright I get it your terms but refrain from using the term 'my female' to people even when I'm being threatened. I feel like a slave when people use that term onto me."
Terror sighed and spoke "Something I can do for you since your home in your quarters?"
He frowned as Yana spoke "Nope. Just going back to work. Just tell whoever fights to quit using my quarters as a battleground. The furniture isn't easily replaced for sentimental value reasons."
Terror gave a salute in response and resumed holding Terran while making faces at the baby who cooed. He heard Yana leave via the entrance door manipulated only to hear the sound of the air duct above being manipulated. Terror looked up with annoyance to find a drone crawling out onto the ceiling going to a white fussy figure to poke. 
He sighed eyeing them both as he heard loudly "Isn't polite to look up at the ceilings of places. It's bad luck to do that."
Terror heard the voice sounded alien to him as he resumed looking at Terran and made his familiar faces including letting his son hold one of his fingers. He sighed when Terran made his hungry wail sound to groan and got up carrying him to the living room door to manipulate them. Terror found a fist connecting with his face as he kept a hold onto Terran followed by his son yanked from his arms as he struggled to shake the repeated fisting. He grunted as he felt himself thrust backwards to hit the wall and felt himself pinned by an invisible wall. Terror grunted as he heard Terran wailing loudly he felt unable to speak by the familiar wall choking him. He grunted an annoyed sound as the wall remained followed by hearing the door to the apartment manipulated open. 
Terror frowned hearing loudly "The famous Tom, Mindbender, as said by Tam-Mykola MacLeod, will that status away now."
Terror frowned hearing Yana's voice sounded creepy and angry to him as he felt the wall stopped pinning him followed by hearing a loud growling noise of Tom's voice he recognized. He jumped down onto the floor and found Tom in the bedroom facing Yana who had arms folded and she looked angry despite the all black eyed look. 
Terror spoke "Terran, where did you put him?"
He glared at Tom who snarled "On the couch."
Terror spoke "Excuse me."
He made a motion to walk by Yana only to feel her hands blocking him and her speaking "Hold on a minute Terror."
Terror frowned but obeyed to stand next to Yana followed by her adding "Talk Terror as to what you meant calling me 'My female.'"
He gulped to notice Tom's eyes were golden Human colored that narrowed into a glare aimed at him he sensed violence from the male. Terror spoke firmly making sure he was eyeing Tom in the eyes his words verbatim what he said to Yana to explain his attitude towards females being threatened. 
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Yana spoke "Something you want to admit, Tom?"
Terror spoke his familiar forgiveness line again to find Tom willing forwards his bony look and waving bony hands into Yana's face who refused to flinch from the waving. He frowned as Yana without a word remained standing with arms folded a glare on her face refusing to blink from Tom's hand waving. 
Terror felt himself annoyed spoke loudly "Oh for crying out loud!"
He stepped in between Yana and Tom while snarling "Just scratch me, Tom as long as you keep Victoria from being scratched."
Terror, unaware he said Victoria not Yana, glared at Tom, who ignored him and kept on waving bony hands onto his face till he felt, fed up raised a hand fisting it and punched the male into the face off the side of the head. 
He found Tom willing aside his bony look and snarling in some angry voice tone "No other female but Victoria is mine period."
Terror heard nothing from Yana but she stepping into view and speaking "Tam-Mykola MacLeod left detailed information of this Victoria you're talking about, Tom. She's Jinks' daughter who disappeared mysteriously-"
"She's in front of me." He heard from Tom sounding firm while noticing the male was glaring at Yana who spoke ignoring Tom's outburst "Victoria had an untimely death according to MacLeod but not described what it was. It's the fact, Terror that Tom is still obsessed with this Victoria enough to see me as her when I'm not her."
Terror exhaled a breath and heard Terran crying loudly which he inhaled and spoke "Terran."
He went to make a move only to find Yana blocking his way with her hands resuming onto his front. 
He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response as Yana spoke "Meritanians, kindly transport Tom out and teach him a lesson that his Victoria isn't me."
Terror frowned as Tom disappeared into a light show despite hearing him yell "No!"
He went to Terran unstopped to pick up his son and carried him into the bedroom seeing Yana sinking down onto her knees and appeared to have a crying fit with eyes watering and her eyes shown Human blue. Terror sighed while holding Terran who wailed his hungry wail. He went into the living room ignoring Yana crying away to pull out a bottle of nourishment for Terran to feed his son. Terror frowned while eyeing Yana who kept on crying while rocking her form back and forth. 
He grunted as he spoke his familiar line again to get from Yana speaking "MacLeod gave full details of what really happened to Victoria as in she having her mind wiped of her love for Tom, and assimilated onto the Human population on basis for her writing career turned out so popular that they were demanding for her. MacLeod said that Victoria became an Airhead another term for mating among same genders and never married to anyone male wise. He also said that Victoria was in too much pain from the loss of not having a special someone she couldn't figure out who that she sought ways to leave Aire which MacLeod pointed out a way and she left. She wound up in the care of the Commandant, an Ancient One who's living long enough with telepathy to mind wipe her to think she's his daughter-"
Terror gasp of shock loudly hearing Yana's words as she kept on speaking while still sobbing "Victoria remembers everything including her love to Tom when she saw him and had to let go of him to move on to live with someone else."
Terror exhaled a breath and without a word got up and went to Yana aka Victoria Montreal herself, and placed a hand onto her shoulder he not commenting a word.
He kept his mouth shut as she spoke "Just hug me."
Terror obeyed while holding Terran she wrapping arms around them both. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line and didn't comment to Yana's hug seemed tight as she kept on sobbing quietly. 
Terror mentally thought to himself "Argh just wish this situation would be resolved."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking but sensed his mind scanned as he thought his thought. He figured to himself that Yana was mind scanning him which he ignored to gently hold her. 
Terror frowned as Yana quit sobbing followed by getting up and she speaking "Just baby sat, Terran, Terror, till I'm back from my shift. It's not over yet."
He sighed and went to sit on the rugged floor while holding onto Terran as he heard Yana left the apartment. Terror frowned while hearing a growling noise appearing to come from the above. He heard a click sound above to avoid looking up he figured a drone was making the noises. Terror resumed taking care of Terran till the apartment door opened while he was sleeping with his son seated onto his lap from a sitting cross legged position. Terror frowned opening his eyes to find Jinks in sight who gave him a glare which he spoke his familiar line to his annoyance.
Terror spoke before Jinks could speak "Just spare me whatever secret you know."
He looked away as Terran gave up a loud wail which he groaned finding his son refused to quiet down. Terror didn't protest as Jinks snatched Terran from him who quit wailing to coo while held by the male. 
He sighed and got up from the floor while eyeing Jinks who snarled "Why is Yana Renova admitting to being Victoria Montreal, my daughter via recording her saying that in front of you?"
Terror sighed and spoke firmly "I spoke my line involving forgiveness and that's what I got from her. Don't ask me what I'm supposed to be doing to this situation-"
He felt himself choking finding Jinks had willed forwards his all black eyed look and was holding up a hand in his direction as Terran was silently held in an arm's grip. 
Terror gulped as Jinks spoke "Something you want to admit Terror as you call yourself?"
He spoke finding himself no longer choking "What? I'm babysitting Terran here-"
Terror again got choked by Jinks who narrowed his eyes into a glaring stare aimed at him. 
He felt himself able to breathe heard Jinks speaking the forgiveness line in a firm creepy voice tone to find himself speaking as if compelled "I'm Terror, a creation of the Soulers."
Terror found the scene changed to find himself into the High Council's throne room with Jinks there still holding Terran cutting him off. 
He gulped as the Speakers spoke his familiar forgiveness line which he wound up repeating what he said to Jinks including "I am the male to the Queen the Tennans for only I can mate with her and no other male period."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited feeling the Falcons restraining him to his annoyance. 
Terror glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Interesting that the Soulers are desperate to keep this fact to themselves instead of sharing this with us. Hence the hissy fit their throwing on their warship according to the Meritanians Tank and Merra telling us this."
Terror kept the glare in response as he recalled a memory as if compelled within his mind.
He spoke firmly "You, High Council is seeing Mindbender, as your own offspring who is acting like a spoiled brat not getting it that his female deserves to have her own life."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as both speakers spoke "Transport this Terror out with Horus now!"
Terror found himself back into Yana's quarters with Jinks next to him who was still holding onto Terran. He went to Jinks who stepped back giving him a glare with his Human blue eyes he saw had accusation in them.
Terror spoke firmly "I saw in my mind that there was a Mindbender, an Earthari male before Tom who the High Council saw as an offspring like terms enough to say it to that male's presence. The Mindbender back then was accepting to those words. Enough to do anything what the High Council ordered even assassinate his own Father. I saw this in my mind when in presence of the High Council. I suspect that their seeing Tom with this view in question. Hence they letting him get away with his hissy fit regarding Victoria."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and didn't comment a response to Jinks who walked forwards and thrust him Terran which he took. 
He found Terran appeared to have conked out asleep as Jinks was heard creepy voice speaking despite Human blue eyes seen "Anything you want to admit being born fully grown adult?"
Terror heard growling noises of Tennans above him to recognize the noise was Tennans' speak "Shut up and don't talk more of this."
Terror spoke firmly "I have an agreement with the Tennans not to mention further details of my existence or the reason why I'm their ambassador in question."
He clamped his mouth shut and walked away ignoring Jinks to sit down onto the rugged floor followed by putting Terran down onto his lap who remained sleeping. 
He added "Something I can do for you Jinks?"
He glared at Jinks while hearing silence from the Tennans above him who spoke his familiar forgiveness line and found himself speaking in response "It was I, not Barry who mated with a Tennan Airhead style that formed the Commandant, telepath, in the process as in body exploding to show him in place of it. The Commandant used Victoria Montreal as his own servant dubbed Yana Renova and shared that attitude towards me and whoever had special abilities to keep him alive. That's all I remember. Don't ask me further."
Terror again got Jinks speaking his familiar line to groan finding himself speaking "The Soulers created me out of experiments with the Tennans as in capturing one and doing experiments onto one to create a Humanoid which I wound up created in the process via tube and from a Tennan's body. The Tennans threw a hissy fit as a result due to that their all connected via mind and weren't pleased The Tennans' Queen was created by the Soulers manipulating a warship dubbed Tolyatti or pieces of it to form her in response to the Tennans' hissy fit. The Queen, the original, wound up favoring me as an offspring and kept me around her too much despite I identified as various other forms of manoid life a view that got passed down onto other Queens. The Tennans as a result have thrown wars for getting me into their possession a favors attitude towards me including taking out other planetary worlds in their attempts to possessive me."
He clamped his mouth shut while hearing Tennan growling noises sounding loudly which he added "Their not happy with what I said to you by the noises their making."
Jinks he glared at with annoyance looked up at the ceiling before walking away and not commenting a word. He sighed only to hear a thud noise via the closed bedroom doors to keep hearing thudding and banging onto it. He felt compelled to remain seated while having Terran on his lap. Terror frowned to shut his eyes and focused via All Seeing One power onto what was happening beyond the room. He found himself seeing something else instead as in Tom pacing while contained in a jail cell from the looks of it. Terror focused as if compelled despite unsure if he was really controlling his ability.

Chapter Twenty One
Tom paced back and forth feeling his mood bad again. 
He snarled out "Victoria is mine."
He kept on repeating his words as he paced back and forth while contained in the brig belonging to the High Council. Tom felt his mood become worse off quit his pacing to will forward his Berserker side only to find Anubis standing behind the cell bars that gave up a growl. He found the bars sliding open with a bang sound followed by feeling gloved hands of the Falcons onto his arms in tight ironclad holds. 
Tom found himself back in the High Council's presence speakers ordering "Will that status away now, Mindbender!"
He obeyed as if compelled despite still angry. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Well what should we do with you, Mindbender?"
Tom snarled out "Victoria is mine."
He felt his mood still bad as ever as he gave the High Council a golden eyed glare he ignoring the speakers speaking "Mindbender! Will that evil eyed look away now!"
Tom ignored the High Council to give out a loud roar of anger finding himself no longer in their presence but at the familiar sandy beach where he fought Jinks before multiple times. He sensed himself filmed ignored it to do karate movements only to feel a foot connect with his leg when doing a karate kick knocking him down onto the sandy ground. Tom got up in a fast move via acrobatic move to find his Victoria clad in her alien uniform with short hair in the color of brown standing with hands up she making a come gesture with her hand and showing all black eyes. Tom felt his mood plummet further seeing that from Victoria who he knew from memory of her never shown fight gestures instead hugged him. He felt rage willed forwards the Berserker only to find it willed aside and kept aside as if compelled. Tom felt his rage take control as he charged at Victoria ignoring that she was kicking and punching him back using alien karate onto him halting his charge. He grunted from her foot connecting with his stomach to gulp out air before kneeling and shutting his eyes willing himself to calm. Tom sensed Victoria gone by the familiar click sound to groan while rocking his form crying tears as he felt his mood no longer bad but sadness hitting him. 
He wailed "Victoria!"
Tom wailed Victoria's name over and over till his throat became raw from the screaming till he curled into a ball and forced himself to sleep ignoring the water overtaking the island covering him as he found himself transported out. He found himself transported to the High Council's throne room feeling dead inside as he got up and didn't say a word to the High Council sensed watching him. He stood with his clothes plastered to his form while staring at the floor waiting for the High Council to pass judgment. 
Tom didn't have long to wait as he heard "Mindbender, my son, the pain will go away. Don't worry about it. Let us take care of you, my son, by serving us with undivided loyalties."

Terror jerked opened his eyes from the scene in his mind that was twin to the memory of the first Mindbender. 
He saw fully in his mind of Tom speaking "You have my loyalty, High Council. I will serve you with undivided loyalties as you wish."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the dead monotone voice Tom spoken in to groan finding the image in his mind going away followed by his mind cluttering up with junky images. He shifted to focus onto Terran he saw was awake and appeared to be staring at him with blue eyes that seemed like his son knew something he didn't know. 
Terror spoke firmly addressing Terran "Terran, there's a saying 'Isn't life a bitch?'-"
He was interrupted by Terran giving off his hungry wailing noises he sighed and got up going to the living room to find the couch on its back and Jinks groaning from lying on top of it while shaking his head. Terror ignored Jinks who resumed a sleeping status as he went to grab a bottle of nourishment for Terran who sucked it down greedily. He went to sit on the couch poking up in the air ignoring Jinks who woke up swinging up in an acrobatic move. 
Terror spoke "Relax it's just me."
He gave Jinks a glare who spoke after giving him an all black eyed glare his familiar forgiveness line he found himself blurting what he saw involving Tom verbatim including hearing the voice tone of Tom's speaking his loyalty words to the High Council.
Terror felt himself annoyed spoke "Anything else you want to know, Jinks since I'm nothing but a damned library for secrets to be blabbed?"
He glared at Jinks who willed aside the creepy eyed look and spoke "Get off the couch now, Terror. I have to right it before Yana as she calls herself daughter mine comes back into here."
Terror exhaled a breath but didn't comment found himself obeying as Jinks with great strength set the couch to order followed by sitting on it crossing his legs and giving him a glare. 
He found the door to the quarters open followed by Yana coming into sight who spoke "What did you do to my couch?"
Terror spoke "He slept in it what else?"
Terror got Yana giving him a glare in response followed by her snatching Terran out of his arms bottle and all and she speaking in a creepy voice tone "Terror, go play with the Tennans since you're their ambassador and leave me alone with Leader Jinks now."
He exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response walked out of the quarters towards the hallway only to feel a fist connect with his face he falling backwards hitting the floor shaking his head. 
Terror shook the pain to hear "Get out and take your battle out of my quarters now!"
He found a male with short black hair wearing smooth uniform of an Earthari giving him a golden eyed glare with black facial hair that grabbed him by the throat and with great strength hauled him out of the quarters. Terror gagged gasping for air as the male kept a hand hold onto his neck while hearing growling noises of Tennans.
He gagged out "The...Tennans...are...throwing...hissy...fit-"
He was interrupted by the male snarling "Enough of that talk now, Terror."
Terror heard the male using a firm voice tone sounding of Nikolai to him in hidden status, as he felt himself compelled to remain silent while still gagged. He gagged for air as the male without a word got him into the garden via transportation of the Meritanians to meet Tennans drones gathered around them both growling angrily. He found entity eggs floating nearby hissing in some angry tone surrounding them both. Terror found the male speaking gibberish in a compelling voice tone only to find the Tennans and entities making a closer circle around them both and growling even louder. He heard nothing more from the male in response who freed him which he gasped for air coughing loudly. Terror gasped breathing hard to focused onto the male he found was actually wasn't who he appeared. He frowned when the male shifted form into an armored figure looking twin to Victor followed by the twin moving the eye plate to show all blue eyes in a narrowed familiar glare. Terror heard growling sounding from the Tennans he found all sorts of drones gathered around them both in a circle along with the entities flying distance to bump against them both. 
He heard the growling that indicated that the Tennans were furious with something which he spoke "Tennans furious by the noises their making."
Terror eyed the Victor twin who put down the eye plate visor followed by hearing mentally in his mind his familiar line involving forgiveness to find himself blurting to his shock loudly "Alright, the Queen is my mate, my equal. I'm the male to her and her people."
Terror heard nothing in response to the growling but Tennans still gathered around him and entities bumping against his head banging onto it. He found Tennans were getting closer and closet to poke his legs with their claws in some angry move. 
Terror spoke "Forgiveness? You want it? Confess your crime to me."
He clamped his mouth shut hearing nothing in response but silence from the Tennans to find them still surrounding him and Victor twin. 
Terror heard from Victor twin via his ears "The Tennans are actually were a species dubbed Nightwalker that got manipulated to become the Shadonia as in female versions of the Shadonia species actually by the High Council. The Shadonian males didn't realize it at first and were very stupid enough to accept this fact. It wasn't till Edenia arrived with Humania that this fact got pointed out. Hence the males becoming Soulers and the females becoming the Tennans themselves. The Tennans wanted a male to help create more of them which the Soulers did and created you in response. You doing Airhead mating onto Tennans is what can create the Gate Destroyers as the Earthari refer them including the Telepaths."
Terror exhaled a breath as Victor's twin continued "There are no exceptions of other males of other species creating offsprings via Airhead mating with Tennans. It won't happen because their not anatomy possible. Your anatomy is what makes it possible. As for the Queen being created it was just the Soulers' excuse to kick the Tennans out of the planet and elsewhere. Just to spare them the war with the High Council. The Soulers have managed to figure out what the High Council did to them and as a result have been using the Zesky Asylum ruled by Eric Zesky, returned from another world to there to rule as a figurehead, to create more soldiers in their war with the High Council. The actual leader isn't showing themselves around very much. The Soulers learned from pass experiences of not having a High Lord to lead them, as in assassinated by the High Council onto their leader. Hence they jealousy guard their leader too much to not show who it is to anyone or even spies of the High Council hoping to gain entrance to their warship. Even whatever excuses the High Council throws to see who's on their warship."
Terror spoke as Victor's twin became silent "Hence this White Shadow inhibiting Jinks?"
He got in response "Correct. White Shadow was led to inhibit Jinks to get rid of him via his leadership with the Airens. The High Council wanted the Airens to themselves but they won't serve them now. The Airens are more interested in serving Jinks himself than anyone else serving the High Council."
Terror exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak "This joke involving Misty, White Shadow's companion?"
He frowned as Victor's twin spoke "No joke. It's actual law on Aire that gonoids from off planet must go to that warship to be quarantined for anything. Some of those gonoids wound up used as medical experiments by the Soulers and their mysterious leader creating more soldiers something the High Council has been trying to put a stop to."
Terror found the Tennans growling again as Victor's twin spoke his familiar forgiveness line which he spoke "Alright, Victoria Montreal aka Yana Renova at a meeting in front of me, and a High Council servant, Tom aka Mindbender, had a fight over how possessive Tom is regarding he treating her. She rejected him pretty much but had a crying fit once Tom was transported out. I saw within my mind of Victoria using physical combative art moves onto Tom in a fight. Tom didn't take it very well hence the High Council not doing anything to solve it. Their seeing Tom like an offspring like view and is currently spoiling him like a spoiled brat. I thought to myself that there should be something done to this but I'm not sure I know what's the whole story involving those two."
He frowned as Nikolai he figured he'll refer him instead of Victor twin spoke in response using his voice "Victoria went to the High Council and asked to serve them among the Humans with Tom out of her life after she had a bad fight with him seeing her as an object. They agreed with prodding from the Soulers fighting them at the time. Hence your dream of the Four Horsemen, aka sons of Horus who were restored from a death status to fight the Soulers. The sons of Horus wound up leaving the planet via tree gates acting as travel gates instead of serving them. The High Council tried to retrieve them, but didn't realize that Tam-Mykola MacLeod and his siblings would follow leading a way off planet for natives to follow which Victoria left via that way. So talk on what's going on with Victoria Montreal?"
Terror spoke "She wound up as Commander Yana Renova as a result and had an offspring dubbed Terran by me. Let me guess it's impossible for me to create offsprings via manoids that aren't Tennans?"
He got from Victor in response "Only entity eggs are the result of the mating with other females of other species. The Fishla are an exception due to them manipulating the egg inside the female to form Sora and her species, their females as they are now that are seen as deities all over planetary worlds in question in their search for you. You know the story anyway."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Nikolai fading from view to hear purring sounds via multiple Tennans to find his legs rubbed by them body wise including making cat like meows. He sighed and didn't comment a response as the Tennans purred themselves all around him followed by entities rubbing themselves onto his back from behind and giving off purring noises. 
Terror sighed and spoke sensing the Tennans wanted "Alright I'll see if I can get Victoria aka Yana Renova back with Tom like she should belong anyway."
Further purring noises answered him followed by the Tennans scattering around as he heard thundering noises above. He groaned as the rains fell hard onto him plastering his clothes. Terror forced himself to walk to the garden entrance finding Jinks standing in the doorway with arms folded. He ignored Jinks to walk inside hearing the door slam closed with a bang sound he noticed Jinks' eyes were all black. 
"Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal." He spoke to Jinks who didn't look surprised to what he said as he added "Just get her back with Tom for him to have a purpose to live."
He continued to notice Jinks' glare "I heard his voice when he spoke the words of loyalty towards the High Council who view him as an offspring. He spoke like he didn't have anything worth living except serving them which is what I saw via my mind like an All Seeing One. It's my ability I have at the moment in my mind."
He clamped his mouth shut while giving Jinks a glare to speak his familiar forgiveness line only to get the male snarling "Tom's obsessed with Victoria enough to see her as an object a piece of property instead of a living being who has a life other than just amusing him. He's obsessed to the point that he wants her with him all the time and refused to accept that she's got a life doing her own thing."
Terror found himself speaking his familiar line again only to find Airens appearing from behind Jinks appearing to be fawning the male he hearing comments "Why mad? Mad? What's mad? Bad mad?"
Terror spoke firmly ignoring the Airens fawning over Jinks who kept on glaring at him "The High Council called Tom by the words, my son, repeatedly via their speakers when he spoke his words of loyalty via his voice sounding dead and monotone. It's like their seeing him as their offspring something they saw with a preceding servant of theirs who's also named Mindbender but he was more Human and an assassin."
He gave Jinks a glare who spoke "Get out of here, Terror. I'm furious with what's going on and leave before I use you as a punching bag."
Terror groaned and without a word heard nothing more from Jinks as he obeyed hearing the Airens' comment "Creepy creep scary."
Terror ignored the comment to take a route to Yana's quarters he ranging the bell to hear her enter command.
He walked inside finding her eating via a plate and she jabbed a fork at the counter and speaking "Your share is there."
Terror obeyed to eat the food despite not having an appetite for it. He sighed forcing himself to eat it all up. He found his appetite not good to once done place the dish and utensils into the dishwashing machine copying her doing it. 
Terror spoke "I'll take the couch-"
"Take the bed with me as Terran's father." He got from Yana.
Terror spoke "Sorry I can't sleep lying down or I'll lose myself to my images in my mind and think I'm actually experiencing them as myself. I have to sleep sitting up."
He didn't protest as Yana without a word grabbed his arm and pulled him into the bedroom she shutting the door behind them. He frowned as Yana got him onto the rugged floor sitting down crossed legged followed by her kissing him on the lips. He heard faint growling noises from the Tennans above to gently remove her from him onto the floor. 
He spoke firmly "The Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair with any females of manoid species other than themselves."
Terror frowned as he got nothing in response from the Tennans but heard from Yana in response "Just wake me when Terran wails to be fed."
He heard the emotionless monotone voice of deadness within her voice tone to groan softly as he adjusted his position to comfortably sit down. He adjusted his legs and shut his eyes focusing onto Tom as if compelled he grimacing what he saw. Tom stood in the High Council's throne room restrained by the Falcons his Berserker's side in control he growling angrily seeing his Victoria kissing Terror via recording. He growled as Victoria without a word heard via the recording went to the bed to lie down on and got the blanket covering her form. Terror at the moment felt a compulsion to get up going to the bed which he obeyed despite grimacing inwardly of Tom's angry reaction in his mind. He went to the bed to sit cross legged onto it ignored by Yana as he again focused onto Tom as he sensed her laid her head onto his lap.

Chapter Twenty Two
Tom snarled growling angrily seeing Victoria put her head onto the lap of Terror who ignored her and appeared to remain asleep sitting up. He felt his mood bad again snarled an angry sound his extended fanged teeth jaws kept clamped shut by Anubis having hands over the area. All he could do was growl via his throat angrily and loudly despite ignoring the High Council seemingly in a discussion behind their speakers to his mood. He kept the mood angrily as Victoria kept on sleeping onto Terror's lap using it as a pillow and appeared to be cuddling with the male in some loved status method. He kept on glaring with rage running through him as Terror rubbed a hand on top of Victoria's forehead who appeared to smile from the rub but remained asleep. Tom snarled angrily rumbling growling as he felt his mind scanned. 
He ignored Tank sensed scanning him as he exploded his thoughts "I'll kill him for touching my Victoria! She's mine alone! Victoria is mine!"
He ignored the mind scanning to repeat his words while letting rage running through him as he found himself freed from the holds of Anubis and Falcons to smell the salt air along with finding himself onto his sandy island. Tom roared and roared of anger running through him he screamed his head off despite having the Berserker side in control. He kept on screaming and screaming till he felt fed up with the Berserker side in control willed it aside and kneeled along with still screaming and screaming. Tom found his throat raw with pain quit his screaming to feel sadness hitting him to burst into tears weeping loudly. He wailed and wailed before curling into a ball still crying away and ignoring the water felt covering him plastering his clothes. Tom found himself back into his metallic bedroom from the looks of it. He straightened his form to remain kneeling and let his hands sit onto his thighs as he forced himself to zone out not thinking of anything but a blank mind. 

Terror exhaled a breath feeling disgust on having to rub Yana's face despite compelled to do it as he heard Tennans' growling noises. He grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to get up removing Yana and went back to the rug to resume sitting shutting his eyes. He heard silence from the Tennans above to focus onto Tom as if compelled to do it. 

Tom remained kneeling staring at the floor seemingly lengthy ignoring the hand waving in front of his eyes. He didn't flinch when the hand turn into a snap and snapped near his eyes. He ignored it and kept on staring at the floor till a fist connected with his face repeatedly over and over forcing himself to raise his hands blocking the fisting. Tom formed a golden eyed look to glare at the hand's owner was Jinks, Terror exhaled seeing. 
Tom glared at Jinks with anger running through him as he snarled "Get out, Jinks-"
"Jinks?" he was interrupted who added "I'm not Jinks but your brother, Anyan, talking to you-"
Tom interrupted "Then get out and leave me alone."
He resumed staring at the floor only to get fisted onto the face again as he blocked it and gave the male, Anyan he recognized via the clothes twin to Lance Richard's past, indicated of a crown with rubies on the head, a white tunic of a red bird and blue leggings on it with black slipper shoes, a glare. 
Tom snarled "Leave me alone." 
Anyan he heard spoke in response "Why should I when my own brother is mooning over a girl he can't have enough to become a mindless soul to do nothing but ignore everything all around him?"
Tom glared at Anyan and spoke "That girl was my mate my love of my life I seek to give me a purpose to do other than being a damned assassin of the High Council-"
"Assassin is what you are and what you'll be for as long as you live." He got from Anyan interrupting him who added "Just accept it, that if you can't have this female, then no one should have her, but only death should."
Tom stared at Anyan with eyes widen of shock as the male continued "If you can't have your girl then no one should. Why don't you kill her instead? See if assassinating her will prove a price for abandoning you at your hour of need?"
Tom exhaled a breath hearing that as Anyan forced his eyes shut which Terror woke up hearing Terran wailing loudly. Terror groaned softly finding his familiar images cluttering up his mind. He went to Terran to pick up the baby while eyeing him via scrutinizing eyes. He saw that Terran was displaying golden eyes back and forth from his Human black eyed look he stiffened from seeing. Terror kept on holding Terran while rocking the baby who kept on crying sounding upset. He eyed Terran who kept on crying till out of desperation went to Yana he froze from reaching the bed while holding the baby, he staring at her. Terror exhaled a breath realizing with a start as a memory came to his mind as if compelled on what was going on with the High Council regarding Tom and Victoria a trick they pulled onto Anyan posing as Lance Richard and his own female Jacinda. 
Terror exhaled another breath and without a word thought to himself "Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal. I should refer her as Victoria instead of her name of Yana. Just wondering how to prove that they both love each other and no death happening."
Terror heard nothing in response to his thinking instead went to Victoria who remained sleeping in bed to gently shake her awake via hand onto her arm. He found Terran quit his wailing to coo as Victoria awoke giving him a sleepy glare. 
He spoke firmly "I don't think I fathered Terran here. He's displaying something else indicating someone fathered him."
Terror found Victoria waking up giving him a glare followed by her snatching Terran, he figured he'll refer him as Tam, out of his arms. 
He kept his mouth shut as Victoria gave Tam a through scrutiny followed by her speaking "Interesting."
Terror spoke firmly "Victoria-"
She interrupted him "Victoria is dead. I'm Yana Renova now-"
He interrupted "You have someone who loves you truly-"
He was interrupted "You mean my son Tam who loves me-"
Terror interrupted "Talking about Tom."
Victoria was silently staring at him with gaping open mouth followed by her forming an all black eyed glare and snarling "Get out! Get out of my sight now!"
Terror continued "Tom loves you, Victoria-"
"Get out!" He got from Victoria sounding furiously angry as he gave up a loud roar silencing her. 
He found Tam crying again as he cut his noises and snarled to Victoria "As a male I know what it means to have a female I value obsessed to the point enough to want to kill her as punishment for favoring someone else as their mate. I did that to my own female I valued for her own betrayal. She was hurt as a result and got others hurt in the process but still kept her betraying behavior to the point I was willing to do anything but assassinate her as a final punishment. It's what I'm seeing via my mind regarding Tom and his attitude towards you. He's controlled by some spirit dubbed Anyan-"
He was interrupted by a gasp by Victoria as he kept talking ignoring her noise "Anyan sees this Tom as his own brother, Shad himself the first Mindbender who the High Council valued as their own offspring. The High Council isn't helping matters with the situation via seeing Tom as their own offspring enough to share that view with him. Tom has appeared to take the news of this offspring connection in some deadening way. He doesn't have a purpose to live other than you giving him a purpose than being a damned assassin of the High Council. It's something he probably didn't want in the first place when he joined them. I see he wanted a female to give him that purpose other than being an assassin of the High Council which you aren't helping matters either."
Terror spoke his forgiveness line as if compelled to hear Tam wailing loudly in response as Victoria remained silent. 
He spoke loudly over Tam's noises "I think Tam is Tom's son, fathered by him. I believe his name is Tam and not Terran."
He gave Victoria a glare in response who lay down onto the bed he hearing crying noises from her as she cuddled Tam in her arms. He sighed and went back to his rugged corner to sit down focusing onto Tom as if compelled, he grimacing what he was seeing.

Chapter Twenty Three
Tom snarled a growling sound finding himself again in the High Council's presence restrained by the guards, Falcons and Anubis. 
He glared at the High Council with hatred running through him this time as Shad spoke "So my son, tell us what's gotten you upset."
Tom found his mouth freed by Anubis and found his efforts to will forward his Berserker side not coming true. 
He glared at the High Council as he snarled "I hate you!"
Tom snarled his comment repeatedly over and over to the point that Anubis had to cover his mouth again. 
He glared at the High Council he snarled thinking to himself ignoring Tank mind scanning him "I'll kill Victoria when I get the chance and kill the High Council to be permanently gone. They destroyed me and Victoria and should die for this. Victoria destroyed me and should die for this stunt."
He kept the glare onto the High Council as Tank continued to mind scan him he ignored he repeating his thoughts over and over to finding himself compelled to speak his words out loud. Tom snarled angrily once he was done speaking his words out loud to give off a loud roar only to get blocked by Anubis covering his mouth. Tom willed forwards Sinister in control while glaring at the High Council who remained silent behind their speakers. He glared with hatred running through him as Anyan walked into view from eyeing the group. 
Tom glared at Anyan and the High Council back as the male spoke "Is this all you have to show with your efforts of being trapped by the Falcons and Anubis? You were trained in combative art including getting out of traps enough to do this very well. What's stopping you from getting out of the trapped status hmm?"
Tom found Anyan walking away out of sight as he recalled his combative art training obeyed to do it onto the Falcons and Anubis will willing forwards his Berserker side once freed. He gave up a loud roar and gave the death order to Anubis and Falcons when they tried to grab him into another trapped status. Tom ignored the results of that to charge towards the High Council finding their speakers forming defensive growling poses with their weapons in front of them and waiting for him to meet them. He proceeded to use combative art training and acrobatic training to sail over the speakers getting behind them to with feet aimed at them both knocked them off the stairs. He heard grunts and groans from them as he turned around and glared at the High Council with rage running through him. Tom snarled angrily while noticing the High Council were motionless in their seats as he charged forwards to assassinate them, which Terror found himself unable to see anything more else by his mind cluttering of junk to his disgust. Terror opened his eyes while hearing a crying sound to find Tam on the bed alone and Victoria's Earthari uniform on the floor. He shut his eyes to focus onto Victoria finding himself focused onto Tom as if compelled. Tom gave up another roar and charged toward the High Council as a body connected with him he struggled to push aside. He found his back whacked by weapons of a sword and spear's points including stabbed as the body hugged him. Tom found the body was female making him even madder enough to throw her aside. He heard his name called in a feminine voice he ignored to charge towards the High Council. 
Tom heard "Tom, help!"
It broke his raging mood as he looked as if drawn to find Shad was thrusting his sword down onto a female figure lying on the ground he saw was Victoria appearing to be shaking pain from her head with her eyes shut. He gulped when he saw Shad was going to stab Victoria which he in a burst of speed darted towards them both. Tom with fast speed got his form on top of Victoria covering her as he felt Shad stab him via the back along with Onya thrusting her spear onto his back. 
He felt himself passing out unconscious to mentally speak to Victoria still covered by him "I love you, Victoria."
Tom felt the Berserker willed aside as he felt himself passing out unconscious surrendering to the darkness hitting him which Terror focused onto Jinks as if drawn.

Chapter Twenty Four
Jinks stood in the High Council's throne room seeing Shad and Onya stab Tom via the back. 
He heard "Tom!"
Jinks stiffened when he saw hands from underneath Tom wrap themselves around his neck and stiffened from the voice sounding of Victoria in panic. Jinks eyed the High Council finding only dolls remained in their seats as Shad and Onya kept stabbing Tom. He willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Shad and Onya finding them both halted their stabbing to go pass the throne chairs and up the stairs via the open doorway followed by the door shutting closed. He darted up the stairs and went to Tom who remained still and yanked the male off of Victoria who ignored him to place her form on top of Tom's while kissing him on the lips she heard crying the male's name. Jinks sighed and picked up Tom with great strength and found Victoria not protesting to it disappearing in a light show. He found himself smelling salt air to find himself surrounded by Soulers with swords drawn while on their warship. 
Jinks placed Tom down and spoke firmly "Just help him, he saved my daughter's life."
He found himself transported out in response to find himself back in Victoria's quarters which Terror heard crying noises opened his eyes to find Victoria on the bed stomach onto it. He sighed and went to Tam picking up the baby and sat on the bed holding him. He frowned as Tam remained asleep till he felt compelled to focus onto the baby via his mind. Terror saw with shock in his mind, Tam with a grown form of Tom but having brown hair stood facing the four horsemen. Terror grimaced seeing Tam facing them as Tom was seen lying on the ground nearby. 
He kept on watching as Tam spoke "Death I offer my life in return for my Father to live again. I would die for him and I'm willing to trade my life for him. I'm easily replaced but my Father isn't. He is valued and has people who value him even if the value is for the wrong reasons."
Sword he recognized spoke in response "Brother, do it since he's willing. I can see it within his soul."
Terror watched as Death without a word held up his hands and saw Tam faded into an energy ball looking twin to an entity followed by shifting in a twelve year old girl with all white eyes and wearing a raggedy dress standing in place of him. 
He heard gasps of shock from the four horsemen as the girl spoke while holding up her hands "Life I give for life I will be."
Terror watched as the girl's hands formed an entity ball in between followed by her thrusting the ball onto Tom who woke up jerking open his eyes gasping loudly. Terror found himself focusing onto Tom as if compelled. Tom woke up finding himself lying in a tube with confusion hitting him. He felt the tube's glass showed no longer night vision but a vast lengthy ceiling above him followed by the glass removing itself as he sat up with anger still running through him. Tom willed forwards the Berserker to dart off the tube's bed that went back into the wall. He heard shrieking sounds that sounded like an alarm to him as he found a wall of Soulers thrusting out swords facing him in one direction they appearing from hidden states. Terror at the moment found himself transported out of Victoria's bedroom to somewhere while holding Tam. He found himself jerking open his eyes to find himself within vicinity of the Soulers' warship they forming a line in front with Tom flaring his Berserker side as Tam was felt lifeless in his arms. Terror got up speaking his familiar line in a firm loud voice to find the Soulers quit their threatening behavior and stood in two rows leading elsewhere. Terror found Tom willing aside his bony look he figured was called Berserker to find the line led to a figure sitting on the floor hooded giving him the creeps. Terror still holding Tam walked up to Tom and without a word walked with the male next to him towards the hooded figure. 
They both halted once an arm length away by the figure, he hearing "That's close enough. Kneel."
Terror obeyed as Tom did the same he sensed was still angry but not going to act out his violent mood. 
He frowned while holding Tam who remained lifeless in his arms as the hooded figure was heard speaking "Hand the baby to Tom as he's the father and his right."
Terror obeyed finding Tom not protesting to it instead appeared to be studying Tam with narrowed eyed looks. 
He looked at the hooded figure warily to hear the being again speaking "Tell me, Tom why your son is lifeless in your arms?"
Terror exhaled a breath and eyed Tom with a frown to notice a range of emotions flashing in Tom's face as if he was shocked then realized something before getting eyes teary.
He frowned as Tom looked at the being and spoke "He gave his life for me."
He heard the tearful voice of Tom as he heard nothing more from the being in response but found himself and the male transported out to the High Council's throne room Tam no where in sight. He stood up with arms folded a glare at the High Council as Tom he noticed remained kneeling with tears spilling from his eyes. Terror glared at the High Council motionless behind their seats to notice one at a time they waved their hands and waggled their heads. 
He found himself speaking his familiar line to hear "You, Mindbender is not replaceable as our son and treasured servant of ours.'
Terror heard that from both Speakers hearing silence from Tom in response only to hear from Shad "Transport Terror out now!"
He found himself transported to Victoria's quarters finding her lying on the bed asleep with Jinks next to her seated that gave him a glare.
Terror got Jinks speaking his familiar line which he wound up speaking "Tam gave up his life for Tom to live again. He lives, as an offspring and favored servant of the High Council."
He clamped his mouth shut as Jinks spoke "Just take a nap or something. You look like you could use the sleep."
He heard the firmness of Jinks' voice tone obeyed to sit onto the rugged floor focusing his All Seeing One power onto Tom as if feeling like needing to do it. Tom kneeled while in the High Council's throne room letting tears spill from his eyes he sobbed quietly. He sensed hands rubbing his shoulders he ignored to continue to cry for his son that sacrificed himself for him to live again. Tom kept on crying tears seemingly lengthy as he felt hands rubbing his shoulders he sensed belonged to the Falcons. He didn't comment a response as he sensed Anubis's hand on the top of his head gently rubbing as he wiped his eyes of the water. 
Tom heard loudly "Transport Mindbender to where he can get some sleep and make sure he sleeps, Meritanians."
He sighed as the brightness of the High Council's throne room shifted to dimness to find himself back into his familiar metallic bedroom to groan softly. Tom forced himself to get up and threw himself onto the bed lying onto it on his stomach. 
He was heard by Terror moaning "Victoria" over and over.
Terror exhaled a breath once the image in his mind went away to focus onto Jinks as if drawn to find the male was still sitting on the bed glaring his way with all black eyes. 

Chapter Twenty Five
Jinks felt disgust take hold rubbed a hand over his scarred cheek he felt was shaped into a Kang mark another term by the Earthari. He kept on rubbing the area feeling his disgust take hold to shift towards Victoria who had a sad look on her face with eyes shut and breathing deep. Jinks eyed Victoria's face to notice she had a Kang scar mark on the area on her cheek as she lay asleep ignoring him staring. Jinks felt his mood plummet felt a compulsion to get up obeyed to find himself in presence of the Soulers he found two of them in the High Council's throne room with faces bared. 
Jinks didn't comment a response to hear loudly "Talk, Jinks Montreal on what you're not admitting."
He exhaled a breath hearing Terror's familiar line involving forgiveness spoken by the voice of the Souler to find himself inhaling and speaking as if compelled "I'm nothing but a troublemaker as seen by the High Council who keep associating me with an annoyance God. They refused to accept that I'm nothing but a tool by this God and not the actual God despite able to shift my form into his image. I'm sick of this attitude towards me enough to do anything to stop it. The High Council accepted my daughter Victoria as a treasured servant but refused to do that attitude towards me. I find that they accepted Victoria easily but have refused to accept me. It's acceptance I want from someone even anybody even though my acceptance from a female has ended too much time ago."
Jinks formed a glare while eyeing the High Council with accusation in his eyes. 
He heard within his mind "Just speak the words of Terror and the High Council will admit what they should admit."
He obeyed to hear from both speakers speaking in unison "Anyan, stop rejecting your son, Shad and accept him."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that from both speakers as he noticed the High Council behind them were dolls and not the actual members as both Soulers he saw walked out of the room without a word towards him. Jinks didn't comment a response to the Soulers' leaving instead waved a hand to make the speakers walk away. He found his order obeyed followed by transported out to Victoria's presence seeing her remained asleep in bed and saw that she had tears streaming from her closed eyes. Jinks went to sit down on the bed before getting up to go to Terror, who saw that within his mind. Terror felt Jinks' hand onto his shoulder shaking him awake. 
He obeyed opening his eyes to focus onto Jinks who spoke "Anyan and Shad what's their story?"
Terror recalled the story as if compelled spoke it firmly including adding "Anyan and Shad were led to believe that they were brothers. Not father and son. The High Council's attitude towards Shad was in placement of the male needing someone to parent him he wasn't getting from his father or his raisers. Hence he doing whatever he could assassin wise to get that connection. It's appearing to give him a purpose to live actually."
Jinks he eyed didn't comment a response to his story instead went back to Victoria to sit onto the bed with eyes sensed staring at the floor. He sighed and focused onto Tom as if feeling like needing to do it. Tom remained sleeping in bed crying tears on and off. He felt a hand shaking his shoulder shaking him from a sleeping status to groan rolling over facing Anyan who was seated on the bed with a frown on his face. 
He sighed as Anyan spoke "Tell me, my son what's gotten you upset?"
Tom obeyed, Terror hearing the male admitting his relationship problems with Victoria followed by ending of his own son Tam sacrificing his life for his father to live again. Tom looked away to resume crying as Anyan he felt gently rubbing a hand onto his forehead and didn't comment a word. Terror sensed that Anyan was Lance Richard communicating within Tom's mind as he saw via his own mind as Tom grabbed Anyan's hand gently holding it to his scarred cheek and placed it there. Tom shut his eyes feeling the hand covering the cheek as real as his own hand and felt nothing of his mind scanned. He ignored the hand felt cold and hard that remained rubbing his scarred cheek as he removed his hand from holding it. Tom sighed and remained lying in bed feeling the hand shift into a Banshee's hand he ignored him feeling his mind scanned and figured the hand belonged to his Father. He ignored the Banshee hand felt examining his scarred cheek as he kept his eyes shut and remained asleep despite unable to pass out unconscious. Tom felt the hand was gentle in its examination of his cheek as he ignored it and allowed the touch. He sighed once the hand moved to his forehead to rub the area gently as he felt himself passing out unconscious finally surrendered to the urge of sleepiness hitting him. Terror found images cluttering his mind shifted to focus out of Tom to find the figure sitting on the bed was the familiar hooded sinister figure he met on the Soulers' warship that had a clawed hand rubbing Tom's forehead. He exhaled a breath eyeing the figure that put Tom asleep followed by getting up and walking away into a hidden status he found himself tracking. Terror tracked finding the sinister figure entering a doorway and disappearing into a light show. He found the figure entering another doorway with another light show followed by another figure with scaly skin and a barrel shaped head walking from behind to stand with arms folded. Terror kept on watching as the hooded figure walked further into the warship receiving salutes from the Soulers putting hands fisted over their chests as the figure walked by them. Terror heard a whining squeal sound to find Breaker appear from a hidden status followed by Eric, walking into sight with a sneer on his face blocking the figure from walking further into the warship. Eric felt the drug resume injection into his neck as he blocked the One as dubbed by the Soulers from moving further by standing in front of him. 
He snarled "So you're out of hiding instead of remaining contained."
He heard nothing in response from the One instead continued on snarling "Really nothing from you word wise?"
Eric glared as he found himself retching in front of the One spilling his guts. He felt Breaker placing a hand onto his back from the feel of it as he threw up. He ignored Breaker to feel his eyesight clouded up into whiteness along with his familiar rages hitting him making him roar. He roared and roared till his eyesight cleared up again to find the One wasn't in front of him instead had walked elsewhere and wasn't in sight.
Eric spoke loudly "Typical-"
He was interrupted by Breaker's voice blaring in his mind "Your Father says to have you stop taking the drug and accept your rages period."
Eric exhaled a breath and inhaled in response to speak while glaring at Breaker "My father? What are you talking about? I saw him dead in a tube."
He glared at Breaker who jabbed a finger in a direction while putting a fist over his chest and cocking his head. Eric frowned but shifted to find the One was still standing in front of him but this time was slowly removing the hood he gasped of shock seeing the face as Terror jerked open his eyes gulping from the image in his mind. Terror shut his eyes seeing the face of the One was twin to the male that was dumped onto Terra by sinister warship but this time had all white colored eyes and some baldness status involving no hair. 
Terror continued to gulp watching Eric's reaction was a range of emotions on the male's face followed by speaking "What happened to you, Father?"
He heard the firmness of Eric's voice tone indicating that the male was accepting on who his Father was. 
He sighed and kept on watching as the One covered his head via sinister hood followed by Breaker speaking "Says it's a long story. I'll tell you one of those days when I feel up to it. I must rest now."
Terror frowned as the One without another word walked away leaving Eric staring at him he saw. He frowned as Eric again got into another rage episode he noticed the male's eyes turning all black looking followed by Breaker patting the male onto the shoulder. 
Terror kept watching as Eric quit the rage episode followed by giving off a loud Hmph and speaking "Breaker, you by any chance know the story involving my father hmm?"
Breaker in response spoke "I'm not the one to tell you. Besides my father, Barry said he'll be the one who tells the story when its time. I think its time for you to listen."
Terror found himself unable to see what happened next as images again cluttered his mind. He heard moaning sounds of pleasure sounding within the room to frown focusing onto the room. He sighed seeing Victoria and Tom both appearing to be naked into a mating ritual involving Tom's sucking onto Victoria's nipples while on the bed ignoring Jinks standing nearby watching them with arms folded. Terror heard the moans getting louder groaned softly and opened his eyes to focus onto Jinks who ignored him staring. He shifted towards Victoria and Tom with his own eyes finding them both still in their mating ritual ignoring the audience staring at them. Terror sighed as Tom managed to quit his sucking onto Victoria's nipples followed by appearing to enter her with his sensitive part her legs wrapping around Tom's middle into some tight hold. He kept on watching as Tom and Victoria continued on their lovemaking he figured he'll refer it as they both ignored being spied on. Terror sighed softly and kept his mouth shut once Tom gave off a roar and Victoria giving off a shriek of pleasure. He sighed again as Tom collapsed on top of Victoria and remained still as Victoria's hands he saw was onto the back of Tom's neck. Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as Tom adjusted his position to kiss Victoria on the lips she accepting him doing it and both appeared to be lengthy with their kissy faced status. 
He sighed and shut his eyes figuring to himself "Just let them be."
Terror again heard moaning noises to focus onto via his mind onto the lovers finding them both seemed lengthy with their mating rituals onto each other with exchanges of positions of who took the top. He found them both appearing to be accepting of the position exchanges including doing repeated intercourse lovemaking onto each other. Terror sighed and opened his eyes to eye Jinks who ignored him staring and kept on watching Tom and Victoria mating. He shifted to eye Tom and Victoria going into another intercourse mating ritual. This time, he saw Victoria on top of Tom with Tom's hands onto her breasts fondling the nipples and her going up and down the male's sensitive part length while appearing to be enjoying it. Terror frowned as Tom gave up another roar he figured involved spilling himself inside Victoria as she gave up another shriek. He sighed as Tom removed his hands off Victoria's breasts and heard no protest from the male as Victoria removed herself off of him to get up from the bed going into the bathroom. Terror found Tom without a word disappearing into a light show as he eyed Jinks while clearing his throat. He got Jinks displaying his familiar creepy eyed look in response while glaring at him.
Terror spoke in response "Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair myself to any females except whoever they chose for me for this pairing. It's a deal I made as being their Ambassador and a part of their species despite having an Earthari form."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Jinks spoke using his creepy voice tone "You sound like something not being admitted."
Terror groaned getting Jinks speaking his familiar line found himself speaking "Anatomy impossible for me to create manoids like babies with manoid females like Earthari. I can create entities if I mate with females like Earthari but that's about it. As for mating Airhead style with Tennans if you get my meaning, can result into full grown manoids forming from the body of a Tennan into either Gate Destroyers or Telepaths. Both are another form of Earthari species from Terra that survived to live here in this station."
Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to feel a sword point poking his back he ignored while staring at Jinks who spoke "You said enough judging by that Souler poking you with that sword trick again. Your breathing sucks."
He exhaled a breath finding the Souler quit poking him via sword point and found Jinks walking out of the bedroom slamming the doors. He sighed and heard thudding noises from there to find Victoria clad in her Earthari uniform walking out of the bathroom hopping onto one foot as if putting onto her shoes. He frowned while eyeing Victoria who jabbed a finger aimed at him and towards the bedroom's entrance while giving him an all black eyed glare. Terror frowned but forced himself to get up and opened the entrance's doors to catch Jinks falling backwards into arms. He spoke his familiar line again only to hear a shriek as the door to the quarters banged shut. 
Terror pushed Jinks off of him who spoke firmly ignoring Victoria eavesdropping "I keep trying to convince the Soulers to avoid sticking their swords onto people when they don't want people to talk. Just use words for that but their not getting the message. Instead are using me as target practice for sword swinging."
Terror frowned but went to the couch finding it fallen onto its back again. He ignored Jinks and Victoria watching him as he pulled the couch back into its familiar position and without a word went to sit down onto it crossing his legs. 
His stomach rumbled in response as he spoke "I admit it I'm clueless when it comes to needing food, expelling or cleaning for my body. I have mistaken my stomach's grumbling as food when it's involved with something else too many times to count. Hence those Tennans' entities inhibiting me to tell me what I need to do with my body on the word of a Tennan. Excuse me I feel like eating but it could be something else."
He clamped his mouth into a thin line and didn't comment further as Victoria went to the kitchen unit finding Jinks joined him onto the couch crossing his legs. Terror found Victoria handing him and Jinks plates of food with utensils which he felt himself hungry ate the food. He found Victoria seated onto a stool and hungrily eating her food in a fast motion. 
Terror recalled Tam waited as Victoria ate all her food and same for him to speak "What's the official story involving Tam?"
He heard throat clearing noises from Jinks to frown while eyeing Victoria who banged the dishwashing machine's cover with a loud thrusting noise. 
He saw her eyes were all black in response followed by him speaking "Alright bad subject to speak. Pardon me."
Terror got up and placed his dish and utensil onto the counter and made a movement to walk out only to feel deadness hitting his feet. He grunted an annoyed sound as he heard Victoria speaking his familiar line found himself speaking what he admitted to Jinks involving mating with females. Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and peered at Victoria from twisting his form. He found Victoria walking around to face him followed by waving a hand and he felt his deadness gone. Terror hear hissing sounds of entities to find two flying by between him and Victoria doing some ramming bang move onto each other and onto his back. 
He ignored them to speak "Want me gone from your quarters, Victoria?"
Victoria he got in response shook her head and willed aside her creepy eyed look showing Human blues. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Just tell them if anyone asks that Tam sacrificed his life for my love of my life to live again. Tank sort of told me that the High Council is thinking of having Tom assimilated into the station population with relationship between the both of us known publicity. I can't say what else the High Council is up to and I don't care to know as long as I'm with Tom period."
Terror frowned as Victoria without a word walked away out of the quarters and out of sight with the door slamming shut behind her.
He heard from Jinks "Typical daughter mine never fully explaining anything despite indicating it via her voice."
Terror sighed and spoke "Let's get out of here and see what the station needs us to do. You as Leader, me as whatever."
He walked forwards only to feel deadness hitting his feet as he found Jinks walking in sight giving him a glare with eyes narrowed. 
Terror frowned as Jinks spoke "You mated with daughter mine and hurt her?"
He heard the angry voice tone of Jinks as the male proceeded to interrogate him on his mating with Victoria and creating the entities in the process to his annoyance.

Chapter Twenty Six
Terror found himself recalling the interrogation while in the Command Center he forced to look around with annoyance taking hold. He glared at Sora still singing away blocking him from seeing anything within his mind as she floated nearby him. He found Sora ignored his glare as he adjusted his legs and leaned against the wall with arms folded. 
Terror heard "Not appropriate position Earthari, remove yourself."
Terror gave up soft Hmph sound hearing that from Sora as he adjusted his seating to resumed sitting crossed legged with a hand onto his cheek and elbow onto his thigh. He grunted an annoyed sound as he watched Victoria acting as Yana Renova ran the operations of the station. He noticed Leader Lave standing in the doorway that turned around to admit Tom wearing a uniform of a Leader without a broach standing there with a frown on his face. Terror frowned as Leader Lave's eyes turned all black looking while appearing to be focused onto Victoria who paused from giving orders for a shuttle to land onto the station's landing pad. He eyed Victoria who did a double take look looking at Leader Lave's direction to find the Leader stepping aside to gesture with a hand towards Tom. Terror exhaled a breath watching as Victoria gave up a loud shriek of joy halting noises in the room and darted towards Tom jumping onto him, the male catching her and kissing him on the lips right in front of everyone in the room. Terror frowned hearing silence as Victoria kept on kissing Tom as the male kept on kissing her back both ignoring their audience. 
Terror sighed and forced himself to get up walking up to Leader Lave and speaking loudly "Excuse me I'm not acquainted with our visitor that the Commander is. So who's this new Leader in question?"
Terror got from Leader Lave in response "Just asks the Commander. I'm not the one to tell you. Pardon me."
He glared at Leader Lave who without a word left the room making him speak out loud "Typical Fishla, never telling you what you need to know-"
Terror was interrupted by Victoria speaking "Tom, where have you been anyway? Last I saw were you taking that ill fated mission via fighter to seek General Leroy and escape the Commandant. I was forced to do this myself with the death of a Telepath via my own hand and capturing a warship to find General Leroy myself when it was obvious you weren't returning."
Terror clamped his mouth shut to walk up to the lovers finding Victoria standing which he folded his arms while giving Tom a glare as he cleared his throat. 
Tom, he saw noticed his glare as the male spoke "Don't remember much involving that trip I took. Only that the Commandant blew me out of the sky. Not sure of how the Fishla found me but they claim that the Tennans' found me and kept me alive to be dumped onto Fishlala the Fishla's home world. Details are kind of fuzzy in my mind actually. Besides the Fishla asked me not to say much about this subject out of respects to the Tennans with an agreement between both species. I'm not privy to the details."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing a growling noise of a Gate Destroyer sounding within the room. He formed a glare and shifted behind him to find a Gate Destroyer appear from a hidden status with blonde hair he recognized as Kennik who without a word went up to Tom and appeared to be sniffing the male's shoulder. 
Terror spoke firmly "Gate Destroyer don't you have respects for the dead returned to the living?"
He glared at Kennik who shrugged and without a word or a growl quit the sniffing and walked away resuming a hidden status from within the room. 
Terror heard Sora singing he finding the computer not translating her words but found himself translating to himself "Love is strange, doesn't it Kennik? Like your leader in love with his female Diana herself. That love is shared with Commander Renova towards this male regardless of his story or where he came from. It's love between them period. Ignore the lies they both said. It's just love talking."
Terror heard from Kennik in response computer not translating "Bah."
He sighed recognizing the word Bah was Gate Destroyer speak for "I don't agree but I'm not going to protest your words, for your right."
Terror sighed and went to sit down finding Victoria blaring loudly "Resume operations now!"
He ignored Victoria and found Sora again singing, blocking his ability to see as he watched the Commander resumed functions of the station giving out commands ignoring Tom. He found Tom without a word going to the table to sit down with arms folded and appeared to be attentive to Victoria giving out her commands as the noises in the room resumed. Terror sighed forcing himself to watch both Victoria and Tom, he noticed the male was looking around the room silently watching and listening. Terror heard nothing from Sora but silence to find his familiar ability within his mind. 
He sighed to eye Sora that beeped "Just take a look and see where you're compelled to view."
Terror obeyed to see within his mind with his eyes shut focusing onto Luna as if drawn. He kept on eyeing Luna finding the satellites orbiting the moon world colliding with each other till none were left. 
He stiffened as he got an image of Edenia in her war appearance speaking as if addressing him "Time has arrived. Tell them that it has begun."
Terror found himself unable to see more by Sora singing interrupting his seeing as he saw darkness hitting his mind. He jerked open his eyes and felt fear taking hold making him shiver a bit he felt a hand stroking the top of his head. 
Terror found the hand's owner was Sora who beeped him hearing "Nothing to fear but Edenia." He gasped hearing her using the name as she kept on beeping "Now having visitors to her moon world accepted now. Just don't worry, like your female says 'Peace not war' whenever she sings that we hear her." Terror forced himself to nose breathe as Sora kept on beeping "What your female the Queen knows we of the Sora, Tennan speak for Queen, knows for all are connected via mind including to your Queen. We, Sora give respects to the Father of us all that is you."
He exhaled a breath finding Sora again forming a thoughtful expression on her face and resumed singing her beeping noises while again floating next to him removing her hand. He shifted to look around the room noticing Tom's glare aimed at him and gulped seeing the male was giving him a golden eyed glare. Terror frowned as Tom stopped displaying golden eyes instead looked away to resume staring at Victoria still acting as Commander Yana Renova. 
Terror exhaled a breath and mentally thought to himself "I'm betting that the High Council isn't done with their manipulating things with or without people's say so. Ugh. Hopefully Edenia can handle that group and their machinations."
Terror felt his mind scanned the moment he thought his comments to mentally add "Sages, what's up with mind scanning me after awhile of not doing it?"
He focused onto the room's inhabitants to hear from a Sage within his mind "Mind scanning has been done onto you with or without you aware of it."
Terror exhaled another breath recognizing Tank's voice in his mind as Tank added chuckling "They are getting pretty strong in their abilities enough to manipulate an Ancient One to see what they want him to see. So they can see what's going on with one Tom, Mindbender himself they appeared to be obsessed about."
Terror frowned and mentally spoke noticing Tom ignoring him staring "Tank, your talking about the High Council aren't you?"
He heard a chuckle in response followed by hearing "Who else is a mind walker other than the High Council that is mind scanning you with or without you aware of it hmm?"
He widen his eyes of shock and felt a range of emotions within him as an answer to Tank's question hit him followed by hearing "Tell that Meritanian to get out of your mind now!"
Terror obeyed to mentally speak "Tank, out now! I'm trying to think!"
He found Tank obeying who gave a parting comment "We, Sages wouldn't dare mention this to the High Council, without a certain annoyance God using his powers onto us Meritanians."
Terror frowned sensing nothing from Tank to focus onto the source of Tank's answer as he mentally spoke "Typical, always hiding secrets aren't you, Gate Destroyer?"
He found the hand touching his forehead that gave up the comment involving the Meritanian as he saw clearly in his mind Kennik from hidden status with all black eyes having a hand onto his forehead. He heard nothing from Kennik in response as the Gate Destroyer released his hold onto his forehead and found Sora singing again blocking his mind's images. 
Terror mentally spoke to himself "Typical. Wonder what secret will come out next time? Just hope it's not a bad one. Ugh. No wonder this station is referred as Annoyov. Always annoyingly getting secrets out that can't be hidden. Argh."
He opened his eyes to focus onto people in the room with annoyance running through him as he heard singing like tones from the Queen to his shock despite unsure of an entity inhibiting him. 
Terror frowned hearing the Queen singing in some familiar voice tone he recognized was speak for "Welcome. I knew you would come."
Terror didn't comment a thought to the Queen sensed still singing within his mind he figured hearing her involved him being partially a Tennan and not having an entity inside him to hear her. He sighed and found Tom kept looking at Victoria with some look he recognized as love as Victoria kept giving the male the same look too while still running the station operations. 
Terror mentally spoke in response "Love will live on no matter the distance and how far."
He heard within his mind the Queen singing in a joyful tone he recognized was speak for "You got the message, for I still have lessons to teach you further in the future."
Terror exhaled a breath to figure to himself "The lesson involves teachings by Sora along with whoever among me including to whoever willing to learn. I guess I better accept that."
He again heard the Queen's joyful singing within his mind to see Sora's expression was of a prideful expression when she eyed him before resuming her thoughtful facial look. Terror exhaled a breath and forced himself to watch like a silent witness to time around the room and its inhabitants. 

The End
