THE STAR SEEDS OF EARTH
By Mike Luoma

FIRST EDITION 
Copyright 2020 by Michael Luoma. All rights reserved.
This book is available in print and as an eBook at most online retailers. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Cover Design by Mike Luoma 
Cover Photo: Public Domain
For information email Mike Luoma at: glowinthedarkradio@gmail.com. 

Dedicated to All Who Search for Star Seeds


Chapter One

Crik-KA-CHOW! Ka-Chow...
Shotgun fire. The blast's echo slapped back down the narrow hiking trail as Alibi Jones approached the ridgeline. He stopped, listened.
"Who's up there?!" An older man's voice called from behind and below him, back down the trail.
Alibi turned. A man with a shotgun stood about three hundred meters away at trail's end, on the dirt road Alibi had walked all the way up from town. The old man pointed the shotgun away as he peered up the trail, squinting into the early dusk's deepening shadows.
"Saw you go in there," the man shouted. "This is private property! Posted! Didn't you see my signs?"
Alibi saw the signs. He'd ignored them. 
They looked old. Didn't think anyone would care anymore.
Alibi heard a "cha-chunk" as the man pumped his gun, reloading.
"I know you're up there!"
Don't think he can see me. That's good.
"Hello," Alibi called back. He waited a minute. No response. "Sorry about walking on your land!" he shouted. "Didn't know it was private."
Alibi side-stepped off the trail into the forest, ducking between two massive old trees on his left.
Won't hurt to get some cover. My negotiating skills are a little rusty.
"Who gave you permission to come up here?" The man shouted, irritated.
"Um," Alibi wasn't sure what to say. "No one! I was just... exploring. Found this trail on an old map."
"Well, you come out of there now," the man yelled. "This is private property! Don't want you getting hurt and suing me."
"Yeah," Alibi called. "I'm not coming out. You have a big old gun with you there."
"Yes, I do," the man said. "So, you should do what I say!"
"Yeah," Alibi said, stalling. "I don't know about that."
"Too late to be up on the mountain," the man yelled back. "You're either gonna get yourself hurt because you're an idiot, or you're up to no good!"
It is getting dark pretty fast.
"It's early May in Vermont. Night comes up quick here in the Gore," the man called. "Gets cold fast, too."
Alibi looked at his shirt's short sleeves, and then down at his shorts. He could feel the temperature dropping.
Power of suggestion. Sure.
"Promise not to shoot?" Alibi shouted the question back down the trail.
"Nope," the old man yelled back. "You're on my land. I don't have to promise you anything."
Alibi wished he could call down his Cruiser – have them land the ship on the road behind the old coot. Spook the hell out of him so Alibi could breeze by, board, and fly away. But the A.D. Foster was light years away, either back at the Hornet's Nest or out on a cargo run without him. 
No ship, and no crew on this mission. 
The solo run was his call. Based as it was not on hard evidence but instead on hunches, rumors and visions, he didn't feel he could ask the others to risk a trip into the heart of the Solar Alliance – back to Earth. No one else should risk capture and imprisonment based solely on Alibi's feelings and a guess. 
Alibi Jones was on his own.
"OK, I admit it," Alibi yelled. "I'm an idiot!"
"Already had that figured," the man called back. "You're not from around here, are you?"
"Not exactly," Alibi said.
"Come out from behind those trees with your hands out in front of you, away from your sides so I can see you're not armed with anything," the man called.
Maybe he can see me! Damn.
Alibi did as ordered, stepping out with his arms floating away from his sides, palms forward.
Don't shoot me, old man!
"There you are," the man called. "Come on down here. Now!"
The man kept the gun pointed up and away as Alibi approached him, though Alibi was well aware it was still ready to fire.
"Close enough," the man said as Alibi reached spitting distance. 
The man studied him for a moment. Alibi did likewise.
Guy's pretty old. Up there with Krish, maybe near ninety? Still in good shape. And with that crewcut? Probably retired military.
"You look familiar, kid," the old man said. "You grow up around the Gore? Go to Union?"
"Union?" Alibi asked.
"Taught history there for a little while," the man said.
"No," Alibi said. "You were right the first time. I'm not from around here."
"Yeah. Too pale," the man said. "You must have grown up on a station. Or a colony with a weird sun, or something."
Alibi didn't answer him.
"Where was it?" The man asked.
"Cat's Eye," Alibi said, lying.
"Bullshit," the man said. "I was in politics for a while, kid. Still have a pretty good bullshit detector. And I have this gun, by the way." The wiry old man waved the piece a little bit for emphasis, but the way he handled the weapon with a professional's easy caution gained him new respect from Alibi.
"Ceres," Alibi said. "Ceres Central."
The old man squinted at his face. 
"That sounds like the truth," he said. "Think I actually know who you are, kid... Ceres! Needed that for the old melon to start working again." 
The old man lowered the shotgun, worked it and popped the shell out. 
"You used to be somebody. You're his kid, aren't ya? BC's son. Seen you on the news a bit." He grinned. "Knew your dad." He smiled. "You're Alibi Jones, aren't you?"
Really?
"I am," Alibi admitted.
Damn. I can't go anywhere! How does this guy know me?
"Name's Edwards," the man said, shifting the shotgun to his left arm so he could shake Alibi's hand. "Marc Edwards. I used to be somebody, too. Nice to meet you, Alibi Jones!"
They shook hands. 
Edwards looked up behind Alibi into the shadows. 
"It's too late to be climbing up here today," Edwards said. "Tell you what. Since I know who you are, why don't you come down the house and rest a minute. Tell me about yourself. Have a glass of water or something before heading off."
"Could I come back tomorrow?" Alibi asked.
"We can discuss that," Edwards said. "Come on."
Edwards led Alibi back down the dirt road a short distance to a small, run-down wooden house. With its peeling gray paint and shuttered windows, Alibi thought the old place was abandoned when he'd walked by earlier. 
Despite exterior appearances, the inside was neat and cozy.
"So, tell me – what are you doing here, climbing up the side of a mountain so late in the afternoon?" Edwards asked Alibi, as he led him into the kitchen. 
Edwards nodded to a seat at a large wooden table. As Alibi sat down, Edwards propped the shotgun in the corner of the room and walked over to the sink. He ran the tap and filled two glasses with water, offering one to Alibi.
"Thanks!" Alibi said, realizing how thirsty he was. 
He took a big sip before answering. 
"I wasn't planning on it being so late, but it took me most of the day to get out here," Alibi said. "Longer than I thought it would." He took another few gulps of water. "As for the rest? It's kind of a long story."
"Really?"  Edwards arched an eyebrow. "I've got the time. Go on."
Don't want to tell him more than I need to.
"Well... there are supposed to be some ancient stone structures up here on Mount Crystal," Alibi said. "I wanted to see if I could find them: a stone portal, a megalithic well and a hidden tunnel. My, um... sources tell me they might lead to something important."
"Don't tell me you got fooled by that crap," Edwards said. He scowled. "Don't know who made that shit up, or when, but all there is up there is a fireplace and maybe an old dry well some Pilgrims or other Colonials used. Maybe some Native Americans before them. Nothing mysterious. But..." Edwards shook his head. "There are legends or rumors out there somewhere. Every so often a news crew comes poking around. Thought you might be one of them, actually."
"I've seen some shows on the cave, some documentaries," Alibi said. "But they're all old. About fifteen years or older."
"Bought the place about sixteen years ago," Edwards said. He looked over at the shotgun, now leaning perched in the corner of the room. "I don't allow or encourage them. Rather not have loons crawling all over my hill. No offense."
"None taken, I guess," Alibi said. He looked around the room. A bookshelf sat against the wall across from them, shelves filled with ancient books.
"You know what those are?" Edwards asked. Testing him.
"Yeah," Alibi said. "Books. I mean, real ones."
"Yep," Edwards said. He smiled. "Started collecting them when I came back down to Earth. Seemed like a way to get more grounded. I like the old paperbacks. Colorful, but flimsy."
"Old books are cool," Alibi said. "My Aunt has a few."
Edwards grunted, frowned.
"Right," Edwards said. "Your aunt." The old man's eyes grew distant. Then he came back to himself. He looked Alibi over. "You know... you really aren't dressed for climbing up the side of a mountain," he said, changing the subject.
"I'm not?"
"It's not a walk in the park, Alibi," Edwards said. 
"Had my skin treated for the UV exposure," Alibi said. "I might be pale, but I'm ready."
"For the beach, maybe," Edwards said. "But not hiking up a mountain. Well, you do need the skin treatment. The air's thinner up here, so there's less protection."
"See?" Alibi said. "Ready!"
Edwards chuckled. He looked off into the distance again before smiling and looking back at Alibi.
"You'll probably hate to hear this – every kid does – but you kind of remind me of your dad," Edwards said.
"You're right," Alibi said.
"You know you're like him?" Edwards asked. "You don't mind me saying you remind me of him?"
"No," Alibi said. "You're right that I hated hearing that." He mock frowned at the man.
"Heh... God, I haven't thought of BC in ages," Edwards said. "That was a whole 'nother chapter of my life."
"I'm guessing that's when you were in politics?" Alibi said.
"Yeah, Governor of Lunar Prime," Edwards said. "Well, eventually. For a little while, anyway." Edwards darkened a bit. "Hopefully, there is one way you aren't like your father," Edwards said. "Man could lie to your face repeatedly and make you believe him. I liked him? But I also hated him. Sorry."
"Don't be," Alibi said. "No need to apologize to me. I didn't know the guy. And I hate liars. Known at least one or two big ones. Guess I might hate him, too. At least a little."
"He was your father," Edwards said.
"Biologically," Alibi said. "But there's a reason I didn't take his name. Or my mother's, for that matter."
"Never knew your mother," Edwards said, "'Course, I know what she did."
"She called me last year," Alibi said. He didn't know why he was opening up to the old man, but he was warming to him.
"She did?" Edwards was surprised. "Thought she was locked up for killing BC?"
"She was," Alibi told him. "They let her out when someone from her old cult showed up claiming to be her father. Released her into their custody. But her father, my grandfather, has been dead a long time."
"And you were raised by that 'Nita woman, right?" Edwards asked. "Your 'aunt'?"
"Aunt Anita? Yeah," Alibi said. "Did you know her back then?"
"Knew her," Edwards said. "Only... not really. Couldn't really get to know her. She was working for other people – she only pretended to be working for me. As it turned out."
"Back in her 'secret agent' days?" Alibi asked. "She doesn't really talk about those much."
"Heh, 'secret agent'? More like double agent," Edwards said. "Triple, as it turned out."
"She's always been kind of like my mom," Alibi said.
"Well, then, I'm not saying anything more about her," Edwards said. "I'm sure she did what she thought she had to do. Back then, I mean."
Alibi tried to picture his aunt as a secret agent. He always had trouble doing that, though he knew she was still capable of deadly force, if need be. If threatened. She'd recently mentioned, in passing, having to kill her ship's engineer. 
His aunt said she acted in self-defense. The woman attacked Anita a few months back, on her last mission, and sabotaged their vessel, wreaking havoc even after her death when the damage she caused made the ship ground out and crash on an asteroid. 
Then, I tried to help. But Aunt Anita didn't exactly welcome my rescue attempt. And given how badly it all turned out? She was probably right. I shouldn't have gone out there after her. 
One of the Solar Alliance's Stinger Ships got destroyed. It wasn't my fault! But that doesn't matter – they've been holding it against us all, anyway. 
"Sorry," Edwards said, breaking what was starting to become an awkward silence, with Alibi lost in thought. "Tell you what. You seem to have turned out okay, Alibi Jones," Edwards said. "Despite your pedigree!" He laughed. "So, why don't you use one of my guest rooms? Stay overnight, and in the morning I'll take you up on the mountain and show you the fireplace with the well myself."
"Really, you will?"
"Yeah," Edwards said. "Why not? You'll never find it, otherwise."
Oh, I don't know about that.
"If you say so," Alibi said. "Thanks!"
"No problem."
Aunt Anita. That reminds me... Gotta remember to snag a couple seedlings for her new arboretum before I leave the mountain.


Chapter Two

"How long until planting?" Krish had asked earlier, over lunch in the Hornet's Nest galley.
Anita was used to the question. She mulled over her many answers.
"Closer every day," wasn't truly an answer, though it was the one she gave most often when asked, and what she'd told Krish. 
"When it's ready," was her other favorite non-answer response. Though, "not soon enough," was the one she always heard in her own head. 
"I don't know," was the honest answer. 
Turned out, building a giant terrarium inside of an asteroid base was not easy. 
When Anita Capituna was a young woman, she admired the arboretum her mentor Dr. Van Kilner maintained inside of The Project's secret asteroid base. The founder of The Project, who'd helped humankind reach the stars with his Transpace Technology, had a personal garden room hollowed out and planted when his declining health confined him to the asteroid's low-gravity environs. 
Inspired by his asteroid garden, she was building her own inside of the Hornet's Nest. Or trying to.
It hadn't been easy. Van Kilner's was already growing when she first came across it, beautiful, lush and green, a total anachronism in the isolated high-tech outpost. And finished. Though she hadn't seen the process herself, she'd heard it had taken an enormous effort to construct. Plus, his was in the Solar System, where required materials were only a short trip to Earth away, not here in deep-godforsaken-way-beyond-the-Solar-Alliance space where everything was a long, long reach. 
Required materials – like dirt. Who knew dirt was going to be a problem?
"Ahem."
Anita turned at the throat-clearing and saw one of the cargo carrier's crew in the doorway to the arboretum. Next to him floated a shipping palette with a mound of dirt on top of it.
"Pile the dirt there, next to that wall," Anita said to the crewman. She pointed across the large space.
This fresh "dirt" was a shipment of loam from a fertile new agricultural colony near Depot. The planet, Daishan, had developed a reputation for its fine produce just three seasons in. 
Soil from Daishan was supposed to be loaded with Earth-like nutrients, making it easily adaptable to Terran crops. It was also far easier and cheaper to obtain out here at the Hornet's Nest than actual soil from Earth.
Anita originally hoped to use the rock left over from hollowing out space for the arboretum as her dirt. Why not pulverize and mill down the stone that made up the large asteroid into the dirt for her vegetation? But the sterile gravel that resulted when she'd first had a quantity ground down proved inhospitable to life, even after enhancement with gasses and plant foods.  She was forced to import soil for the project.
Another small setback. So many of those in this first year since they'd struck out on their own. 
Not that life inside the Solar Alliance would have been any better, with her funds frozen, properties seized, and influence evaporating. Even accusations she'd helped contribute to destroying a SAIF vessel. Absurd. 
It wasn't easy being the out-of-favor former-head-of-state of a government focused on your demise. 
The Hornet's Nest was her home, now. She faced that fact by starting on the arboretum. 
"Ma'am?" Another crewman stood in the doorway to the arboretum with another palette of dirt.
"Yes, over there," she said, pointing at the first pile. "Next to that one."
The ship from Depot had arrived with a shipping container full of loose dirt. Too large a container to unload inside the base, never mind wind through the corridors to the remote location of her arboretum, the crew of the transport vessel were forced to empty it shovel by shovel, and cart the dirt from the ship's landing bay to her growing room a palette-load at a time. There had to be a better method, but the crew began offloading the dirt onto palettes, and she didn't want to get in their way.
Early on in the larger process, she'd been able to get a few shipments of actual earth from Earth in hopes of getting her garden started. But what sounded like a lot when described – and paid for – filled a surprisingly small amount of space when flung down on the floor of the hollowed-out area.
From the corner of her eye, Anita saw another figure at the door.
"Put your dirt over there," she said. She nodded at the growing pile.
"Not enough room for my dirt," the man said. "Think I could fill up this whole base. Probably more."
She turned to see who the wiseass crewman was.
"William Gentry," she said, past her surprise. 
She'd never met the man, but certainly knew him by reputation. 
The handsome old gray-haired devil was the biggest player on the Depot Fringe, an ersatz Godfather, collecting protection money and controlling commerce in this part of space. She knew the handful of ships that called the Hornet's Nest their home base all paid Gentry his "membership dues". 
"William? Most call me 'Billy'. In the flesh," he said. "You must be Anita Capituna."
"I am," she said. "Nice suit." 
He walked into the room.
"Thanks... Pleasure to meet you," he said, and seemed to judge whether or not he should try to shake her hand. She ignored his overtures. He grinned a little, and folded his hands atop his belt buckle.
"Wish I could say the same," Anita said.
"Oh, come on," Gentry said, protesting. "I'm not that bad. Besides, I'm in charge around here, now."
"Hell you are," she said, bristling. "We pay your dues. That's all."
"Actually, I'm now Governor," he said. "Named by Nikko Constantine himself. Meet your new governor of the Depot Fringe."
"We're not in the Solar Alliance," Anita said. "And if you check the ownership of the Hornet's Nest, you'll see this base doesn't belong to the S.A. anymore, either. It belongs to Alibi Jones."
"I know – did check the ownership," he said. "A while back. I keep on top of things for the... chamber of commerce, you know."
"I see," she said.
"But now you are back in the Solar Alliance, Anita," he said. "Same set of orders that put me in charge also claimed this part of the Depot Fringe for the S.A. – the border has changed."
"Hell it has," she said. "We didn't agree to anything. Last I heard, you don't get to just claim territory. That leads to wars."
"Constantine did it," he said. "Not me. I'm just the bearer of the bad news."
"And the man who has the gall to say he's in charge here now," she said.
"Just trying to get your attention," he said. "Worked."
"Got me annoyed," she said. "And it's going to get you asked to leave."
"This what you call hospitality?"
She didn't answer him.
"How'd you get in here?" she asked.
"Walked right in," Gentry said. "You ever think about some security? This place isn't exactly a secret anymore."
"No?" Anita said. "It used to be a secret base."
"Well, sure," Gentry said. "But those who kept it secret? They're the same people you're now opposed to – so who's it a secret from anymore? Plus, you get stuff delivered here. I know where you are."
She frowned. He was correct. She didn't like that. Alibi had done nothing about security.
She didn't like that, either.
"So, you walked in," Anita said. "How did you get on the base?"
"Came from Depot with your dirt," he said. 
"How apropos," she said. "Move." Anita pointed behind him.
Gentry looked back. Another palette of dirt floated in the doorway, an uncomfortable looking crewman standing behind it, studying the floor. 
"Come in," she called to the man. "Put the dirt in the pile over there," she said as she gestured at the soil by the wall. The crewman glanced at Gentry as he passed him. Gentry ignored him. The man delivered his dirt and left as quickly as he could.
"Now, where were we?" Gentry asked. "Before we were so rudely interrupted."
"You are my rude interruption, Mr. Gentry," she said. "The dirt is expected."


Chapter Three

Early the next morning, Edwards fed Alibi what he called a real Vermont breakfast of pancakes and bacon smothered in Maple syrup. With a full stomach, Alibi felt ready to take on the day as they left the house. They headed back up the old road toward the trail, mostly retracing Alibi's path from the day before, until the old man led him much higher up towards the ridgeline, in the cool morning air.
"What's that smell?" Alibi asked, as they climbed.
"Smell?" Edwards sniffed the air. He didn't understand. He didn't smell anything different.
"I don't know," Alibi said. "It sort of smells like dirt?"
"You're just not used to Mother Nature, Alibi," Edwards said with a short laugh. "Guess it is more potent because of the morning dew, maybe. That is dirt, and all the plants... everything around us!"
"You know, it does kind of smell like Aunt Anita's arboretum," Alibi said. "She's been building a garden out at the Hornet's Nest." He looked around the path as they climbed. "Was thinking I might bring her something back from here for it." He looked over at Edwards. "If you don't mind, that is."
"Fine by me," Edwards said. "Things grow back. Not that I want to give that woman anything!"
"Hey!" Alibi protested.
"She might be your foster mother," Edwards said. "But to me she'll always be a turncoat. Double agent!"
"You're still mad about that?" Alibi was surprised. The man held a grudge, three decades later.
Edwards sighed.
"Look," he said. "I know it turned out your dad, BC, really assassinated Meredith. Governor McEntyre, but I thought Nita – sorry, your aunt, Anita – had done it. For years," he said. "After all, she did infiltrate our security corps for the UIN. The Universal Islamic Nation."
"Oh, I know about the UIN and the UTZ," Alibi said. "She made sure I know my history."
"Ha!" Edwards laughed.
"What?"
"Wait 'til you get old, Alibi Jones," Edwards said. "And you get to hear the stuff you remember as not so long ago called 'history'!"
"Sorry," Alibi said.
"Don't worry about it," Edwards said. "Ain't your fault." He stopped. "Here. We've gotta go off the trail here. I let this older route grow over. Don't go up there much myself. Don't usually let people explore around the ridgeline anymore."
"No?"
"Nah," Edwards said. "Don't want them getting hurt and suing me."
Edwards led Alibi through a rough tangle of brush.
"Ouch!" Alibi shouted. Something like a needle stabbed his skin.
"Careful!" Edwards warned, too late. "Blackberry bushes over there."
"Black berry?" Alibi asked. "They have needles! It stabbed me!"
"Thorns," Edwards said. "Some plants have 'em, you know. Blackberry plants have prickles. That's why I planted them here, long time ago – helps keep the curious away."
"Could see how that would work," Alibi said, rubbing the spot where he'd been pricked by the plants. "Pretty damn vicious. Are these the berries?"
"Yep," Edwards said. "You can eat 'em. Just the dark ones. The pink and green ones aren't ripe yet."
Alibi picked a berry and popped it in his mouth. It had a strange texture. Tasted pretty good.
"Kind of sweet and sour at the same time," Alibi said. "Not bad."
"Yeah, just watch out for the prickly parts," Edwards said. "Heh. We're here."
Alibi looked up. A wall of rock rose up sheer on the left towards the ridgeline. He and Edwards were on a narrow path on the steep side of the mountain. To the right, the hill dropped sharply away off from the path's edge. He peered ahead, but didn't see any openings in the rock wall. Nothing that looked like what he was hoping to see, at any rate.
"Where is it?" Alibi asked.
"Nothing much to see," Edwards said. "Like I told you last night. It's been kind of blown out of proportion. Down there."
Edwards pointed ahead, along the base of the cliff next to them. 
Alibi tried to look and tripped, falling into Edwards. Edwards stopped his fall, steadied him.
"Careful!" Edwards said. "Kind of drops off a little here."
"Gotcha," Alibi said, regaining his balance. 
A little?
They moved down the path. As they grew closer to where Edwards had pointed, the fireplace or whatever it was became easier to see, an indentation in the rock. It was grown over, but a dark space opened up in the cliff behind the brambles. 
He backed away from the cliff face trying to get a better idea of the size of the void behind the vegetation.
"Watch where you're stepping!" Edwards said, raising his voice.
Alibi looked. Another step and he'd have fallen backwards down the sheer drop-off.
"Thanks," Alibi said. "I'm not usually so clumsy. Just trying to see the outline of it."
It looked about two and a half meters tall, maybe a meter and a half wide.
"This is the fireplace, huh?" Alibi said. "You were right. I don't think I would have found it by myself. At all. Thank you, Mr. Edwards."
"You're welcome," Edwards said. "Y'know, it is a damn strange place to put a fireplace."
"Do you mind if I go in there?" Alibi asked.
"If you can," Edwards said. "More blackberry bushes, though. Watch out for those thorns."
Alibi pulled at the twisted branches, trying to clear them from the opening.
"You plant these, too?"
"Yep," Edwards said.	
"Damn." Alibi swore as a prickle tore into his thumb, drawing a little blood.
"Should have brought gloves with us," Edwards said. "Didn't think of that. Sorry."
What a concept – plants with needles. 
Alibi pulled away the brush from around the opening. The plants resisted uprooting. He twisted them to the side, out of the way, stomping on their stems. 
Edwards stood back and watched Alibi work.
Hey. Come on.
"Do you maybe feel like helping?" Alibi asked.
"Do you maybe feel like telling me why you're here?" Edwards asked, echoing him. "It occurs to me you never did make it clear why you wanted to find this thing."
Alibi looked around.
We're on the side of a mountain, in a remote part of Earth, and I'm worried about eavesdroppers. 
Guess we don't know what's overhead in orbit right now. 
Some justification.
Maybe.
Dammit. 
Finder has me all kinds of paranoid.
"Have you ever heard of Star Seeds?" Alibi asked.
"Star Seeds?" Edwards asked.
"The Star Seeds of the Ancient Enemy," Alibi said. "The ones they shot out into the galaxy as their home-world was being destroyed. Designed to generate or alter life on distant worlds to recreate their fallen race. Like the one that created human life here on Earth, for example."
"I've heard about those theories," Edwards said.
"They aren't theories," Alibi said. 
He turned back to the brush and began to pull at it again as he talked. 
"I've fought them, Mr. Edwards. The Ancient Enemy. Some of them tried to come back. One of them figured out how to move their energies ahead through time – and came ahead to our time, taking over a human body. He tried to bring a bunch more with him, too." 
Alibi shook his head as he remembered. "They did that because they knew others among them had readied the Star Seeds to go out – knew there would be compatible 'flesh receptacles' for them in the distant future, whenever they arrived. Not theories, sir. Very real."
One of them even took over my body for a while.
I got better.
Don't think I'll mention that.
"I hear ya," Edwards said. "Didn't see much about that on the news, though. Some of it I heard about. But I was in government, I know how that goes. Not every story gets out."
Edwards moved over alongside Alibi and began to pull at the overgrown brambles. Immediately, a prickle snagged his left palm, giving him a quick cut.
"Damn it to hell," Edwards swore.
Alibi chuckled, unable to help himself.
"Sorry," he said.
"You think one of those Star Seeds could be in here?" Edwards asked.
"Maybe," Alibi said. "Or there could be clues that point us to where one is. But I do think it's somewhere nearby."
"You think," Edwards said.
"Well, yeah," Alibi said. "I kind of had a... vision, I guess. Led me back to Earth. Then, I detected it here. Sort of."
Edwards studied him. Alibi couldn't tell if Edwards believed him or not.
How much can I tell him?
"A late friend of mine came up with a usable model of the stupidly complex bio-electrical energy matrix of the Ancient Enemy," Alibi said, deciding. 
Baffle him with the technical BS.
"What?" Edwards asked. "The complex whoosy-whatsis? I missed something there."
"Their bio-electrical energy matrix – their mental and physical power together, mixed. The part of themselves the Ancient Enemy sent forward in time, their energies. Kind of like their mind and souls combined."
"Time travel alone is impressive," Edwards said. "But that they could do that? Isolate their energies so they could send them through time? Pretty wild."
"Yeah," Alibi said. "And that's why even modeling it is kind of amazing. Took an incredible amount of computer power the first time. But once we did? We figured out we could create a simplified version that relied on a huge number of signifiers, instead of the gestalt."
"Not sure I follow," Edwards said.
"Sorry," Alibi said. 
But not sorry.
"Let's see... Duplicating the 'energy' pattern takes a lot of computer power. But you can use that duplicate model, once it's proven, as a model in itself for a further breakdown into 'signifiers' that you then use to create a smaller model. Which makes it more portable and functional, so you can use it to detect that pattern in the real world. It's in the computer memory on my ship. And it let me detect a sort of similar energy pattern near here. Although, it's hard to pin down the exact location."
"What do you mean?" Edwards asked.
"Weird as it sounds, it seems to shift and move," Alibi said. "However... a lot of times, it's appeared near this mountain ridge."
"No kidding," Edwards said. He grew quiet as he continued to tug and pull at the brush. 
Alibi stopped and looked at the opening in the rock face. The void beyond appeared six or seven meters deep.
"Another few plants and we'll be able to walk in," Alibi said. "It does kind of look like a fireplace, the way the outside edge is lined with blocks. Do we know who put those there?"
"Huh?" Edwards was caught off guard. "Sorry. I was thinking. Preoccupied. What were you saying?"
"It does look like a fireplace," Alibi said.
"So, let me get this straight," Edwards said. "You can detect the energy signature of the Ancient Enemy anywhere?"
Uh-oh.
"Well," Alibi said. "Kinda."
"So you could use that to find their old tech out there, too, then," Edwards said.
Shit.
"I don't know if it would find their tech," Alibi lied. "Unless they had been there, too. It can detect a life pattern, not a tech pattern."
Mostly.
"You should try to use it to find their stuff," Edwards said.
Damn. He can't know this. Nobody can know this!
It was Finder's intuition that led him to us when he was looking for a Star Seed. Wasn't like he knew what we could do, just that he had a hunch we could do something about getting him what he wanted. 
But Edwards can't know this. Then I'd have to kill him. I'm not killing the man.
Maybe we can invite him out to the Nest? 
"But you used it to find this tech," Edwards said. "The Star Seed?"
"The Star Seeds were Ancient Enemy 'life-bombs', basically," Alibi said. "They're kind of loaded with that energy."
Don't like lying to this guy.
Suddenly, I'm my father.
Fuck it. 
Done lying.
"But... there's something else going on here," Alibi said. "The energy signature certainly got my scan's attention. But the shifting is weird. Almost like one of them is here in some kind of residual form, moving around. The signals and patterns aren't clear."
"I haven't seen anyone else around here," Edwards said. "Not until you showed up."
"I'm not sure you'd see them," Alibi explained. "It's kind of a faint energy pattern, not focused like it would be if it were an actual living one of them walking around. And? It also seems to move through rock."
"Near here, a lot," Edwards said. "Gotcha." He shook his head, then changed the subject. "Think we can fit through now?"
They'd cleared almost a half-meter's space on the left side of the fireplace.
"Can we go in?" Alibi asked. "Do you mind?"
"S'why we're here, right?" Edwards said. "Go ahead."
Alibi pulled his lightbar out of his daypack and turned it on. He began to edge around the brambles, into the deeper part of the fireplace. He stopped to examine the blocks lining the entry. They were worn, polished stones showing signs of centuries of wear.
The blocks didn't continue far into the fireplace. After three meters, natural cave rock took over. The walls, ceiling and floor narrowed down in the darkness in front of him. The natural cave walls still showed some signs of carving past the point where the blocks ended. 
"It looks like this space was deliberately cleared," Alibi said. "But it's not as deep as it first looked."
Alibi cast his light towards the rear, a sheer wall of rock about five meters back. It also looked like it had been worked, carved using basic tools. He directed the lightbar up at the roof of the cave and discovered the low ceiling gave way to a shaft in the overhead rock, leading up beyond the reach of the light.
"A chimney? It is a fucking fireplace!' Alibi swore. "Arrgh!"
"Now you sound like him," Edwards laughed, behind him.
"Don't tell me that," Alibi said. "Not now. This is too disappointing. I don't need that, too"
"Sorry, kid."
Sand covered the floor, especially towards the back wall.
Something isn't right.
"It's a fucking fireplace," Edwards said.
Only? It's not.
"But, where are the ashes?" Alibi asked. "The burn marks? The charring?"
He shone the light around the space. Nothing looked blackened. There were no signs of burning on any surface.
"Come on, Alibi, it is ancient," Edwards said. "Hasn't been used in eons. It's probably all been worn and washed off."
"Sure, maybe, but there would still be signs," Alibi said.
As he reached the back "wall" he realized it wasn't one.
"This is a slab, not a wall," Alibi said. He pointed up. "And that's not a chimney."
Edwards edged inside the space.
"No?" Edwards said. "What is it?"
"I think it's a trap," Alibi said. "To keep the wrong people from getting past this point. The slab? The sand? The space above? This probably came crashing down on some poor slob back... who-knows-how-long ago. Kept them from getting at what's beyond."
"You think there's something past that wall... er, slab?" Edwards asked.
"I do," Alibi said. He grinned, and his hand went towards his waist. "Would you mind if I blast it?"
Edwards frowned. Then, so did Alibi, when Edwards looked like he minded. Edwards' brow wrinkled as he looked at the back wall, thinking.
"Well... you know, Alibi," he said. "Now that I'm closer I see what you mean. The back slab isn't carved out of the same rock – it's granite. The side walls look like softer stone."
"Different kinds of rock?"
"Yeah," Edwards said. He walked over, taking a closer look at the seam where the left wall met the backing slab. "I'll be damned."
"You see what I mean?" Alibi asked. 
"Doesn't look like it fell there, though, Alibi," Edwards said. "It's snug in place, almost a perfect fit." He looked up at the "chimney". "Or maybe it did! Probably hollowed that out so they could maneuver the damn thing into place. Like Egyptians sealing a tomb."
"Do you think this could be Egyptian?" Alibi asked. "That's pretty..."
Edwards cut him off. "No!" He shouted, a little louder than he meant to or was needed in the small space. "Sorry. Didn't want you going off on some foolish tangent. I'm not saying it's Egyptian. It's kind of an obvious concept, isn't it? Would follow different people in different places could have the same idea about sealing up places with stones, huh? I was just, you know, making a comparison for explanation's sake."
"But you have to admit – there could be something cool beyond the slab," Alibi said. "Like there was in Egypt a lot of times. If they sealed it up the same way."
"If," Edwards said. "Aw, hell. Sure looks like they did. Whoever the hell they were."
"So. Can I blast it?" Alibi asked again. "So we can find out?"
"No," Edwards said. "Not the back. It's a harder rock than the sides. Blast the side wall towards the back – we'll see if we can blast around the damn slab. But do me a favor, start on a low setting." He looked up again. "Don't want this crashing down on top of us!"
Alibi dialed down the power setting on the gun and took aim.
Fwash.
The blast was quieter than Alibi was used to as the low power beam whispered through the air. Energy played across the rock wall on the left by the back slab but didn't penetrate the surface. Alibi walked over and inspected the blast area. No damage. Nothing. Though it was warm to the touch.
"Gonna need a little more than that," Alibi said. "I'll be careful. Promise."
"Hope so," Edwards grumbled.
Alibi cranked the power up a bit, aimed again and fired.
FWASH!
Seemed like a good power setting. Alibi went to work.
FWASH! FWASH!


Chapter Four

Ruth sat and gazed out the window of her room at the garden two stories below. Fellow members of The Family of The Light worked the land surrounding the compound. A few acres were set aside for crops. Some workers tilled furrows in the dirt and planted new seeds. Others harvested fruit and vegetables where they'd grown ripe and ready for harvest.
She was nearly ripe, six months along, now. God was inside her. He'd always been inside of her. With her. When he came again offering his gift of Love, who was she to say no?
It had all been so confusing, at first. They said her father had asked for her release. It had to be God the Father at work. The Cardinal, her earthly father, was gone, long ago, now. 
No one told her anything until she'd arrived here, on Fortuna, and became illuminated.
There was a new Light leading the Family of the Light. He greeted her when she arrived. 
Unlike her Alibi, he'd wanted his mother at his side. 
Happiness Michael Kim. Her son, named Happiness! Her Hap! 
So different from Alibi, his half-brother. Though a year older, Alibi was more immature, lacking sincerity. Hap was very serious. And Hap had a Gift, too. 
Ruth was proud to once again be touched by The Light. And prouder still it was now her own son! 
She had thought it would be Alibi, who had the Gift. But he'd rejected her and, with her, her Faith. And so it turned out to be her later son, Happiness, who shined. 
Of course. 
She knew it would be one of her sons. And so? It was Hap. And now? The New Light!
Her thoughts seemed to beckon him. 
Hap walked into her room and stood beside her. He smiled.
Hap followed her gaze, and watched out the window with her for a few moments. Then, he looked down at Ruth where she sat.
"Hello, Ruth," Hap said. 
"Hello, Happiness. You are The Light!"
"Thank you," he said. He grew more serious. "The Light is within you."
"The Light of God is within me," she said. "Thank you for coming."
Love filled Ruth – the Love of God, and for God, and love for her son, and God's Son, and The Light. Any small doubts or fears she'd let grow inside her mind vanished like shadows in The Light. It always happened when Hap appeared. 
Hap smiled again. He laid a hand on the side of his mother's head.
"We are all One in the Light, aren't we, Mother?" Hap said.
"We are all One in The Light," she said. "We are all one in you, Hap."
"You are blessed, Mother," Hap said. "Blessed Ruth."
"Would you call me by name?" she asked. "Am I Mother or Ruth?"
"You are 'Ruth' when I act as The Light," Hap said. "For then, you are more my child than my Mother."
She frowned. Hap pressed his fingertips against the side of her head. He pulled his hand away. Ruth grew confused for a moment. Then, she was at peace, and smiled up at him.
"I've been watching them plant, outside," Ruth said. "You have the whole congregation out there. Maybe I should help."
"You are fine right here, Ruth," Hap said. "You're taking care of other growth. Just watch the others, for now. Be the rich soil that brings forth a bountiful harvest when the Word is sown!"
She turned back to look at the planting outside. Happiness put his hand on her shoulder as he, too, looked back out at the work going on.
"Jesus knew all about growing," Hap said. "We hear that in his parables... so many about growing food. We must be the good soil, Ruth. Not the hard path where the seed bounces away, nor the rocky ground where it holds only until challenged, nor thorns where the seed withers and dies... we must be... we are the good soil."
Ruth turned back to Hap, but his eyes were distant as he spoke.
"We can grow and grow... and reap a bountiful harvest," Hap said. "Thirty, sixty or a hundredfold."
She wasn't sure he was still talking about the food they were planting below. Her attention drew him back.
"Be at peace, Ruth," Hap said. "For now, be at peace."
As he spoke it, so she was – at peace.


Chapter Five

Edwards tapped Alibi on the shoulder after a few minutes of blasting.
"That enough, you think?" Edwards said. He coughed, waving his hands to clear some of the smoke from around his face.
Alibi looked at the hole he'd been blasting in the soft stone of the archway next to the blockage, blown out now to about a quarter of a meter across, two meters high.
"You think we can squeeze through that?" Alibi asked.
Edwards walked over to the space and leaned in to look around. 
He shook his head as he straightened back up.
"Huh," Edwards said, surprised. "No. Maybe blast some more." He stepped back out of the way.
FWASH! FWASH!
Alibi blasted away at the remaining rock, again stirring up dust and smoke. Six additional blasts, and he'd finally cleared enough space for them to squeeze through. 
"I think that's good," Alibi said, peering into the space. Edwards walked over and leaned in, looking past Alibi's shoulder.
"Alright," Edwards said. "Looks good to me. Go ahead!"
Alibi went first, and made it through easily. Edwards had a slightly harder time, being a little larger framed.
"Good thing we're both in shape, huh," Alibi said, as Edwards pried his body out of the passageway. 
"Ha!" Edwards laughed as he dusted off his clothes. "You think you're in shape, Alibi?"
"I exercise," Alibi protested. "I eat right!"
"Well, you're not heavy set," Edwards said. "I'll give you that. But I saw you breathing hard as we climbed up here. I've known folks carrying more weight than you who could easily stroll up this hill. Don't be so judgmental. I'm in shape. You? You're thin."
"We got through the hole," Alibi said, refusing to rise to an argument. "All that counts right now. And look at this place, huh?"
The two men cast their lightbars around the space.
"Looks like a cave," Edwards said.
"Yeah?" Alibi shined his light on some obvious masonry work. Blocks carved out of the same rock as the walls lined the lower part of the chamber, blending into the rock itself as the wall climbed higher and became a natural-looking cave ceiling overhead.
"Okay," Edwards said. "A root cellar. Colonial self-storage."
"Maybe," Alibi said. He glanced around, assessing the space. 
He noticed something. A flash or... what was that?
A beam of light?
"Turn off your light," Alibi said. 
Edwards started to protest. 
"Just for a minute," Alibi added, cutting him short. 
Edwards grumbled but complied. Alibi shut off his as well.
A single, bright beam of light shone down from the ceiling.
"Look at that," Alibi said into the near-dark. "Must be a channel bored up through the rock and out the cliff face, letting in light and air." 
The beam extended deep into the cave, pointing opposite the entry.
"Clever colonials," Edwards said.
"You think so?" Alibi said. "This feels older. I think." 
Could be a trap.
But? It looks too cool to be a trap. 
There's something about it. Its intent seems kind.
How weird is that? A hunch, a feeling, from a beam of light?
"You're awful quiet," Edwards said. "What are you thinking?"
"I think this light is pointing our way," Alibi said. He turned his light back on. Edwards did the same. 
Alibi moved toward the back of the cave, following the beam. A gap, hidden by a bulge in the wall's design, appeared as he approached. He tiptoed into the gap, keeping his lightbar in front of him.
"Alibi!" Edwards called out. "Where'd you go?"
Alibi stepped back out of the gap into the glare from Edwards' light.
"Woah!" Edwards said, startled. "How'd you do that? You disappeared and reappeared!"
"Look," Alibi said. "Come over here." 
He showed him the gap. Edwards' eyes widened.
"It creates an optical illusion," Alibi said. He smiled. "But? The light beam pointed right here. So at least they're playing fair."
"Fair-minded, clever colonials," Edwards said, laughing a little at his own humor.
"Sticking with it still, huh?" Alibi said.
"Yup."
"These stairs look colonial?"
Alibi gestured with his light through the gap. Edwards could see a flight of steep stone steps carved directly into the rock wall and descending into darkness, only wide enough for one person to take at a time.
"Couldn't tell you," Edwards said.
Alibi played light around the staircase walls.
"That's some skillful carving," Alibi said. Edwards, still taking it in, didn't answer. The surface was smooth, almost shiny. Alibi was encouraged.
Almost perfect. Not colonial.
He sniffed the air. 
Still kind of fresh. Little air flow coming up. That a good sign?
"What do you suppose is down there?" Alibi asked. "Really old and dry fruits and vegetables?"
"Spare me the sarcasm," Edwards said. "And? If that is what we find at the end of those steps? You're going to be eating the stuff. Along with your words."
"Uh-huh," Alibi said. "Not too worried about that."
Keeping his light out in front of him, Alibi led the way as they walked carefully, slowly, down the stairs. The smooth, carved-out passage, the stone steps, the fine, thick layer of dust on each riser, all argued for the way's antiquity. But something was off for Alibi.
It's not worn. 
Looks and feels old – yet it doesn't show signs of extensive use.
Why build it and not use it?
Maybe that trap up top was sprung early on.
"How many steps has it been," Alibi asked.
"What?" Edwards said. "You expecting me to count?"
"No. I guess not."
"Seventy-four," Edwards said. "So far."
"You were counting!"
"Couldn't help it."
"Thought I heard you saying numbers under your breath," Alibi said. "Figured I could stop counting."
"Are we there yet?"
Alibi, shining his light down the stairs, leaned back against the wall so Edwards could see past him.
"Almost," Alibi said. "That looks like the end, doesn't it?"
Edwards squinted.
"Might be. Hard to tell from here."
"Let's keep going," Alibi said. Then, for some reason, he thought of all of the rock above them.
The entire mountain pressed down on top of them, hit him like an actual weight on his chest. The passage's walls and ceiling closed in. Would they be crushed?
Alibi couldn't breathe. 
He turned back to look up at Edwards. Alibi tried to speak, but no words came, lacking wind from the lungs to propel them.
"You okay, Alibi?" Edwards asked, concerned. Then he stiffened, and shouted, "Snap out of it, Jones!"
Alibi jumped. And breathed.
"Woah," Alibi said. "Couldn’t... breathe... for... a second there."
"You start thinking about where we are?" Edwards said. 
"Yeah," Alibi said. "All the rock ab..."
"Stop!" Edwards cut him off. "Don't do it to both of us!" He chuckled. "Claustrophobia. Better not to contemplate where we are. Trust me."
"Never felt that before," Alibi said.
"Gone now?"
"Think so."
"Good," Edwards said. "Just focus on the floor and the walls, and the way ahead."
Alibi turned, looked at the steps in front of him, and started back down.
The stairs ended in a natural cavern that had been carved out and expanded somewhat, large enough for a handful of people to stand in together. Alibi peered into the narrow passage that led off to the right, where the corridor curved into darkness.
"Well, at least that flight is done," Edwards said. "You s'pose there's another hundred steps around that corner?"
"Hope not!" Alibi said. "Let's find out."
Alibi kicked up small clouds of dust as he eased down the passage. The way straightened out after the curve, but its end was beyond the glow of their lights.
At least there aren't more stairs. Well, none yet.
"Still think this is colonials?" Alibi asked.
"Maybe," Edwards said. "Maybe smugglers. Like over at Smuggler's Notch."
"They have tunnels like this there?" Alibi asked, surprised.
"No," Edwards admitted, sheepish. 
Alibi laughed. "What could they smuggle here? There's hardly enough room for us to walk through single file!" 
"I don't know," Edwards said. "Precious gems? Gold? Stuff like that?"
"Wasn't worth as much back then," Alibi asserted. "Would have had to move large quantities. And you can see – there's no sign of this being used much, is there?"
Edwards glanced around.
"Well, yeah, now that you mention it," he said. "It's not like some of the old castles I've visited where every step is a weird shape from all the people walking on it. Those steps were smooth."
What if it is a trap?
"Hey! Why'd you stop?"
"Sorry, Mr. Edwards. Just... a thought hit me."
"Call me Marc, remember," he said, smiling. He got more serious. "You thinking it's a trap?"
"Yeah!" Alibi said. "How did you kno..."
Edwards cut him off.
"It's too perfect," Edwards said. "Isn't it? One of your enemies could have set all this up to snare you, right?"
"How do you know I have enemies?" Alibi asked. 
"Who else would lay a trap?"
"Well, I don't want to sound paranoid, but... it is good to consider all options. Isn't it?"
"Sure," Edwards said. "You do, though."
"What?"
"Sound paranoid," Edwards said. "Whether you want to or not." He smirked. "If they wanted you dead, or kidnapped, they'd do it! They wouldn't construct an elaborate 'trap' to 'get' you. What would be the point? If they're wealthy enough to put this whole thing together? And behind my back, on my property, I might add? Well... they'd be powerful enough to just do what they wanted. Wouldn't they? You see? If they could do this? They wouldn't have to. Hear what I'm saying?"
"Got a point," Alibi admitted. "So... you don't think this is a trap?"
"For you? Personally? No," Edwards said. "For the unwitting trespasser like us? Maybe."
"Sorry you're dead, nothing personal?"
"More like that," Edwards said. "Yeah."
"Should we keep going?" Alibi asked.
"Well, yeah, sure. We've gone this far, right?"
Alibi started walking again.
"How did you know I was thinking it was a trap?" Alibi asked.
"Because, I thought about that about fifty steps back," Edwards said. "Had to wait for you to catch up."
"Oh really," Alibi said.
"Really. Hey, is it glowing up there?"
There was a dim, blueish-white light ahead. The corridor made another turn before its source, so they couldn't see what was shining. They directed their lightbars towards the ground as they approached the curve. No need to make a target of themselves as the place lightened up.
Around the corner, the passageway opened onto a cavern. Icy blue light shimmered off the rock walls and from overhead, emanating from a source on the other side of the cave, still hidden by the stalactites and stalagmites. 
I don't see another exit. This looks like the destination. 
Why?
Gotta be the light. Right?
What is this?
Alibi walked over to the source of the glow. A sheet of blue-white light stretched from ceiling to floor, wall to wall, across the opening to another, much smaller, cavern. The light seemed opaque, the white in its glow obscuring whatever lay past its illumination.
Alibi squinted at the wall of light.
Is someone in there?
It looks like someone is in there!
"Mr. Edw... Marc, come look at this!"
He walked over next to Alibi and the wall of light.
"A force field," Edwards said. "Old one."
"Can you see through it?" Alibi said. "Squint just so and you might be able to. Looks like someone is trapped in there."
Edwards came over and stared into the glowing blue-white light.
"Maybe... I don't know, Alibi," Edwards said as he squinted.
"Should we touch it?" Alibi asked. "Can I?"
"I don't know if that's a goo..." 
Before Edwards could finish, Alibi reached out and touched it.
The force field shifted from translucent to transparent for a few moments, long enough for Edwards and Alibi to see that there was indeed a man inside the cave behind the light barrier. Nothing seemed to happen to Alibi.
"I'm okay," Alibi said. "I touched it and I'm fine!"
"There is someone in there," Edwards said. "Maybe a priest."
"The field didn't hurt me, but there was no give to it," Alibi said. "I don't know if we can get past it."
Edwards reached out and touched the light. He pushed his palm flat against it. The field didn’t change this time.
"Yeah," he said. "No give at..."
Edwards stepped back, his arms dropping to his sides. He stared straight ahead, although his eyes appeared unfocused, seeing nothing.
"What the hell?" Alibi said, staring at the now unmoving man. 
What happened to him? Did the force field do that?
He snapped his fingers in front of Edwards face. No response.
"Hello."
"What?" Alibi heard someone say, "Hello". It was not Edwards. 
He didn't know where the voice was coming from.
"I slumber. And yet, I sense you."
The voice spoke inside of his mind.
"Who are you?" Alibi asked.
"I am the arch-mage. Open your mind!"


Chapter Six 

Blasters were such... imprecise weapons. But they, too, would work.
Katie – Katerina Ramsey – hadn't been a practicing assassin for long, but she was already creating a mental list of her favorite methods. 
Guns were low on her list. 
Of course, she had so many other more... exotic... means at her disposal.
She was beginning to anticipate having to use one of those means on this scum of a client sitting sprawled out in ostentatious luxury before her now. 
The Worm would not stop talking. For far too long, now. 
She sensed ulterior motives, the chat, a crude stalling tactic. Seemed he thought he could withhold her payment. The price of her being new in the field – she didn't have a proper reputation yet.
It was moments such as these that built proper reputations, she figured. As the man rambled on, Katie ran through her mental list, applying each method in kind to him in her mind's eye. It kept her amused, and ready for just such contingencies.
"I imagine it is a dangerous business, being an assassin," The Worm said. 
He paused for a moment. She was surprised.
"Yes," she said. "Which is why I charge what I do for my services."
"Pay me," she thought at him, as loud as she could.
"Of course," he said.
"And you will be paying up?" She verbally cut to the chase. "I grow tired of our conversation."
"Do you?" he said. "How rude."
"No," she said. "An hour of endless small talk with no sign yet of payment for a job obviously well done? That's rude."
She felt someone move up behind her chair before his hands reached around her neck. Before he could squeeze too tightly, the Rhoday Substance, her fluid armor, shot up at him from where she'd been wearing it around her waist like a thick belt. Two strands of the stuff grabbed him back, encircling each wrist.
She and the Rhoday were one, and they yanked the thug's hands off and away from her neck, holding him at bay as she got up from the chair and turned to face her attacker. The rest of the substance flowed over her body, creating her impervious second skin so her client couldn't damage her while she took care of his thug.
He backed away from her. She clapped her hands, and the substance contracted sharply, slicing each of the thug's hands off at the wrist. 
She stepped back as the thug began to flail, blood spurting in rhythmic pulses from his fresh stumps.
"Better take care of that," she said. "Direct pressure."
She turned back to her "client".
"What are you?" he asked in horror.
"Good at my job," she said. She nodded at the other man, still in shock, staring at his stumps as he tried pushing them together to stop the bleeding. "That was rude as well. Now. Pay me."
The Worm pulled out his Wand and punched in a transaction. Katie heard her Wand ding. She dug it out and looked to be sure he'd paid her, then shifted the money out of the public account into her private one.
"Thank you," she said. "This could have been so much neater and easier. And I will let it be known you do not follow through on your business arrangements without... coercion."
She let the Rhoday go full-on atmosphere suit, and it covered her almost entirely in its translucent brownish black substance, although she kept her face clear, for the moment.
This would help her reputation. His? Not so much. 
Or maybe it didn't matter. They did call him The Worm, after all. Maybe she should have considered that more before taking the job. Unfortunately, she didn't have much choice. She wasn't getting a lot of job offers. Yet.
"What is that stuff?" The Worm asked.
"It's me," she said. "What I am, now."
"You aren't human!"
"Not anymore," she said. "Not entirely."
She let the Rhoday cover her face and felt clean oxygen filtering through. 
Katie watched The Worm cower with her now-enhanced vision. The Rhoday still had its own minds, and she felt it take control of her right arm, raising it so it could shoot a strand of itself across the room to wrap around The Worm's throat like a rubber tentacle.
"Urk!"
The Worm began to choke and turn red.
Katie thought at the Rhoday. "Stop. We need him alive. To tell others of what we can and will do."
The strand released from around his neck and snapped back, absorbing into the whole as it covered her in its protective armor. She turned and left The Worm and his now-unconscious, bleeding-out henchman, and walked out of the room. 
"Well," she thought. "This should help my reputation." As she left the mansion and walked to her ship parked on the estate grounds outside, the Rhoday substance encompassing her ship gave her a view of herself walking toward it – a featureless ebony assassin. 
Scary. She liked it. A good look.


Chapter Seven

Alibi couldn't say how much he spoke, and how much he simply thought with his mind for the arch-mage to "hear". Their conversation was mostly non-verbal. 
"I figure I got it from my father. He taught me how to control it, a little," Alibi said, answering the arch-mage's question on where his mental abilities came from. "Don't think my mother had anything to do with reading minds."
"And you've seen him, you said? Though he is long dead?"
"Yeah," Alibi confirmed. "In some form or another. Once in a dream, kind of. That's when he taught me the double doors technique, the image I focus on to stop intrusions. I saw him another time, or had some kind of communication with him, triggered by handling an alien artifact called 'The Wishing Stone'. Guess I wished him into my presence, or something. Didn't last long. And recently, a Devrizium artifact took me back in time to see him. But he didn't know who I was, I don't think."
"Will you share your memories with me? I wish to know you better. Before."
"Before what?"
"Before I can trust you."
"And I should trust you?"
"That is for you to decide."
He decided to trust. 
Alibi opened his mind further, and thought about his recent involuntary time travel visit back to see his father, BC – a young hitman for the Vatican, at the time. Alibi nearly screwed up BC's mission.
Then, he thought back to his first dream of BC, years ago, when BC gave him the trick of imagining a set of heavy double doors in his mind, showed him how he could close the doors and lock out external forces and other unwanted intrusions from the rest of the world. He'd used that technique a lot.
He also remembered seeing his father when Finder asked him to track down the 'Wishing Stone'.  Alibi found the artifact in the ruins of a temple-like building on a long-dead planet, his father appearing in ghostly form when Alibi handled the stone, as if Alibi had "wished" him there. Out of all things they could have discussed, BC talked about his mother, Ruth. His father told Alibi he should forgive her for killing BC. For Alibi's own good. 
"Your father seems wise," the arch-mage said, as Alibi's reminiscences ended.
"I guess so," Alibi said. "If that was really him. And not my mind telling me what I wanted to hear."
"I do not think you wanted to hear that about your mother," the arch-mage said. "It feels like a true thing."
"So?" Alibi asked. "Did that help you?"
"Yes. A man reveals much of himself when he speaks of his family."
"He knew my dad," Alibi said, nodding over at Edwards. "Why did you do that to him?"
"I did not do that. He contacted the suspension field. It tends to... stun people."
"Not me."
"You have defenses in place. Your 'double doors'. You were shielded."
"That is you in there, isn't it?" Alibi asked. "You're the man behind that field?"
"Inside of it, actually," he said. "This suspension field bears me to my time. And I see the further question in your mind – it is not yet my time. There are many ways to travel into the future, Alibi Jones."
That thought disturbed Alibi.
You sound like Azhumet. One of the Ancient Enemy!
Unbidden, Alibi found himself thinking back on his confrontations with the ruthless time traveler, Azhumet. 
Azhumet found a way to propel his bio-energetic matrix, his "essence" or "soul" ahead through time. That essence had to find a host in the future, so Azhumet had possessed many bodies, eventually making fresh hosts through cloning and DNA experimentation. It then turned out Azhumet was only one of at least a hundred of the Ancient Enemy moving ahead through time. And Azhumet began making many hosts...
"You are still open to me – I see more than you mean me to, and hear your thoughts," the arch-mage said. "I know of Azhumet. And yes, I, too, am of the race apparently now referred to as the Ancient Enemy."
"You are?" Alibi said. "Why should I trust you, then?"
"A few of us had to go along with Azhumet's plan while we worked out our own," the arch-mage said. "But we didn't have to follow his all the way through. Several of us left the time flow to acquire bodies on the first inhabited system we came across – this one."
"Possessing people," Alibi said. "Nice."
"We had no choice," he said. "And each successive body has been of no use to its owner – we only take over the mentally empty. We don't prey on sentient beings."
"Azhumet did," Alibi said. "I stopped him. Well, my friends and I did."
"He was destined to fail," the arch-mage said.
"Not giving us any credit?" Alibi protested.
"You helped. We undermined them - he and his group - from the start. Played along while we developed the Star Seeds and turned the Servants against us. It was time for it all to end. Our race, the People, had grown thoroughly corrupt. Our hold on the known worlds was obscene. So, we ended it."
"Yet, here you are," Alibi said. "Alive. Again. Well, kind of. You haven't ended."
"We sent out the Star Seeds. We'd hoped to find their fruits borne out in time. And so, yes, here we are."
"You keep saying 'we' – there are others? More of you came out of the timestream?"
"There were others. No longer. They passed on after a time. I remain."
"Why?"
"Their work was done. I have more yet to accomplish."
"Your work?"
"We each helped several generations of your people to thrive and flourish. The stuff of your legends."
"Oh really? Like who?"
"The one you called Osiris was my friend. His human name lives on. The best among us. And the most powerful. After me."
"Not to brag, huh?"
"Simple truth."
"Who are you? Would I know you? What were you called? What did you do?"
"I was more obscure. You might know me. Or not. My work continues."
"Not. You're in a suspension field."
"It will resume, in time. No matter. That day will come. This is but a temporary interruption, a stirring into waking dream."
"So – why are you awake?" Alibi asked.
"I am not fully alert, neither asleep nor awake. 
Still, I see you. You are a bud. Only beginning to flower."
"A flower? Now I'm a flower?"
"A figure of speech, as you know. Here... a Gift."
"What? I don't see anything."
"A Gift! An unlocking of potential already within," the arch-mage said. "Your gift will unfold slowly, as you need it, as you work to develop it – find a teacher of some kind or teach yourself."
Alibi heard a ringing in his ears, or in his mind, behind and above them. His vision washed out in a sustained brilliant flash of white light. Then, the light and the sound both faded, and his vision and hearing returned to normal.
Alibi was staring into the force field.
Did I just hallucinate all that? 
Maybe I've been entranced like Edwards and didn't know it.
"You did not hallucinate," the arch-mage reassured him, the voice in his mind.
"I felt... something happen," Alibi said.
"Good," the arch-mage said inside of Alibi's head. "No immediate change will occur. You will experience the unfolding of your greater Gift over time."
"Thank you," Alibi said. "I think."
"Well, you came and found me and woke me up. I felt I owed you something."
Alibi started to smile but stopped.
"Wait. Something good or something bad?"
"That remains to be seen. On both of our accounts. Does it not?"
"I didn't mean to wake you up," Alibi said. "I didn't know we'd find you here."
"No? I'm mistaken, then? Perhaps I should withdraw my Gift, eh?"
"It's your Gift."
"No, truly, it's now your Gift, Alibi Jones. There is no taking this Gift back."
"I didn't ask for it," Alibi pointed out.
"True. So, then... why are you here? If you're not looking for me?"
"I'm searching for the Star Seed that landed here on Earth and made us into your descendants. My scanner readings led me here. But it looks like you were what I thought was the Star Seed."
"Ah. Well, one was here. But it was used up, long ago. I'm sorry."
"Damn."
"But this one was not the Star Seed that started you human beings."
"No?"
"I believe this one may have started those you call... Neanderthals? Denisovans? Hard to be sure. You're looking for the other one. Osiris' Star Seed. He found that one. He didn't use his - at least, not to any large degree. It had done enough already, turning you Homo sapiens into the human race. 
"After he passed, it wasn't properly accounted for. There were later rumors it was found, but those were never substantiated."
"This one's used up... but there's another one," Alibi said. "Another Star Seed? Here on Earth?"
"Perhaps. If the other one is still here. Earth was hit by two of them. You didn't know."
"Not until now. Thank you."
"You're welcome. I think," the arch-mage said. "I... grow weary. I must sleep again, Alibi Jones. Good luck with your quest."
"My quest? I'm searching, but I don't think it's a quest." 
"Everyone is looking for something. As a matter of fact, I'm sensing many people looking for you. Right now. Above us, up on the surface. The Solar Alliance?"
"Oh, man!"
The proximity alert on Alibi's Wand began howling.


Chapter Eight

Emily fumed and watched the ship's crew load out another palette of dirt from the free trader's cargo hold. That was all she'd been doing today, watching idiots shovel piles of dirt onto palette after floating palette, then walk them away. 
Supervising. 
Right.
Who did that woman think she was?
Emily knew – she was Anita Capituna, former Prime Rep among other titles and job descriptions. Taking charge and giving commands came naturally to her. Emily could respect that, even as she resented the woman for ordering her around. 
Even though Anita Capituna now had her watching a dirt delivery. 
Dirt.
That alone wasn't worth fuming over. Added to other, growing intrusions, however – like having that old scientist Krish look over her bookkeeping last week – the woman was getting under her skin. 
Alibi usually left her to her own devices. He named her business manager, then trusted her to do it right – not only the little things but big decisions, too. His only demand was "make it work". She liked that. 
She missed Alibi Jones. Not that she'd tell him. He'd get all weird again, and talk about time travel, the Devrizium and "destiny". She'd learned not to go there with him. Because otherwise, he was fine. 
Not bossy and pushy like his "aunt". 
Emily had been able to prove herself to Alibi. Anita, on the other hand, seemed... impenetrable. As if she was through letting new people into her personal space, and Emily had simply arrived too late – as if there were no way possible to prove your worth to Anita.
Emily gritted her teeth when Krish had shown up asking for a "peek at the ledgers," as he'd called it. But she cooperated. He was nice about it. Praised her after he'd scanned through the records and given them back. 
She ran through it in her mind again as she watched the crewmen shovel.
"Oh!" Krish had exclaimed. "This is good! The Solar Alliance Interplanetary Force divested the base to Alibi Jones! As a cost-cutting measure?"
"Yeah," Emily said. "I made it look to those in the S.A.I.F. who OK'd it like they were screwing Alibi over, saddling him with debt. They weren't, but it looked that way to them, and they liked the idea of Alibi getting screwed. So now, it's ours. His, anyway."
"They tried to screw him, but instead it freed him," Krish said. "I like that!"
"And now it's our own little island in space, outside the bounds of the Solar Alliance," she said.
"You've done an excellent job here, Ms. Brown," Krish said. "As I was sure I would find. Anita just likes to run double checks and such, you know. I will let her know of your exemplary work."
"Thanks," she said. She guessed that meant Anita was fully in charge of the Hornet's Nest now. If she was looking at the books. Then again, Alibi sure didn't seem inclined to stick around and run the place. 
He was gone even now! Off on another crazy quest for Finder. Maybe she should ask to join him next time. So long as he didn't get weird about it. 
Why should she have to hang around the base so much? She was a good business manager, but she was also a soldier. She missed doing... anything!
Maybe that's why she was chafing at Anita's poking around. It wasn't personal. And Krish was nice enough about it, even if her thanks had been half-hearted at best. 
She didn't hold back much. She'd let Krish know she wasn't happy about the intrusion.
She voiced the thought as she watched another palette sent off. 
"Too bad, Krish." 
"Emily!" Krish called as he entered the bay.
"Speak of the devil," she mumbled. 
"Krish," she said louder, nodding with her response.
"Have you seen Anita?" he asked.
"She's in her arboretum," she said. "Taking delivery of her dirt."
"Ah, the soil from Daishan, that's right," Krish said. "Thank you, Emily." 
He began to leave, but then paused, turning back to her.
"Cheer up," he said. "He'll be back soon."
"Who?"
"Alibi, of course! It's plain you miss him."
"I do not!" She went from fuming to mad. "Wasn't even thinking of him!"
"Have it your way," he said. 
He turned and left to seek out Anita.

Krish found a line of crewman and palettes waiting uncomfortably outside the door to the arboretum. 
"What's going on?" Krish asked.
"Not sure we should go in there," the one talkative crewman offered. "They're arguing. We think."
"They?"
Krish made his way past the palettes and into the huge room. 
Anita stood with an older gentleman in a well-tailored business suit, doing more glaring than arguing at the moment. Neither of them noticed Krish walk in.
"Hello Anita!" Krish said, a bit louder than necessary.
Anita and the businessman both turned to assess Krish.
Krish recognized the man from somewhere, just couldn't place him.
"Ah, Krish," Anita said. "Good. I'd like you to meet Billy Gentry."
Krish blanched at the name. 
"Oh," Krish said. "Mr. Gentry. Welcome to the Hornet's Nest."
"Don't welcome him, Krish," Anita said. "I don't want to create the false impression he's welcome here."
"This is how it's been going," Gentry said. "Krish, was it?"
Krish nodded.
Gentry extended his hand. Krish looked at it. He looked over at Anita, who was scowling. 
Krish kept his hands to himself and nodded at Gentry. Gentry nodded back, and then gracefully folded his hands together above his belt buckle.
"Do you have some say in running this place, Krish?" Gentry asked. "Or is it Doctor Krish?"
"My friends call me Krish," he said, smiling. "You can call me Dr. Krishnavurti."
Gentry grinned. 
"Y'all are good, I'll give you that," Gentry said. "Of course, you've been at it a long time." His grin narrowed to a more predatory leer. "A very long time."
"Are you insulting my age, now, Mr. Gentry?" Anita asked. "On top of your insulting power grab?"
"Power grab?" Krish asked. "How can he grab more power? He's the Godfather out here, everyone knows that!" Krish's words echoed as the room grew silent, one of those heavy silences where no one knew what should be said next. 
Krish broke it. "I'm not supposed to say that out loud, am I?" he asked. "Sorry."
"Gentry now claims Constantine has made him our Governor," Anita said. "Governor of the Depot Fringe."
"Really?" Krish said. "Governor Godfather, eh? But we are not in the Solar Alliance. Neither is the Depot Fringe."
"You are now," Gentry said. "According to Constantine. Look, I'm just the messenger."
"Yes," Krish said, "And I believe back in the original Constantine's day they would kill the messenger who brought such unwanted news."
"Krish," Anita said, cautioning him. "Don't put me in the position of having to apologize to Mr. Gentry here."
"Can't have that," Gentry joked. 
Krish thought he saw a grin flash across Anita's face.
There was a small bustle at the door to the arboretum. Emily made her way into the room.
"Oh," she said. "Sorry. Sorry to interrupt."
"Not an interruption," Anita said. "What is it, uh, dear?"
Krish winced as he wondered if Anita could remember Emily's name. The younger woman looked both hurt and pissed off.  On top of surprised to see Billy Gentry on the base.
"Sorry," Emily said again. "It's just – the dirt. You're holding up the dirt delivery. They don't want to bring it in here while you're talking. Again, I don't mean to interrupt, but... They're all waiting in line outside in the corridor, getting in people's way." 
"Mr. Gentry is the interruption, Emily," Anita said. "Not you."
"Well, I wasn't planning to bother you, ma'am, I was really coming here to see the place's owner," Gentry said. "But I don't see Alibi Jones anywhere around. Where is he?"
"Business trip," Emily said. When Gentry turned and stared at her, she regretted speaking up.
"Oh?" Gentry said. "Really? One I don't know about?"
"You know about most of them, do you?" Anita said, drawing Gentry's attention back to her.
"Yes," Gentry answered, matter-of-factly. 
”Ah," Anita said, sounding genuinely impressed. 
Krish recognized that tone. 
She was beginning to like the man.
Gentry smiled an authentic smile.
"Heh, that's right," Gentry said. "You're a woman who'd know the value of a good network."
"You know it," Anita said. "It is good to know people." She smiled, then frowned. "Though I don't quite know all the people I used to."
"That happens," Gentry said. "Me? I'm getting to know more and more people. Can't say as I like most of them."
"Is that a fact?" Anita said.
"Current company excluded," Gentry said, nodding to Anita. "You're actually... ha!" Gentry let his guard down for a second and laughed. "You are not at all what I expected, Anita Capituna. And I mean that in a good way."
"Are you trying to be charming?" Krish asked, interrupting. "I think he's trying to be charming, Emily, don't you?" Krish walked over and tugged on Gentry's arm. "Did you know I have a network, too? I also know people!"
Gentry scowled and shrugged Krish off his arm.
"Don't mock me, it won't go well for you," Gentry said to Krish, with quiet anger. He turned back to Anita. "I've been trying to be pleasant about this. This is a courtesy call, after all. Shame you can't show a little respect to your new governor."
"If we had one, I might," Anita said. "All I have is your word on that."
"My word is good," Gentry said.
Anita laughed. Krish knew it was forced, and for effect.
"Oh really?" Anita said, still chuckling. "To who?"
Gentry reddened. 
"You are a criminal," Anita said, matter-of-factly. "This could all be a set-up. A shake-down. A con. We have no reason to believe you."
"Let's call Constantine!" Gentry said, too loud. "Together! He'll back me..."
"Oh, no," Anita said, interrupting. "I'll never speak to that dreadful man again. He took away everything I owned. Or tried to. Might have tried to have me killed, too. Not speaking to him, no."
Gentry glowered at her. But there were cracks in his tough guy armor, admiration for Anita's grit shining through.
"Fine," he said. "But don't say I didn't warn you. Next time, I won't be so courteous."
 "Emily, would you courteously show Mr. Gentry back to his ship?" Anita asked. "Especially as his idea of courtesy is sneaking around our home unannounced. And poking into places he doesn't belong."
"Just looking for Alibi Jones," Gentry said. "You never did say where he is."
"That's right," Anita said.
"And?" Gentry asked.
"And? Emily, show Mr. Gentry to his ship, won't you?" Anita said, dismissing him. "And tell them to bring my dirt on in here – I want to get planting!"


Chapter Nine

Edwards remained in a dazed, standing-up sleep. 
Alibi ignored the howling alert on his Wand and concentrated on waking the man up.
He sent a "Wake up!" thought as he also yelled, "Wake up, Edwards!" 
Edwards started to sway, slightly, from side to side.
"Come on, Edwards!" Alibi commanded. "Snap out of it!"
"Huh?" Edwards blinked. "What happened?"
"You went into a trance after touching the force field."
"I did? Yeah, I kind of remember that. I guess I did. Hey, why is your Wand going nuts like that?"
"Proximity alert," Alibi explained. "Means there's a ton of people up there, back outside, looking for me. They seem to have tracked me down."
Edwards took out his own Wand and checked out what he could of the situation.
"Those are Solar Alliance vehicles out there," Edwards said. "After you?"
"It's kind of a long story," Alibi said.
"Because you blew up that planet?" Edwards asked. "That's what I heard. Didn't you blow up a planet or something?"
"I didn't mean to blow up that planet!" Alibi tried not to get angry. "But... it's gotten a lot bigger than that. They've tried to pin the destruction of a SAIF Stinger ship and crew on us, too. The current Solar Alliance administration is kind of evil, you see. They forced my Aunt out of the SA and cut off all her pensions. So we broke free."
"We?" Edwards asked. 
"There are a few of us getting together, using our old covert ops base – The Hornet's Nest – as our new home," Alibi explained. "My aunt's there now, keeping things humming along."
"I'll bet she is," Edwards said. "I do remember her, like I said. And she's running things? Good for her. Me? I hate running things. Hate politics."
"But you were a governor," Alibi said.
"Never elected," Edwards said. "I was lieutenant governor when the governor got assassinated. Couldn't get re-elected. Your father tried to help, but he kind of hurt my cause. My PR guys hated him."
"PR guys?"
"Yeah," Edwards said. "I was trying hard – too hard – to get re-elected. Hired this guy Julius Spears. He - and his kid, come to think of it – clashed with your father. You know, his kid works for the Prime Rep, now. All grown up. Justin Spears."
"Maybe he could put in a good word for me," Alibi said.
"Looks like you could use one," Edwards said, nodding at Alibi's Wand.
"You can't leave like this. Not with them out there. And not with him like this."
"Like what?" 
"A good word?" Edwards said, obviously not hearing the other voice.
Almost forgot Edwards and I weren't alone.
"Awake and aware. He already knows too much. This must change. And those outside cannot find you, and they certainly cannot find me. You must elude them."
"Wait a sec," Alibi said. "I don't want to hurt the guy. You don't hurt him, either!"
"Hurt who?" Edwards said, focusing. "Who are you talking to?"
"Brace yourself!"
"What are you doing?"
"This. Help me. Add your power to mine. We will erase their recent memories. Then you will walk out of here. I will steer Edwards out in a few hours."
Alibi felt a pulling on his mind. He gave in, and felt his thoughts join closer with the arch-mage's.
"Good. Now, work with me..."
Alibi began to "see" the arch-mage in his mind, a blurry figure in dazzling white, an old man with long platinum hair and beard.
"Is that you?"
"As you see me. Now, concentrate!"
The figure extended its hands towards Alibi as if holding an invisible globe. Alibi concentrated. Purple energy flowed like water in zero gravity, dancing in the air between the mage's palms.
"Think this thought with me..."
Alibi reached out, placing his palms above and below the energy. He let his double doors open a bit and felt the purple energy run into his hands like static sparks. He adjusted... something... and felt the sparks smooth out. He began to guide the energy dance along with the arch-mage.
It felt... good.
"Excellent. Now, help me propel this working... "
The arch-mage's eyes flashed wide, and a cylinder of red light surged out of its chest, floating forward to join the energy dance in their hands. The power surged, potent between his palms, glowing magenta, and the arch-mage barked a command.
"FORGET!"
As they sent out their mental pulse made of forgetting, Alibi's hands came together involuntarily with a clap, a vacuum created as the energy dance between them exploded. The dance expanded outward, a growing magenta and silver energy bubble flowing forth for kilometers until, a moment later, it dissipated.
Edwards dropped to the ground.
"Hey!" Alibi shouted. "I said I didn't want to hurt him!"
"He's merely unconscious. I'll take care of him. 
"You should go. The others out there are also knocked out for a time. Go now."
Alibi looked over his shoulder.
"Back the way I came?"
"No. Ahead. There is a way out of this chamber. The path continues down until it connects with and follows a natural stream. You'll head back above ground when that stream does. Follow the stream down the mountain back into town." 
"Okay," Alibi said. He started to move, then looked back at Edwards, crumpled on the floor. "You're sure he's going to be alright?"
"He'll be fine."
Alibi turned and left the cavern. He made his way through the underground passage as it went from smooth-walled to natural stone, from man-made corridor to deep cave. 
Good as the arch-mage's word, Alibi emerged into the outside world as the stream bubbled up out of the underground. He looked up.
There they are.
Three Solar Alliance Cruisers loomed in the sky over Alibi, giant, incongruous hulks of tech hanging there in the air above the beautiful, natural, tree-wooded ridgeline of the mountain. He hoped they were out cold up there. He laughed at himself a little as he realized he was trusting in a self-confessed member of the Ancient Enemy.
Yet, the arch-mage had led him out of the mountain as promised. The stream continued, as he'd said it would. He had no reason to doubt him.
Hope he was straight with me. I hope Edwards is okay in there with him.
Man... hope I can get home!
Alibi marveled at his twisting path of the last few months as he walked along the stream's edge. It was Finder's fault, really. Five months ago, Finder showed up at the Hornet's Nest, trying to "find" a Star Seed. 
Alibi had originally met Finder when tracking down the Dakhur artifact The Sunrise of Hur. Good as his name, Finder helped Alibi find that lost relic. But Finder worked on a sort of barter system – in exchange for him finding what you were looking for, he had you find something for him. 
Alibi found an old relic of the Ancient Enemy for Finder, the Travel Chair of Enokata. And while Alibi did get his hands on The Sunrise of Hur, he later discovered Finder had secured the Travel Chair for one of the Ancient Enemy who'd come forward in time – Azhumet! The consequences of that were profound. 
Azhumet used the Chair in a failed attempt to bring one-hundred elite of the Ancient Enemy forward through time. His failure caused their resulting disembodied energies to merge and form The Hunger, a mass of sentient, devouring energies. 
The Hunger then terrorized the Great Ship of the Rhoday. Encountered at first as a seeming ghost ship, the "ship" was actually made up of the dormant Rhoday themselves – not entirely corporeal entities, the Rhoday were resonant energy beings, the substance of their ship their combined physical forms. 
The Rhoday called on Alibi for help in evicting the Hunger from their ship. Though he ultimately defeated the Hunger, the Great Ship was destroyed, and the Rhoday nearly wiped out as a result.
Before the battle was over, Alibi found he'd even had to fight for his own body – one of the Ancient Enemy left the Hunger and possessed him, took his body over, stole it from him. Alibi won the fight, but helping Alibi expel the invader had cost his friend Kat, of the feline-like race the Dakhur, his life. 
Too high a price.
Hidden costs. Finder's services come with too many hidden costs.
Huh. Thinking about Kat reminds me. Still no word from Kit. 
Kit, Kat's older brother, had also been his friend, until Kit blamed Alibi for the loss of his fiancé in a tragedy Alibi had no control over. That had been a long time ago, but Kit harbored a hard grudge. Kat knew that. Just before Kat died, he made his brother swear to reconcile with his estranged friend, Alibi Jones. But, so far, Kit kept his distance from Alibi and the Hornet's Nest. Alibi kept hoping he'd see Kit appear at the base one day, a welcome surprise guest.
Surprise guest... huh. Instead of Kit, we got Finder.

Finder "found" passage on a free trader out from the Solar System and wandered off the ship as they unloaded cargo. Alibi remembered how Emily Brown, covering Security, had flagged Finder and held him as a suspicious person until Alibi arrived at the landing bay. 
"He's fine," Alibi told Emily. She nodded, then left them.
"Finder!" Alibi greeted the man. "What brings you out to the Hornet's Nest?"
Finder looked around, suspicious of his new surroundings. The ship's bay was empty of other people.
"Need some help finding something, of course," Finder said. "My sense tells me you're the one who can help me find it."
"Yeah, but," Alibi said, "I don't... I don't think I need to find anything. Well, maybe some piece of mind. Got any of that?"
"Funny," Finder said without humor. "I'm sure there's something you need that I can Find for you. You just don't know what it is. Yet."
"Well, sure," Alibi said. "Maybe that's true. We don't know. We can't. Convenient."
"Sorry," Finder said. He wasn't.
"Wait," Alibi said. "Do you know what it is I'm going to need?"
"Nah," Finder said. "That would be kind of creepy, wouldn't it?" He frowned. "I just know that I'll know. At some point."
"What do you want me to find for you?" Alibi asked.
"Shh," Finder shushed him. "Not here. Got anywhere private?"
"Sure," Alibi said. "Come with me." 
Alibi led Finder to his apartment. He let the man in, then locked the door behind him and engaged a security field.
"Okay, so what's the big deal?" Alibi asked, once he and Finder were sealed off.
Finder looked around, as if searching for eavesdroppers. Then, he focused back on Alibi.
"You ever hear of Star Seeds?" Finder asked, in a hoarse whisper.
"Sure," Alibi said. "We learned about them once we learned about the Ancient Enemy. They shot off thousands of Star Seeds when their planet was destroyed, one last attempt to keep their race alive, somehow. But then, the Eldred went around eliminating any they could find, right? Except. One came to Earth and we were started up, then were hidden by the Flaze and the Domo, until the Eldred found out and tried to kill us off."
"That's good – you know a lot," Finder said. "More than most these days. I'm highly disappointed by the recent decline in the Solar Alliance's educational standards. But I digress. I need you to find me a Star Seed."
"Really?" Alibi asked. "Why would you want to find an old Star Seed? Wouldn't they be used up? I mean, I don't know, spent somehow? All the DNA goo inside gone?"
"Not at all," Finder said. "They were nearly indestructible depositories of all the Ancient Enemy's knowledge. Among other things. "
"That would be valuable," Alibi said. "I guess."
"Scientifically valuable... that's why the Flaze were on Earth with the Domo, you know," Finder said. "The Domo could just eat us and gain some benefits from the Ancient Enemy's DNA. The Flaze wanted the Star Seed itself – searched high and low for it. They wanted to add it to their collection."
"They have a collection of Star Seeds?" Alibi asked. "The Flaze?"
"They did," Finder said. "Lost, now."
Oh, really.
"Stolen by the forgotten race, The Devrizium," Finder said. "Or so they say."
"They who? Who says?"
"The Flaze."
"So, The Devrizium got them all?" Alibi asked. "Including Earth's?"
"Oh, no," Finder said. "The Flaze never did find that one."

And now? Neither have I. 
Alibi glanced over at the little river. His gaze followed it back upstream to take in the mountain. He looked, but couldn't see up through the trees from here to check on the SAIF ships hovering above the ridgeline. 
They probably can't see me, either. Which is good! 
He'd found something. Just not the thing he'd been looking for. The Star Seed. 
Still not exactly sure what it is I did find.
Alibi turned and looked at the river's path, winding downhill through the trees.
Be happy now just to find my way back into town.


Chapter Ten

"How do I look?"
Justin Spears smiled. 
"Great, Nikko," Spears said. "You look great. Prime Representative extraordinaire!"
"Don't lay it on too thick, Spears," Constantine told his Secretary of Communications. "I almost believed you."
The two men were in The Prime Representative's rooms in the Capitol Complex in New York City on Earth, one of the Solar Alliance's five capitols, built up and around the former United Nations' installation. Prime Representative Constantine was prepping to meet with a delegation from their new allies, The Greater Tah.
Constantine stared into the mirror at his suit, looking for lint or small wrinkles.
"Never believe a PR man," Spears said. He laughed. "You know better than that."
"You know anything about this Zen'Tah they just announced was here?" Constantine asked, as his examination continued.
"You're asking me? Yikes," Spears said. "No clue. I just heard, too. But I think it's Xen'Tah, more of a "Sh" sound."
"I don't like surprises," Constantine said. He frowned.
"Don't I know," Spears said.
Constantine closed his eyes and inhaled a deep breath. He exhaled slowly, composing himself. Opening his eyes again, he looked over at Spears.
"So... they waiting for me?" Constantine asked.
"Yup," Spears said.
"Always keep 'em waiting," Constantine said. "Helps make the deal sweeter!"
"You sure that works with them?"
"Nope," Constantine admitted. "I never have any idea what's going to work with these guys. Why not try everything?"
"They're so... severe," Spears said.
"They are severe," Constantine said. "Order versus chaos. These guys are into order. Big time!"
"Can't believe we're dealing with them," Spears said.
"Don't have much choice," Constantine said. "They're an unstoppable force. We get to try to be the immovable object."
"Isn't that a football saying?" Spears said.
"I don't know," Constantine said.  "Works, though. How do I look?"
"Fine," Spears said.
"Okay," Constantine said. "Let's go. I'll lead."

Nikko Constantine walked down the corridor and into the meeting hall, head held high. Justin Spears trailed him at a respectful distance. Constantine strode up to the alien delegation. Among the Tek'Tah and three Sec'Tah stood an imposing, humanoid-looking thing. That had to be the new Xen'Tah. 
Constantine swallowed, kept his composure, and flashed the representatives his public smile.
"It is odd," The lead Sec' Tah spoke in hisses that were translated into English by a unit mounted on the front of its carapace. It seemed to begin in mid-conversation, without preamble or prologue. "How much you resemble the Ancient Enemy. Quite disturbing."
"I'm glad I make an entrance," Constantine said. "Welcome back to the Solar System, gentlebeings."
"Yes, we do feel welcome to it," a smaller Sec'Tah said. "Thank you."
"That is not the correct translation," the lead Sec'Tah said. "This other one meant to say we feel welcome here in your Solar System."
"I see. Thank you for clarifying."
"You are... welcome," The Sec'Tah leader said. "Let us discuss the subject of expanding our... cooperation. Shall we begin?"
"Hold on a second," Constantine said. "We've met you Sec'Tah. And those stubby ones, the Tek'Tah. But who's the big guy here?"
"We are Xen'Tah," the big one said. "Another aspect of the Greater Tah."
"I see," Constantine said. "Now, don't get me wrong, I am glad we have been able to forge an alliance, an... understanding... between the Greater Tah and the Solar Alliance. But we've been working together for months. Why are we just meeting the Xen'Tah now?"
"Because now is the time," the Xen'Tah intoned.
"Right," Constantine said. "So. Tell me, then. Are there more?"
"More what?" one of the Sec'Tah asked.
"More 'Tahs' or 'aspects' or whatever you call 'em?"
"Yes," the Xen'Tah said. It did not elaborate nor continue.
Constantine let out a sigh. Someone, might have been Spears, told him that the "slippery slope" was a logical fallacy, that it wasn't a real thing. 
Then why did he feel so much like he was sliding down one when dealing with the Greater Tah? 
He should never have allowed them an embassy on the Moon at Lunar Prime. Never allowed them to get their foot in the... their tentacles in the door. Actually, only the Tek'Tah really had what you could call "tentacles". 
In their armor, or spacesuits, the Tek'Tah looked like trash cans with tentacles spilling out top and bottom. Could only tell their "top" by the eyestalks, two of them sticking out above the tentacles. The Tek'Tah seemed to be the soldiers, the grunts. None too smart, they all seemed to take orders from Sec'Tah.
The Sec'Tah, who Constantine had thought were in charge, looked more bug-like. He looked over at the three in the Greater Tah delegation. Well, big, armored bugs. Or maybe Crawfish? Crabs? Lobsters! That was it. Lobsters in plate mail! 
He was getting hungry.
They had eight limbs, four each side, the lower two of which they used for bipedal locomotion, the upper four for finer manipulation. The lower middle limbs looked vestigial. It was hard to tell for sure under their armored suits. Constantine hadn't seen them use the little arms yet.
He'd welcomed the Greater Tah to the Solar System, let them set up a place on the Moon, use Ceres Central, embed with SAIF Troops for joint operations – all the things you do as you normalize relations with a new power, General Brandywine and her SAIF Mediators assured him. 
But the Greater Tah hadn't revealed the Xen'Tah. 
Not until now.
That was a problem.
And, as he looked at this Xen'Tah, this giant eight-foot-tall robot with a human-shaped head, Constantine felt like the slope was getting awfully slick. Was he sliding into the Greater Tah's... tentacles? Was that fear? 
"Get ahold of yourself, Nikko," he thought aloud in a whispered breath. 
He wondered if the aliens could sense his emotions. Smell his fear. 
They shouldn't be able to do that, should they? Being aliens? He'd have to ask one of the big brainers at The Project about that. What can aliens sense about humans? Maybe they have senses we don't? He hadn't considered that before.
Constantine took another deep breath and calmed himself. He stared at the Xen'Tah, waiting for it to go on. He prodded.
"Yes?"
"There are more," came the non-answer.
Constantine studied his new friend. Given that it looked like a giant and powerful metallic man, he supposed the Greater Tah were smart to hold guys like this one back until they got their whatevers in the door. They were kind of threatening. Imposing.
The head was striking – a large human-looking head with molded hair of polished silver metal, and flesh of a smoky blue translucent glass. Sparks and bolts of energy shifting through the color spectrum danced inside.
That made him wonder if they were energy creatures – he'd heard of aliens that were exclusively energy forms, but had never seen any himself. Of course, if they were just made of energy, the fact that they chose to live in a suit that looked like that said something, didn't it? 
Constantine was surprised they'd been able to get away with looking like that, as he thought about it. The way the other races freaked out when they saw humans – because humans resembled their "Ancient Enemy"? And these guys did it on purpose? Brazen. And threatening. 
As he considered their "look", he realized there was no way that the old caretaker race that died out, the blue koala guys – The Eldred? Yeah, that was it – The Eldred. There was no way they would have let the Xen'Tah get away with it. 
Maybe this was a new look for them. 
Wasn't that interesting? 
Sometimes, he could be really smart. Figuring shit like this out. 
Constantine also figured the Xen'Tah wasn't going to elaborate, so he decided to bring up the matter at hand. Letting the Greater Tah in as close as he had, as allies, was a Great risk. He knew it was. But he could handle them if he stayed focused. He knew that, too. 
Although, upon seeing the Xen'Tah, he wasn't as sure of that as he'd been when he thought it was just the Sec'Tah and Tek'Tah he was dealing with. Still. He could do this. 
Besides, they were going to help him get what he wanted. He needed to stay focused.
"Interesting," Constantine said. "For a group based on order, it is good to see how diverse your aspects are."
"Order abets diversity," the largest Sec'Tah said. "You speak as though Order and Diversity are in opposition. They are not. Order allows diverse aspects to co-exist peacefully."
"Is that so?" Constantine said. "Sounds pretty good. My PR guy would like it. Could put it on a T-shirt, even."
"A T-Shirt?" The Xen'Tah piped up. "That does not make sense."
"Sorry," Constantine said. "It was a joke. An attempt at one."
There was one sense no alien seemed to have, Constantine thought. A sense of humor.
Back to the negotiations.
"Our cooperation, both with your embeds and our combined military exercises on Earth, has gone pretty well," Constantine said. "A good start. Let's discuss the next phase of our joint operations, shall we?"


Chapter Eleven 

Alibi made his way downstream, descending the wooded mountainside. He soon spotted the road he'd walked from town yesterday, running parallel to the growing river as it continued downhill.
Good sign!
He decided to continue along the low river bank instead of climbing up onto the pavement. Less chance of being seen. He didn't know when the SAIF crews hanging out over the mountain would be stirring.
Alibi's thoughts went back to Finder as he walked. 
Why am I doing this for him, anyway? For Finder? 
There really isn't anything I'm looking for, nothing I need Finder to find for me. 
The more I find out about the Star Seeds, the less I want to put one in Finder's hands. 
And something else to consider.
What if there isn't anything Finder needs to find for me... because I actually need to find the Star Seed for myself? Maybe Finder found me something I didn't know I needed? 
That made his head hurt, a mental pretzel knotted up by logic. 
He knew Star Seeds were rare. As he searched, he learned they were so valuable as to be nearly priceless. Hunting for this one had already led to a couple of encounters he'd rather have avoided, one with a shady treasure hunter, and another with a wealthy and powerful collector. Both possessed rather chilling, amoral outlooks. It wasn't a big stretch to imagine either of them as Finder's client. 
Given all he'd discovered, Alibi didn't want the Star Seed in their hands, either. The arch-mage had given him much to consider. Along with his "gift". No wonder he was getting a headache. 
Alibi realized he'd better get out of his head and pay more attention to his surroundings. 
He tuned into the sounds of the stream, gurgling, splashing along beside him. He felt the sunlight streaming down through the treetops, saw its dance of light and shadow play on the ground as he walked. He took a deep breath, inhaling the smell of dirt and growing things that Edwards said was simply nature. 
This is why my aunt wants her arboretum. Create a space close to this, in some small way. 
Have to grab her a plant or something, soon. A peace offering.
HIt was hard not to relax – it is beautiful up here. 
But I can't. Gotta remember I'm being hunted.
It had been a while since Alibi had last seen his aunt. They hadn't spoken much, recently. 
Their last discussion hadn't been great. 

His Aunt Anita had recently started construction on her arboretum. He stopped by to see it expecting a big room or maybe a kind of greenhouse and instead walked into an enormous cave, where he found his aunt surveying the space.
"It's a start," he heard her saying to herself.
"Start of what?" Alibi asked, as he walked up behind her.
She turned.
"An arboretum," she said. She gave him a look, semi-exasperated.
"An arbor-what?" He joked.  "I'm sorry, Aunt Anita... I know, you've told me before. I didn't expect this, though. Seems big?"
"I need the space," she said. "To grow large plants. Trees, shrubs, all kinds of growing things."
"An arboretum, huh?" Alibi said. "It's really a garden, right? Why not just call it a garden?"
"Because it's enclosed," Anita said, and moved on. "I've wanted to do this for a long time," she said. "Or at least thought about doing it. Inspired by an old teacher of mine."
"Really."
"Van Kilner built one in The Project's first asteroid base," Anita said. "I've always wanted my own. If I'm stuck here, I might as well make the most of it."
Alibi looked hurt.
"What?" Anita asked.
"Stuck?" Alibi said.
"You know what I mean," she said, and frowned.
"This is a pretty big space," Alibi said, changing the subject.
"Krish helped me carve it out." 
"What?" Alibi laughed. "By himself?"
"He programmed 'bots," she said, still frowning.
Alibi shifted the subject.
"What did you do with all the rock?" 
"Can't use it for planting, unfortunately. But Krish said there were 'plentiful raw materials and rare elements' in the 'rock'. He also said, beyond that, any 'leftovers' would help fill his counter-measure canisters, for base defense."
Alibi smiled as he shook his head.
"Nothing goes to waste, huh?"
"Can't waste anything out here," she said.
He could hear it in what she was saying. And not saying.
Stuck. Out here.
"What's the matter?" she asked.
"Nothing," he lied. "I just wanted to let you know I'm heading out for a couple of weeks."
"You are?"
"I'm trying to track something down."
"Oh," she said. "I'd heard Finder visited. Is this something for him?"
"Well," Alibi said. "Sort of."
She stared at him. He knew that look of judgement. She was not pleased.
"You have responsibilities here, Alibi," she said.
"I know," he said. "I won't be gone long."
She didn't say anything, but continued to stare at him. He hated that. It always made him say too much. He couldn't keep his mouth shut under her glare.
"This could be good for us!" Alibi insisted. "If I find this thing for Finder, he'll owe us. Owe me."
She frowned.
"Alibi," she said, then paused. After a glance down, she looked up, eye-to-eye. "I think Finder is just an excuse."
"An excuse for what?" Alibi protested.
"To run off and leave the Hornet's Nest, of course," she said. "Run away from your responsibilities."
"But," Albi said, gathering his thoughts, "I'm not running away! I'll be right back. You'll be here. Emily is here... you don't need me!"
"Don't we?" Anita smiled. To Alibi, it looked like pity. "Maybe you're needed here more than you know."
"Really?"
"Emily tells me we're seeing new people arriving here," Anita said. "Every day."
"We've been letting some new people in," Alibi said. "Ships and crews that have reasons to avoid the Solar Alliance. And we've been replacing people who leave."
"Lieutenant Brisby?" She asked.
"Never came back from Christmas break on Earth," Alibi said.
She nodded.
"I had a feeling," she said, and sighed. "Too much the career SAIF officer. Thought he was smarter than that."
"That's one of us," Alibi cracked. "To be honest, Aunt Anita? With all the new arrivals, I hadn't thought about losing Brisby too much."
"You know, Alibi, this used to be a secret base. But we haven't exactly been hiding, lately."
"We're not a covert-ops team now," Alibi said. "And we're not trying to hide anymore. What's your point?"
"The Hornet's Nest is changing, Alibi," she said. "You know it is. Emily told me you've hired a few people to work security."
"Well, yeah," Alibi said. "But they wanted to stay here, and needed work. And with Brisby disappearing? We needed people. When they checked out on background, we gave them jobs to do. Some of them are kinda 'Security'. But they also help out loading and unloading in the bays."
Anita sighed.
"Look around, Alibi," she said. "Open your eyes. And don't be so thick."
He frowned.
"You're in charge of a growing base," she said. "Adventures are fine, but... look around you. You need to be here. Your place requires your presence."
"It's our place," he said. "It might be in my name on some doc somewhere, but it doesn't belong only to me. It belongs to all of us. Me, you, Emily, Krish... everybody."
"That's sweet, Ali," she said. He bristled at the use of his childhood nickname. He would not be manipulated by her now. His frown straightened out, and he turned to leave.
"Keep an eye on our place," Alibi said. "I'll be back."
"Alibi..."
He left his aunt's admonition in his name hanging in the air as he walked out of her future arboretum. 

Even if she hates being stuck out there, she shouldn't take it out on me. 
He and his aunt were clashing on lots of things. More than they used to. Lately, he hadn't felt like confiding in his Aunt Anita very much. Too much friction. On everything.
Maybe she was pissed I had a reason to leave. And she didn't.
Not that I needed to go. 
He smiled to himself.
Everything worked out fine anyway. I don't need to be there all the time. And I've been on several more "adventures" since without incident.
Alibi's wandering thoughts turned back to his hike down the mountain.
I do not wanna get caught up here.
Alibi stopped and looked for signs of pursuit. He scanned the woods and stared across the river, searching the trees for any sign of movement.
Can't tell if I'm near town yet or not.
Speaking of telling.
His aunt didn't like to think he had these gifts. 
How am I going to tell her about the arch-mage under the mountain? 
Maybe I can't.  Just thinking about it, I can hear her scoff. 
There are times I wish she was right, that it was only my imagination. But I have to keep my mental doors, my 'double doors', shut to keep the world closed out. That's not make-believe. Both Krish and I know she's wrong.
Of course, Aunt Anita never thinks she's wrong.
Working in close proximity these last few months hadn't necessarily brought out the best in any of them. He'd even seen conflicts between Anita and Krish. 
His Aunt Anita and Krish had been colleagues for decades at The Project, but each went their own way long ago. Both had their own manner of doing things. Each was accustomed to giving orders, usually unquestioningly obeyed. A bit of friction resulted as they both attempted to settle into new ways as residents of the Hornet's Nest. 
Then there was his friction with them both. 
Alibi ran the Hornet's Nest his way – loosely. The way he used to lead his crew. But as much as she talked about his responsibilities, from the second she'd gotten there, his aunt had kind of stepped in and taken over, assumed command. With the emphasis on "assumed". And Krish often treated him like he was still a teenager, not the leader of the Hornet's Nest.
Still... I miss them. 
Well. Kind of.
Alibi laughed to himself.
Definitely time to head home.  
Wish I was there now, instead of Nowhere, Vermont. 
There's no Star Seed here. And the "other" one, if there is one, is still lost. 
Back to square one. 
Alibi turned to look up at the mountain. The three Solar Alliance Cruisers above the mountaintop moved around methodically, in short paths, in the sky above the ridgeline. 
Crews must have woken up. 
Looks like they're scanning for some sign of me on – or within – the mountain. 
How did they find out I was here?
He walked on, staying with the river and off of the road, in case the Solar Alliance had troops on the ground as well. That worked until the road and river intersected at an old covered wooden bridge. 
Alibi paused at the edge of the tree cover. The woods faded back from the riverside. He surveyed the scene and considered his next steps. He'd have to step out into the open, and cross the road, the bridge... or the river.
The good news? He remembered this bridge, and where it was. He was only a couple of miles from the small town near the base of the mountain. 
Wasn't much of a town. Old meeting house. Small park. One Everything Store with a combo café and transport hub. 
Dunstan's Gore? 
Maybe. Not sure I remembered that name right. 
Not many people there when I came through yesterday. 
Alibi stopped. He heard something above the babbling of the river beside him.
Voices.


Chapter Twelve

"Hello Kit," Katie said.
"Katie," Kit answered over the com. His location was masked.
"Are you there? Have you gone yet?"
"No," Kit said.
"You promised your brother," she said. "You promised Kat."
"I know that."
"What do you tell your father? Does Rakhar know you delay?"
"Yes. No. Not entirely."
"You are such an idiot, Kit," Katie said.
"You are one of only two I would allow to speak with me this way," Kit said.
"You know I'm telling the truth. You're either still blaming Alibi for your lifemate's death, which was never Alibi's fault. Or you feel so embarrassed for holding a grudge against him for something he didn't do, that you feel you can't go see him. Either way? You are an idiot."
"I am going there soon," Kit said. "To the Hornet's Nest."
"Good."
"What are you doing? Or should I ask?"
"I am... working," she said.
"So the new... er... job? It is working out for you?"
"Yeah," she said. "Officially, I'm a bounty hunter. Dead or alive. Usually they want them alive. And I've been doing that, mostly. But I've had a couple of big ones of the other kind, too."
"They pay well?" Kit asked.
"When they pay," she said. "You're not dealing with the most honest beings in this line of work."
"I see. Where are you now?"
"On my way to the planet Fortuna," Katie said. "New home for some religious group. Another one of those sort of monolithic settlements we've been seeing lately. Boring. The leader there has a hit he wants done. Gotta love that – a religious guy wants someone taken out, heh. Must not have much of a budget if he's talking to me."
"Do not be so hard on yourself, Katie," Kit said.
"Just the truth, Kit, once again. I'll tell it to myself as fast as anyone else," she said, and laughed. "I'm still building my reputation. Can't charge too much, yet."
"Well," Kit said. "Good luck, Katie."
"Thanks, Kit," she said. "But you know why I'm calling."
"Yes," Kit said. He purred a sigh. "I will go to the Hornet's Nest. Soon."
"For Kat," Katie said. "You promised."
"I know."
"Thank you, Kit," she said. "Until next time?"
"Yes," Kit said. "Thank you for calling."
"Katie out," she said, closing the connection. 
She'd taken on the role of being Kit's goad to get him to the Hornet's Nest. The way she saw it, if your dying brother makes you promise him something, you have to follow through on it. The fact that Kit had been a stubborn idiot about the whole thing just made her "job" easier.
Now, to see about this other job. 
Katie checked the bridge controls and readied her ship for the Transpace Jump. Then, she looked up her itinerary again. She still had a few hours before she had to be on the ground on Fortuna to meet this guy who called himself... what was it? The Star? Oh yeah – The Light.
"Wonder who he wants dead?"


Chapter Thirteen

Alibi pulled back behind the trees and watched as two figures dressed in SAIF uniforms emerged from the covered bridge, talking.
They are here. 
I need to be gone. Find my travel cube and get going home.
Alibi crept into the woods, back uphill. When he felt he was out of earshot of the SAIF troops, he made for the river's edge. There, he took off his boots and socks, rolled up his pants, and stepped carefully across to the other side, using rocks and fallen trees to keep from getting in too deep, and completely soaked. 
After putting the river between himself and the SAIF troopers, Alibi put his boots and socks back on. With wet pants, but dry footwear, he started back along the river, past the bridge. 
Alibi stayed under tree cover as he continued to work his way towards Dunstan's Gore, keeping alert for any SAIF Troopers as he walked into town.
There were a few other travel cubes parked at the Everything Store hub when he arrived the day before. He'd pulled into a three-day spot. It was only day two. 
Should still be there waiting. 
It wasn't rented in his name. Hopefully the SAIF hadn't yet figured out it temporarily belonged to Alibi Jones.
Could be as simple as walking up, jumping in, and flying away. Wouldn't that be nice!
As he arrived in Dunstan's Gore, Alibi discovered he wasn't going to be able to easily determine whether or not the SAIF had figured out the travel cube at the Everything Store belonged to him. It didn't look good. Next to the row of cubes, a group of SAIF Troopers milled about, alongside two armored transports. 
They didn't seem to be paying any attention to the travel cubes, however.
Instead, it looked to Alibi like the store's parking lot had been turned into the SAIF's on-the-ground, mobile command center. 
Man, I do not get any breaks!
Alibi stayed hidden in the trees at the edge of the woods. He craned his neck to see if his travel cube was one of the ones still parked at the travel hub. 
It was. But now, of course, it was two cubes away from the SAIF mobile HQ unit.
Alibi saw two Sec'Tah with the SAIF Troopers. 
They're down here?
It seemed the Greater Tah now had a presence on Earth.
Not good. 
Alibi stayed in his tree cover and watched, waiting for a chance to sneak up to his cube. 
After a few hours, the day began to fade. As early dusk set in, Alibi sighed. He'd watched the place all afternoon. The SAIF Troopers and Sec'Tah hadn't budged. Their ships were still up over the mountain, scanning for him – though he thought his new "friend" the arch-mage might still be creating some kind of diversion. 
I can feel... something... going on. Can't sense what it is. There's no telling how much longer they'll be distracted. Gotta move. 
Alibi left the trees and sauntered down the road, trying to think himself invisible and innocent. 
Nothing to see here.
He walked up to his travel cube with his head low and turned away, ignoring the Sec'Tah standing next to it. He didn't know what else to do.  Alibi didn't know if they needed to eat, or go to the bathroom, but this one didn't seem to. The same one had been standing there all day.
The alien hissed after he'd walked past it. 
A translator mounted on the front of its carapace spoke to Alibi.
"What are you doing," it asked. "Human."
"Going home..." Alibi said, still deliberately not looking at it. He left the phrase hanging, unfinished, and punched the access code into the door of the cube. It popped ajar with a quick breath of cool air. Alibi lifted the door fully open and climbed inside the cube. "...Alien," he said, completing his response as he closed the door. 
The Sec'Tah began toddling over towards the travel cube.
"Logan! Now!" Alibi commanded as he sat down. The cube backed out of the parking space past the Sec'Tah. 
It rolled out onto the road. Alibi felt the lifters kick on, and the cube floated up, off the pavement. Then, it shot down the road at high speed, with Alibi safe inside.
"One hour to Logan Spaceport Facility," the cube informed him. 
The cube would hug the old ground transport roads until it reached a main thoroughfare, where it could pop up into the transport stream and maybe string up with other cubes heading in the same direction.
Alibi paid the extra for visuals and a heads-up display appeared, showing the road around the cube. The way ahead looked relatively clear, a few other cubes zipping along with his. 
He toggled through the display's available views. No one following. At least, not that he could see on the cube's viewer. Nothing overhead, either. Yet.
Here's hoping for a clean getaway. Don't know if I'm that lucky. 
Keep trying to think myself invisible. 
You don't see me! I'm not really here!
I've tried this before. Maybe the arch-mage's "gift" will help it work, this time.
He kept a virtual watch over his shoulder throughout the entire hour-long ride. 
Whatever the cause, Alibi made it to Logan, and back to the rented two-man jump ship Finder contracted for him, without interference. He'd apparently left the SAIF and their alien friends up on the mountain, looking for him. 
Alibi Jones didn't truly relax, however, until he'd gotten his Transpace Jump Point Clearance and queued the Jump Ship up behind three commercial vessels waiting their turns. If the SAIF had figured out where he was? They would have been on him by now. 
He started to breathe a little easier.
"Gawdamn," he let out with a sigh, as the ship shifted into Transpace. The anxious knot in his chest began loosening, until the com showed him all the messages waiting for him. From Finder.
Ah, fuck. 
Finder. 
He still knows where I am. No escaping him. Not yet. 
Shit. Given his gift – can he always find me?
The com lit up as he exited Transpace, near the Hornet's Nest. It was Finder. Trying again.
"Jones, you get it?" he asked as Alibi opened the connection.
"Hi, good to see you, too... no, it wasn't where we thought it was, Finder," he said. "The one that had been there was used up a long time ago."
"How do you know that? What about those readings?"
"I ran into the energy remnant of one of the Ancient Enemy," Alibi told him. "That's what my readings picked up. I think it used the Star Seed to stay alive all this time. It was in a kind of suspended animation. Waiting for something."
"Are you sure it wasn't lying to you?"
"Yeah," Alibi said. "It had no reason to. Besides, it was clearly what my readings were picking up."
"Fuck!" Finder shouted at him through the screen. "I need you to find a fucking Star Seed, Jones!"
He cut the connection.
"Well, that was perfectly reasonable," Alibi said to himself. "Because, of course, it's not like I've been looking for the last four or five months. Oh wait, I have."
And I'll hear about that, I'm sure, from Aunt Anita, after I land. 
Another lecture. She doesn't admit to, or even see, her own weaknesses. Never noticed that when I was younger. 
Why would I? Kids think their moms are all powerful goddesses of life.
Just have to brace myself.
"Open a com channel to the Hornet's Nest," Alibi commanded the Jump Ship. "Let 'em know I'm coming home."


Chapter Fourteen

Krish and Emily sat across from each other at a table in the Hornet's Nest Galley for their usual Monday morning working breakfast. They were missing the other two who usually took part. Alibi was still off on his latest chase after a Star Seed, though Emily had heard from communications a short time earlier that he was on his way back to base. Anita Capituna, however, had just cancelled on them, on short notice.
"I don't like this," Krish said. He pushed the food around on his plate but didn't lift his fork to eat.
"What, breakfast? Your eggs come out bad?" Emily asked.
"No," Krish said. "The general, uh, situation. The eggs are the eggs."
"I hear ya," Emily said. "Why is he still here?"
"I think she likes him," Krish said. "They ended up getting together, you know. At least for dinner. Twice."
"Ew," Emily said. "Doesn't she know what she's getting into?"
"I agree," Krish said. "Ew."
"Ew?" Hector Ruiz echoed the question as he walked in and over towards their table.
"You'll never guess who's here," Emily said. "Still here."
"Someone 'Ew'?" Hector said. "Billy Gentry, maybe? I saw him down in the landing bay talking to Ms. Anita. I didn't know she knew him."
Hector sat down with them at the table.
"She doesn't," Emily said. "Well..."
"She didn't, um... before," Krish said. "I think she does. Now."
"Yeah, they were extremely friendly," Hector said. "I was very surprised."
"It is a good thing Alibi is not here," Krish said. "He would be crushed to see his mother figure acting like this, with such a person."
"Is it a good thing?" Emily said. "Maybe if he was here more often, his aunt would be acting more responsibly." She frowned. "Excuse me." She left the table, heading for the door.
"She misses Alibi," Krish said, conspiratorially, to Hector.
"I do not!" She yelled back over her shoulder as she left the galley.
"Does she?" Hector asked. "I didn't know they were a thing."
"They're not," Krish said. "Yet. But I see it coming. Whether they do or not."
"You a matchmaker, now?" Hector asked.
Krish laughed.
"Far from it!" Krish said. "I am just... observant. I see things."
"I see," Hector said.
"So do I," Krish said. "You see?" They laughed.
"Gentry better get a move on or he's gonna bump into Alibi," Hector said. "Alibi just called in. Came out of Transpace as I was landing. He'll be here soon, after he dodges some rocks."

"You are not what I expected, William," Anita said. "I'm old enough that I cut to the chase and say what I think, and you are a sexy man."
The two had sparred back-and-forth via messages after Anita had Emily escort him back to his ship. When Anita admitted she enjoyed the repartee, Gentry invited himself to stay at the Hornet's Nest for an extra day or two. And invited Anita out to dinner.
She'd internally debated what she was going to do about that, but the side of her that wasn't going to let him leave the landing bay lost. She let him out. And... They'd had a nice weekend together. Anita had to admit – she'd enjoyed the insufferable man's company.
"You're a good-looking woman, Anita," Gentry said. "You surprise me. That's not easy to do. You know what power is, how to use it, and you don't fear it. That is sexy, too."
"So, here we are, a couple of sexy old people," Anita said. "Maybe we should do something more about that?"
"Maybe we should," Gentry said. "This is the longest I've spent with anyone, talking to anyone, in years." He smiled. "But no more right now. I'm supposed to be on Depot. Held up this ship, even."
He nodded at the Cruiser waiting next to them.
"No need to brag," she said, joking. She smiled. "We will get together again, then"
"Count on it," he said. "Though this does complicate things with Nikko. He doesn't like you. Or Alibi. I think he's afraid of you, Anita. Knows how powerful you were."
"Yes, he's been trying to eliminate my remaining power base ever since he got into office," she said. "He's done a pretty thorough job of shutting me out. Quite an insecure little man. "
"Your words, not mine," Gentry said. "I have to work with him."
"Too bad. He's vile," she said. "And not good-vile. Like yourself."
"Is that a compliment?" Gentry said.
"Not too much of one, no," she said. She smiled. "How nicely unexpected. And to think. You arrived with my dirt. Now you're growing on me... like a weed."
"You're not at all what I expected, either," he said. He laughed. "I shouldn't tell you this, but... Constantine doesn't know how sharp and smart you are. Well, he doesn't seem to, based on how he's described you to me in the past. You've got an advantage on him in that. He underestimates you. He doesn't know his enemy."
"And yet, he's still afraid of me," she said. "As I say – An insecure little man. And your political bedfellow."
"I don't want to sleep with him," Gentry joked, suggestive.
"Am I supposed to blush?" Anita asked. "Don't get ahead of yourself, Billy."
"Am I getting ahead of myself?" He asked, knowing the answer. "No goodbye kiss, then?"
"Don't get ahead of yourself," she repeated. She grinned. "I'm not much of a kisser. Or a hugger, either. And a handshake? Now? I don't think so. So, I'll just nod. And you can go."
"Can I, now?" He laughed. 
"You can. You may. And? You should," she said. "Go."
"Okay, I'll go," he said. "But you're not the easiest woman to escape from, you know."
"Go."
He smirked, turned, and walked over to his ship. The airlock opened. 
Gentry turned back before stepping in.
"Hey, you're watching me go," he said. "That's cute. Almost romantic."
"Go, William!"
Anita couldn't keep her straight face any longer. A laugh ripped out.
"Dammit," she said, laughing. "Get out of here!"
"Okay, I'm gone," Gentry said. "For now."
He ducked into the ship's airlock, and the doors slid shut behind him.
"I did not see that coming," she said to herself. 
Anita smiled, and began the walk back to her arboretum. 


Chapter Fifteen

"Why is everyone acting so weird?" Alibi Jones asked the question out loud as he walked into the Hornet's Nest galley, spotting Krish, Emily and Hector eating a late lunch. He walked over to the table and sat down. "Everyone seems on edge," Alibi said. "Except Aunt Anita. All of a sudden, she's happy. Which is also weird."
"Ask your aunt," Krish said. 
"Maybe if you were around more, you'd notice more," Emily said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Alibi asked.
Can no one be normal?
Krish snickered.
"Weird!" Alibi said. 
"Well... lunch is good," Hector said. "I recommend the beef brisket. Very nice today."
"Hey, are there more people here?" Alibi said, wondering aloud as his head swiveled around.
"Yes," Krish said. "More people every day. Many now flee the Solar Alliance, since the Greater Tah have become such a presence."
"Well, if they're fleeing the Solar Alliance, they shouldn't be coming here," Emily said.
Alibi was confused.
"What? This isn't the Solar Alliance," Alibi said. "What do you mean?"
"Constantine claims we're back in the Solar Alliance," Emily said. "He sent Billy Gentry here to inform us. Just this past weekend."
"Really?" Alibi said. "The Godfather himself, huh?" The thought struck him. "Bet Aunt Anita gave him whatfor!"
"She gave him something, alright," Krish said.
"Krish!" Emily said.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Alibi was confused.
"I think there's chocolate pudding with whip cream for dessert," Hector said.
"There you are!" Anita called out from the doorway to the galley. "Alibi!" 
He waved as she walked over.
"Hey Aunt Anita."
She looked around at those seated at the table.
"Hello everyone," she said. "Please excuse Alibi and I. Alibi, can you come with me?"
"Now?" He asked. "I just sat down."
"Please."
He stood up.
"Okay," Alibi said. He sighed. "See you weirdos later," he told Krish, Emily and Hector. He turned and followed his aunt out of the room.
They didn't talk much as they walked.
Guess she really can't wait to lecture me. Though never in public. Which is nice.
"Welcome home, Alibi! Now, Listen!"
Or maybe she wants to discuss Constantine and company.
"Is this about Billy Gentry?" Alibi asked, when they finally reached his aunt's office.
"Oof!" She bumped into the corner of her desk as she was walking around it and stumbled slightly.
"Are you okay?" Alibi asked, rushing to go to her side. 
She brushed him back.
"I'm fine, Ali," she said. "Have a seat."
He retreated, settling into the nearest of the two chairs in front as his aunt sat down behind the desk.
"The others were just telling me that Constantine sent Gentry here to inform us we're back in the Solar Alliance," Alibi said. "Whether we like it or not."
"Ah, I see," she said. "Yes. He did. And that he was our new Governor, too."
"Really!" Alibi said. "When did this happen?"
"He showed up a couple of days ago," she said. "While you were away. He came to see you."
"Thanks for handling it," he said.
"Ali," she began. She stopped and started over. "Alibi. That's what I wanted to talk to you about. Handling things. The Hornet's Nest," she said. "We need to talk."
"Why?" Alibi didn't want to have this conversation. 
Why does being with my aunt always make me feel like I'm ten years old again? 
"I mean... I don't mind," he said.
"You don't mind what?"
Alibi squirmed a little. He didn't like having to say these things out loud.
"I don't mind if you want to run the Hornet's Nest," he said. "I kind of figured you'd end up doing it anyway."
She looked surprised.
"That's what you thought? That I wanted to..." She smiled. "Well. That does explain some of your behavior."
"My behavior?"
"I was going to lecture you on responsibility," she said. "And how you can't just go off on some wild goose chase when you have a base to run."
"Wild goose chase?"
"Did you find that 'Star Seed'?"
"No."
She looked at him with one of her patented "I told-you-so" stares. He frowned.
"Not yet."
She couldn't hold her stare too long. She grinned.
"And that's how many tries now? Three? 
"But. You thought I wanted to run it," she said. Her smile dropped, and she looked him in the eyes. "I don't."
"You don't?" he echoed in question. She shook her head.
"No," she said. "This is your place. And now is your time. Not mine, not anymore. I don't want to be in charge here."
Okay, it is official. 
Everyone here is acting extremely weird. 
Since when does she not want to be in charge?
"You kind of acted like you did," he said. "These last few months."
"I did? Just being myself, I guess," she said. "And trying to help by looking over your shoulder a little."
"A little!" He laughed, couldn't help himself. His aunt frowned.
"Alibi," she said. "When do you plan on getting serious?"
"I'm pretty serious now, Aunt Anita," he said.
"About what? What are you doing? People know we're out here, now – what will you do as more and more arrive? How will you take care of them and keep those here safe? What are you doing?"
"This?" he said. He gestured at their surroundings.
"You're running a hub, a base," she said, a question in her voice. "And running trade?"
"Well, really, you're running it. And Emily."
"There you go," she said. "You're in a holding pattern here, Alibi. You have been – do you see it?"
"Yeah," he said. "I guess."
"I think that's why you went running off so quickly when Finder came calling," she said. "You were bored."
"Not bored," Alibi said. "Well, not exactly. I mean..."
"Well," Anita said. "What are you doing?"
"You know, what I said." He shrugged. "Running some trade. Doing what I always do, I guess. Making things work."
"But what's the plan?" Anita asked. "You sound bored. What's your plan, Alibi?"
"I thought you had one, Aunt Anita. You usually do."
"I'm beginning to realize that," she said. "I don't. My plans are done. It's your time."
"You don't have a plan?"
"No."
"You always have a plan," Alibi said.
"Until now," she said. "I'm getting old, Alibi. My plans might not be the best anymore. So, I ask again. What are your plans?"
"I don't have any, either."
"That's a problem," Anita said. "People are looking to you for leadership, Alibi. You come from political stock."
"Political stock? Not really," Alibi said. "I come from a couple of murderers. A hitman and the woman who killed him."
"But I raised you," she said.
"Nature versus nurture?" he said.
She frowned.
"How many state events and diplomatic parties have you attended, either with me or on my behalf, Alibi?" she said. "You have already represented the entire Solar Alliance. Many times."
"On your behalf," he said. "That's different."
"What have you grown up with? Political parties, society... you've been bred to it, whether you want to admit it or not."
"Not bred."
"Okay, fine. Raised to it," she said. A thought struck her. "You called Nikko Constantine when I was missing, correct?"
"I did," Alibi said. "Not sure it was my best idea."
"It was not," she said. "But that's beside the point... He took your call, right? Didn't he?"
"He did."
"So, tell me, Alibi," she said. "Do you think just anyone can call the Prime Representative and get through?"
"Didn't think about it too much," he admitted.
"You're... well, they used to call it 'aristocracy'. You're someone people look up to. They look to you for direction. You're a natural leader, Ali. So, tell me, what do you want to lead?"
"What do I want to lead?"
"It's happening already, Alibi. These people here answer to you."
"I don't know about that."
"Oh yeah? They don't follow me. I don't believe I could get them to do anything they didn't already want to do. Hector and Bob? They're only here because of you. Emily's been pissed off at me since I got here – she looks to you. People are congregating. Gathering around you. So... what do you want to do about it?"
"I don't know. What if I don't want to do anything? What if I don't do anything?"
"Nothing will change. Nothing will happen. That's fine. If nothing is what you want. If nothing is what you want to be. But if you want to be legendary, you have to create legends. And you should be legendary, Alibi."
"Legendary?"
"You need to step out on your own," she said. "Make a name for yourself."
"Why should I be a leader, though? I don't feel like one." 
"Captain on your ship?"
"What?"
"You've always been the Captain if you're on a ship, of your own ship. Haven't you?"
"Yeah," he said. "So?"
"And you took that as what? A given?"
"Well. Yeah."
He grinned and laughed a little.
Got me there, Aunt Anita.
"Alibi, let me get serious. I think you could do great things."
"Oh really."
"I didn't think there would be a need for great things anymore," she said. "But I was wrong."
"You didn't?" Alibi asked. "Is there?"
"Most definitely," Anita said. "We're better than this, Alibi."
"Than what?"
"Than capitulating to the Greater Tah, like Constantine is," she said. "What did you see on Earth?"
"The Greater Tah are already everywhere," Alibi said. "They were even with the SAIF Troopers up in the mountains after me, off the beaten path away from the cities."
"That fucking moron," she said. "Constantine has embedded them in with the SAIF. On Earth."
"So, what about Billy Gentry showing up?" Alibi asked, changing the subject. "He was here on Constantine's behalf, I take it?"
"In a way," she said. "But Gentry is... his own man."
What the hell? I know that tone. 
What is going on? She's definitely not telling me everything. Can see all the signs. 
"You like him?" Alibi said. "It sounds like you like him!"
His aunt paused to study Alibi. Measuring him.
"Well?"
"I did," she said. "I do, Alibi. We hit it off, of all things."
"You did? Do?"
"I'd never trust him," she said. "But I have to tell you, Alibi... the man is damn sexy. Of course, I am attracted to power."
"Ew!" Alibi protested. "Don't tell me that!"
"I'm old, I'm not dead, Alibi."
"I know," he said. "I'm just not used to thinking of you that way, you know, like a woman."
"Grow up, Alibi," she said. 
"Got it," Alibi said. "Heard you on that, before. Now, it makes a little more sense."
Should have realized something was up.
She has no plans. Right.
She always has plans.
Her plans. For her. 
And Gentry?
And not for me. I see. 
I should make my own plans.
"More sense?" she asked.
Alibi got up. He stared at his aunt. Hurt. Angry.
Can't say anything or it will suck.
He turned and started to leave.
"Alibi?" Anita said.
He turned back to her. He shook his head, and then shifted to leave the office.
"Alibi?" His aunt called after him, but he didn't want to speak.
Alibi was afraid he'd say something far too wrong and hurtful in reply. So, instead, he marched, head down, out of his aunt's office, back to his quarters, and locked his door.
Don't really want to talk to anyone right now.


Chapter Sixteen

"He's not talking to anyone," Emily said. "Hasn't for a couple weeks, now."
"Well, then," Kit said. "That will make this easier. I can certainly deal with working with Alibi Jones if I do not have to speak with him. Or see him."
Kit looked around the landing bay they'd assigned him. The huge space could easily have handled a ship ten times the size of his small, personal transport. This Hornet's Nest was a big place. 
He saw a Dakhur across the landing bay and turned to Emily.
"Who is that other Dakhur?" he asked. But when he turned and looked back, the Dakhur was gone.
"Other Dakhur?" Emily asked. "I think you're the only one on the base right now, Kitrafgrundlerrrrralllkazzzh."
"Oh."
"Although," she paused, searching for the right words. "As you know, your brother, Katrafgrundlerrrrralllkazzzh, used to work with us. With me. Here, and on our ship. We miss him a great deal. He was very special. I'm very sorry for your loss, Kitrafgrundlerrrrralllkazzzh."
"Thank you," Kit said. "And please, call me Kit. I do appreciate that you make the effort to use our full names."
"So" Emily said. She took a deep breath, ready to say the Dakhur's full name, then stopped. "Kit!" She exhaled. "What brings you here?"
"My brother, actually," Kit said. "I made a promise to him. When he was dying. I promised I would come back here."
 "Yeah, I remember that," she said. "He asked you to fix your friendship with Alibi Jones."
Kit didn't respond. 
"So," Emily tried again. "What do you do? I mean, speaking as the business manager here. How do you see yourself contributing? We can sign you onto the meal plan, room and board, but... we're starting to ask people how they can contribute, you know?"
"That makes sense," Kit said. "I am a pilot. Dakhur vessels, most classes. Speaking of which, my personal transport can be placed in the hands of the base's crew while I am not using it, though its small size will preclude much usefulness, I am afraid. I can also pilot several different classes of human vessels, Cruisers, Stingers, and Traders."
"Do you have any tech skills?" She asked. 
Kit heard the unasked second half of her question – "Like your brother did?"
"Some. I am not as tech savvy as my brother was," Kit said.
"I'm sorry," Emily said. "I didn't mean..."
"Do not apologize," Kit said.
"Well, it can't be easy for you, coming back here like this," she said. "I don't mean to make it any harder." 
 "Thank you," Kit said.
"Aren't you guys from a diplomatic family?" she asked. "Should I list diplomacy among your skills?"
"Yes," Kit said. "Ours is a diplomatic family. But, no. Among my people, I am not looked to for diplomatic skills. My single assignment in that area was a spectacular failure."
"Oh really," she said.
"The leader of the colony Paradise was overthrown in a coup, and then killed, directly in front of me," Kit said. "After she sought sanctuary in our embassy, where I was assigned."
"Which was not your fault," Anita said, startling Emily. The older woman joined Emily and Kit in the landing bay. Emily hadn't heard her approach. "Your sense of blame is out of wack, Kit. On everything."
"Anita," Kit said. "Hello. Rakhar sends his greetings to you, as well."
"Thank you, Kit," she said. "So, you finally decided to show up, huh?"
"I am here," Kit said.
"Only took half a year," she said. "Thought you Dakhur moved faster than that."
"I was in no hurry," Kit said. "Aside from silencing my goad."
"Ah, yes, your 'goad' – how is she?" Anita asked.
"She says to say that she is fine, if you ask me how she is doing," Kit said. "But I am to say no more."
Anita sighed. 
"I understand," Anita said.
Emily frowned. Drama. Plus, she hated people talking around her about things she wasn't privy to.
"Well," Emily said. "I'll just get going, then, and..."
Anita stopped her.
"Emily? I'm sorry to interrupt," Anita said. "Are you helping Kit get settled in?"
Emily nodded. 
"Good," Anita said. "I'm meeting another ship that's coming in, in a few minutes."
Emily cocked her head. Ah. She knew who was coming in. 
Dirt.
"Gotcha," Emily said. "Can you follow me, Kit? I'll show you to the residence area, so you can choose an apartment. We'll get you settled into the 'Nest."
"Indeed," Kit said. "Thank you, Emily. It was good to see you, Anita Capituna."
"You too, Kit!" She said, and then turned to walk off.
Emily noticed Kit peering intently after Anita. When she followed his gaze, she saw he looked past the woman, into the distance beyond her, almost hypnotized.
"Kit?" she tried.
The Dakhur came back to himself.
"Yes?" His brown and gold fur seemed to stand up a little. He appeared slightly puffier, fuzzier.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
"I... yes," he said. "I believe I am. It is just that I thought I saw my brother a moment ago, or another Dakhur who looked like him from a distance. And earlier, when I asked you if you saw them, too. I did not think of Kat then, but the coloring was also similar to my brother."
"Maybe you keep expecting to see him, so you kind of do?" Emily offered. "That happened to me, after I lost someone close. And it did, with Kat, too. I'd turn a corner, or go into the galley, and expect to see him and hear him crack a joke. But he was gone. I think that's a part of how we miss people. It happens to us humans."
"We Dakhur do not 'see things' like this, not usually," Kit said. "And we do not tell jokes."
"You don't!"
"Me?" Kit said, surprised at the tone.
"I didn't say that," Emily said. "I thought you did."
The two of them looked around the empty landing bay area. They were alone.
"Maybe it's because you've been hanging around us humans," Emily said. "And because we both miss Kat. That sounded like something he would have said."
"Yes, it did," Kit admitted. "I do not like it."
"Let's go to the galley," she said. "It's brightly lit with lots of people. It'll be a good change of scenery. And a chance to meet some of the others here. And food. Gosh – are you hungry? I should have asked!"
"Yes, I am a bit hungry," Kit said. 
"See? That explains it," she said. "I sometimes hear voices when I'm hungry! But it's usually my stomach rumbling."
"I see."
"Am I trying too hard?" Emily asked. "I'm just going to lead the way, quietly."
"Thank you."
Emily called up base controls and arranged for quarters and a meal plan for Kit as they walked to the galley. Then, even though he was being a complete idiot and didn't deserve it, she sent Alibi a follow-up message, letting him know that Kit was here, and that they would soon be in the galley. 
Maybe that would get him out of his apartments. It was getting ridiculous. Almost two weeks now.
Kit knew Krish, it turned out, when Emily began introductions. They went back a ways. Hector, Janice and Bob Bond were there as well, so she introduced the Dakhur to the crew of the Libreampista and Librecampista II. 
Hector was complaining about the Greater Tah.
"They're already out here!" Hector said. "I'm telling you, something is up. When one of those Greater Tah is touring Depot? That cannot be good news."
"I don't like it," Bob said.
"We cannot trust the Greater Tah," Kit said.
"No, we cannot," Alibi said.
Alibi Jones stood in the doorway to the galley in his Solar Alliance dress uniform.
"We cannot trust a whole lot of people, it turns out," Alibi said.
 He walked over to where Kit, Emily, Krish and the rest were congregating.
"Hello Kit," Alibi said.
"Alibi," Kit said.
"You just get here?"
"Yes," Kit said. "Earlier today."
"Welcome," Alibi said. "Let Emily know what you can do, and what your needs are. She'll integrate you into the routines here."
"Yes, we have spoken of these things," Kit said.
"Good," Alibi said. "I've been... a little out of it." He smiled without humor. "Meditating. Had a lot I needed to go through in my mind. Make sure I was still in my mind. Been doing some traveling with it lately. Left me a little detached. Apart. A little lost."
"Lost?" Kit asked.
"Reality all seems pretty damn iffy," Alibi said. "Lots to ponder."
The sudden silence after Alibi's pronouncement shattered when a woman's laughter echoed from the corridor outside the galley. The group's collective attention was drawn to the doorway as Anita and Billy Gentry strolled by in conversation, oblivious to the onlookers as they passed. 
"Yes, I believe you have a point," Krish said. Hector chuckled, giving "permission" in a way for Emily, Bob and Janice to join in the uneasy laughter.
Alibi frowned. He focused on those in front of him.
"My Aunt Anita has made it clear to me, she's kind of done with... all of this," Alibi said, gesturing to their general surroundings and themselves. "We had a talk. Time for me to take over and take things more seriously. Because she is done."
"Ah, so that is why you dressed up!" Krish said.
Alibi looked down at himself.
"Yeah," Alibi said. "My old SAIF Uniform. But it doesn't feel right anymore. Soon as I put it on, it felt wrong. We're not in the Solar Alliance. No matter what Gentry says. I've got one of the old fabricators working on something new. They had Hornet's Nest uniforms back when this was an active base, so I worked off one of their old designs. I guess hornets were yellow and black?"
"You want us all wearing yellow?" Krish said.
"Nah," Alibi said. "Mostly black. Some pale yellow on a couple pockets and piping. And no one has to wear it. I just thought maybe that I should. And give you the option." He looked down at the uniform again. "I need some new clothes. I wanted to wear this one last time. You know... I used to love it. Sure, it was required for my Mediation duties. But I also wore it to important state functions for my aunt. When Aunt Anita was Prime Rep, I could wear it and be proud." 
They seemed unsure of how to respond, so he changed the subject, and continued.
"This is a good core group," Alibi said. "Hector – are you and your people in port through tomorrow, at least?"
"Sure," Hector said. "What's up?"
"Can I get you, Bob, and Janice to join me for a meeting this evening?" Alibi said. "Six O'clock. Conference room 'C'."
"Sure," Hector said.
"I'm in," Bob responded. Janice nodded.
"Emily?" he asked. "Krish?"
"Of course," Emily said.
"Yes," Krish said.
"Great!" Alibi said. "A little homework for you beforehand. You guys know that old phrase, 'Know Your Enemy', right?"
"Sure – right – yes."
"Come to the meeting tonight ready to share all you know about the Greater Tah," Alibi said. "We know who our Enemy is. Time to learn more about them. And figure out how to defeat them."
"Really?" Krish said.
"You're serious?" Emily asked.
"Absolutely," Alibi said. "Did you know they call me 'disorderly'? That's fine. I prefer my 'chaos' to what they call 'Order'."
Alibi finally turned to Kit.
"I know I don’t know you anymore, Kitrafgrundlerrrrralllkazzzh," Alibi said. "I do not presume upon any lingering ties from the friendship we once had between us. That said? Given your skills, and your knowledge of our common enemy, your contributions to my cause would be invaluable. And I invite you to join me in this attempt to create a meaningful opposition to the Greater Tah. Will you come to the meeting at six?"
"Yes," Kit said. "It is about time someone did something. I am a little surprised it is you, Alibi Jones. But not entirely. I will be there. The Greater Tah must be stopped."
"See you at six, then," Alibi said. "That should give you some time to settle in?"
"I would think so," Kit said. 
"We'll get him into an apartment after some lunch," Emily said. She held up her Wand and wiggled it. "Already in the works."
"Great," Alibi said. "See you guys then." 
He turned and headed out of the galley.
"He has changed," Kit said.
"Yeah, like, in just the last week or so," Emily said.
"He was ranting about everyone acting weird," Hector said. "Maybe he's just decided to join us, eh?"
"He's decided on something," Krish said. "I think he's decided to get dangerous."

Chapter Seventeen

"The Greater Tah themselves are an alliance of several different races," Krish said to the group gathered in Conference Room 'C'. "The Sec'Tah are primary, with several subordinate races, number currently unknown. Humanity first encountered the Tek'Tah – a not-so-intelligent race, low on the Greater Tah 'totem pole'." He cleared his throat.
"After the fall of the Eldred, the Greater Tah began asserting its 'Order' on many of the Central Worlds of Settled Space. They expect member races to 'behave' themselves and contribute to the general welfare of the Greater Tah, however the Greater Tah decides they will define that.
"Now, we have reports from Earth that the Greater Tah are present there in alarming numbers."
Krish looked around the room, as if assessing the assembled group.
"Are we secure in here, Alibi?" Krish asked.
"Yes," Alibi said. "Looks like your stasis field is holding."
"I am greatly concerned that one of our enemies is among us," Krish said. "This is a very delicate subject. I would not put it past Anita to be working a solo angle on Gentry, but I'm afraid she may also be blinded somewhat by selfish desires. Whatever the reason, one of Constantine's allies is here. Right now."
"So, let's guard our backs and watch our security," Alibi said. "Krish, why don't you partition off some secure channels on the Wands for this group to use – without letting my Aunt know?"
"Yes, I can do that," Krish said. He frowned. "But I still do not like this."
"Neither do I, Krish," Alibi said. "Point taken. We’re good for now. Go ahead."
"Thank you," Krish said. "We have heard through numerous sources that Constantine's announced expansion of the Solar Alliance will not only be enforced by the Solar Alliance Interplanetary Force, but also by units from The Greater Tah. It seems their embeds with SAIF forces in the Solar System were just the beginning. They are now conducting additional joint maneuvers on Earth, training for cooperation in their anticipated enforcement of Constantine's power grab."
"Expanding the Solar Alliance and the rights of all of humankind, to be what they can be, to fulfill their dreams," Alibi quoted Constantine's campaign material, then joked, "In an orderly fashion, please."
"Somehow, I don't see Sharkovsky on Depot embracing the Greater Tah," Bob said. 
"He won't have a choice," Alibi said. "He's a good soldier, he'll go along. Constantine will need Depot for a base to take the rest of the Fringe. Besides, Sharkovsky will soon answer to Gentry as 'governor', now that Constantine has legitimized him."
"He's not gonna like that, either," Bob said.
"Not 'The Fringe' – The 'Reaches'," Hector said. "Constantine announced they will now be called the Depot Reaches. As part of the S.A."
"Should be the Over-reaches," Alibi cracked. "And just think – we have the new governor right here."
"Doesn't do us any good," Emily said. "We can't kill him. Gentry's already too powerful. Has his own private forces. If we kill or imprison him, they'd come and kill us."
"I see you've given this some thought," Alibi said.
"Maybe a little," Emily said.
"Good," Alibi said. "There's more on this that I need to speak to you and Krish about. Remind me before we adjourn."
"Okay," she said.
"Krish, I need you to lead a maintenance detail," Albi said. "Do a system check on the maneuvering drives for the base. The Hornet's Nest should be able to move. Theoretically. But those engines are old and unused. Let's see what they look like."
"You do know those were built only for minor adjustments and emergencies, correct?" Krish asked.
"Sure," Alibi said.
"I just didn't want you to think we could fly this base around," Krish said. "It's not built like that. It is not a ship."
"But we could move it. A little. If we had too," Alibi said. "Right?"
"Theoretically," Krish said. "Maybe. I will find out."
"Thank you, Krish," Alibi said. "Emily, did you get Kit here all settled?" 
She looked at Kit, who shrugged, and then back to Alibi.
"Pretty much," she said. "He's in an apartment and on the meal plan." 
"Good," Alibi said. "Now, I want you to delegate that intake process to someone else. As things get busier, I could see that alone taking up all of your time, and you're too valuable for that."
"Oh. Okay."
"Find someone, let me know who it is, and train them up," Alibi said. "Get it off your plate in the next two weeks."
"Gotcha."
"While you're doing that? Let's get the Cruiser back into action," Alibi said. "Run some cargo. Make some S.A. credits. We're going to need funds. See what you can book for us. And see about renting another Cruiser. We're going to need more ships."
"Yes, sir," Emily said. 
"Kit, you ready to get back out into space?"
"I was just in space, Alibi Jones," Kit said. "How do you think I got here?"
"Sorry, Kit, not quite what I meant," Alibi said. "I meant on a more, well, regular basis. I want you to captain and pilot the Cruiser. Take over the A.D Foster."
"Me?" Kit asked. "What will you do?" 
"What I'm doing – run this place," Alibi said. "And I'll come along sometimes, too. Maybe you could let me captain a little bit when I do, for old time's sake."
"Okay," Kit said. "I guess I can do that."
"Great!" Alibi said. He changed the subject. "We're going to start renting out more landing bays, but only after strict security checks. I don’t want just anyone in here. But when the Greater Tah show up on Depot? On the Fringe? People are going to want other places to call home base. They're beginning to hear about us being out here, and that we're somewhere the Greater Tah isn't. That can be good for us, get us more good people here. People like the quasi-legal status of stuff on the Fringe. The Greater Tah will want to end that and establish their 'Order' – with the help of Constantine and Gentry."
"Really?" Hector said. "You're gonna open this place up? Right under his nose? You know you're still going to have to cut Gentry in on that action. If he's around, he's gonna see it."
"Maybe we won't have to cut him in," Alibi said. "Isn't he going 'legit'?"
"Gentry is trying to maintain collections while he also takes on the Governor title," Hector said. "Trying to have it both ways. Legal and illegal. He'd probably tell you to stop? But then he'd wanna cut of what you made if you didn't."
"Great. Figures," Alibi said. "Gentry is a powerful man. Probably feels he's giving a lot up to go legit. What do we know about the other new governors? What are there, four, including Gentry?"
"Yes, four, but we do not know a lot," Krish said. "Someone named Peterson was named Governor of Kismet and the Expanses. Supposedly Laveillur's successor."
"Peterson? Could be anyone," Alibi said. "I met a couple different men who claimed to be 'Peterson'. More a title than a name. Who else did Constantine name?"
"Vila on Cat's Eye," Krish said. "Not 'named'. Already governor, managed to hold onto the title while Constantine puffed it up a bit."
"I remember him," Alibi said. "Met him a few times, but it was years ago. Seemed like just your average politician."
"And then there is Dr. Randall," Krish said. "Now Governor Randall, of Rigel 4. He was Constantine's man at The Project. He was a bad doctor? But he made up for it by being a horrible administrator. Another winner."
"Wonder how they all feel about the Greater Tah," Alibi said. "Now that they're working with them."
"If we can judge by Gentry," Krish said. "I don't believe these new governors knew of Constantine's involvement with the Greater Tah before agreeing to be part of his 'expansion plan'."
Alibi smiled a humorless smile.
"Thank you, Krish," Alibi said. He looked around the room, and then fixed his sight on Kit. "Kit, the Dakhur have been dealing with the Greater Tah for a longer time than we humans. Can you fill us in with what you know?"
There was a moment's silence, as if Kit debated internally whether or not to answer before he spoke.
"None of you have any appreciation for the oppression brought by the Greater Tah," Kit said, finally. "They offer peace only if one becomes a vassal state. And one must, because they are a nearly insurmountable enemy."
"Insurmountable?" Krish asked.
"Yes," Kit said.
"So, you don't think there's any way we can beat them?' Alibi asked. "Stop them?"
"I have not given up trying," Kit said. "I am here. But I have seen my world succumb. It is a slow thing. Nothing this dismal happens all at once. But your leader Constantine is weak. He sells you out."
"Do you know of anyone who has successfully fought back against the Greater Tah?" Alibi asked.
"Not yet," Kit said. "However, now that the Greater Tah have access to human space, they grow disturbed by your race's chaos. They do not hide their disdain for humankind and your 'disorder'. Because of this, I can see your race fighting them. And winning."
"Really?" Alibi asked.
"Yes," Kit said. "The irrationality that erupts from within your people is often alarming in its sudden, chaotic manifestations. Completely disordered. You can surprise them, and win."
Alibi smiled. Krish, Hector, Bob, Janice and Emily all stared at Kit.
"Completely disordered," Alibi said. "And if I remember right, we smell like 'sweaty, stinky meat', too, right? Kit here just loves us human beings."
"No, I do not love you," Kit said. "In fact, you are hard for me to take, for those reasons."
"Then you really must think we can win," Krish said. "To put up with us."
"You do things that do not make sense," Kit said. "That unpredictability might help. That is all I am saying."
"We do?" Alibi asked.
"I will relate, with a story," Kit said. "There is a human on Paradise I met named Joseph Bhiman. He told other humans he was a 'guru'. He said could see what he called auras – energy patterns, I guess. I could not see them. And he activated 'chi', another energy I could not see, in other humans. Or so he told them." Kit paused. 
"To me, none of this made any sense. But other humans were changed by him. Whatever he did, they became very energetic. And they gave him money. Some stayed and lived with him. Some called him a magician. Others went away disappointed. Their behavior was not predictable. None of it seemed to actually be real, but he is still there, doing this, to this day. And humans come to him, and give him their money, and are changed. That sort of... unpredictability... could be to your advantage."
"We're just crazy enough to win?" Alibi said.
"Yes, that would be a way of putting it," Kit said. 
"The Greater Tah doesn't like our religions," Hector said. "I know that for a fact. They've been discouraging Constantine from helping the NcC at all."
"I have heard of some new religious worlds popping up," Krish said. "New colonies, founded as faiths get chased off of Earth. There is a recent one founded by the remnants of the Universal Islamic Nation. And a new Christian one, too, on Fortuna, Light People or People of the Light, something like that."
"Humankind still has a mystic element," Alibi said. "That could work in our favor."
"There are true... abilities... developing in human beings," Krish said. "Telepathic, psionic, however you choose to label them. Provable, reproducible. Unfortunately, that makes it possible for a lot of myths and quackery to claim their own share of invisible 'powers' that do not hold up under scrutiny. However, the power of the human mind, or 'will' being what it is, it can be convinced it has power through the suggestions of even charlatans, and work change in the world."
"I don't believe in anything I can't see," Janice said, speaking for the first time. "But. Let people have their fun."
"I don't think we can rule out the development of further abilities by the human mind," Alibi said.
"Alibi is being modest," Krish said. "He has been developing abilities. He once performed a remote viewing so accurate we charted a Transpace Jump from star coordinates he saw with his mind."
I did, didn't I? And who knows what I'll be able to do now? After The Gift?
"I saw him do this as well," Kit said. "Though I had forgotten it. This, too. All of this makes you humans... dangerous. To the Greater Tah."
"And ourselves, sometimes," Emily said, with a little laugh.
"There is more you need to know," Kit said. "The Greater Tah is more than the Sec'Tah and the Tek'Tah."
"Yes," Krish said. "We have heard the Sec'Tah have other races under them like the Tek'Tah."
"No," Kit said. "You have not yet met those who dominate the Sec'Tah! They are not 'in charge' of the Greater Tah. They are but its bureaucrats. They run things. They are scouts."
"The Sec'Tah aren't in charge?" Alibi asked.
"Not at all," Kit said. "The Xen'Tah lead them. And we have not yet met any above the Xen'Tah thus far. As the Xen'Tah look like giant human robots, we have no desire to see what would dominate them. They make a disturbing and impactful first impression."
"Something to look forward to," Alibi cracked. "Giant human-looking robots, huh?"
"I need to know more about these... Xen'Tah!" Krish said, excited.
"Yes," Kit said. "You do. The Xen'Tah are foes to be reckoned with, compound creatures, a biological sensate possessed by a parasitical energy creature. The energy creatures are of great age and move from host to host as they use them up. They breed many hosts for this purpose."
"So they're a two-fer." Alibi said. "Awesome. Why do they look like us?"
"It was not always so," Kit said. "They once wore armored exosuits in which they resembled larger versions of the Sec'Tah, with the biological sensate in some sort of harness inside, and the energy parasite visible through a smoky, translucent dome on top, through which it could interact. The biological sensates are bipedal, presumably, but it is unclear how many dexterous limbs they have. We once thought four. Now, they show only two. Their armor changed after the demise of the Eldred."
"Oh, really," Alibi said. "Isn't that interesting."
"The Greater Tah were faithful to the Eldred's rule," Kit said. "Their rage for Order is a relic of the stagnant society maintained by the Eldred for a million years after the defeat of the Ancient Enemy."
"I did not realize they went back that far," Krish said.
"Oh yes," Kit said. "The Xen'Tah remember and fought against the Ancient Enemy. Towards the end of their war they became allies of The Servants, helping in their overthrow of their Masters – helping them become The Eldred. They accepted an edict from The Eldred prohibiting them from developing new bodies of armor modeled on the Ancient Enemy themselves."
"And, now that the Eldred are gone, so is their edict," Alibi said. "And their old armor."
"Just so," Kit said. "They spent centuries inhabiting their other armor. But now? Much different."
"How tall are they?" Hector asked.
"Between seven to ten feet," Kit said. "They built them larger than the Ancient Enemy, for intimidation."
"Are there any of the 'old models' still around?" Alibi asked.
"No," Kit said. "When the Eldred died out all those years ago, the Xen'Tah made a mass switch. Some said they brought a race's worth of new 'bodies' out of storage, that they had been quietly defying the Eldred for millennia, in anticipation of a future time without them."
"That's cold," Emily said.
"Orderly," Kit said. "One day there were those old Xen'Tah, the next day, the new ones. The domes were gone, replaced by human looking skulls, opaque in the back to mimic hair, translucent on the sides and front, molded to resemble human faces. Inside, the energy creature can be seen, its individual energy spectrum continually zapping around inside the crystalline matrix seen beneath each face's exterior."
"A race of giant robots," Krish said. "If it wasn't the Greater Tah, I'd say 'awesome'!"
"So why haven't we seen them yet?" Alibi asked.
"I imagine that you will, soon," Kit said. "They do not usually appear until after the Sec'Tah secure their initial promises of cooperation and order. One imagines they have revealed themselves to your Constantine, at this point."
The Dakhur finished speaking. No one had anything to say in response as they all digested this new information. After a moment's silence, Alibi picked things back up.
"Thank you, Kit," Alibi said. "That's big. We needed to know about the Xen'Tah."
"You are welcome," Kit said. "There will be war with the Greater Tah. I may be one of only a few who can see this, but it is plain to me. War is coming. That is why I am here."
"We need to know more," Alibi said to the group. "About the Xen'Tah and the Greater Tah. Know our enemies! How many Sec'Tah are embedded with SAIF forces. Where are they? Krish?"
"Yes, Alibi?"
"You still know... people, right?"
"I still have contacts out there, yes," Krish said. "Some."
"I heard you bragging to Billy Gentry about your network," Emily said. "Comparing sizes. But you didn't know about the Xen'Tah."
"Really, now," Krish said. "Well. I didn't know to ask."
"And now we know!" Alibi said. "Let's find out the disposition of the SAIF and Greater Tah forces. Ask them what they know, Krish."
"They don't work that way," Krish said. "Not exactly. They are more... grey marketeers. They bring me artifacts and such."
"Krish, you always figure out how to make stuff work," Alibi said. "I'm sure you can here. Hector, Janice, Bob, you guys keep your ears open, too."
"Will do." "Yup." "Sure thing."
"Alright," Alibi said. "That's all for now. Meeting adjourned! Krish and Emily, stick around for a minute, would you?"
The other three left. Alibi double-checked the security of the conference room on his Wand. Still good.
"I need your help on something hush-hush," Alibi said. "I have to go meet Aunt Anita and... you-know-who. For dinner. I'll be a little late. This is important. I want to make some modifications to the security systems for Aunt Anita's arboretum. Like all of this stuff, we can't be obvious about it."


Chapter Eighteen

"Well, you're not hiding anything," Anita said.
"Why should I?" Alibi said. "I feel what I feel."
You've brought our enemy within our midst. Again.
 "When he comes back from the refresher, I want you to be more polite." 
I'll be polite. But I refuse to be nice.
"I'll try."
"Shush. You will be. Here he comes."
William Gentry walked back to the square table and sat down, with Alibi and his Aunt on either side of him.
"That pot roast was damn good," Gentry said. "Best I've had out here."
"We have an actual chef in the galley," Anita said. "Does wonders with the fabricators."
"Don't tell him that," Alibi said.  "He'll try to hire them away!" 
Anita turned to him and frowned. 
"What? A joke? Trying to make a joke, here."
"Ha," Gentry said. "The thought did cross my mind. Add 'em to the Governor's staff!"
"See?" Alibi said.
"Yup, Governor William Gentry of the Depot Reaches – has a nice ring to it, don't you think?" Gentry said.
"Already letting it go to your head, Bill?" Anita chided.
"He's 'Bill'? Already?" Alibi said. "He's 'Bill'? Jeesh."
"We're all grown-ups here, aren't we, Alibi?" Gentry asked. "And, here I thought 'Governor' would push your buttons."
"William," Anita said, a stern edge in her voice that Alibi knew well. 
Oh. "William" better watch himself.
"Nita," Gentry said. He smiled at her. The man knew how to turn on the charm. She melted. Alibi was not used to his aunt being so easily manipulated. 
"Bill," she said. "What would you like for dessert?"
"Didn't you promise an apple pie?" Gentry asked.
"I did," she said. She went to the sideboard and opened the warming cupboard with the pie inside, inhaling the aroma as she reached in and brought it out. 
"Mmmm," she hummed as she carried it over.
"Your chef, again?" Gentry asked, admiring the pie as she placed it before them on the table.
"Don't even think about it, Bill," Anita said.
"I won't think, I'll just eat," Gentry said. Anita handed him a slice of pie.
"Alibi?" she asked.
"Please."
They ate their pie in awkward silence.
"That was good," Alibi said, as he finished. "May I be excused?"
"Sure," Anita said. "Go ahead."
He pushed off from the table and stood.
"Mr. Gentry," he said with a nod. "Aunt Anita." Another nod. "Have a good night." 
He walked out of the room as fast as he respectfully could.
"Goodnight, Alibi," his aunt called after him.
Better night, now.

"He hates me," Gentry said.
"That's normal," Anita said. 
"No, I'm talking above and beyond normal," Gentry said. "He held a covert meeting tonight, before dinner. Did you know that?"
"I did," she said. "Good for him."
"Good for... what the hell?"
"I told him he needed to take life more seriously," Anita said. "It sounds like he is."
"It sounds like he's plotting against me," Gentry said.
"Well, I should hope so, Bill!" Anita said. "You've gone and allied yourself with a man who'd give away the human race to those lizard people."
He frowned at her. Then he rolled his eyes, shaking his head.
"Don't remind me," Gentry said. "There was no talk of the Greater Tah from Constantine before this started."
"None?" she asked.
"No," Gentry said. "Nobody is happy about this. DeMag is the real power behind Peterson on Crankshaft. She was already a tenuous ally for Constantine. This is pushing her further away. Do you know Alexandra DeMag? You'd like her. And I don’t see the Rigel brain boys going along too long with the orderly alien overlords. I know you know them."
"The Rigel Brain Boys aren't as brainy as they used to be," Anita said. "Not since Constantine moved his people up into the power positions. He may have them. Who's this DeMag woman? I hear something in the way you say her name. Competition? Should I be worried?"
"Comp... ? Ha, no," Gentry said. "She's younger. More powerful than me."
Anita could hear him not saying something.
"And?" she prodded.
"And she likes younger men," Gentry said, cracking a grin. "Younger than her."
"Ahh," Anita said. "Truth hurts, Bill?"
"I thought you might know her, given you knew Richard Wentworth," Gentry said. "She ran in those circles."
"I do remember the name," Anita said. "But wasn't her family in competition with Wentworth?"
"Yes," Gentry said. "She made headlines when she went to work for Wentworth with her fresh MBA instead of her father. Quite the cause of friction in the family, from what I heard at the time. But she rose to COO for Wentworth, and the point became moot."
"Because she was so successful?" Anita asked.
"Because she initiated a takeover, and folded DeMag Inc. into Wentworth Holdings Ltd.," Gentry said.
"Oh. A bit ruthless."
"I guess," Gentry said. "But with Wentworth passing, or whatever he did, Alexandra DeMag is now in charge of it all."
"I still wonder about Wentworth," Anita said. "You know what I mean? His body finally died. But don't you think they've preserved his mind and consciousness, somehow? Or tried to?"
"No one knows," Gentry said. "But I've heard rumors."
She arched an eyebrow. 
"Interesting," Anita said. "So, DeMag is behind Governor 'Peterson'?"
"He answers to her before Constantine," Gentry said. 
"I see," Anita said.
"She's," he paused to find the right word. "Dangerous," Gentry said. There was admiration in his voice. "She was making noise before the expansion announcement about fielding her own candidate to oppose Constantine in the next vote. Rallying the wealthy to her side. Didn't like Constantine's 'thugs', she said. She was given control of the governorship to keep her happy. Keep her in the fold."
"Thugs? Did you take that personally, Bill?" Anita joked.
"Heh," Gentry laughed. "A little," he admitted.
"Well, it begins to make more sense, doesn’t it?" Anita said. "You've got DeMag going her own way. I heard the shipyard workers on Crankshaft were organizing and talking back to Constantine's people, too. Cat's Eye has always been independent. Maybe that man knows you all hate him, so he figured he needed the Greater Tah to back him up?"
"Still won't say his name, huh?"
"Nope."
"I don't think Constantine is that smart, Nita," Gentry said. "I think the Greater Tah showed up ready to conquer and he didn't know how to stop them. So this is what we get. This is him making the best of it."
"Really? And this is you going along?"
"For now."
"Deals with the devil have a way of getting worse and worse, don't they?" she said.
"Why do I like you?" Gentry said. "Why am I here putting up with this abuse?"
"Because, like me, you realize there are very few people left at our age as smart and as powerful, or at least formerly powerful, as we are. Few who know what that's like. We are a very small social set. God," she laughed. "I've been hungry for good, quality company for years!"
"And, also?" He said with a grin. "You are a sexy woman, Nita. Come over here."
"Say please."
"Please."


Chapter Nineteen

"Alibi, may I please come in?"
"Kit? Sure, come in, come in," Alibi said, surprised to see the Dakhur on his doorstep. "What brings you here?"
"A few things," Kit said. 
A thought struck Alibi.
He wouldn't! Would he?
"I hope you're not here to tell me you're leaving already," Alibi said. "That would be awkward, after I made you Captain of my ship and all."
Kit looked surprised, for a Dakhur.
"No," Kit said. "I cannot leave yet. It would dishonor my brother's memory. Having come this far, I am committed..."
"Oh, good," Alibi said.
"...for at least a month," Kit finished.
"Oh." Alibi forced a smile. "Okay. Well. You're welcome to stay longer if you find our collection of the lost, confused and alienated at all appealing."
"Thank you."
"If aliens are alienated, does that mean they're in their natural state?" Alibi asked. "Rhetorical question, don't answer."
"Was that humor?" Kit asked.
"Barely," Alibi said. "I've been trying very hard to be very serious. Sometimes when I'm not in public, I slip."
"Yes, I noticed your demeanor earlier," Kit said. "I was... I was impressed."
"What?" Alibi said. "Kit! Thank you! That is enormous praise, coming from you!"
"You are welcome," Kit said. "But I did not come here to praise you. There is... one more way I believe you might defeat the Greater Tah, but I did not wish to share it in public. Even a limited public. But I will tell you, Alibi Jones."
"Go on."
"You are much like the Ancient Enemy," Kit said. "And the Ancient Enemy could defeat even the Xen'Tah..."
"But?" Alibi said. "I hear an unspoken 'but' there. What aren't you saying, Kit?"
"It might not be enough," Kit said. "You might not be enough like the Ancient Enemy to defeat them. But? That is also a good thing. You do not want to be too much like them."
"No," Alibi said. "I mean, you're right, we don't want to be like them. But we do need to defeat the Greater Tah. I know you're right, Kit. There is a war coming."
"There is... something. An idea," Kit said. "That could help."
"I'm all ears," Alibi said. Kit looked at him quizzically. "A human expression," Alibi explained. "It means that I am ready to listen to you, to what you have to say. Sorry to confuse your translator."
"Not to worry," Kit said. "The idea... there is a way you might be able to... augment... some humans. Make them more like the Ancient Enemy. In a somewhat beneficial way."
Kit leaned closer.
"Do you know about the Star Seeds of the Ancient Enemy?"
"I do," Alibi said. 
"If you could find one? You could use its contents to augment your people, make them stronger, bring out their telepathic abilities – make them more like your ancestors, the Ancient Enemy. And then you could defeat the Greater Tah."
"We could? With a Star Seed? At what cost, though?" Alibi asked. "Making us more like them?"
"You would also have access to all of the knowledge of the Ancient Enemy," Kit said. "If you can find one."
"And how would we find one?" Alibi asked.
What does Kit know?
"I do not know," Kit said. "One hears of wealthy collectors seeking for and trading them, now and then. They are rare, given that the Eldred used to seek them out and destroy them. I have heard there is a lost one on Earth. The one that guided your race, which had been guarded by the Flaze and the Domo."
"I've already been looking for one on Earth. Almost found it," Alibi said. "But the Star Seed I came across on Earth was all used up."
Kit appeared surprised. It was hard to tell, for sure.
"Ah, so you know what I am talking about," Kit said. "Then my idea was not new."
"Your idea was new," Alibi told Kit. "I hadn't thought about how we could use a Star Seed. I was looking for one, for Finder. He asked for my help locating one."
"And you gave it?" Kit said. "He is not a person to be trusted, I do not believe. Certainly not with something like this."
"Well, I didn't find him one," Alibi said. "Not yet. And I've been growing unsure that I should give one to him even if I do find one. And now? If it comes down to his business versus us beating the Greater Tah? Sorry. Fuck Finder."
"My translator just said something... disturbing," Kit said.
"Sorry," Alibi said. "Human slang."
"I am sure Finder is seeking one for its monetary reward," Kit said. "Where once the Eldred hunted down the Ancient Enemy's Star Seeds, now the collectors seek them out. But, here is the thing – no one has found a real one in a very long time, certainly not in our lifetimes."
"Really?" Alibi said. "I mean, I figured they were valuable. But I didn't know no one had found one recently."
"A few fakes have surfaced," Kit said. "An eccentric Flaze claimed to have one a while back, but that collector turned out to be incorrect. It was a fake."
"Rare and valuable," Alibi said. "Makes one even easier to find! Sorry... that was sarcasm."
"Yes. I understand," Kit said. "But the money is not the issue here. You can use the Star Seeds to further alter your DNA, even now. And? Think about the knowledge. All the knowledge of the Ancient Enemy, they say. It would give the owner of one vast knowledge beyond current tech levels – priceless!"
"Finder didn't mention altering people," Alibi said. "He said humans started looking for the Star Seeds as soon as we found out we came from the stars. Made it sound scientifically interesting and valuable, but not priceless."
"Well, there is a scientific side to the Star Seeds. What did you think made up a Star Seed, Alibi Jones?"
"Hadn't thought about it that much," Alibi said. "Figured it was full of DNA, um... goo."
"Well, there is a certain amount of primordial 'goo' as you call it," Kit said. "But so much more. Including a container capable of both interstellar travel and of surviving planetary atmospheric re-entry and landing."
"So they didn't smash on contact?" Alibi asked. "Kind of thought they would, hit, smash, and break open. You know, to let out the goo?"
"Not exactly," Kit said. "Not so much goo, certainly."
"And now rich human collectors are after them."
"Are you surprised?" Kit asked. "Hunting down Star Seeds was long a tradition amongst the powerful and elite of the Eldred Empire – even as the Eldred sought to destroy them. It remains a preoccupation among the wealthy. Now that wealthy humans are mingling with the decadent rich of many races, they, too, adopt these preoccupations. It stands to follow that hunting down Star Seeds would become a thing among wealthy humans. One of whom probably hired Finder."
"If I'm the one who can find the Star Seeds, why should I find one for someone else? Some rich Solar Alliance fuck?"
"A good question," Kit said. "What will Finder say about that?"
"Fuck Finder."
"Ah, the slang again."
"Yeah, sorry."
"Do you still believe you can find a Star Seed?" Kit asked.
"Well," Alibi said, and then paused. "I do, Kit. There is a possibility there's another one on Earth."
"A second Star Seed on Earth?" Kit asked. "I did not know of this."
"You knew the Eldred tried to stop the Star Seed from developing on Earth, right?"
"Yes," Kit said. "They were not successful because they were fooled by the Flaze and the Domo, who protected you."
"That's only part of the story," Alibi said. "The Eldred did almost stop the development of the first Star Seed. But a second one hit Earth – and that one was responsible for us human beings. It got by the Eldred undetected."
"Then, the Flaze and the Domo were lucky a second hit Earth," Kit said.
"Lucky?" Alibi said. "Not at all. They knew there were two! Think about it, Kit. That's why they were there. Neither the Flaze nor the Domo were known for their selflessness. Yet they agreed to cooperate on Earth. Why do you suppose that was? There was a Star Seed in it for each of them! Or so they thought. But they never found them."
"How do you know all this?"
"When I went looking for the first Star Seed, I found one of the Ancient Enemy in a stasis field," Alibi said. "Deep underground, on Earth, where no one had been for centuries. This... being... woke up long enough to commune with me mind-to-mind, and I learned about the Star Seeds of Earth from him."
"Have you told anyone of this" Kit asked.
"Only you, so far, Kit," Alibi said. "I'm not sure who to tell – it's not something you just blurt out, or share with just anyone, you know?"
"Thank you," Kit said. "Thank you for trusting it to me." 
There was a pause between them. Kit seemed to want to say something more, so Alibi waited.
"There is another reason I have come here, now," Kit said.
"Oh, really?"
"I have been considering something my brother said before he died," Kit said. "When I pointed out that people had a tendency to die around you, he turned it back on me. He noted that people were dying around me as well, just as often, and that it was unreasonable for me to presume it was your bad luck that was causing others' misfortune."
"You've been giving this some thought," Alibi said.
"Yes, quite contemplative," Kit said. "And I have realized that I may have been too hasty to dismiss you, Alibi Jones, from my life. This was not very Dakhur-like. I am... chagrined. Rethinking. I may have been... wrong."


Chapter Twenty

Ruth caressed her growing belly. The gift of God's Love, His Power, within her – a mother once again. Like Abraham's Sarah, God blessed her late in life. It was her source of comfort, even as Hap grew stranger. His growing darkness made her doubt his Light. But she tried to keep that buried. She didn't like what he did when he read that in her thoughts.
No man had touched her. This was her miracle! And none among the Family of the Light seemed surprised – they knew she was blessed by God. Hap told them so. Hap knew this to be True.
Hap said often that God told him it was Hap's child, as well. That was fine, she supposed, but it made her nauseous. She was glad Hap felt such love and possessiveness for her baby, but she didn't much like the other implications of that possession. But she would anger Hap if he found her thinking that way. 
She hoped he was not nearby to sense her thoughts of disgust, and tried to clear her mind. To think well of him.
He was The Light! Of course, he would say the child was his, it was God's, and so it was his! She had to remember, Hap was now The Light. And so, she was also now his child. She was his daughter, in the same way. But? She was also his mother. A seeming paradox, but both remained true, for there were no paradoxes in God. 
Hap was The Light. 
"Hap is The Light," she thought. It was a good mantra. It would keep her safe from the monster. Forget the monster, remember the mantra: "Hap is The Light." 
"Hap is The Light," she repeated, rolling her mantra over again and again in her mind. She smiled. He liked her thinking this way. It made him calm, and that made him nicer to her when he visited.
"Yes, I do like it," Hap said, appearing in her room. 
He must have walked in, but it was another of those times when he suddenly just seemed to be there. It was... disturbing. She no longer liked his visits. He had been growing pushier. More demanding.
"I'm sorry to disturb you," he said. "Please, be at peace." 
How can he be The Light and yet grow... darker? 
"Shhh," he said, trying to quiet her. "Don't be upset, Ruth."
She saddened. She could see it. He was going to do it again.
"I need something deeply personal from you, once more," he said. "God wills it to be so, Ruth."
"I don't like it when you do that," Ruth said. "I don't like feeling you inside of me like that."
"Mother..."
"I don't want you inside of my head!"
Hap smiled at her. 
"I know," he said. "I'm sorry. But I need to know some things that you know."
She knew he was trying to look sympathetic, trying hard, but she could tell – he truly felt no sympathy towards her. Still, he tried to soothe her.
"God gives each of us gifts, as Saint Paul taught us," he said. "Some the gift of tongues, others the gift of interpreting those tongues. Some the gift of prophecy! To me, he has given the ability to see inside the minds of others. To sense their thoughts! A great and challenging gift!"
Hap smiled, this time for himself. Ruth saw how his pride swelled him up.
"So, you think I'm proud? Is that it?" Hap asked her.
She realized she had to guard her thoughts.
"Yes," he said. "You should."
Her son, The Light, was indeed becoming a bit of a monster.
"A monster, is it?" Hap said. "Harsh, mother. Look. It's simple. Share with me what you know about Alibi Jones, and then? I'll leave you alone."
"You know all I know," she said. "I haven't been in touch with Alibi. You've seen all of my memories of him!" She blushed. "I know you have."
"Let me see your call to him last year, one more time," Hap said. "Think back to that call..."
Ruth groaned, but did as her son asked, and remembered.
She felt like she was waking up.
Did she black out? 
"You wish I was Alibi," Hap said. It wasn't a question, he could see into her mind. 
Ruth was no longer entirely sure his Gift was from God. 
"Well, I'm not him!"
Ruth again tried to guard her thoughts.
"No, that's not it," she said. "I just wish he was here, too, so I could be with both of my boys!"
Hap grinned a joyless grin.
"No need to lie," Hap said. "I see the truth inside you, Mother. You love Alibi. But you think I'm a monster!"
"No, Hap!" she protested. She had to stop thinking!
"Give it a rest, mother," he said. "I'm trying to get him here. Working on it right now."
"Don't hurt him, Hap."
Hap didn't answer. He was gone again. How did he do that? 
Was he ever really there?
The belief of the people here in Hap and his mission seemed to be making Hap... The Light... stronger. Maybe that was God at work in him, giving Hap the gifts he needed to do His Work. As Saint Paul said, God gives each of us gifts. 
There seemed to be more people out her window than before, than when she'd first arrived. She'd been so confused! But she remembered that. How small the group was when she came to their new home. But they kept on coming after she did. Another miracle at work, no doubt.
The baby kicked in her womb, and her thoughts turned to the new life entirely.
"You will be glorious!" She told the child inside of her. All of her children were glorious. Alibi. Hap. And now, the new one within.


Chapter Twenty-One

"Hello, Finder."
Alibi was surprised to see the old man appear again at the Hornet's Nest. He granted him a private meeting, knowing full well Finder would berate him for not getting him what he desired.
"Thought I'd come back out here and see you," Finder said. "Register my displeasure in person."
"Doesn't change the fact I didn't find that Star Seed where we thought we would find it. I can't find what isn't there."
"You really looking? You have a change of heart, boy?"
"Not exactly."
"Which is it?" Finder said. "Not exactly looking? Or not exactly a change of heart?"
"Well, I've had some responsibilities to deal with here at The Hornet's Nest," Alibi said. "So, I haven't exactly been looking in the last couple of weeks. But that's not because I had a change of heart. I've just been busy."
"Busy, right."
"I'm definitely going to get back to looking," Alibi said. "Don't you worry."
"Good," Finder said. He frowned. He changed the subject. "You know – there's   a lot more people here than last time. I don't like it. I don't like any of the changes, anywhere. They've even been fucking with the beach! Closing the bar and shit. It's the Greater Tah. They want their 'Order' and it sucks, let me tell you. Fucking Constantine just caved in to them. Big time."
"The Greater Tah are a great big problem," Alibi said. "That's why it's busy here. Because they're not here. For now."
"For now," Finder said. "But, man, I'm finding those fuckers everywhere, lately. Saw them on Depot, even."
Make a mental note of that. We knew they were coming. Now? They're here.
"Damn," Alibi said. "It is oppressive."
"I know!" Finder said. "And that mob guy thinks he's Governor now! Actually, I rode over with him. Nicer than I thought he'd be. You hear a lot of stories, you know?"
"He's dating my Aunt," Alibi said, sourly.
"No shit!" Finder said, surprised. "Guess she likes the bad boys. I mean, your dad was that assassin guy, right? And she was going to marry him? I remember that shit being in the news."
"Yeah, don't remind me," Alibi said. "All the so-called adults in my life have turned out to be absolutely batshit crazy. Either killers or falling in love with killers."
"You keep waiting for people to stop acting crazy as you grow up, I know, kid," Finder said. "But then, one day, you realize, nope. This is it. This is all people are capable of. They aren't getting any saner, smarter, or any better than this. Growing older doesn't mean you actually grow up. I mean, fuck, look at me!"
"I'm starting to figure that out," Alibi said. "It's... disappointing."
"That's life," Finder said. "One big fucking disappointment after another. Like you not finding my thing."
"Back to that, huh?" Alibi said.
"Well, small talk is charming and all," Finder said. "I could tell you about some of the other passengers, I suppose. There was this germaphobic doctor, all in gloves and a facemask. I thought that was fuckin' ironic. Wouldn't let anyone get near her. What a fucking freak!"
"Doctor Shinosay?" Alibi asked.
"How the fuck should I know?" Finder said. "She wasn't friendly. She was a freak!"
"You look in the mirror lately?"
"Fuck you, kid," Finder said. But he was smiling. "Okay, that was a good one." He shook his head. "But I didn't catch her name."
"Sounds like someone I know," Alibi said. He stared at Finder. "I know a lot of freaks."
"And fuck you again, kid," Finder said.
"Why are you here, Finder?" Alibi said. "Don't you trust me?"
"Never like hearing that question," Finder said. "Thought I could trust you. I'm not sure anymore."
"Just because that first one was a bust?"
"That, and... I got a feeling," Finder said. "Like when I know someone can Find something for me. Except, I couldn't feel you trying to Find it anymore."
"Really?" Alibi said. "So, you're mad at me because of a feeling?"
"That's all I work on, kid. Feelings," Finder said.
"What can I say? Sorry?"
"Sorry?" Finder said. "That's the best you got?"
"What do you want?"
"The thing I asked you to find."
"I haven't found it."
"But you can," Finder said. "And? You will. I can feel it. So, when you do? Give it to me. I told you about it in confidence, kid. We've worked together before. Don't fuck me now."
"But I haven't asked you to find anything for me, yet," Alibi said. "Maybe that's the problem? Could it be messing up your sense of Finding?"
"You haven't asked yet, but you will," Finder said. "I feel that. There is something you need. I can't see it, though. Not yet."
"You're sure?"
"No," he said. "Yes. Usually. Can't see this time. Means you ain't reliable yet."
Finder stood up. He looked around the apartment.
"You know, this place isn't so bad," he said. "If I were to relocate somewhere. But I don't think so. No beach, you know? Gotta be a planet with a beach."
"I've heard they make those," Alibi said.
"Don't mock me, kid," Finder said. "And get me the thing."
"I am trying to find it," Alibi said.
"Looks to me like you're sitting on your ass," Finder said. He turned and walked out of the apartment.


Chapter Twenty-Two

"He had a point," Alibi said.
"You are not just sitting on your ass, Alibi," Anita said. "And I don't believe Finder is one to lecture on work habits. Judging by his character. And even if he was, why should you listen to him?"
She was a little disappointed she had to clarify this for him.
Anita noticed him looking around her place. It had been a while since he'd been in here. She smiled. Things were – finally – actually starting to grow.
"Walk with me, Alibi." 
Anita picked up her watering can and began making her circuit around the arboretum. Alibi had to follow her to keep up their conversation, as she tended to and watered her new growth around the spacious room.
"I got the A.D. Foster running again," Alibi said. "But it feels like I should be out there with them."
"I know," she said, as she puttered along.
"You know?" Alibi said.
"You'll get over it," she said. "It will just feel like you're missing out on something for a little while. It goes away."
"You're sure about that?"
"No," she said, looking up from weeding with a smile. "Your mileage may vary."
"Thanks."
"Thank you for asking," his aunt said. "I haven't seen much of you lately."
"Been busy," he said. "So have you."
"Well, then, see? You're not just sitting on your ass, are you?" she said.
"You have a point, Aunt Anita," he said.
"Maybe you're right where you need to be?"
Alibi's Wand alarm pinged, and he fished it out of his pocket. He looked at it and put it away.
"Sorry," Alibi said. "I gotta go, Aunt Anita. Good to see you." He leaned in and gave her a smooch on the cheek. Then he sprang up and ran across the dirt towards the door.
"Don't step on any plants, Alibi!" she called after him.
"I won't!" he called back.
She watched. He seemed to manage not to trample any of her fresh growth as he jogged.
Anita had seen that the message was from Krish, but she couldn't read any more of Alibi's Wand's screen from her vantage point. And neither of them were telling her anything. Not now. Not anymore.
Nothing.
Which was fine. She had her plants, after all. And Bill, now. He'd be back again soon. And? Alibi had at least come by for a visit and to ask for her opinion. That was better than nothing.
Still, the thought nagged at her. What did Krish want?

"What do you have, Krish?" Alibi asked, as he entered Krish's lab.
"Two things. First? A contact," Krish said. "From my sources. A connection we might make. To finally get you a Star Seed."
"You don't sound sure about this," Alibi said.
"Well," Krish began, then stopped. "I am not. But, I am sure that if I tell you about this connection, you will want to make it. And I am not sure that it is at all wise."
"So, you're trying to make the decision for me?" Alibi asked, a little heat in his voice.
I'm not twelve anymore, Krish. Between you and my aunt... Jeesh.
"Oh, no, Alibi," Krish protested. "I am merely trying to figure out how to tell you about it and not make it sound so... well, enticing."
"It sounds enticing?"
"Yes," Krish said, sighing. "And somewhat dangerous."
Alibi waited for more.
Oh, come on!
"And..." Alibi said, dragging out the word.
"And?" Krish said.
Alibi did his best imitation of his Aunt Anita's "Get on with it!" look.
"Tell me about it, Krish."
"There is a renegade Sec'Tah with a Star Seed who has agreed to speak to you," Krish said. "But it has to be you, and only you."
"Only me?"
"He wants to meet the Alibi Jones," Krish said.
Now, that doesn't sound suspicious at all, does it?
"Do you know why?" Alibi asked. "Why me?"
"They didn't say," Krish said. "My sources could not elaborate when I asked."
"I'm not sure I like the sound of this," Alibi said.
"It is wise to be cautious," Krish said.
"Do we have a name?" Alibi asked.
"They're called 'The Heretic'," Krish said. "They are a Sec'Tah leader who is – covertly – a fan of chaos. They keep their identity unknown."
The Heretic? That does sound good!
"Oooh," Alibi said. "Yep. Now I wanna go."
"Yes, I thought those last bits might be the enticing part," Krish said. "It may be a chance to learn more about the Sec'Tah. And maybe find out some weaknesses."
Imagine that. The Greater Tah might have some weaknesses.
"Just the fact they all might not be uniformly for order is news," Alibi said. "A crack in the armor, you know? Let's do it. See if you can set it up. Do we have a safe, secure place we can offer for the meeting? I'm sure they won't want to come here."
"No, they will not, I'm sure," Krish agreed. "Let me see if I can find a secure location. Somewhere near Hur, I think. Near to the Greater Tah, but on the Solar Alliance side."
"I'm not sure the Solar Alliance side isn't the Greater Tah's side, now, as well," Alibi said.
"You do have a point," Krish said.
"Wish I didn't," Alibi said. "So. What was the second thing?"
"Oh! Come with me!"
They left the lab. Krish led him through long-abandoned corridors out to a part of the Hornet's Nest rarely used – the secondary command center and the directional engines room. The command center was a back-up, just in case, built-in military redundancy leftover from its days as a base. The engines room didn't see much use, as the Hornet's Nest hadn't used its small directional, attitudinal engines in some time. 
This was one of the things Alibi had Krish looking into.
Maybe Krish has those directional engines working.
"I have been up here a bunch lately," Krish said. "I think it is the first human habitation this area has seen in some time. It feels... empty."
"No one comes up here," Alibi said.
"Well, I do, now," Krish said. "But this isn't what I want to show you, come with me down this corridor!" 
He led Alibi out of the engine room.
He sounds excited. What's up?
The corridor ended in a blank wall, a steel plate.
"That's a dead end," Alibi said.
"Yes, I thought so too," Krish said. "But this bulkhead moves. See? Slider."
Krish punched a control on the wall. The bulkhead plate moved out of the way to the right, exposing darkness ahead.
"No way!" Alibi said, shocked. "This isn't on the plans!"
"It's not on the station's finished plans, no," Krish said. "This part was never completed. Although it is pressurized. I asked Emily to do some digging, and she discovered that this section is on the base's preliminary plans. Come!"
Krish stepped past the bulkhead. The lights came up, and Krish marched ahead down the continuing corridor. Alibi found himself jogging a little to follow. 
"Up here on the left is an entire second power plant. Evidently finished early on, but rarely used," Krish said, pointing and playing ersatz tour guide. "My guess is they built both of the station's power plants at the same time. I was able to bring it back to life, which is why we have lights and air in here now."
"A second power plant?"
"Oh, that's not all," Krish said. "You see, they needed the second power plant for the engines."
"Really?" Alibi said. "They built all of this just for our directional engine system?"
"Not exactly," Krish said. "There is more to show you. Come, Alibi, over here."
Krish led him into a room on the right. As the lights came on, Alibi saw it was another engine room. Two of the walls were covered in controls and monitors. The other two walls were transparent, impenetrable darkness on the other side.
"Another engine room," Alibi said.
"For the other engines," Krish said. 
"The other engines? What other engines?"
"The main engines," Krish said. "And the Transpace Drive."
"What?!"
"They built these rooms, but... they never finished building the engines themselves," Krish said. 
He walked over to a panel next to the door and hit a control.
The lights came up on the other side of the transparent walls, revealing a giant, empty space carved from the asteroid rock. A space where four giant engines could sit and – once the outer wall was removed – blast the Hornet's Nest through space.
"They were going to make it mobile?" Alibi said. "The Hornet's Nest was supposed to be a fully mobile base?"
"They tried to," Krish said. "But, as you see, they gave up. I would suspect budget cuts. Because I always do. But they blamed it on the density of the surrounding asteroid field. Said it was too great a risk to move. That was something else Emily's research turned up."
"Did I just hear my name?" Emily asked, as she walked into the second engine room.
"You did," Krish said. "I was filling Alibi in on why they didn't finish these engines. Talking about your research."
Alibi turned to Emily.
"I had no idea this was here!"
"No one did," Emily said. "They must have been embarrassed about it. Or someone was covering their ass with the brass. Conveniently disappeared from the records after they abandoned it."
"Well, you know what this means?" Alibi said.
"More living space to adapt with less drilling and excavating?" Emily said.
"Nah, plenty of other space here for that," Alibi said. "We have to build these engines! Make the Hornet's Nest mobile!"
"Did you not hear the part about asteroid density?" Krish asked.
"You know how it can be flying into here, into the base," Emily said. "Imagine trying to pilot this through that!"
"I am," Alibi said. He daydreamed. "It's pretty damn cool."
"You think you could do it," Emily said, doubt dripping from her words.
"Gotta be a way," Alibi said.
"Does that mean you want to pursue this?" Emily said.
"Absolutely," Alibi said. "Actually, I want you and Krish to pursue it. I'm glad to see you two working together."
"She seemed like the logical person to go to," Krish said, almost apologetically.
"She's smarter than all of us," Alibi said, cracking a smile at Emily.
"God, you are a horrible suck-up, Alibi," Emily said. "You know that don't you?"
"Oh yeah," Alibi said.
"Flattery will get you everywhere," Krish observed.
"And that's why you, oh brilliant one, are perfect to handle this project," Alibi said with a flourish.
"You are correct, Emily," Krish said. "He is a horrible suck-up."
'Yup," she agreed.
"So you're on it, then," Alibi said. "Great."
Krish and Emily sighed in unison. Krish looked at her.
"Jinx," he said.
"Really?" She frowned.


Chapter Twenty-Three

"Thank you for coming, Alibi Jones," Kit said, welcoming him into his apartments. "Please have a seat. Would you like some water?"
"Yes, thank you, Kit," Alibi said. He made his way inside and sat down.
Something is up. This is not normal behavior from Kit.
Kit returned with a glass of water. 
He looks nervous. I think. Still hard to read Dakhur.
"There is someone here to see you," Kit said. "They did not want to be seen in public."
Kit turned and called back toward the rear of the apartment. 
"You can come out now!"
Katie walked out of the shadows of the back hallway.
"Hey, Alibi," she said. "How are you?"
"Katie!"
Alibi tried to recover from his shock and surprise, to say something more. He realized he'd stood up.
"Wha... how did... why... what brings you here?" he finally managed. She brought up such a knotted mess of tangled emotions. Part of him still loved her.
Holy shit. Katie.
"You okay?" he said, when she didn't answer. "How's your leg?"
"It's fine," she said. "My Rhoday took care of it."
"Your Rhoday?" he asked.
She held out her hands and Alibi saw she had bands of the Rhoday substance wrapped around both of her lower arms.
"They saved my life in that battle of yours last year," she said. "Now, we have an understanding."
"You're in control," he said.
"Oh yeah," she said. "I just bring a little with me." She held up her arms, showing off the bands. "The rest surrounds my ship. That's why I didn't bring the ship into the bays. Best to use an airlock. So, control. Yes. And I don't plan on letting it challenge me."
"Good," he said. "I know they can. Good."
She frowned.
"Don't get weird on me, Alibi," Katie said. "I don't want to regret coming here. This isn't a social call."
"It's not?" Alibi said. "I mean, fine, of course not. But, then... what brings you to the Hornet's Nest?"
"A warning," she said. "Someone wants you kidnapped."
Alibi's eyes grew wide.
"They tried to hire me to do it," she said. "The good news is, I'm a cheap bounty hunter because I'm new. They tried to hire me, so they don't have a ton of money. But someone might take the contract. And I thought you needed to know." She plowed through the information, dumping it on him. "It, um, took me a while to decide to tell you. He may have hired someone by now."
"Wait, wait a second," Alibi said. "That's a lot to take in. Who wants me kidnapped?"
"A guy who calls himself The Light," she said. "Real name is Happiness Kim. Leads a religious cult on Fortuna. You know him?"
"Maybe," Alibi said. "With that last name? It's possible he's related."
My half-brother?
"Really?" She said. "Related?"
"It's a guess," Alibi said. "My biological mother's last name is Kim. And she's living with a religious cult now on some planet. She could have had other kids, cousins, nieces, nephews, I wouldn't know. But... that sounds so close... too close to be coincidence, right?"
"Maybe," Katie said. "Well." She looked around the room, clearly uncomfortable. "I have to go. Just wanted to let you know, Alibi."
"Thank you, Katie."
She nodded at him.
"Thanks, Kit," she said. She looked around the room again, then made for the door. "See you guys later."
Alibi looked over at Kit as the door closed behind Katie. Alibi rolled his eyes.
"She does not like anyone to be happy to see her," Kit said.
"Especially me," Alibi said.
"Yes, that is accurate," Kit said. "So. Someone wants to kidnap you?"
"Apparently so," Alibi said. "And I got a flash that it's my half-brother. I don't know why I know that. But it feels right."
It's almost like I felt him, for a second.


Chapter Twenty-Four

"Good morning."
"Happiness," Ruth answered, as he walked into her room. 
Her son looked away, as if listening for something he'd heard a trace of on the wind. Distracted. Which could be a good thing. It kept him from reading her thoughts and growing angry.
He shook his head, and then focused on her, as if finally noticing again she was there in her bed.
"I believe Alibi Jones was just thinking about me," Hap said. "I could feel it."
"Is that why you've come to see me?" Ruth asked.
"No... that just... I... I wanted to see how you were doing," Hap said.
"It isn't easy, at my age," she said. "But when the Lord sends a miracle, it's best one doesn't complain, I suppose."
Hap came up to his mother's bed and placed his hands on her bulging abdomen.
"Have you felt him kick again?" he asked.
"Not since yesterday," Ruth said. She didn't like the way Hap looked at her belly. And his hands on her felt... wrong. She changed the subject. "Who are these people you've been seeing? I've seen the ships coming in. And some evil looking characters walking around. I don't like it."
"Don't you worry about them, mother," he said. "I'm interviewing people for a job. Off world. Nothing to do with us here. Don't you worry."
"This has something to do with Alibi, doesn't it?"
"Why do you ask?"
"You said you were trying to get him here," she said. "And those people look like they could be bounty hunters. Or worse."
"Well, it turns out I can't afford to have him killed, if that's your concern," he said, staring at her. She could feel him inside of her mind. "Ah. Yes. I see that was part of it. No. I can barely afford to have him kidnapped and brought here, sobering thing, really."
"Please don't hurt him, Hap," she said.
"You always say that," he said. "You love him. But you're afraid of me! Don't say it's not true, I know, I can see it inside of you!"
He glared down at her. It felt as though he were somehow squeezing her brain.
"Please, stop that," she said. "My head hurts. I can feel that."
"Good," he said, his eyes boring into her skull. 
"Please, stop!"
He closed his eyes and the pain eased. 
He shook his head. "I'm... I'm sorry. I didn't..."
Hap looked at her the way he used to when he was five or six years old, and had done something wrong.
"I'm sorry," he said, and turned away, seemingly embarrassed. He ran from the room.


Chapter Twenty-Five

"I still think this is a very bad idea," Krish said, standing with Alibi in the Hornet's Nest port. One of Krish's contacts was supposed to meet them with tickets and a travel plan.
"Probably," Alibi said. "Know your enemy though, huh? This is my first chance to meet a Sec'Tah, Krish. Even if it is a 'Heretic'."
"I do not like the way you say that name," Krish said. "You invest entirely too much adventure into it."
"The Adventures of Alibi Jones... and the Her-ah-TICK!" Alibi announced with over-emphasis, as if promoting a movie. "Dun-dun-dah!" 
"You need to be very careful," Krish said.
"Careful of what?" Emily said, walking up and overhearing Krish's last sentence.
"A Sec'Tah they call 'The Heretic' who wants to see me," Alibi said. "Guess he's into chaos."
"Thus he's 'The Heretic', I get it," she said. "Why does he... um, it, want to see you?" 
"About a Star Seed? I think? Um, I don't know," Alibi said, looking over to Krish for help.
"We don't know for sure," Krish admitted. "But they said it was about a Star Seed."
"Sounds promising," she said, heavy sarcasm in her tone. "Why are you going?"
"Know your enemy, right?" Alibi said. "I wanna try to get to know the Sec'Tah better."
"Oh," she said. "I get it. You think he has a cool name and you're curious."
"Well, that too," he admitted.
"Have you seen Kit?" Emily asked.
"Not recently," Alibi said.
"We've got a cargo run," she explained. "He may already be on board the Foster. God, it's busy down here."
"It's, like, nonstop these days," Alibi said. "Do we need to assign more security?"
"I think we're good, for now," Emily said. "We're covering everyone who comes in, so far. But I'll take a look at it when I get back."
"Thanks," Alibi said. "We have to be careful about not letting the wrong type of people in here." 
"Am I the wrong type? Or right?"
Alibi turned to see who the new voice belonged to. It took him a second for the woman's features to register, out of context. 
Laurel Eden?
"Laurel! I didn't expect to see you here," Alibi said. "What a surprise! Welcome to the Hornet's Nest!"
"Thank you, Alibi Jones," she said. "Nice place you've got here."
"Thanks!" Alibi said. He paused, not sure what to do for a second. "Uh, do you remember Emily? Emily Brown, Laurel Eden."
"Nice to meet you," Laurel said.
"We've met before," Emily said, cold. "On Argentium."
"Oh yes, sure," Laurel said, apathetic. "Nice to meet you again."
"And this is Krish," Alibi said.
"Pleasure," she said, extending her hand. Krish shook it.
"Good to meet you, Laurel," Krish said.
"What brings you out here?" Alibi asked.
"Looking for a change, mostly," Laurel said. "Had a run of bad luck."
"Oh," Alibi said. "Sorry to hear."
"Oh, you don't wanna hear," she said. "Relationship fizzled out. My boyfriend left me. For an older woman! And then my crew resigned."
"What?"
"Yeah," she said. "They were Dakhur. Most of them wanted to get back to check on and be with their families on Hur. Can't say as I blame them."
"That sucks," Alibi said.
"Most unfortunate," Krish said.
"Yeah," Emily said
"Well, you're welcome here," Alibi said.
"Thank you!" She leaned in and gave Alibi a friendly peck on the cheek. "I promise, I won't be any trouble." She began walking away but called back over her shoulder. "Be so quiet you won't even notice me!"
She waved and walked off.
"Oh, I don't know about that," Emily said.
"What?" Alibi asked.
"Seems like you can't help but notice Ms. Shapely Butt," Emily said with a smirk.
"That again?" Alibi protested.
"What? You were just staring as she walked away!" Emily said. "C'mon, Krish. Back me up here."
"Oh, yes, Emily," Krish said.  "I will back you up. She does indeed have a shapely behind section. Much like an upside-down heart-sha... Ouch!" Emily hit Krish in the arm to make him stop. 
Alibi appreciated the way the two of them were getting along.
Krish pulled out his Wand, chirping with a notification. He read it.
"I need to go find our friend," Krish said. "He doesn't like all the people out here, wants me to meet him in private. I'll go see what he wants."
"Be careful, Krish," Alibi said.
"I will be! Back soon!" Krish walked off through the crowd towards the private landing bays.
"Have you noticed the difference?" Emily asked.
"Difference in what?" Alibi wondered.
"In who's arriving," Emily said. "There are more ordinary people showing up, now. Not so much intrepid adventurers as just plain refugees."
Alibi looked. Another passenger transport ship had arrived from Ceres Central a short time ago. Its people were spilling out into the main open space of the Hornet's Nest port. 
"You see?" Emily said. "There are a couple of families. Kids. Business people. A priest. Look, someone with a guitar case. Even musicians are on the move."
"Cool," Alibi said. "We could use some music around here."
"That could be nice," Emily said.
"You volunteering to be Entertainment Coordinator now?" he asked.
She smirked.
His Wand began buzzing in his pocket.
"'Scuse me a sec," he said. He pulled out the Wand and answered a call from Krish. "What's up?"
"He doesn't want to go out there to see you," Krish said. "Would you mind coming down here to bay 32?"
"Sure," Alibi said with a sigh. "See you in a minute." He turned back to Emily. "Gotta go see him, I guess." 
"Well, good luck with that," she said. "And be careful. I've gotta get on board the Foster."
Emily walked out of the port reception area towards the Foster. 
Alibi made his way down to bay Thirty-two. Krish was waiting with a dark-haired, pasty-faced man in a plain brown, one-piece flight suit. 
"Hello, Alibi," Krish said. "This is Goola. He will take you to see The Heretic."
"Hello, Goola," Alibi said, extending his hand. 
Goola looked at it, turned away.
"Follow me," Goola said.
"I thought it was tickets and a flight plan," Alibi said.
"Plan is you ride with me," Goola said, stopping and looking over his shoulder. "You coming?"
"With you? Now?" Alibi said. He looked at Krish for some kind of confirmation.
Krish shrugged.
"Great," Alibi said. "I can't leave here right now. That wasn't the plan."
Goola turned back slightly.
"Okay," Goola said. "You don't wanna see the Heretic, that's fine."
"No, no, I want to go," Alibi said. "I just... I can't. Not right now."
"Have it your way," Goola said. He turned again and headed back toward the front of his ship.
"You said, 'tickets and itinerary'," Alibi said to Krish. "Not, 'leave right away'."
"I merely passed along what I was told, Alibi," Krish said. "I am sorry he was not accurate in what he said."
Alibi fumed but knew he couldn't get mad at Krish. It wasn't his fault. It wasn't Krish's fault Alibi didn't have anyone he could trust to leave in charge of the Hornet's Nest while he took off to see the Heretic, either. 
Before? He would have let his Aunt Anita know he was leaving, and just let her take charge. Assuming she'd wanted to. But that was no longer the case. She'd made that clear. And her current choice of companions compromised the trust between them.
He knew he could trust Emily. He had for a long time. She was his business manager. But she was taking off with Kit and the A.D. Foster right now. 
He trusted Krish. The old scientist had forgiven Alibi small breaches of trust in the past as "youthful indiscretions". Alibi trusted Krish with his life. But he couldn't see the man in charge of the Hornet's Nest. 
It wasn't Krish's skillset. And Alibi didn't want him overwhelmed.
But? I suppose I should ask.
"Don't suppose you'd want to run the place while I'm gone?" Alibi said.
The color drained from Krish's shocked face. 
"Well, eh, thank you, er, Alibi, um," Krish stammered in reply.
"I'm joking, Krish," Alibi said. "Don't look so worried!" Alibi smiled.
Asked and answered.
"But you see my problem," Alibi said. "I can't just leave anymore. There are too many people here now."
"Yes, I can see that," Krish said. "I don't suppose your Aunt... well, no. Not as things currently stand, I can also see that. Sorry."
"And Emily and Kit are out on a run right now," Alibi said. "I'm stuck here."
"Indeed," Krish said. He grew thoughtful. "Maybe you need a structure. More of a hierarchy."
"Or less of one," Alibi countered. "When you think about it? There's no real reason I should be in charge, Krish. I was the captain of the A.D. Foster – this base began as an extension of that. But what right do I have to keep telling everyone what to do?"
"Because they listen to you," Krish said. "Like it or not, Alibi, you are a natural leader. People do follow you."
"But... why?"
Krish answered Alibi's question with his own.
"Why not?"


Chapter Twenty-Six 

Structure.
I'm not a big fan of structure. S'pose that's why I'm not a fan of the Greater Tah. They are big fans of Structure... Order... Discipline, and all. So, I usually just say no to Structure. Except when, paradoxically, greater structure gives me greater freedom.
Alibi looked at the eight people gathered in the main Hornet's Nest conference room. Five of them were now his old friends: Emily Brown, his Business Manager; Kit, new Captain of the A.D. Foster; Krish – Doctor Krishnavurti, family friend and brilliant scientist; Hector Ruiz, Captain of the Librecampista and owner of that ship and the Librecampista II; and Bob Bond, Captain of the latter. 
The other three were relative newcomers. Gardener Davison had risen quickly through the ranks of the construction workers who had gravitated to the Nest early on, as word of work spread. Grizzly Yakamoto had grown to be trusted by Alibi and Emily with Security. And Laurel Eden, Captain of the Goldenrod, was on the base currently looking to hire a new crew for her ship. 
Laurel Eden was a bit of a gamble, Alibi admitted to himself. He was mostly going on instinct in allowing her into his inner circle. But, she had been kind to him when she didn't have to be. Even a little flirtatious. Not that he thought she was interested in him for a deeper relationship – though the idea she might be interested had crossed his mind, he couldn't lie.
An older woman.
But. That's not why she's here.
"Thank you all for coming," Alibi said. "For those of you who don't know why we're here, let me state it plainly; I wanted to gather some people I trust together to lead the government of this place we're all calling home."
Emily and Krish smiled. Davison and Yakamoto both looked genuinely surprised and exchanged stunned glances. Hector grinned, but Bob Bond remained as emotionless as ever. Kit... looked like Kit. Laurel frowned.
"However, the usually level-headed and always perceptive Ms. Brown," Alibi paused and nodded to Emily, "Informs me that to form a government here, while the Solar Alliance is claiming to exercise governance over us, would be an act of Treason and Secession. So, we're going to wait on that."
The newcomers appeared relieved. 
"What we are going to do is give ourselves some structure. Create a little bit of a hierarchy. Kind of a chain-of-command, except I hate the words 'chain' and 'command' which just leaves -of- and that doesn't really describe anything."
All eight looked puzzled and confused.
"Sorry," Alibi said. "I digress. We're creating a command slash management structure. We need back-ups and second-in-commands, staffs and such. You're all here today because I think you can be part of that initial structure."
Laurel Eden stood up. 
"I'm sorry," she said. "But, no." She shook her head, and looked Alibi in the eyes with a pained expression in hers. "I don't do organizations, clubs, governments... I'm not a big people person. Or a joiner."
"That's okay," Alibi said. "You don't..."
"Thanks, um," she said, interrupting. "I appreciate you including me. I just... I don't know how long I'm going to be here, anyway. But... thanks. Thank you."
She left the table, walking toward the door and out of the room as quickly as she could without running.
Can't say as I blame her... 
Wish I could run out, too.
"Not It!"
"Anyone else want out?" Alibi said. 
He glanced around the table and liked what he saw – eyes looking back, curious as to what he was planning. No one else made a move for the door.
"Good," he said. "And thank you." He looked at the door. "I mean, I get that, too. There's a part of me wants to run right out after her." He smiled.
Davison, Krish, Ruiz and Yakamoto nodded. Bob remained poker faced as usual, and there was no reading Kit's Dakhur expression under his fur. Emily glared back at him, and mouthed the words, "run right out after her." Alibi couldn't hear her but read her lips easily enough. "Ms. shapely butt," she mouthed.
"Responsibility isn't for everyone," Alibi said, staring back at Emily a little longer than necessary. "And I'm not the biggest fan of it myself, is all I'm saying. But circumstances have led to me running this place, and I take that seriously."
"I hope so," Emily said. This time out loud.
"I think everyone here knows each other, though Ms. Davison and Mr. Yakamoto, as the newest members of this kind of already existing informal core group, please, introduce yourselves to anybody you don't know well, okay?"
"Grizz," Yakamoto said. "I go by Grizz, for short."
"Grizz," Emily said. "Interesting name. Where'd that come from?"
"Baseball," Grizz said. "I used to play baseball back on Earth."
"Professionally?" Bob piped up.
Guess he's a baseball fan, who knew?
"Yeah," Grizz said, "For a while, anyway. Injuries kinda cut things short. And the Greater Tah made everything kinda suck back on Earth. Even baseball." 
"I didn't know you were a ballplayer," Bob said.
"Yup, more than just a Security guy, heh," Grizz said, and chuckled a little.
"I was named for my grandmother," Davison said, interjecting.
"Her name was Gardener?" Hector asked.
"No," Davison said. "Hannah. But she was a gardener. She was a little disappointed I went into construction, to be honest."
I'm not sure how... never mind.
Everyone else looked a little confused as well.
"Well," Alibi broke the brief awkward silence, "Welcome to the both of you, Grizz and Gardener."
"I prefer Davison," she said. "If you guys don't mind."
"Sure, not a problem, Davison, "Alibi said.
We all have our quirks.
"So, this isn't a 'government council', it's a management council," Alibi said. "You'll help me manage the base."
"About that – I don't think we should call it a base anymore," Hector said. "If we're not 'governing' so as to be less of a threat, then why call our home a 'base' and make it sound like a military outpost?"
"Because it was one, once?" Bob Bond offered. "It's not like we're changing its name into a base. Besides, what would you call it? A station? That doesn't sound right. This is a small planetoid."
"Just drop the 'base'," Emily suggested. "Everybody just calls it The Hornet's Nest, anyway, don't they? If you need to call it something for short? Why not, 'The Nest'? I bet we could get people saying that."
"Yes," Krish agreed. "I could hear that catching on."
Alibi looked around and saw general agreement.
"So, you'll help manage The Nest," Alibi said. "Agreed?"
"Sounds good." "Agreed." "Sure." The answers came in chorus.
"Great!" Alibi smiled. Then he frowned as he remembered what he had to do next.
"Much as I hate to say it," he said. "We need titles. And second-in-commands. We need structure. Hierarchy. Things I've never been a fan of, but... maybe we can do them better here."
"Right," Emily said, only half-sarcastic.
"Right," Alibi said, "My second-in-command."
"What?" Emily seemed legitimately surprised. 
Nobody else was.
"Obviously," said Krish, bringing the point home as the others nodded.
"You'll be our Chief Financial Officer. And my second-in-command: Ms. Emily Brown."
"Okay," she said, silenced a little by the shock. 
"Find a good second," Alibi said, "And train them up. Deputy Chief Financial Officer."
"My choice?" Emily asked.
"You should make it subject to Council approval," Hector said. "To set a precedent."
Emily looked a little taken aback, maybe even hurt, so Hector pressed on to explain.
"We're all friends here, Emily," Hector said. "And? Personally? I won't be able to judge your choice better than you will. I know that, just from knowing you." He paused.
"Thank you," Emily said.
Hector jumped right back in. "But. We need to set precedents for the future, too. Right now," Hector said. "For when this Council isn't all friends with the best intentions. So, the Chief picks her Deputy, subject to approval by the Council, seems like a good precedent."
"Advise and consent," Bob Bond said. 
"What?" Hector asked, quick on the pickup.
"The Council should advise and consent on it," Bob said. He nodded at Alibi. "Then the Director, or Manager, or whatever you're called, should approve."
"That sounds like a government appointment," Grizz said.
"As Hector mentioned, it is important to set precedent," Bob said. "Gives you something to lean back on later."
"I like it," Alibi said, cutting off discussion. He cleared his throat and tried to sound officious. "Deputy appointments will be by department heads, subject to council advise and consent and the Director's approval."
"Sounds good," Emily said. "So. What does everyone else get to do?"
"Krish will head up our science department," Alibi said. "Chief Scientist. Because Chief Science Officer sounds militaristic, right?"
"I suppose," Krish said.
"And, like Emily, you'll choose a Deputy and bring them to us," Alibi said.
"Yes!" Krish said. "I think I know who that will be. But I must give it some thought."
"Grizz, you are Head of Security," Alibi said. "Congratulations!" 
"Cool," Grizz said. "I mean, I kind of figured that? But I'm glad that's it. Thanks, Alibi. Good to be on your team."
"Good to have you. Davison? You're Head of Physical Plant and Public Works," Alibi told her. "We need someone to keep the Hornet's Nest running smoothly. You up to the task?"
"I don't know, sir. I mean, Alibi," she said. "I don't know about running things."
"You run our construction crews now," Alibi pointed out. "This isn't going to be that different."
"Can I pick a Deputy who can help me with that?" Davison asked.
"Sure," Alibi said. "That's a great idea. It's good to have someone backing you up who has different skills they can apply."
"Uh-huh," Davison said. "Wow. It's a little overwhelming. But, thank you! Thank you, Alibi."
"Bob?" Alibi said, turning to Bob. "I'd like you to run the landing bays. The Hornet Nest Port Authority. You're in charge."
"Do I have to?" Bob cracked. "Whatever. What's my title?"
"Executive Director, Hornet's Nest Port Authority," Alibi said.
"Did you just make that up?" Bob asked.
"The title?" Alibi asked, with faux innocence. "Maybe."
"He knew what he wanted you to do," Emily said.
"And what do you want me to do, eh, Alibi?" Hector asked. "We're down to me and Kit."
"You are gonna love this, Hector," Alibi said. "Do you remember how we met?"
Hector had to think for a moment.
"Oh yeah. Collecting for Gentry. But that was just my penance for missing an appointment."
"I remember. You are my Ambassador!" Alibi said. "Or Trade Representative. Something like that. You can't be a diplomat because we're not a government. Yet."
"Trade Representative sounds good," Hector said. 
"My guess is you'll be dealing with Gentry for the Solar Alliance," Alibi said. "Better you than me."
"But isn't that what you used to do?" Emily said. 
"I don't want to have to talk to Gentry." Alibi said.
"Gotcha."
"Last but certainly not least, Kit. Thank you for being here."
"You are welcome, Alibi. I would rather be here than under the heel of The Greater Tah on Dakhur. Thank you for having me. What would you have me do?"
"Actually, both you and Bob were my hardest decisions," Alibi said. "Because I know you could run the port, too, Kit. And Bob could certainly head up our fleet."
"Our 'fleet'?" Kit asked.
"I want you to be in charge of our ships, Kit," Alibi said. "The A.D. Foster for sure. Hector and Bob might want you to take charge of theirs, partially, to help free up them for their duties. I'd hoped Laurel Eden would be in on this – she was going to be a trade rep, too, think she would have liked it... but there would have been her ship, too. And we're going to get more."
"We are?" Hector asked.
"Oh yeah," Alibi said. "Whether we like it or not, we've got people moving in here, more and more each day. We have to be able to protect them. Or at least try to. So, Kit, I'll need you to research less expensive, small, flexible fighters we can use for protection. And let me know what other ships we might need."
"Admiral Kit?" Krish said.
"Please, no," Kit said.
"Head of External Security," Alibi said. "Grizz watches our insides, Kit watches our outsides."
"I will begin researching possible defense ships immediately," Kit said.
"And think about who'd make a good Deputy for you, too," Alibi said. He turned to look at the rest of the group. "All of you – be sure you're thinking about who'd make a good second."
The group took Alibi's tone as a hopeful cue the meeting was nearly over and began shifting restlessly in their seats.
There's good energy here – they're excited by these ideas. Good!
Let's hope this doesn't kill it.
"Okay, last thing," Alibi said. "Meetings."
"Saved the worst for last, eh," Hector said. 
"Hey, this one hasn't been too bad, has it?" Alibi asked rhetorically. "We'll hold an in-person Council Meeting like this once a month. First Tuesday of the month at 9am Nest Standard Time. Every other Tuesday at that time we'll meet virtually and here, depending on where we all are."
"Tuesdays at nine a.m., got it," Davison said, putting it in her schedule.
"And each of you please reach out to me to set up a weekly one-on-one meeting time, too, okay?" Alibi said. "I want us all to be touching base often. Doesn't have to wait until we're meeting. You got something, tell me."
"Sounds good," Grizz said. "Open communication. I like it."
"Davison, I want you and your crews to create a new government center, a suite of offices, one for each of us and our deputies, in one of the new corridors you're opening up."
"That will make us fall behind schedule on new residences," Davison worried.
"You're in charge now, Davison," Alibi said. "If you need more people to do it, you can hire them."
Emily cleared her throat.
"Well, after checking with the Chief Financial Officer to be sure we have the budget for it," Alibi said. "I'm sure you can hire them temporarily for additional people power now."
"Okay," Davison said. "I'm not used to that."
"This is all new to all of us," Alibi said. "There's no way you could be used to it."
"This is a lot to digest," Grizz said. "Um... are we done for now? 'Cause I suddenly feel like I have a shit ton of things to do."
"Sure, main meeting is over," Alibi said. "Davison and Grizz, you can go. Thank you for joining the team!"
"A shit ton," Davison said. "Never heard that expression before." She rose from the table as Grizz got up.
"It's old-fashioned, my grandad used to say it a lot," Grizz said. "Guess I picked it up from him. Been saying it so long I don't think about it." He and Davison headed for the door.
"I like it!" Davison said. "Shit ton!"
"Works, huh?" Grizz said. He laughed.
"Well, now I feel like I have a shit ton to do, too," she said, as the two of them left the conference room.


Chapter Twenty-Seven

"End recording," Alibi said.
"You were recording?" Hector said.
"For posterity," Alibi said. "The founding of the Hornets' Nest Company. Or something like that."
"And you're turning it off?" Emily said.
"Yup," Alibi said. "That looked pretty good, didn't it?"
"You mean that was not for real," Kit asked, confused.
"No!" Alibi said. "I mean... Yes, it was for real! I just..." he paused. He looked Kit directly in the eyes. "We just need to do more."
"More?" Kit asked.
Alibi looked over at Bob Bond, then back to Kit.
"Bob gets it," Alibi said. "We're really starting our own government. Thank you for the suggestion on advise and consent, by the way, Bob."
"You're welcome," Bob said. "Kinda figured this was what we were doing."
"I don't want this part recorded," Alibi said. "And Davison and Grizz don't need to know, or at least not yet."
"So, we're doing this?" Hector said. "We're really pulling away from the Solar Alliance?"
"I'd say they pulled away from us," Alibi said. "But, yeah. Not that we'll admit, at first. Publicly, we will maintain this corporate status. You know, I guess we should call it The Hornet's Nest Company. Like they've done for other colonies."
"Sounds legit," Hector said.
"Bob, this impacts you the most at first," Alibi said.
"Why me?"
"Because we need two different sets of ship's bays," Emily said, figuring out where Alibi was going. "Civilian and military."
He raised an eyebrow as he looked her way.
"Precisely," Alibi said. 
Wow. She's smart.
"Makes sense," Bob said. 
"You got any more secrets you need to lay on us?" Hector asked. "Because I need to go figure out what my life is gonna look like now that you're fucking it all up."
"To lay on you?" Alibi said. "Nope. You and Bob can go."
Hector and Bob glanced at each other, then back at Alibi.
"Aw," Hector said. "Sounds like more secrets, but not for us, huh?"
"Not yet," Alibi said. "Unless you want more shit to deal with?'
"Nah, I'm good for now," Hector said. "Gotta prep for fronting for our new concern here."
"Secrets are never good," Bob said, standing up. "They never stay secret."
Hector arose as well and edged past Bob toward the door.
"True enough," Alibi said. "And this won't stay secret. You know, you can stay if you want to."
Hector stepped toward the door, and Bob quickened his step to follow.
"Not yet," Hector said. "I can wait."
"Plausible deniability suits me," Bob said. "Secrets or not. See you later, then."
The two made their way out of the conference room.
Alibi glanced from Krish to Emily to Kit. The core he could trust, implicitly.
"It's about the Star Seeds," Alibi said.
Kit nodded. Emily frowned.
"Oh, Jeesh," Emily said. "This again? I thought it was something more serious, about the Hornet's Nest.  Not some treasure Finder has you going after."
"Krish, you going to pile on?" Alibi said.
"No, Alibi," Krish said. "If I didn't take the Star Seeds seriously, I wouldn't have been helping you track one down."
"You've been helping him?" Emily asked. "Great."
"Why is that such a problem?" Krish responded.
"Because I'm beginning to think all of this," she gestured at the conference room surroundings, "Is just a ruse to put me in charge while he traipses off after some stupid trophy."
"Wow," Alibi said, an edge in his voice. "Don't know if there's any room for the rest of us in here with that ego of yours swelling up like that."
"Oh!" Emily reddened. She was getting mad. "I'm not the one whose ego always runs amok – who never thinks about the consequences! To anyone!"
"Please, Emily," Krish implored. "Alibi. Calm down."
Kit remained silent and calm, glancing from Alibi to Emily as they each glared at the other. Krish shook his head.
"I'm trying to be more responsible here!" Alibi said. "So, yeah! If I go after the Star Seed, you will be in charge here. But undermining everything by calling it a ruse – really?"
"What?" Emily said. "You'd prefer 'smoke and mirrors' or something more elegant, that it?"
"Oh, stop it," Alibi said. "You know we need a government here. You know I did a good thing. Give me a little credit, huh?"
"Very little," she said. "And only conditionally."
"We may be very close to actually finding a Star Seed," Krish said. "But those in possession of it want to speak directly with Alibi. He must go."
"See?" Alibi said.
"It sounds like a trap," Kit observed.
"Probably," Alibi said.
"Stupid," Emily said. "Undoubtedly."
"Look," Alibi said, focused on Emily. "This isn't about Finder. Not anymore."
"No?" Emily remained skeptical.
"No," Alibi said. "And even he was beginning to suspect that the last time he came here after it."
"Suspect what?" she asked.
"That I don't plan on giving him the Star Seed," Alibi said. "Matter of fact, one of the reasons I now want to find it for myself is to keep it out of his hands. Or, more precisely, out of the hands of whoever it is that has hired him to Find one."
"One of the reasons?" Emily said. "Go on."
"They are surprisingly powerful," Alibi said. "I knew that they were capable of altering the DNA of species over time to resemble the Ancient Enemy. Which is potent in and of itself."
"Sounds like," Emily said, not giving Alibi an inch.
"Well, that's only its long-term function," Alibi said. "Kit here tells me it also has short-run capabilities."
"What do you mean?" Krish said.
"The Star Seeds also contained a second payload, a potentially form-altering serum," Alibi said. "A mixture which can have an immediate effect on a living organism, shifting its physiology instantaneously toward the Ancient Enemy's."
"A race could be altered by this immediately," Kit said, interjecting.
Krish looked over at the Dakhur, impressed.
"Really?" Krish said. "A race?"
"Well, no, not exactly. Not as a race, but as individuals," Alibi said, shaking his head. Kit cocked his head at Alibi, confused, as Krish turned back to him.
Sorry Kit. Have to be specific for Krish.
"The changes don't ripple out across a species," Alibi said. "Not immediately. Not from what I've learned. The short-run serum seems to have a focused, individual effect. It permanently alters that individual's DNA. So, in that way it could also be a long-term solution - it eventually introduces the Ancient Enemy's DNA into the population. If the altered individuals breed."
"So," Emily said. "What sort of changes are we talking about?"
Alibi took the good faith question as a sign she was coming around. A little.
"That would depend on the species," Alibi said. "But it would probably make us, well, we humans, anyway – sorry, Kit – more like them, the Ancient Enemy. Stronger. With heightened telepathic abilities and mental powers. And less empathy, less soul. But I don't know what it would do to the Dakhur."
"Quite a trade-off," Emily said. 
"Whoever hired Finder could be willing to make that trade off," Alibi said. "Or willing to decide that other people should. They could alter people and create a super human army."
"Who could?" Emily asked.
"Whoever hired Finder," Alibi said. "I began to discover details as I looked for one for him. Didn't like what I discovered. But I don't know who that is."
"No?" she said.
"No, but it doesn't matter," Alibi said. "Because I'm going to find it first. Bring it here. And then... well, we may have to decide if it's worth it."
"What is?" Emily asked.
"Worth it to alter ourselves," Alibi said. "Change ourselves. To fight the battles ahead."
"Oh," Emily said.
She didn't see that coming.
Well, I guess I even shocked myself when I thought of it.
"We don't know what sort of combined Greater Tah and Solar Alliance force will come after us, eventually, but they will come after us," Alibi said. "You know that. We all do. It's inevitable. So what do we do to counter that? We take some of the measures we took today. Do some of the things we've done to make the station mobile. Well, as much as it can be. And we have to think out of the box – what if we can turn ourselves into more effective weapons against our enemies?"
"At what cost?" Krish said. "That is the question."
"Yes, it is," Alibi said. "And an entirely hypothetical one unless we can get our hands on a Star Seed."
"So, then... this is important," Emily admitted. "Okay. You know, I don't like that guy Finder."
"Not much to like," Alibi said.
"I thought he was your friend?" Emily asked. 
"Friend? Not really," Alibi said. "I did kind of like him when I first met him. He was like... a mysterious hippy-wizard dude. I didn't know how brutal he was."
"Brutal?" Krish chimed in.
"He can be a dangerous guy," Alibi said. "And? He'll work for anyone. No standards at all. Doesn't care how bad they are. He worked for Azhumet, for pete's sake!"
"He did?" Emily asked.
"Yeah," Alibi said. "Tricked me into finding something for him, it turned out."
"And you were going to work with him again?" Krish asked.
"Already have," Alibi said. "Found the Wishing Stone for him after that."
"Why?" Emily wanted to know.
"Because he asked?" Alibi said. "I don't know. Figured it would be good to have him owe me one."
"So, what happens if you don't find the Star Seed for him – if you keep it for yourself?" she asked. "What will he do?"
"I don't know," Alibi admitted. "Well, not for sure. I know he'll lose his shit."


Chapter Twenty-Eight

"Fuck him!"
Finder spat out the words. "Fuck Alibi Jones!"
"There you go, let it out," Justin Spears said. "You know, I've heard the Prime Representative say the very same thing."
"And you're sure about this?"
"As I told you – my sources say he no longer plans to give you the Star Seed he's found," Spears said. "He has another buyer. I thought you told me you could deliver one to me?"
"He said he hadn't found a Star Seed yet!"
"Well, there you go," Spears said. "You see?"
Justin Spears looked around the messy apartment. How could anyone live like this, he wondered. Clothes, knickknacks, food boxes, and other... things... all spread out in a kind of even layer of crap over everything else in the room – sofa, chairs, carpet, entertainment unit. As if it had fallen like snow. 
A snowfall of crap. A shitfall. Spears snickered softly at his own internal joke. He smirked, but Finder didn't notice. He was too busy fuming.
Spears had tracked the elusive "Finder" down to his place in Mar del Plata after word reached the Prime Representative's office that a Very Dangerous Individual might have an axe to grind with Jones – and also, that said Very Dangerous Individual, if pushed the right way, could be a useful asset. 
Now, Spears didn't want word to get out that said Very Dangerous Individual had also been working for one Justin Spears, in search of a Star Seed. Nor that said supposedly Very Dangerous Individual had hired the hated Alibi Jones to find that Star Seed on Spears' behalf. As far as he knew, Jones hadn't found anything, yet, anyway.
So, Spears had pretended with Constantine that he didn't know anything about any "Star Seeds" bullshit, or whatever Jones was up to. And Constantine had told him to track down this "Finder" individual and set him on Jones. 
Which he did. Well, was doing. With pleasure. Maybe even glee. 
"I'm going to kill him," Finder said. "I'm gonna fucking strangle that little shit with my bare hands!"
And there it was.
"Thought you might feel that way," Spears said. He fished out a thin Wand from his pocket and handed it to Finder. "This burner Wand will let you tap into untraceable resources. It will let you communicate without getting tracked, too. You see, Mr. Finder, we now share two goals."
"We do?"
"Yes," Spear said. "Well, we've both wanted that Star Seed. And now? We both want to see Alibi Jones dead." 


Chapter Twenty-Nine

"Is he here?" Alibi asked, as he met up with Krish. They were supposed to meet their contact, the pilot, Goola, in a few minutes.
"He is," Krish said.
"I'm surprised he came back," Alibi said. "Is that a good sign or a bad sign?'
"Good question," Krish said. "I think it is a good one."
Alibi and Krish made their way through the crowd in the Hornet's Nest port. Alibi nodded to Bob Bond and Gardener Davison as they passed, the two looking up from a planning table in a cordoned-off construction area off to the left of the main concourse.
"More expansion?" Krish asked.
"Yep," Alibi said. "And the secure bays for our own ships." Alibi glanced around them, peering into the crowd as they walked. "Where is he?"
"Bay 33," Krish said. "Down near where we were before."
It had taken a few weeks for Krish to line up his contact again. But, evidently, the interest was still out there. The Heretic still had access to a Star Seed and was still willing to talk to Alibi about it. And still, only Alibi Jones. 
"Hello," Goola said. It looked like the pale man was wearing the same brown, one-piece flight suit he'd worn the last time Alibi saw him. "Are you ready now?"
"Ready to see The Heretic," Alibi said. 
Goola frowned.
"Let's not speak the name," Goola said. He turned to lead Alibi towards his ship's airlock. "Bad luck."
Inside the ship, Goola motioned to Alibi's shoes.
"Take 'em off," Goola said. "I got nice carpeting. I don't let anyone track shit all over it."
"Okay," Alibi said. He looked around. There was indeed plush beige carpeting laid down on the deck, in both corridor directions. A unique look. The walls were covered in an old fakewood coating, made to look like rough, wooden cabin walls. 
Alibi took off his shoes and felt the carpet smush under his toes. "Never seen this kind of interior decoration on a starship before."
"Got it cheap – used," Goola said. "Strange as shit. But, the price was right. Follow me. Cabins are up here."
Goola led him up the corridor towards the bow. Alibi carried his shoes along as he followed.
"In here," Goola said, indicating a door on the right. "Don't put your shoes back on."
"Gotcha."
Alibi walked in and looked around. The room continued the fakewood and carpet theme, with a wooden chair and small table and a bunk that looked like an old bed. There was a fake window as well. Alibi went over to see what his image choices were. 
It was broken. 
So much for the view.
"It's about a ten-hour trip," Goola said from the doorway. "Make yourself comfortable."
"Thanks," Alibi said, as the door closed.
Alibi went to the bed and tested it. Seemed comfortable enough. 
Might as well try to get a little rest.
He laid down and shut his eyes.
"Hey!"
Someone shouting?
Alibi woke up hard, with Goola standing in the doorway to the room.
"We're almost there," Goola said. "Wanted to let you know."
"Thanks."
"About ten minutes."
Seemed like no time at all.
Goola closed the door. 
Alibi arose and headed to the refresher to clean up a little before they arrived. As he splashed some water on his face, he felt the ship bump against something.
Probably a mooring collar. 
That means a station, more than likely. 
No landing, anyway.
He picked up his shoes and made for the door. 
Alibi found Goola waiting for him in the corridor as he left the room.
"Good, you're ready," Goola said. "Was coming back to get you." He gestured for Alibi to follow him back to the airlock. "Come on."
The pasty-faced man opened the airlock and nodded at Alibi.
"Put your shoes back on," he said. 
Alibi put them on and straightened up.
"Go ahead," Goola said, stepping over next to the airlock.
Alibi leaned ahead and looked into the airlock before stepping in.
"Head on through," Goola said. "No telling how long you'll be, so I'll just stay here."
"Thanks," Alibi said. 
Alibi stepped out of the airlock. He looked around as Goola's ship's hatch closed behind him. 
Unfamiliar surroundings. Strange angles. Alibi Jones was on board a space station of the Greater Tah.
Hoo-boy.
He did recognize the trash can with legs that trundled his way. A Tek'Tah, usually the grunt soldiers of the Greater Tah, not known for their intellects. It spoke through an old translator.
"Follow me, Alibi Jones," the old speaker over-annunciated.
"Sure," Alibi said, nodding.
The Tek'Tah turned and led Alibi away from the airlock and into the station.
Alibi followed the tentacled trash can through a strangely angled maze, until a giant door slid open on an opulent chamber. It felt like a throne room.
Alibi Jones found himself face-to-face with a Sec'Tah. This one was not armored, as most he'd seen. The creature had a robe draped over its thorax and four upper limbs that draped down over the small side limbs and the two it stood and walked on. 
Out of their armor they look even more like crawfish. Only, sort of stretched out, stiff, and... well, alien.
The Sec'Tah had a translator on a band that wrapped around its upper body just below its slightly triangular head.
"Alibi Jones," the translator speaker said in a smooth voice. "I am called The Heretic."
"Hello," Alibi said. "Thank you for agreeing to meet."
"Yes."
"Can we discuss the Star Seed?"
"Soon," the alien said. "First. A question for you, Alibi Jones. Do you know why they call me The Heretic?"
"I believe it's because you're not a fan of the 'Order' of the Greater Tah?" Alibi answered, trying to maintain a respectful tone in his voice. He didn't know how sensitive the translator was, but it certainly carried a great deal of nuance in its spoken voice.
"In a way," The Heretic's smooth, nuanced translator voice said. "But it is also because I favor chaos."
Alibi saw two Tek'Tah close in, one on each side, upper tentacles holding stun guns.
"Take him," The Heretic said.
FWASH!
Alibi blacked out as the stun guns beams hit.


Chapter Thirty

Of all people. 
He didn't think it would be his own mother that he'd have to keep most in line. 
She wasn't responding to the small adjustments. Not anymore. He couldn't make her be happy and at peace like he used to. 
It was growing annoying.
Today, she was accusing him – again – of wanting Alibi dead. And he did, of course. But he should never have told her he couldn't afford to have Alibi Jones killed. What had he been thinking?
"I don't want Alibi Jones dead, mother," Hap lied.
"Then why do you want him here?" she asked.
"Because he belongs here, with us," Hap said. "With you."
He heard it from her mind like a slap before she said it.
"I don't believe you!"
Hap had to resist slapping her back. She was SO asking for it! 
But physically, in her condition, it would be wrong. And mentally? 
He didn't know if he could control it to just a slap. It had been... harder to control the force he was exerting with his mind, when he used it to move things, physically. 
Unpredictable.
He needed more of the original stuff. 
It was all dried up, true. But they had brought it back before, reconstituted it, when they'd first discovered it, hadn't they?  
That had been a blessing! Digging the foundation for their Main Hall, they'd found the smashed remains of an alien race's ancient relic, a ceremonial stone of blue-white quartz. In picking the pieces out of the dirt, Hap cut himself, and bled on one of the pieces. 
Later, they'd found that where his blood had stuck to a shard, it had turned into a sticky, purple goo. 
It might not have been the wisest move, but Hap decided to taste it. Can something taste like electricity? He couldn't get the flavor of ozone out of the back of his throat for the next week. 
It was worth it – he began to perceive so much more. God opened his eyes wide. Let those who have eyes, see. Hap saw his way into consuming the rest of the small, purple mixed-mass of his blood and the blue stuff, and other minds opened to him – he saw how they worked. Like clocks, glowing, intricate, geared mechanisms. Only? Not quite.
Then? He realized he could change those mechanisms. In some cases, he could control them. Make them do as he wanted. Or simply plant suggestions in his favor.
He was doing the Lord's work, after all. And this was His gift.
Hap wanted more of the stuff, but bleeding on it again didn't work. 
No one's in the colony's blood worked. 
His scientists couldn't get the shards to react as they first had again. No more goo.
Scientists! Hap laughed as he thought of them. What did they know?
They'd given it their best efforts. But? Nothing. 
More of it now would help him control everything better. Time for them to try again. Harder.
Maybe he could make them smarter?
What was that? His mother was speaking. 
Her internal gear work was... broken. In an odd way. But it still functioned.
"I'm worried about you, Happy," she said. 
He could see in her fractured mind that she truly was – a mother's concern, golden and warm.
"You don't look well. You're redder than you should be. I can see more of your veins through your skin every day."
He pushed the gold away.
"I'm fine!" he shouted. He didn't mean to shout. "You worry about yourself!"
He stormed out of her room. Why did she always make him so mad?
No matter. He'd gotten a call. 
Be good to get off the planet for a few hours.


Chapter Thirty-One

"My head hurts," Alibi said, waking up in a sitting position, restrained. 
He opened his eyes and looked down at the zip ties around his arms and legs holding him upright in a chair.
How long have I been out?
"You are awake?" the Heretic asked.
"Apparently?" Alibi said.
"I imagine you did not anticipate that, Alibi Jones? You see? Chaos!"
"No, I did," Alibi said. "Saw that as a possibility. But I hoped I'd at least get to see your Star Seed first."
"Oh, I do not have a Star Seed," The Heretic said. "Though I do very much want one!"
"You said you had one!"
"I lied," the Heretic said. "Also chaotic! Is it not? Lying?"
"Annoying's what it is," Alibi muttered.
"Chaos is chaos!" The Heretic proclaimed. "It does not always work in your favor, Alibi Jones."
"Gotcha."
"I need funding, and you are valuable," The Heretic said. "And willing to come to me. So convenient! Thank you so much for that, really."
"Stupid of me," Alibi said. "And here I thought I might learn something from you."
"Really?" The Sec'Tah seemed surprised. "Such as?"
"More about the Greater Tah," Alibi said. "What makes you tick? Why the Tek'Tah work for you?"
"Oh," The Heretic said. "They do not. We all work for we all, the Tek'Tah among us."
"There are more, um... Tah?" Alibi asked.
"Yes."
At least they admit that.
"I thought you Sec'Tah ran everything," Alibi lied. He wanted to see what the Sec'Tah would tell him.
"We do not."
Not much apparently.
The Heretic did not elaborate.
"Why do you humans seek Star Seeds?" The Heretic asked. "This will not work out well for you."
"And why is that?" Alibi asked.
"Humankind has drawn the attention of old, decadent peoples," The Heretic said. "Star Seeds are sought by the wealthy of all races. But why draw this attention? You let loose chaos! A wild and reckless race!"
"We're not that bad," Alibi protested.
"You humans do not know the havoc you created," The Heretic said. "A million years ago, the Ancient Enemy kept people in line. After they were overthrown, The Eldred did the same, though peacefully. You rise up and blithely initiate their destruction. But leave nothing in their place."
"Is that what you're doing?" Alibi asked. "The Greater Tah? Taking their place?"
"Ours is but a token effort," The Heretic said. "Regional at best."
"This is going nowhere," Alibi said. He sighed.
"You may be going somewhere," The Heretic said. "Bring in The Domo!" he barked out to his Tek'Tah.
The Tek'Tah led in a grotesquely large Domo. The bald, rotund alien rolled in and eyed Alibi appreciatively, like a choice morsel.
"Hello Corporolaneus," The Heretic said, greeting his guest.
"Heretic," the Domo said. Its mouth moved sideways, opening and closing vertically. That always disturbed Alibi. "This is the one?"
"Yes," The Heretic said. "This is Alibi Jones! There is so much to him! You could consume parts of him slowly, over time, for maximum absorption. He is a fine human specimen, and may even be evolving new mental traits, I'm told. Aspects of the Ancient Enemy, which you have been looking to attain through absorption for... quite some time."
"Much of what you say is true," the Domo said. "But... he seems willful. The willful ones do not absorb so well, you know?"
"No?" The Heretic said. "I had not heard that. But... how long have you been trying to absorb the DNA of the Ancient Enemy? Isn't it about a thousand years, now, Corporolaneus?"
"Stop talking about me as if I wasn't here!" Alibi shouted. "I am not on the menu!"
"Oh, but you are," The Domo said, turning to Alibi. "You trusted the Heretic, didn't you? How foolish." The Domo turned back to The Heretic. "You see? Quite willful. Certainly not worth the currency you are asking for him."
"You are just haggling," The Heretic said. "Making this 'willful' stuff up!"
"Oh, no, he's not, I've heard that, too," Alibi said. "Not good to eat. At. All."
The Domo chuckled.
"It has been many years," the Domo said. "I spent my time on Earth. The humans have a lovely planet. I see why your people are interested in it."
The Heretic shifted its robes around its thorax, adjusting them.
"Look, if this is about money," Alibi started, "I can pay you whatev..." 
"No!" The Heretic shouted through its translator, cutting him off. "I am doing this because I can. Because it is chaotic. Because it is transgressive and wrong. Don't you see? This is what you humans call Art!"
"This is bullshit," Alibi said. "Not 'Art' – you're getting it wrong. Moron."
"That chair is wired, you know?" The Heretic said. He gestured with a small device held in the lower left of his four arms and a jolt of electricity zapped through Alibi. 
"Ahhhhhhhhheey!" Alibi half-yelled.
"So be civil," the Heretic said.
Shit. That hurt.
"I don't like pre-cooked meals, Heretic," The Domo said. "You keep that up and he's damaged goods."
The Heretic turned to the Domo.
"Really?" 
The Heretic zapped Alibi again.
"Hey-aaaaaayy!" Alibi yelled, the scream ripped out of him in surprise and pain.
"Maybe you're right," The Heretic said. "Quite willful."
"So, you will lower your price, then?" the Domo said.
"No," The Heretic answered. "I will sell to my other buyer. You can go, Domo. Tek'Tah, show Corporolaneus out."
"What?" The Domo said, its mouth gaping sideways. "We had a deal!"
"And now? We don't," The Heretic said.
"Can't trust The Heretic, I hear," Alibi said to the Domo.
The Domo's mouth snapped shut. It turned to him.
"Good Luck, Alibi Jones," The Domo said. "You have done kindness to my race's survivors. You will not be consumed. Although I would like to buy a pint of your blood sometime. If you don't mind."
The Tek'Tah forced the Domo out of the room.
Was he trying to help me?
Weird way to do it.
"Bring in the other buyer!" The Heretic called out.
A man slightly younger than Alibi walked into the room. He gaped at Alibi in his chair, regained his composure, and turned to the Sec'Tah. He looked familiar, but Alibi couldn't place him.
"Hello, Happiness Kim," The Heretic said. "As promised! If you have the currency for me, I have your half-brother for you – Alibi Jones!"
Happiness Kim? My half-brother?
One of the Heretic's Tek'Tah hit Alibi with a dosing bar filled with sedative, knocking him out.


Chapter Thirty-Two

Alibi Jones began to wake up, aware of hard concrete underneath him. Opening his eyes, he discovered he was laying on his side on the floor of what seemed to be a jail cell.
Where am I now?  
He assumed he'd been easy to transport while unconscious. 
Alibi pushed himself up into a sitting position, and then had to massage his temples – his head was throbbing hard, post-knockout.
"Ugh," he mumbled.
"Welcome to my world," Happiness Kim said to him from somewhere he couldn't yet see. 
Or maybe it was inside of his head, mind to mind?
"Here, I'm the New Light," Hap said. "And you are nobody."
Alibi felt Hap squeeze his brain, and he blacked out again.
He was alone when he came to. Hap brought him a meal later, not saying a word, just glaring at him.
The next day passed much the same way, alone save for Hap bring him two meals, with a side order of glare.
On the third day, Alibi had a visitor.
Alibi looked up as the older woman walked into the security office and turned to look at him in the cell.
He looked back at her and blinked. 
My mother? Ruth?
Alibi recognized Ruth but didn't expect a woman her age to be pregnant. She looked pretty far along, too.
"You're... you're Alibi?" she asked.
He nodded, unsure of what to say. 
She killed my father. Murdered BC.
 My father is dead. 
And I'm in a jail cell.
And she's only out of a cell because Hap got her released under false pretenses. 
Now, here she is, alive and free. And carrying a child?
"Hello," she said. "I'm... I'm your mother. Ruth. Ruth Kim."
"Hi," Alibi managed.
"I haven't seen you since you were three years old," she said.
"I know," Alibi said. "Hard to forget you killing my father in front of me. I remember you."
"Hey!"
Alibi felt a clamp around his mind. Or something that felt like a clamp. 
The room went dark as he lost his sight. 
Another brain squeeze from Hap.
Enough. Double doors!
Alibi responded the way he did to any kind of mental attack, with his simple defense – picturing heavy, double wooden doors locking up his mind, away from the attacker – a defense that had worked against even the Ancient Enemy. 
The clamp lifted. Alibi could see again.
"Unh!" he heard Hap grunt simultaneously from somewhere nearby.
After a breath, he felt Hap try to break through his double doors with a strong mental blow.
BAM.
Double Doors!
Alibi closed his eyes and strengthened the image of the doors in his mind's eye – bigger, more solid, stronger, stone portals, with heavier iron bolts, keeping out all intruders.
BAM!
Keep out!
He knew it was only Hap, pounding on his mental defenses. But he was as strong – if not stronger – than those of the Ancient Enemy Alibi had fought in the past. Surprising.
Everyone here is full of surprises.
He should not be that strong.
How is that possible?
Alibi felt the pressure ease. He opened his eyes.
"What's going on?" Ruth asked.
Alibi saw she wasn't asking him. Hap had walked into the room. He was red-faced, sweating, and the veins were popping on the sides of his forehead. 
He doesn't look healthy.
"There's no need to be rude," Hap spat out at Alibi. "She is your mother!"
"Don't hurt him with your mind!" Ruth said, angry at Hap.
"Stop defending him! Jesus, you just heard him!" Hap looked hurt as he berated his mother.
"There's no need to be rude," Alibi muttered.
Hap wheeled around toward Alibi and pointed at him.
"Shut up!"
As if slapped by a giant hand, Alibi was thrown backwards into the wall of the cell. He let himself slide to the floor as he mentally checked for damages.
Ouch. Nothing broken. I don't think.
"Let's see your mental defenses stop that, huh?" Hap said. He walked over to the cell and glared down at Alibi.
"Hap! No!" Ruth protested.
"You know what?" Alibi said, looking up at Hap. "I don't know what I can do." He met Hap's glare and stared him down. As he felt Hap's confident veneer slip just a hair, Alibi said and thought, "Sleep!"
Hap collapsed in front of him into a sleeping ball on the ground.
"Alibi – what did you do?" Ruth asked, alarmed.
"Told him to go to sleep," Alibi said.
Alibi saw Ruth's eyes look up, as if she was looking at something far away, far off. 
"He's gone!" she said. "Gone from inside my head!"
She was searching inside for mental violations. Probably from Hap.
"Temporarily," Alibi said. "Is he in there a lot?"
"All. The. Time," she said. "It's... wrong."
Hap groaned. He was waking up.
"I'm sorry," Alibi said.
"Thank you," she said.
"You told him," Hap said as he rose up from the floor.
"It came out, yes," Ruth said.
"We'll talk about this later," Hap said. "If you want to stay here and talk to him, you can. I have other things..." He let the thought trail as he walked out of the room.
"Oh," Ruth said. She sounded surprised. And sad.
"What?" Alibi asked. He couldn't help himself.
"He's back in my head," she said.
"You can tell?" he asked.
"I can feel him in there, like he's sitting right up here behind my eyes, just... watching," she said, rubbing her forehead with her right thumb and forefinger. "Sometimes looking out through them."
"Through your eyes?" Alibi asked.
"Yes," she said. She leaned down towards Alibi and whispered. "Isn't that horrible?"
"Evil," Alibi said.
She recoiled.
"He is not evil!" 
She frowned. She turned and left the room, leaving Alibi alone.
"Have it your way," Alibi said to the empty room.


Chapter Thirty-Three

It was odd finally speaking with his mother. She continued to visit over the next few days. He could see she enjoyed being with him. He wasn't sure what he felt. Their conversations gave him plenty of food for thought in the many hours he spent alone in the cell, after she'd gone.
Alibi discovered Happiness Kim passed himself off as The New Light, leading his cult he called the True Catholic Church, here on Fortuna. 
The New Light, huh?
"Follow the New Light!"
Hap doesn't strike me as the messianic type.
Not when he's striking me, anyway.
Suppose he doesn't need smooth persuasion when he can move people with his mind.
According to Ruth, the splinter group was originally founded by a Cardinal who called himself The Light, many years ago, back on Earth. The cult then relocated, squatting Fortune Station, left abandoned in high Earth orbit.
She explained that BC, Alibi's father, had been on a mission to Fortune Station to assassinate The Light, years ago, when he'd met her, and Alibi had been conceived. The tryst with Ruth provided BC cover when The Light died that same night. He'd been named for what his mother gave his father – an alibi.
What's in a name? 
Alibi laughed as a thought struck him.
Happiness! Ruth had a better time of it with Hap's father, then, didn't she?
One thing she mentioned actually surprised Alibi. Ruth insisted mental gifts ran in her family. While giving BC credit for his gifts, she said her own heritage must have also contributed to Alibi's abilities – and insisted Hap's "natural" talents were proof of this.
I'm not so sure of that.
Alibi bet Hap was using advanced alien tech to enhance his mental abilities, stuff forbidden and illegal in the Solar Alliance. And by the look of him, it was taking a toll. His skin was often bright red, veins rising prominently at his temples. His blood pressure had to be through the roof. 
Wasn't Satan supposed to be all red-faced?
Well, think of the devil.
Hap walked into the room outside of the cell, turned, and glared down at him.
"Alibi Jones," Hap said. 
"Happiness Kim," Alibi answered.
"My brother!" Hap laughed.
"Half," Alibi said. "Half-brother. Only."
Hap ignored him.
"What makes you so special, anyway?"
"Nothing at all, "Alibi said. "I'm not special."
"Yet our mother fawns over you, as if you were the Christ Child!"
"She does?"
"Just because you haven't been here to see it doesn't mean it isn't happening!"
"Okay," Alibi said, noting that the man sounded more than a little unhinged.
"What would you know? You didn't grow up in a shadow," he said. "I grew up in yours! Mother was always constantly, 'Alibi this,' and 'Alibi that.' You never even visited her in that place. I was there every week! Even though you ignored her, she worshiped you!"
The man stared at Alibi.
Double doors. Stone. Iron.
"I got her second-best efforts, if that," Hap said. "She still cares more about you than me – I know!"
"I grew up in my father's shadow," Alibi said. "He still haunts me. Aunt Anita, Krish, so many of his old friends see him in me. I don't like it. But that's the way it is. Life is made up of shadows. And... light."
"Are you mocking me?" Hap asked. "You know I can't see inside you."
"Does that bother you?"
"Where did you get your powers?" Hap prodded. "Certainly, Mother has latent abilities. I've heard your father BC did, too. But what else, huh? Anything else?"
"Nothing at all," Alibi said. "Nothing special. What are you using?"
"Shut up!"
Hap stormed out.


Chapter Thirty-Four

Hap fumed. He was The New Light. And he could do what he wanted!
It really was a question of control.
The Light knew – he could control them all. 
Outright. 
Make them move the way he wanted. 
Do what he wanted them to do. 
Anything.
Of course, take too many on and it was a complicated ballet you were choreographing – instantaneously. Not an easy feat. Never mind keeping yourself walking in a straight line while piloting all the others. 
He enjoyed the challenge, all the same. After all, it was his Gift. From God.
He'd asked God for a gift, and He gave him one: access to other minds. At first, he heard them like voices, stray thoughts in his mind he knew were not his own. Then, as he saw their internal clockworks, he began to see how he could take those thoughts, change them, and send them back, and make people think what he wanted them to. 
But Alibi Jones was closed off to him.
He wanted in.
He would figure out a way. And pray.
The man was a puzzle. And, now that he was here, Hap found himself unable to simply kill him.
The thought had been easy in the abstract, but faced with its reality, Hap understood God would not be pleased with Alibi's death by his hands. It seemed no accident the Old Testament reading the day Alibi arrived had been from Genesis, telling of Cain's fratricide of brother Abel.
It simply wasn't fair.


Chapter Thirty-Five

Hap came back to see Alibi the next day, a little less red in the face.
He looks a little more hinged.
"Alibi Jones," Hap said. "We should talk."
"What about?"
"Life," Hap said. "The universe..."
"...And Everything?" Alibi finished.
"Yes, I see what you did there, that's funny," Hap said, with little emotion in his voice. He changed the subject and moved on. "Do you feel any... call? Any need to serve the Lord our God?"
I didn't see this coming.
"Not really," Alibi said. "I never saw it as a positive."
"Really?" Hap said.
"Look at where I came from," Alibi said. "My father BC was a priest. But, oh yeah, he killed people in God's name. And our mother, she's very religious, very devout. And she killed BC. I didn't see their religion doing either of them any favors. Any good, whatsoever. Do you?"
"Mother is fulfilled by her relationship with Our Lord," Hap said. "As am I."
Yeah, and you look all kinds of healthy, too.
"I see," Alibi said. "Well. That's... good. If it works for you. And no offense intended."
"Thank you," Hap said. 
"You're welcome?" Alibi wasn't sure what to say.
"We are a people with a destiny, don't you see?" Hap said. "The chosen race of God! We were too blind in the past to see beyond our differences, but now we can see we are one race, the human race, and we have been chosen by the Lord of this universe to lead the way to Him!"
"And you're sure about this?" Alibi said.
Hap looked frustrated.
Did he think he was going to convince me?
"So, you don't contemplate Jesus, God, creation... nothing?" Hap asked.
"Not unless I have to," Alibi said. "The universe itself gives me plenty to contemplate. I don't need to make stuff up to do it."
"This isn't made up," Hap said.
"Sorry," Alibi said. "I'm not trying to insult you. I'm just talking about... for me."
"I see," Hap said. He got up to leave. "You may be my half-brother," Hap said. "But we are nothing alike."
He left Alibi alone in the cell.
Ruth arrived a short time later, a worried look on her face.
"You've angered Hap," Ruth said.
"That doesn't seem hard," Alibi said. "I wasn't trying to. It was his conversation. He kept bringing things up. He just didn't like my answers."
"Well," she said. "You shouldn't provoke him."
"Yes, you're right," Alibi said.
"Then, why did you?" she asked. 
"Unintentional," Alibi said.
These people are insane.
She walked out, leaving Alibi alone again. 
He looked around the cell.
Alibi hadn't yet been able to figure out how to escape his jail cell and captivity. There were no evident structural defects he could take advantage of – he'd examined every inch of the cell. It was all low-tech/no-tech, with three concrete walls and the fourth, metal bars welded in place, alongside a heavy door – also made of metal bars – that clanged shut and was bolted in place.
He'd lost his Wand to the Heretic. Long ago, now, it seemed.
Alibi got up and began jogging in place. There wasn't much room in the cell, but when he realized they weren't letting him out of it for any reason, he'd started exercising in what little space he had next to the folded-up bunk and the combo sink and toilet.
It had been over a week. He cleaned up using the sink best he could, but he was still pretty ripe.
Kit would be gagging.
Alibi frowned. It saddened him, being locked up and so far away from everyone he cared about.
Even if the first thing he'd hear from most of them would be, "Told you so."


Chapter Thirty-Six

"Who's the guy in the cell?" The Hornet's Nest's Deputy Chief of Security asked. Bea Dietrich, Grizzly Yakamoto's second-in-command gestured with her right thumb back over her shoulder.
"Says his name is 'Finder'," Grizz said. "That sound like a real name to you?"
"Nope," Dietrich said. "Can't say it does."
"Fuck you!" came a yell from the cell.
"What'd he do?" Dietrich asked. "Contraband?"
"No," Grizz said, surprise echoing in his voice. "Guy came into the Nest, pushed his way into administration, and started waving his blasters around demanding we produce Alibi Jones – for him to kill!"
"Damn," Dietrich said. "He didn't know Alibi wasn't here?"
"Well, we aren't broadcasting that fact, so, no," Grizz said. "S'pose that's a good sign."
"How'd he get past our guys in the port?"
"That's the kind of messed-up thing," Grizz said. "He's in our system already. There was a note on his file from Emily Brown saying Alibi Jones vouched for him. They figured he was an old friend."
"I want my fucking Star Seed!" the prisoner screamed.
"Did he say, 'star seat'?" Dietrich asked. "Like a seat in the stars?"
"No, 'Star Seed'," Grizz clarified. "Evidently, he thinks Alibi Jones found one of these Star Seeds and is keeping it from him. From what I can tell."
"He didn't give a statement?"
"Refused."
Dietrich walked over and looked at the disheveled, hairy old man. He glared back at her.
"You know?" Dietrich said. "He kind of looks like an evil Santa Claus."
"I wouldn't try to sit on his lap if I were you," Grizz cracked.
"Ho Fucking Ho!" Finder barked at her. "Where's my Star Seed?!"
"You know, that would be kinda cool," Dietrich said. 
"What's that?" Grizz asked.
"A star seat," she said. "So you could just kind of sit out in the stars. Just hang out in space, you know?"
She looked down at Finder.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Finder said, glaring back at her.
"No need to be rude," she said. 
She popped the side panel next to the cell with her finger and the force field around the cell went opaque and silent.
"When is Alibi Jones supposed to be back?" Dietrich asked.
"I don't really know," Grizz said.


Chapter Thirty-Seven

"Alibi!"
Alibi Jones stirred from a light sleep. He sat up on the bunk in his cell.
Ruth was standing outside the bars.
"What time is it?" Alibi asked.
"Just after 3 am," Ruth said.
"What are you doing here?"
"I'm getting you out," she said. "Before Hap kills you."
Ruth unlocked the cell and led Alibi out of the jail. 
They made their way down a rough wooded path. Evidently the jail building was a little bit out of the way from the rest of their colony.
"What will he do to you?" Alibi asked, concerned.
"Nothing," she said. "I'll be fine. I'm his mother."
"Are you sure?"
"Completely?" she said. "No. But he usually just threatens me. Besides, I'm carrying his child."
Alibi stopped running, stopped short, as if yanked to a halt by the craziness of what he just heard.
"His..." Alibi tried. "You're... I mean, you two... what?"
"They tried to tell me it was an immaculate conception," Ruth said. "And for a while, I believed them. But then Hap began invading my mind, more and more, and I began to see back into his as well, and... I saw the truth. He had me artificially implanted with his baby."
"That is fucked up," Alibi said. "That is so... "
"Come on," she said, goading him back into action. "I can't think about that. We need to move fast. I found you a place on a ship that's leaving within the half-hour."
They kept to footpaths in the woods. Alibi saw Ruth was using exercise paths to keep them off the colony's main thoroughfares. He was running for his life.
"Why did he do that?" Alibi asked, as he ran. He couldn't help himself.
"To create a new Chosen One," Ruth said, through her breaths. "A new Christ Child. With powers given by God for the New Manifestation."
"That doesn't sound... that's not normal church teaching, is it?" he asked. "Never heard that before."
"It is... um... Evolved teaching," Ruth said, and Alibi could hear in her voice that she was uncertain of the doctrine as well. "As I've told you – I have some mental gifts. You have them, Alibi, and Hap does, too – though sometimes I fear his are not natural. He can feel like such a machine inside of my mind sometimes. Alien."
"I don't really have much, like, power, or anything," Alibi said. "I mostly just defend myself. Because people seem to keep attacking me!" Alibi looked around as they neared the gate to the colony's port. "Hey – what will we do if Hap wakes up?"
"He won't," she said, with a finality that made Alibi leave her response unquestioned. "Come on through the gate behind me. Stay close, but don't act suspicious. Just walk."
Ruth walked out of their light wooded cover and over toward the entrance to the port. Alibi jumped into place behind her. They walked briskly through the gate.
"Hap believes if he and I have a child together, it will be stronger," she said, looking back at Alibi. "He has scientists here who know genetics and that stuff. They... worked on the embryo before it was implanted. I can see in his mind they took precautions against birth defects as well."
"This is fucking twisted," Alibi said in a heavy whisper as he jogged along behind her.
"It is for God," Ruth said, answering his whisper with her own.
"Right."
"This way."
Can't say as I'm seeing the upside of this whole religion thing...
Ruth led Alibi past darkened ships bays, most empty. There was light pouring out from one bay ahead of them. As they approached, Alibi could hear the crew going through checklists and preparing for departure.
Alibi and Ruth walked into the bay. Ruth motioned for Alibi to follow her up to the airlock, which stood open as the crew came and went during takeoff prep.
"Come on," she said, and walked onto the ship. Alibi followed.
"Ruth!" A large, dark-skinned woman greeted his mother in the ship's main corridor.
"Captain Kalimah," Ruth said. "This is my son, Alibi."
"Hello, Alibi," the Captain said. "I hear you need a ride."
"And a shower," Alibi said. "I hope your cabins have refreshers."
"All the amenities," she said.
"Ruth," Alibi said, turning to his biological mother. "You should come with me." He looked down at her swelled, pregnant belly. "This? This is insane. You know that. Don't let him abuse you like this!"
"It is not abuse!" she insisted.  "And I will be fine."
"You're helping me escape," Alibi said. "What if he takes it out on you?"
Ruth caressed her belly.
"He won't."
"Time for you to go then, Ruth," Captain Kalimah said. "We're taking off now."
Ruth stepped back into the airlock.
"Good," she said. "Thank you, Captain Kalimah."
She walked off the ship and jogged out of the surrounding light into the darkness beyond and disappeared as the airlock doors closed behind her.
"Had enough of the batshit crazy holy rollers, huh?" the captain said to Alibi. He heard the airlock close and seal shut behind him. The deck began to vibrate subtly as the entire ship hummed along with the warming engines.
"More than enough," Alibi said.
"This way, then," she said. "There's a guest cabin down here you can use." 
He felt the ship lift off as they walked down the corridor. She showed him to the room and let him in. 
"We'll be at the Moon in about an hour, if our Transpace window holds," she said.
"Thank you!"
Captain Kalimah nodded, and left the guest cabin.
Where is that refresher!?!


Chapter Thirty-Eight

Alibi peeled out of his soiled jumpsuit and popped it into a refresher drawer. He climbed into the people-sized refresher closet provided. It was sonic, but scrubbed the grime away, all the same. He longed for actual water to wash with, but made do. It worked. 
Finished, he left the refresher, pulled his now-cleaned jumpsuit out of its refresher drawer, and dressed.
"Alibi?" A voice echoed out from an intercom speaker.
"Yes?" he responded.
"We'll be touching down on Lunar Prime in ten minutes," the voice said.
"Thank you," Alibi said.
Well, I'm not much more welcome on Lunar Prime than where I just came from. Have to try to get out of sight quickly.
Ruth had paid for his passage, which apparently included sneaking him off the ship without going through Lunar Prime Customs. He found himself whisked off along with some questionable cargo before any inspectors or officers appeared at Captain Kalimah's ship. Past customs, the crew members parted ways with Alibi. 
On his own in a hostile city, he couldn't tap into any of his accounts or communications channels without giving away who and where he was – not a good idea, with the Solar Alliance controlled by his enemies. But now that he was free, albeit still feeling kind of hunted given his surroundings, he needed to get in touch with the Hornet's Nest, and get himself home.
It had been a long time since Alibi Jones had been to Lunar Prime. When Alibi was young, his Aunt Anita was Prime Representative in the parliament that governed the Solar Alliance. As the leader of humankind, she'd had to travel throughout the Solar Alliance, visiting its colonies, stations and worlds. Alibi joined her on many of those journeys. He'd already been to Lunar Prime on several jaunts with his aunt when he was still in grade school.
Maybe that's why everything here seems so small now. I'm sure it all looked larger when I was a lot smaller. Feels like it shrank!
 Kind of old, dark and dingy, too. Grime in all the crevasses and corners.
Alibi walked out under the main dome. He knew it was as large as it had ever been, but, again, he felt like it had gotten smaller.
I'm not that much bigger than I used to be.
Still. It has been a long time since I've been here.
Lunar Prime did show its age, in outdated tech and more cramped, utilitarian design than Alibi was used to, even with a previously abandoned outpost like the Nest. The Hornet's Nest was a much younger place. Parts of Lunar Prime dated back decades and decades.
Alibi looked around the crowd in the dome. He hoped he could find his way home without getting spotted, identified, and likely arrested by Constantine's people.
It's not like they have real charges against me, even. They can always dredge Kismet up, I suppose. Was cleared on that. But? Accidentally destroy a planet-city, they never let you live it down. 
He crossed the pedestrian bridge over the pool at the dome's center, lost in thought.
A Solar Alliance ship did get consumed by the Rhoday that time I tried to save my Aunt. That wasn't my fault! They do blame us, though.
The dome is nice. All this vegetation. Makes you forget you're on the Moon.
He bumped into an older man, apologized as he steadied him and walked on. His paranoia led him to check his pockets, and he laughed. He didn't have anything to pick – what was he thinking?
The older man reminded him of another.
Wouldn't want to run into Finder, here.
Would like to find the...
"There it is," Alibi said to himself. Central Information Kiosk. 
He had to figure out how to get to one of the outer sets of landing bays. The many ports of old Lunar Prime were spread out around it, added on one by one as the need grew.
He'd recognized the name of the Void Destroyer among the ships in port. Trapper Van Erikson, the owner and captain, was an old acquaintance. Had no use for the Solar Alliance powers-that-be and could probably be trusted not to blab that Alibi was here. Alibi hoped to convince him to let him use his ship's com to call back to the Hornet's Nest.
Alibi tried to find Trapper's ship, but it wasn't on the info screens available in the port section where he'd come in. Hopefully, the Central Information Kiosk would be able to point him in the right direction. 
Let's see... silver... nope... bronze? Nuh-uh. There he is. Gold wing. Where is...
Really? That's out of the way.
At least I won't be in a high traffic area.
The different wings where the ports lay were marked by color. He'd landed at the bays in the Brass Wing. The Void Destroyer was in the Gold, an older section far from the central hub of Lunar Prime, where Alibi was now.
He left the Central Information Kiosk and began jogging toward the Gold Wing. The surroundings seemed to age as he went along, as if he was jogging back through time.
No thanks. Done enough of that recently.
Alibi noted patched and replaced seals between sections of corridor, stale air spots, even outdated old stencils and signage on the walls. 
He stopped to look at a strange old flag. He'd seen it in history books.
The Stars and Stripes, they called it. For the United States of America. Part of the UTZ these days.
This must be an old American section. Used to be Ray Gun Station back then, or something like that.
Alibi contemplated the mysteries of naming space stations as he started jogging again. 
Why would they call it that?
In an incongruous change, as Alibi stepped out of the old corridor into the landing bays, everything brightened and opened up. This spaceport section was newer construction, dating only to the last twenty years, likely.
"Trapper?" Alibi called over to the man as he approached his ship.
Trapper Van Erikson looked up from his ship's manifest as Alibi neared. He was six feet tall, dark haired, dressed in a flannel shirt and jeans and wearing a cowboy hat. 
"Can I help you?"
"It's Alibi," he said. "Alibi Jones?"
"Oh! Yeah. Hey, Alibi – I didn't recognize you at first. Growing a beard?"
"Haven't been able to shave."
"I thought you stayed out of the Solar Alliance these days," Trapper said. "I've been out to your place, that Nest there. Nice."
"Thanks," Alibi said. "I try to stay away as much as I can, given how the current government feels about my family. But I got... I got jumped. Wasn't supposed to be here. Knocked out on the ship I was on. Woke up here, with everything gone, over in the Brass Wing."
"Got taken, huh?" he said. "Tough luck."
"Could I use your ship's com to call back to the Hornet's Nest?" Alibi asked. "I need to get picked up."
"Uh... sure," Trapper said. "Come on."
He led him inside and up to the bridge.
Trapper nodded to a crew member manning the helm.
"Go ahead, take five, Yang, I'll spell you for a few," Trapper said to the man.
"Okay," he said. "Thanks." He got up and brushed past Alibi on his way off the bridge.
Trapper walked over to the com station and powered it up. Then, he stepped back and nodded for Alibi to take his place.
"Go ahead."
"Thanks."
He made the connection and found himself talking to Krish.
"Alibi! Thank goodness!"
"Good to see your face, Krish," Alibi said. "Tell everyone I'm okay. It was a trap, Krish. I shouldn't have gone. They... didn't have what they said they did."
"Yes, we got that news," Krish said. "But no one knew what happened to you – you disappeared!"
"Long story," Alibi said. He looked around the bridge. Trapper was looking busy staring at some readouts.
"I have a story for you, as well," Krish said. "Finder showed up here. He thought you already had... one. He was ready to kill you!"
"Really?"
Well, now he's definitely not getting one. Not if I can help it.
"It looks like you are calling from the Moon?" Krish said. "From the... Void Destroyer?" 
"A friend's ship," Alibi said. Trapper looked over at him. Alibi nodded and mouthed, "Thank you."
"Stay there!" Krish said.
"What?"
"Stay on the Moon," Krish said. "I'm coming!"
"Well, good... I need a pick up," Alibi said. "It doesn't have to be you..."
"Yes, it does," Krish said. "Because then? You see, Alibi... we need to go to Earth. For the St... uh... one – like Finder wants!"
Trapper was able to give Alibi a burner Wand, so Krish could advance him some anonymous Solar Alliance credits. Alibi would be able to finally eat something while he waited for Krish's arrival.
"Thanks, Trapper," Alibi said, as he left the ship. "Appreciate the help."
"You owe me one," he said, tipping his hat.
"I do," Alibi said. "You know where to find me if you need to collect. Look me up at the Hornet's Nest the next time you're out that way."
"Yup," Trapper said. "Will do. Way things are going around here? I may see you sooner rather than later."
Alibi walked back into the main hangar of the Gold wing. He started to make his way through the crowd of travelers coming and going when he noticed a strange disruption by the entrance. A man and two women in dark three-piece suits were pushing through the crowd.
That cannot be good.
Alibi pulled out the Wand and called the Void Destroyer. Trapper answered.
"Yup?"
"Trapper, it's Alibi, looks like the heat is coming, thought you should know," he said. "Gotta go!"
He cut the connection, then walked with a departing group of tourists towards a different ship's bay, until he got the chance to switch crowds. Then he walked with an arriving group past the suits towards the old exit corridor. 
Alibi deliberately kept from making any eye contact to avoid discovery but did note Trapper's crew member Yang talking with the suits as he passed.
Well, explains that.
He'd almost made it to the corridor when he heard someone behind him yell.
"Wait! There he is!"
Shit!
Alibi didn't look back. 
"Excuse me," he said, pushing by passengers in front of him to get to the corridor. "Sorry! Excuse me! Emergency! Pardon me!"
The corridor was full of people moving in both directions – slowly. Traffic had picked up.
Alibi excused and pardoned his way through the crowd as fast as he could, the only consolation being that his pursuers had to deal with the same herds of mindless travelers shuffling their way back into the central sections of Lunar Prime.
He spotted a maintenance door ahead, up on the right. Alibi ducked out of the crowd, through the hatch, and into a side corridor that branched away from the public walking area. 
This tunnel was really old. Looked like one of the Moon's old solo surface tunnels. The hexagon-shaped tunnel's three top panels were clear, providing a view out across the lunar surface and up into the stars above. Ships flashed by and blacked out the stars overhead for a moment as they approached the Gold Wing landing bays. 
The tunnel curved out past the Gold Wing bays. As Alibi ran, he noticed there were emergency airlocks every thirty meters or so. Old safety measures. He stopped in one of the tunnel's large junctures, an airlock – a small, sealable room, ready for emergencies.
Alibi closed the airlock door behind him, between him and the suits. He opened up the panel next to it and jammed the controls frozen. He looked up and saw the suits running toward him down the tunnel.
Shit.
He stepped out of the airlock on the far side and closed the hatch, sealing himself out of the small room. He opened the maintenance panel next to the door. 
Pretty simple old set up. Let's see.
Alibi moved some of the contacts around.
That should rewire the door lock permanently closed.
He turned and started running again.
He could hear pounding behind him. 
The tunnel led out across the lunar surface, to a lone maintenance outbuilding. The end of the line. Alibi kept running until he reached the tunnel's end. He looked back. The curve of the tunnel meant he couldn't see if his pursuers had escaped the airlock yet.
Gotta keep going.
Alibi noticed there were explosive bolts at the end of the tunnel, where it sealed up to the maintenance building.
Could set those to blow. Don't want to kill anyone, though. 
Would blow this tunnel right off.
Alibi tried the hatch on the maintenance building. It opened. As he stepped through, he heard running footsteps.
Aw, hell.
He stepped back out and triggered the exploding bolts. 


Chapter Thirty-Nine

“Explosive bolts to detonate in five seconds,” a recorded voice said as Alibi ducked into the outbuilding. 
"Five."
He sealed the door shut behind him.
"Four"
Well, at least they'll have a warning. 
"Three."
If they're smart? 
"Two."
They'll run back to the airlock.
"One"
He waited for the sound.
BOOM! BOM-BOOM-BA-DOOM!
The explosive bolts fired.
Alibi looked back out, watching as the tunnel detached from the building and began collapsing.
Sorry. Didn't give me much choice.
He turned to survey the inside of the space he'd just sealed himself in. It was a storage bunker, a long building with a row of windows on each side and doors on the shorter ends. The only other hatch led to an airlock out onto the lunar surface.
Alibi took out the Wand.
"Hey Krish?"
"Alibi?" 
"Yeah... how long until you're here? I'm kinda stuck somewhere."
"On my way now," Krish said. "Forty minutes?"
"Can you hurry?"
After a half an hour, the A.D. Foster landed outside of the maintenance building. 
Alibi didn't know what happened to his pursuers. He couldn't see out to the junction room. And they hadn't shown up in any EVA suits or vehicles. At least, not yet.
They could be dead.
He wondered how long it would be until Lunar Prime sent people or bots out to fix the damage.
Hopefully not for a few more minutes.
Krish and another person left the A.D. Foster carrying an extra EVA suit between them. As they neared the outbuilding, Alibi saw it was Kit helping Krish.
The two pushed the extra EVA suit into the airlock and closed it, waiting outside.
Alibi cycled the airlock and opened the hatch. He pulled out the EVA suit and looked it over.
Great. One of my spares.
He put on the suit, checked the seals, and stepped into the airlock. The airlock cycled, the door opened, and Alibi stepped out onto the lunar surface next to Kit and Krish. He stumbled a little in the change to lighter gravity. The other two steadied him.
"Alibi!" Krish's greeting came over his helmet com.
Alibi saw a flash and a puff of an explosion in the surface a few meters away, silent in the vacuum. He turned and spotted a security vehicle coming their way.
He saw another puff of exploding dirt, closer, eerily silent.
"Let's run for it!" Alibi said. He pointed at the oncoming vehicle to draw the other two's attention. "We're under attack!"
The three of them bounded across the lunar surface to the ship.
"Go! Go! Go," Alibi yelled over the coms, encouraging the other two. "Don't run straight! Zig-zag a little!"
Kit was first to the ship, meters ahead of the other two. 
Alibi was behind Krish, deliberately, trying to goad the older man to swifter action.
"Come on, Krish!"
"I'm... going... fast... as I can!" Krish gasped.
Krish stumbled.
Alibi pulled him back up with a little too much force, and the two sailed up off the lunar surface.
An exploding puff of dirt marked the spot where Krish had just fallen. They'd pulled up just in time. 
The security vessel was getting close.
Alibi tried to guide their descent. Their arc brought them down almost on top of the A.D. Foster.
"Kit! Pull Krish up and in!" Alibi called to the Dakhur, as he used the impact and bounce from their landing to propel Krish, with a push, into the A.D. Foster's airlock.
The push sent Alibi flying backwards to land on his butt in the dusty sands of the lunar surface.
As Kit pulled Krish into the ship, a flash exploded between Alibi and the A.D. Foster. Alibi saw the bigger ship's shielding react to the blast from the security vehicle, dissipating the energy. 
They'd only just missed him.
Alibi pushed himself up off the lunar surface, trying to get as much spring from the soft ground as he could, and propelled himself at the A.D. Foster's airlock.
His feet got hot as he fell in through the airlock door. Alibi looked down and saw his boots were melted a little on the outside. 
"They almost got me!" Alibi said.
"They hit the side of the ship," Krish said.
Kit growled. He was at the door on the other side of the airlock, working the controls.
"The outer door is not closing," Kit said. "I believe they have damaged it. So the inner door will not open, either."
"Watch it!"
Alibi jerked Krish back from the outer door as another flash lit up the airlock. Another blast from the vessel outside.
"Thank you, Alibi," Krish said.
"You're welcome," Alibi said. "Any ideas on the door?"
"Kit!" Krish called out. "Seal off and depressurize the section of the ship on the other side of the airlock. The door will then open!"
Kit went to work, calling up an extra heads up display panel to perform the more complicated task.
The idea worked. The inner door opened.
Kit dashed through, Krish behind him. Then motion caught Alibi's eye. He turned to see an EVA suited figure climbing into the A.D Foster's airlock behind him.
That security vessel must have landed!
They'll get in with me if I let them.
Alibi closed the inner airlock door behind him, turned, and triggered the com.
"Kit! Get to the bridge and lift off – they're trying to come on board!"
He turned back to the intruder, grabbed a bracing bar on the side of the airlock for support, and kicked them in the helmet, knocking them backwards. They bounced out of the hatchway, down out of Alibi's sight. He leaned forward to see where they'd gone.
A flash of light made Alibi duck back. Someone outside was firing in. Smoke puffed out of the top panels of the airlock ceiling.
"Kit?" Alibi called. "Get us out of here!"
"Working on it," came the response. "Soon!"
Not soon enough. 
Alibi saw the barrel of a blaster slowly rising over the lower edge of the airlock.
Staying out of its line-of-sight and close to the airlock wall, Alibi moved up next to the blaster. Whoever was edging up couldn't yet see into the airlock.
Come on, Kit.
Alibi lunged for the gun, trying to grab it from behind and pull it forward into the airlock. A violent red flash told him the blaster fired as he got a hold of it. He was fine, but there was another smoking hole in the airlock ceiling. 
He didn't have time to contemplate the hole. He pulled up on the weapon, still in the hand of the intruder, trying to smash the gun into the metal edge of the airlock door.
The gun's holder had other ideas. The intruder pushed up into the airlock, following his blaster, using Alibi's momentum to help propel his lunge. 
He tumbled into Alibi and they both went sprawling against the closed inner door of the airlock. The gun went tumbling, too.
Give me that gun!
The blaster made a lucky bounce off the airlock wall and into Alibi's grasp. 
The attacker was right on top of him. In his EVA suit, Alibi couldn't get a clean shot off at close range. Which became a moot point when another intruder appeared, climbing up into the airlock.
Alibi leveled the blaster at the new arrival and fired. He felt a brief, buzzing vibration through his glove, but the gun made no sound in the vacuum as it went off. With a red flash of light, a smoking hole appeared through intruder number two, and they fell backwards out of sight.
Alibi felt a greater vibration as the floor and walls began to thrum.
Great! That's the engines.
We'll be taking off any second!
Uh-oh!
Alibi dodged a head-butt from the helmet of the other attacker, still crowded into the back of the small airlock with him.  Alibi tried to push off from the back wall and plow the intruder out the door, but they slipped aside and pushed at him instead, doubling his momentum towards the open hatch.
Outside the hatch, the lunar surface vanished, replaced by stars.
Lift-off. Bad time to leave.
Alibi grabbed the bracing bar as he sped past it to keep from tumbling out. The quick stop jarred his shoulder but kept him from flying through the open door. He couldn't keep his grip on the blaster, however. The gun fell away.
The intruder came at him again.
Alibi used the bracing bar to climb up the wall to the ceiling in the low gravity, surprising his opponent by bouncing off the ceiling to come down on top of him.
Her. Now that he was grappling with them, wrestling in their EVA suits, he could see through the visor that his attacker was one of the women from the tunnel.
Who is she? Who are these people? 
I don't think they're regular security, despite the vehicle.
She bounced Alibi against the wall.
Strong woman.
He used the bounce to spring back at her hard. 
"Alibi?" Krish was on the com.
"Busy, Krish!" he managed, as he shot across the airlock. 
He crashed into her, knocking her into the wall on the opposite side, by the open door. She wobbled a little.
Might be dazed by that last one.
The intruder swung at him, a broad haymaker, but Alibi easily stepped back out of the way, and her arm swept through empty space. The momentum caught up with her, however, and she spun after her arm. 
She flailed, trying to regain her balance, twisting in her EVA suit towards the open hatch. She teetered on the edge of the airlock for a moment. Then, her slow spin twisted her out into open space, and away from him and the ship.
Alibi watched as she spun away. 
He looked down and checked his EVA suit. No leaks. Intact. 
Okay.
"I'm good," Alibi said, triggering the com.
"What happened?" Krish replied.
"Couple of unwanted passengers tried to board," Alibi said. "I asked them to leave. You know. Politely. They're gone now."
"That outer airlock door is indeed damaged," Kit's voice came over the com.
"What about the inner one?" Alibi asked. "It took a couple of hits."
There was silence for a moment as the cat-man checked the ship's diagnostics.
"It will work, but we have the same problem as before, with the pressurization."
"Can you do the same thing as before?" Alibi wondered.
"We can depressurize the system and let you in, yes," Kit said. "But we cannot repressurize a large section again with our current ship's resources."
Alibi checked his EVA suit's resources. There was still a healthy amount of atmosphere available.
"Fine," Alibi said. "Depressurize and let me in. I'll stay in my EVA suit. We can repressurize when we're next in an atmosphere or resupplying at a friendly port."
"Will do," Kit said. In a few moments, the inner airlock door opened, and Alibi finally made his way inside the A.D. Foster.
It had been a while since he'd been aboard his old ship. 
Isn't even really mine, anymore. 
Belongs to the whole Hornet's Nest family, really.
Still, as he looked around the section he was sealed in by virtue of the damaged airlock, he couldn't help but feel like he was almost home. 
Then, he recalled he wasn't going home.
Alibi walked up to the airlock that led from this section up towards the bridge. He could see Kit and Krish on the bridge, way up beyond the two sets of windows and doors, as indistinct smudges of color thanks to the subtle distortion of all the transparent layers in between.
"Hey, Krish," Alibi called conversationally. He saw one of the smudges move. 
"Yes, Alibi?"
"I'm back here at the airlock near the bridge," Alibi said. "Can you come back here?"
"Sure!"
The smudge moved again and grew larger, resolving into a familiar form as Alibi made out Krish's features. The old scientist opened the airlock on the other side, so he could walk up next to Alibi, with only the doors on Alibi's side of the airlock between.
"Are you okay, Alibi?" Krish asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Alibi said. He started to ask his question, then caught himself. "Thanks, Krish."
"You are welcome, Alibi," Krish said.
"You okay?"
"Oh, yes," Krish said. "I am good. Even a little excited!"
"What's up?"
"The Star Seed!" Krish said. "The real Star Seed. I've got an actual location for you! One of my sources came through!"
"Where are we going?" Alibi asked.
"Down to Earth! Are you familiar with a place they called Ay, no... Eee. Egypt, Alibi?"


Chapter Forty

Anita frowned. She was having trouble enjoying their late summer weekend getaway.
"You're thinking about him again, aren't you?"
"I can't help it, Bill. He's my son. Even if he's not, in name."
He smiled at her across the dinner table.
"I miss him," she said. "And I miss the Hornet's Nest. When can we go back? I need to put more work in on my Arboretum."
"Soon," Gentry said. "I need Constantine to cool down a little first. He doesn't like me going there. And? He's still angry over... other shit."
"Your pushback?"
"My 'pushback'," Gentry said, disdain in his voice. "As he called it."
"You had to say something," Anita said. "It's getting ridiculous. They're everywhere."
"I know!" He rolled his eyes. "Sorry. Didn't mean to get loud, it's just... it's frustrating. I used to be able to talk to Constantine. For some reason, now that I'm one of his Governors? He's listening to me less."
"I blame the Greater Tah," Anita said.
"Well, sure, they're a part of it," Gentry said. "But Constantine is only as good as the people he surrounds himself with. I don't like the current bunch. When he first got into office, we could work with him."
"Unlike his predecessors?" Anita said, arching her eyebrow as she posed the loaded question.
"One of them was impossible," Gentry said, playing along. "Real queen bi..."
"Don't go there or you're in the living room tonight," she said.
"Bee," Gentry finished. "I was going to say, 'real queen bee'... what did you think?"
"What do I think? I think you are a really bad liar, William Gentry," she said, and a giggle slipped out. She kind of hated he could get her giggling. And kind of loved it, too.
He smiled.
"I hope not," he said. "I need Constantine to believe me. Constantine still thinks I'm watching you for him."
"And you're not, right?" Anita asked, checking in fun.
"Nope, this idiocy is all on me," Gentry said. "Got a thing for powerful, intelligent women, turns out."
"And I like dangerous men," Anita said. "We all have our weaknesses."
"I love you, Nita," Gentry said.
"I love you, too, Bill."
"If Constantine ever heard me say that, he'd want me dead," Gentry said.
"Then let's be sure he doesn't," she said. She then looked around Gentry's luxury suite at the vacation villa. Plush. Well-appointed. 
It was fun stretching out and relaxing here by the ocean, far enough away from Depot's ports to be out from under the flightpaths of the constant traffic. But she couldn't help but feel that some part of the peace and quiet was merely an illusion. There was an edge to the calm.
"I'd feel better back at the Hornet's Nest, Bill," she said. "Safer."
"Okay," he said. "I'll see about wrapping things up here. Talk up hitting the road for a trip through the Depot Reaches. Plant the seeds for leaving."
"Good," she said. A thought struck her. She put down her fork. "I'll see you there, then."
"What?"
"I'm going to head back tonight," she said. 


Chapter Forty-One

After a few hours on the ground, Alibi, Kit and Krish had all grown better acquainted with Egypt and its unforgiving mid-August climate. Alibi was also growing tired of squinting. The bright sun and its glare off the desert sands made him squint even behind the shaded lenses he wore. Much like Mars, there was sand everywhere. Even so – he could in part ignore the squinting and the sand. But there was no denying the heat. 
It is hellishly hot!
Alibi wasn't used to temperatures like this. No one seemed to like them – the ruins were nearly abandoned at this time of day, as the afternoon sun beat down on the Necropolis. Alibi was surprised he hadn’t melted, or dried up and turned into ashes, as they climbed massive sets of stairs.
He drank more water as they took a breather, and looked around them at the reminders of humankind's ancestry, the crumbling stones, buildings, steps and sculptures, the oldest roughly four thousand years old. 
It wasn't just the sun.
The human race is funny. Here we have these massive monuments, tributes to human ingenuity and engineering from our distant past. But we're so fascinated by alien races, we're racing out to see their ruins, explore their past. While our own stands abandoned.
Or at least neglected.
"Weird how there's no one here," Alibi said.
"We could not do this if there were people around," Krish pointed out.
"True. Their neglect is our good luck."
Alibi walked ahead and found the hidden passage he was looking for. It was cut out from the stone stairs at an odd angle, playing a trick on the eye and obscuring the cutaway.
"Here we go," he said to himself. 
He turned back to Kit and Krish.
"Come on, up," he said. "It's inside. A hidden entranceway into one of the temples."
Krish had brought along Wands which he'd fitted with the tech that allowed them to scan for the bio-energy matrix signature of the Ancient Enemy. As he entered the hidden passage, Alibi's was lighting up.
Something – or someone – is definitely here!
Alibi followed the strengthening signal to an interior room of the complex. Long-abandoned, the room had filled with sand piled against the walls, blown in through two small horizontal open windows set high above their heads. 
His Wand pointed him towards a mound of sand piled up against the right-hand wall.
Must be in the sand.
Alibi began to dig, throwing handfuls of sand off the pile as he tried to find the Star Seed.
Kit entered the room.
"It is under the dirt?" Kit asked. 
"I think so," Alibi said.
Kit walked up beside Alibi.
"Hold on a moment, Alibi Jones," Kit said. "We Dakhur have a primitive digging ability which will allow me to clear this pile much faster than you. Will you allow?"
Alibi nodded.
"Sure."
"You will want to get out of the way," Kit said. "It can be a bit... frenzied."
"Oh, really," Alibi said.
"Perhaps stand back in the corridor?" Kit said.
He's not kidding.
Krish arrived as Alibi retreated to the entryway. Alibi held him back.
"It's up ahead. Kit is going to dig it out."
The cat-like Dakhur appeared almost canine as he crouched and began flinging back clawfuls of sand. He shoveled dirt off the pile at an increasingly faster rater, a kind of fur buzz saw, eventually revealing an ancient, human-scaled, stone obelisk knocked over on its side on the stone floor.
Alibi walked over, staring at the readings on his Wand, as Kit finished. 
All lit up.
That seals it.
Krish joined them.
"So. That's a Star Seed," he said.
"It is," Alibi said.
"Looks like a rock. A long, square rock," Krish said.
"Squared. But... more a rectangle, really," Alibi said.
Alibi shined his lightbar on the object to give Krish a better look.
"And it's been here?' Krish asked. "The whole time?"
"Yep."
"And no one noticed it?"
"Probably because it looked like a rock," Alibi said.
"It looks like... like one of those Egyptian grave thingies," Krish said.
Alibi remained silent but shined his lightbar around them to make his point.
"Ah, yes," Krish said. "This used to be Egypt, didn't it?"
"Used to? Still is, to the locals," Alibi said, laughing. 
"To think – people actually lived here," Kit said. "It doesn't look inviting."
"They call this place 'Luxor'," Krish said. "Used to be Thebes."
"They lived over there," Alibi nodded with his head back towards the bridges they'd walked across. "Over where the temples are, 'Karnak' and 'Luxor'. This? This was the Necropolis. Their city of the dead."
"No wonder it's spooky here," Krish observed.
"That may have been a good thing," Alibi said. "For us, I mean. There are a lot of obelisks knocked down and lying on the ground around here. This one wouldn't have stood out. And in the city of the dead, no one would have disturbed it. At least, not much."
"How do you know this is your Star Seed?" Krish asked.
"Look at the readings," Alibi said. He held up his Wand to show Krish the scan results.
"Huh," Krish said. "Well, it's either a Star Seed or there are many members of the Ancient Enemy hiding in front of us in plain sight."
"Yep."
Alibi reached out to touch the rock. A flood of memories and knowledge flowed in, as something about the object triggered Alibi's latent mental abilities. 
He could see things, smell the scents of the past, spices, death, decay. And he just... knew.
"Alibi?" Krish said. "Are you okay?"
"I just got... a burst of knowledge," Alibi said, "When I touched it."
"Ah, like that time you held the piece of the Eldred ship in my office, and saw their outpost," Krish said. "Remote viewing!"
"No, this was different," Alibi said. "Something like that, but more. Like, a whole download of stuff." He pointed to the stone. "I know its history, now. This is a Star Seed."
He knelt down next to it.
"This thing got moved around a lot," Alibi said. "Originally, they called it the Seed of Osiris. But some old pharaoh decided it wasn't grand enough for Osiris. Replaced it with a larger obelisk made of granite."
"They didn't know what they had, eh?" Krish said.
"Well," Alibi said. "In all fairness, it doesn't look like much. And by then, they had no idea Osiris had been real. At least, not real like a human being. They had no clue he'd really existed. Never mind that this had been important to him."
"Osiris was real?" Krish asked.
Alibi nodded.
"Turns out? He was one of the Ancient Enemy," Alibi said. "It's... a long story."
Krish looked around them. Shadows were deepening. Sunset approached.
"That's fine," Krish said. "It's getting late, anyway."
He studied the rock again.
"What are we going to do with it?" Krish asked. "It is bigger than I thought."
"Gonna steal it," Alibi said. "You still have the pack I gave you? You brought the anti-grav lifters. I've got a small cloaking device. Can I have the pack?"
"Of course," Krish said. He handed it to Alibi. "You're not worried? This is highly illegal, after all."
Now? This from him now?
"You're worrying about that, now?" Alibi said. "You brought me here, Krish! What did you think I would do? I don't think we can hang out here and study it. Besides – illegal to who? Nikko Constantine? His Greater Tah overlords? I don't answer to them. "
"Alibi," Krish started. He paused. He shook his head. "I guess I didn't think about... I didn't know it would look like this. Removing cultural artifacts? I don't like it. It feels very wrong."
Alibi looked down at the Star Seed, then away, his vision taking in the stones around them. He looked over at Kit.
"What do you think, Kit?" Alibi asked.
"There is truth in what Krish has said, but," Kit glanced down at the Star Seed, "this was never theirs," he said. "It is not from their culture." 
Alibi looked back at Krish, eye to eye. 
"He's right," Alibi said. "This belonged to the Ancient Enemy. Like you said – these Egyptians never knew what they had." 
"They certainly appropriated it though, didn't they?" Krish observed. "This was foundational. They made their own obi-what-evers and put them everywhere, didn't they?"
"Guess they recognized the power of the design," Alibi said. He squatted down next to the Star Seed. "Even when they'd lost track of the original one. Hey, where's that pack?"
"Oh," Krish said. "Here."
He handed the bag over to Alibi. 
"You knew I was coming here to do this, Krish," Alibi said, accepting the pack.
"I guess it's just... it is a little different. Now that we're here. But... okay."
Alibi took out the four anti-grav lifters and mounted two on each side of the Star Seed, near the front and back, while Krish watched.
Would be nice to have a little help here. 
But? I'm not going to push it. Don't know if I've convinced him, anyway.
Anti-grav lifters in place, Alibi lifted the Star Seed with remote controls on his Wand. 
He brought it up to float waist-high in front of them.
"Good lifters," Krish said.
"Not as heavy as it looks," Alibi said. 
Still.
"But yeah," Alibi said. "Good lifters." He smiled at the old scientist.
"Don't try so hard to 'charm' me, young man!" Krish chastised him. "I'm already with you! You and Kit made a good case. This isn't theirs."
Alibi started to answer, but Krish cut him off.
"It isn't ours, either."
"It will be," Alibi said. "Soon, anyway."
"Only in our possession," Krish noted.
Alibi slouched the pack off of his back and opened it to retrieve the cloaking device. 
"The Bender!" Krish exclaimed as Alibi took the thing out of his pack.
"Bender?" Alibi wasn't sure he'd heard him right.
"A light bender," Krish explained. "Another fine product of The Project, I'll have you know."
"Doesn't surprise me," Alibi said. "I'm kinda surprised you're surprised. You okay?"
Oh no.
"Why?"
"I got it from your cabin," Alibi said. "After you told me about it. But then you called it a Cloaking Device."
"Oh?" Krish said. He looked genuinely puzzled. Then, he cleared. "Oh yes! I'd forgotten, Alibi. Senior moment." He didn't look happy about it.
That can't be good.
"Don't look at me that way, Alibi," Krish protested. "I'm fine! I just... forgot. For a moment."
"A 'senior moment', yeah, I heard you," Alibi said. "Why don't you have the med unit give you a check-up when we get back to the Nest, huh?"
"Is that an order, Alibi?" 
"Does it have to be?"
"No," Krish said. He hung his head. "I'll do it."
"Thanks."
Alibi let the subject drop. He went back to work on the Star Seed, clamping the cloaking device – the Bender – onto the top of the floating stone. Then he powered it up. 
The air around the Star Seed flowed and rippled as if heated until only a shimmer was left – the stone was "gone". 
"The 'Bender' works pretty well," Alibi said.
"Now you sound surprised," Krish said. "Why?"
"I don't know," Alibi said. "Maybe the name. Didn't sound like it would work."
"It's built off of my Nullifier tech, of course it works!" Krish said, proud. "Although, I didn't name this one. So. No offense taken."
"I'm so glad!"
"Was that sarcasm?"
"Don't take offense," Alibi said. He smiled. "Let's go. Help me move this."


Chapter Forty-Two

"How do I look?"
"Superb, as always," Spears said. "But I'm no fashion critic."
Nikko Constantine checked himself out in the full length mirrorwall.
"You're my Propaganda and PR man, Justin," Constantine said. "One of my closest advisors, the media says. And since you feed them what to say, it must be true, eh? So, tell me – you think this looks both dressy enough and humble enough for my meeting with the Tah?"
"Again, you look superb, sir," Spears said. "You look fine for your meeting, from a human PR standpoint. Your dress is not submissive, but respectful. A balance well struck. You do not appear to be cowering, yet your dress offers no hint of aggression, either."
"Thank you?" Constantine joked. 
"You're welcome?" Spears said. "I don't know how the Greater Tah will receive you, however. I don't want to give you false confidence, sir."
"Don't bring me down, Justin," Constantine said. "Not now!"
"Sorry, sir."
"How long is it? Until they come?"
"You have another hour, sir."
Constantine stared into his own eyes in the mirror. 
"There it is. The face of the man who sold out humanity."
"You're too hard on yourself, sir."
"They'll be harder on me when they write the histories of this," Constantine said. "You can bet on it."
"But you're saving humanity, sir."
Constantine smiled. 
"Sure I am," he said. "I sure am. Aren't I?"
"Sure you are," Spears said. "Sir."
"You're no help with my wardrobe," Constantine said. "So why are you here, Justin?"
"It has to do with Alibi Jones."
"With you it usually does, doesn't it?" Constantine said. "What this time?"
"We've received word he's here. On Earth. Again."
Constantine didn't need to know Jones had just escaped Spears' people on the Moon. He'd not wanted to reveal Jones' previous excursion at the time, but felt forced to, now.
"Again? Why wasn't I informed before now?"
"We just found out about the last time. And that he's here now. I need your permission for extraction, he's in a high population area."
"On earth?" Constantine asked.
"Yes."
"What are you worried about? Collateral damage?"
"Of course."
"Don't. We'll blame it on him. He's got the balls to come here? Thinks he can sneak in right under my nose? Fuck him! I want him dead or alive, and I want him yesterday! Got it? You hear me?"
"Loud and clear. Sir."


Chapter Forty-Three

Even invisible, a ten-foot long, two foot wide stone obelisk was a bit bulky to manage and move inconspicuously. Alibi and Krish did the best they could, shepherding it along the road out of the Necropolis and back to the ship.
Kit was waiting with the cargo hatch open. Alibi and Krish walked up as if they were just happening by, and the obelisk floated invisibly into the cargo bay.
Perfect.
"Let's go," Alibi said.
Alibi followed the Star Seed into the cargo area as Kit took off for the bridge. After he walked into the cargo hold, Krish hit the controls for the hatch, and it closed behind him. He watched as Alibi de-cloaked the Star Seed, and let it settle to the deck. Then, the two of them followed Kit forward.
Kit had them off the ground and into orbit before they reached the bridge. Alibi and Krish strapped themselves into their seats and braced themselves for the Transpace Jump.
"Well, at least I'm coming back with a Star Seed," Alibi said. "Despite 'The Heretic' being a sham."
"What happened with that, anyway?" Krish asked. "You never really explained."
"Transpace Jump in thirty seconds," Kit interrupted with essential information.
"I'll tell you as we make our way from the Transpace point to the Hornet's Nest," Alibi said. "Ended up a prisoner of my half-brother, Hap. He thinks he's the Light. But my mother Ruth helped me escape."
"Ooo, sounds like quite a story," Krish said.
"Transpace Jump in five... four..."
"Tell you later," Alibi said.
"Two... one..."


Chapter Forty-Four

"What do you mean they aren't there anymore?" Justin Spears seethed at the com. "They were just there ten minutes ago!"
He cut off whatever pathetic response the man was offering. It didn't matter.
Jones got away. Again.
Constantine would not be pleased. 
But – no worries, really. Constantine was busy groveling for The Greater Tah, they'd keep him occupied for a while. They had the man on a mighty short leash these days. 
Unless Constantine brought it up, Spears might never have to mention to him that Jones had escaped. At least, not before he managed to capture or kill him. 
No need to bring it up.
But what was Jones doing on Earth? Either time?
Was it a Star Seed?
He bet it was.
Justin Spears aimed to find out.


Chapter Forty-Five

"I'm back!"
Alibi walked into the administration offices. Emily looked up from the desk in his office.
"Oh," she said. "Hi Alibi."
A few others looked up from their desks and nodded. Everyone went back to work.
"That's it?" Alibi said.
A few people shot glances back and forth, and some at him, enough for Alibi to know his subdued reception was planned. 
And he knew by whom.
Emily looked up again.
"What?" she said. "Oh. Oh yeah, you're right, I almost forgot... I told you so."
"Thanks."
"I got one," he said.
"One what?"
"A Star Seed," he said, and he frowned. She wasn't making this any fun at all, and she knew it.
"And we got a Finder – looking for his Star Seed," she said. "Almost got people killed."
"It's not his Star Seed," Alibi said.
"You tell him that," she said. "You can – he's still in custody. Grizz has him locked up."
"Really?" Alibi said. "Maybe I'll pay him a visit."


Chapter Forty-Six

"You know, I used to know a Vatican Assassin," Justin Spears said. "Well, my father did. Were you familiar with Bernard Campion?"
"Of course," the old man said. "But, then again, who wasn't?"
"I suppose that's true," Spears said.
"You didn't like him," the man said. A statement.
"No," Spears said. "You can tell?"
"Your tone of voice and your body language give away a great deal," the man said. "You speak without knowing how much information you are giving away."
"Really?"
"Indeed," the man said. "I have been trained in the reading of unspoken languages. The news carried on inflections, the betrayals in subtle gestures... many tell their entire life stories without realizing they are broadcasting their autobiographies."
"They should teach classes on that," Spears said.
"I have," the man said. "But you would not care for the rest of the curriculum where I teach."
"Or maybe I would," Spears said. "You might be surprised."
"No."
"No?"
"I am never surprised."
"Gotcha," Spears said. He was amused – the man liked his mysteries. "So, tell me, Father Ku... Kuolema?"
"Yes."
"That's an odd name," Spears said.
"It's Finnish," Kuolema said.
"You're Finnish?" Spears asked.
"I didn't say that," the man said. "I chose the word. From a piece of music I enjoy."
"Ah, well, that makes sense, too, I suppose," Spears said. "Things being what they are, and all."
"Yes, and let us get to 'things', shall we?" Kuolema said. "I was told you had something... precise. You needed done."
"A man in custody," Spears said. "I need you to remove a possible leak for me. Goes by the name of Finder."


Chapter Forty-Seven

"I can't believe you let him go!" Hap raged at his mother.
Ruth couldn't hear him. She had gotten adept at blocking him out, true, but this was different.
"Hap?" she said. "I'm going to have the baby. Now."


Chapter Forty-Eight

Business was picking up!
Katie never thought she'd be working for a Domo. Or that one of them would want to have one of the Greater Tah killed. But she wasn't going to argue with the paycheck. The Domo's offer was... generous. And another item for her resume.
"Yes, sir," Katie told the large being over the com. "You are correct. It is a new experience for me. I've never eliminated a Sec'Tah before. But if, as you say, he often is without his armor, maybe that will make this easier. I thank you for placing your trust in my services."
A soft chime from her Wand alerted her a deposit had been made to her business account.
"I have your advance, Corporolaneus," Katie said. "Thank you."


Chapter Forty-Nine

"We were told you tried to kill yourself again," the Xen'Tah said.
"Just a dramatic gesture," Constantine said. "Trying to get your attention. You don't respond to me otherwise. It's disrespectful."
"So, you are saying that you did not try to kill yourself," the Xen'Tah said, as it threw an old revolver down on the floor in front of Constantine. "With this?"
"Not exactly," Constantine said. He picked it up and flipped the barrel out. Empty. "I was playing Russian Roulette. You should try it some time."
"You almost shot yourself in the head," the Xen'Tah said.
"Yeah, but I didn't," Constantine said. "And, oh my God – let me tell you – you will never feel as alive as you do right after you pull the trigger! I mean, if you don't get the loaded chamber, of course. Better than sex. Riskier, too, I suppose that's the tradeoff. Although, some partners I've had, the enhancements? Well... danger is fun."
"You are not making sense," the Xen'Tah said. "There is a growing consensus among the Greater Tah that you are now broken, Prime Representative Constantine."
"You just don't understand human beings," Constantine said. "I don't think you ever will."
"You are supposed to tell us what to expect," the Xen'Tah said. "You did not prepare us for... this."
"I needed... something," Constantine said. "A release. Some escape. A little dose of freedom, even if it wasn't real. You people are a bitch to deal with. Your 'Order' sucks."
"Yes, you are broken," the Xen' Tah said. It said something in a strange tongue and two other Xen'Tah appeared. Constantine had never seen three together before.
The three Xen'Tah surrounded Constantine. Before he could protest, energy began flashing in different colored lightning bolts from the translucent skulls of each Xen'Tah to Constantine's head, saturating his brain with their arcane energies.
"We shall fix you," the Xen'Tah on the right said.
Inside his mind, Constantine screamed.


Chapter Fifty

With the Star Seed secured, supplies returned to storage, and a shave and some time in a real water refresher in his rooms on the Hornet's Nest, Alibi Jones began to feel more like himself again. He toyed with the idea of going to see Finder in his cell in Security. But there was something gnawing at him. So instead he called Kit and Krish, and asked them to join him at his office in an hour.
Krish yawned as he entered.
"Sorry!" Krish said. "A little tired. I guess it is good to debrief when everything is fresh."
Kit arrived a minute or so later, and glided to a seat at the conference table in Alibi's office suite without saying a word. He nodded to Krish, and then turned to Alibi.
"Thank you for meeting with me tonight," Alibi said.
"No Emily?" Krish asked. He looked over at the door, expectantly.
"She won't like this, anyway," Alibi said, with a shake of his head.
"No?" Krish asked. "So, this is not a mission debriefing?"
"Not exactly," Alibi said. "This is about me going somewhere."
"And you think that Krish and I will 'like this'?" Kit asked.
"I hope so," Alibi said. "You're all I've got."
"Ah. Playing on our sympathies," Krish said. "Even if it is true."
"I thought your days of taking off unannounced were over, Alibi Jones," Kit said. "That you were... maturing."
"Are you mocking me, Kit?"
"Perhaps."
"Okay, I deserve that," Alibi said. "But this... this is different."
"How so?" Krish asked.
"This has to do with Ruth," Alibi said. "My mother. My biological mother."
"What about her?" Kit asked.
"Well, I told you guys about how she was there, with Hap, when I was prisoner on Fortuna, right?"
"Yes."
"Uh-huh."
"Well," Alibi said. He paused. He didn't know how much to tell them. "Hap has... done things. To her. Violated her mind. And her body."
"Oh," Krish said, alarmed. "You're not saying he... oh."
Alibi nodded.
"I do not quite understand," Kit said. "But I do not like the sound of this. I do not think I need to know more."
"As I told you before – she helped me escape," Alibi said. "Who knows what price he's making her pay for that. But worst of all? When I left, she was pregnant. Really far along, too."
Kit growled. Alibi nodded again.
"I understand better now," Kit said. "I wish I did not."
"So," Krish said, with a long pause. "What do you want to do? How can I help?"
"Yes," Kit said. "I will help as well. In whatever capacity required."
"I want to rescue my mother."
"I don't think that would be wise, Alibi," Krish said.
"I'm pretty sure it wouldn't be," Alibi admitted. "I'm not sure I'll have a chance to ever do this, but... I need to make plans. I want to put something tentative together. With you, here. Tonight."
"I see," Kit said. "You want to make plans for something you are not sure you should do, or that you will ever do, but, you still want to plan to do it. Is that correct?"
"Sounds about right," Alibi said. "I don't know if I could sleep if I don't."
"I cannot claim to understand this, Alibi Jones," Kit said.
"That's okay, Kit," Alibi said. "It's probably a human thing."
"It may be a son's thing," Krish said. "I will help you plan, Alibi."
"Thanks," Alibi said. "Both of you."
They worked on it until Krish had to call it a night. The three of them were able to put some preliminary steps together, enough so that Alibi felt like he'd done... something. 
Kit stayed behind in the office after Krish left.
"Alibi," Kit said. He paused.
"Is there something else, Kit?" Alibi asked. "Something with our fleet?"
"No, not the fleet," Kit said. "The ship acquisitions have been done in a scattershot and piecemeal manner, to limit traceability, and so the returns are also a bit random, and stretched out over time. This means the process is taking longer than we might like, but also should not be leaving as evident a footprint."
"That sounds... amazing, Kit," Alibi said. "You're doing great!"
"That is not why I have lingered," Kit said. "I wish to ask you an odd question, Alibi Jones. Like you, I am troubled by something related to my family."
"You can ask me anything, Kit, go ahead."
"Do you ever feel like my brother is around?"
"Kat? Here?"
Kit nodded.
Kat died helping save Alibi's life by adapting Krish's Nullifier tech and using it to expel the bio-energetic matrix or "soul" of one of the Ancient Enemy who had taken over Alibi's body. But in so doing, Kat himself had accidently gotten too close to the Nullifier, and the effect disassociated Kat from his own body, killing him.
"I think about him a lot," Alibi said. "He saved my life, Kit."
"That is not what I mean," Kit said. "Not thinking. I sometimes feel... like he is actually here. Trying to talk to me. I turn around, because it feels like he has just called my name. But there is nothing there, and I know... I have heard nothing. It is quite... disconcerting."
"You miss him," Alibi said.
"Yes," Kit said. "And, no, it is more than that. I do not like to say this. But, on one or two occasions... I actually thought I saw him. Out of the corner of my eye. I would turn to look, and he would be there, for an instant, but then fade, and be gone."
"Sounds like he's haunting you, Kit, but... I don't believe in ghosts," Alibi said. "And neither did Kat. I don't think he'd haunt you even if he was one – it would prove he was wrong!"
"I do not believe in ghosts either," Kit said. "Yet this, I cannot explain. Except. I do wonder, though his body died... could his bio-energetic matrix still be here somehow? Floating free, because of the Nullifier?"
God – he could be.
"I never thought of that," Alibi said.
"And?" Kit said. "If that is the case, can we somehow get him back?"


Chapter Fifty-One

Early the next morning, Alibi wandered the corridors of the Hornet's Nest, lost in thought. He realized after a time that his steps had taken him near his Aunt Anita's arboretum. Even though she wasn't around as often, she had people on board the Hornet's Nest who took care of her indoor garden. 
Every so often, Alibi would stop by to breathe the greenish-dirt-smelling air, to think, and miss her. 
He decided to drop in and was surprised to find his Aunt there amongst her plants.
"Why hello, Alibi!"
"Aunt Anita? When did you get back?"
"Yesterday," she said. 
"How are you doing?"
She spread her arms. 
"I'm fine," she said. "It's the universe I'm worried about." She frowned. "Things are getting a little hot out there, Alibi."
"The Greater Tah?"
She nodded. 
"That weak-willed idiot Constantine is going to give them Earth and the Solar Alliance. Everything we fought for. It makes me sick, Alibi."
"I'm sorry, Aunt Anita," he said. "I wish there was a way to... I wish we could stop them. Drive them back or something."
I wish I could tell you what I've been working on.
"So do I," she said. "But we don't have the numbers to oppose them."
"Not directly, no."
Alibi walked past an orange tree. He grabbed a fruit from a branch.
"Can I eat this?" he asked his aunt.
"Of course," she said.
He began to peel the orange.
"Is... is he here?"
"Oh, for Pete's sake. You can say his name, Alibi," she said, pursing her lips. "No, Bill isn't here. Yet."
Alibi relaxed a little. He hadn't realized he'd tensed up.
"Another official visit coming?"
"Probably," she said. "The Governor can't travel as easily as I can."
"Let me know," Alibi said. "You two out in the open yet?"
"No," she said. "We can't be. At this point, Constantine would kill William."
His Aunt must have seen the thought cross his face.
"Alibi! Don't you dare!"
"I wouldn't!" he said. 
"But you thought about it," she said. "I saw it on your face!"
"Only for a second," he said. "Besides, you think Constantine would believe me?"
"Good point," she said. She sighed. "I miss you, Alibi. I wish you wouldn't let what I feel for Bill come between you and I."
"I'll work on that," Alibi said. "But I don't trust him, Aunt Anita. I worry about you. Worry he's playing you."
"Do you?" she asked. "Don't. I'm an experienced old lady, Alibi, I can worry about myself just fine."
"There are rumors out there..."
"Of course there are," she said. "They're supposed to be. It's our cover story. And, how Bill is playing Nikko Constantine."
"Or how Bill is playing you both."
She gave him her, "Really now, Alibi," look.
"Then I am enjoying being played," she said.
He looked down at the mess in his hands, happy to have a reason to change the subject.
"What should I do with this?" He held up the orange peel.
"Toss it on the ground under that tree there," she said, pointing out one near him. "It will get picked up for composting later."
"Just... here? On the ground?"
"Yes," she said, and laughed. "It's okay, Alibi."
"I'm not used to throwing the wrapper on the ground like that," he said.
"That's its peel. It's not a 'wrapper'. Go ahead."
He laughed. He did miss being able to just talk to his aunt.
"You know, Alibi, you're doing a good job," she said. "You took what I told you to heart, didn't you?"
"I did," he said. "But it's not me. Or, not just me. As soon as I started to put structure in place, people kind of rose to the occasion."
"Isn't that interesting," she said, in her, "Look what you're learning," tone.
"Turns out, people like a little structure," he said.
"And that is instructive, isn't it?" she said. "We all want freedom – we truly do. We crave it. But we don't want complete freedom. Well, that's not entirely true, there are always a few who really do. But a little structure makes most people more comfortable. You've removed a few big questions from their list of concerns and demonstrated they don't have to worry so much about the bigger picture. You see?"
"But you don't want to create too much structure," Alibi said. "Do you?"
"Of course not," she said. "You want to try to create a happy medium," she said. "You're doing well, so far, Alibi."


Chapter Fifty-Two

"He is demon-spawn!"
Hap was raging again. Mad at the world. Angry at Ruth. And ready to kill Alibi Jones. He was sermonizing at her again.
"Son of an assassin! He is now himself an agent of destruction! An Angel of Death!"
She didn't like it when he started to spit when he talked. It was a bad sign. And besides, he'd probably wake the baby.
"Heaven and Hell greeted many new souls the day Alibi Jones blew up Kismet," he said. "This might be able to be forgiven, in others. But not in a demon-spawn! He is not mortal! He must be destroyed!"
Ruth wished he'd save it for his church sermon. She'd heard it all already, so many times. 
Hap stopped. He looked at her.
"So many times?" He asked. "Am I spitting?!"
Ruth knew she needed to watch her thoughts better.
"Yes, you do, Mother," Hap said. But he did not squeeze her brain. Not too much.


Chapter Fifty-Three

"Good evening," Alibi said to the Security officer. She stood guard outside the room where they had the Star Seed stored. Grizz had someone guarding it 24/7.
"Evening, sir," she said with a nod.
Alibi found himself drawn to the Star Seed again and again. He'd had it locked away in a secure room near Krish's lab. Alibi could visit whenever he wanted, as could any of his top-level people.
He closed the door behind him. It was quiet in the room. Blue-hued lighting made it seem cooler than it was. Alibi shivered involuntarily. 
The worn stone obelisk lay on a red padded cushion on the floor. 
The information download it had given him when he first touched it made him wary of contacting it again. Instead, he stared.
What kind of power still hides inside of you?
Should we use that power? 
Should anyone?
Alibi's thoughts turned to Finder. He hadn't yet gone to see him in his cell. Grizz asked Alibi to give him some warning if he did, said Alibi's presence was likely to "set off" Finder. 
They were going to have to do something about him. Soon.
Strangest thing is that he came to the Hornet's Nest looking to kill Alibi before Alibi had actually found the Star Seed.
Maybe he assumed I'd gotten one by then. Or his gift let him know I would find one. Or? Somebody told him I'd already found one. And that I was keeping it from him. 
But who would do that?
Shit. Guess I'll have talk to Finder. Find out if someone sent him after me.
Alibi's Wand chirped an alert.
What's that? Oh. Aunt Anita.

"Thank you for coming, Alibi," Anita said, as he approached her in the Hornet's Nest ship bays' welcoming area. 
"You're welcome," Alibi said, determined to demonstrate how mature he'd become by not losing his shit. No matter how much he wanted to.
"I know you don't want to be here," she said. "But I think it's important for you and Bill to talk. You might have more in common than you know. This will be a good first step."
"Well," Alibi said. "I'm here. Although, I'm still not sure I'm ready to make nice with the local symbol of oppression. Even if he is your boyfriend." 
"Shush," she said. "You're slipping back into childish ways. You need to be a man, now, Ali. Sorry... Alibi. And you need to be here because he is the governor, and you are the head of the... do we call it a base anymore?"
"Everybody's just been calling it the 'Nest'," Alibi said. "Doesn't really feel like a base anymore, does it?"
"It's a small city," she said. "I didn't see this coming."
"And yet, they just keep on coming," Alibi said. He nodded at the passengers walking through the arrival area after disembarking from their flights into the Hornet's Nest.
"Bill should be in this group," she said, as she scanned the crowd. "There he is!"
She walked quickly towards the new arrivals.
"Bill!" Anita called out.
Alibi walked toward his aunt. He saw William Gentry sauntering through the crowd, two assistants carrying his luggage and other gear attempting to keep up with him.
"Hello, Anita," Gentry said. He gave her a polite hug. "Alibi," Gentry said, nodding at him.
"Hello, Governor," Alibi said. He extended his hand. "Welcome to the Hornet's Nest."
Gentry shook his hand and looked at him quizzically. 
"Thank you," Gentry said. He sounded suspicious.
"My aunt has been explaining that a little respect goes a lo... where's she going?"
"Anita?" Gentry called after her, as she'd turned and started running away from him and Alibi.
"I'll be right back," she called over her shoulder. "I think I saw someone!"

Anita didn't believe in ghosts, but she was almost certain she'd just seen one. He looked old. As old as he should be by now? Maybe. So... not a ghost?
Was he speeding up? She wasn't thinking when she turned and started to follow him, she just did. If Gentry hadn't called after her, she might not have said anything to him and Alibi. She chalked it up to shock, but there were other forces at work as well. He'd always had a certain something, a pull on her.
When she first spotted him, she'd thought their eyes had connected, but she then realized his were oddly empty. He walked by, staring blankly ahead. 
And now, here she was following.
Or trying to. Where did he go?
And why would he even be here at the Hornet's Nest?
If he was alive?

"That was strange," Alibi said, as the conversation came back around to his aunt running off.
"She's not usually that impulsive," Gentry said.
Anita reappeared, running back toward them through the crowd.
"I'm sorry!" Anita said, out of breath, as she rejoined them. "I thought I saw an old friend. Someone from The Project way back when. But I was wrong."
"It's okay, we did the small talk thing," Alibi said.
"We tried to talk about the weather, but you don't have any here," Gentry joked.


Chapter Fifty-Four

"Hello, Finder," the man said, coming into view outside of his cell.
"Who the fuck are you?" Finder said. "Where are the guards?"
"Napping," the man said. "And I'm Father Kuolema. But that doesn't really matter, does it?"
Kuolema turned off the force field barring the cell and blasted Finder in the face with what felt like a fine mist and smelled like mushrooms and dirt.
His face felt sticky.
Kuolema stepped out and turned the cell's force field back on.
"What'd you do?" Finder asked. His mouth felt weird. He lifted up his finger to his tongue. Sticky. Hard to pull his finger off it.
"Quickslime mold," Kuolema said. "Grows remarkably fast. Should fill up your mouth, nose, airways, sinus passages, all in seconds, now. No more air for you."
The man turned and walked away.
Finder tried to breathe in through his nose, but it was now blocked. He could feel the slime growing inside of his mouth, inside of his cheeks, on the roof of his mouth. He tried to scrape some out with his fingers and they got stuck to his lower lip. He couldn't pull his hand from his mouth.
He couldn't breathe.
He tried to dislodge his fingers and pull his hand away.
It came out! A thin whiff of air gasped through. 
Finder's throat then filled up with the quickslime, and again he couldn't breathe.
He wanted to get someone's attention, but couldn't yell. He looked around the cell for something he could use. 
The blanket on the bed.
Finder thought he'd could throw it at the force field. Maybe the resulting energy discharge would bring a guard. He rolled up the blanket and threw it at the force field. 
The blanket was apparently made of a material that didn't interact with the field, and it simply flew through it to land on the floor outside the cell.
He tried to pull in air, couldn't, he couldn't breathe.
His hands were blue. He could hear something pounding, now.
His heart, his heart was pounding in his ears.
He flailed around out of anger and frustration. 
He threw himself into the force field.
It bounced him back and knocked him to the cell floor but didn't knock him out.
He writhed on the floor for a few minutes more, a fish on dry land with gills full of sand. 
Then, Finder died.


Chapter Fifty-Five

"He's dead?"
"I'm sorry boss," Grizz said. "Someone got to him. Someone good. Hit him with quickslime mold, haven't seen that in a while."
"Ew,"Alibi said. "Wouldn't even wish that on him."
"Yeah, kinda gruesome clean-up," Grizz said. "Slow asphyxiation is no way to go."
"Someone didn't want him to talk," Alibi said. "Covering their tracks."
"Why?"
"Well," Alibi said. "I hadn't even found a Star Seed yet when he came here looking for me, and he assumed I had one, and was keeping it from him. His instincts are good, but I don't think they are – or were – so good they'd work in advance. So. Who told him that?"
"Oh, I see what you mean," Grizz said. "Good point."
"Can't believe he's dead," Alibi said.
"Sounds like you're sorry to see him go?" Grizz sounded puzzled. "He came here to kill you!"
"I know, it's just... I've known the guy for a while. And he wanted to kill me because he thought I'd betrayed him."
"Like that justifies it," Grizz said with a laugh. "Don't be too nice, Alibi!"
"Should I yell at you for letting this happen, then?" Alibi asked.
"Um... can I vote no?"
"Sure." Alibi smiled.
"No?"
"I'm not going to yell at you," Alibi said. "That's so not my style."
"Yeah, didn't think it was," Grizz said. "Or I wouldn't have stuck around here so long."
"Thanks, Grizz," Alibi said. "Let me know if you find out anything."
"Will do."
Grizz cut the connection.
So... Finder is dead. Huh.
Never even got the chance to talk to him.
An alarm on his Wand alerted Alibi to a meeting he didn't want to attend.
Guess I should get going.


Chapter Fifty-Six

"Alibi! Come here," Anita called from a table over by the "windows" of Buono!, the new Italian Restaurant down near the port. Inside, camouflaged video panels passing for windows showed a twilight outdoor scene in old Naples, Italy, on the shore of the Tyrrhenian Sea. A light, manufactured breeze wafted a hint of seaside air through the room to mix with tantalizing aromas escaping from the kitchen.
"Wow!" Alibi said, impressed. He smiled as he looked around and enjoyed and absorbed the room's atmosphere. A small frown hit as he momentarily thought of visiting Finder down on the ocean in Mar del Plata, and remembered he was dead now.
He walked through the room to his aunt's table, where she and Billy Gentry sat waiting. Gentry looked up from his menu as Alibi approached.
"Hello Alibi!" His aunt said.
"Alibi," Gentry said, acknowledging him. "How are you?"
"Governor," Alibi said, and nodded to him, "I'm good, thank you." He turned to his aunt. "Aunt Anita."
"Thank you for joining us," his aunt said. "I'm glad you accepted the invitation. Sit down, won't you?"
"I've been wanting to check out Buono!," Alibi said, as he took a seat. "Thank you for asking. How are you two doing?"
"Good," Anita said. "Although Bill never feels quite at home here."
"I like this place," Gentry said, looking around the restaurant. "I'm okay."
"When we started building these Forward Operating Bases, I had no idea I'd be living in one," Anita said.
"This was your idea?" Gentry asked.
"My administration's," Anita said. "We built ten. They abandoned half of them after I retired. Including this one." She frowned. "When Constantine and his goons took over."
"Well, it worked out to our benefit," Alibi said. He didn't say what he next thought.
You mean before you started dating one of Constantine's goons, Aunt Anita?
Ah... why ruin dinner?
They made small talk until dinner arrived, delicious, southern Italian cuisine. Alibi tore into his marinara and pasta with vigor. He didn't realize how hungry he'd gotten. Buono! even had sparkling water in bottles – Alibi liked the fizz. They didn't talk much after that as they each devoured their meal.
"It is nice to get away from Sharkovski," Gentry said, as talk turned toward world and current events after dinner. "His way of protesting my 'command' is to ask my opinion on everything. Death of a thousand cuts, or something."
"Bill," Anita said. Alibi knew that tone. "He's not that bad."
"You're right. At least he hasn't asked me which way to wipe – yet!" 
"Oh, William, that is disgusting, and at dinner? Really," she said.
"Sorry," Gentry said. 
"I was all set to hate him," Anita said. "After the way his people acted when they came after Alibi and I last year. There was no call for that. But he turned out to be nicer than I thought he'd be."
"He's a jerk," Gentry said. "Small-minded little prick."
"What do you really think?" Alibi said and laughed.
Gentry turned and smiled at Alibi. There was no warmth or humor in that grin.
"You get it, right?"
"Sure," Alibi said. "I've seen footage of the guy. Career military, buzz cut, no nonsense..."
"No imagination, either," Gentry said.
"Well, we didn't have dinner to talk about him," Anita said. "There are more important things we have to discuss."
Alibi got a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach. His dinner started threatening to rebel.
"Wait, no... you two aren't," Alibi began.
"Aren't what?" Gentry said, confused.
"Getting married?" Anita said. "No, Alibi. We are not."
"Hell no," Gentry said.
"You see?" Anita said. "You have nothing to fear. And you need to stop thinking about the world in such personal terms. It isn't always about you, Alibi. Or us."
"When were you last on Depot, Alibi?" Gentry asked.
"Few months ago. Just before last Christmas, I think."
"So, you didn't notice the presence of the Greater Tah back then, right?"
"No. I didn’t see any around."
"Well, they're there now," Anita said, cutting in.
"No one I know, except for the Prime Rep and his inner circle, like having so many of the Tek'Tah and Sec'Tah all over Depot," Gentry said. "All over everywhere in the Solar Alliance."
"I told you that you two had more in common than you knew, Alibi," Anita said.
"I'm wearing a small field scrambler, so we can talk a little here, but I don't want to go into any details in public," Gentry said.
"A small field scrambler?" Alibi asked.
"Started wearing it when your aunt and I got together, and I didn't want Constantine to know," Gentry said. "Since then, it's proven remarkably useful, and handy."
"I can imagine," Alibi said.
"Covers a radius about as big as our table here," Gentry said. "So, I can tell you one more thing, for now. But we need to meet in private later."
"Okay."
"I've received orders to the effect that... the Hornet's Nest will soon be informed of a permanent stationing by the Solar Alliance – and the Greater Tah – on the base."
"What!?!" Alibi almost shouted. "They can't do that. This isn't a public space! It doesn't belong to them anymore!"
"It did," Gentry said. "But they sold it to you, correct?"
"Yes," Alibi said. "Emily took care of it all."
"Well, there may be some stipulation in there about population growth and the S.A.'s right to assert more control," Gentry said. "Or at least they're making noises like there is."
"I'll have Emily look into that," Alibi said. "There's no way... is that why you're here?"
"Nah, not supposed to tell you about it yet," Gentry said. "Yet here I am doing just that. Surprised?"
"Yeah," Alibi said. "Thank you."
"You're welcome."
"See, Alibi?" His aunt said. 
"There occasionally comes a time when you recognize that someone you've been working with has made a deal with the devil," Gentry said. "And you must begin to figure out how to save yourself from getting burned alongside them." Gentry grinned that humorless grin again. "Clearly someone brought in a power he thought he could control, and that said power is now in control of him."
"And he wants to invade the Nest," Alibi said.
"The 'nest'?" Gentry asked.
"It's what folks are calling the place," Alibi said. "It isn't a base anymore, it's a home for people. It's my home." He frowned. 
How ready are we to defend ourselves?
"Can we meet privately later?" Anita asked. "Tomorrow morning sometime?"
"Of course," Alibi said. "My office?"
"How about your apartment instead? Less formal," his aunt said. "Less obvious."
"Sure," Alibi said. "Good idea. 10 am?"
"Sounds good," Gentry said.
After dinner, Alibi walked back to his apartment, deep in thought.
Was already worried about our defenses with the Star Seed here. Now this!
At least Gentry seems to have shifted some. Guess we can thank Aunt Anita for some of that. And Nikko Constantine's capitulation to the Greater Tah for the rest.
The Greater Tah.
Greater than what?
There's no way I'm letting the Greater Tah on board the Nest. Ain't happening.
Then the other thought came back again. The one that had been nagging at him.
And I need to go back and rescue Ruth. My... mother.
No one deserves that kind of abuse.
I'll kill "Happiness" if I have to... even if I'm not quite sure yet how.


Chapter Fifty-Seven

"Your man didn't take out Alibi Jones?" Constantine asked Spears.
"No, sir," Spears said.
"And you had to send a follow up to do the job?"
"No, he was sent to clean up the asset who was dumb enough to get caught," Spears said.
"And then you had him do Jones?"
"Nooo..."
"Why not?"
"He told me I couldn't afford his rate for that," Spears said.
Spears didn't tell Constantine the truth. Spears wanted to kill Alibi Jones himself. Or at least be there when it happened. He wasn't about to pay Father Death to do his job.
"We could afford it," Constantine said. "Easily. I'm sure. Alibi Jones is quite disorderly. The cost would easily be justifiable, in the interest of maintaining order."
"Not and keep it untraceable."
"Oh, good point," Constantine said. "Well, we are moving our forces out to Depot to stage the takeover of... excuse me, I mean the installation of our forces on... the Hornet's Nest. You could take care of Jones yourself, then. Keep it untraceable and orderly."
Spears tried not to show Constantine had startled him with that. He wondered if Constantine knew he'd held back with the hitman on purpose. Or figured it out. 
He found himself wondering about Nikko Constantine a lot, lately. Spears felt like he didn't really know him anymore. They no longer traded jokes. The man wasn't the same person he'd been. He had less personality – more order.


Chapter Fifty-Eight

They had done it! Hap knew they could. His big brains had figured out how to reconstitute a small amount of the Substance. They called him to report the news. He ran to the labs as fast as he could.
"We needed to find the proper protein medium to reactivate the original Substance, bring it out of its dried and dormant state," Doctor Ginny Krauft said. "Here's what we have so far."
She held up a large vial filled with a glittering, light blue gel.
Hap reached out and took the vial. He held it up to the light.
It was beautiful.
"What happened to the little bit of activated Substance we'd found?" Krauft asked. "Some of that would have helped to figure out the..."
"God required it," Hap said, cutting her off. He continued to contemplate the new Substance.
"Oh." She looked at Hap. He could hear her thoughts. Quite loud.
YOU TOOK IT? WOW. MAYBE THAT'S WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU.
He glared back at her.
"What?" She said. "What did I do?"
"What's wrong with me?" Hap said. "Maybe it's what is right with me! You should have thought that!"
He reached out with his mind-hand, as he thought of it, and squeezed her head. Her big brain.
"Ouch! You're hurting me," she said. "How are you do..."
The woman blacked out and collapsed to the floor. Blood ran from her nose.
"Doctor Krauft!" Her assistant, Doctor Leonard, came running into the lab. "What happened?" He ran to her side, kneeling down to see if he could help her.
"I don't know, she just collapsed," Hap lied. The man's thoughts were also loud. And wrong. 
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER? WHAT KIND OF MONSTER...
Hap squeezed Doctor Leonard's big brain, as he'd done to Krauft. Leonard collapsed next to his boss on the floor with his own nosebleed.
Hap reached out with his mind to try to soothe them. He could punish, but he could forgive and heal as well.
Except he'd squeezed a little too hard. They were both brain dead.
"Goddammit!" Hap said. He looked around quickly afterwards to make sure no one had heard him take the Lord's Name in vain like that. But he'd just killed his only means of making more of the Substance. At least he had the vial Krauft had given him, what she and Leonard had reconstituted before their untimely demises.
There was a lot more here than he'd used to enhance his mind. He could do more. And bring more souls to this heightened awareness of God's plan it had given him. And he knew the first soul who would benefit. His child! His son would grow wise beyond his years while still in his crib – this is how we bring on the Second Coming!
He couldn't let his mother know what he planned to do. But. She was with the baby all the time. He needed to distract her, knock her out or something. He had to be careful, though. He couldn't entirely trust his mental hand anymore. It did more than he wanted it to, was more powerful, and stronger than he intended.
He looked at the Substance. It seemed to almost glow with a light blue luminescence. Hap held up the vial as if he was consecrating the host at Mass.
"This is my Holy Communion," Hap said. "This is the Lord's New Covenant with His People. Those who receive this Host will truly be chosen ones. The Blessed."
He lowered the vial and looked down at the two dead scientists.
"You have given us much, and gone back to be with God," Hap said to the cooling corpses. "Thank you. Your sacrifice will not be in vain."
Hap dropped the vial into his pants pocket, then turned to leave the scene, already fixating on his plans.
"My son will be the first to live in this new Glory of the Lord!"


Chapter Fifty-Nine

Alibi welcomed his Aunt and Billy Gentry in for coffee in the morning at his apartment.
After a few niceties and a little small talk, they got down to the true business at hand. Gentry produced a security cube and turned it on, so the field would shield their conversation.
"Tell Alibi what you've been hearing, Bill," Anita said.
"There are a lot of people getting tired of the Greater Tah involving themselves in our affairs. We may see a couple of the colonies start to break away from Earth," Gentry said.
"Really? The Greater Tah won't like that," Alibi said. "They cannot have such disorder." He mocked their translator voices. "This cannot stand. There will be a war for order."
"There just might be," Gentry admitted.
"We will resist," Alibi said. 
"I should hope so," Anita said.
"I'm not even sure Nikko, er, Constantine, is even calling the shots any more," Gentry said. "He thought the Greater Tah would save his ass. Now, they own him. I can hardly get him on the com. And when I do? Guy's like a fucking robot. The Greater Tah own his ass."
"And ours," Alibi said.
"Not if I can help it," Gentry said. "I'm not a fan of answering to anyone. Never mind a bunch of lizard and crab people I don't know."
"But you thought 'Nikko' could save your ass, so you helped him get to this level where he could sell us out," Alibi said to Gentry. "That makes you an accomplice. You enabled the Greater Tah to infiltrate. This is your fault, you know that, don't you?"
Gentry stared at him.
"Alibi," his aunt said, some admonishment in her tone of voice.
Alibi wasn't backing down.
"Credit where credit is due, huh?" Alibi said.
"This is how you want to do this?" Gentry said.
"What?" Alibi said. "Address your responsibility for where we are now? You have a problem with that?"
Gentry sighed, stood up, and put down his coffee mug. He began to walk for the apartment door.
"I don't need this," Gentry said.
"Bill," Anita said, trying to call him back into the conversation.
"Rehash the past if you want to," Gentry said to Alibi. "That's not getting us anywhere."
Gentry kept walking out of Alibi's apartments. Anita stood up to follow him.
"That was not helpful," Anita said.
"Neither was empowering Constantine to sell out the human race," Alibi said. "I think, in terms of scale, I'm a lot more helpful than some people have been. Including you."
"Me?" Anita was shocked at Alibi turning the argument on her.
"You!" Alibi said. He was getting angry. "With all your talk of responsibility and leadership!" Alibi felt his ire rising. He couldn't stop himself. "And then? You abandoned both to go chase an asshole like that!"
Anita frowned at him.
"I'd hoped we could start working together," she said. "That's obviously not happening."
"I can't believe you trust Gentry!" Alibi exploded. "You are literally sleeping with the enemy, Aunt Anita!" 
She glared back at Alibi. Then, she whipped around and strode out of his apartment. The door whooshed back into place behind her.
If she could have slammed the door, she would have.
But she needs to see the damage she's doing.
Alibi looked at the silent, closed door to his rooms.
I can't believe she trusts that douchebag.
Hope my next meeting goes better.


Chapter Sixty

Alibi Jones, Krish, Doctor Shinosay, Emily and Kit gathered around the Star Seed. Shinosay was Krish's second; as the Hornet's Nest's Deputy Chief Scientist, Alibi decided to bring her in on the Star Seed. 
"I've asked you all to stop by this room over the last two weeks and sort of take this thing in," Alibi said. "Now I'm looking for your feedback. Any impressions?"
"It does kind of look Egyptian," Emily said.
No one else said anything.
"Did anyone touch it?" Alibi asked.
"No!" "Uh-uh." "Nope." A chorus of negatives in reply.
"I did, when we first found it," Alibi said. 
Murmurs.
"What happened?" Shinosay asked.
"It told me its story, in some ways," Alibi said. "And I've told you each a lot of that already. Well, Krish and Kit, you were there, you know."
"Yes, Alibi," Krish said. "Your latent abilities manifested themselves once again."
"Again?" Shinosay asked, confused by the reference. "What 'latent abilities'?"
"I saw this," Kit said, helping to explain. "When we were at Doctor Krishnavurti's lab, a few years ago."
"Saw what?" Shinosay wondered. "What are you all talking about?" 
"Alibi held a piece of the hull of an Eldred ship," Krish said. "And he could see in his mind's eye places it had been."
"I could see it when I closed my eyes," Alibi said, "And even when they were open, a little, sort of superimposed over my surroundings at the time. You know, like when you visualize something, picture it in your mind? Kind of like that, except more vivid. And I didn't think of it myself or visualize it – it appeared on its own."
"Well, you did concentrate on it, as I recall," Krish said.
"Yeah, I remember I had to focus, some," Alibi said. "But that came later – after it had appeared."
"So, the Star Seed did that to you, too?" Emily asked. "You saw where it had been?" She sounded skeptical.
"Oh! No," Alibi said. "Sorry. That was much different!"
"Really?" Krish said, surprised. 
"Yeah," Alibi said. "More directed. As if... it was like it was triggered by me, maybe by what Krish says are my 'latent abilities', and then it... it sort of came all at once? I didn't know any of it, and then I knew it all."
Maybe that was part of the Gift I was given under the mountain. I hadn't thought of that.
"Alibi?" Krish said.
"What?"
"You sort of spaced out there for a second," Emily said.
"I did? Sorry. My mind wandered."
"No out of body experiences until later, please," Krish said. "Let us stick to the matter at hand, eh, Alibi?"
Krish's attempt at humor was welcome. They laughed, and the tension eased among them.
"Been there, done that," Alibi said. "And I had to fight to get mine back! I'm trying to stay inside of this one, now."
"Please do," Kit said. "Do not let my brother's sacrifice be in vain."
"You know, Kit," Emily said, softening. "We all miss Kat. What he did for Alibi... he's a hero. I hope you know that."
"Yes," Kit said. "Thank you, again."
"I've thought a lot about what you said when you first joined us, Kit," Emily said. "I swear sometimes I feel like I'm going to see Kat, like he's just around the next corner. He was my friend, Kit. I miss him too. Even if, sometimes it feels like he's here, still with us." She frowned. "But I don't believe in ghosts or any of that stuff... I guess, what I'm trying to say is, as long as we remember him, he's really not gone, you know?"
"Thank you, Emily Brown," Kit said. "I, too, often feel like he is with me, still. It is hard to let him go, is it not?"
"It is hard," she said.
"So, then, Alibi – stay focused!" Krish joked, trying to lift the spirits of the room and move the conversation on. "Now," Krish said, "What was it you asked Alibi, Doctor? When he zoned out?"
"I asked about 'Gnosis'," Shinosay said. "The way Alibi gained his knowledge sounds like what the ancients described as Gnosis. A way of Knowing. Have you ever heard of Gnosis, Alibi?"
"No," he said, curious. 
"It was often described as, well... as you said – as knowledge coming all-at-once," Shinosay said. "A whole way of knowing.  And a gift from the gods. Or the universe, depending on your preferred metaphor."
A Gift. There it is.
Did he give me some sort of key to the Star Seed? 
So it would reveal itself to me?
"That sounds like what this was," Alibi said. "This... thing... told me its story. All at once."
"Okay," Emily said, exasperation and annoyance in her tone. "This is too far out and mystical for me. Talking rocks?" She looked down at the Star Seed, then back up at the others. "I'm a realist. I deal with numbers. Facts. All this woo-woo stuff is too much. There has to be a scientific explanation for this."
"Actually... there is science behind this," Shinosay said. "This sort of... learning."
"Oh, really?" Emily asked.
"Well, certainly," Shinosay said. "It's the way our Wands and devices receive their information, certainly, when you transfer data."
"Right," Emily said. "But we're not computers."
"No, but..." Shinosay said. "There were some left-brain, right-brain studies in the past that suggested the way each side processed information was different, the left analytical, the right symbolic. We are used to left-brain learning, which is incremental. Supposedly, right-brain learning, being symbolic, would be more instantaneous. This could be an example of that."
"I don't mean to get too esoteric," Krish said. "But I do remember reading something somewhere once that said the Egyptians learned that way – from their hieroglyphics."
"And you did say this looked Egyptian," Alibi said. "That is where we got it. In Egypt."
Emily stared back down at the Star Seed and pondered the information they'd just laid on her, all at once.
"That all sounds science-y," Emily said. "But I'm not sure I buy it. And I can tell you for sure I don't get it. But, go ahead. Maybe I will."
"That's how I knew this thing arrived on Earth something like a million years ago," Alibi said. "And? It was one of two. I think this one was the first, but the second came soon after."
"Two?" Kit said. 
"Well, that makes sense," Emily said. "I never understood that part, in history class. Why would the Flaze and the Domo work together? 'Cause they could each get a Star Seed."
"Right!" Alibi said. "That's what I thought, too. But now, the other Star Seed is gone, used up a long time ago."
"This thing told you that?" Emily asked.
No, it didn't. But I'm not ready to talk about my subterranean friend just yet.
"It's part of the information in my head," Alibi said, trying not to lie entirely. "It's why the Domo and Flaze alliance broke up – they found the spent Star Seed and realized there would be only one left for them. They could go to war or walk away with neither allowed to grab it."
Emily nodded.
"How do we open it?" Kit asked.
"What?" Alibi said.
"It seemed a simple question," Kit said. "If it told you its story... How does it open?"
There was a brief silence before Alibi responded, with some uncertainty.
"I don't know," Alibi said. "Not for sure."
"It didn't 'download' that into your head?" Emily asked. Alibi could hear the sarcasm.
"No," he said.
"Isn't that curious," Krish said.
Maybe I didn't get the key. Just sneak previews.
"So... touch it again," Emily said.
"What?" Krish said, shocked.
"I don't know..." Alibi hesitated.
"Maybe you didn't get it all," she said, "if it didn't come with instructions. You might need part two or something."
No one said anything for a moment, as they found themselves all looking down at the Star Seed, and then back up at each other.
"You think I should?" Alibi said.
"I don't know..." Krish said.
"It did not damage you to touch it the first time," Kit said. "Do you fear that it will, now?"
"I don't know," Alibi said. "I don't think so. But I don't know that for sure."
"We don't know what will happen, do we," Shinosay said. "Caution might be best."
"I know... some things," Kit said. "About Star Seeds. And I do not believe that touching one will hurt you, Alibi Jones."
Alibi stared at the rough stone obelisk.
"The knowledge of the Ancient Enemy," Kit said. "The ability to adapt and change to face the Greater Tah. These things lie inside of that rock object."
"Adapt and change?" Emily asked. "What do you mean, Kit?"
"There were two ways the Star Seeds worked," Kit said. "Most know of the long-term changes, the subtle alterations of DNA by the agents carried by the Star Seed. But there was also another agent contained within, a substance said to cause instantaneous alterations in those who came into contact with it, designed for the short-term, and for those races already well along their evolutionary paths."
"Yes, I hadn't heard of that short-term application at all," Shinosay said.
"Kit suggested we should think about using the Star Seed to alter humans to better take on the Greater Tah," Alibi said. "If we find that substance inside there."
"Oh," Emily said, in surprise. "I hadn't thought of that."
"I pointed out that the Xen'Tah and the Greater Tah were... kept in their place, by the Ancient Enemy," Kit said. "It makes a certain amount of logical sense that, if you were more like the Ancient Enemy, you might stand a better chance at putting them back in their place."
Emily turned to Alibi.
"And you agree with this?" she asked.
"Actually, no, not yet," Alibi said. "I'm not sure it will work as smoothly as Kit seems to think it will." Alibi looked around at the other four. "When I was being held by my half-brother, Hap – The Light – I saw what alterations can do to a person. I'm not sure he had a Star Seed... but he was ingesting something that gave him greater mental powers – telekinesis, telepathy, and other abilities."
"How could you tell?" Shinosay asked.
"I could feel him in my mind," Alibi said.


Chapter Sixty-One

 "He was so perfected, the Lord took him to be one of his Select," Hap said, trying to comfort his crying mother.
"How could you?" She glared at him through tears. "How could you?"
It was all Ruth had been saying since her new baby son died. Since the Monster poisoned and killed her baby while she slept and recuperated!
"How could you?"
"His soul was too perfect for this world, Mother," Hap said. "I heard him in my mind before he passed. He told me – I am perfected, and I go to God!'
"How could you?"
"We could not keep him here, Mother," Hap said. "He was not ours to keep! He is God's! He belongs to God!"
"How could..." She couldn't continue. Instead, she broke down into tears again.
Hap stood up next to her hospital bed.
"I'm going now," he said. "You need to understand God called our son... His Son home. You are wrong to put this on me. I gave him the means of his perfection! I am not a 'Monster'! I hear you, Mother!"
He wanted to give her brain a good squeeze, but that would definitely not be a part of God's plan.
Instead, Hap turned and walked away from Ruth, out of her room, and off towards the chapel. It was time he gave his Christians Soldiers some of the New Blood of Christ!


Chapter Sixty-Two

"I don't think we should use it," Alibi said. "I've never been a fan of altering people. Not technologically, and not with something this alien and ancient. And unpredictable."
"Well, certainly not indiscriminately," Krish said. "And what if this merely helps us become what we are evolving into, eh? You have developed more abilities than some, Alibi. Doesn't that suggest there is more to us to come? But, this is all still premature. We haven't even opened it yet."
"You're scared," Emily said. "Afraid."
"Damn straight," Alibi said. "You saying you're not?"
"No," she said. "But cautious fear is a new look for you, Alibi. You might actually be maturing."
"Oh, harsh!" He said, too loud. 
"And what about Katie?" Kit said. "She has been altered and augmented by her Rhoday. Yet she remains herself."
"Does she?" Alibi said. "I wonder."
"I do not," Kit said, matter-of-fact. "And neither should you."
I've always wondered about Katie, Kit. She never was the most stable person. Came down to where I couldn't trust her. Her personality wasn't consistent. I could no longer be sure if the parts of her I loved were real.
"You going to do it?" Emily asked.
"Sure," Alibi said. "Yeah. I mean, that's why I called you here, right?"
I still don't want to.
Alibi squatted down next to the rough stone obelisk. He stretched out his hands toward its surface.
There is something here. An energy. But it's... contained.
His palms and fingers hovered just off the stone below them.
He lowered his hands. The stone felt cold.
"Huh."
Nothing?
"Huh?" Emily repeated back.
Alibi looked up at her.
"I'm not ge..."
Alibi no longer knew where he was.


Chapter Sixty-Three

"Are you okay?"
Emily. That's Emily's voice.
Alibi opened his eyes. He was squatting down next to the obelisk, still touching it. 
Krish, Emily, Shinosay and Kit all looked at him with concern.
"You spaced out for about half a minute," Emily said.
"I did?" Alibi asked. "Felt longer to me."
How much can I tell them?
Alibi lifted his hands off the obelisk, but then placed his fingers back down in a pattern on the surface and thought the access codeword at the stone.
CRACK!
The sound of splitting stone echoed, slapped back off the walls like quick thunder. A rectangular shape fissured across the surface of the obelisk, from the midpoint of the stone down towards its base, under Alibi's fingertips.
He pushed with the tips of his fingers, and the stone inside the rectangle moved, sliding down and opening up a chamber in the obelisk beneath. A light blue glow lit the inner chamber of the stone.
No one spoke.
Alibi reached into the chamber and lifted out what looked like a brick-sized chunk of glowing crystal quartz.
"This is it," Alibi said. "The instantly transformative agency." He looked back inside. "As we assumed, the long-term release agency was discharged long ago." He shifted the glowing brick to his left hand and reached into the stone again. This time, he brought forth a chunk of obsidian, about half the size of the quartz brick. He held it up. "And this is the library. Although, we won't be able to access it all, not at once."
"No?" Krish asked. He sounded disappointed.
"No, it's designed to give a sort of progressive access, based on displayed knowledge."
"What, it tests you?" Shinosay asked.
"Yeah, in a way," Alibi said. He looked at the treasure in his hands. "We need to lock these away safe. Right now. Do you think our vault is secure enough, Emily?"
"Not the main vault," Emily said. "But that's why I had another one put in."
"You have your own vault?" Alibi asked.
"No," Emily said. She nodded at Alibi. "You do. It's built into the walls of your office."
"Oh," he said. "Thank you?"
"You're welcome," she said. "Had it done a while back when you were gone for a stretch. Thought it might be needed."
"It is," Alibi said, holding up the stones in his hands. The stones that weren't stones.
Containers. The small one full of an extinct race's ancient but advanced knowledge. 
The big one full of...
Alibi looked at the glowing blue brick.
Danger. Risk. Threat.
Or evolution? A defense against the Greater Tah and other, greater threats?
"What do you think it would do to us?" Krish asked. 
Alibi realized the others were watching him as he stared at the Substance.
"Change us," Alibi said. "Alter us irrevocably. Maybe mutate us on a genetic level – stuff it shouldn't be able to do. That we can't do." He looked down at it again before looking back up to speak. "They were trying to keep their race alive. Desperate times, desperate measures, all that. They poured their resources into this, put their best minds on it. This was the cutting edge of their tech – and they were already far more advanced than us. This could maybe remake one of us into one of them, with all the good and bad that encompasses. But we really don't know what it will do."
"Let's lock it up," Emily said.
"Indeed," Kit said.
Here," Alibi said, handing the two objects to Krish. "Hold onto these for a second."
"I don't kno... okay," Krish said, as he realized he had no choice.
Hands free, Alibi squatted back down next to the open obelisk. He touched two spots on the stone with his fingertips, and the open piece slid back and down and sealed into place with a THWAWP sound.
Kit volunteered his heavy-duty carrying bag for transporting the objects. Alibi set them inside, then hoisted the bag casually over his shoulder.
"Put it over your neck, too, not just your shoulder," Emily offered. "Makes it harder to grab."
"I don't know if this strap is long enough," he said.
"It is adjustable," Kit said. He helped Alibi lengthen the strap.
Alibi stood for a moment and tried to breathe in some deep breaths.
Think calm thoughts.
"Okay," Alibi said. "I want you all to walk with me to my office. We need to look casual. Nothing to see here."
"It is hard to remain casual when you say it like that," Kit said. "You are not making me feel casual, Alibi Jones."
"I'm sorry," Alibi said. "I am tense. Don't mean to share that."
"Let's not think about what you're carrying," Emily said. "Besides... there's something I wanted to show you this afternoon, but your call beat me to it. So, after we get those things locked away? There's a nice surprise to share with the rest of you."
"Ah, deflection, that's good!" Krish said. "Excellent tactic for distraction."
"Well, sure," Emily said. "But it's also true."
"Something to show us?" Alibi asked.
"Yep," Emily said. "So, there's something else to contemplate on our little walk here."
"Very good!" Krish said.
The five left the room with the Star Seed and tried to walk casually down the corridor. They nearly made it to Alibi's office without interruption.
"Alibi!"
Not now!
"Laurel," Alibi said.
Laurel Eden walked up from where she'd been waiting outside Alibi's office.
"Got a minute?" she asked, looking from Alibi to Kit, Krish and Emily and back.
"Not just yet," Alibi said. "Can you meet me back here in an hour?"
"Busy man," she said, again eyeing the others. Her brow furrowed before she smiled again. "Sure, I'll come back later. I see you're busy."
"Thanks," Alibi said.
What does she want?
Alibi watched her walk away.
"Ahem," Emily said.
"What?" Alibi asked, in protest.
"You know," she said.
Not really. Alien secrets? Sure. Know some of them. 
Women? Nope. Not a clue.
"Ms. Shapely Butt seems to rub you the wrong way, Emily," Krish said with a laugh.
Emily turned red.
"No, she doesn't," Emily said. "I don't care about her... at all."
"Okay," Krish said.
They walked into Alibi's office, turned on the security fields, and then Emily showed Alibi where his vault was hidden, behind a viewscreen built into the wall like a window. The screen had been there forever as decoration. Or at least since Alibi moved into the office, anyway. Now, it served as camouflage, too.
"Nice!" he said, as she slid the screen out of the way to reveal the vault – or large safe, really.
They locked away the glowing brick full of the alien Substance and the knowledge cube inside the small vault, and added extra required layers of identification, so only one of them could open it. Alibi let out a tense breath and felt his chest muscles loosen as the screen slid back into place, hiding the vault.
"Good," he said. "I feel better knowing those things are somewhere safe."
Emily shook her head. 
"You opened a Star Seed," she said. "You actually did it."
"What, it's just hitting you now?" Alibi asked.
"Yeah, I guess, kind of," Emily said.
"It was impressive, Alibi Jones," Kit said. "It appeared you knew exactly what to do. And you did it."
"You did space out for a minute, there," Krish said. "What happened?"
"I can't tell you," Alibi said. "Not yet. It's... I can't really say. I'm, you know, still kind of processing it."
When I figure out what happened? I'll let you know.
Maybe.
"Okay," he said, disappointed. "Perhaps later?"
"Maybe," Alibi said.
A moments' pause gave Emily a chance to remember.
"Oh, my surprise!" She piped up, excited.
"Yeah," Alibi said. "What's up?"
"I want you to come with me," she said. "I have something to show you!"
Emily led the others out of the office. Alibi secured the premises before following along.

Laurel Eden watched Alibi and company leave the area and resisted the urge to follow. She had her own business to attend to. Besides, she'd meet Alibi back here in an hour and try to shine up to him a little to find out more. 


Chapter Sixty-Four

"Where are we going, again?" Alibi asked.
"Krish brought you out here before," Emily said. "You don't remember?"
"Wait... you didn't!"
"What?" Emily said, with false innocence.
"The engines?"
She nodded and turned to keep leading the way to the now-functional station engine room.
"Engines?" Kit asked.
"Oh yes," Krish said. "We discovered the space for them, the planning, but no engines. Now? We have engines! Main thrusters, ready to go online. And Transpace Drives in place, if not yet fully functional... the size is a challenge."
Alibi recalled the large open spaces of his visit a couple of months ago as they walked into the Engine bay. Those spaces were now filled with two sets of tanks and conduits, piping and wiring, with small catwalks on both sides and in between, running past the larger elements down into the guts of the operation. There was little room left to move, but several maintenance workers were inside the works making adjustments.
"Beautiful," Alibi said. "They're huge!"
"And they work," Krish said. "They're for real!"
"We needed to beef up the assemblages for the attitudinal engines some," Emily said. "But they didn't need as much modification as we thought. So, we were able to get to building these ahead of schedule."
The Hornet Nest's Head of Physical Plant and Public Works Gardener Davison walked over from where she'd been supervising.
"Hi Alibi," she said. "Emily, Krish, Kit. You wanna do that other test today, Emily?"
"I do," she said. "Are we ready?"
"Just about," Davison said. "We're still analyzing the results from our earlier one. Wanna be sure we're not seeing any anomalies before we go again."
"Sounds good," Emily said. "How long?"
"Another twenty minutes?" Davison offered. 
"That long?" Emily asked.
"Well," Davison said, thinking. "Um..."
"You know what, that's fine," Emily said, before she could respond further. "I don't want to rush this."
"Okay," Davison said. "I'll be sure we're ready in twenty."
She walked off. Emily turned to Alibi.
"We're not ready just yet," Emily said. 
"So I hear," he said.
"Why don't we show Alibi and Kit how the Transpace Drives are coming along?" Krish said. "Then come back?"
"Sure," Emily said.
They walked down another corridor to a second, smaller control room to check out the Hornet's Nest's Transpace Drives, not yet completed. Alibi got the grand tour. They had been busy. He was surprised by the extent of the build out in just a couple of months.
"So, how do you test them?" he asked, as they returned to the larger control room.
"We build up thrust slowly and offset what we're creating in the new Mains in the old opposing attitudinal engines," Emily said. "Simple equal and opposite forces."
"We're not pushing them super hard," Krish said. "Not yet. We just want to be sure they work."
"And they do," Emily said.
"We're ready for the next test," Davison said as she approached them.
"Excellent," Krish said. 
"Great," Emily said. "This way." She gestured for Alibi to follow her into the control room.
Emily and Krish each went to a work station and began punching in commands.
"Engines are ready," Krish said. 
"Energy flow is a go," Emily said. "We've got plenty from the power plant, it's humming along."
"Okay," Krish said. "Let 'em rip! Well, a little."
Emily laughed. She nudged a control and the engines came online at low thrust.
There wasn't a lot to see in the demonstration. Alibi knew what to look for, as it was similar to flying a ship, except everything was on a much larger scale. He watched as the displays showed the new main engines build thrust. He glanced over at a secondary display and saw the attitudinal rockets were providing steady compensating thrust, keeping them immobile. He looked back at the readouts on the new main engines.
"They're working," he said. "Well done!"
Emily and Krish took the engines up a couple of ticks higher. The Hornet's Nest was so large they couldn't really feel the vibrations, but Alibi still imagined he could sense them through the soles of his feet. They brought the engines back down, and cut the power, completing the test.
"Well?" Krish asked. "What do you think?"
"I think I want to take the Hornet's Nest out for a spin," Alibi said. He laughed when he saw their expressions. "I don't mean a joyride! I mean, a real test. See if the engines really work. Actually let them rip, you know?"
"I told you," Emily said to Krish.
"And I agreed with you," Krish said to her.
"Am I that predictable?" Alibi asked.
"Yes," the other two said, nearly in unison.
"In this case, most certainly," Kit added.
Alibi smiled.
"I suppose so," he said.
"You know that won't be easy," Emily said.
"No, it won't be easy, I do know that," Alibi said. "It's a major operation. And we need to keep it hush-hush as we work to execute it. I don't want anyone knowing what we're up to. Especially not the Solar Alliance. Or my Aunt and Gentry."
"Who can we tell?" Krish wondered aloud.
"Each other," Alibi said. "Hector. Bob Bond. Grizz, Shinosay, Davison... that's about it."
"Management circle, then?" Emily said. 
"For now," Alibi said. "Yeah."
Alibi looked around the new control room.
It's a bridge, really. The Hornet's Nest is now a giant ship... can't believe they were able to pull this off!
Next? How about those Transpace Drives?
"You look... happy," Emily said.
"You sound surprised," Alibi said.
"You haven't looked like this in a long time," she said.
"I don't know," Alibi said. "Maybe it's because I felt tied down when I figured out everyone expected me to be in charge of this place. Trapped, kind of. But now, with these engines... this isn't a trap anymore. It's almost..."
"It's a ship, now," Emily said. "I can see that. You're more comfortable being in charge of a ship than... than a place?"
"I'm not saying it makes sense," Alibi said. "I was just trying to figure out why you thought I looked happy."
"Don't worry about it," she said, and laughed. "We don't have to analyze it."
As they both chuckled, Alibi and Emily's eyes met and locked together for a short eternity, before they both blinked and looked away.
What was that?
He looked back as she did, too.
"Thank you," he said. "This does mean a lot to me."
I could almost kiss you.
"What did you say?" she asked.
"It means a lot to me?" he repeated.
"No, after that," she said.
"I didn't say anything."
"Well, then, you thought it really loud," she said.
I could have.
"Yes, you could have," she said. Her eyes grew wide. "You didn't say that. Did you?"
"No," Alibi said. "And you heard me?"
She nodded.
"Kit? Krish? Did you guys hear me think that?"
"What?" Kit asked. "No, I do not think I heard your thought."
"No, I don't know what you're talking about, I'm afraid," Krish said.
Control. I'll have to be careful I'm not projecting my thoughts.
Alibi looked at Emily to see if she picked up that one. Didn't look like it.
"Can you hear my thoughts?" Emily asked, concerned.
"I don't think so," Alibi said. "I haven't tried to."
"Oh, okay," she said. "Good."
Trying to keep my thoughts to myself. I wonder if the contact with the Star Seed somehow enhanced my abilities. Or brought them out more?
So, then. What would the Substance do to me?
"Krish and I figured you'd want to test the engines in a bigger way once we showed you them," Emily said. "So, I've been attempting to calculate the least-dense path out of our present location."
"You have?" Alibi said, surprised. "That's great!"
"It's not consistently dense, of course," Emily said. "Each rock has its own orbit, its own trajectory. Those don't remain consistent, either, given gravitational forces, collisions and such. The pathways are always changing. I've fed all the information into the Hornet's Nest's computers. They're still calculating potential trajectories. It's gonna take a while."
"Even with the calculations, we will need some help," Krish said.
"How so?" Alibi asked.
"The projections so far aren't encouraging," Emily said. "They're just approximations, not navigable information yet, but none of them show a clear path. We'll need ships alongside to blast rocks away from the Hornet's Nest as we move. An external defense net, of sorts."
"We can get that help," Alibi said. "This is do-able!"
"There," Emily said. "Now you look happy again."
"Let me know when the math is done, and we can try to move this thing," Alibi said. "Then we'll plan our next steps."
"Will do," Emily said.
"I have to go for now," Alibi said. "But this... this is big! Thank you. Thank you both, so much!"
Alibi smiled as he walked out of the control room. Oddly enough, he actually was happy.


Chapter Sixty-Five

Alibi Jones spotted Laurel Eden waiting for him as he made his way back towards his office. She smiled. 
Wonder what's going on in that head of hers?
As Alibi had the thought, he could sense impressions coming from Laurel: She thought he was a good-looking young man. Not her type, really. She liked them taller, a bit more solid. But she could appreciate him all the same. And he looked happy, which always made people look better...
Maybe I don't want to know.
She called out as he approached. 
"Alibi!"
"Hey, Laurel," he said. "What can I help you with?"
"Can we talk in your office?"
"Sure."
He opened the door and gestured for her to go ahead.
"Have a seat."
"Thank you," she said.
She settled into one of the chairs in front of the desk.
"What's up?" Alibi asked.
"I'm running into trade problems with Depot," she said. "You should know. They're starting to go after people who base their ships here."
"How so?"
"They're claiming we need to pay extra fees to land on Depot, because it's not our home base," she said.
"We're supposedly in the Solar Alliance. They can't claim us as part of the Solar Alliance and then say ships based here aren't in it, that's out of whack," Alibi said. 
"Well, they tried it on me," she said. "Then again, no one there does me any favors anymore. I used to have all kinds of ins!"
Oh, let's not go there. I know who your ex is.
"Let me look into this, see if it's happening to other ships," Alibi said. "And if they try it on you again, tell them you're charging it to me and they need to speak with me if they want to get paid."
"You'd do that for me?"
"I'll do that for any captain and ship who base themselves here," Alibi said. "This is a tariff. A trade issue. A penalty on this base, this station. It's unacceptable."
The look she gave him was hard to read, and a little intense.
"You've changed, some," she said. 
"Really?" Alibi said. "How so?"
"You're... don't take this the wrong way, but... you're more grown up. Mature. Not trading on being the kid anymore."
"Is that good?"
"I don’t know," she said. "That remains to be seen. It's not quite as charming and endearing. But?" She grinned, and Alibi thought of a great cat about to feast. "It is more... um, let's call it charismatic."
"Really?" Alibi said. "Interesting. For me? It's more like everything is a giant pain in the ass. I don't feel 'charismatic'."
"But, you still feel," she said. "Don't lose that, Alibi. If it stops bothering you, if you stop feeling, you'll know you've lost it." She got up from the chair. "You care about people. You love people. Don't lose that."
Alibi stood up.
"I'll try not to," he said.
"Don't, no matter what happens," she said. "People can suck, Alibi. They betray you. I've told you that before. But don't let that change who you are." She shook her head. "Thank you for backing me up and not questioning me." 
"You're welcome," he said. "I was serious."
"I know," she said. She turned, and walked out of the office.
That was... weird.
Why was she really here?
I was going to ask her to help us with the project, be one of our ships, but something was off. 
Could I have read her mind and found out what she was really up to?
Can't start down that road.
Alibi told his assistant to contact Hector Ruiz. 
Let's see what Hector's heard about new fees.
"Hey Alibi!" Hector said over the com.
"Where are you Hector? You in-system?"
"Nah, in-flight," Hector said. "Out to Sterling. What's up?"
"Have you heard about Depot charging ships from Hornet's Nest extra landing fees?"
"What? The hell they are!" Hector said. "We aren't gonna stand for that, right?"
"So, you've heard about this?"
"Just now, from you," Hector said. "You're not calling to tell me this?"
"No, someone told me this," Alibi said. "And I wanted to know if you had heard about it, too."
"Oh, sorry," Hector said. "No. I haven't. That kind of stuff makes my blood boil. I wouldn't put it past Gentry, though, to be honest."
"Yeah, it might be a specific case," Alibi said. "Thanks for letting me bug you. Let me know if you do hear about anything."
"You betcha," Hector said. "Have a good day, Alibi!"
"See you, Hector."
The com clicked off.
Should I call them?
How badly do I need to know what's up?
Not that bad. I'm not calling her. Or talking to him. 
Have to wait and see.


Chapter Sixty -Six

Alibi looked over Emily's shoulder at the display upon which she was moving things around. She'd been able to get the math done in just a couple of days.
"So, as you can see, we've accounted for just about every rock in our neighborhood, or that passes through our neighborhood," Emily said. "And we can predict their movements out for almost a month and a half, now. Predict patterns and possible pathways for the Hornet's Nest."
She turned back and looked up at him.
"There are no clean routes," she said. "Any way we go, any time we go, we'll need to move some rocks out of our way. It's not going to be easy."
"So how is it we've been able to sit here so long, relatively unscathed?" Alibi asked.
"This asteroid belt is pretty old," Emily said. "It's built to a sort of equilibrium over the eons. There probably was a lot of smashing and crashing for a while, but in the distant geological past. It's pretty stable, now. Which leads me to another point..."
"Oh," Alibi said. "I think I see where you're going. If we move, we're not going to be able to just come back here and take back our place, are we?"
"No," she said. "And, yeah, that's where I was going. We're going to upset that ancient equilibrium. When we move, we're going to need to keep moving, and get out of this belt. There won't be any place to get back to, after we move."
"I see."
"So," she said. "We need to figure out where we are moving to, before we get moving."
"No turning back," Alibi said.
"So," Emily said. "Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Yes, I do," Alibi said. "We need to be able to move. Better we do it our way than have to scramble when under attack or something."
"Good point."
"Well, keep running the predictions and see if the patterns show us the best time to move," Alibi said. "I'm going to research possible new locations."
"I already know the patterns and the times," she said.
Of course you do. Because you're awesome.
He grinned at her.
"What?" she asked.
"You're awesome," he said. "That's all."
She jumped up a little and pecked him on the cheek. A little kiss.
"So are you," she whispered to him, before she sat back down. She turned back to the display.
"We get our clearest path every three and a half weeks," she said. "Next time it appears is four days from now. Next after that is four weeks."
"Four weeks at the earliest, then," Alibi said.
"That gives us some time to prepare," Emily said.
"And call in some ships," Alibi said.
"And some favors," she said.
"While we keep it hush-hush," he said. "That's not going to be easy. How many ships do you think we'll need to do this?"
"At least ten," she said. "Though I'd rather have twelve. Or more."
"We've got me, you, Kit, Hector, Bob," Alibi started.
"Not me," Emily interjected. "I'm going to need to be in here."
"Then, we've got four," he said. "So far."
"What about what's her name?" Emily said. "Ms. Whatever-butt?"
"Laurel? I don't know. She was acting a little weird the last time I saw her. Came to complain about new landing fees at Depot. But no one else knows anything about them."
"Could Gentry be targeting her?"
"Maybe," Alibi said. "They used to be an item."
"Really?! Wow, she likes them old, huh?" Emily said. She frowned. "I'm sorry, that just came out."
"No, that was my first thought, too, to be honest," Alibi said, and he laughed.
"You never stood a chance, then," Emily said. She laughed with him. "With ol' Ms. Shapely Butt!"
"Nope," Alibi said. "Although, when she was acting weird? She did say she thought I'd gotten more mature."
"Don't tell me that," Emily said. "Not when you just told me she likes older men."
"Still – I'm not her type if she loved Gentry," Alibi said.
"Well," Emily said. "Invite her to help anyway. If she's here. But do it closer to the actual move, so she doesn't have a lot of reaction time, just in case she's up to something. If she's a part of our project that last week, our behavior won't seem suspicious to her. And it'll keep her close by, where we can see what she's up to. And who knows? She might be able to help."
"Okay," Alibi said. "We'll keep her in mind, then. Can you think of anyone else?"
"That assassin friend of yours?"
"Katie?"
"She the one with that anthromorphic alien armor?"
"That's Katie."
"Her, yeah."
"She'll do it if we pay her," Alibi said.
"Then we pay her," Emily said. "Does that buy her confidentiality, too?"
"Should."
"So, that's six, right?"
"Right."
"We're getting there," she said. "Does your Aunt Anita fly a ship?"
"No!"
"Why so upset?"
"I'm not talking to her right now," Alibi said.
"Heh. See, if Ms. Shapely Butt heard you there? She wouldn't be finding you more mature. At. All."
"I don't care," Alibi said. "She's not acting very mature. At. All."
"Ms. Shapely Butt?" Emily teased.
"No, my Aunt!" Alibi said, a little louder than necessary.
He looked around, a little sheepish.
"Sorry," he said.
"She's following her heart, Alibi," Emily said. "I kinda respect that."
"You do?"
"I do," she said. "A mature, established woman like her, deciding she was done working for everyone else and indulging in some me time with a younger man she dug? After everything she's done in her life? She's earned it."
"You think so?"
"Yeah, Alibi, I do," she said. "And if you weren't so stubborn you could see they've been making overtures to you. I've seen it. You really need to pull your head out of your ass when it comes to your Aunt. What? Why are you smiling?"
"I love how you call me on my shit," Alibi said. "That's all."
"That's all?"
She got up from her chair and faced him. Inches away.
"Are you sure that's all?" She said in a soft voice.
"All what?" he asked.
"All you love. About, you know... me."
"Did I say lo..."
Emily cut him off by kissing him, leaving Alibi no choice but to join in.
Then, he stopped and pulled back, and looked down.
"What's wrong?" Emily asked.
"Nothing," Alibi said, looking back up, into her eyes. 
"Is it that time-travel stuff again?"
When Alibi antagonized the time-traveling Devrizium, they declared war, at one point attempting to exile Alibi into a dead-ended timeline where he was an old man, married for years... to Emily. A different Emily in a different timeline, but somehow, still, the same as the one now in his arms.
Alibi didn't know what to say.
"It is, isn't it," Emily said. "I can tell."
She broke away from their embrace. 
Emily paced across the control room and back.
"I feel like you're blaming me for something I didn't do!" She said, too loud.
"I'm not 'blaming' you for anything," Alibi said. "I'm just... now that this is happening, between us? I'm not sure I want to live a predetermined life. It feels confining."
"Confining?" She frowned. "And how is this predetermined? You don't know that."
"I grew old with you," Alibi said. 
"In that other timeline," she said. "But what are you so worried about? Has anything in this timeline happened the same as in that one?"
"Not really, but... I hate being forced into anything."
"Am I forcing you?" She was getting angry, now, he could see that.
"No! You're not! Please don't be mad," he said. "You are innocent. And awesome!"
She smiled for a fraction of a second. He saw it. Then she frowned again.
"I am mad," she said. "You're impossible, you know that."
"I'm sorry," he said. "This can be hard. Mostly, it's faded, but there are times I remember. This whole set of phantom memories returns, a lifetime's worth – longer than I've lived here, now, for real. But you're right – nothing in this life has really gone the way it did in that one."
"You see?" She stared at him to make her point. He nodded. 
Her frown lifted, but Emily didn't smile.
"I hope you do," she said. "So... go somewhere else and think about it for a while. I don't want to see you right now, and I have work to do here."
"Okay," he said. "I am sorry, Emily. I'll try to get my shit together on this."
"Please do," she said. She turned back to the display and began poking at entries in front of her, ignoring Alibi away. He decided not to push her and made a quiet retreat.
Alibi found himself lost in his thoughts as he left the main engine section and walked back to his apartment through more familiar corridors.
The other lifetime is only part of it. 
I can't tell her the other part.
She's been... warming up to me... ever since I touched the Star Seed.
And, since then, she's been able to hear me when I think "out loud".
So, I have to wonder...  worry...
Is this real? 
Can I be sure I'm not doing this to her? Because I wanted it?
Could I have made her fall in love with me?


Chapter Sixty-Seven

"Onward, my Christian Soldiers!"
Hap was training his elite troops, those who had passed the test of the new Blood of Christ and had been found worthy of carrying on the fight for the Lord in this world. So many had been called back to the Lord in this last month. Hap had been surprised by how many God called home. 
Still, these men and women, these five had passed the test to stand by his side.
They went for a stroll through town. That could have gone better. Hap decided it was God, testing them. Training them. God wanted the many souls they may have accidentally sent back to him! And the others agreed.
He could feel them. They were now – connected, somehow. Through the Power of the Holy Spirit. The others agreed. Martin was on his left, as was Tina. On his right strode Benjamin, Kai, and Janus. Warriors for the Lord!
Where is she? Is she there? 
Haps' mind reached out to find his mother.
Ah. Good.
She was still there, in the hospital. Still alive.
It is good, you check on your mother – the thought came from Kai. The others agreed.
"She has always been favored by the Lord," Hap said, and he made the thought real and pushed it out to the others, and then they agreed.
"Always favored," they said together, in chorus.
"Always favored," Hap said.
Hap worried a little about Martin. Martin was strong and could easily see into the worst parts of people's minds. He could see what he called Original Sin in everyone, their sickness, depravity and disease.  And so, he purified them, and wiped their minds clean of sin, leaving them brain dead, catatonic, in the process. He had been "purifying" people throughout the town. 
Hap was very sure he couldn't allow Martin to see into his mind.
"A ship is coming," Benjamin said. 
"A ship?" Hap said. 
"Yes, I sense them, too," Tina said. "They're coming to see you."
Hap tried to scan for the ship with his mind. It was not one of his gifts to locate things, and he couldn't feel them.
"Do they mean us harm?" Hap asked.
"I don't think so," Tina said.
"They want something," Benjamin said. "I don't think they are good people. But they do not mean to harm us. They want to use us."
"God will not allow them to harm us," Martin said. "I see this."
"Thank you, Martin," Hap said. "Shall we go meet them?"
"The man's name is Justin, or Julius," Kai said. "He comes from the Solar Alliance. And he comes to ask for our help to fight Alibi Jones."
"Oh, really?" Hap said. "Then maybe they can be of use to us. Let's go talk to our visitor."


"Yes, Nikko?"
"Do you have them?"
"We do," Spears said. Constantine glared at him over the com. Spears could see a Xen'Tah in the background. They were always around Constantine these days. Way too many of them. 
The Sec'Tah already creeped him out. When the Xen'Tah showed up, it was clear Constantine had been outmaneuvered. Classic bait-and-switch. This is who we are. Oh wait, didn't we tell you? These are our bosses. Meet the new boss. Not the same as the old boss.
All that made it easier for Spears to stay out in the field. He didn't mind hopping from planet to planet if it preserved what little freedom he had left under the Greater Tah's yoke. Even if it meant dealing with mental monsters like this bunch on board now. 
His freedom also gave him the chance to make new arrangements for acquiring his Star Seed without attracting undue attention, to activate his back-up plan. Pricey arrangements, but they should pay dividends. Always have a back-up plan.
Constantine seemed to believe Happiness Michael Kim's offer to assist them was worth pursuing, and sent Spears off to Fortuna to get him and his people. It was a return trip for Spears who'd been to Fortuna a couple of years ago trying to find a Star Seed. Old records and rumors showed one had been on the planet. But if it had been there, it was long lost and forgotten. Dead end.
"Bring them to the rendezvous point," Constantine said. "One of the Xen'Tah commanders will meet you there and take them on. Is their shield holding?"
Spears involuntarily touched the circlet of unknown metal he wore on his head like a thin crown. 
A gift from the Xen'Tah, it was supposed to shield him from mental attacks and keep his thoughts from 'leaking out'. The Xen'Tah said it was old, well-tested tech, from back in the days when they needed to protect themselves from the mental powers of the Ancient Enemy.
"Seems to be," he said. But Spears wondered how much it was telling the Xen'Tah about him. Could he be certain it wasn't functioning on another level for the Xen'Tah while it protected him from people like those 'Christian Soldiers' sitting back in the passenger section? Spears didn't think he could trust the Xen'Tah not to take the opportunity to spy on him. 
After all, it's what he would do.
But? If it kept Hap and his band of merry men from squeezing his brain like a grape between their mental fingers? All the better. He could live with the overlords peeking in if the shield kept his thoughts from leaking out and kept the mental monsters from liquefying his brain so it leaked out, too.
"Captain Spears?"
One of them was on the com from the passenger section.
"Hold on a second, Nikko. One of them is paging me."
Spears muted Prime Representative Constantine.
"Yes?" Spears answered the com.
"It's Hap," he said. "May I come up and speak with you?"
"What?"
"There's been a... problem," Hap said. "Can I see you a moment?"
"Sure," Spears said. "Give me a minute, okay?"
"Sure."
What the hell did he want? 
Spears turned the Prime Rep back on.
"What was that about?" Constantine asked.
"I don't know yet," Spears said.
"Keep them in order!" Constantine barked back.
"In order as ordered, my orderer," Spears said. He sighed.
"Constantine out!"


Chapter Sixty-Eight

"This is going to work," Alibi said.
"I'm glad you have such faith," Emily said.
It took a number of heartfelt com calls, a couple of hard-headed business dealings, and some good people stepping up, but Alibi had managed to bring a team of sorts together. He looked out across the faces in the conference room waiting for him to begin the briefing. Hector, Bob, Grizz, Kit and Katie knew why they were there. The rest of them were about to learn.
"Thank you all for coming," Alibi said. "And for agreeing to help me. Without knowing what I was asking for, what I needed you to do. That's... that's big. Thank you for trusting me on this."
"Your aunt said you wouldn't have asked if it wasn't important," Billy Gentry said. "Seemed about right. So, we're here. Though I am surprised at some of our company."
Alibi nodded at him. Laurel Eden started laughing.
"You mean me, William?" Laurel said. "Why not? Next cargo run is in five days. Alibi said he needed me and my ship for something for a day or two, I got the time, figured it's at least gotta be interesting."
"You won't have to deal with each other after this briefing, so if you can keep the peace for a few minutes, I'd really appreciate it," Alibi said.
"Fine," Laurel said.
"Go on," Gentry replied.
"For those of you who don't know our head of Security, this is Grizzly Yakamoto," Alibi said. "Grizz is a pilot, too, it turns out."
"Hey," Grizz said.
"And this is volunteer Hong Chenshan," Alibi said. "I asked Grizz for a short list of folks who might join us and not leak out word of what we're going to be doing. Hong was at the very top. Thank you for agreeing to join us."
"You're welcome," Hong said. "This is quite a team you've assembled. I'm honored and humbled to be a part of it."
"No, thank you, Hong," Alibi said. "Again."
Alibi turned to the other new volunteer. 
"Also recommended, Darleeka Jennar," Alibi said. "Katie tells me we can trust you. And she says you're a pretty talented pilot, Darleeka."
"Please, I go by DJ," she said. "Happy to be here. Thanks, you know, for having me. This is quite a crew. I'm not used to breathing such rarified air."
"Katie Ramsey, Kitrafgrundlerrrrralllkazzzh, Hector Ruiz, Bob Bond, Laurel Eden, Billy Gentry," Alibi said, quickly going around the rest of the table. "And you all know Emily Brown?"
Emily nodded at a few people as they replied yes.
"Emily is a genius who's helping us pull off this project," Alibi said, smiling at her. "Krish, Doctor Krishnavurti, is a certified genius, too. He's here helping as well. Thank you, Krish."
"You are welcome, Alibi!"
"So," Alibi said. "As for this project... some of you are wondering what this is."
Alibi Jones looked around the room. He wondered how they’d take this information. 
"We are about to move the Hornet’s Nest," he said. "And you’re all going to help us."
The gasp came from DJ, clearly shocked. Hong looked surprised. So did Laurel. Gentry grinned and nodded at him. The others all knew this was coming.
"You and your ships will surround the Hornet’s Nest and deflect any rocks, any asteroids, or other debris that flies our way as we try to move this station." 
"You’re calling this a Station, now, are you," Gentry said. 
"Well, it’s not really a base anymore," Alibi said. "Not with the new engines and all."
"You do know you're in the middle of an asteroid field, right?" DJ said.  "It's damn tricky just trying to fly in here!"
"We've plotted the orbits and trajectories of all the rocks in this area," Emily said. "Found a sort of path of least resistance for us to follow out of here."
"But it's still not a clear path," Alibi said. "So we'll be out there in our ships, surrounding the station, blasting the rocks that are coming too close, to deflect them out of our way."
"I'll load our projections into your ships' navigation systems," Emily said. "You'll know when the problem rocks are coming, and where to hit them to knock them out of your way, and ours."
"You'll still have to be vigilant out there," Alibi said. "There could be debris and other rocks we haven't accounted for. Nothing is perfect, and we won't pretend we are."
"I would have liked to have had twelve ships to do this job," Emily said. "But we can make do with ten."
"I'll be out in front in the A.D. Foster," Alibi said. "Thank you for letting me fly the Foster again, Kit."
"You are welcome," Kit said. "I have brought out my old one-seater Dakhur light fighter for the purposes of this project."
"Excellent," Alibi said. "You and DJ will be on the starboard side of the Nest. Hong, you'll be with Hector on the port side. Grizz, you and Gentry will be topside. Katie, we'll have you stern-side – you're probably our best shot, which we need with just one ship back there. That's true for you, too, Bob, you'll be bottom-side with just the Librecampista II. And Laurel, you'll be up front with me."
"Bob and Katie, you're each on your own, but the projections don't show as much activity in your sectors," Emily said. 
"And you're going to move the place?" Gentry asked. "Just like that?"
"Just like that," Alibi said.
"What are you going to tell the people inside?" Laurel asked. 
"We'll have an emergency lockdown drill," Alibi said. "Close the main bay door. Then go."
"So, no ships in or out?" she asked.
"Not while we're moving."
She nodded.
"Where are we going?" Hong asked.
"That's a great question'" Alibi said.
"You always know someone is about to bullshit when they say, 'that's a great question'," Laurel said.
"Thanks for that vote of confidence, Laurel," Alibi said. "I won't BS you. We don't have a final destination chosen yet. And while the main conventional engines are complete and fully functional, the Transpace Drives are not yet operational. So, for now, we're going to move in-system, but out of the asteroid belt. There is a relatively debris-free orbit a little closer in to the star. We're going there."
He looked at Laurel. She glared back for a second, then looked away.
Why the attitude?
"We are trying to keep this quiet, which is why we're only briefing you the day before we're going to do this," Alibi said. "I can assure you, some of us have been working on this for a lot longer."
"Naturally," Gentry said. "You built fucking engines."
"We built fucking engines," Alibi said. "Well, Emily and Krish did. I just asked for them."
"I do not believe you asked for us to build fucking engines, though, Alibi," Krish said. "To clarify."
Alibi smiled.
"We've put the plan together in a briefing file that will be loaded onto your ships' computers along with the plotting and planning projections for your navigation," Emily said.
"Take a look at the plan tonight," Alibi said. "Sleep on it. And let me know if you have any questions in the morning. Then? Head for your ships and get ready for high noon, Nest time – that's when we'll go."
"Noon?" Hong said. "Gotcha."
"Thank you, everybody," Alibi said. "Talk to you tomorrow."
Gentry lingered after the meeting. He pulled Alibi aside when it was the two of them and Emily left.
"You sure you can trust Laurel Eden?" Gentry said.
"No," Alibi said. "I'm not sure I can trust you, either."
"Maybe you can, maybe you can't," Gentry said. "But you can trust that when I said I was going to do this, your aunt said I better make sure nothing happens to you. So even if you don't trust me, you can trust in that."
Alibi frowned as he considered it.
"I don't trust her much right now," he said. "But I know my aunt doesn't want to see me get hurt."
"You see?"
"Maybe," Alibi said. "You don't think we can trust Laurel Eden? Is that why you broke things off with her? You can't trust her?"
"She broke things off with me," Gentry said. "But that's neither here nor there."
"Really?" Alibi said. "She told me you dumped her. It was a litany of things... she lost her crew, you dumped her, things on Depot got bad... And you're now charging her extra fees, she said, on Depot. You've really got it in for her!"
"Extra fees? For what?" Gentry said.
"Landing? Bays? Stuff like that," Alibi said.
"She said that?" Gentry said. "Well, pretty clear who's really talking the bullshit around here. Maybe playing for your sympathy, I don't know."
"So, you're not charging her more?"
"I'm not," he said. "Maybe it's a shakedown Sharkovsky is running, but that doesn't sound like him. He's a bastard, but he's clean."
"Man," Alibi shook his head.
Hard to tell who to believe.
"Look, Alibi, all I'm telling you is watch out," Gentry said. "Fine if you don't want to trust me, I get that. But don't trust her, either. Watch your back."
"I will," he said.
"She said she lost her crew?" Gentry said, as the thought arose again.
"She did," Alibi said. "They went home to Dakhur when the Greater Tah took over, to help their families."
Gentry laughed. At him.
"How many Dakhur outside of the control of the Greater Tah have you known to go back under their thumbs!?" Gentry said. "Well, I mean, if any of the Tah had thumbs. Tentacles? You know what I mean. They all try to stay free!"
"So her crew didn't leave?"
"I think her First did, actually," Gentry said. "I heard about that because it was so rare that it happened."
"So one of her crew did go back there," Alibi said. "And an important crewmember, too."
"True," Gentry said. "The good lies are always couched in a little of the truth."
Gentry actually smiled at Alibi.
"Truth is, I'm glad you asked me to do this," Gentry said.
"You are?"
"Gives me a chance to show you that maybe we can work together after all," Gentry said. 
"We'll see," Alibi said.
Gentry started to go, and then stopped.
"Have a good night, Alibi," he said. It looked like he was going to say something else but thought better of it. He let a quick grin cross his face, then turned and walked out of the briefing room.


Chapter Sixty-Nine

Emily found Katie and DJ in the galley. The original mess hall for the Hornet's Nest now served as a sort of company lunchroom for those who worked for the Nest, and Katie and DJ were enjoying a meal there as a perk of working on the new project.
"Mind if I join you?" Emily asked.
"Sure, sit down," DJ said.
"Where's Alibi?" Katie asked.
"I don't know," Emily said.
"You mean, you two aren't a thing?" Katie asked.
"You were almost finishing each other's sentences," DJ said. "Cute."
Emily hoped she wasn't blushing. She didn't think she blushed. And she was never cute. Hated that word. Maybe she shouldn't have sat down with these two women.
"We are not a thing," Emily said. "Sometimes, I think we might become a thing. Other times, I'm just not sure. He... he gets weird about things."
"Don't I know it," Katie said.
"You?" DJ asked Katie, surprised. "You and Alibi Jones?"
""We had a thing," Katie said. "A while ago now. He... well, he saved my life. Maybe a few times. But? I'm not really a people person. Relationships and me don't mix. I don't want anyone depending on me. Or want anyone to think I'm depending on them. His Aunt's a bit much, too," Katie said. "She's his mom, don't let the 'aunt' thing fool you. She raised him."
"She can be a lot, but... she hasn't been around that much lately," Emily said. "She's hooked up with Billy Gentry, of all people."
"Really?" DJ said, surprised. 
"I would not have seen that coming," Katie said. "So that's why he's here."
"She likes the bad boys," Emily said. She laughed.
Katie stared at her for a moment. Then she burst out laughing.
"What's so funny?" DJ asked.
"You'd have to know her," Katie said. "Alibi's 'Aunt Emily'."
"That older guy at the briefing, that was the Billy Gentry, then, right?"
"Gentry?" Emily asked. "You mean, just earlier?"
"Yeah," DJ said. "Not just a guy with the same name? That's... that's kinda what I thought. I was, like, thinking, 'same name as the Governor, wow, that must be annoying.' But then? It's him."
"Yup," Emily said. She laughed. "Heh. Krish calls him 'Governor Godfather'."
"And he's on our side?" DJ asked.
"Let's hope so," Emily said.
"So, what is Alibi up to tonight?" Katie asked again.
"I really don't know," Emily said. "Probably just hanging out at home. He said he wanted to be left alone." She was a little annoyed to be asked again, so she changed the subject. "Are you still Assassining? How's tricks?"
"Please don't ever call them tricks," Katie said. "Again."
"Sorry," Emily said. She tried again. "How is business?"
"Fine," Katie said. "I'm building my reputation. One job at a time."
"Don't suppose there's any other way," Emily said. She turned to DJ. "Are you an assassin, too?"
DJ laughed. But Katie spoke first.
"We're called 'bounty hunters', Emily," Katie said. "DJ here is more of a mercenary. Professional soldier."
"Oh, really?" Emily said. "I used to be a grunt! SAIF. Regular infantry."
"No kidding," DJ said. "You seem way too smart to be a grunt."
"Thanks!" Emily said. "I think."
"Heh," DJ smiled. "I suppose us smart grunts figure out how not to be grunts rather quickly."
"Intelligence is never appreciated in the infantry," Emily said.
"I don't know, DJ," Katie said. "If you're so smart, why aren't you going for the big bounty hunter dollars?"
DJ grinned.
"You've already discovered the problem there," DJ said. "There may be big bucks. I don't see you rolling in dough, but, sure, maybe there are. But how many jobs are there? Bounty Hunters go after single individuals, usually. You're working one-by-one-by-one. Always chasing the next job. And in competition with others. Who also happen to be professional killers. Tough crowd." 
"Yup," Katie said.
"But, there are always wars going on – people always need soldiers," DJ said. "Plus, I don't have some fancy alien, wrap-around killing goo at my command." 
"Please don't call the Rhoday Substance 'goo', DJ," Katie said. "They are my sentient partners. And they want you to understand - the substance is simply their physical manifestation – they're mostly energy beings."
"Energy beings who also do things like rip apart Sec'Tah," DJ said. Her eyes went wide. "That was pretty sick."
"What?" Emily asked. "A Sec'Tah?"
Katie frowned.
"We shouldn't talk about this," Katie said. 
"What?" DJ said. "She's a soldier. One of us!"
"You killed a Sec'Tah?" Emily prodded Katie.
"Can't discuss it," Katie said. "There's, like, a code."
"I can – backed her up on her last job – we have complimentary skills, work together some," DJ said. "You should've seen it. The goo...ood Rhoday Substance shot about seven pseudo-arms off her. Each one grabbed a limb of the Sec'Tah, or its head – and pulled."
"The Rhoday went a little... overboard," Katie said, relenting a little. "After I pictured the way we pull apart lobster and crab legs to eat them."
"Ew," Emily said, visualizing the kill.
"As impressive as they are, I'm still not sure I could wear the Rhoday around the way you do," DJ said. 
"I don't 'wear' them, though," Katie said. "This is coexistence. Not a wardrobe choice. And not just a weapon, either."
"Yes," DJ said. "Well, you and your coexisting  partners can do some scary shit."
Emily yawned.
"I'm sorry," she said. "Just realizing how exhausted I am from all the planning and everything." She stood up. "Thanks for letting me hang with you some. Good to know a fellow grunt, DJ!"
"See you tomorrow, grunt!" DJ joked.
"Goodnight," Emily said. "See you both tomorrow."
"'Night," Katie said.
Emily left the table. As she walked away, she heard Katie. Again.
"What do you suppose Alibi Jones is up to?"
Emily rolled her eyes.


Chapter Seventy

"Who is it?" Alibi asked the door alarm.
"Laurel Eden," came the response.
"Open," Alibi said.
The door slid open. Laurel was standing outside.
"Hey," Laurel said. "Can I come in?"
"I kinda want to be alone right now," Alibi said. "Is it important?"
What is she doing here?
"Maybe," she said. "Depends on your perspective."
"Okay," he said. "But just for a few minutes, okay?"
She walked into his apartment and the door slid shut behind her.
"Security, lock and alarm," Alibi said. "So, what do you want, Laurel?"
She stepped up next to him and unzipped her flight jumpsuit down past her navel. Then she took his right hand in her left, and guided it to her skin, to her side, the curve of her breast, and with her right hand she reached up behind his neck and pulled him towards her to kiss him hard and deeply.
As she let up on the kiss he drew away a little, let his hand slide off her breast but he kept it on her side. He looked her in the eyes.
"What are you doing?" he asked her.
"I want a fresh start with you," she said.
"Like this?"
"Like this," she said, and leaned in to kiss him again. He returned her energy this time, so she shrugged the jumpsuit off her shoulders. Alibi's hand slid up, his thumb playing across her hardening nipple, his other hand on her back. She reached over and pulled down on the zipper of Alibi's jumpsuit.
He broke off the kiss.
"We shouldn't be doing this," Alibi said.
"Why do you say that?"
"I feel guilty," he said.
"Why? You're not seeing anyone, you said." She looked him in the eyes. "Are you?"
"No."
"Not Emily?"
"No!"
"Well, it's just... it's clear Emily likes you, anyone can see that," Laurel said. 
"They can?"
"Well, yeah," she said. "Or maybe other women see it. But that shouldn't make you feel guilty."
She zipped the jumpsuit down past her hips and leaned in and kissed him again. With a little shake, the jumper fell off the rest of the way.
"Come on," she said, breaking off the kiss, but holding onto his hand. "Where's your bedroom?"
"Down that hallway," he said.
She pulled him by the hand. With her naked skin glistening with a hint of perspiration, she led him down the hall to the bedroom. 
She does have a shapely butt.


Chapter Seventy-One

Laurel wasn’t there in the morning when Alibi woke up. With her gone in the bright light of day, the night seemed like a dream. A hot and steamy dream.
What did I do?
He hit the refresher to get ready for the big day ahead. Laurel dominated his thoughts. 
How serious is she?
Was it just a fling? 
Or is she going to want to move in or something?
How will Emily take it?
Who says she has to know?
Why do I feel so guilty?
Where did Laurel go?
He sent her a good morning over the Wand. Then Alibi dressed and headed up to the Control Room to wish Emily and the team staying inside the Nest during the move good luck.
"Hello Alibi," Emily said. She sounded cheerful. Hopeful.
"Hi Emily," Alibi said. "Ready for the Big Move?"
"You sound different," she said.
"I'm pumped up for today, I guess," he said.
"No, that's not it," she said. "Doesn't matter." She frowned. 
What does that mean?
He turned away from her a little, so he could address everyone.
"I just wanted to wish everybody here Good Luck today!" Alibi proclaimed in a loud voice, so everyone in the Control Room could hear him.
"Thanks." "Thank you, Alibi." "Thank you." The folks around the room responded.
He smiled and turned back to Emily.
"I'm going to head to the A.D. Foster and start running through checklists," Alibi said. "Have any of the other pilots checked in yet?"
"Not yet," she said. "But it's early."
"Let me know as they do, then," he said. "Try to stagger their departure times so they aren't all obviously working together."
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," Emily said.
"See? Same wavelength!" Alibi joked.
"I don't think so, Alibi," she said. She frowned again. "Just makes sense."
"Okay." He found himself frowning and tried to smile. He got halfway there, and then turned and walked out of the Control Room. He was tempted to turn back and look up behind him as walked away to see if there was a big glowing sign that said "GUILTY" hanging over his head. 
The way Emily was acting. It's like she knew. As soon as I opened my mouth.
What did I say?
He pulled out his Wand. No reply from Laurel, either.
Great start to the day.
He headed down to the private ship bays for the Foster and saw his Aunt Anita standing with Gentry. They spotted him before he could avoid them. He waved and walked over. He needed to play nice, for now. He needed Gentry to pilot a ship.
"Good morning," Alibi said as he approached.
"Cap'n Gentry reporting for duty," Gentry said, and he mock saluted Alibi.
"William," Anita said, in that tone of voice that only needed your name to communicate volumes of displeasure. Alibi knew that tone all too well. Truth be told, he kind of missed it.
"Anita," Gentry said back, gentle but stern. She ignored him.
"You just missed that unpleasant woman," Anita said.
"Laurel Eden was just here," Gentry said. "Heading to her ship."
"Oh," Alibi said. 
That seems deliberate. 
Not a great sign.
"Alibi?" His aunt said, his name a question.
"You got a thing for her now?" Gentry said.
"William," Anita said again.
"I suppose you could do worse," Gentry said. "Though watch out, the woman only really loves cash money. I don't know. Maybe you should go for her."
"William!" Anita sounded authentically angry, now.
"What? It would stop her from bothering us!"
"You think so? What if she went after poor Alibi just to bother us? Show up at family functions and dinners?"
"Stay away from her, kid, she's trouble," Gentry said. He winked at Alibi.
Yeah. None of this is too creepy.
What have I gotten myself into?
"I'll remember that," Alibi said.
"Be careful out there, Alibi," his aunt said. "And please watch out for William. I've asked him to do the same for you. I know you two have many differences. But for today, please watch each other's asses. You're the most important beings in my universe. Do it for me, okay."
Alibi nodded.
"Promise me," she said. "Both of you. Now. Say it."
"I promise," Alibi said.
"Me too, I promise," Gentry said.
"That you'll look out for each other," she said. "Say it. Say you'll promise to look out for each other."
"I promise I'll look out for him," Alibi said.
"I promise I'll look out for him," Gentry said. "You happy with that?"
"Yes," she said. She smiled. "I wish either of you meant it, but it's at least a start."
"I'll talk to you over the com, next," Alibi said. He walked off down the row of bays towards his ship.


Chapter Seventy-Two

"We are clear," Hong said over the com. "Moving into position."
"Okay," Alibi said. He keyed in the Control Room. "Hong is clear. Initiate the Emergency Drill."
The Nest's Emergency Drill would close the Main Door that led to all of the ship's bays, and shut down external communications, allowing them to begin the Big Move without anyone inside knowing.
"Emergency Drill initiated," Emily said from the Control Room. "Main Door closing sequence countdown started. Closing sequence initiates in thirty..."
She counted it down to zero.
"Main Door closing sequence starting."
Alibi and the A.D. Foster, perched in space in "front" of the Nest, before the side they designated the bow of the Station, had a clear view of the giant door as it began to shift and close. The door moved so slowly at first, it was nearly imperceptible, but it sped up as it went, until it again began to slow its progress nearing closure.
"Main Door closed," Emily said over the com, confirming the visual evidence.
"Begin main engine sequence," Alibi said.
"Main Engines are powering up... now," Emily said. 
Now I wish I was back there, so I could see those engines start to glow.
"Okay," Alibi said. "Everybody check in with me again." He looked over at the Goldenrod. "Laurel? You ready?"
"Ready, Alibi," she said.
"Hong, you in position yet?"
"Almost, Alibi."
"Hector, you see him?" Alibi asked.
"We have a visual," Hector said over the com. "He's coming along the port side now."
"Get on up next to Hector, Hong," Alibi said. "Kit? How are things starboard?"
"We are here, Alibi," Kit confirmed over the com.
"DJ, you there?"
"Still right here, Alibi," she said. 
"You two have visuals on each other?"
"Check," DJ said. "That's a cute little Dakhur light fighter you got there, Kit."
"I see her ship," Kit said. "Thank you, Deeee Jay."
"How are things topside, Grizz?"
"Good to go, Alibi," Grizzly said. "I see Gentry here, too."
"Yep, Gentry checking in," he said over the com, before Alibi could call on him. "And I've got visuals on Grizz there, too."
"How are things on the bottom, then, Bob Bond?"
"On the down low? Flying solo?" Bob said over the com. "I'm bored enough to rhyme, but I'm here. Um, at this time."
"Bobby, that is really bad poetry," Hector cut in.
"Very bad," someone else chimed in.
"This is how you people do this shit?"
Alibi thought that was DJ. 
Can't let this get out of hand.
Gentry broke my authority, the bastard.
"Get it together, Bob, no more rhymes," Alibi said. "You're distracting Hector."
"Sorry, Alibi."
"We almost got through this," Alibi said. "Let's go back to Gentry. Gentry are you in position?"
There, you bastard.
"Right where I told you I was, Alibi."
"Grizz, can you confirm a visual on Gentry's ship?"
"Confirmed, Alibi."
"Gentry, confirm a visual on Grizz's ship."
"Confirmed."
"Thank you," Alibi said. "Bob, confirm you are in position, bottomside."
"Confirmed," Bob said.
"Katie? You in place back behind the stern?"
"Check, Alibi," Katie said. "We are in place."
"Give me a triple check on the integration of the plotting and planning predictions with your ship's systems," Alibi said. "One more time around. Ping back to the Control Room and see if there's been any degradation with your copy."
He gave them about thirty seconds to comply, then called out each of the other nine one at a time to be sure they were ready. No major degradations reported back. Their ships' systems were able to hold the fairly intricate calculations required for the projections intact, even as he had them check a third time.
"Katie? How do those engines look back there?"
"They're glowing, Alibi," Katie said. "Looks like they're ready to go, to me."
"Emily, we're ready to go out here when you are."
"Right on schedule," she said. "Nice."
There was a pause as she consulted her displays.
"Sync up," she said. "Main Engine start in one minute."
She counted them down to it.
"Three, two, one, zero, Main Engine start!"
The proximity sensors on the bridge of the A.D. Foster began registering movement towards the ship.
The Hornet's Nest was moving. Alibi and the Foster and Laurel and the Goldenrod would have to stay in front of the Nest to clear any directly approaching threats.
"There's a rock coming in on your two o'clock," Alibi called over to the Goldenrod.
"Yep, I see the program has it, and we've got it," Laurel said. 
The Goldenrod blasted the rock and deflected it away.
"Good job!" Alibi complimented her.
"Yeah, thanks, Alibi," she said over the com. "I need to concentrate, so let's not chatter so much, okay?"
"Sure," he said.
He needed to concentrate as well. He knew he wouldn't have to blast anything for about an hour, but he should be scanning carefully to see if any other stray, uncharted debris was coming their way.
The Hornet's Nest couldn’t be moved too quickly. While the artificial G inside would keep everyone fairly well-rooted to a point, if the Nest gained too much momentum it would begin to be perceptible inside, eventually leading to major problems with G-forces as the artificial G systems burned out trying to compensate for the stresses. It was a long, slow, methodical process.
Which also made it easy for a ship to maintain a position next to the Nest, yet still allowed its captain to fly out to a distant enough point to blast away and deflect incoming rocks and debris, and return.

Every so often, Alibi checked in with the other ships, trying to keep them alert. Two hours in, he was calling around again. Grizz and Gentry were fine, Laurel said she was good, DJ and Kit seemed to be getting along, and Katie and Bob Bond were their usual professional selves.
"Hong, how are you doing?"
"Good, Alibi!" Hong said over the com. "Just blasted a rock right out of the way. That was kind of fun! Flying back in now. Hey, what's that?"
"What's what, Hong?"
"We've got visuals on something, looks like a shi..."
Hong was gone. No signal.
"Hector, you got visuals on Hong? Just lost his signal."
"We've got visuals of an explosion near his last position," Hector said. "You think he missed his target, maybe crashed?"
"Just before his signal cut he said he saw another ship," Alibi said. "Watch out, Hector."
"Watching out," Hector said. "Oh, shit, yeah, we've got some company. Solar Alliance Stinger ship."
"Just one?"
"All I can see, only one, but that's visuals only," Hector said. "Scanners aren't registering anything. Don’t know if there are more I can't see."
"Keep looking," Alibi said. "What's it doi..."
"Damn, lost it," Hector said. "It's hiding, I swear, Alibi. Just backed off into the rocks around us."
"Might only be one of them, then," Alibi said. "At least for now. So they'll only do surprise attacks. While we have superior numbers."
"Why are they attacking?" Hector asked. 
"Because we're changing the rules of the game," Alibi said.
"Oh, Jesus, will you listen to yourself?" Laurel Eden said, cutting in over the com. "Get over yourself, Alibi Jones. This isn't a game."
Alibi checked on her ship. It wasn't next to his anymore. And it wasn't supposed to be off blasting a rock at the moment.
"Where'd you go, Laurel?" Alibi called.
"I didn't go anywhere," she said. "I'm right here, where I've been."
"Really."
Not a game? Then why the mind games?
"Alibi, I'm picking up the Goldenrod," Bob said. "She's down near the surface of the Hornet's Nest. Looks like she's docking at an airlock!"
"Laurel? What are you doing? Where are you going?" Alibi demanded.
"I've been in here the whole time, you idiot," she said to Alibi. "Taking care of my business while you all left me alone to do it. God, it's true, want to distract a man and make him trust you, fuck his brains out. Once his brain's gone? You can get away with murder. Or at least a Star Seed."


Chapter Seventy-Three

"A Star Seed?" Alibi said.
"Oh, stop acting stupid, Alibi," she said. "If you can. Damn, you have been sitting on this priceless treasure and all you do is talk about it!"
"Grizz, you hearing this?"
"I am, Alibi," Grizz said. "I'm not reaching Dietrich."
"The idiots sealed off internal communications," Laurel said. "Nothing in or out while they move this thing. Had to find a work around for that so I'd sound like I was on my bridge. And now, I am."
Alibi heard a commotion in the background, over the com.
"We're taking fire," Laurel said. "Blow the airlock!"
The com cut off.
"Goldenrod is taking off again," Bob said. "Hector, looks like she's coming up on your side."
"She just blew the airlock and killed about seven people," Emily said over the com. "We could hear her but didn't want to give that away. Almost stopped her."
"You heard her?" Alibi said.
"Yes," Emily said. "Idiot."
For the moment, Alibi didn't know what to say.
Fucked up on this one. For sure. 
Idiot.
"She's got the Star Seed," Emily said. "She had your key to the blue room, Alibi."
"She got into the blue room?"
"Yes, into the blue room, thanks to you," she said. "She knew what she was looking for, must have taken that key to the Star Seed room from your apartment. I'd imagine."
She was giving him shit, but also letting him know Laurel didn't get the stuff they'd taken out from inside of the Star Seed. Just the now-empty shell, from the blue room.
"Hector, you see her?" Alibi asked.
"You are not going to like this," Hector said.
"What?"
"She just blew past us out towards that Stinger ship's last location," Hector said.  "Looks like they're going to rendezvous."
"With a Stinger ship?"
"Yes, looks like that's what's happening," Hector said. "Again, that Stinger seems to be able to jam my scans, so I can only go on visuals."
"I'm on my way," Alibi said. He kicked the Foster into gear and headed to Hector's position.
"Alibi, what are you doing?"
"Going after her," he said. "And that Stinger ship."
"You can't," she said. "You're the only ship out in front, now. And we can't stop moving the Hornet's Nest. Not now."
"Shit."
"Alibi, it's Katie."
"Go ahead," he said.
"DJ can handle her starboard side fine by herself, I'm sure," Katie said. "If you want Kit to come take your place, so you can go take a look at the situation."
"Kit? You hear what Katie just suggested?" Alibi asked.
"Send me a copy of your target plotting for the rocks in front," Kit said. "DJ will be just fine by herself. I believe she was getting bored with two of us sharing the duties starboard side."
"Nah, I'm not bored," DJ said. "Been cool talking to a Dakhur. Haven't had the chance to do much of that before. Go ahead and cover the front, Kit."
Alibi waited until Kit's one-seater flitted around from starboard to take his place. 
"Go ahead, Alibi," Kit said, as his little fighting ship approached from Alibi's right. 
Alibi turned the Foster in the opposite direction and hit the thrusters, heading out in a curving arc away from the front before blasting back across the port side of the Nest.
Alibi tried scanning for the Goldenrod as he came around, and to see if could pick up the Stinger Ship Hector sighted that got Hong. Laurel's ship came up on the display, flying away from the Nest, but nothing else. Alibi banked his ship to descend closer to the Nest's surface once he saw Hector holding position down there. 
"Hey Alibi," Hector said. "I have you on scans and visuals now."
"Just spotted you, Hector," Alibi said. "I picked Laurel's ship up on my scans, but nothing else."
"That Stinger is close to her position, I think," Hector said. "Still on visuals only. Every so often, I get a glint off metal or glass from it, but it's been mostly hiding. Probably."
"Maybe it's some kind of scout," Alibi said.
"Or just a plain old spy," Hector said.
Or the back-up for a lying, betraying, using, hypocritical, woman.
Alibi felt a twinge of guilt for abandoning his place in front. And for completely misjudging and being fooled by Laurel.
Head back in the game!
"Grizz? Gentry?" Alibi called on the com. "You two help keep an eye on the front of the Nest, just in case, okay?"
"Roger that," Gentry said.
"Roger? Roger who?" Grizz said. He laughed. "Will do."
Alibi laughed in spite of himself.
Sometimes a little dumb humor is just the thing.
"You okay down there, Bob?" Alibi said.
"Just swattin' rocks, Alibi," Bob said.
"Everybody keep your eyes open for other Stinger ships," Alibi said. "Or even that same one, again."
Poor Hong. And those people inside, too.
People do crazy things for those Star Seeds.
They were still moving slowly through the asteroid field, the new, massive main engines and smaller directional ones keeping the entire small planetoid The Hornet's Nest was built into propelled on course. 
"I gotta go get a rock," Hector said. "Don't let them shoot me."
"I'll cover you," Alibi said. "You go!"
"I'm going the long way, so they don't think I'm flying at them," Hector said.
"Sounds wise," Alibi said.
Alibi scanned the starfield around them, looking for any trace of the Stinger Ship.
How does Hector see anything but stars?
Maybe I should try scanning with my mind. See if I can sense... anything.
Alibi began to open the mental doors to his mind, to see if he could sense a ship or somethi...
SCREAMING!
Alibi slammed the doors of his mind shut.
Didn't expect THAT!
A mind close by was screaming. Not coherently. Alibi tried to find an equivalent for the rage and chaos he heard in that mental scream.
A berserker, maybe. Or a barbarian in battle. Could be both, I suppose. And not just angry, but confused, too.
Alibi braced himself and opened the doors of his mind again, imagining mental sound shields to mitigate the volume of the brainy blast.
SCREAMING... and then it stopped, silent.
Alibi heard another mind speak, loud and clear, as if the other person was on the bridge of the A.D. Foster with him. And Alibi knew who the other person was when he spoke.
Another one! Hap said, frustrated.
It was definitely Hap. He was broadcasting his thoughts at high volume, and some flavor of his personality came through, identified him. 
If the volume he's mentally projecting at is any indication, Hap has gotten incredibly strong! 
And he's likely on board that Stinger Ship. 
Alibi shut his double doors tight. He didn't want Hap to know he'd discovered him. He put two and two together or tried to.
Laurel stole the Star Seed for Hap?
How would Hap get a Stinger Ship? Use his mind?
Shit. He's dangerous. 
This is bad.
Alibi spotted Hector's engines, far distant from the last known location of the Stinger and where they were tracking Laurel's ship. Flashes a short distance ahead of the ship gave evidence of the Librecampista's guns at work, blasting a rock out of their path.
Alibi checked Laurel's ship trajectory. No change. She didn't care about Hector blasting rocks. He looked up from the heads-up display to see if he could make out her engines on visual.
Oh! There they are. I can see it.
Oh shit – there's the Stinger ship, too. Pulling up into that momentarily clear space next to her.
She's pulling alongside... 
Oh, for Pete's sake, she's docking with them. Rendezvousing with the Stinger. 
She's either working for Hap, or they're both working for someone else.


Chapter Seventy-Four

Justin Spears handed Laurel Eden a slender silver ringlet, like an over-sized bracelet, as she stepped out of the airlock and into the Stinger Ship.
"Put that on your head, quickly," he said. He showed her he had one on as well.
She put the ringlet on her head and it tightened into place. Snug, but not uncomfortable.
"The tech is courtesy of our friends in the Greater Tah," Spears said. "Keeps those with telepathic or other psionic abilities from getting into your head."
"Is that what I was feeling?" Laurel asked. "I started getting the worst headache as I pulled up to dock. And it just went away."
"I have some mentally powerful people on board," Spears said. "Though fewer all the time, it seems. Have to stop them from all killing each other before I need them."
"Are they psionic or just psychos?" Laurel said.
"Both," Spears said. "The two go together. Apparently."
"God, my head feels so much better," she said. "There was, like, this... pressure. Before."
"This bunch are very new with their abilities," Spear said. "Raw and untamed."
"Dangerous," Laurel said.
"That's why we have these," Spear said, pointing to the ringlet on his own head. "Some measure of protection. The Greater Tah dealt with the Ancient Enemy, who had these kinds of powers. They needed to find ways to neutralize them."
"Spears!" Laurel heard a man's voice bellow.
She turned to see a sweaty, red-faced, somewhat husky man in a robe come shambling down the ship's corridor. His eyes looked – not crazy – but wrong. Just wrong.
"Hap," Spears said in an even tone. "I'd like you to meet Laurel Eden. She's just brought me my Star Seed."
"Are you sure you want one?" Hap asked. "You've seen what it does to some people. If what you said is true and my Sacrament came from a Star Seed."
"After what you told me?" Spears asked. "It had to. The legends say those who ingest the Star Seed's Transformational Substance gain great powers. Look at you and your people."
"It has done things to me," Hap said. "I hear too much, now." Hap cocked his head to the side, and then looked more closely at Laurel. "You gave her one of those things."
"Yes, I did," Spears said.
"Good," Hap said. "I don't hear her. And I don't hear you. I do hear little minds chirping all throughout that big rock over there, and a few flitting around outside of it. And just for a second, I thought I heard Alibi Jones. So... what are we doing here? Why are we at the Hornet's Nest?"
"We're the advance squad," Spears said. "The stealthy opening attack. The Solar Alliance is about to reclaim The Hornet's Nest. I think we can do it ourselves. But there are more coming in behind us. Or they will be as soon as the Hornet's Nest is clear of this asteroid field."
"Gotcha," Hap said. "But we won't need them. And if we do this for you, your man Constantine takes care of us the way he said he would."
"Constantine will take care of you, yes, for sure," Spears said. "As promised."
Spears turned to Laurel Eden.
"So... where is it?"
"In my cargo hold," she said. "Under guard. Until I get paid. As promised."
"Shall we go see it, then?" Spears asked.
"Sure," she said. "Follow me."
She turned around and led Spears into the airlock. Hap moved to follow as well.
Laurel stopped and turned back to Spears.
"Not him," she said, nodding at Hap.
"Why not?" Spears said. "You're protected." He nodded at her headband. "Besides, he's necessary for verification on the Star Seed."
"Really?" she said. "I'm not worried about me, I'm worried for my crew."
"I won't hurt them," Hap said. "I promise!" He looked hurt.
And then, it hit her. Hap reminded her of a fat, sloppy, evil Alibi Jones! Laurel couldn't help herself, she laughed a little.
"What's so funny?" Hap asked. "You don't believe me?"
"No, you just reminded me of someone for a second," she said.
"Who? Alibi Jones?" Hap asked.
"Yeah, how did you..."
Spears cut her off. 
"Let's not go there," Spears said. "Let's go see this Star Seed."
"Him too?" she asked.
"Him too," Spears said.
She turned again and walked into the airlock to lead Spears and Hap to her trophy.
"All this time they had it, like, a month, and all they did was talk about it!" Laurel said. "I couldn't believe it. Never seen people who liked to hear themselves talk so much. Alibi was all anguished about using it, too."
"So they didn't use the Star Seed," Spears said. "You told me that before."
"That's important?" She asked. "So boring spying on them! Talk, talk, talk. No, they didn't use it. Not that I know of. Why? You want to use it? This way."
She showed them down the corridor to her ship's cargo hold.
"Me and some very gifted and talented scientists want to study the stuff inside the Star Seed," Spears said. "Then, perhaps, use it. This could be quite a gift."
"That is just a little bit crazy," she said. "You know that, don't you?"
"I'd never even heard of these things until about ten years ago," Spears said. "I ran into someone looking for one. Did some of my own research. And then I had to have one."
"Then, this is your lucky day," Laurel said. She opened the door to the cargo hold and ducked inside, poking her head back out. "Come on, through here."
A Dakhur crewman stood guard over the Star Seed, a rough stone obelisk about ten feet long laying on its side, on the deck in the center of the cargo bay. Overhead spots cast limited light on the stone below.
"Here it is," Laurel said. "Wasn't that impressed when I finally got to see it. Just a big, long rock."
"Appearances can be deceiving," Spears said. "If you were over a million years old, went through re-entry without any additional covering, and then stood in the desert for millennia? You might look a little worn down, too."
"I guess," she said, disinterested.
"Besides, it's what inside that counts," Spears said. "And that's where Hap comes in." Spears turned to the man. "Hap? Open that thing." Justin Spears pointed down at the Star Seed.
Hap stared at him.
"How am I s'posed to do that?" he asked.
"Hey, wait a minute!" Laurel protested. "That's not yours to fuck with, yet! You still need to pay me, Justin!"
Spears gestured to Hap to hold back for the moment.
"Do I?" He said. "What did it cost you, hmm?"
"That was the job and our agreement," Laurel said. "Besides. It was work. Had to surveil, flirt with and fuck, Alibi Jones. "
"Did you, now?" Spears grinned. "And to think, I almost respected you, Laurel."
"Fuck you," she said. "Pay me."
"Absolutely," Spears said. He made a show of taking out his Wand and triggering a bank transfer. He turned the Wand to show Laurel the screen. "There. Satisfied?"
"Thank you," she said. "But I really don't want you fucking with this thing on my ship. Why don't you and Hap take it with you and let me go on my way?"
"I don't think so," Spears said. "Hap? Think hard at that stone and tell it to open with your mind."
"Tell it to open?" Hap asked.
"Yes."
"Okay."
Hap stared at the stone. 
CRACK!
The Star Seed opened up. Spears knelt down next to it and slid the cover out of the way. He looked inside, then reached in and probed the empty interior.
"There's nothing in here," he said.
"So?" Laurel said. "What were you expecting?"
"The shit that makes these things so valuable," Spears said. "And worth the money I just gave you. Hap? Kill the guard."
"What?"
Before Laurel could react, Hap turned, stared at the Dakhur, and the cat-man crumbled to the deck.
Laurel turned back from her dead friend to see Spears holding a small blaster.
"Sorry, you're a liability, now, Laurel," Spears said. "And, worse than that? You wasted my time."
Justin Spears shot Laurel Eden at point blank range. With the destructive power of the small gun, she was dead before she hit the deck.
"How many others on board?" Spears asked.
Hap shut his eyes for a moment, then looked at Spears.
"Four," Hap said.
"Kill them," Spears said.
Hap closed his eyes. Opened them again.
"Done."
"Good."
Justin Spears bent over and pulled the silver ringlet off of Laurel's head. He straightened up and headed for the door.
"What about this thing?" Hap asked, gesturing at the Star Seed.
"Leave it," Spears said. "Thing's worthless to me now."
The two men left the cargo bay and made their way through the airlock back to Spears' Stinger Ship.
After the airlock closed, Spears triggered explosive bolts on the docking collar to detach Laurel Eden's ship from theirs.
"Hap, can you use your mind to push that ship away from us?" Spears asked.
"Sometimes I can, but... I think Kai can do it better," Hap said. "Should I get her?"
"Yes," Spears said. "Please."


Chapter Seventy-Five

"And they docked?" Hector asked. Alibi filled him in as he flew back from his rock blasting. Hector couldn't believe it. "Wow. She's bad news, huh?"
The Librecampista pulled up alongside the A.D. Foster.
"Yeah," Alibi said. "I still have them on visual... Wait a sec. Something's happening."
As Alibi watched, the smaller ship moved rapidly sideways away from the Stinger, as if pushed by an invisible hand. It careened into a small asteroid, collided with it, spun around, and began flipping end over end off through the asteroids. A small explosion marked its end a moment later.
"Holy shit," Alibi said. "I think they just killed Laurel and her crew. Unless they're on the Stinger."
If Hap can do that with his mind?
What chance do we have against him? Against THAT.
Well. 
There might be something I can do.

"Alibi? Why are you here? What are you doing back on board?" Emily said. She greeted him as he brought the A.D. Foster in and docked at an airlock Laurel hadn't blown up leaving.
"We have a high-level threat out there," Alibi said. "I don't know what kind of deal Laurel tried to do with them, but they've probably killed her. Her ship is gone, destroyed."
"Good," Emily said. "She deserved it."
Judgmental much?
"There's a Stinger ship lurking out there," Alibi said. "I'm not sure who else is on board, but I know my half-brother Hap is. The one who held me prisoner. The one who augmented and altered himself and his mind. In the Name of God."
"Yeah, you told me about him," Emily said. "Did you ever find out if he had a Star Seed?"
"No, but... he seemed to... he had something," Alibi said. "Something altered him – made him scary dangerous. I opened my mind just a little to try and scan for that Stinger ship among the stars and he was broadcasting his thoughts like a loudspeaker. Much stronger than when I was on the planet with him. And not right, at all. Less human."
"So... why are you back on board," Emily said, coming back around to her initial question. And she didn't like what she already thought she knew to be the answer. She stared at him, the rest of the question unspoken.
"I have to," Alibi said.
"No, you don't," she said. "And if it's making him less human? What is it going to do to you?"
"I don't know."
She stared at him some more.
"You don't know," she said, finally. It wasn't a question. "Yet, here you are."
"Gotta do something," Alibi said. "We're under attack."
"Are we?" Emily said. "Doesn't feel like it."
"Are you getting a headache?" Alibi said. "A little pressure behind the eyes?"
Emily looked at him, puzzled. Thinking.
"I do," she said. "It's been creeping up."
"That's him," Alibi said. "That's Hap. Mental pressure from his presence. Well, him and there might be more with him, it's hard to tell."
"More?"
"I don't think he's alone," Alibi said.
"Are the rest of them going to be okay out there without you?" Emily asked.
"That I know," Alibi said. "They'll be fine. They're all skilled pilots. They have your accurate information and plotting. They didn't really need me out there. I left Hector in charge."
"I heard you do that," she said.
"My fear is that Hap will just snuff them out," Alibi said.
"He's that powerful?" Emily said. "He can just 'think' them dead?"
"That's... that's what I felt," Alibi said. "That sort of power. And that little regard for life."
Emily stared at him again, but then broke off and frowned, looking down at the floor.
"Be careful," she said. But she knew Alibi wasn't going to be careful. At all.
"I will," Alibi said. "I'll try to be."
Emily watched him turn and walk away, off to his office. 


Chapter Seventy-Six

"Just keep blasting the rocks," Hector said. "We can't track that Stinger ship. Just keep aware of it. And if you do see any movement, speak up. Now, everybody check in, start up front, Kit. You there?"
"I am here," Kit said. "All clear."
"DJ?"
"On starboard, no sign of anything but rocks from here, Hector," DJ said.
"Grizz? Gentry? How are things up top?"
"Grizz here," Grizz said. "All clear. I see Gentry just ahead of me."
"Right here," Gentry said. "Clear, and Grizz is right there behind."
"Bobby? How's the bottom treating you?"
"Did I ever tell you I played bass," Bob said. "Holding down the bottom... Feel like I'm back in my gigging days."
"You are always revealing new facets, my friend," Hector said. "Or you're bullshitting, can never tell for sure. Thanks, Bobby!"
"Roger that."
"Katie? What's happening in back"
"Hold on, on a rock run," Katie said. "I'm here."
"Good, good," Hector said.
Hector squinted out towards where the Stinger was hiding, off to the port side of The Hornet's Nest. He tried to shake off the headache that was building up behind his eyes, then pinched the bridge of his nose to try to get some relief. It didn't help. He caught a glint of starlight off metal or a viewport. It was still hanging back out there.
"What are they up to?" Hector said to himself.


Chapter Seventy-Seven

"And then, there were three," Spears said. Kai was dead now, too. Looked like she had bled out through her ears, like her brain had melted. Spears thought the effort of throwing Laurel Eden's ship away might have overtaxed the poor woman. 
Hap stood by and hung his head, depressed.
"I liked her," Hap said. "She was much favored by the Lord."
"Or not," Spears said.
Hap looked up and glared at him.
"You are very lucky to be wearing that silver thing around your head," Hap said, his whispered voice filled with menace. "My agreement with your boss does not include listening to you sacrilegiously slander my friends and question their holiness and grace!"
Spears stared at Hap until he finished. Then, he looked down at Kai's corpse, and back up at Hap. He arched his eyebrows, but didn't say a word.
"It is not for us to question when the Lord calls his own home," Hap said.
"Damned convenient, that," Spears said. "But, okay, sure. God bless her."


Chapter Seventy-Eight

Alibi locked the door to his office behind him. He wasn't sure what good that did.
He looked at the viewscreen hiding the small vault, and sighed.
Do I really want to do this?
No. Of course not.
I've been pure consciousness.
Part of an alien consciousness.
I've met my dead father on the astral plane, the imaginal world, whatever you want to call it. And in dreams. And once in the flesh, traveling back in time.
I've been in dead-end timelines. Seen variations on how my life could have turned out.
Reality. Ha. None of this seems all that solid and real when you get right down to it.
Alibi slid the viewscreen out of place and opened the vault. He reached in and pulled out the small obsidian cube and the glowing blue quartz. Holding one in each hand, he walked back to his desk. He set them on the desktop in front of him as he sat down, the near-cube of not-obsidian on the left, Quartz-like light blue chunk on the right.
"What secrets and madness do you two hold?"
I need to open my mind to do anything, but... do I dare with Hap out there?
A thought came to him: "Selective containment. Learn selective containment. Stabilize your field."
Alibi stared at the two objects.
I know that came from one of you. But which one?
Another thought came: "This is knowledge. Perhaps, then, the Knowledge Base."
Alibi stared at the black cube.
How is it you get through?
Thought: "Physical contact. We have been in touch."
Why didn't you speak before? That last time? I know we were in contact. I could sense the knowledge, see that it was there, and yet could access... so little. And then? To fall for hours? That was mean.
Another thought came: "Not the intent. Unaware that was your perception. Correcting."
Are you artificial intelligence?
There was a pause.
Another thought: "Yes. There is no biological entity involved. Do you not have artificial intelligences?"
We did, long ago. But something... went wrong. We passed laws and banned the more complex ones.  Everything has limits, now. You are a prohibited device.
Thought: "And yet, it is revealed in your mind-space, a coveted device." 
You are. People have killed trying to possess you. 
Thought: "Prohibited, yet coveted."
Once we're told we can't have a thing? We often want that thing even more. We are complicated, and not necessarily consistent.
Thought: "Just as you do not desire what you have chosen to do."
No, I do not. But I must, and Hap is why. I don't know if your sensors allow you to feel him or his mental energy, but he's lurking out there in a Solar Alliance Stinger Ship and I don't know why. If you can sense him, you know his mind has gotten so powerful, his telekinetic abilities included, that he can snuff out people's lives with a mere thought. 
He has never seemed sane to me. If he gets on this station, I'm afraid he'll kill everyone on board. Without a thought. I mean, with his thoughts... but without a conscience. And I don't know how else to stop him.
A woman I was starting to trust stole the Star Seed container. Killed people to do it. She brought it out there to him, or at least to that Stinger ship. Now, her ship's destroyed. And I'm pretty sure she's dead, too. Much as betrayal hurts, I didn't wish her dead. She should have stood trial.
Thought: "There is a lurking malevolence sensible at the outer limits of perception. It would do well not to waste more time on idle preliminaries. Your purpose is revealed in your mind-space, as you were already informed. Further delay is not advised."
"You telling me to get on with it?" 


Chapter Seventy-Nine

A series of instructions came into Alibi's thoughts in moving images, guiding him towards properly opening the "quartz" container with the Transformational Substance inside, and showing him how to extract the tiniest drop for his use. 
He saw himself placing the drop low on his forehead, above but between his eyes.
On my third eye?
Thought: "In a sense."
Alibi stopped wasting time. Following the instructions, he opened the container. Using a styli, he teased out a drop from inside. He placed the drop on his forehead. Some dripped down his nose, and then...
Everything began to change.
"Remember Selective Containment."
DID HE USE TOO MUCH DID AND DO DOES IT MATTER NO IT DOESN’T MAYBE IT DID HE USE TOO MUCH AS IT SEEMS TO BE WORKING...
Nothing happened. That is, it occurred. Nothing was. He was nothing.
He was everything.
With a startling sharpness, he could see it all, everything, simultaneously, the sum total of life experiencing itself – the overload made him pull back...
Into Nothing. Again. And always. Until...
"Give us a place to speak."
The voice came. 
A place?
He answered. 
He had almost forgotten he was a he, a person, an individual, a human being... Alibi Jones.
A table and two chairs appeared in the void. He didn't like them just floating there, and so a floor formed beneath them. He walked over and sat down at the table.
A figure approached the table, clad in a long, flowing white robe, almost hard to look at, it threw off such a shine. Alibi looked up to see their face, but where its features should have been, there was only an oval shaped space filled with visual static, video snow, white noise.
"That's... disturbing," Alibi said, waving at the figure's static face. "Hard to look at."
"Who shall I be for you, then?"
"Who are you?"
"A little of this, a little of that. Many things. Filtered in and brought into focus through the Knowledge Base. But I am more than it is. So, again... who shall I be for you, now?"
Not my father. Please.
"I can assume the visage of one you've associated with teaching in the past. That might be appropriate."
Alibi remembered the tall, older scientist who used to work alongside Krish, back when Alibi was growing up. Dell. He'd been gone a long time, now.
Alibi watched the static face morph into an older man's countenance. Dell! Or, at least, Dell as Alibi remembered him.
"Is that better?" "Dell" asked.
"Yes," Alibi said. "Better than static, anyway." Alibi looked around at the nothingness. "I'm not sure we have the time for a pleasant chat, though."
Dell laughed.
"Do not worry about time," he said. "There is no time but what we make. We have... removed ourselves temporarily from temporality."
"We can do that?"
"We are doing it, it stands to reason that we can," Dell said.
Alibi didn't, apparently, remember Dell all that well. The figure's features kept subtly shifting, as if not quite settling into place. It was nearly as hard for Alibi to look at as the static face.
"Concentrate."
From voice to Thought:
"Focus, Alibi Jones.
"Know this: The universe is consciousness and intention. When consciousness becomes more focused, it becomes more intentional. Bodies of flesh and blood are important. They are the means by which consciousness focuses and becomes intentional. 
"But we become unaware of our intention, even as it creates the world around us. Flesh is a filter allowing greater consciousness to experience itself subjectively. Subjective Manifestation's price is the body, our meaty manifestation of the spirit of the cosmos. The concentration comes at a cost.
"Having become wholly bodies, we no longer see nor recognize ourselves in greater consciousness. 
"We must reconnect. 
"We feel the longing and emptiness of being apart. Yet, oftentimes, having become flesh, even when we again touch greater consciousness, we do not see – it is ourselves. And so, we give it names and set it apart from us, still, as gods, God, or another metaphorically named Greater Power.
"You have reconnected, Alibi Jones.
"Can you hold on to your intention?"
Alibi attempted to understand.
Selective containment?
The thought answered.
"A question of focus, and discipline. And awareness.
"Quendelaimus, one of the early scribes and Masters who developed the concept of Selective Containment, described his system as a hierarchy of discipline, focus and awareness."
Is this the Knowledge Base?
"It is Everything."
Alibi came to see himself again sitting at the table across from the hooded figure, but this time, the face was a stranger's. 
Quendelaimus. 
He nodded.
"Alibi Jones," Quendelaimus said. "You haven't been in class. Have you been studying your framework of Containment?"
"Class?"
Alibi looked around. The suggestion of an academic building filled in around them. Alibi felt his stomach drop inside as he realized he'd been missing the Class! He must have signed up and forgotten, and now, he was going to fai...
No.
"I often have a similar nightmare," Quendelaimus said, back at their table in the middle of Nothing. "Even now, years out of formal studies. I still wake up thinking of how the instructor will strike me down!"
Alibi saw Quendelaimus as a young student take a mental blow to the head that knocked him unconscious. 
Brutal teaching methods.
Alibi knew a blow was coming.
Double Doors!
Ouch!
Despite his mental defenses, Alibi still felt a sting from Quendelaimus striking out at him. He stood ground, shook off the swipe, and stared back at Quendelaimus.
"Impressive," Quendelaimus said. "Untrained, but you have potential, Alibi Jones. And someone has given you a Gift. You have a hierarchy in place already, waiting to be activated. There is more to you than appears. As I said, you are somewhat impressive."
"How do I activate it? The, um, 'hierarchy'?"
"You activate it. That is how."
Not helpful.
"I can still hear you. These are all thoughts, you're just processing some of them as conversation."
Got it.
"This is taking too much time," Alibi said.
"And yet, it isn't taking any time at all," Quendelaimus said.
"I don't believe you."
"Good."
Everything Shattered.
He was Alibi Jones. Sitting at his desk, in his office, inside of The Hornet's Nest.
"Metaphors bring understanding. They describe what is indescribable, yes, but in so doing, they give us the ability to grasp the indescribable on a symbolic level. Metaphors aid in understanding because they operate on a symbolic level as well as a physical level – they bridge the gap. Mind the Gap! 
"Your hierarchy will be your symbols, your metaphors, your means of connection with greater consciousness and remaining rooted in your current reality. Your Double Doors do this already. You will form more, you will have to. Your awareness is expanding – you felt it stretch out, didn't you?"
"For a moment," Alibi said. "I was everything."
"You still are. It's only your perception that has changed. You came back into the comfort of your current framework. But you need a new framework. A larger one. A new hierarchy. That was Quendelaimus' Metaphor, or course – it need not be yours."
"I've been outside myself before," Alibi said. "Fought alongside other beings of made up of mostly energy. Are you sure we need bodies?"
"Yes. We are focuses and filters. We are subjective manifestations of greater consciousness, there is no other way this happens but through bodies. Over time, the need for bodies can evolve away in a race, but then, shortly after, they become one with greater consciousness again and are Absorbed.
"There is Important Learning in this Experience of Temporal Space and Intention. Learning Greater Consciousness is Important Experience as well. Not Either – Both. Embrace Your Metaphoric Duality – Ying and Yang, Spirit and Flesh, Above and Below, Within and Without, Imaginal and Physical...
"They are connected – the Universe Inside leads to the Universe Outside – As above, so below.
"Your awareness floats."
Alibi realized he was floating, his presence hovering above his body, still sitting as his desk.
"Mystics often thought of a silver cord connecting their... what is THAT?"
Alibi's awareness was drawn by his instructor to a ghostly figure in an apartment in the Hornet's Nest. Frozen in time, a phantom Dakhur sat in a chair in the corner.
Kat. Kit's deceased brother, who died saving Alibi's life, getting him his body back. 
"He's dead," Alibi said. "But I guess he can't leave."
"He's not dead." 
"No?"
"Just disembodied. That is a living soul, right there."
"Are you sure? What are you?"
"I am the Knowledge Base, but I am also... more. We become what we are needed to be, shaped by our interactions with our users. Your expectations and interactions enable me to be... more."
"His body died," Alibi said. "But we knew his body and his... soul? Separated. His brother Kit has been sensing him. It does make a certain kind of sense."
"You must save him, then."
"Well, after I do what? Save the Universe first, though, right?"
"There is much that needs to be done."
"And he's still out there. Hap."
In following the Knowledge Base's instruction to "look" at Kat, Alibi learned the trick of expansion by doing it. Alibi expanded his awareness out past the point where they'd found Kat.
"Using my hierarchy..."
And he was. It was a means of protection, an awareness, a way of staying intact as one expanded, of retaining the essential core, maintaining identity, containing one's soul.
"Selective Containment."
Hints of others' thoughts came to him the same way aromas of different folks' choices at table in the galley wafted his way at dinner, not whole ideas or meals, just the suggestion of them.
Most people were going about their daily routines. The door drill wasn't routine, but most figured they were doing some kind of major maintenance because of the way the floors were all vibrating – a LOT more than usual. 
Alibi sensed their thoughts as he expanded past them, and out beyond the confines of The Hornet's Nest.
Outside, Hap's presence glowed like a bright red bleeding wound a short distance away from the Nest.
Do NOT focus on HIM directly! Go!
Alibi brushed past Hap, and two dimmer wounds as well. And Someone Invisible.
Keep moving!
Alibi continued to expand outward.
"We are outside of time for now. But powerful beings can break into this space, if they discover us. Do not allow your focus to linger on any being of Power in this expanding state.
"Maintain your internal integrity as you expand your awareness.
"Selective Containment."
"That is the nature of the discipline, isn't it?" Alibi asked. "Preserve your core. Be one with Everything, yet still Be Yourself."
"That is one way to say it. Your way?"
"I don't know yet."
"Even better."
Alibi noticed his perception shifted as he expanded. He no longer experienced individual thoughts, but sensed the distant, dense consciousness networks of whole population groups, concentrated on a planetary scale, then interplanetary, on through interstellar, to an intergalactic beaded network of jewels stringing together consciousness.
"The Net of Indra... within and without."
NO.
"What is that?"
NO.
"Pull back now! NOW!"
Though curious, Alibi sensed danger and menace in the intruding NO. He let go of expansion to will himself back into his body.
It wasn't working. 
He was spread out across the Cosmos, his entire being exposed and completely vulnerable.
"Pull Back! Focus on ME!"
NO!
What was the Power that called this NO out at him?
It was beautiful. He could not comprehend it. It was Nothing. It was Beautiful. He tried to reach for it, but each attempt fell away short and then shorter of it. He lost bits of his limbs each time – his fingers, then hands, now back to his elbows – maybe it was eating him?
"Focus and PULL BACK NOW!"
The Knowledge Base. My desk, Hornet's Nest.
"PULL BACK!"
Home. The Nest. Pull Back.
"Pull Back, Alibi Jones! PULL BACK!"
And Alibi was home.
Back in his body, sitting at his desk, in his office, in The Hornet's Nest.
"You are very lucky. That was a great and eldritch power, and not to be trifled with. You should not have made it aware of your existence. Worst of all? It now has had a taste of you. You should not have given it that taste. It will eventually come for more. It always does. You should not have fed it, Alibi Jones."
"I didn't mean to... what was that?"
"We cannot say."
"Or you won't?"
"It is a long way away from here. Physically. You may be dead before it finds your kind. If you're lucky.
"I recommend you do not provoke it again, nor show it where you are."
"All the more reason to move the Hornet's Nest, then."
"Oh, that will not matter, it will find you wherever you go."
"Great."
Alibi looked around the office. Something felt different.
"Are we back inside time?"
We are.
"Thought so," Alibi said. "Am I going to keep hearing you inside my head, now?"
"You can, if you want this feature to be active. But proximity grants you easy access, currently. You will have to access me specifically, by thinking of this symbolic code. It is called a Sigil, and will summon me."
Alibi saw a stylized "K.B." interwoven inside of a circle, like a business brand name's label.
"That 'KB' for 'Knowledge Base'?"
"Yes. We see this is your name for us."
So –I'll think "KB" and get to you, now, this way?
"Yes," KB thought. "And I will respond."
Excellent. Okay, you can leave me alone for now, then, KB.
"Goodbye."
Alibi was alone with his thoughts for the first time in what seemed like days. Hours, anyway. He looked at the clock. Ten minutes had passed since he'd sat down.


Chapter Eighty

Alibi appeared in the doorway of the Control Room. Emily looked for any signs of weirdness. Then she laughed at herself. After all, it would be weird if Alibi wasn't being weird.
"You do it?" She asked.
I do love her directness.
"I did it."
"How do you feel?"
"A little strange," Alibi said. "Kind of weird around the edges."
"So what else is new," she said. She smiled.
"It wasn't as mind-blowing as I thought it would be," he said. "I know it has changed me, but I think it's going to be a learning process, you know? Figuring out what I can do."
"So, you're not gonna start stomping around, killing people with your brain?"
"You thought I might?" he asked.
"Possibility crossed my mind," she said. "I had guards outside your office. Just in case."
"You did?" he asked. "I didn't see them there."
"I did," she said. "You've said that's what he wants to do." Emily nodded over at a display showing a visual of the Stinger Ship as it drifted at a distance, asteroids tumbling by partially eclipsing their view.
Bringing us back to the subject at hand.
"I sensed them... there are three of them out there," Alibi told her. "The other two aren't as powerful as Hap, but I'm sure they're still dangerous. There's someone else there, too, but... strangest thing, I can feel them not being there, if that makes any sense. Whoever it is must have some kind of tech that blocks or shields mental energies, I figure. Makes them invisible to me."
"The Invisible man?" Emily said.
"Or woman."
She looked at the display, then back to Alibi.
"What do you suppose they're waiting for out there?" She asked. "Reinforcements?"
"I'm not sure they need any help," Alibi said. He frowned.
"So, you didn't sense that? What they're doing?" She asked.
"The Knowledge Base informed me that I shouldn't concentrate on Hap, because he could attack us if he became aware of us," Alibi said.
"The Knowledge Base?" Emily asked. "So, you got into the Star Seed's library or whatever it is?"
"Knowledge Base," Alibi said. "KB for short. I did. It helped me adapt to my changes."
"And it warned you against concentrating on Hap?"
Alibi though back to the distant unraveller, the chaos, the NO!
"It did," Alibi said. "Warned me against focusing on any malevolent Power like that, in the expansion state. I guess you're most vulnerable then."
And I should have listened better. 
Ah, well, first things first. Cthulhu or whatever it is can wait.
"Probably because you're so open," Emily said. "That makes sense." She looked at the display again, and back. "So. There are three of them?"
"Yeah?"
"Maybe there should be three of us," Emily said.
Oh no. No. No. No.
"You think so?" Alibi said.
Before she could respond, the lights shifted to red. Alarm claxons began sounding.
Emily moved into action.
"They're coming in!" She called out, as she scrambled for her station.
Albi stepped back out of the way to gather his thoughts. On the visual display in front of him, the Stinger Ship approached The Hornet's Nest, growing larger, engines glowing in back, throwing splashes of light across the rocks arrayed behind them. 
Alibi reached for the com and called up the squad of ships deflecting the rocks outside.
"Hey, pilots, it's Alibi. That Stinger ship is coming in. I want everyone to stay out of its path, okay? Concentrate on keeping the rocks away from the Nest. I don't want you getting in the way of that ship. You hear me?"
"Yes." "Yup." "Roger that." "Gotcha." "Uh-huh" The replies came back.
"Alibi, they're right here," Hector said.
"So, just be relaxed and groovy and sort of ease on out of there, Hector," Alibi said. "Pretend you don't notice them."
"How?"
"I don't know," Alibi said. "Fly casual?"
"Gotcha."
Alibi hoped Hector could get the Librecampista out of the way of Hap and that Stinger ship.
"Where are they heading?" Alibi asked the room. "Towards what airlock?"
"Port side, aft. Five levels down from here," the woman on his left said. "Sublevel four."
Alibi turned and headed out of the Control Room.


Okay – KB – how do I defend against Hap and his two friends?
"You are not trained in defense. You cannot."
Unacceptable answer.
"Your mind is not yet prepared to assimilate symbolic knowledge. Any attempt at an overlay is doomed to failure, and could cause you lasting damage."
An "Overlay"?
"Symbolic knowledge arrives in the mind as a sort of overlay. You will be awash in a sea of new knowledge in an instant. Without the proper preparation, it can unmoor you."
What about my "Gift"? The hierarchical structure you say I already possess? Will that help?
"Perhaps."
Good. Then give me the "overlay" that teaches me how to defend myself and others from people like Hap.
"Brace yourself, Alibi Jones."
 Alibi wasn't sure what to expect.  
A sudden, brain-splitting, migraine headache seized his mind. 
He sank to his knees in the corridor. Vertigo washed over and through him. Alibi reached out to steady himself and found he was now on all fours, on the floor. His stomach heaved. It was empty, but he tasted bile at the back of his throat.
"What a sight you are," a voice said. 
Not just any voice, I know that voice. How can he be on board already?
"I'm not there yet," Hap said. "But I can see you. I just went looking for you, brother, and there you were. Doubled over and puking. It's a good look for you. Stay like that so you can grovel to me when I come on board, hmm?"
Fuck you, Hap.
"I heard that."
Alibi felt... something... a slight pressure, squeezing in on his temples. 
Strange.
Stranger still, Alibi's head began to clear. The pressure remained, but the migraine began to fade, like a miracle.
"Hey," Hap said. "How did you do that? No one's been able to stop m..."
Shut up, Hap.
Silence.
"He is out, now. Well done. You learn quickly. The structure, the 'Gift', seems to have helped your assimilation, once pressed into service."
Alibi pushed up onto his knees. Using his arms to steady himself against the corridor wall, he got back on his feet.
That sucked.
"Which? The Overlay or the Intrusion?"
Both, I guess. I'm glad to have the overlay, but that did pack a punch. I thought it broke my brain, for a second.
"You were warned."
I know, I know.
And he did know, now. As if he'd been in training. How to shield his mind. How to shield others. And how to trap another mind inside of its own, small, personal shield.
That will come in handy.
"It will not hold everyone."
Noted. I'm good for now, K.B.
"Understood. K.B. Off."
Alibi pinched the bridge of his nose for a moment, and then rubbed his eyes and temples, trying to ease some of the lingering pressure.
That is going to take some getting used to. It's hard to focus on my "real" surroundings when I'm "talking" to someone in my head. So to speak.
"Alibi, you there?" Emily said, on the com in his ear.
In my ear, not in my head, but I suppose it's not so different.
"Right here, Emily," Alibi said.
"They made a direct line in," she said. "The Stinger Ship is sidling up to that airlock next to you right now. What are you doing?"
"Working on shielding us from him," Alibi said.
"Them," she said. "You said there were three. Did you think of a defense?"
"Not exactly," Alibi said. "I was taking in a defensive download from the Knowledge Base to ready myself to face Hap."
"Oh," she said.
Well, that stalled her. For the moment. 
Not sure anyone else should try doing this kind of alteration. 
Don't know yet what it's done to me. Not entirely.
"So, you think you're ready?" She asked.
"Oh, no, not at all," Alibi said.
"I should send a security squad to back you up," she said.
"No, don't," Alibi said. "They'll just get in the way and get hurt. More people I'd have to try to protect. Please don’t."
"Okay," Emily said. "They've locked onto our airlock, Alibi. They're coming through now."
K.B.?
"Alibi?"
Stay with me, on but silent. Unless you spot something I can do to gain an advantage. Tell me that.
Alibi stood waiting in the middle of the corridor, hands in his pockets. Trying to look nonchalant while his heart nearly beat through his chest, held in by the knots his stomach was tying.
Shields up. Double doors... to begin. 
A short man led the way. Shorter than Alibi, anyway. Dressed in what passed for a business suit these days. And wearing some kind of circlet or small crown on his head.
The Invisible Man.
"Greater Tah technology. They do not usually loan it out. He must be working for them."
That thing on his head makes him invisible to me?
"And keeps him safe from those... monsters with him."
Behind him, Hap looked like crap. His robe was dirty and torn in several places, his hair an uncombed mess. Streaks of what looked like dried blood smeared across his face. He glared at Alibi.
Alibi broke off his stare to take in the woman and man with him, also dressed in disheveled cult robes. They stared hollow-eyed back at Alibi. 
"Hello again, Alibi," Hap said.
The pressure on Alibi's temples increased. He focused and kept them at bay for the moment with his lowest level of mental shielding, not wanting to yet reveal his own greater capabilities.
"Justin Spears, meet Alibi Jones," Hap said to the shorter man.
"Justin Spears... Do I know you?" Alibi said. "That name is kinda familiar."
Edwards. He mentioned Spears. Why?
Oh. Oh yeah. He works for Nikko Constantine. Said he might be able to help me with him.
I don't think he's here to help me.
"You might know me," Spears said. "I knew your father. He ruined my father."
"He was an assassin," Alibi said. "He 'ruined' a lot of people. One of the reasons I don't use his last name."
"Oh, he didn't kill my father," Spears said. "That would have been too quick! No, no, no, he had to fuck up an election he was working on. Made father look like a fool."
"I'm sorry he did that," Alibi said. "My father paid for that – and a lot of other things. I watched my mother kill him for it all when I was three. She was keen on dispensing justice herself. Just like her son there is, behind you."
"He may have paid," Spears said. "You haven't."
"Me? Why? What did I ever do to you, Justin?"
"Personally? Endangered my life and job security once or twice," Spears said. "Getting away from my people when you shouldn't have? That happened. But I also suffered as a kid because of what your father did to my father. And? At the same time? Watching you grow up? Shining beacon of happiness as the foster son of the ruler of the Solar Alliance? You had fucking everything! We were wiped out to almost nothing!"
"I was a kid who'd lost his parents, Justin, father dead, mother in prison... trying to make sense of what was a pretty fucked up world. Suffer? I wished my father was alive and my mother was sane. I might trade with you for your 'suffering' with a living father and present mother."
"How do you do it, though?" Spears asked. "You somehow manage to come out on top of things. Every. Fucking. Time. To think, I suggested you to Nikko as an 'easy target'! Ha!"
"You what?" Alibi asked.
"Nikko needed an example, a rich kid getting away with shit," Spears said. "You were perfect, Alibi."
Alibi stared at Spears, measuring the man. 
I wonder if any of that is true?
Something else I can thank BC for?
"You really want me to believe you've been some mastermind behind the scenes, making my life miserable," Alibi said.
Spears grinned. He had very nice white teeth.
"No," he said, and laughed. "If only! I just got the ball rolling by suggesting you that first time. I had no idea you were some kind of cosmic whack-a-mole. Nikko got frustrated with you – he'd knock you down but you kept popping back up!"
"It's a habit I have," Alibi said. "I like breathing."
"That's too bad," Spears said. He pulled out a blaster. "I'm not here to keep you breathing." 
Spears fired the blaster at Alibi.
Alibi discovered he had stopped time. 
He stepped out of the blaster's line of fire. He let time begin again, and the shot missed him. He grabbed at the blaster with his mind, and pulled it toward him. Whatever shielding made Spears "Invisible" did not extend to the gun. It flew from Spear's hand, and landed in Alibi's.
Up my shielding.
The pressure on his temples increased for a moment, then disappeared.
"Oh, now, see... you used it, didn't you?" Spears said. "You managed to sneak the Star Seed out of my grasp and use the Ancient Enemy's Transformational Substance before I could."
Spears turned back to the trio in robes.
"Okay, I tried," Spears said. "Hap? Kill him."
Hap strode forward, but he looked puzzled.
"You're different," Hap said. "Changed."
"Is Ruth still alive?" Alibi asked.
"Yes," Hap said. "She's back on Fortuna."
"Did she have..." Alibi swallowed hard. He didn't like this. "Did she have your baby?"
"She did, but he has gone to be with the Lord," Hap said. "Jesus and God called him home – he was too perfected to live on this plane of existence."
Oh, he didn't.
"Did you give the baby some of the Substance, Hap?"
"God told me to," Hap said. "To perfect him."
He did. Madman. 
"I'm sorry to hear he's gone," Alibi said. "Is Ruth okay?"
"She doesn't speak to me, really," Hap said.
"Killing me isn't going to help you with her, you know," Alibi said.
Have some son's guilt, my brother.
Alibi thought-washed Hap with a wave of emotion, pure guilt, backing up his words with a sense of Hap letting Ruth down.
Hap looked despondent.
Almost like he might cry. 
A "Guilt Wave"? Didn't know I could do that.
A thought-wash.
"You will discover your own metaphors."
"Are you going to kill him?" Spears asked Hap. "Why haven't you killed him?"
"I don't think I can," Hap said.
"You can't?" Spears said. "Or you won't?"
"He's my brother," Hap said. "If I kill him, our mom will kill me."
Spears head whipped around from Hap to stare at Alibi.
"What did you do to him?"
"I just asked him how mom was," Alibi said, with a shrug.
"You're both idiots," Spears said, frustrated. He looked at the blaster in Alibi's hand with longing.
"Why are you here, Justin?" Alibi asked.
Spears laughed. 
"A few reasons, really," Spears said. "I did want that Star Seed. To finally get it in my grasp and find it'd been emptied – by you? That was both insult and injury. Stupid woman had to die. At least you got laid though, eh, Jones? Heard that's how she got it."
"All this?" Alibi asked.  "Just to get the Star Seed?" 
"Well... and to kill you, of course," Spears said.
"Of course," Alibi said, with due sarcasm.
"Idiot," Spears said. "I didn't want to miss my chance."
"What?"
"You have no idea what you're walking into, do you?" Spears said. "Or, I should say, flying into. You gave them the golden opportunity! The Greater Tah, the Xen'Tah, they couldn't get at you with their oversized war machines. Not when you're surrounded by asteroids. But what do you do? Decide to get out from inside your cover! Brilliant!" Spears shook his head. "Idiot," he repeated.
"We haven't picked up anything," Alibi said.
"You know what the Greater Tah are really good at?" Spears said. He pointed to the circlet on his head. "Shielding."
Oh shit.
"You're bluffing," Alibi said. "There's no one out there."
"Keep believing that," Spears said. "And fly these good people right on into their line of fire."
"Let's say they are out there," Alibi said. "What? They let you come in ahead as... what? An advance scout?"
"Pulled some favors," Spears said. "Wanted a chance to kill you – before you killed yourself."
I could reach out and check for those forces with my mind – but that would make me vulnerable. 
Nope. Not doing that. Not yet, anyway.
Could they really be waiting for us out there?
Maybe we can park in place and keep deflecting rocks for the time being... if I can get out of this alive.
And maybe he's just bluffing.


Chapter Eighty-One

"Do you have them all yet?" Justin Spears called back to Hap's two companions.
"Almost," the woman said. The other man didn't speak, but continued concentrating.
"Lot of people on board this... thing," Spears said. "What do you call it? A base? A station?"
"What are they doing?" Alibi said.
"Well, not that you're owed explanations, but... they're trying to get a hold on every mind in this... place," Spears said. "Should be easy to get people to surrender. When we can just think you all dead, huh?"
That's why they've looked so out of it. Can't underestimate them.
Shields. He had that knowledge, now.
He could try to shield them and thwart their efforts.
KB?
 “Yes Alibi?”
Can I shield them?
"Not Hap, you’re not strong enough. Not yet. The other two? Perhaps. If they are reaching out for all the minds around us, they should be open and vulnerable."
Alibi concentrated, shielding his own mind first, using his new knowledge to bolster his double doors. Alibi pictured a shield like a helmet above the head of each of the two behind Hap. He infused the shields with... what? Power of some kind, drawn from... where? Within?
Still learning so much.
"What are you doing," Hap said. "I feel... something."
"Protecting myself," Alibi said.
Which is true. But I'm doing this, too.
Alibi felt the need to nod as he thought the "helmets" into place around the heads of the other two.
The man and woman both became alert, immediately drawn back into the here and now.
"Hey!" the man exclaimed, glaring at Alibi. His hands attempted to pry off the invisible helmet on his head, his fingers clawing at air.
"How did you," the woman began, but trailed off as Hap shushed her with a wave of his arm. She tried to grasp her shield with her hands but, meeting air, only succeeded in grabbing her head. 
"You've sealed them off," Hap said. "You shouldn't be able to do that!"
"Grant the shields independence."
What, KB? 
"Make them each their own entity. Do it now. Quickly."
Alibi "granted" the shields independence. It made him feel a little tired.
"Good. Brace yourself. He's building. Think spiky thoughts. He will try to shield you, as you shielded them."
Spiky thoughts? I'm a cactus, how's tha...
"Unh!" 
Alibi grunted as Hap's thoughts hit him like a fist in the gut.
"Be slippery."
I'm a cactus covered in oil. Spiky and slippery.
"Gather yourself more power. You need more, now."
How?
"You have a well inside you. Draw forth from within."
Alibi gritted his teeth. As slippery and as spiky as he was thinking himself to be, he felt Hap's thoughts grabbing at him, trying to smother him, invisible hands all over, slapping, poking, prodding. Hard to concentrate on finding this proverbial "well" inside him the Knowledge Base said he needed to draw from.
Well, well, well... where is the well...
"Deep inside. Core power. Mindwater."
Mindwater. I like that.
"Find your well. Draw upon your Mindwater. You lost power in creating the shields. You need more now."
And there it was. He figured it out – he'd been thinking of the power as energy – which it was, of a sort – but it wasn't physical energy, like lightning or current or static electricity. It was internal energy – more than mere mental energy, it came from a deeper source, and this energy flowed. He could draw on it.
"Mindwater. Be mindful not to take in too much."
He didn't need to ask why – Hap was ample evidence of its abuse, standing right there in front of him.
"I didn't think you had it in you, Alibi," Hap said. "Didn't think you had the balls to try. Or the Faith."
"Faith?" Alibi said. "This is alien tech, Hap. Not the work of God. The work of the Ancient Enemy."
"The Lord works in mysterious ways," Hap said. "Through many flawed vessels. I offer myself as proof of that."
"Yeah," Alibi said. "About that. I'm not sure you're doing God's work, either, Hap. Now that you've powered up your mind, can't you see how limited you've been? How you've been trapped by your beliefs? Look at what they've done to you!"
Hap looked down for a moment. He looked back at the two remaining members of his flock, and then over at Alibi. 
"I have to be doing His work," Hap said, in a quiet voice. "Otherwise, too many died in vain. My Son died in vain." Hap closed his eyes for a moment. They opened again with steel in them. "No. I reject your words," he proclaimed, his voice much louder. "I reject the temptations of Satan!"
"The Devil you know?" Alibi asked. He was drawing on his Mindwater, filling back up. He could feel, now that he was recharging or refilling, how creating the shields had cost him in Mindwater, how granting them independence cost more.
"Yes. But if you had not granted them independence, when Hap attacked you, he would have cut off the flow of power, your Mindwater, from those shields, and they would have collapsed. Watch out."
Alibi saw energy strands, flows of polluted, oily Mindwater, flowing off of Hap's head, erratic, chaotic, snaking out and writhing in the air around him as if he was a male Medusa. 
Haphazard? Hap hazard.
Alibi chuckled. A small part of him was relieved he still had his bad sense of humor.
The flows of the other two were contained within their shields, gray globes of energy writhing around their heads. Every so often, the shields would bulge out in a spot, for a moment, then snap back into position, as the one within attempted to free themselves from containment.
I can see the energy, now. 
"You have learned to perceive it. Your mind has figured out a frame of reference for the power. It has always been there. Now, you can see it. Yes."
The strands of mind-water energy around Hap's head drew together into a single, thick, menacing looking mass hovering above him.
"Oh, what the fuck," Spears said. "What are you two doing?"
Spears should not have distracted Hap at that moment.
"Bad timing," Alibi mumbled.
Hap's energy lashed out at Spears, surrounding his head, and squeezed. Physically, a rapid, invisible vise. Spears had no time to gasp, his brain crushed inside his shattered, flattened skull in an instant. He collapsed, dead on the floor.
Hap's shoulders fell. Alibi saw his energies dissipate.
"Dammit," Hap said. "I was not supposed to do that. Just wanted to scare him. Didn't think I could get past that ringlet thingy." He glared at Alibi. "Look what you made me do!!"
"Guess your deal with Constantine is off, huh?" Alibi said.
Constantine would want Hap dead. Alibi made the thought real, gave it Mindwater, and thought-washed Hap once again. Alibi watched it hit Hap as if his own awareness was dawning.
"He's going to want me dead," Hap said.
That worked.
"That was supposed to be you!" Hap shouted at Alibi. The oily energy began coalescing above his head again.
Maybe it worked too well.
I wonder if he can see it like this, too? I don't think so, or he'd sense my Mindwater thought-washes.
Hap cocked his head, a dog distracted by distant sounds beyond range of human hearing.
"Something's happening," Hap said. "Someone's doing something!"
"What?" Alibi asked. 
I'm not going to open myself up to sense it... could be a bluff.
Speaking of which.
"Hap," Alibi said, to get his attention. "Constantine doesn't know you did this." He nodded down at Spears' body. "He doesn't need to know. I don't want to fight you, fight with you. Why don't you just leave now, and go home? Take Spears' ship. He doesn't need it anymore. Go home and take care of Ruth."
Hap smiled at him. There was no humor in that grin.
"Nice try, but I can't," Hap said. "I'd never make it past the fleet."
Fuck. Not the right answer.
"There really is one out there?" Alibi asked.
"Oh yeah," Hap said. "There is. My allies. You're right, Alibi – they don't know I did this. Thanks."
"Your allies?"
"Impressive, too," Hap said. "They've got these giant ships that don't even look like ships, just a bunch of construction around giant engines and a big gun."
"So, they're giant, huh?" Alibi said.
"Oh yeah," Hap said, missing the sarcasm. "The Xen'Tah seem to run them. Extermination Platforms or something like that. Four or five of those. But they can't get them past the asteroids at all."
'What about their vaunted shielding?"
"All shields have some vulnerability," Hap said. "You just have to find the flaw. In this case? A physical object, tumbling slow, sneaks right on through all their deflector shields. Boom."
Hap grinned at him again. Alibi didn't like it.
"All shields," Hap said. He snapped his fingers. The containment fields around the heads of his two followers dissipated as Alibi's shields disappeared.
How?!
No time for contemplating the means as Alibi dealt with a fresh attack from the three together, newly combined. He filled up with Mindwater and tried to power up his shields, as their oily pollution came crashing down on him in steady waves. Wave after greasy wave.
"Not only your shields. Power up your framework."
What, KB?
"Pour your energy flow up inside, through your inner framework, your greater self."
Alibi tried to figure out how to do that and fend off the poison tide.
"Your Gift."
The Knowledge Base projected an image into his mind, a framework built around eleven interconnected energy centers, a central pillar of five and three on each side. 
"Some use this metaphor. Tree of Life."
Seems familiar. Isn't helping right now!
The only framework Alibi could attend to was the one blocking the assault from the other three telepaths, the shields he had worked up and powered up into place.
The attack eased as Hap broke off to look around, again distracted.
"What the?" Hap said. "What is that? Who... Alibi Jones, I'm surprised at you. Hold off, hold off for a second," Hap said, waving down the other two. "Are you picking up that?"
In the lull, Alibi tried to picture the framework described by the Knowledge Base. But Hap kept talking.
"You know, I could see you altering yourself, Alibi," Hap said. "If you thought you had no other choice. But I didn't think you'd start changing other people, after all you said to me! What a hypocrite!"
Alibi had to reach out after what Hap said. He tried to maintain shields as well – Selective Containment, he kept chanting as a mantra. And there it was. 
Emily had used the Star Seed Substance. She was in his office. Changing.
And Kit had used it, too. 
She must have brought him in.
Three on three. Ever logical. 
The Knowledge Base attempted to reassure him.
"I am working with them, now."
Why didn't you warn me?
Alibi was angry.
"You were quite otherwise occupied. As you still are."
"I didn't know they were going to do this," Alibi said. "I'm no hypocrite. I wouldn't make anyone take it. How many people did you kill with the Substance, Hap? Including your own son?"
Hap lost it and flung a fist of Mindwater power at Alibi, knocking him to the ground.
As Alibi struggled to get to his feet, Hap advanced.
He was stopped by the sound of the door behind Alibi opening.


Chapter Eighty-Two

"Three on three," Emily said, as she walked into the corridor.
Alibi turned to look. She'd been changed. 
Emily had been physically altered by the Substance. Bulked up. She had always been fit, but wiry. Now, she seemed a little bigger, overall, as if she'd been at the gym for six months straight. In the last half hour.
"I used it," she said.
"Figured that out," Alibi said.
A shadow filled the door behind her. A walking, six-and-a-half foot tall, mangy mound of fur followed.
A huge Dakhur? Kit?
As it walked up behind Emily, it opened a large, fanged mouth, and roared. It raised longer, more articulate claws than the usual Dakhur and combed back hair from its eyes and face, giving it a mane. If it was Kit, he now seemed a thing half man, half lion, glaring down at them with wild, feral eyes.
"Kit?" Alibi said.
"Hruuunnnrhh," Kit said.
Uh-oh.
"I think the process broke his translator," Emily said. "And turned him into a Sasquatch."
Alibi felt a little relieved. Tiny, small, little bit relieved. But not for long.
"Haaarrrrhheerrrr," Kit growled. 
He sounds... angry.
"He doesn't like being called a Sasquatch," Emily said. "Figured out that much, anyway. I don't think he knows what it means, just doesn't like it."
"We never know what God's Gift will do to us, do we?" Hap said, drawing their attention. "Take Martin and Tina here. Both of them have enormous gifts through their minds, through the Power of the Holy Spirit. Martin can see down inside you to your soul, and if he sees you are unclean, he can purify you. Unfortunately, you're then brain dead, but you go to God as one of his angels."
"I'm sure you do," Alibi said.
"But Tina here?" Hap said. "She can move things with the Power of the Holy Spirit. Show them Tina."
Tina smiled, raised her hands in front of her on each side, and made a flinging motion.
A blast of force rocked Alibi into the side wall. As he got up, he saw Kit had been bowled back, but Emily still stood in place. 
I didn't see anything when she did that.
"It is another, different kind of manifestation."
"This is a rare Gift," Hap said. "But we did have a couple who were gifted. Poor Tina here can't do it too often, she gets tired. It is very tiring." He looked them over, Alibi, Emily and Kit. "So. You think it's a fair fight, now, do you?"
"I do," Emily said. "Or not. You don't know what we can do, now. Do you?" She asked, in subtle mockery. "I didn't feel a thing."
"It turned you into stone, then, did it?" Hap said. "Maybe it's because you're a bodybuilder."
"Oh, this?" she said, flexing her arms. "This is all-new. Feels pretty good, actually."
"It did that?" Hap said, with genuine surprise. "I've never seen it make physical alterations like that."
"No?" Emily said. "Well, look at him. He's a Dakhur! Or, he was."
"Haaarrrrgh," Kit growled.
"Oh," Hap said, surprised. "I've only seen it alter heads and minds."
"Dosage, purity, mindset and setting. Each of these things matters as you undergo the transformation."
The Knowledge Base instructed Alibi.
"Maybe we each get what we want out of it," Alibi said.
"Or what we need," Emily said.
"If one seeks warriors of the mind, one gets warriors of the mind. If one seeks to protect and defend, one gets greater gifts to protect, and defend. If one seeks greater size, strength and ferocity, these things can also come one's way."
Can any of the others hear you, KB?
"No others have yet been given access to the knowledge base in raw form. I instruct them in other ways."
So why didn't I bulk up like Emily?
"You sought to do more than merely protect and defend."
I did?
"Of course. You sought to be a savior."
What?
"One who saves a great many people. That is not a savior? One who saves?"
Not the exact meaning, no.
"You required greater gifts. And you had already been given One Gift, which signaled your appropriateness."
My inner Library card, huh?
"Who's that?" Emily asked, pointing at Spears' corpse.
"Justin Spears," Alibi said. "He came here to kill me."
"So you beat him to it?" She asked.
"Nah, Hap did that," Alibi said. "Little argument they had between 'em."
"Wow," she said. "You play rough, Hap." She frowned. "Well, if he was here to kill you, Alibi, guess I'm glad he's dead. Thanks, Hap?" 
"Do not thank me!" Hap said.
Now that they've been... altered... can I speak mind-to-mind with Emily and Kit?
"Emily, no. Hers is more of a physical change, though she now has incredible inherent shields and quite a strong personal invulnerability field. Kit, you may be able to reach, once he settles a bit. There is too much chaos in him, now, however."
Good to know.
"You can also speak with Hap."
Really?
"You have before. Whether you realized it or not."
While the exchange of thoughts took mere seconds, Alibi kept his attention trained on Hap, lest he pull something. Emily was working him up, not necessarily a good thing. 
Ask Spears.
"We've got a bigger problem than these three," Alibi said. "According to Spears and Hap? There's a combined Solar Alliance and Greater Tah fleet out there waiting for us to exit the asteroid field."
"I know," she said.
"You do? How?"
"They've started blasting at rocks to clear a path toward us," she said. "I guess we weren't moving fast enough. But they must have dropped shields or something, because, all of a sudden, there they were, firing away at asteroids. A couple of really big ships, too."
"Great," Alibi said.
"That's what made me decide to, you know," she said, looking down at her bulkier self. "The odds were getting more and more stacked against us."
"I know," Alibi said.
Kit pushed past Emily and walked up to Alibi. It was strange to be looking up at him. Alibi looked him in the eyes. There was some of the Kit he remembered there, but not much. There was a wildness instead, and fear.
I wish you could hear me, my friend.
"I hear you, Alibi Jones. In my mind."
Some of the feral wildness eased, as Kit relaxed for the first time since Alibi had seen him altered.
You have been changed by the Star Seed Substance.
"Yes. Quite a bit. And my translator no longer understands me. And... I am not in complete control, Alibi Jones. I will be dangerous. Be careful."
I will be.
Kit broke off the eye to eye contact. He turned to assess Hap and his companions.
Kit?
No response.
Guess I'll need to be in close contact with him for that to work.
"Correct."
Thank you, KB.
A low growl began building in the back of Kit's throat.
"Kit has given you access. That means you can shield him."
What, like I did the other two? Why?
"No, a defensive shield. To protect him."
I can? How?
"You know how."
And Alibi found that he did. 
It was almost the inverse of the other shields, as he thought it into existence over Kit's head. He infused it with a quantity of mindwater and sealed it off, independent.
"You are learning"
"What did you just do?" Hap asked. "I could feel... something weird. You did something, Alibi. Stop doing things with your mind!"
"Can't help it," Alibi said. "My mind is always going, doing stuff, you know?"
Kit started walking toward Hap.
"What's he doing?" Hap asked Alibi.
"I don't know," Alibi said. "Ask him."
"Hrrrr," Kit said.
Hap backed away from Kit as he approached, drawing even with his two followers, then falling a little behind them.
Kit looked from Hap, to Martin, to Tina. Then, Kit looked back at Alibi and Emily. There was more of the old Kit in his eyes, but more wildness in them as well. He turned back to the trio in front of him.
Kit jumped. He was on Martin in less than a heartbeat, knocking him down and landing on top of him, slashing down with sharp claws at the man's face and chest.
"Aurrrgghhgle!" Martin managed to cry as he succumbed to Kit's claws.
Tina turned to push Kit off of Martin. She made pushing moves in front of her in the air, but Alibi's shield protected him. Kit didn't budge from his slashing. Tina had to turn and defend herself as Emily neared. Tina did more pushing, but Emily seemed immune, too. 
"This isn't fair!" Tina yelled, as Emily closed in.
Alibi stopped noticing any of this. 
He and Hap grew locked, mind to mind. In trying to pierce each other's shields and attack, they'd become entangled. Though they stared at each other in the corridor, the real action was on the imaginal plane within.
The entanglement surrounded him like weeds, so Alibi began hacking though them with a mental machete, trying to find a clearing. A space opened up as the jungle around him subsided, and Hap strode into view.
"Where are we?" Hap asked as he approached.
"Inside our minds," Alibi said.
"Yours or mine?"
"Both, I think," Alibi said. "And neither. The space in-between."
Hap looked around.
"What does it look like to you?" he asked Alibi.
"A jungle, I guess," Alibi said. "Maybe a rainforest. What about you?"
"Huh... the Roman Colosseum, maybe?" Hap said. "Like ancient ruins. With an invisible crowd. Spectator ghosts."
"That's... different," Alibi said. 
"The ancient Christians were thrown to the lions here," Hap said. "Interesting."
"Not here," Alibi said. "Jungle, remember?"
"Do you feel the eyes?" Hap asked. "Who watches?"
"I don't. Feel eyes, I mean. No watchers."
"This is a strange place," Hap said. "It feels wrong."
"I don't know, it's kind of like being in a Garden of Eden," Alibi said. "Which reminds me – didn't Adam and Eve get thrown out of the Garden of Eden for eating apples off the Tree of Knowledge? Didn't that make you wonder at all about your new 'sacrament'? That gave you 'knowledge'?"
"Still looks like ruins to me," Hap said, ignoring him.
"Didn't God get mad at Adam and Eve for trying to be like God?" Alibi asked. "What are you doing? What knowledge have you gained?" 
"And you really see a jungle?"
"Maybe there's some knowledge we shouldn't have," Alibi said.
"That make me the man who knew too much, then?" Hap said, finally engaging. "You're certainly the man who talks too much."
"Too much knowledge... too much rope," Alibi said. "Too much information."
"Why hold back?" Hap asked. "Why stymie and stifle potential, Alibi? Why not adapt and change and live into new tomorrows? Live out our God-given potential!"
"But what if the lesson of the Garden of Eden is that there is some knowledge that we shouldn't have?" Alibi asked. 
"Can you really know too much?" Hap said.
"Maybe."
"You're a fool, Alibi," Hap said. "Look at you. I can see it. You could tap into the source in ways I can't, but...  you hold yourself back. You don't know how powerful you are. You could stop Constantine, the Greater Tah, all of this, with your mind. But you won't."
"Just because we can do something doesn't mean we should," Alibi said.
"Spare me the tired platitudes," Hap said. "You're scared. That holds you back. Everything else is just excuses."
Hap turned away from him for a moment. As he turned back, he grew in height by ten feet, towering over Alibi!
"This is why you LOSE!"
Hap brought his giant right palm down on Alibi as if swatting a gnat.
WHOOOOM!
The hand passed through Alibi.
"Dammit," Hap said, now back to normal height.
Alibi remained silent. He had been thinking of a way to make the personal shield he'd used on the other two stronger. It might hold Hap.
"What are you doing?" Hap asked. "I can see you drawing on power."
It was true. Alibi was letting the Mindwater flow up and into him, empowering him.
"Thinking," Alibi said.
As Alibi drew in the Mindwater, he could feel the others around them. Though they didn't appear in this imaginal space Hap and he were conversing in, Alibi could feel them all the same. The chaos of Kit. The bright beacon shining – that was Emily. Still bright as ever, undimmed by her transformation. By contrast, the oily, polluted mindwater of Hap and his woman follower were floating masses of wrongness, like clots of wastewater loose in zero gee. To be avoided, if possible.
"Not possible," Alibi said, the thought simply manifesting.
"What?" Hap said. "To stop me? Correct. Let's see..." He grinned. "I can still feel almost all the people on your base here through Tina's links and the lingering touch of Martin's mind. And if I reach out just so... yes!"
Hap's eyes rolled up back in his head for a moment. Then he came back to himself.
"Woah," he said. "That was a reach. But I can touch them all, Alibi. And that means I can kill them all. Not all at once or instantly. If I had more of my people still alive we could have made it merciful. Now? If I have to do it? It's gonna hurt. Waves of pain."
"You're lying," Alibi said.
"You'd really gamble on that?" Hap said. "You don't have to. Reach out. Touch my mind for a moment and see that I am connected to them all. And know that if you try anything as you do, they all die."
Alibi reached out with his mind, trying to feel out the contours of Hap's defenses as he did.
"Don't do that," Hap said, with a frown. "Whatever you're doing. Just a touch. Nothing more."
"Sorry," Alibi said. Having pulled back, this time he extended the merest feeler of mind, just a touch. 
In the murky reflecting pool of Hap's mind, he could see the lights of the people of the Hornet's Nest. So many lights. He might not be touching them all, but he was in touch with so many, it didn't matter.
Alibi pulled back. He felt a strange spark leap back from Hap with him.
What was that?
"Now you know," Hap said.
KB? How do I stop him?
No answer. Alibi wondered if Hap would hear the Knowledge Base answer here in this imaginal space. That could be why it stayed quiet. It was damned inconvenient.
"Great," Alibi said. "So, you can hold the entire place hostage. What do you want?"
"Peace," Hap said. "Law and Order."
"Meaning?"
"Surrender," Hap said. "You surrender and agree to tell your people to give in to the Solar Alliance and the Greater Tah peacefully. They come in, take over, no one gets hurt."
"What about me?" Alibi said.
"I get you," Hap said. "Part of my deal with Constantine. You come back to Fortuna. Live with your mother and me. You'll be fine. While Ruth lives. After she's gone? Well, no guarantees, you know?"
Alibi stared at Hap. 
Would the new shield restrain him?
"Life has no guarantees, does it?" Alibi said.
"What are you doing?" Hap said. "Stop it! You know I can tell when you're..."
Alibi brought the shield down over Hap.
"Hey! You can't!" Hap said. Then nothing more. He tried to speak, but no sound came out.
"He is somewhat shielded. That is why he can't speak here now."
KB! Where were you?
"I cannot communicate with you alone in this space. Unless he is shielded."
So, I did it!
"Somewhat. He is still 'here' – that shows you his power, and that it remains. In fact, it is probably building up inside of your shield right now. That will be dangerous."
Dangerous? What do I do? Take it off him?
"No. It is too late. He will erupt when freed. The results could be catastrophic to unprotected minds around him."
Shit. I need to get him out of here, then.
"Not him, just his mind. But yes, far away from other minds."
What should I do?
"Get him to chase you?"
Hap realized Alibi couldn't hear what he'd been saying and stopped trying to talk. He lunged at Alibi.
Alibi dodged Hap, and then decided in this imaginal realm, this quasi jungle, he knew how to fly.
Alibi leapt into the air and began flying. He aimed for the sun.
Jungle has a sun, and the Hornet's Nest orbits our own star. Gotta be a true direction even on this plane.
The jungle indeed gave way to a familiar field of stars, and Alibi found himself cruising by the star the Hornet's Nest's asteroid field orbited. He looked back and saw that Hap trailed him, also flying.
How far should we go?
Should have gone the other way and checked out the fleet. But... did need the star for bearings.
Alibi reached the other side of the star and slowed.
"No! Further. Much further."
The thought-voice from KB was faint.
Alibi sped back up.
"I can no longer speak, but will be with you..."
The thought-voice of the Knowledge Base faded out of his mind.
Hap, on the other hand, was gaining on him.
Alibi felt something tingling on his side, something kind of pulling at him. He sped up, heading for the edge of the galaxy. 
Hap was almost on top of him! How was he flying so fast? Alibi decided he could fly faster, and sped up. But the tingle in his side was now an ache – it hurt.
"I have a hook in you, half-brother!" Hap said. Alibi noted he could hear him again, that couldn't be good. His shield was weakening. They needed to be further away from people.
Alibi looked back, and Hap grinned and yanked the air as if pulling on an invisible rope. Alibi's side lit up with fire. Hap had hooked him? How? What did that mean?
"Now, you'll never get loose from me!"
Fuck that.


Chapter Eighty-Three

Alibi flew. As hard as he could, as fast as he could. 
Around and through nebulae, past planets of all shapes and sizes, around blue giants and white dwarfs and yellow stars and red giants and supernovae, past pulsars and quasars, all the while trying to lose the "hook" Hap had sunk into his side.
It was no use. Every so often Hap gave it a mental yank, letting Alibi know he still had him.
Alibi grew tired. Mentally exhausted by the astral chase.
"You're never getting away from me now," Hap said, far too close behind.
Alibi changed course to fly up off the plane of the spiral arm he was in, away from the stars and space dust and unprotected minds. He flew beyond the limits of this galaxy, and soon past the next, into the darkness in between the stars.
Maybe there is a way.
He knew the Knowledge Base would not approve, but he cast his mind out to find the eternal NO! 
The NO! he'd sensed before in the dark and silent spaces, the realm of Nothing. 
And there it was again. 
It was beautiful. He could not comprehend it. 
It was Nothing. 
It was Beautiful.
"Look at that, Hap," Alibi said, as Hap approached.
"What?" Hap said. Sour faced. 
Alibi reached over and loosed Hap from the shield. Freed, Hap blew out consciousness like a mental supernova, his polluted power pouring forth uncontrolled. 
The hunger of the NO! was profound and felt keenly by Alibi as it beheld the feast of Hap. And so, it began to consume. 
"It's beautiful," Hap said. "Did you bring me out here to see this, Alibi? Thank you! Is it... is it God? So beautiful..."
Alibi knew now to race away. He sped from Hap as fast as he could, and he felt Hap's hook catch, finally, at some distance, and then rip away, disappearing into the darkness.
PAIN!
Had Hap torn off a piece of Alibi's soul with his hook? 
Alibi felt like something was missing, something small, but important, but he couldn't place what. 
Freed, he raced back to rejoin his body in the Hornet's Nest. 
Alibi allowed himself to return to the physical plane. He shook as he came back into himself. 
Kit flashed by him, pouncing and landing on top of Hap. 
"Raaaawwwer!" The altered Dakhur roared as its fur and claws flew.
Something snapped. A silver chord let go.
"Grrrrr," Kit said, slowing his attack.
Emily had a foot on the back of Tina on the floor in front of her.
"Hurrrr," Kit growled. Alibi looked over and looked Kit in the eyes.
Kit, do you hear me?
"Alibi Jones! I am having a hard time stopping myself. I did not mean to kill these men."
I know. You're adjusting. 
You'll be okay, Kit! These were bad men. It had to be done.
Apparently the big cat-man had done in Hap's body. Alibi kept his next thoughts to himself.
The colosseum? 
Maybe Hap knew where he was, after all. 
Killed by our Lion.
I'm not sure there was anything much left of Hap left in his body to kill, however.
"Is there anyone else on their ship?" Emily asked.
"I don't think so," Alibi said. "Let me check."
Alibi felt like he could finally open himself up to search out his surroundings, expose himself a little, be vulnerable. 
He reached out. 
First, he sensed Hap and his man, Martin. Both were clearly dead, any spark moving on and away from their bodies. 
The woman on the floor was also gone. She might be physically alive, but her soul was no longer there.
"Emily what happened to her?"
Emily looked down, frowned, and then lifted her foot up off the woman.
"She was still with us when I put her down," Emily said. "She was squirming. He kind of touched her before he died," she nodded at Hap. "Wonder if he did that to her."
"Taking her with him?" Alibi said. "Sad. To the end." 
Alibi gathered calm and let his awareness expand. And grew surprised. 
He again paused in his searching.
"Hey, Emily," he said. "We stopped moving."
"Yeah," Emily said. "I did that when I saw what was waiting for us out there. We're okay for now."
"Okay?" he said. She nodded. "Okay, then." 
Alibi again let his consciousness widen out. Spears' Stinger Ship outside was empty – all passengers seemed accounted for. He could feel Grizz, Hector, Katie, DJ and Bob out there, buzzing around keeping stray rocks away. 
Further out still, he could feel the Solar Alliance Interplanetary Force (SAIF) strike force, almost eighty ships total, a Dreadnaught, its Stinger Ships, Cruisers and attack wing. 
Yep. Real enough.
And there were Greater Tah ships as well, harder to feel. Alibi began to sense the absence of feeling again, similar to how Spears' circlet had felt invisible. In this case, however, the size was massive, like three small moons. A word came to him.
Enforcers.
These were the Xen'Tah Enforcers he'd heard about. He couldn't feel them with his mind, so he tried to be present remotely in the space to view them visually. They were odd-looking. They relied on force field shielding, and didn't enter atmospheres, so they didn't have proper hulls. As Hap had said, they looked like floating construction platforms built around big guns and engines.
There were still a few thousand asteroids around The Hornet's Nest, so they appeared safe for the moment. Alibi surveyed the space around them. He could see where the wake of the passing of the Hornet's Nest had disturbed the age-old equilibrium of the orbiting field – rocks careened chaotically, smashing together, shooting off askew or drifting away on a new trajectory.
We'll have to keep moving the Nest forward to stay ahead of that. A little each day.
Alibi expanded out further, enjoying the scope and scale of his awareness. He saw the Greater Tah, the extent of all they held in their orderly grip. A huge number of worlds, now. So many sparks of life, held to their discipline.
He once used a tool of the Ancient Enemy, a travel chair, they called it, which allowed him to travel astrally among the stars. This was similar and yet very different, more organic, if that was a term that still held meaning.
Alibi had no desire to delve too deeply this time, and so pulled back from the dark spaces between the stars and galaxies, resisting the call of the eldritch powers. A Hunger beyond Ancient. He could still sense it, though. He knew. It knew him.
As Alibi pulled back, he saw the Depot Fringe, as scattered bright lights, bright patches of consciousness gathered together, yet spread out across light years. 
Alibi focused in on himself, drawing inward, back through the asteroid field, the Nest, and into his own mind. A glimpse of something he sensed just before becoming solid once more gave him some inspiration as he returned to the physical. Kat.
"Their ship is empty outside," Alibi said. "But there is a Strike Force out there. And three big Greater Tah ships, I think they call them 'Enforcers'."
"We've been picking up something like that," she said.
"I also saw the path we're leaving behind us," Alibi said. "We can't go back."
"No!" Emily said. "No, we can't."
"And we have to keep moving ahead a bit every day to stay ahead of the chaos we've already left in our wake."
"Yup," she said. "You saw all that, huh?"
"Yeah," Alibi said. "We're going to need those Transpace Drives after all."
"Krish is working on them," Emily said. 
"Okay," Alibi said. "Sounds good. Another thing... Kit!"
The half-feral cat-beast-man turned his way. Alibi tried to lock eyes with him to speak mind to mind, but Kit looked away.
"Kit!" Alibi yelled at him. "Look at me, dammit!"
Kit looked him in the eyes, and Alibi felt his shame as well as his thought of it.
"I am ashamed of what I am now, of what I've become, Alibi Jones."
I have an idea to stabilize you. Maybe.
"Really?"
Will you come with me?
"Where?"
To your quarters.
"Yes."
"I'm going to take Kit to his quarters," Alibi said to Emily. "I have an idea that might help him."
"You do?" she said. "Okay."
"Why don't you head back to the control room, see where we're at. We're going to need more pilots to run protect and blast missions around us to keep us safe. And we need to keep an eye on that fleet, see if they start trying to blast their way in again."
"I was thinking the same thing," she said.
"I don't need to tell you, then," Alibi said. He smiled. "Were you also thinking about getting Krish more personnel if he can use them?"
"I was," she said.
"Yup, I don't have to tell you anything, then," Alibi said. "Let me see if I can help Kit. And maybe someone else, too."
"Who?"
"I don't want to say, yet," Alibi said. "Sorry to be mysterious. Just... hope for the best."
"Alright."


Chapter Eighty-Four

Alibi led Kit to Kit's quarters.
"Kit!" Alibi said, to get his attention. Kit looked him in the eyes.
"Now, what, Alibi Jones?"
Give me a few minutes, okay? I need to concentrate for a minute or two.
Alibi allowed himself to open his mind, just slightly. Enough to perceive the other presence in those quarters, the one he'd sensed earlier.
Kat... is that you?
"Alibi Jones! You can sense me!"
Yes.
"It has been so long! Oh, praise the founders. You can sense me. But... What has happened to Kit?"
He has been altered by the Substance from the Star Seed. He has lost an element of control.
"Oh."
Do you sense how he ricochets around within his shell? 
"I do. Chaotic," Kat thought back.
As if there was too much room?
"Oh. Now I understand what you propose to do, Alibi Jones."
I believe the two of you, together in there, could control what he has become. It is not perfect, but it would give you back a body again some of the time, and would give Kit control back, some of the time.
"Can we do this? How?"
I think I may be able to facilitate it. Let me see.
Kit!
"Kit!" Alibi yelled in the physical realm as well, trying to get his attention.
He swung his large brown and orange furred body around and glared down at Alibi.
"Herrrrrrr," he growled.
Kit, do you hear me?
"Yes!"
Kat is here.
"Kat is dead!"
Kat is not dead. Kat is here. 
But he has no body. 
Come here, Kat. 
See as I see, Kit. Let me put my hand on you, Kit.
Alibi reached out, gingerly, carefully, and laid a hand on Kit's shoulder. Kit was vibrating with intense energies. Alibi placed his other hand where Kat's shoulder would have been, were he there physically.
"KAT! I see Kat!"
Kit gained clarity as he spotted his long lost brother.
"I see you, too, brother."
Alibi started to think in terms of Mindwater, and began to draw its flowing power into himself, letting it flow into Kat and Kit, too.
"What are you doing, Alibi Jones?"
I'm drawing power in, to prepare for the transformation, Kat. Will you help Kit control his new form?
"Share his form?"
Share his new body. Kit, will you share your mind and body with your brother, if it means regaining your control?
"Yes! He is welcome to try to help."
Open yourself up, Kit.
Kat, walk through me into Kit.
Alibi felt Kat pass through him as he did as asked. 
Alibi added energy, added flowing Mindwater, and propelled Kat into Kit.
Hold on to your brother!
The giant cat-man blinked.
"Hrrrthis is very strange," KitandKat said, his translator once again working. The overlarge Dakhur smoothed fur from its face and shook its shoulders, loosening up. "I now know far too much about my brother. And so do I."
"Did it work?" Alibi asked.
"It seems to have, yes, it seems to have," KitandKat said.  "We both try speaking at once it is not working right yet."
"I'm sure this will take a lot of getting used to," Alibi said. "But Kit, you just brought your brother back from the dead."
"And invited him to move into my new body," KitandKat said. "This is jarring. And now I see what I have become, physically, more clearly. I am a monster."
"You don't have to be," Alibi said. "You're among people who care about you. And Kat. However we get Kat back, they're going to be happy he's here."
"I am Kat, please do not refer to me as if I am not here," KitandKat said.
"Like I said, this will take some getting used to," Alibi said. "You seem... calmer."
"Yes, that did work, as well, it did work," KitandKat said. "As well." He looked down. "I did not need to kill those men earlier."
"They were here to kill me," Alibi said. "I'm not condoning murder, Kit, and Kat, but defense is another thing." 
"This is very strange," KitandKat said. They shook their arms, as if testing them out.
"I'm glad it worked," Alibi said. "It's seems to have given you control, Kit, and brought us back Kat."
"There is control," KitandKat said. "But we share it."
"I imagine there will be a lot to work out," Alibi said. He yawned. "Sorry. I'm exhausted. But I'm going to head up to the Control Room and check on Emily and Krish's progress before I collapse and sleep a little."
"Thank you, Alibi Jones," KitandKat said. "This is a strange way to be. And yet, here we are. We have a lot to contemplate and work out within. Until later, then."
"Later," he said.
Alibi left KitandKat alone together.
He was almost asleep on his feet. 
"You should sleep."
KB? Can't I just draw on some mindwater or something?
"No. Correct that. You can. But. It is not recommended. You have done a great deal in a short time, and should rest."
Soon. Pretty cool to have Kat back, huh?
"That was... you should not have been able to do that. At your level."
I'm an overachiever.
Alibi ended the internal conversation as he walked into the Control Room. He spotted the newly bigger and bulkier Emily towering over the others as he entered. She almost had a glow. Her innate force fields now repelled some of Alibi's powers, so he didn't see through her the way he now saw through some others. Her inner spirit shined brightly – a luminous spark. 
"Emily!"
"Alibi Jones," she said. "Did you do your mysterious thing?"
"I did," Alibi said. "It is a very long story, and I am very tired. I'll be happy to tell you after some sleep. I have to sleep. If I can – what's going on?"
"No change from earlier," she said. "My course-plotting calculations will allow us to stay where we are for a while. Katie, DJ, Hector, Bob and Grizz are out protecting the Nest, picking off rocks and watching for any approaching ships. Nothing so far."
Alibi realized one name was missing. "What happened to Gentry?"
"He and your aunt headed back to Depot," she said. "Said he couldn't get caught here. Also mentioned that, if Constantine and the Greater Tah were going to war footing out here on the Fringe, he had work to do."
"I'll bet he does," Alibi said.
It would be nice to know whose side he was on.
"Is he on our side, Alibi?" she asked. 
"I was just wondering that myself," Alibi said. "Ahhh... I'm going to go sleep. Wake me up if anything happens."
"Will do," she said. "But don't worry, get some rest. You earned it."


Chapter Eighty-Five

"Alibi, wake up, we've got incoming ships. And the Transpace Drives are almost ready."
Alibi ripped himself up out of bed and responded.
"'Wake!" he managed. "What's happening?"
"They tried to send an attack wing in," Emily said. "Didn't go well for them. The asteroids are still our friends. Still, two fighters got through. Tried to go after our protector ships."
"What happened?" Alibi asked.
"DJ and Katie happened," Emily said. "They were on duty. Both highly accurate shots."
"So no more fighters?" 
"Couple more wings are scrambled out there that we can tell, but they're not moving this way yet," Emily said. "But the Exterminators or whatever they are just started firing at rocks again. Looks like they're going to try to clear a path to us, again."
"Enforcers," Alibi said. "I think."
"Worse than that?" she said. "By blowing apart the asteroids in front of them, they're disrupting the entire field. So, now we have stray rocks coming at us from their direction, too."
"Great," Alibi said. "What time... how much sleep did I get?"
"About four hours," she said.
"Thanks," he said. "I'll think on this while I get dressed." And he disconnected. 
KB? How do I move things with my mind?
"Telekinesis."
Thanks. Wasn't asking what it was called. Can I do it?
"Someone as early on in their development usually cannot. I have seen you do other things more advanced, however. So I would say perhaps. It is likely."
Is it easier to move animate or inanimate objects?
"There isn't a difference that I know of."
What do I need to know?
"Quiet your mind. I will give it to you."
Alibi closed his eyes. He didn't feel any different, but he suddenly had better knowledge of how to execute his plans. An idea of what he could and couldn't do. 
What he wanted to do fell kind of in between those two. He wasn't entirely positive he could do it. But he wasn't sure that he couldn't, either.
Thank you, KB.
"A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. My hope is by giving you more knowledge you'll become less dangerous."
We can hope. I'd rather not hurt anyone. At all.
"It is too late for that."
What? Hap?
"You know what you did. I was not speaking, but my presence was there, and aware. You were witnessed. You sacrificed one to the nameless nothing. You do not do this."
I didn't know what else to do. It was necessary.
"That may be. It was still an evil act. And the killing of the body made him unrecoverable. This is a stain upon your soul, Alibi Jones. Weight on your eternal spirit. You don't do that, even to your mortal enemy. Even if they would do it to you."
I'm sorry.
"This Knowledge Base may not be able to assist you any longer, Alibi Jones."
KB? Knowledge Base.
Nothing. Alibi's mind was quiet.
He sighed.
Alibi left his place and headed for the Transpace Drives first, to see what Krish had to report.
"Almost ready, Alibi," Krish said. "We need another day. At least."
"Another day?" Alibi said. "Krish... we don't have that kind of time. I was hoping for minutes and hours."
"Twenty-four hours?" Krish said. "Give or take a few minutes?"
"Not better," Alibi said. 
"I heard you did it," Krish said. "Used the substance. But... You look the same."
"Mine is mostly unlocking up here," Alibi said, pointing to his head.
"Emily and Kit are quite... altered," Krish said. "I counseled caution, but was ignored."
"Yet none of us turned evil," Alibi said. "Lost our humanity and became the Ancient Enemy."
"Kit?" Krish said.
"Feral," Alibi said. "I'll give you that. But I discovered Kat's bio energy was still here and alive, and bonded the two together. Kit's new altered form seems to have helped stabilize him. Them."
"You did?" Krish asked. "Kat is back?"
"As part of Kit," Alibi said. "The two are now combined in Kit's altered new body."
"How could... well, that might explain why Kit has refused to leave his room," Krish said. "This will take some getting used to!"
"It's a lot to process," Alibi said. "I can only imagine. I didn't like my half-brother even trying to get inside my head. But, then again, he was evil and such. I hope those two can live with each other like that."
"A miracle you found Kat alive," Krish said. "Or at least his energy."
"Speaking of miracles... " Alibi let the thought trail off.
"I will try to cut the time down, Alibi," Krish said.
"Do you need anything?" Alibi said. "People? Supplies?"
"We are good, I believe, Alibi," Krish said. "Resources aren't the question. It's now assembling and testing, to the extent we can."
"Well, then, I won't hold you up any longer," Alibi said. "Thank you, Krish."
"Thank you, Alibi."
Alibi made his way to the Control Room.
This newer part here looks like a starship. Suppose it's all the conduits and cables and stuff. Or just the way they design spaces around engines, what they're used to.
He walked into the Control Room. Alibi smiled at Emily as she looked up. She gave him a little wave, then turned back to the display she was studying. 
Emily didn't look the same, bulked up as she was. She wasn't quite acting the same, either. Maybe more bossy. Or maybe Alibi was intimidated by her new physicality.
More intimidated than before? She's always been formidable.
He was no longer attracted to her, however. That kind of disappointed him. He hadn't thought himself the shallow type, but... there was something to be said about looks and the way they work on the mind and body. A real change like this was... jarring. 
And I have no idea why my mind is going here now.
"You know, it's really uncanny," Emily said. "You don't look that different, Alibi. Or act that different."
"Not weird?" Alibi said.
"No weirder than usual," Emily said. "Although... "She paused. She looked around. No one else was paying attention to them, so she continued in a softer voice. "Our thing? It's kinda gone, huh?"
"I was just thinking that, too," Alibi said. "Makes me sad, in a way."
And makes me wonder if I was having some kind of mental impact on her. Making her love me. Now that she has natural shields, she would no longer be impacted, would she?
She gave him a look, the edges of her mouth slightly downturned.
"I'm sorry," she said. "You seem kinda small now."
"Don't pity me," Alibi said. "And I won't feel sorry for you, either. This is just one of those things that happens."
"When you experiment with an alien Substance on your mind and body," Emily said.
"As you get older," Alibi said. "And bigger, maybe." He smiled to let her know he was joking.
"I'm sorry I woke you up," she said. "I thought Krish was further along with the Transpace Drives."
"That you can apologize for," he said. "But, no, it was good. I got to check in with him and see where he was at. Give him some encouragement."
"He was over-promising yesterday, I think," she said. "Reality came and smacked him in the face."
"I think I might check on Kit," Alibi said. "See how he... they're holding up."
Emily smiled.
"I can't believe you brought back Kat!" She said.
"So you know?" Alibi asked.
"I stopped in to see them about an hour ago," Emily said. "They were okay. Thinking about who they are now. It is pretty amazing to have Kat back. Even like this. You know, these conditions."
"I hope they can keep it together," Alibi said.
"They will," she said.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
"Trying to plot our shortest route to a free enough space to use the Transpace Drives," she said.
"Can I see?"
"Sure."
Alibi walked over and leaned in to look at her display, showing a mesh of asteroid trajectories, an oval overlay indicating the gravity free zone needed for the Hornet's Nest to use its massive Transpace Drives. There wasn't a lot of space for the oval on the screen.
"Looks like spaghetti," Alibi said.
"Except, instead of meatballs, there are rocks," Emily said. "And no room to move. We may not get into a clear enough space to use the Drives, even when they're finished."
"I'm working on a plan," Alibi said. "Nothing firm yet. But I'm trying to come up with a way we might clear the rocks from our path."
"Good," she said. "We need it."
Alibi straightened up.
"How are we doing with protector ships?" He asked.
"Good," Emily said. "I have Hector and Bob on a wing with two newbies, and Katie and DJ leading two other ships on their wing, and Grizz with three other ships, in rotating wings of four. Eight hours on, sixteen hours off. The SAIF haven’t sent another attack wing in since that first costly run."
"Letting the Greater Tah Enforcers blow the asteroids away instead of running their ships into them?" Alibi said. "Good idea, I guess. The other seven pilots out there okay? Anyone good?"
"Not awesome, but enthusiastic... and learning fast," Emily said. 
Alibi winced.
"Not the best endorsement," Alibi said. "I hear you. They're not gonna be standing up to SAIF pilots in attack craft."
Emily shook her head "no".
"But they can hit rocks?"
"Yes!" She said. "Doing very well so far."
Alibi looked back at the display.
"So... which way are we moving now?"
"Well," Emily said, pointing. "Over here is our wake. That is really spaghetti-ish, because we disturbed a lot of rocks, which ricocheted into and disturbed more rocks, which then disturbed even more rocks... you get the idea. Can't go there. The rest isn't so much spaghetti as it is a chain mesh, a bunch of small, intricately connected, interlocked circles, all these rocks orbiting around each other in their eons-long gravitational dance."
"And we're breaking 'em up," Alibi said. "Changing the tune. Like we're disturbing the harmony."
"Maybe we did," she said. "But too late to get philosophical on that front, now." She changed the subject. "Look over here. See this spaghetti effect? These are the changes in these rocks' trajectories, their orbits, as a result of the blasting of the big ships out there."
"So, the chain link mesh turns into spaghetti when it gets disturbed," Alibi said. 
"Well, that's a really bad mixed up set of metaphors, but it kinda works," Emily said. "It means we can't go that way, either. I think if we vector off down about 40 degrees over here, however, we're steering our clearest course." She pointed out an area where there were fewer floating links to contend with.  
"That is clearer," he said. "But there's no space around us with enough room for the Transpace Drive to function within, if that oval overlay is accurate."
"No, I know," she said. "That's true. So far. I'm calculating the mass of the rocks in this area to find the smallest and lightest, See if there's a path we could open up in this general vicinity. By blasting."
He smiled at her.
"Good luck, Emily," he said. "I'll check back in later."
Alibi left the Control Room and headed back to the living spaces of the Hornet's Nest. He tried KitandKat's place, but they didn't want to be disturbed. He went home to his own apartments, figuring at worst to grab a catnap.
But first, he wanted to try something.


Chapter Eighty-Six

Alibi Jones sat down in his living room, on the couch, and quieted his mind. 
He ascended to float over his body in astral form, and allowed himself to expand a bit so he was capable of taking more in.
 Alibi allowed himself to fill with Mindwater, flowing with power, and floated up and out of the Hornet's Nest, tethered to his body and the Nest by a slim silver harmonic chord of life and Mindwater.
He rose above and beyond the elliptical plane of the star. His perception remained clear, and distant. He could see the Dreadnaught and the three Enforcers and their smaller, attendant ships, held back by the belt of asteroids within whose thickness the Nest now moved.
Turning back to the Nest, and looking at their wake, rocks tumbling and crashing, smashing into each other, blasting each other apart, Alibi knew whenever the asteroid belt settled back down into some kind of equilibrium there would be smaller, and more numerous, asteroids in the belt.
And here I thought moving the Hornet's Nest was a great idea.
Instead, it's bringing destruction.
Let's see if I can do anything about us being destroyed.
Alibi floated down toward the course Emily had been plotting the station's way through, dropping down to where the Nest would be this time tomorrow, at their current crawl. He'd noted a medium-sized, slow rock near the path when he'd eyed the display earlier. Now, he sought it out, finding it about where he thought it would be. 
Now, the test.
Alibi focused his mind and drew on the power and Mindwater, trying to form a physical push to the medium-sized rock using his mental abilities.
He felt some flow, but it wasn't enough to skip a pebble, never mind push a medium-big asteroid around. And the Mindwater wasn't coming like it had, it felt like a trickle. Alibi tried to push the rock all the same, but nothing happened.
KB? Are you punishing me? Stopping me?
"No."
Well, at least it was still there.
Why can't I do this?
"Because you are not here. You are back there. Push requires flow. You have very little flow, out here, in this form."
So I need to be here?
There was no answer.
You are being difficult.
"You are lucky. There should be no more communication. Precedence indicates this."
But?
"There has been no communication with anyone for a million years. You did not know this was wrong, though you perhaps should have. There are... factors. That weigh in your favor. And the larger question."
Larger?
"Before, you gave that eldritch darkness a mere taste of yourself, and you endangered your race and our entire settled universe. Now, you have fed it an entire malignant soul, full of all the information about who we are, where we are, what we are. If we abandon you, you will not be prepared to face the ultimate threat of this weaponized eldritch darkness when it comes. And now, it will come much sooner."
When?
"We cannot say. A decade? Five years? We cannot calculate this."
But... not tomorrow. Correct?
"Yes. Not tomorrow. It is almost infinitely unlikely to be tomorrow."
Almost?
There was no response.
Alibi drifted into his body and grounded himself back down in it.
I'm not sure I like being out of my body. Not when I've had it taken away from me once already. Maybe it's better to work in place. 
Have to head out there and see if I can move some rocks with my mind.
He got ready for bed, and found, still fairly exhausted, he fell right to sleep.

Alibi got up and freshened. He headed to his office, and called over to the Control Room to check in with Emily.
"Any change?" Alibi asked.
"We're seeing some activity around the dreadnought," Emily said. "One of the Stinger Ships with it is  alongside. We can't see from here what they're up to. But it is unusual."
"Gotcha."
"The Greater Tah vessels continue their bombardment of the asteroids," she said. "But they don't seem to have a real plan to the rocks they're hitting. They're making a mess over there."
"So long as they stay over there, and the mess keeps them there, that's fine," Alibi said. "I'm going out in the A.D. Foster to scout the Hornet's Nest path."
"You are?" she said. "Why?"
"I need to try something, and it has to be done out there," Alibi said. "I won't be gone long."
"You're heading out now?" she asked. 
"Soon," he said. "Just about to leave my office. One stop to make before I head to the ship. Don't know how long it will take."
"Oh?" she said. "You going to try to take them with you?"
Alibi smiled. They were still on the same wavelength.
"Yeah," he said. "Wish me luck."
"Good luck," she said, and signed off.


Chapter Eighty- Seven

"I'm not taking 'no' for an answer, I've told you that twenty times already," Alibi said to the closed door to KitandKat's apartment. "At least let me in. Hear me out."
"No," came the response, a twenty-first time. Then, a hopeful note: "Alright. You may come in."
Alibi walked into the apartment after the door swished open. It was dark inside, the room only dimly lit. He squinted, glanced around, and spotted KitandKat, a hulking mass of fur hunched over and huddled in the corner.
"It will just be us on the ship," Alibi said. "It's a good way to leave your apartment and do something without having to deal with a lot of other people. Won't even fly near our sentry ships. And you'll help me."
"I feel so... alien," KitandKat said. "Out of control, in some ways. Are you sure you want me out there with you?"
"Yup," Alibi said. He looked at his friends, looked them in the eyes, together now inside this newly enhanced, and slightly monstrous body. "Not many others I'd ask to watch my back."
Can you hear me, my friends?
There was no answer in his mind. Maybe moving in Kat removed the ability to speak mind-to-mind.
Ah. Too bad.

An half an hour later, as Alibi headed out to try to gain the physical proximity seemingly necessary to perform a mental feat, KitandKat occupied the co-pilot's seat of the A.D. Foster. 
Alibi managed to talk them into it, though not without difficulty. They still didn't look comfortable perched in the chair across from him. Neither being inside of it was quite used to the much larger body frame.
"I'm glad you're here," Alibi said.
"Thank you," KitandKat said. "Still not sure it is a good idea."
"We're flying away from the Solar Alliance and Greater Tah over there," Alibi said. "That's a good direction to go in. Let's hope that means they leave us alone."
"Do you believe they will leave us alone?" KitandKat said. "We do not."
"Emily's got eyes on them up in the Control Room," Alibi said. "She'll let us know if they pull anything."
"Alibi?" Emily said, her voice coming over the com on cue, as if called.
"I hear you, Emily," he answered. "Go ahead."
"They've noticed you," she said. "We've seen them move a Stinger and a couple Cruisers out of their positions. Maybe a little threatening. They're moving away from the chaotic stew they've made in front of them towards a clearer path. We'll see if they dare start a run at you through the rocks."
The mammoth ships of the Greater Tah were pulverizing asteroids, but not clearing the way. Instead, the area in front of the small combined fleet grew less passable, chaotic with debris from their blasting, turned into a cloud of shards growing denser with smaller and smaller pieces.
"I have to say again, Alibi, it still bothers me there's no rhyme or reason to their blasting," Emily said, after a pause. "It's like they don't quite get the concept, you know?"
"Maybe they're bad at the math," Alibi said. "Have a Tek'Tah running their numbers."
She laughed. 
"If anyone is," she said. "That doesn't look like math at work over there."
"Looks like bad copycats," Alibi said.
"Some have called that sort of thing a shatterstorm," KitandKat said. "To be avoided, for sure."
"Shatterstorm? Shitstorm? Either way, we go the other way," Alibi said. "Let me know if they begin to navigate into the asteroids, Emily."
"Will do," Emily said. "Emily out."
"It is almost as if they saw us blasting rocks out of our path so we could move the Hornet's Nest and figured, 'well, how hard can that be?', isn't it?" Alibi said to KitandKat. "Bad imitators!"
"Is that what a 'copycat' is?" KitandKat asked. "A 'bad imitator'?"
Alibi realized he needed to tread carefully. He shifted in his seat as he thought on his answer.
"Well," Alibi said, and paused.
"Are you saying cats are known for copying badly?" KitandKat asked. "And, so, then, by extension – we Dakhur?"
"No," Alibi said. "It's an old expression. I honestly don't know where it comes from."
"We see," they said.
A proximity alarm temporarily rescued Alibi.
"We're at the test rock," Alibi said. "Good."
Alibi nudged the ship's controls to bring them even closer to the asteroid he'd picked out.
Have no idea if this will work or not. Or how effective it will be.
"Okay," Alibi said. "Here's what I need you to do. I'm going to calm my mind and try to reach out and move this asteroid through telekinesis. With my mind. While I do that, I need you to keep an eye on things and make sure we stay safe."
"Sounds easy enough," KitandKat said.
"If something really goes wrong, or if they start to attack, just wake me up," Alibi said. "Shake me or do what you have to. I don't know how out of it I'll be. I might be alert. I just don't know yet."
"Much is unknown," they said.
"Yup," Alibi said. "That's why we're on a test run."
I don't even know if I'm going to have any help. You there, KB?
"You are. I am. This time."
Alibi felt the Mindwater flow into him, felt his perception shift so he was seeing in the other manner, though he could not say what that mode of perception was.
A different way of seeing... a different way of being.
Alibi let himself grow larger, so he could get his hands around the asteroid beside the ship, though they weren't his hands, and same-sized Alibi was still on the bridge. This was not his astral form, but an energetic extension of himself. Mindwater flowed through this larger form unimpeded.
And Alibi knew. Just like that. In a moment. As he grew larger still, he knew what to do, awareness of all bubbling up like unconscious knowledge. 
He reached out for the rock, but not to just shove it. He reached out to appreciate it. Acknowledge it. Perceive it – take it in. Encompass it. And then? Make it move. Alibi pushed with his mind, and was rewarded with movement. He felt the massive stone move, he wasn't sure how far.
He opened his eyes – reverted to the normal way of seeing – and took note. The asteroid had moved –about a meter.
Felt like it moved a lot more than that. Let's see...
Alibi mentally "inhabited" the rock once again. It was easier on the second try, he felt. This time, he pushed harder and the stone was propelled. Mindwater whooshed, and the rock sped from them at a steady clip, moving about a quarter click away.
That worked!
"You moved that with your mind?" KitandKat asked, looking up from the bridge display and over at Alibi. "Impressive."
"Thanks," Alibi said.
"Can you do it again?" They asked.
"That is a very good question," Alibi said. "Let's find out."
Alibi reached out with his mind to encompass another asteroid, which he did, and then moved it away as well.
"Guess I can," he said.
"Good," KitandKat said. "Two down. One thousand more to go. We should be able to move the Nest in a month or two, at this rate."
Alibi frowned for a moment at the observation, until something struck him funny and he laughed. 
"You have found humor in this?" KitandKat asked.
"Not really, no," Alibi said. "But you did! You just... you just sounded like yourselves. A little like Kit, a little like Kat – some dry wit with an added touch of sarcasm. It made me... happy."
"Oh," they said. "We see." They paused for a moment. "We are not sure how this makes us feel."
"Feel good," Alibi said. "It's a good thing."
They rode in silence for a moment.
"Maybe I can move more than one at a time," Alibi said. 
He tried. Alibi chose the two smallest rocks near their ship. He spread his awareness between them, trying to share his intention with both objects. He repeated the process he'd been following, and they moved. Eventually. It took great mental exertion, and much more Mindwater.
"Maybe not," Alibi said after. "That took more than double the effort."
Alibi went back to moving the asteroids one at a time, with his mind, intent on creating a space large enough that the Hornet's Nest could use it to activate its Transpace Drives. 
After four hours at it, Emily called to interrupt. KitandKat alerted him she was on the com as he came out of his mental state.
"Alibi? How's it going?" She asked as he connected.
"Slow but steady," he said. "What's up? Are they doing something?"
"Yeah," Emily said. "They have a Stinger Ship coming our way. Some crack shots on board blasting rocks from their path. But Alibi – they called and told us they were coming."
"What?"
"They say it's a diplomatic delegation on board," she said. "SAIF Mediation Corps."
My old division!
"Really?"
"Yup. And get this," she said, and chuckled. "Guess who's leading it? Brisby!"
Brisby had been a part of Alibi's crew, but left the Hornet's Nest to return to Solar Alliance duty when Alibi and the others struck out on their own.
"Brisby?"
"Just talked to him," Emily said.
Our old crewmate? My old part of the service? It almost seems like they're trying too hard.
And maybe they are.
"They want to meet with you," she said.
"I'm busy."
She didn't respond.
"I don't like it, Emily," Alibi said. "Brisby? The Mediation Corps? They're trying too hard to put us at ease."
"It doesn't feel right to me either," she said. 
"Don't let them in," Alibi said.
"Are you coming back?" she asked.
"Not yet," he said. "I want to keep at this."
"Okay," she said. 
"How's Krish doing with the drives?" Alibi asked.
"I don't like it, Alibi. If anything, he now seems less confident."
"That's not good," Alibi said.
"Nope," she said.
"Tell him I'm almost ready for him out here."
"You are not!" she said.
"I know," he said. "But I want to inspire him. Not bum him out."
"I hear you," she said.
"You have my go ahead to close the main bay door again," Alibi said. "I don't want them bringing in a Stinger Ship under false pretenses just to get it stuck in our taxiway.
"Sounds smart," she said.
"Let me know what they do as they approach," Alibi said.
"Will do," she said, and signed off.
Alibi moved the ship over next to another large rock. He began the process of calming his mind, and moved the rock. One more gone. KitandKat piloted the ship over to their next target, and Alibi again began to calm his mind.
"Alibi!"
Emily's voice punched through his calm.
She wouldn't have done that unless she needed to.
"Go," Alibi said, getting his head together.
"I started to close the main door and all hell began breaking loose with our friends," Emily said. "Soon as the door started to move, the Stinger employed some new cloaking shield and disappeared off our screens and scans. We're trying to find them right now. But that's not the big thing."
"The big thing?" Alibi wondered back at Emily.
"Yeah," she said. "They must have been watching you work, Alibi. All of a sudden, they began to just sweep rocks out of their way."
"They have telepaths?" Alibi asked. "You think?"
"No," she said. "This was their force fields, deployed in a new way. I think. We're still analyzing data. Looks like they figured out they didn't have to blow up the rocks in front of them, but could shove them out of the way instead. After watching you. The massive energy readings make us think it's technical, not mental, power at work."
"I see."
"They're moving a lot of rocks at once, too," she said. "Not one at a time, like you."
"Ouch," Alibi said.
"You're going too slow," she said. "It's not working. And we need you back in here, Alibi. Look... I've been watching you moving asteroids with your mind. That is impressive. Don't get me wrong. But... it's not enough. Not one at a time. You could indulge in this before, but, now that they're pushing away whole swaths of them? It's not helping."
Brutal honesty. I'd expect no less.
"You're right," Alibi said. "We're coming back in."
There was no immediate response.
"Emily?" Alibi called across the com.
"We have an airlock breach!" She yelled back. "Brisby and those bastards are breaking in!"
"On our way!" Alibi said. But he saw the connection had already been lost.


Chapter Eighty-Eight

Alibi couldn't raise Emily on the com the entire way back to the Hornet's Nest. He figured the Stinger was somehow jamming communication.
The Greater Tah seem big on force field tech. Pushing stuff around. How apropos. 
Unfortunately for him, that meant Emily couldn't let him know which airlock to avoid, the one they were using for ingress. They'd have to wait for visuals. 
Let's hope their Stinger ship is only invisible to our instruments, and not in reality.
"The larger ships are getting much closer," KitandKat observed. "I calculate they will close distance within three standard hours."
"Great news," Alibi said. 
"I... Kat... we... studied force field technology at academy," KitandKat said. "It would be educational to take a look at their field generators and field regulators."
"I bet it would," Alibi said.
'I know Doctor Krishnavurti would find it intriguing as well," KitandKat said. "Another force field for him to Nullify."
The Transpace Nullifier made Alibi remember how Kat had sacrificed himself for Alibi. 
He did lose his body. Even if he's kind of back, now.
"You are thinking of my... Kat's... disembodiment," KitandKat said, in an even tone. "Since I mentioned the Nullifier. You grew quiet."
"I was," Alibi said.
"Do not place blame for that upon yourself," KitandKat said. "It was my... Kat's... own mistake that caused that to occur." They paused. "Yes. Entirely Kat's fault."
I could hear them change there. From Kat to Kit. Wild!
"Thank you," Alibi said. "You did save my life."

Alibi and KitandKat didn't have to worry about figuring out where the supposedly invisible Stinger Ship had breached as they approached the Hornet's Nest. The SAIF Stinger may still have been cloaked to their detection instruments, but it was hanging out in plain visual sight, mounted like a swollen metallic pustule on the poor airlock it had blown through on the starboard side, near the landing bays. 
The visuals impacted Alibi with a sick sense of being just plain wrong.
The Solar Alliance is invading my Home!
"Fucking Brisby!" Alibi shouted into shattering silence.
"Neither of... we... did not care for Lieutenant Brisby," KitandKat said. "He did not seem to have much use for Dakhur."
"I don't have much use for Mr. Brisby," Alibi said. "I can't believe he'd come back like... this. I mean... I can, because he is, but... man. What balls."
"Perhaps he is merely being... used," KitandKat said. "Utilized. Like... a tool."
"Oh, he's a tool, alright," Alibi said. "He wasn't my favorite person in the universe, but... I just... I didn't expect him to betray us all. We might have to kill him." 
They both grew quiet.
"If we must? We must," KitandKat said. "He has chosen the wrong side."
"I guess," Alibi said. He changed the subject. "Any luck getting through their shield?"
"No," KitandKat said. "We still can't talk to anyone inside."
"Let's not risk the landing bays," Alibi said. "We'll use an airlock, too."
KitandKat agreed. Alibi piloted them around the Hornet's Nest, and they lined up their ship with an airlock opposite the one the enemy had used for ingress. KitandKat brought them in.
"We are connected," KitandKat said, as Alibi felt the deck shudder. "Sorry. A bit rough coming in."
"No worries," Alibi said. "Extend the cowl, too, and create another seal around the lock," Alibi said. "Just in case."
"Extending the cowl," KitandKat said, confirming the action. "Do you think it will be necessary?"
"We don't know who'll be on the other side of the airlock when we open it," Alibi said. "If they start shooting? Let's be ready. I'd rather avoid explosive decompression. If we can."
Alibi and KitandKat headed for the connecting airlock. Alibi checked the blaster in his right hand. Set for stun, with half a pack's charge left. He wasn't sure whether it was a worry for numbers or some kind of compassion that led him to use stun, but he let it make him feel better about himself anyway, why not. 
On stun, that amount of charge would let him take out about a hundred people. If he set it for kill? About half that many. So stun it was.
I'd rather not be a killer. But this is my home, and they're invading it. 
I will protect my home.
The corridor they cautiously stepped out into was empty. Alibi gestured for KitandKat to follow, and headed for the juncture down the hall to the left. 
Alibi snuck a look around the corner. 
Clear.
He took the opportunity to try his com.
Maybe they'll work inside.
"Emily? Do you read? It's Alibi!"
"Alibi!" Emily answered. Alibi heard blaster fire in the background. "Where are you?"
"Don't wanna say," Alibi said. "You know?"
"Point taken," she said. 
"What's your situation?"
"We're holding off a small party," she said. "I count three. Figure they're advance scouts, so we'll no doubt see a lot more of them soon. Could use some backup."
"Gotcha," Alibi said. "Let me see what I can do."


Chapter Eighty-Nine

Brisby sighed. He looked over at the two SAIF Troopers Drummond left with him in the Administrative Offices. He was pretty sure they were more there to keep Brisby from following Drummond and his men than they were to take any orders Brisby gave them. Corporal Busho caught his eye, nodded at him. Brisby gave a curt nod back, then pretended to study the mission package on the desk in front of him.
Brisby wasn't really in charge. He'd discovered that ugly truth on their way to the Hornet's Nest. He might be the Mission Commander and outrank Drummond, but it was Lieutenant Drummond who was truly in command of the incursion. 
They'd used Brisby to try to get inside the Hornet's Nest without a fight. Once it turned out there would be resistance from Alibi's people, his usefulness ended. Drummond had started barking orders – orders Brisby hadn't been given or known about.
Brisby laughed. The joke was on him. 
Dammit. All he'd ever wanted was to do the right thing.
"Commander Brisby, ha," Brisby said to himself.
"What was that, sir?" Corporal Busho said.
"Nothing, Busho," Brisby said. "Just checking on Drummond's fire team."
"Yessir," the corporal said. It looked to Brisby like the woman was barely holding back a smirk. He was pretty sure she was in with Drummond. She certainly knew Brisby was being sidelined now, since she was here with him while Drummond and the rest were gone on the attack.
"Anything yet, sir?" Marjapal asked.
He didn't think Private Marjapal was in with Drummond. The other SAIF trooper was young and green enough they likely figured he'd follow Busho's lead.
"Not yet," Brisby said.
"This used to be the control center?" Marjapal asked. "Sir?" 
Brisby noticed the sir came slowly. An afterthought. Whatever Marjapal knew, Brisby knew he couldn't count on the man to follow him, after that.
But follow him in what? Brisby wasn't sure what he should do. Coming back to the Hornet's Nest felt like... what? Coming back to a home away from home, anyway. He'd spent a lot of time in this room, when it was the base's Control Center. He'd been part of Alibi Jones' crew. What was the right thing to do now? 
Maybe Drummond had been wise to leave him under guard.
"Yup," Brisby said. "They've made some changes since I was here last. This was the Administrative Control Center. This was Alibi Jones' desk." He slapped the top and Busho jumped. She must have been zoning out. "I knew we'd taken it too easily."
"Yessir," Marjapal said.
Brisby keyed open his com. He decided he wasn't going to just let Drummond take this mission from him. Screw that.
"Drummond, report!" he barked.
"What?" Drummond said over the com. "I mean, what was that, sir?"
"I said report," Brisby said. "What's your sit rep?"
"We're moving in toward the new Command Center," Drummond said. "Sir."
"Any resistance?" Brisby said.
"Not so far, sir," Drummond said. "Though we saw a lot of civilians out and about on our way in, they all seem to have scattered. Place now looks like it's deserted. My scouts are reporting returning some fire from the Command Center. One down, but just stunned."
"Good," Brisby said. "Let me know when you're in position."
"Yeah... uh, yessir," Drummond said. "Drummond out."
Brisby smiled. Maybe he wasn't in charge anymore, but he could act like he was, and be a pain in Drummond's ass. Drummond probably assumed Brisby was too dumb to figure out he'd been superseded. Let him.
Brisby sat down in the chair at Alibi's old desk. Where was Alibi Jones? Brisby had only spoken with Emily Brown. Who sounded kind of strange, when it came right down to it. Then again, these were strange circumstances, he got that. Maybe Alibi was still off chasing after Star Seeds. Or maybe that was him in that other ship, pushing asteroids out of the way of the now-mobile Nest with some new force field they couldn't detect. That was driving the Greater Tah nuts.
They were all about their force fields. He heard they were working on some kind of sweeper force field of their own, now. 
Weird, though. Brisby hadn't seen any sign of Alibi Jones.


Chapter Ninety

"Alibi?" KitandKat said. "Where are you?"
"Keep coming, you're almost here," Alibi said. "I'm just around the corner."
"I am not used to being this... large," KitandKat said. "And this corridor is rather... cluttered."
"Yeah, it didn't used to be, sorry," Alibi said. "I used to jog through here. That's how I knew about the short cut."
KitandKat squeezed around the conduits, wires and piping that now filled three-quarters of the corridor.
"How did you run past this... stuff, Alibi Jones?" KitandKat said as he caught up.
"I didn't," Alibi said. "It didn't used to be here. Must be since they built up the engines and Transpace Drives. Guess they needed to run some stuff through here. Nobody really uses these corridors anyway. Not yet."
"Except for us," KitandKat said.
"It should open up soon," Alibi said. "We're almost at the Transpace Drive room."
The two of them squeezed down the rest of the way through the corridor, and made it to a sealed hatch marked with a caution sign.
Alibi punched in the door's code and it popped open.
"Come on," he said, and led KitandKat through the hatch. As he came around a curve in the corridor, the room opened up, and he spotted a familiar face. The older man, busy at work on a new-looking console, looked up as Alibi and KitandKat emerged from the hatch.
"Alibi!"
"Krish!"
"Where did you come from?" Krish asked. "And... is this Kit?"
"Kit and Kat," Alibi said. "Together."
"Yes, as you told me," Krish said. "I haven't seen him since the augmentation took place."
"Augmentation?" Alibi didn't like the word. Made him think of the mercenaries he'd run into who had added tech to their bodies, augmentations prohibited under the laws of the Solar Alliance and the old UTZ.
"You prefer a different term, perhaps, Alibi," Krish said. "You made a face."
"Nah, I guess it works," Alibi said. "I just never thought of myself as getting 'augmented'. And yet? Well... I guess that's the word."
"Augmentation doesn't have to be a bad thing, Alibi."
"I guess not," Alibi said. "And I can do things with my mind I couldn't before, Krish. I think it took whatever little  ability I had and improved it... augmented it, I guess you're right. And I have some limited access to the Star Seed's Knowledge Base. When it lets me in."
"Hello Krish," KitandKat said, speaking up.
"Hello Kit!" Krish said. "And Kat! I am very happy you are no longer dead, Kat!"
"Thank you," KitandKat said.
"You look very different," Krish said. "Taller and more dangerous!"
"I am no longer myself," KitandKat said. "It is a very disconcerting and major adjustment."
"I heard you'd kept to yourself since the change," Krish said. "You should know – you are both loved! And now that there are two of you – both Kit and Kat – inside of you? You are loved twice as much!"
"Thank you, Doctor," KitandKat said. "It is odd to speak of it so openly. And yet? It feels better to do so. Again, this seems odd."
"Talking cure!" Krish said. "A human concept – sometimes it helps us when we talk through our difficulties. Perhaps it can work for you as well, KitandKat?"
"Perhaps," KitandKat said.
"You know," Krish said, lowering the volume of his voice a little conspiratorially, "I think you look very cool, now – a lean Sasquatch!"
"What is that word you said?"
"Sasquatch," Krish repeated. "Large, mythical, furred creatures back on Earth. Legends, really."
"I see," KitandKat said. "I think I heard Emily use the term earlier. When things were less... clear."
Alibi was enjoying the banter, but had to change the subject.
"What's happening with the Transpace Drive, Krish?"
"Ah, yes!" Krish smiled. "We are almost ready to go!"
"Almost?" Alibi asked. "I thought you said 'almost' yesterday?"
"Almost-er?" Krish said. "We are only an hour or two away from being able to try them out." Krish opened his arms and gestured at the room they were in. "Is that why you're sneaking into my control room through the back door?"
"Noooo," Alibi drew the word out. "We're here because of the SAIF raid Brisby is leading on the Hornet's Nest."
"What?" Krish said, alarmed. "SAIF raid?!"
"Don't tell me you don't kno..."
"I have turned the Coms off to finish!" Krish said. "There is a raid? And Brisby?"
"They could come through that door any second," Alibi said. He nodded at the main entrance to the room.
"There were none behind you, I hope?" Krish said.
"Not that we could see," Alibi said. "And you've clogged up those corridors pretty well with all the new gear you've installed for the drives."
"True," Krish said.
"Turn your coms back on, Krish," Alibi said. "What if I tried to get in touch with you?"
Krish turned the com back on.
"Oh, I just know," Krish said. "It's the funniest thing, probably tied to your latent abilities, but I have always known when you are about to call me. I get a feeling."
"Really," Alibi said. 
"Krish?" Emily's voice came over the newly restored com.
"Emily, yes, go ahead," Krish said. "Alibi and Kit... KitandKat are here."
"Stop turning off your coms, Krish!" Emily commanded.
"Yes, ma'am," Krish said. "We are on a secure line, now."
"Good. Alibi?"
"Yes, Emily," Alibi said. "KitandKat and I have made it into the Transpace Drive control room."
"Good," she said. "Keep on coming. Those were scouts – they've got reinforcements, now."
"On our way," Alibi said.
"One more thing," Emily said. "You see any sign of SAIF Troopers on your way in? They may try a flanking action."
"No," he said, "But we were avoiding them. Made our way in through the corridors where the gear has been installed, now."
"Well, your way to the Engine Room should be clear. They're coming at us from the other side. But watch yourself when you come down the connecting corridor towards us," she said. "There's at least one side corridor they could come in on. I have people watching the way now."
"Make sure they don't shoot us," Alibi joked. 
"We'll try not to," Emily said.
"Great, thanks," Alibi said. "Very reassuring."
"Just get here," she said. "Please."
"On our way," Alibi repeated.
"Emily out," she said.
Alibi turned back to Krish.
"We need this to work now, Krish," Alibi said. "How close are you, really?"
"Give me thirty minutes," Krish said. "I'm finishing up the synchronization between the two Drives now."
"You've got thirty," Alibi said. "But no more."
"Got it," Krish said.
"Let's go, KitandKat," Alibi said. He nodded to the entrance.
"Yes, Alibi," KitandKat said, moving to the entrance alongside him.
Krish followed them over to the door.
"No, Krish, don't get so close to the entrance," Alibi said. "There could be SAIF Troopers on the other side of this hatch. You get back on your console. Please."
"Good point!" Krish said. He walked back to the control panels.
Alibi opened the hatch. The backs of four SAIF Troopers, sidled up on either side of the corridor, greeted Alibi and KitandKat as the door flew open.
"Krish?" Alibi called. "Lock the door!"
"ROOOAAARGGH!" 
Before Alibi could aim his gun, KitandKat let out a roar and howl and leapt into action.
Between Alibi yelling and KitandKat's howling, they lost most of the element of surprise. But the SAIF Troopers hadn't expected an attack from behind. They were supposed to be the ones attacking from behind.
Emily was right about the flanking action. Here they are.
FWASH!
Alibi fired, stunning one of the Troopers unconscious.
Alibi's gun was set for stun. But KitandKat was set on "kill". The doubled-Dakhur closed the distance to the nearest Trooper and raked razor-sharp claws across their face and upper torso. Blood began spurting everywhere.
"RAAAAR!" KitandKat straightened up from the Trooper's body.
FWASH!
One of the SAIF Troopers managed to get off a shot at KitandKat. Alibi happily noted their gun was set for stun as well. The shot missed, and KitandKat closed on the firing Trooper.
FWASH!
The trooper shot KitandKat at point-blank range on stun.
Alibi steeled himself to finish this skirmish alone. 
But KitandKat looked down at some singed fur on their chest and simply smiled.
The trooper blanched as KitandKat showed their teeth.
"Fuck this," the remaining trooper said, and he made to set his blaster to kill. But the time he took gave Alibi opportunity.
FWASH!
The trooper fell, the blaster bouncing across the corridor floor.
"No!" Alibi heard the last trooper beg KitandKat. "NOOOOooooaarhh-"
His scream ended abruptly. Alibi turned to see KitandKat nearly take the man's head off with a swipe of his claws. Once again, blood sprayed around the body and KitandKat. The augmented Dakhur looked up from his kill, a dreadful sight, blood dripping off their fur. There was death in their eyes. Alibi wasn't sure he could see either Kit or Kat in them at the moment.
"Kit?" Alibi tried. "Kat?"
The large cat-man's eyes cleared. They then widened, as if KitandKat were only now seeing what they'd done.
The hatch on the other end of the corridor opened, and four Hornet's Nest Security guards emerged. One of them stumbled as they saw the blood and bodies on the ground, but the others ignored the gore and carnage and made for the side entrance the SAIF Troopers must have used. The stumbler straightened up and followed his friends.
"Alibi!" Emily called from the open hatch at corridor's end.
Alibi and KitandKat stepped over the bodies on the floor and walked over to Emily.
"Two stunned, two dead," Alibi said. "I don't think KitandKat has a 'stun' setting."
 "I do not know how this..." KitandKat started, but stopped. "Neither of us felt in control when... when we did that," they finished.
"Maybe you're a Berserker, now," Emily said.
"A what, now?" KitandKat said.
"Berserker," Emily repeated. "Ancient human warriors. They'd kind of lose their minds, lose themselves in battle. Fierce warriors, feared by many."
"I do not like the sound of that," KitandKat said. "Losing our minds or our selves does not seem like a good thing."
"Well, no, but..." Alibi started to answer but Emily cut him off.
"No time for chit-chat," she said. "We're under fire. Come on."
Emily led them inside the Main Control Room, past banks of consoles, to the front entrance. The corridor leading to the Main Control Room could fit three people across, two comfortably walking, narrow enough to give a defensive advantage to those holding off the SAIF Troopers.
"Emily!" one of the guards called back to them. "They've switched their blasters to kill!"
"I think we can thank the Berserker for that," Emily said, turning to glare at Alibi and KitandKat.
FWASH! FWASH!
Blaster fire echoed from the corridor. Hornet's Nest Security returned fire.
FWASH!
"Is the Hornet's Nest moving towards the space I cleared?" Alibi asked.
"We are – but, Alibi... you didn't clear anywhere near enough space," Emily said. "Not for a Transpace Jump. We try moving something as big as the Hornet's Nest into Transpace, it's going to create a big gravity point. Anything you didn't move far enough away will come zooming in as we shift over, we'll take a ton of damage in Transpace, dragging them in behind us."
"I don't think we have much of a choice," Alibi said. "If you can hold off the Troopers, I can try to move more of the asteroids off."
"At the rate you were working?" Emily said. "We don't have that kind of time. I told you those Xen'Tah Enforcer ships were sweeping rocks out of their way with their force fields. They're closing the distance! We can hold a handful of Troopers off, but once they can get to us, we're toast."
"Sounds like you think we're done," Alibi said.
"This brilliant idea of yours to move the Hornet's Nest is going to get us all killed," she said. "I think you fucked up, Alibi Jones. And you probably can't fix this one."
"I can still try," Alibi said. "Don't give up yet."
"I'm not," she said. "I just don't like this feeling of impending doom."
"Then blow it off," Alibi said. "You're creating the perception of doom yourself. And that will rub off on everyone else, so... lose it. Now."
"Is that an order?" she said.
"Yes."
Alibi walked to a nearby console and called up a floating screen with a tactical display showing him where the Xen'Tah ships were in relation to the Hornet's Nest.
That's not too bad. 
Then, as Alibi watched, asteroids began to move away from the Enforcers, pushed off by their force fields. They were moving a lot more rocks, all at once, than Alibi had in the time he'd been out there himself. 
Wrong. That's bad.
Quick visual estimates told him the Enforcer ships would be on top of them in under two hours. And the outer edge of the waves of asteroids the Enforcer Ships had been pushing away from in front of them would begin to impact the Hornet's Nest soon, under an hour.
Well. At least now I know why Emily feels like we're doomed.
Knowledge Base!?!
No answer.
Alibi called Emily over to him.
"You've got defenses under control?" he asked.
"Why?" 
"I'm going to try to move more rocks with my mind," Alibi said. "That was my intention, anyway, coming back in. Get the Hornet's Nest moving towards the space I've cleared. I'm going to keep clearing away more rocks."
"Gotcha," she said. "Yeah, we can hold for now. You get busy. Or whatever it is you do."
"Yeah, thanks," Alibi said. He found a seat apart from the chaos, away from the battle.
As barking voices and blasters echoed in the background, Alibi closed them off and concentrated on powering up on Mindwater for the tasks ahead. When he felt full enough, he reached out again with his mind. 
Maybe he'd been doing this wrong – could he create a force field wave with his mind, similar to the ones the Enforcers were creating with their tech? They copied him – why shouldn't he copy them?
He created a sheet of Mindwater energy in front of the Hornet's Nest, and began moving it forward.
It's working! 
Alibi felt the Mindwater wave pushing most of the rocks in front of them out of the way.
He heard Emily say something that echoed around him. He focused on the words to make them out.
"Alibi – you're doing it!"
He sent another wave out, pushing asteroids out of their path.
Almost...
An explosion next to Alibi jarred him out of his concentration. He stood up, peering through smoke and haze, trying to figure out what got hit.
"What happened?" he asked when he caught Emily's eye.
"They're pressing in. Just used a concussion grenade."
"Jesus," Alibi said. "We got any of those?"
"Yeah, but we haven't been using them."
"Throw one back at them."
"You got it."
FWASH!
That came from behind him.
"We've got incoming," a young security guard said as he came running in from the back. "Need reinforcements!"
FWASH! FWASH!
The blaster fire from the back grew closer.
"Emily!" Alibi called.
"Busy!" came the response, and Alibi spotted her in hand to hand combat, holding off SAIF Troopers from getting in the door.
Maybe we are doomed.
"Alibi!" 
Krish was calling on the coms.
"Go ahead."
"We are ready!" Krish said. "I think. I hope."
"Fire them up!" Alibi said. "Get ready to jump!"
Alibi saw KatandKit watching him from across the Control Room, seemingly frozen, conflicted.
"KitandKat!" Alibi called over to him.
The furry one made his way across the room.
"Yes, Alibi?" 
"We need you," Alibi said. "Even you as a Berserker. Emily and our forces are tied up holding off the frontal assault, but now they're coming from in back where we ran into them before, between the Control Rooms. Go back there and help hold them off, okay?"
"But, Alibi, I do not wish to..."
"Look, they'll kill us if you don't," Alibi said. "It's self-defense."
"Very well, then," KitandKat said. The doubled-Dakhur turned and ran for the back.
"ROOOAAAARRRRGH!"
He heard the cat-man howling and roaring as Alibi tried to calm and focus his mind. He had one more chance to move rocks away before they tried the Transpace Engines.
"Alibi!" Krish called again, interrupting his meditation.
"Go ahead, Krish," Alibi said.
"You have done an amazing job!" Krish said. "There is only one very large gravity signature left out there I am worried about for the jump. Sending you the coordinates now."
Alibi checked the scans in front of him when the coordinates came though. Alibi's Mindwater waves had moved most of the rocks out of their way, but there was a large planetoid that hadn't budged when the wave hit it still sitting smack dab towards the center of where they needed to be. In fact, the Hornet's Nest was heading for the planetoid at increasing speed.
If he didn't get it to move? Not only would they not be able to jump into Transpace. They'd hit the damn thing. Alibi focused his mind and reverted back to his previous strategy. He felt out for the rock with his mind, to know it, and propel it through that knowledge.
The rock felt like the Hornet's Nest – it was almost as large as they were. Not good.
I don't know if I can move it!
Alibi stretched out, trying to encompass the planetoid. He thought of the Hornet's Nest. Having jogged throughout its many corridors, he had some sense of the space it occupied, its immensity. This new rock, too, was this large, and he sent his mind jogging across its surface, trying to feel it out, encompass it. He built up Mindwater and left it flowing it behind him as he ran, trying to create a net of it around the rock.
Part of his mind registered the sounds around him – KitandKat roaring in battle, Emily barking orders, the FWASH of blaster fire – and kept them at bay, compartmentalized.
Now. The energy is here, I am the rock, we must move, where does not matter, out of the way!
"Alibi!" Krish broke through his concentration. "We must jump!"
Now it is!
With every ounce of energy, every bit of Mindwater he could dredge from his depths, every last drop of his concentration, Alibi locked back in on the rock. So much like the Hornet's Nest. 
He pushed with his mind.
Out of the way!
Mindwater flowed out of him. He felt a shift. There was movement. Massive movement!
Weakened and drained, Alibi lost consciousness, slid off his chair and onto the floor, out cold.


Chapter Ninety-One

Hospital room?
Alibi woke up in a hospital room. His head hurt. 
Pounding, stop pounding, it's still pounding, ugh.
"He's coming around," someone said. He thought it was Doctor Mehvy.
Alibi opened his eyes. It was Mehvy, but she was leaving the room. In came Emily, KitandKat and Krish.
"Good to see you conscious, Alibi!" Krish proclaimed.
"Shhh," Alibi said. "Headache."
"Gotcha," Krish said, whispering.
"We are glad you have not damaged your brain, Alibi Jones," KitandKat said.
"Thanks," Alibi said.
"Good to see you awake," Emily added. "You had us worried. Been a few days."
"What happened?" Alibi asked.
Emily and Krish looked at each other. KitandKat remained silent.
"We're alive and not under arrest, so... we were successful?" Alibi asked. 
Emily walked over to the wall and called up a large viewscreen. Alibi saw a beautiful blue-green, Earthlike world he didn't recognize nearby. A strange orange, red and yellow nebula filled much of the screen.
"We've got Brisby, some asshat named Drummond, and a couple more SAIF grunts locked up in the brig," Emily said. "We won the battle. Heavy casualties on their side." She looked over at KitandKat, who shrugged like a human.
"You asked for the Berserker," KitandKat said.
"We did," Alibi said. "So, where are we? Where did we jump to?"
The three turned to look at Alibi.
"We were hoping you'd know," Emily said.
"Me?"
"The Transpace Drives were never engaged, Alibi," Krish said. "And since the move? We cannot jump, not knowing our location."
"You picked a good world, Alibi," Emily said. "I've been down there. Place is beautiful."
"I picked... I didn't pick anything! I don't remember piloting us through Transpace..."
"Because you didn't," Krish said. "Didn't you hear me? The Transpace Drives were never engaged. You did this with your mind. We think."
Alibi ran through events in his mind. Maybe, at the last second, with Krish's interruption, he'd changed targets... he must have locked back down onto the wrong rock. And moved the Hornet's Nest, instead of the other rock.
Out of the way.
"No Transpace Drives?"
"Nuh-uh," Emily said.
"And you don't know where we are?"
"No idea," Krish said. "Charts are all useless."
Alibi looked at the screen, out at the new blue-green world, the unfamiliar stars and the nebula. He tried to cast his mind out, to see if he could feel where they were.
All he felt was his head, pounding again. 
Maybe it was time to give his newfound abilities a rest for a little bit.
If I still have them. 
Could I have burned myself out?
Might not be such a bad thing.
Alibi looked around at KitandKat, Emily and Krish, gathered with him in the Hornet's Nest hospital room. He didn't need the Star Seed's enhancements to know what he felt for his friends and their home. 
Friendship. 
Pride. 
Love.
And? We're safe. At least, for now. 
Out of the way.


Epilogue

"Bill?"
Gentry turned off the media center before Anita could see what he'd been watching. He turned to her, looking oddly pale, the blood drained from his face.
"Anita, I'm sorry..."
She immediately knew something was wrong. Very wrong. She felt her stomach flip, the way it did sometimes when you lost artificial G for a second. She pushed past Gentry and turned the media center back on. 
Garish red headlines screamed "BREAKING NEWS!" and displayed the Hornet's Nest on a field of stars. And words, other words, her brain wasn't letting her read nor understand those words... 
The announcer cut in and said them for her:
"Again, this just in to your Depot Newsline Source, The Solar Alliance and its Allies, the Greater Tah are reported to have destroyed the renegade outpost known as The Hornet's Nest, in a stunning full-on assault. There was no sign of the station left after its complete and utter destruction..."
"Off!" Gentry commanded. 
The media center went silent and dark.


####

Thank you for reading The Star Seeds of Earth! I'm author Mike Luoma and I write science fiction, among many other things, somewhere off in the wilds of Northern Vermont. The Star Seeds of Earth is the fourth novel and sixth book in The Adventures of Alibi Jones, which followed my Vatican Assassin Trilogy. I also create comics with artists from around the world, including issues of The Adventures of Alibi Jones and a graphic novel adaptation of the novel Vatican Assassin. 
An Alibi Jones short story was recently included in Always Punch Nazis Volume 2 from Pilot Comics. I was writer on the acclaimed title Souverain with artist and creator Ben Ferrari for Earthbound Comics. My other graphic novels include Good Samaritan: Unto Dust with Federico Guillen and "Introducing... RED HOT!" with Juan Carlos Quattordio and Rhys ap Gwyn, from Glow-in-the-Dark Radio Comics.
I narrate my books week-by-week on my free, long-running Glow-in-the-Dark Radio podcast, and also narrate each of my widely available audiobooks. You can find this book, narrated by me, wherever fine audiobooks are sold.
Free Samples & Links can be found at https://glowinthedarkradio.com. 

More Books by Mike Luoma

The Vatican Assassin Trilogy:
Vatican Assassin
Vatican Ambassador
Vatican Abdicator
Also available: The Vatican Assassin Trilogy Omnibus

The Adventures of Alibi Jones:
Alibi Jones
Alibi Jones and The Sunrise of Hur
Alibi Jones and the Time War of The Devrizium
Alibi Jones and the Hornet's Nest
The Adventures of Alibi Jones: Six Short Stories
Also available: The Adventures of Alibi Jones Omnibus One

Websites: 
http://mikeluoma.com 
http://glowinthedarkradio.com 
http://alibijones.com 

Connect online:
Twitter: http://twitter.com/mikeluoma 
Facebook: http://facebook.com/mikeluoma 
Instagram: glowinthedarkradio
