
The Voyage
Book one of the Plague World Series

Thomas Sholar


-
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012 Thomas Sholar
License Notes: This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Thank you


Prologue
Aashif looked up and adjusted the cover on the air freshener. Satisfied that it was in place, he smiled. “Allah be praised, my task is finished.” He sneezed violently and pulled out his handkerchief. “And not a moment too soon, all praises to Allah.”
Stooping, he picked up his tools then left the men’s bathroom. He walked through the main terminal of Grand Central Station, and as he did, he sneered at the people he passed and whispered to himself, “They are all dead and they don’t even know it. Allah’s breath will strike them all and lay low the Infidels. Only we, his chosen will be spared, Allah be praised!”
As he reached the door he sneezed again and absently pulled out this handkerchief wiping his nose as he left the building. Once outside, he walked over to the white van waiting at the curb. He put his tools in the back and then got in the cab on the passenger side.
The man in the driver’s seat looked at him. “Is it done?”
Aashif smiled. “Yes Ubaydah, praise be to Allah! Soon they will all be dead.”
Ubaydah looked skyward and held his hands out palms up. “Allahu akbar! The Christian God will fall and along with him the Infidels that follow him. We are the instrument of his wrath and all shall tremble at his whispered breath.”
When he had finished his tirade, Ubaydah put the truck in gear and they pulled away from the curb heading to their next stop, the Chrysler building. Smiling, he looked over at Aashif. “We only have four more stops to do and our work is finished. Then we can sit back and watch them all die.”
He noticed that Aashif was sweating profusely. “Are you not well my friend?”
Aashif looked at him and smiled as he mopped his brow with the handkerchief. “It is nothing, a minor cold and nothing to what they will be feeling in a couple days! They will choke on their own vomit and die knowing their God is weaker!” Ubaydah smiled and clasped his friend on the shoulder as he drove on.
At Grand Central, men came and went to the bathroom on the main concourse. By the end of the day, more than a thousand had done so and none of them had noticed the quiet hiss of the air freshener as it cycled innocuously. They had gone about their day as if nothing strange had happened. But each of them unwittingly inhaled something new, something that would change the world.
Later that day as Aashif left the lobby of the Liberty Tower, he was shaking. He got into the van and looked over to Ubaydah. “Take me back to the safe house. I need to lie down.”
Ubaydah nodded and pulled from the curb. “Should I take to you the doctor? You do not look well.”
Aashif shook his head. “No, let us not bother him with a minor cold. He is much too busy for that.”
Ubaydah frowned. “What if you have the sickness?”
Aashif scoffed at him, “Impossible! The doctor assured us that we were immune and that his vaccine would protect all the faithful.”
Ubaydah slowly nodded as he returned his gaze to the road. “It is as you say, Aashif. The faithful will be spared, praise be to Allah!”
They returned to the safe house and Ubaydah warmed up some soup for his friend. When he returned to the living room Aashif was much worse. “I have food for you.”
Aashif shook his head. “I am not hungry. I think I will just sleep.” He got up from the table and started to the bedroom then turned. “Do not fear, Ubaydah, I will be fine. When we wake in the morning we will go see the doctor.”
The next morning, Aashif did not come out of his room. Ubaydah knocked lightly on the door. “Aashif, it is time to go.” He waited for a minute then tried the door. He opened it to find the room dark. He called to Aashif again. “Are you there? Why are you not awake?”
He turned on the light and jumped back. Horrified, he looked down on the floor next to the bed and slowly backed away from what he saw. Aashif was face up with his eyes open, both were clouded white. His tongue was swollen and protruded from blackened lips. His back was arched impossibly and his hands, frozen in grim claws, reached for the ceiling. The smell was horrid as he had voided his bowels and urinated in his pants.
Ubaydah covered his mouth and quickly left the room closing the door hard. “I must tell the doctor immediately!”
He ran from the safe house and slid to a stop at the van door. He reached in his pocket and fumbled for the keys. Shaking violently, he pulled them out and promptly dropped them and cursed, “Ibn himar!”
He stooped and picked them up and unlocked the van, his hands still shaking. He jumped in and quickly starting the motor and slammed it in reverse. He thrust his foot down on the accelerator, and the van backed into the trashcans at the curb, noisily scattering them across the alley. He then forced the shifter into first, grinding the gear and again pushed down the gas pedal forcibly.
Speeding down the alley, he mumbled to himself, “The doctor assured us we were safe. Now we will all die! What have we done! Allah will not protect us, we are doomed!” That was the last thought he had as he exited the alley and was promptly hit by a garbage truck full on the driver’s side. He died instantly, never carrying his warning to the doctor.
***
That day it began. By six p.m. the hospital emergency rooms began to fill with people exhibiting symptoms that at first looked like Swine Flu. The doctors called the Center for Disease Control to ask for assistance and the first scientist arrived around midnight.
It was around three in the morning when the initial deaths were reported. By noon the death toll was in the thousands. The CDC was at a loss and samples were sent to Atlanta to be studied at its main facility.
That night, men in black suits arrived and asked to speak to the director of the CDC command center. They were escorted to him and they handed him a single sheet of folded paper. The director pulled out his reading glasses, unfolded the paper and began to read aloud.
“Infidels, this time we have no demands, other than your deaths! You will by now have discerned that the epidemic you are facing is fatal. This letter is to inform you that it is also deliberate! The pestilence is called Allah’s Breath and is fatal to all non-believers. For too long have we endured you Infidels, for too long have you oppressed our people and killed our children. Now it is you who will die! For Allah’s Breath will be the mighty weapon of Allah to scourge you all from the planet leaving it a paradise for all true believers and the faithful.
So die and be gone, there is no cure and by the time the sun has risen two more times, you will all be dead! PRAISE BE TO ALLAH! ALLAHU AKBAR!”
The director looked up in disgust. “They didn’t even sign it to take responsibility. They have started the most lethal plague in the twenty-first century and possibly wiped out humanity and they didn’t even want the credit for it.”
The black-suited men’s faces remained blank. One asked, “What is your response for Eagle?”
The director looked down at the note again. “Tell him I am working on a vaccine. Tell him to seal the city now and have them destroy the bridges and declare martial law.”
Then he looked up and into the man’s eyes. “Tell him to pray.”


Chapter 1
The fire watch pounded on the door and yelled, “Wake up call for sergeants!”
Tim rolled over and groaned. The one thing he had hated about the Marine Corps was getting up early, and zero five hundred in the morning was just too damn early. He stretched and kicked off his blankets and then sat up on the edge of his rack. He sat there for a moment and contemplated crawling back into bed, but just as soon as the thought crossed his mind he banished it and instead rose and crossed the room to the small table in the corner where he sat down heavily.
He rubbed his eyes and yawned, trying to wake up. Finally he spotted a pack of smokes on the table and reached out for them, fumbling with the pack for a second before removing one. He grabbed the lighter lying next to the pack and lit the cigarette, inhaled deeply and then slowly exhaled with a gentle sigh.
“Now that’s better,” he said to himself as he smiled and leaned back. “There’s nothing like a good smoke to wake you up.” He sat there in the dark enjoying the nicotine rush until his eyes fell on the small digital clock above the fridge. The red glowing display showed three fifty-five A.M. Tim’s smile vanished instantly as he took another drag from his smoke and then violently crushed it out in the ashtray.
“What the hell!” He cursed through gritted teeth.
He had put in a wakeup call in for five, so why did the fire watch wake him up over an hour early? He got up from the table and crossed to the door and jerked it open. He thrust his head out into the hall he looked around for someone to yell at. Finding no one, he finally growled and no one in particular, “What is hell going on? Why did you wake me so early?”
Then he noticed several of the other sergeants leaving their rooms; they too, it seemed, had also been awakened. Tim ducked back into his room, grabbed his shaving kit and a towel and then started to the head. As an afterthought, he stepped back in the room and hit is roommate’s foot and said, “Rise and shine Morden, something’s up. They’re waking everyone.”
Sergeant Morden, a big Samoan, had been his roommate since he was stationed on Okinawa. Morden hated morning almost as much as Tim so he just moaned and rolled over. Tim just shook his head and closed the door, heading back to the head. When he got there he found it was already very busy. Making a quick scan of the bathroom he spotted and empty sink and he walked over and put down his shaving kit.
Looking up he stared and the image in the mirror. Sergeant Tim Hartmann was just twenty-six years old but had already been in the Marines for nine years. He had joined to impress his high school sweetheart, a young blond he had been seeing since he was a sophomore. He had been gone only six months before he got the Dear John letter. “What a fool I was,” Tim thought to himself as he eyed himself in the mirror.
Tim stood just over six feet tall and was lean and muscular. He gazed at the small scar over his right eye and then smiled remembering the fight in Bangkok where he’d gotten it in. His eyes were blue and his hair, what remained after his Marine haircut, was dark brown. He noted that his hair was starting to grey around the sides and he rubbed his chin as he shook his head and said to no one in particular, “I am getting too old for this shit.”
He turned on the water and waited for it to warm up, and as the steam rose he got out his soap and brush. Tim used the old style of shaving cream, a gift from his grandfather. He had also given him a straight razor, but Marine regulations would not allow him to have it in the barracks, so he had settled for a safety razor. He wet the brush and lathered it up. As he finished soaping his face, another Marine stepped up to the sink next to him. He picked up his razor and started to shave. “Morning, Evans, what’s up? Why are they waking us so early?”
Sergeant Evans was a squirrely little Marine that worked in administration, what most Marines called an ‘Office Poge’. Evans turned to him excitedly. “They’ve put the entire unit is on alert.”
Time rolled his eyes and scoffed, “Another bullshit drill?”
Evans looked at Tim, “No, didn’t you hear the news?”
“What news?” Tim responded as he calmly shaved his neck.
Evans could hardly contain himself. “The Swine Flu epidemic in New York City is really a terrorist attack.”
Tim almost cut himself. He stopped shaving and looked over at Evans. “What the hell are you talking about? Is this some kind of joke?”
“No.” Evan explained, “I just heard overheard the Captain talking about it.”
“Well what did they say is going on?”
“Some radical Muslim group has taken responsibility for the deaths.”
“Well whoopty-fuckin’-do!” Tim answered, rolling his eyes. “What’s that got to do with us? Why are we on alert?”
Evans shrugged. “They feel it may be part of a combined attack on US targets.”
Tim paused to think about what he had just heard, and then asked, “How many people have died so far in New York?”
“Well, I heard the captain say the death toll has reached over one million,” Evans told him without batting an eye.
Now Evans had his complete attention. Tim turned to him, disbelief in his eyes, “You’re shittin’ me! Overnight?”
“Yes, that is what has them so concerned. It’s killing people at an alarming rate.”
Tim slowly nodded as what Evans told him sunk in then he turned back to his mirror. “Thanks for the heads up Evans.”
Tim was stunned. Yesterday there had only been a few hundred reported deaths; overnight that had changed drastically. Now he understood why they were getting up so early. He quickly finished shaving and took a rushed shower. He dried off and hurried back to his room. When he opened the door he found Morden still sleeping so he turned on the light and stripped back his blankets.
“Get up Morden! There’s major trouble stateside,” Tim said as he opened his locker.
Morden rolled over and jumped down from his rack and groaned, “What gives bro?”
Tim started to put on his uniform as he brought Morden up to speed. “Evans just told me that the whole unit is on alert. Seems they were wrong about the Swine Flu in New York. It’s a terrorist attack.”
Morden stretched and walked over to the refrigerator. He pulled out an energy drink and sat at the table then asked, “So what’s that got to do with us? That’s on the other side of the world, bro.”
“Because there are over one million dead,” Tim explained. “Whatever they used is extremely lethal. They’re afraid they may strike other targets now. Better get ready quick so we can go down and talk to LT and see what’s going on.”
Morden finished his drink and stood up. “Give me five minutes, bro, I’ll be right back.” Morden grabbed his shower gear and hurried out the door.
***
In the small village of Yomitan a clock radio came on and started to play music. The young girl lying in the bed next to it opened her eyes and stretched. Asa glanced over at the display; its pink numbers showed it was six-thirty. She sat up stretching again, and she rose and went to her bathroom. After her shower she was combing her hair in front of the mirror. The reflected image was of a slender girl of eighteen. She had long straight black hair and beautiful jade green eyes. She left the bathroom and got dressed in her school uniform. It was a blue pleated skirt with a white shirt that had a flap on the back that made her look like she was in the navy. She was glad that she was a senior and this would be the last year she would have to wear this uniform. She adjusted the pleats on the skirt, grabbed her backpack and headed down stairs.
Now it was time to put her plan into action. Asa was supposed to go shopping after school today but needed her allowance early to buy what she wanted. She figured that if she got up early and did some chores for her mom, she would be able to convince her to give her the money a day early. She threw in a load of laundry and then started the rice cooker. When she was done, she made some toast and coffee just to be safe and sat down to wait for her mother.
She was sitting at the kitchen table when her mother, Azami, came down, “You’re up early. Is that coffee I smell?”
Asa smiled innocently. “I have to meet Suki before school, and yes, I made you a pot of coffee.”
“Where is your father?” Azami asked.
“He was gone when I got up. He must have gotten called in early,” Asa explained.
Her mother walked over and sat at the table. Asa poured her a cup of coffee and then put a plate of toast down in front of her. Her mother looked up at her. “What about you, have you eaten already?”
“I will get something at Suki’s,” Asa told her as cleaned up.
Azami looked over at the counter. “I see you started the rice already, thank you.”
“Yes, mother, I also started a load of laundry for you.”
“And what do I owe all of this help to?” Azami asked, eyeing Asa suspiciously.
Asa tried to her best to look innocent. “Why nothing, Mother, I just wanted to help you. Would you like some more coffee and toast?”
Azami gave her a sideways look, which Asa tried to avoid. “OK, what are you after Asa?’
Asa could not contain herself anymore. She ran to her mother’s side. “Well I was hoping to get my allowance early. Suki and I are going to the mall after school to buy some Clothes.”
Azami chuckled. “I thought it might be something like that.” Then she smile at Asa, got up, walked over to counter and opened her purse. She pulled out some money and set it down next to Asa saying, “Don’t tell your father I paid you early or he will be angry with me.”
Asa smiled and grabbed the money. “Thanks, Mom, you’re the best!” Then she looked at the clock on the wall and jumped up. “I’m late!” She snatched up her books and ran to the door, pausing just long enough to say, “I love you, Mom!” before vanishing out the door.
Azami shook her head. “Teenagers, what can you do?” She rose and walked over to the open door. She looked outside and smiled. The sun was shining and there wasn’t a cloud in the sky, it was going to be a beautiful day. She bent down to pick up the paper, went to the living room and sat down to read. She opened up the newspaper and read the headline.
“Mass Deaths in New York City - City Quarantined”
She started to read the article and was horrified. “Why can’t these people just get along?” She tossed down the paper and got up to start her chores, trying not to think about the newspaper. After a few minutes she was humming quietly to herself and her life went back to normal.
***
A few miles away in the rural center of Okinawa, Jiro awoke and went to the window. He was a short man, just topping five feet four inches, but his elderly body showed that in his younger days he had been fit and strong. His white hair was short cut and his dark eyes still had just a hint of his youthful vigor. He looked out smiling broadly; it was going to be a fine day. The sun was just coming up and the sky was clear. He dressed and went to the kitchen where Yui had already made his breakfast. She roughly put his meal down in front of him and sat down. “Are you going to fix the water pump today?”
Jiro did not bother looking up at her and just said, “Hai, I will get to it.”
“Will you get to it this morning?” She chided. “Or perhaps you will let it slip your mind again?”
He had been putting the job off for two days and Yui was getting a bit angry.
Jiro waved off her verbal assault. “I said I will get to it. That should be enough for you, old woman.”
Yui did not slow her attack. “If I have to carry one more bucket of water from the river you will be getting mud soup for dinner.”
Jiro pushed his bowl away from him and stood. “Fine! I will do it now, you old witch.” He walked over to the door and put on his shoes. “I will be back soon. I have to go to town and get some parts.”
Yui gave him a long look. “Don’t spend all day talking to Akio. You two are worse than old hens.”
Without further comment Jiro turned and left, pretending he did not hear her. He started up the road that led to the hardware shop on the edge of town. It was a pleasant walk that passed several small farms, his neighbors. Jiro did not know them very well; he had only spoken to them once or twice in the past few years and then only in passing. A small creek followed the road, and Jiro took pleasure in the sound of the running water. He stopped half way to town and knelt by the water. He scooped up a handful and drank.
“Life is good,” Jiro said. “The sun is shining, the water is cool and clean, and Yui is out of earshot. What could be better?” He chuckled to himself as he stood and looked around. Yes, he thought, this is heaven. He continued down the road and finally arrived at the hardware store. He entered the small wooden structure and walked up to the counter. “Oi! Akio, are you here?”
A small man came out from behind a blind and bowed. “Jiro my old friend, what brings you to town?”
Jiro groaned, “Yui is after me to fix the pump again. I need a rebuild kit.”
Akio laughed. “You had best not upset her Jiro or she may just throw you out.”
“Akio, I couldn’t get that lucky,” Jiro said, grinning at this friend.
“Is she giving you grief again?” Akio asked.
“Always, my friend,” Jiro said, throwing his hands in the air. “She is worse than an old crow.”
Akio laughed and went behind the screen. A few minutes later he came back with a medium-sized box that he placed on the counter. “Here you go Jiro. This should do the trick.”
Jiro nodded and began to open the box. “What do I owe you?”
Akio opened a book and began to write. “I will just put it on your tab. By the way, did you hear the news?”
Jiro looked up from the box. “What news?”
Akio picked up a newspaper from a small stack and handed it to Jiro. The headline read: “Mass Deaths in New York City - City Quarantined”. Jiro looked up from the paper. “Bah! New York City is a long way from here Akio. I wouldn’t worry too much about it. The Americans always have some crisis going on.”
Akio laughed. “You never change, old friend. You don’t care about anything unless it happens on your farm.”
Jiro grinned. “And why should I? It has nothing to do with me. If more people minded their own business the world would be a better place.”
Akio nodded. “Perhaps old friend.” Then he grinned back at him. “But it would be a bit boring.”
Jiro wave his hand at him. “Bah! I like boring. I will see you later. I had better get back before Yui comes looking for me.” Then Jiro turned and left the small shop. As he walked back to his home, he stopped and pulled the newspaper back out and started to read the article. It was another terrorist attack, or so it seemed, but why were so many people dying? He decided that when he got home he would listen to the radio and see if he could get more information about it.
He was almost home when one of his neighbors came running over to him, “Jiro! Have you heard the news?”
“Hai, Akio told me. Here is the paper,” he said, holding the paper out.
The man took it and scanned the front page. Then he looked up at Jiro. “I have just finished listening to the radio. They reports says that hundreds of thousands are dead and that the Americans have sealed off the city.”
Jiro eyed him suspiciously. “You must have heard it wrong. The Americans would never do something like that. Besides, it is the Americans’ problem, not ours. Let them take care of themselves. I have enough problems of my own. And that reminds me, I have to get home and fix a pump.”
Jiro shook his box and without another word headed back down the road to his house. When he arrived home he called for Yui and after a minute the door slid open and she appeared. “What do you need old man?”
Jiro handed her the paper. “Have a look at this. There is some kind of trouble in America.”
Yui read over the article and looked up at Jiro. “This is terrible, so many dead.”
Jiro nodded. “Go listen to the radio while I fix the pump, see if you can find out anything else.” He turned and walked around back to the pump stall and started to work.
Inside, Yui turned on the radio. Music was playing so she went back to cleaning up the kitchen. About thirty minutes later she heard the music stop and an announcer break in with a report.
“It has now been confirmed that over one million have died overnight in New York City and that the city is now under quarantine. The plague which was which was at first thought to be a mutation of the Swine Flu, has now been officially confirmed as a biological attack by Muslim Fundamentalists from the radical sect Jihad Now. In a radio broadcast from within the city the group claimed responsibility, and that the contagion, which they call Allah’s Breath, will sweep through the West and purge the world of infidels.’
Yui walked to the back door and called to Jiro. He got up and walked over to the porch. “The radio just confirmed the paper,” Yui said. “They say over one million Americans have died and that is was a terrorist attack.”
Jiro looked at her. “Did they say anything else? Is it going to affect us?”
Yui shook her head. “No, all they said was that it is killing Americans.”
Jiro slowly nodded his head and smiled. “See, it has nothing to do with us. Go back in and do your work. I will finish the pump.” Jiro turned and walked back to the pump house.
***
Tim was sitting at the small table finishing a soda and smoking when Sergeant Morden returned and started to dress. “Evans must be right, bro. Hutchinson said he also heard that there were over one million dead.”
Tim put out his smoke and stood. “Thing could go south quick, brother, be ready.”
Morden glanced over and smiled. “I hear you bro.”
Tim smiled back at his friend. “Let’s get downstairs and see what’s up.”
Tim locked the door as they left and walked over to the squad bay pushing one of the double doors open slightly. Corporal Hines was yelling and had the troops moving. Tim smiled; Hines was a good man and an excellent squad leader and he had things well in hand. Tim let the door close, then turned and with Morden at his side, headed to the stairwell. When they got downstairs they saw Lieutenant Peirce, their new platoon leader, talking to the Company XO.
Tim liked Peirce. Peirce had played football in high school and looked like he belonged on a recruiting poster. A recent graduate from Annapolis, his first post after Officer Candidate School had been Okinawa. He had spent many hours talking with the young lieutenant and they had developed a strong friendship. The LT, as Tim had come to call him, had even shared stories about his wife and family.
The lieutenant looked up and made eye contact with Tim and motioned for him and Morden to come over. As he approached Tim asked, “What’s going on LT?”
The young lieutenant answered stiffly, “Sergeant, all I know is that New York has been quarantined; no one in or out. They believe it to be some sort of terrorist attack. A Muslim fundamentalist group is taking responsibility.”
Tim smiled as he looked over at Morden. “God damn rag heads again. Don’t they ever learn?”
Pierce did not laugh. “Apparently not, Sergeant, and this time they really caused some damage.”
Tim took the cue from the lieutenant and became all business, “What are our orders, sir?”
“Get the men in their combat gear and ready to go,” the lieutenant told him. “We are on full alert. Formation is in fifteen minutes.”
Tim came to attention. “Aye, aye, sir.” Then he turned sharply and tapped Morden on the arm. “Looks like we are going to have to earn our pay this week. See you later.”
“Later, bro, I’ll let you know if I hear anything new,” Morden said as Tim hurried off to check on his troops. Fifteen minutes later, his platoon was standing behind the barracks in full gear and the squad leaders were yelling at stragglers and checking the men. Tim saw the LT come out of the barracks and he walked over to him, gave a quick salute and said, “Sir, the men are assembled. What are your orders?”
The LT returned the salute then said, “Sergeant, get them over to the armory and have them draw their weapons. Make sure to pick up the crew-served weapons as well, and then get back down here ASAP. Send a squad to draw live ammo and rations and do it quickly.”
Tim snapped another salute saying, “Aye, aye, sir.” Then he hurried over to his platoon and, calling them to attention, he marched them up the hill to the armory. Tim halted them and had them right face before giving his orders. “Draw your weapons and get back in formation on the double! Fallout!”
He motioned for his squad leaders to come over to him.
“What’s up, Sergeant?” asked Corporal Hines, the first squad leader.
“Have them check out the crew-served weapons and be ready to go ASAP. When your men have their weapons take your squad ahead and draw our ammo and frags. Corporal Higgins, you take your squad and get MREs for the platoon. Everyone meet back at the barracks in twenty minutes. LT wants everyone ready to move out.”
“Is this a drill?” Corporal Higgins asked.
Tim shook his head saying, “Well they’re issuing live ammo, so I think this is for real. You have your orders, now move!”
They ran off to carry out his orders as he turned and pulled out a cigarette. He began thinking about what the lieutenant had said.
New York was sealed off, no one in or out.
This was bad, real bad. Tim’s attention was drawn to a platoon coming up the hill. It was Sergeant Morden’s, and after he had released them to get their weapons Morden walked over to where he was standing.
Morden was grinning broadly. “Looks like we are going to have to kill us some more Muslims, hey bro?”
“It’s looking that way. We should have wiped them all out when were there the last time,” Tim said, offering his friend a cigarette.
Morden lit the smoke and said, “They just never learn, bro. Perhaps we should just nuke them and get it over with.”
“That would be too easy. They need to suffer a little for what they’ve done.” Tim’s tone was like cold steel.
Morden laughed, “That’s harsh, bro, but you always were a hard ass.” He dropped his cigarette and stepped on it. “I have to go check on my men, catch up to you later.”
Tim nodded and took another drag from his cigarette then turned and stared off to the east. Somewhere across the Pacific Ocean was the West Coast of America and beyond that Colorado. He thought about his family, something he had not done in years. “I hope they are doing okay.” Tim field-stripped his smoke and taking on more glace to the east he headed up to the armory.
***
Asa arrived at her friend’s house to find Suki sneaking out of the front door. Asa crept up behind Suki and grabbed her. “What are you doing?”
Suki jumped. “Asa! You frightened me!” Catching her breath she added, “Dad is on a rant again so I had to sneak out.”
“What now, the labor unions?” Asa said rolling her eyes. Asa was used to Suki’s dad ranting about the unions.
Suki shook her head. “No, there is something going on in America and he is going on and on about how they need to mind their own business and they would not keep getting attacked.”
Asa pouted. “I like the Americans, they’re fun!”
Suki smiled and said, “Me too!” Then both girls began to giggle as they headed for school.
“Did you get your allowance?” Suki asked.
“Yes, I got up early and made the rice and did some laundry. Mom was so surprised that she gave it to me,” Asa told her waving the money at Suki.
Suki clapped her hands. “Good, now we have enough to get the new dress you wanted.”
The two girls walk together chatting about the clothes they would get after school, unaware and unconcerned about the events happening on the other side of the world. It did not have anything to do with them and it was boring. There was always something going on with the Americans, why should today be any different?
***
Tim stood looking at his platoon. They were at attention and each had two bandoleers of ammo and four grenades. They had a grim look about them as Tim started to load his shotgun, slowly walking down the front of their formation.
“At ease.” Tim commanded as he finished loading the shotgun. He slung it on his right should, turned to face his men and said, “Marines, once again the shit has hit the fan. Those fucking rag heads have gone and done something stupid again and once more we are going to have to fuck up their world.”
The platoon burst into laughter.
His men liked him; Tim was a hard man, but fair, he also liked to joke a lot. But as their laughter died down, Tim’s smile slowly vanished and he said, “I am afraid this time it isn’t a joke. The reports we have are grave to say the least. New York City has been sealed off; quarantined. There are reports of death tolls in excess of one million.”
A murmur rose among his men as they stared in disbelief.
“At ease men!” Tim chided them, “Right now all we know is that rag heads have made a statement that they are responsible and the U.S. is evil and Allah will crush all of us infidels, and blah, blah, blah.” He made a hand motion like he was jerking off then added, “Same old bullshit they always say, but this time they have hit us hard.”
He paused and looked down the line of men. “Marines, this is what we were trained to do. So let’s get it done!”
His men responded in unison, “Yes, sir!”
He smiled as he looked at them. His men were ready and willing to fight.
“All right then. Smoke ‘em if you got ‘em,” Tim told them as he motioned for Corporal Hines to come over. “Go see what’s holding up Higgins with those MREs.”
The trucks soon arrived and an hour later they were outside the north gate of Camp Shields. Lieutenant Peirce’s Hummer pulled up and Tim ran over to it. “What’s the word LT?’
The lieutenant got out and said, “Sergeant, I want regular patrols up and down these fence lines, three-man fire teams. Set up your CP here at the crossroads and tell your men to shoot anyone trying to get on base, no warnings. Detain all persons without proper ID or clearance.”
Tim snapped to attention and saluted. “Understood LT, I’m on it!” Then turned and ran back to his platoon calling them to attention as the lieutenant got back in his hummer and drove off.
Tim looked at his men, “OK men, here are our orders. Perimeter defense, so be ready to move out.” He called his squad leaders over. “Have the men load their weapons. We have orders to shoot to kill; you are to engage all hostiles with deadly force.”
Corporal Hines was the first to speak. “What do we define as hostile?”
“Anyone in our kill zone that is not supposed to be there is to be considered a hostile. The orders are not to let anyone on the base, period.” Tim’s tone left no doubt he was serious.
Corporal Higgins laughed nervously. “You’re joking, right? You can’t be serious.”
Tim’s look was hard. “You want to go ask the LT yourself? Be my guest, but he is not in the best of moods right now.”
Higgins slowly shook his head.
Tim nodded. “Fine then, let’s get started. Higgins, get a patrol started down these fences. Check everyone you see, if they don’t belong there, detain them.” He turned to the other Corporal. “Hines, set up a bunker here at the cross roads with a fifty-caliber in it and get communications up with HQ.” Finally he turned to the last squad leader. “Jackson, you take Third Squad and set up a perimeter around the gate. I want two-man fighting holes every twenty meters. Your kill zone is one hundred meters in all directions of the gate. No one gets past us.” He looked at each man in turn and then said, “You have your orders, now move!”
The squad leaders turned and started to yell and immediately the platoon jumped to life.
***
When Asa and Suki arrived at school everyone was excited. They were all talking about the Americans and New York City.
“What’s going on?” Suki asked her teacher.
“Don’t you read the papers?” The teacher asked. “Many Americans have died in a terrorist attack. They are saying that terrorists have released some kind of sickness and now people are dying from it.”
“Yes, my father told me. But what has that got to do with us?” Suki asked.
The teacher gave her a disapproving look. “Your seventeen now, you should pay more attention to world events instead of shopping all the time! Then perhaps you wouldn’t be thought of as just a silly little girl.”
Suki’s feelings were hurt and she did not want to hear anymore. She bowed to the teacher. “Yes Sensai.” And then went to her desk. Asa sat down next to her and asked what the teacher had said to her.
Suki looked out the window. “Sensai says that someone has attacked America again and there are a lot of people dead. Then he called me a silly little girl. I did not want to hear more so I left.”
Asa gasped. “This is bad! The Americans will be on alert now and will all be on base this weekend, not at the seawall. It will be boring.”
Suki turned to her friend. “Is that all you can think about? Going to the seawall this weekend? Didn’t you hear what I said? Over a million Americans have died.”
Asa did not respond. Instead she just looked away and tried to pretend she did not hear her. Then she turned to Suki. “That may be, but what has it got to do with us? The Americans are always getting attacked by someone.”
Suki did not respond to her, she was still stewing about the remarks from her teacher. Asa let it drop and soon the class settled down and life at school returned to normal.
***
By late afternoon, patrols could be seen moving up and down the streets outside Camp Shields. A sand bag bunker sat at the cross roads just outside the gate and several fox holes appeared along the road and on both sides of the gate as Third Squad set their defenses.
Tim surveyed the area approvingly, and when he was happy with what he saw he again called his squad leaders over. “Hines, take charge here. I am going over to HQ and talk to the LT. You call me on the radio if anything happens, got it?”
“Yes, Sergeant! I got it,” Hines said then added, “See if you can find out anything more about New York.”
“Will do Hines, you just hold down the fort. I’ll be back within the hour,” Tim said as he turned and waved to his driver. Five minutes later he was standing in front of the headquarters bunker. He ducked under the canvas covering the entrance and found the LT talking to the other platoon sergeants.
“Sergeants, things in New York have really gotten bad,” the LT told them. “The death toll is now almost two million and climbing. There are reports of riots and fires are burning all over the city. Let us pray that our scientists come up with a cure in the next twenty-four hours.” He paused as he saw Tim enter and then continued, “Here on Okinawa at least we are safe. They have suspended all air traffic to the island and they have closed all the ports. No one gets on the island until this blows over.”
Tim stepped next to the LT. “Sir, Second Platoon has secured the northern gate.” He looked down at a map that was on the table and pointed to the crossroads. “We are patrolling the fences from this point for two miles in both directions.”
Peirce glanced at the map and nodded, “Excellent, Sergeant. Have your OP send me regular reports every hour.”
“Yes, sir,” Tim replied quickly as he fell in with the other Sergeants.
“You other sergeants make sure that your area of operation is secure and send me regular reports too. You are dismissed.” Then he turned to Tim, “Stay a minute Sergeant Hartmann.”
The others left, and when the Lieutenant was sure they were alone he spoke. “Tim, my wife and kid are in New York City right now. They went there to be with her mother in Manhattan. I haven’t been able to get through to her on the phone, all the circuits are busy.” Pierce had a pained look in his eyes.
Tim reached out and put his hand on the LT’s shoulder. “Bill it will be okay. Tammy is a smart woman. I am sure she is holed up with her mom and will ride this out.” Tim reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “Here, take my cell phone and see if you can get through with it.”
Bill smiled as he took the phone. “Thanks Tim, I owe you.”
“Not a problem, just keep me abreast of the situation.” Tim patted Bill on the back. “Don’t worry so much, you’ll go gray like me.”
Bill laughed. “Will do, and Tim, keep your head on straight. Unless I miss my guess, this is going to get ugly fast.”
Tim nodded then turned and left. He got back in his Hummer and his driver took him back to his platoon command post.
***
Asa had finished her morning classes and was sitting outside having lunch when one of Suki’s sisters walked over. “Father was looking for you this morning. He gave this to me to give to you.”
She handed Suki a small envelope. Suki opened it and found her allowance inside. She looked over at Asa, “Look Asa my father paid me, too! Now we can get both outfits.”
Asa smiled broadly. “That’s great! Maybe we can stop and get a soda too.”
The two girls chatted merrily for the rest of lunch planning on how they would spend their new-found wealth.
Later that afternoon when Asa had gotten dressed after P.E., she heard the typhoon sirens start to blast. Her teacher got up and went to the window and looked out. The skies were clear and no tests were scheduled. She walked to the door and looked in the hallway. The principal was walking toward her and she stepped out into hall to meet him.
“I have been informed to tell you to send all the students home immediately and that school is canceled until further notice. Tell the students to go straight home and that there is a curfew in effect.”
The teacher bowed and then returned to the gym. There she called the students to attention. When they were all looking at her she began, “Students, you are instructed to return to your homes, go straight there and do not go anywhere else. School is canceled until further notice and a curfew is now in effect. The authorities will detain those who do not obey. I would not worry too much; perhaps it is just a precaution. Go home and enjoy your short day.”
She forced a little smile and the students busied themselves with picking up. Asa and Suki frowned. “It’s not fair! Now we can’t go to the Mall.”
Suki nodded in agreement. “And after we went to all the trouble to get our allowance early too.”
The two sulked all the way home. Asa didn’t even say goodbye to Suki, but instead just went inside and straight to her room. She plopped down on her bed and put on her headphones, then turned the volume all the way up. Azami came in from hanging the wash out back and didn’t even notice that Asa had come in.
***
As evening fell, Jiro got up from his work on the pump. It had been difficult to remove the old seals, but now the pump was working fine. He stood and cranked the pump handle, the water ran from the spigot and he put his cup under it. He drank the cool water and said, “There, now Yui can stop her complaining.”
He picked up his tools and headed for the house. Yui already had dinner on the table and after he washed up he sat down. As they ate Yui looked over at Jiro. “Do you think we should listen to the radio some more?”
Jiro looked up at her. “Why? It does not concern us. We can listen in the morning and see if there is anything new.”
Yui nodded and then cleared up the dishes. Then they went to bed, not realizing more than four million were now dead in New York City.
***
When nightfall came Azami began to worry. She put dinner on the table and was just about to call Suki’s house when Asa finally came down she and gave her mother quite a fright. “When did you get home?” She yelled. “I have been worried sick waiting on you!”
Asa walked over and stood by the table. “I have been home all afternoon. They sent us home early. Didn’t you hear me come in?”
Azami shook her head. “No, I must have been in the backyard when you came in. Next time come and find me.”
“Yes mother, I am sorry.”
Azami regained her composure. “Just don’t let it happen again. It is bad enough I have to put up with your father being late, I don’t need to worry about you too.” Asa bowed and started to set the table.
Dinner time came and went but Asa’s father did not come home. Finally Azami called the base where he worked. He answered the phone and told her that all essential personnel had to stay and work, he would most likely be staying at one of the barracks tonight and they should just eat without him.
Azami hung up the phone. “Your father has to work late so we will be eating without him. He also said to turn on the TV and listen.”
Asa walked to the TV and turned it on. There was a single tone being played with a scrolling message stating there was an emergency broadcast pending. The tone stopped and a man’s face came into view.
“This is a special report from translated from the American Armed Forces Broadcasting Service on the situation in New York City. The latest reports are that over four million have died since the outbreak of the Plague. They still have not found a cure, but the President of the United States has stated that he has every confidence that one will be found soon. The Plague, which was at first thought to be a mutation of the Swine Flu, has now been officially confirmed as a biological attack by Muslim Fundamentalists from the radical sect Jihad Now. The virus which they call ‘Allah’s Breath’ is still spreading with no end in sight. Jihad Now states there is no cure and that it will sweep through the West and purge the world of infidels.’
Azami turned the TV off and looked over at Asa, “This is horrible. What kind of people could do this?”
Asa was too stunned to respond. She got up and silently and went to her room.


Chapter 2
The next morning Tim got up and after he shaved and checked on his men, he went back to the Headquarters to check on the situation. He arrived to find that the officers were having a meeting outside the Command Bunker. As Tim approached the circle of men he noted that the Regimental Commanding Officer, Colonel Karnes, was briefing them. Peirce saw him and waved him over.
The colonel had stopped speaking but was still holding a message in his right hand. His hand had dropped to his side and Tim noticed it was trembling.
“What gives LT?” Tim whispered.
The tone in the lieutenant’s voice was flat, “New York City has been destroyed by Presidential Order.”
Tim stared at him for a few seconds not wanting to believe what he had just heard, then he asked, “What do you mean destroyed?”
Almost mechanically Bill replied, “It was nuked thirty minutes ago; one hundred megaton surface blast.”
Tim stared at the ground in disbelief, his mind reeling. How could we use nukes on our own city? He glanced over at the lieutenant and noticed a strange look in his eyes. “This is nuts, how can they do this?”
Peirce said nothing as Tim stood there not sure of what to do when suddenly his thoughts crystallized as realization of what Pierce had said set in. He turned and grasped Bill by the arm. “What about your wife and child, did you get through to them on my cell?”
Peirce turned away, unable to face him. As he turned away Tim could see tears welling up in his eyes. “They’re gone. All I have left now is the Corps.” Peirce broke free from Tim’s grasp and walked away.
Tim didn’t know what to say. He turned to the rest of the officers and waited for his orders. Ten minutes later he returned to his men and called them to attention.
He stared at them for a good minute then cleared his throat. “Men, New York City has been destroyed.” The platoon stood in silence as he continued. “The president ordered a one hundred megaton nuke to be dropped this morning. We do not have any further information at this time. Return to your posts and stay sharp.”
The men hesitated and then slowly dispersed and resumed their posts. Hines waited a moment then walked over to where Tim was standing. “This is nuts. How could they do it?”
Tim spat, “Easy, they just pushed a button. New York City was lost anyway. The last reports out of the city before they lost contact were over six million dead. All the nuke did was cremate the bodies.”
Hines stared at Tim, a look of disgust in his eyes. “You’re a cold man, Sergeant, those were people.”
Tim wheeled on the Corporal so fast that Hines took a step back. “And now their dead! We have to concentrate on our mission. Now return to your post.”
Hines came to attention. “Yes Sergeant!” Then he turned and entered the bunker as a Hummer pulled up. Hartmann heard a familiar voice and looked over.
“What’s up, bro?”
Morden was grinning as he got out of the Hummer and walked over to Tim.
“Have you heard the latest?” Morden asked him slyly.
“What? About New York?” Tim scoffed.
“What about New York, bro?” Morden asked raising one eye brow.
Tim looked back at his friend and said, “It’s been nuked and by our own government. Guess they decided to bake the Big Apple.”
“That’s fucked up, bro,” Morden said. “But I have other news.”
“What’s that?” Tim asked pulling out a cigarette and lighting it.
“I was just over at the communication center, bro. There’s all kinds of radio traffic coming in. One of my sources told me that both the Pacific and Atlantic fleets have been mobilized. It seems that Russia is making some pretty bold statements.”
“Like what?” Tim asked giving his friend a sideways glance.
“Well, for one thing, bro,” Morden started as he took the cigarette from Tim’s hand, “they are demanding that the U.S. contain the spread of the plague or they will take matters into their own hands.”
Tim scoffed. “And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“Just what they said, bro, they have moved a shit load of their missile subs off the East Coast.” Morden handed the smoke back to Tim. “I think they mean to nuke us.”
Tim took a drag off the cigarette then crushed it out on a sandbag. “This is insane, what are they thinking? They have to know we will retaliate.”
Morden put his hand on Tim’s shoulder. “Bro, my family just moved to D.C. You think they will be okay?”
Tim smiled. “They are going to be just fine. Russia is full of shit, they’re bluffing, trying to get our government to get off their asses. Besides, we just nuked New York City, what more can the Russians want from us?”
“I hope your right, bro,” Morden said trying to smile.
“I am!” Tim told him reassuringly. “You’ll see; this will all blow over in a couple days.”
Morden got back in his Hummer and looked Tim squarely in the eyes, “You watch your ass, bro.”
Tim nodded, “You too, brother, you too.”
***
Asa woke up, and after she had dressed she went down to find her mother sitting at the table listening to the TV. She looked up at Asa. “They are saying that all communication with New York City has been lost.”
Asa sat down putting her head in her hands. “I don’t want to talk about it, Mother, it is too depressing.”
“Okay, at least let me get you some breakfast,” Azami said and she turned off the TV and cooked Asa some eggs. When they had finished breakfast, Asa stood, and like a robot just going through the motions, grabbed her school bag and starting for the door. Azami looked over at her. “Where are you going? School is canceled.”
Asa stopped and turned. “I forgot. What am I going to do all day?”
“You can help me around the house today. We can have a girl’s day. It will be fun,” Azami told her hopefully.
Asa nodded and then went upstairs to change out of her school clothes. When she came back down her mother handed her a feather duster and she went into the living room and started to work as the phone rang. Azami answered it, and after a brief conversation, she hung up and walked over to the radio. “That was your father. He said to turn on the TV.”
Asa sat down and turned the small black knob on front of the TV, instantly a man’s face came into view as he continued his report.
“It has just been confirmed, the American’s have destroyed New York City. The President of the United States authorized the use of a nuclear device to destroy the city this morning in an attempt to stop the spread of the plague. Just before eight-thirty local time, a one hundred megaton bomb was detonated above Manhattan.”
Asa turned off the TV and began to cry as Azami walked over and put her arm around her. “It will be Okay. Let’s make some cookies for Father to surprise him when he comes home.”
Asa looked up at her with tears in her eyes. “Cookies? You think cookies are going to make it all better?”
Azami looked away and then back at her. “Well what else are we supposed to do? Can you cure the sickness? Can you undo what has happened?”
Asa slowly shook her head. “No.”
Azami turned and got down a pan. “Then let’s do something we can control and perhaps we can get our minds off this horrible news.”
Asa stood and crossed to the pantry, then pulled out the flour. Azami joined her and soon the smell of fresh cookies filled the house.
***
Yui turned off the radio and sat down and shook her head in disbelief. She had just heard the radio announcement but could not believe it. The Americans had destroyed one of their largest cities, how could this be? She jumped up and ran to the back door and called for Jiro. “Come quickly, there is very bad news on the radio.”
Jiro came into the kitchen and sat down next to Yui who was already back at the radio listening. The reporter was continuing his broadcast.
“In other news, the Russian fleet has moved closer to the East Coast of the United States. They have officially warned the US that any ships or planes attempting to leave the country will be attacked. The US has assured them that all air and sea traffic has been suspended until further notice.”
Jiro reached over and turned off the radio and turned to Yui who was visibly shaken. She looked up at him. “What are we going to do Jiro?”
Jiro smiled and put his arm around her. “Nothing, we are going to be fine. I am sure the Americans know what they are doing. Let’s just get back to our chores and we can listen to the radio tonight.”
Yui looked at him uncertainly as Jiro went back to the door. He stopped at the door. “It will be okay, you will see. The Americans always find a way to fix their problems, this will be no different.”
Yui nodded and went to the window, where she watched her husband working in the garden. He sang as he worked and seemed unconcerned about the reports so she went back to the kitchen and started to clean up again. Soon she was back in her old routine and was humming to herself as she cleaned.
***
It was late afternoon when Tim stepped outside the bunker and lit a smoke. He had just finished his putting away his lighter when he heard a vehicle approaching. He looked up to see a Hummer coming towards him from the direction of the base. It stopped next to the bunker and Lieutenant Pierce got out. “Sergeant, the plague has spread. There are reports of deaths in New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Massachusetts.”
Tim threw is smoke down in disgust. “Well that’s just great. What are they going to do about it? Nuke the entire East Coast?”
The lieutenant looked down at the still smoking cigarette. “No, they are still trying to find a cure. But the Russians are putting pressure on the US. They have over half of their ballistic subs off the East Coast right now.”
Tim crushed out the smoke and looked at Bill. “Wonderful! Perhaps we can just have World War Three right now. This is madness!”
“Yes it is,” Bill told him as he straightened. “But for now they are all bark and no bite. Let’s hope it stays that way.”
Tim smiled. “I hear you LT. How are you holding up? I am really sorry about your wife and kid.”
Bill looked away, then back to his friend. “I pulled it together last night, thanks. I need to stay focused on the mission. They would have wanted it that way.”
Tim slapped him on the shoulder. “Semper Fi, sir. I will let the men know about the spread of the plague.”
“Good. Carry on, Sergeant.” The lieutenant got back in his Hummer and drove away. Tim looked down at the still smoldering cigarette and kicked some dirt on it, then turned and called out to his squad leaders, “Assemble the men!” When they had the men in formation he broke the news to them.
“Men, I have bad news, the nuke didn’t stop the plague. It is spreading up and down the East Coast.” He paused and looked at his men. “I wish I had better news, but this is all we have. I will keep you informed as we get more reports, dismissed!”
The men slowly broke ranks and went back to their posts. Hines walked over and waited for Tim by the bunker entrance. Tim saw him and walked over and Hines looked at him plaintively. “Is there any news from Boston?”
Tim shook his head. “Nothing specific, the LT just said that there were reports from Massachusetts.”
“My family lives in Boston,” Hines told him, his voice cracking slightly.
Tim tried to smile reassuringly. “Don’t worry Hines, they will find a cure, they always do.”
“I hope you’re right, Sergeant,” Hines said forcing a smile. Then he turned and entered the bunker as Tim lit another smoke and followed him.
***
Asa and her mom were folding clothes when a report came over the TV.
“We are getting scattered reports that the plague has spread to the New Jersey, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and other surrounding states. In addition, Canada has over one thousand confirmed deaths from the plague. Officials have refused to comment on the containment strategies, as the disease continues to spread at an alarming rate.”
Asa dropped the shirt she was folding and sat down. Azami turned off the TV and said, “Let’s get dinner ready. You set the table.” Asa nodded and got up and went to the kitchen to get the dishes.
The phone rang as Azami was setting the table and after a brief conversation she hung it up and turned to Asa. “Your father is not coming home tonight.” Asa nodded and picked up the dish she had just placed for her father and returned it to the kitchen. Then she and her mother sat down ate in silence not wanting to talk about what was happening. When they were done, they cleaned up without a word and both went upstairs to get ready for bed. As Azami turned out Asa’s light she said, “Perhaps tomorrow will bring better news.”
Asa did not respond, she just rolled over and quietly wept.
***
When Jiro got up to come in for dinner he looked up and saw Yui was standing in the back door. She was waving for him to come quickly. “More reports are coming in. The plague has spread to more cities in America, millions are dying and now the Russians are threatening them.”
Jiro came in and sat down at the table. He listened intently to the radio as the announcer continued his report.
“The Russians have moved many of their ballistic nuclear submarines into the waters off the East Coast of America. The Americans have responded by having their entire Atlantic and Pacific fleets set sail. Hundreds of warships have left harbors all along the East and West coasts of America. The risk of a full confrontation between the Super Powers seems eminent at this point if a diplomatic solution cannot be reached. Meanwhile, the death toll on the East Coast of America has surpassed twenty million and the President of the United States has declared martial law across America and the entire US Military has been put on alert.”
Yui and Jiro just looked at each other. They could not believe it, was the world going crazy? Jiro turned the radio off. “I have had enough bad news for one day! If the Russians and Americans want to kill each other, there is nothing we can do about it.”
Yui started to cry. “What if they start to drop those horrible bombs everywhere? Won’t that affect us?”
“America and Russia are a long way from here, don’t worry my love. I will look after you,” Jiro said, putting his arm around her.
Yui forced a smile and turned away. Yui was not so sure that this was going to just affect the Americans and Russians. If they started a war, then everyone would be involved. Yui served dinner and they ate in silence. When they were done, she rose and cleaned up. All the time she kept glancing at the radio, wondering what was happening in the world. Jiro just rose and without another word went to bed. Yui waited until he was asleep and then she turned the radio back on. She had to know what was going on. She listened to the reports until she fell asleep by the radio.
***
Tim sat in the bunker reading the radio reports. He shifted the lamp to get better light and continued to read. The plague continued to spread and was reported as far south as Florida and as far north as Greenland. There were also several reports about the Russian fleet and Tim’s unit had been placed at DEFCON 2.
It seemed that things were as bad as they could get. Tim threw down the reports and took a drink from his coffee cup. “Shit! This is ice cold!”
Hines walked over and took the cup from Tim. “Sorry Sergeant. Can you keep an eye out while I go and get some fresh coffee from the mess tent?”
Tim nodded. “Sure, and see if they’ve gotten around to getting hot chow going. I would like to have a warm breakfast tomorrow.”
“Will do, Sergeant,” Hines said as he ducked out of the bunker.
Tim looked at the reports lying on the table and then he suddenly knocked them to the ground. “Fuck! This is just crazy. How can things have gotten this far so fast?” He sat there, then stood and walked over to the fifty-caliber machine gun and looked out the firing hole.
The light had completely faded and Tim could see the glowing coals of several cigarettes in the fox holes lining the street. “I will have to speak to the squad leaders about that,” Tim said to himself. “We can’t have a war without good light discipline.” Then he chuckled, “War. I thought Afghanistan would have sated our thirst for it. But I guess not.”
Tim sat there looking out and had lost track of time when he heard a noise behind him and he spun around. It was Hines returning.
“Got some fresh coffee, Sergeant,” Hines said holding up a large thermos.
“Good,” Tim grunted. “What about the chow?”
Hines nodded. “Mess Chief says breakfast is good to go.” Then he sat down the thermos and reached in his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. “I got this from a runner on my way back here.” He handed it to Tim.
Tim unfolded it and read aloud, “SICPAC to all US Forces in the Middle East. The Russians have broken off all communications with the US Government. Joint Chiefs feel attack on CONUS Eastern Seaboard is eminent. All US Forces are to go on combat footing immediately.”
Tim dropped the note on the table and then looked at Hines. “Notify the other squad leaders and have them pass it on to the men.”
Hines nodded and turned to leave when Tim added, “And have them cover those smokes. I want light and noise discipline from now on.”
“Yes, Sergeant,” Hines replied and then disappeared into the dark.


Chapter 3
Tim walked down the line checking on their defenses and it was mid-morning when he returned to the bunker to find Hines eating an MRE. Tim set his shotgun down and grabbed an MRE from the box and sat down next to him. He had just started to eat the main course when the radio crackled to life. He picked up the headset and keyed the mike. “This is OP Two, over.”
“This is Second Platoon Actual, the Russians have launched on the East Coast and we are getting reports of heavy casualties. Our response is inbound to Russia as we speak. Tell your men that as of now, we are at war the Russia, over.”
“Yes, sir, will do, out.” Tim said and then threw down the mic.
Tim looked over at Hines. “We are at war with the Russians. They nuked the East Coast trying to stop the plague.”
Hines stopped eating and looked over at him. “So Boston is gone?”
“I am afraid so,” Tim said looking down at his boots. He looked back to Hines. “I don’t see how it could have survived a full strike.”
Hines lowered his head, nodding slowly. After a minute he looked back at Tim. “Have we retaliated? Did we nuke the bastards back?”
Tim nodded. “Our birds are on the way. They should impact any minute now.”
“Good!” Hines said, wiping a tear from his eyes. “I hope they kill every last one of those bastards!” Then Hines threw his meal pack across the bunker and wept openly.
Tim just nodded and walked out of the bunker. He lit a smoke and looked to the north. Somewhere out there, a thousand miles away, death was coming and millions would be dead in a matter of moments. He started to think about the women and children that would be killed and then he snapped himself out of it. “They nuked us first. The fuckers deserve what they get!”
He threw down his smoke and called for his squad leaders. When they arrived he pulled his helmet off and leaned against the bunker. “Corporals, tell your men that Russia has launched a strike on the East Coast. Let them know that as of now we are at war with Russia and we are now on a war footing. I want challenge passwords used at all posts. We are close to Russia here so we need to assume they may attack up at any time. Make sure your men are alert and ready for action.” Tim paused then asked, “Are there any questions?”
Higgins raised his hand, “Sergeant is there any more news on the plague?’
“Just that it is spreading all along the East Coast,” Tim told him. “There are reports in Canada and Mexico now, but no cure as of yet.”
“Wonderful,” Higgins replied. “America is slowly dying and we are stuck here.”
“Here is a good place to be right now,” Tim said “We have to hold on and do our duty if America is to survive. Now get back to your men and pass the word.”
The corporals turned and went their separate ways as Tim stood there thinking. By now the nukes had hit their targets and Russia would be in ruins. He prayed the bombing would stop there, because if it didn’t there wasn’t much hope for the world.
***
Asa came downstairs and found her mother listening to the TV again. She looked up at Asa, tears in her eyes. “The Russians and Americans have started a nuclear war.”
Asa dropped into her chair. She could not believe what she just heard.
Azami continued, “The Russians destroyed several cities on the East Coast of America, so the Americans destroyed most of the major cities in Russia. Right now they are just waiting to see what the other will do.”
The reality of it sank into Asa’s mind—a nuclear war. It was like something from a science fiction movie. She looked over at her mother. “What about the plague, did the bombing stop it?”
Azami slowly shook her head. “I am afraid not. It has spread to the West Coast of America now, and even Mexico is reporting deaths from plague now.”
Asa was stunned. How could a terrorist attack in New York lead to all this in just a couple days? Asa looked over at her mother then stood and walked over to her. She bent over and kissed her on the forehead then walked back to her room.
***
Just after one in the afternoon the music stopped and was replaced by a steady tone. Yui listened and soon the announcer started his report.
“This is an official government broadcast; I repeat an official government broadcast. War had broken out between Russia and the United States. An undetermined nuclear exchange has taken place and at this time all we know is that most of the East Coast of America has been destroyed. All residents are asked to stay at home until this crisis has passed. No travel on major roads is permitted and all civilians are asked to stay away from the military bases. All unauthorized persons found near any American Base will be detained.”
Yui ran to the back door and called to Jiro. “Come quickly, the Russians have bombed America.”
Jiro dropped his hoe and ran to the back door. He looked in to see Yui sitting at the table. She had the radio turned all the way up.
“Again, scattered reports are coming in from Russia. Moscow, Bryansk, Ekaterinburg, Kazan, Nizhny, Pskov, Samara, St. Petersburg, Rostov-on-Don and several other cities in Russia have been destroyed by the United States in retaliation for the bombing of the East Coast. The death toll is not known yet, but will be in the hundreds of millions. No further response from the Russians has occurred, but a broadcast from the President of the United States stated that any further hostilities from Russia would result in a full scale strike on that country.”
Yui turned the radio off and cried, “They will be the death of us all.” Tears streamed down her face as she turned and ran to the bedroom. Jiro just stared at the radio in disbelief.
“How could this have happened?” Jiro said aloud. “The Russians had to know that the Americans would retaliate.” He walked outside and into the back yard and looked up at the sky. Then he grabbed his hoe and went out to his garden.
***
That evening a runner brought a hand written note from the lieutenant. I simply read, “L.A. has the Plague. LT.” Tim crumpled up the paper and threw it down, then lit a smoke and watched as the sun set. It was all so surreal; the world was falling apart and here he was, watching a beautiful sunset on a tropical island. Tim turned and entered the bunker. “I’ll tell them in the morning. They’ve had enough bad news for one day.” Then he laid down on his cot and fell into a fitful sleep.
***
The next morning Asa was awoken by the air raid sirens going off. Asa ran downstairs and found her mother in front of the TV. Azami looked up. “Come and sit down, they are going to make a statement.”
Asa sat and the two waited for the announcer to speak. Suddenly a short tone played followed by a man speaking.
“It has been confirmed that the People’s Republic of China launched a nuclear strike on over thirty U.S., Canadian and Mexican cities on the West Coast in an attempt to keep the plague in check. America has responded by launching over two hundred nuclear missiles into China, destroying several major cities including Beijing, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Nanchang. The death toll in both countries is very high with estimates close to five hundred million. Fallout predictions show that elevated radiation levels will hit the island of Okinawa by late tomorrow afternoon. All residents are ordered to report to local shelters to minimize exposure to harmful radiation. You are advised to bring only one medium suitcase with essential items. This message repeats.”
The report started again and Azami turned it off as Asa got up and ran upstairs. Azami followed her and looked into her room. Asa was grabbing several pair of underwear and some socks. Azami went to her room and pulled out a suitcase and started to pack it. She grabbed some clothes and her toiletries then turned to see Asa standing there.
She had changed into blue jeans and had on a light coat. She was holding an armful of assorted items, which she dropped into her mother’s suitcase. Azami surveyed the new additions to the case.
“I don’t think your IPOD is an essential item,” Azami noted.
Asa scoffed, “Perhaps not to you, but I am not going into that shelter without some kind of entertainment.”
They both laughed and when they had finished packing Azami filled the last space in the suitcase with some packaged food. “Just in case,” she said, closing the suitcase.
***
Tim was just finishing his coffee when another runner from HQ came in and handed him the note. Tim sat in the CP holding the message crumpled up in his fist. He stared out the door of the bunker and absently smoked a cigarette. He thought about what had happened over the last few days. It was now two days since New York City had been destroyed. “Only two days!” Tim spat. Then he looked down at the crumpled message in his hand.
Now China had decided that it was time to act. They started nuking any city on the West Coast of the U.S., Canada and Mexico that had reported plague deaths. The United States response had been simple; they had launched all their remaining missiles at China. Soon China would share the same fate as Russia.
Tim was roused from his thoughts by Corporal Hines entering the bunker. “What did the message say?’
“It says we’re fucked!” Tim handed the wadded up paper to Hines. He opened it up and read it aloud. “From Second Platoon Actual: China launched on forty US, Canadian, and Mexican cities. US retaliated with remaining nukes. War declared with China. Inform your men.”
He looked at Tim who was lighting another smoke. “This can’t be happening, it just can’t. The whole world is losing it.”
Tim nodded. “It appears they can Hines, and they have. May God have mercy on us all.” Then Tim stood and walked out of the bunker. The bright morning light warmed his face and he stood there, his eyes closed and his face to the sun. A minute later Hines walked out of the bunker. “Sergeant, LT wants you over at HQ ASAP.”
Tim looked over and Hines handed him his shotgun and helmet and Tim took them without thinking and then walked over to his Hummer. He glanced back at Hines who was still standing by the door to the bunker. “I’ll be back in a flash. Pass the word on about the Chinese will you.”
***
Jiro and Yui were just finishing a late breakfast when the air raid sirens went off. Jiro reached over and turned on the radio. Yui joined him and the sat waiting as a short tone played. Suddenly the tone ended and the report began.
When it was over Yui and Jiro stared at the radio in disbelief. Jiro hit the table as he turned and looked at Yui. “That is just great, and where are we supposed to go? The closest shelter is ten kilometers away. I am not going to walk there. If it is the end of the world I will just stay in my own home.”
He got up, went out back and sat on the porch. He looked up at the morning sky trying to calm down. Yui joined him and they sat quietly watching the as the new day dawned clear and bright. Yui took Jiro by the hand and they both sat there and prayed. Finally Jiro stood and walked to the kitchen. He picked up the radio and threw it at the wall. Yui came running in. “What are you doing?”
“Enough bad news!” He yelled. “If the world is going to end, I will have some peace first.”
He walked back to his fields and tried to enjoy what little time they had left.
***
Tim arrived at the HQ bunker to find the lieutenant going over messages and checking a huge map that was on the table. The map was covered with overlays showing the nuked areas, fallout patterns, and the plague areas. There were big red Xs over cities that had gone silent. As Tim stood looking at the map, he could not believe what he saw—half of America was now a nuclear wasteland and rest was dead or dying from the plague. Russia and China were silent; no news had come from them for the last twelve hours. It was just now starting the fourth day since they had heard the news about New York City and half the world was dead.
Tim cleared his throat. “You wanted to see me, LT?”
Bill looked up at him. “Sergeant, we have just gotten word that Pacific Fleet has gone silent and there has still been no word from Atlantic fleet for thirty-six hours.” He paused and straightened. “The last contact with CONUS was over two hours ago so it looks like we are on our own.” He walked over to a small table and sat down. “Here on Okinawa at least no one has died from the plague yet. The brass is saying that we are safe here on the island because all air traffic was diverted as soon as we found out about the plague.”
He laughed and pulled out a flask, taking a pull before offering it to Tim. “The problem now is that we are monitoring higher than usual radiation levels, fallout from China.” Tim took the flask and drank, then set it on the table. “Take one of those radiation dosimeters,” he said, pointing at the other table, “and make sure you and your men are taking their potassium iodate. If the radiation gets too high, we may have to evacuate, but for now we are to keep law and order in the city.”
Tim’s anger flared. “Begging your pardon LT, but just where the hell are we going to go?” He waved his hand across the map on the table. “The world is fucked. There is no place to go. If we leave we get the plague and die. If we stay we get radiation sickness and die. We are totally screwed!”
Bill jumped to his feet, knocking over the little table. “That will be enough of that shit Tim! I need you to pull it together.”
Tim looked over at the lieutenant and noticed that his hand was trembling. “Bill, this whole thing sucks hind tit! Everything is falling apart.” Then he got control of himself and came to attention. “But I will play Marine and do my job as a favor to you.”
“Good,” Bill said as he righted the table. “Now carry out your orders.”
Tim snapped quick salute. “Aye, aye, sir!” He turned and left the tent shaking his head. When he got outside he lit a smoke and spat, “Can it get any worse?”
When he got back to the CP, Hines was waiting for him. Tim got out of the Hummer and walked over to him.
“Sergeant Morden was just here looking for you,” Hines told him.
“What did he want?” Tim asked.
“He has some news for you. He said to come over to his CP.” Hines pointed in the direction of the other CP. Tim got back in his Hummer and five minutes later he was outside Third Platoon’s CP. Morden was there talking to his squad leaders. Tim got out of his Hummer and walked over to him. “What do you have for me?”
“Not here, bro, come inside,” Morden said looking from side to side.
They entered the CP and Morden told his gunner to leave. When they were alone Morden pulled out a small digital recorder.
“Bro, I recorded this over at the Communications Center. Listen.” He pushed a small button and a voice with a thick accent began speaking in English.
“The world has allowed these Muslims Terrorists to do as they please for far too long. Now Israel, the Chosen Children of God, will become His mighty and just hammer. We will smite the wicked with Holy Fire, forever cleansing the world of them.”
Morden pushed the button again as Tim looked over at him. “What the fuck does this mean?”
Morden set the recorder down on the table. “Shortly after this broadcast, SATCOM reported massive missile launches from Israel. The impacts were in every major Middle Eastern city. The Israelis just nuked every Muslim country they could.”
“Well good for them,” Tim said smiling. “The rag heads had it coming and Israel is the only country that had the balls to actually do it.”
“I thought you might want to know, bro,” Morden said sitting down.
“Thanks, brother. I will wait for the official notification before I tell my men.” Tim turned to leave but Morden grabbed his arm. “Bro, this is the end of the world. You know that don’t you?”
“Perhaps,” Tim told him, then he grinned. “But I am not going down without a fight. See you later, brother.”
Morden let go and Tim got back in his Hummer and told his driver to take him back to the HQ bunker.
***
Asa and her mother walked the half mile to the shelter and got in line. There were already more than one hundred people there. They registered and entered the concrete opening that led down into the shelter. Asa helped her mother and together they found their bunk numbers and settled in for the night. Just before lights out, one of the shelter wardens came by to check on them and give them an update.
“How are you two doing?” the man asked them.
“We are fine,” Azami told him. “Is there anything new to report?”
The man nodded. “Yes, but I am afraid that it is more bad news. The Israelis have destroyed the Middle East. Their prime minister stated it was punishment for releasing the plague.”
Azami nodded then bowed to the man. “Thank you for the news.”
The man bowed and walked away as Asa rolled over and began to weep. “Mother, it is the end of the world.”
Azami just put her arm around her and pulled her close and slowly rocked her to sleep.
***
Tim arrived and found Peirce standing outside eating an MRE. He got out of his Hummer and walked over to him.
“Have you heard anything new LT?” Tim asked him.
“No, should I have?” Bill said looking up from his meal.
“Yes, I just spoke to a friend of mine. The Middle East is gone,” Tim told him.
Bill stopped eating and looked at him. “What happened?”
“Israel happened.” Tim said, absently picking through the box of MREs next to the LT. “Guess they had enough of the Muslim’s shit. I thought you should know, Bill.”
“Thanks Tim, get something to eat and then get some sleep. I have a feeling I am going to need you tomorrow.” Tim nodded and picked out a meal. Then he stood and got back in his Hummer and went back to the Platoon CP.
***
Jiro came in for dinner and sat down. “What do you say we go to bed early tonight?”
Yui looked over at him. “What do you have in mind old man?”
Jiro had a big smile. “I want to hold my woman in my arms. Is that a crime?”
Yui smiled and put down her towel. She reached up, undid her hair and walked to the bedroom. Jiro got up and followed her. They laid there holding each other and talking of when they met. Yui had to keep correcting Jiro on the finer details, but he did not mind, he loved her and was content to just stay there the rest of the day. Finally, as night fell they got up and ate some dinner.
Then they went back out on the porch and enjoyed the evening breeze that was blowing. Jiro pulled out a bottle of sake that he had been saving for a special occasion. They sat there, drank the whole bottle and then went back to bed.


Chapter 4
It was around midnight when Tim was awoken by another runner.
He stood at attention and gave his report. “Lieutenant Peirce says to tell you that the plague has been reported in Europe, Asia and Africa.”
Tim tried to shake off the sleep. “Did he want me to come over to the HQ bunker?”
The runner relaxed. “No, Sergeant, he just wanted you to know. He said to tell you to try and get one last good night of sleep as it was going to get busy real soon.”
“Dismissed, and tell him thanks,” Tim said as he rolled back over. He laid there thinking. So this is how it all ends. We finally managed to kill ourselves. Eventually he was able to get back to a fitful sleep and stayed that way till sunrise.
In the morning, the official word was released about the Middle East and later that afternoon reports came in with death tolls from various countries around the world. Europe had more than fifteen million dead in the first twelve hours, Africa had over thirty million, and Asia over three hundred million.
***
Asa and Azami got up and stood in line for their morning food ration. The old woman serving the food smiled at Asa and gave her an extra helping of rice, smiling at her. “Did you hear the news this morning?”
Asa shook her head.
The lady leaned closer. “They say the sickness is now in Europe and Asia.”
Asa looked up at her. “Are they sure? Is it the same sickness?”
“I believe so,” the lady said knowingly. “They say thousands have died.”
Asa bowed and thanked the lady, and then went back to her bunk. When she arrived she passed the news on to Azami. “Do you think it will come here, Mother?”
“Who’s to say?” Azami mused. “But Okinawa is an island. We are isolated here.”
Asa was content with her mother’s answers and began to eat. They passed the rest of the morning talking and playing cards. That evening after diner rations were handed out, Asa was listening to her music when the news came. The plague had indeed jumped to Europe, Africa and Asia. Reports surmised that it had been carried there by commercial airline, but no one was sure, and now the death toll was in the millions and the plague was spreading like wild fire.
***
Tim sat there eating his dinner and wondering how long it would take for the plague to jump to Okinawa. They already had reports that Japan was being hit hard with more than eight million dead in the first day. They had still not heard anything from Russia, China or CONUS for over twenty four hours.
The world was going to hell in a hand basket and Tim was sitting there trying to make sense of it. But as hard as he tried, he couldn’t. What had possessed the Muslims to release such a virus? They had to know that it would kill everyone, even them. They could not have been that stupid.
Maybe it was just our time, Tim mused. The dinosaurs had their time and now we have come to the end of our time. Was it that simple? Or had we just became so smug and sure of ourselves that we could not see this coming? Nuclear and biological warfare; it was always said they would be the death of us. Now that was being proved true.
Tim glanced at his dosimeter. It was reading just over five rads an hour, still within safe range. He pulled out a pill from his pocket and took it. The rads will get worse, he thought. Soon the will have to evacuate us. But to where? If they left the island they were dead.
Tim finished his meal and then went to check on his men. They were okay for now and that was at least something. He returned to the CP and went straight to bed. It was around two in the morning when Hines woke him.
“Sergeant, get up,” Hines said shaking him.
Tim woke and sat up. “What’s happened?”
“I’m not sure, but we can see fires up north and east of our position,” Hines told him.
Tim pulled on his boots and coat and then grabbed his shotgun. “I’m going over HQ and see what’s going on.”
When he arrived, he got is answer. A ferry from mainland Japan had crashed onto a beach near Oku filled with refugees trying desperately to escape the plague. But it had been for naught, they had just brought the plague to Okinawa. Already death had been reported in the north and riots were starting to break out.
Tim returned to the CP and gave Hines the news, “Tell the men to be ready. No one gets through our lines. They have cleared to fire on any and all who try to breach our defenses.”
Hines did not even respond; he just turned and left to spread the news.
Tim sat down and lit a smoke. “We should all be dead by this time tomorrow,” he told himself. “So this is how it ends for us. We will join the rest of the world in death and that will be that.” Then he pulled out his pistol and started to field strip it.
***
When Jiro awoke he found that Yui was very sick. He figured that all the stress of the last few days had worn her down. He got up and made some soup and brought it to her. The rest of the day he spent tending her, trying to make her comfortable. By the afternoon she had gotten worse and had a high fever. He sat behind her and slowly rocked her. He sang her favorite songs softly as he wiped her forehead with a cold cloth.
Late that night she died in his arms. He sat there for over an hour before he could bring himself to lay her down. He kissed her gently and then got up and went out back and started to dig a grave. When he was done, he dressed her in her favorite kimono and then wrapped her in their wedding quilt. He picked her up and carried her out to the garden where he had dug the grave. After laying her in it he covered her.
“Love, this was your favorite place to be, rest here now,” he said with tears in his eyes. Then he sat next to her grave and wept, singing over her grave until the morning came.
***
Asa woke the next morning to find her mother was sick, as were most of the people in the shelter. Asa got scared so she went to the aid station and found a young man standing there. She bowed saying, “My mother is sick, can you help me?”
“Everyone is sick,” the man said dismissively. “They plague has come to Okinawa.”
Asa was horrified—the plague was here! She ran back to her mother and found her crying out for Asa’s father. Azami had a very high fever and was thrashing around. Asa sat next to her and held her hand, wiping the sweat from her forehead. Asa stayed with her all day trying to help her, feeding her soup and talking to her. Later that night around nine, she died. Asa just sat there holding her hand, she could not bring herself to let go.
***
By late afternoon riots had broken out all over the island and Tim’s platoon was hard pressed to deal with them. His platoon was down to half strength now, most were sick and dying.
A runner entered the bunker where he and Hines were manning a machine gun. He stood there and Tim finally looked up at him, “What is it, Private?”
“Lieutenant Peirce is dead; he died thirty minutes ago,” the private told him, wiping his nose. “Most everyone at HQ is sick or dead.”
“Well that is just great! So who’s in charge now?” Tim asked him getting to his feet.
The private shrugged. “You are I think. You’re one of the few one who isn’t sick yet.” Then he added, “Sergeant Morden over at third platoon is asking for you, too.”
“Thanks, you are dismissed. Try and get some sleep.” Tim told him and the runner turned and left. Tim started to leave but instead turned to Hines. “Keep an eye out while I go get the skinny on things.” Then he turned back to the exit and left.
Tim made his way over to Third Platoon’s Command Post. All along the way he passed dead and dying Marines. Some were dead at their posts, vacant eyes watching their assigned area for eternity. Tim continued on and finally made it there fifteen minutes later. When he entered the bunker, he found Morden lying on his cot. He knelt next to him, “What are you doing in the rack, Morden?”
Morden turned to him and coughed, his body covered in sweat from fever, “I’ve got it bro, the plague. You have to do something for me.”
“Name it, brother,” Tim said, trying not to weep.
“Get this to my family.” Shakily he handed him an envelope. Tim took the envelope, not bothering to remind Morden that his family was already gone.
“Consider it done, brother,” Tim said, laying his hand on Morden’s chest.
Morden smiled weakly then the light faded from his eyes and Tim noticed that his chest ceased to rise and fall. Tim slowly moved his hand from Morden’s chest up to his eyes and closed them, “Semper Fi, brother. Save me a post up there.”
Tim sat there a moment and then reached inside Morden’s shirt and pulled out his dog tags. He took one of them and put it on his. “I won’t forget you, brother.” Then he covered Morden with a blanket and left him, not bothering to look back as he left the bunker.
Once outside Tim looked around. “What the fuck am I supposed to do now?” He waited for a minute and not getting any answer he decided to go to the Headquarters CP. When he arrived, he entered the Command Bunker and walked over to where the LT’s body lie in his cot. Tim shook his head, they had just covered him with a poncho and left him, they didn’t even take the body to the morgue.
Tim sat down next to him and pulled back the poncho just enough to reveal the lieutenant’s face. He reached down and picked up Bill’s hand. “Bill, now why did you have to go and die on me? Did I give you permission? What the hell am I supposed to do now?”
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Then he looked down at the lieutenant’s hand and noticed his Annapolis ring. Gently he pulled it off and removed one of the LT’s dog tags and placed them both on his chain next to Morden’s. Then he stood and saluted, “Goodbye, sir. Thanks for being my friend.”
He covered Bill back up and left the tent, heading over to the aid station. When he entered he found the doctor sitting there holding a piece of paper. Tim walked over to him. “Sir, isn’t there anything we can do to stop this?”
The Naval doctor looked up. “No, and it gets worse, Sergeant. Not everyone is dying it seems. Some come out of the fever and are quite literally insane. They start to attack anyone they see.” He thrust the paper he was holding at Tim who read the message aloud, “There had been several incidents were Marines had come out of their fever only to kill the Corpsman treating them. Use extreme caution with personnel who do not die within twelve hours.”
He looked back to the doctor. “Good luck, sir.”
The doctor stood and extended his hand. “You too Sergeant.”
Tim smiled. “Thanks, and it’s Tim. I think we can dispense with the rank at this point.” The doctor smiled and sat down as Tim turned and walked out of the tent and headed back to his bunker. When he got there he walked over and sat down across from Hines. “I have great news. It seems we have a new problem.”
“What’s that, Sergeant?” Hines asked him.
Tim removed his helmet and dropped it on the ground next to him. “It seems that the plague doesn’t kill everyone who gets it. Some just go insane and start to attack everyone in sight. A corporal in Charlie Company killed a corpsman and six Marines before they took him out.”
Hines did not respond. He just looked out over the street. Finally Hines half-heartedly said. “I killed some more dogs.”
Tim got up and crossed over to where Hines was and stood next to him. He offered him a cigarette and after lighting it said, “It’s Gary, right?” Hines nodded. “We are going to make it Gary, you’ll see.”
Tim was cut short as Hines threw his smoke down and assumed his firing position pulling the bolt of the fifty caliber machine gun back. Tim leaned in close to the Hines. “What do you see?”
Hines pulled the charging handle back a second time completing the cycle on the machine gun. “There’s a large group of men coming this way, get ready.”
The “crazies” as they would come to be known, attacked without regard to their own personnel safety, tearing at their victim’s flesh and sometimes even eating them. Now, a large group of them was headed at them as Hines began to fire. Between flashes of the machine gun muzzle blasts, Tim could see them dropping.
Too late Tim realized it wasn’t the only group as a second wave fell on them from their flank. They broke the perimeter set up by what was left of Tim’s men and before he knew it one of the crazies had entered the bunker and was on top of him, hissing and drooling, trying to claw and bite him.
Tim’s shotgun was pinned between him and his attacker so he struggled trying to draw his pistol. With a yell, he yanked it free and emptied the clip into the man and the body fell back from Tim as he regained his feet just long enough to feel the impact of a something hard on the back of his head. All was black.
***
Asa sat there with her mother for hours. Then she heard someone coming up behind her. She turned and saw a man standing on the other side of the bunks staring at her. He had a wild look in his eyes. Suddenly he jumped over the bunks and lunged, trying to grab her. Asa screamed and kicked him square in the balls. He doubled over but quickly recovered taking a swing at her.
Asa kicked him again, this time in the face and as his head snapped back she ran. She headed towards the entrance of the shelter and as she was running she passed a mop bucket and stopped. She grabbed the mop and placed the head on the floor then kicked it hard, breaking the handle right at the point where it connected to the mop head.
She turned just in time to see her attacker coming at her. She raised the handle up in a classic Kobud? stance, but her attacker never even slowed. She brought her makeshift kon up and struck him in the throat, then came around and struck him on the side of the neck. She heard a dull snap and the man dropped like a rock.
She stood there for a minute, hardly believing it had all just happened. She never thought that the years of lessons her father had given her would ever be used. Now she was grateful that he had taken the time to teach her to use a staff.
She made her way back to where he mother lay and knelt down next to her. She kissed her gently on the forehead and then she stood and bowed, saying goodbye. She went back to the medic station and found the man she had spoken to earlier. He had his head lying on the desk.
She bowed and said, “Excuse me sir, my mother has died.”
The man did not respond so Asa gently shook his shoulder. The man slowly slid to the side and dropped to the floor. Asa jumped back and screamed, his lifeless eyes stared up at her. She backed away from him and tripped over another body lying on the floor. Again she screamed and cried out for help, but no one answered. With sudden realization she understood that she was the only one left alive in the shelter.
She made her way back to her mother and got their suitcase. She removed the clothes and food then got her IPOD and packed all of it in a small bag she had found. When she was ready she picked up her improvised kon and headed for the stairs.
As she reached the top stair she looked around in the early morning light, nothing was moving. Asa had never felt so alone. She looked left then right. “Which way do I go?” Then she remembered her father was at the base; perhaps he was still alive. She started to walk to the base, determined to find out.
***
When the sun rose the next morning Jiro got up and walked into the house. He went to turn on the radio but then remembered he had smashed it. He sat at the table thinking of what to do. Finally he decided to see if his neighbors were still home. He walked to his neighbor’s house but they were gone. On the table he saw a radio so he turned it on but there was only static. He decided to go to town.
He met no one on the way but figured they were all in the shelter. When he arrived he found the town deserted. He entered the hardware store and called for Akio, but there was no response. He went behind the counter to the back room and found it was empty. Jiro left the store and stood on the small porch. “What do I do now?”
Then he remembered the shelter and he decided to head there. It was a long walk and he arrived late in the afternoon. As he walked, he saw nothing moving and heard only the sound of the running water and the wind in the trees. He walked up to the shelter entrance and looked down into the blackness.
He called out, “Hoi! Is anyone there?”
There was no response so he slowly entered the shelter and half way down the stairs he stumbled over something. He looked down he saw that he had stepped on someone’s hand. Jiro tried to see who it was. “Sorry about that, I didn’t see you.”
He looked closer and saw that the hand belonged to his friend Akio.
“Akio, what’s going on? Where is everyone?” he asked.
Akio didn’t respond so Jiro nudged him with his foot. Jiro suddenly realized that his friend was dead. He continued down the stairs and found was more of the same. Dead bodies were everywhere. He finally stopped at the bottom of the stairs, a mass of bodies blocked his way. Everyone was dead it seemed.
He hurried back up the stairs and into the dying light. He walked over to a bench and sat down. He watched the sunset and tried to think of what to do next. Finally he stood, and taking a last look around, started back to his house.
“I will figure out what to do in the morning,” he told himself.
The walk back to his house took much longer in the dark. He arrived just after midnight and went straight to bed. In the morning he awoke and made himself a light breakfast. Then he went out to his wife’s grave and sat down. He stared out over his fields.
“Yui, everyone is dead and I am alone. The plague must have somehow made it here. I am going to try and find out if anyone else is alive so I have decided to try and go to the American Air Base.” He rose and bowed to his wife and then walked to the shed.
There he found a cart that he brought over to the house. Then he went inside and gathered some clothes, food and other supplies and loaded them onto the cart. He went back in the house and took one last look around. As he was leaving he grabbed a picture of Yui that was on the table. “Let’s go my love. We have a long journey ahead of us.”
Jiro checked the load on the cart and looked around. He had lived here his whole life; now he was leaving. He did not know what the future held, but he grabbed the handles of the cart and started down the road to meet it.


Chapter 5
Tim awoke to find he was still in the machine gun bunker. He tried to sit up but fell back down. His head was pounding like it was going to explode. Reaching up he gently touched his head and found that someone had bandaged it, and then he remembered the attack. After a few moments he slowly he tried to sit back up and this time he managed it. He looked around and saw Corporal Hines still manning his machine gun. “What’s the word, Hines?”
Hines did not respond so Tim slowly stood and staggered over to him.
“Corporal Hines, give me a SitRep,” Tim demanded.
Again Hines did not respond and Tim assumed he was asleep so he nudged him on the shoulder. Hines slowly slid over and fell. He had died at his post from the plague. Tim sat down next to Hines and shook his head. “Great, just what I needed.”
He reached into Hines’ jacket and removed one of his dog tags, then put it on his. He dropped his tags back in his shirt and leaned back. He pulled out his smokes and lit one. Inhaling deeply he looked around and in the morning light could see nothing moving. He looked back to where Hines was lying.
“Well isn’t this just peachy?” Tim asked bemused. “Everyone is dead except me. What did I do to deserve this honor?”
He finished his smoke and got up. Reaching down he picked his shotgun up and checked it, it was still fully loaded. He looked around for his pistol and found it on the table. He picked it up and checking it found the magazine was empty. He slid in a new clip then holstered it and started towards the bunker exit. Tim nearly lost his balance and after a few minutes he steadied himself and tried again. He exited the bunker and stood there taking in the scene. The sun was up and there was only the slightest breeze, and it was dead quiet. Tim scanned the area, the dead were everywhere, nothing moved.
Tim took in a deep breath. “I want all squad leaders up front! Corporal Higgins! Corporal Jackson!”
He waited but no one answered, no one came running. He looked around and saw Jackson lying by one of the two-man fighting holes. He walked over and looked down at him. Jackson was staring up at the sky, his lifeless eyes reflecting the clouds above. Tim knelt and closed Jackson’s eyes. Then he removed the four grenades from his web gear. He started to stand, then as an afterthought he took all of Jackson’s pistol ammo.
He headed down the street towards the Command bunker. Everywhere he looked he saw nothing but death, some from the plague, some from combat, but nothing stirred. When he arrived at the bunker he saw a dog. Tim smiled and called out to it. “Hey there pooch, what you doing?” The dog turned and Tim could see blood on the dogs face; it had been eating one of the dead Marines. Tim raised his shotgun and fired; the dog dropped where it stood.
Tim shook his head and then entered the bunker and walked over to the radio. He switched it on and listened for a moment but heard nothing. He looked around and then walked over to where the LT’s pack was sitting. He bent over, picked it up and dumped it on the table.
Then he took some MREs off the table and put them in it. He grabbed some extra ammo, the lieutenant’s side arm and an M16 that was leaning on the table. He looked around and found some extra magazines for the rifle and stuffed them in the pack as well. He looked over at the LT lying on his cot where he had left him.
“Sorry, Bill. I wish things had turned out different, but life’s a bitch sometimes.”
He slung the M16, and picking up the pack, he left the bunker. Outside he looked around. Where to go he thought. Finally he decided on the aid station; he would need medical supplies.
The walk to the aid station took him past Morden’s CP and he paused for a moment trying to decide if he should go in. Finally he decided against it and he continued on to the aid station. Tim was a hardened veteran, but he gasped as he surveyed the area. It was a scene right out of a horror picture with hundreds of bodies lay everywhere. Tim regained his composure and opened the tent flap and the smell almost gagged him. He paused and after a moment he entered.
He located the medic’s aid bag on the table and was grabbing it when he heard something and froze. Slowly he scanned the scene and then he saw him— a man hunched over one of the bodies in the back of the tent. He looked closer and saw the he was gnawing on the arm.
Tim dropped his bag and brought his shotgun up to fire. The man heard him and sprang up. Tim was surprised at his sudden movement as the man sprinted toward him at an alarming rate. Tim had just enough time raise his shotgun and squeeze off a one shot. It hit the man in his right arm and spun him around, but with his left arm the man struck him full on in the side of the head. Tim’s head rang as he started to lose consciousness.
With his vision beginning to blur he brought the shotgun around. He managed to jack another round in the chamber and pulled the trigger. Tim dropped his shotgun and fell to his knees. Waves of nausea fell over him as he fought to keep from passing out. Frantically he looked around for his attacker.
He finally found the man face up, his unblinking eyes staring past Tim. A small pool of blood was forming around his sides. Tim crawled over and took a closer look at him and then realized it was the Navy captain that he had spoken to earlier.
“Damn. That was close.” Tim chided himself, “I have to be more alert in the future.”
He slowly crawled over and pulled himself onto a cot. He looked at the table next to it and found a chemical cold pack. Grabbing it he crushed it, activating the pack, and then he put it on the back of his head. The cold felt good as he laid back and rested there for over thirty minutes.
When the cold had finally faded, Tim stood and checked his balance, he no longer felt dizzy but his head felt like a bad hangover. He discarded the pack and walked to the back of the tent looking for the medicine cabinet.
On a desk in the back of the aid station he found it. He rummaged through the meds and took the morphine, hydrocodone, and several other pain killers. Then as an afterthought he grabbed all the antibiotics he could find that he had ever been given. He opened the hydrocodone and took one, and then he stuffed the rest of the medication into his pack.
As he was closing the pack he thought he heard a something. He stopped moving and listened, then he heard it again, a faint noise outside the tent. He dropped to a crouch and looked to the tent exit bringing his shotgun into firing position. The noise was getting louder, a creaking, squeaking kind of noise. Cautiously he made his way to the opening of the tent and looked out.
There coming down the middle of the road was an old Japanese man. He was pushing a cart loaded with stuff. Tim watched, almost in disbelief, as the old man made his way closer to him. Slowly the man weaved his way through the dead and when he was only about twenty yards away, Tim stepped out, “Stop right there old man!”
Jiro was startled by the sudden appearance of the young Marine. His English was not the best, but Tim’s shotgun told him all he needed to know. “Sorry, my English no so good, you can help please?”
Tim eyed the old man for a few seconds and realizing he was not a threat, slowly lowered his weapon and looked around. “Are you alone old man?”
Jiro looked at the Marine for a second and then realized he was looking around for someone else. “There is only me.”
Tim walked over and looked down at the cart. “You got any weapons?”
Jiro just stared at him. Tim looked at him. “Weapons?” Tim repeated holding up his shotgun and shaking it. Jiro, finally understanding, shook his head.
“Iie. I mean, no,” Jiro told him.
Tim backed away and re-entered the aid station. When he returned he was holding his pack and the Medic Kit. Then he walked to where Jiro was standing and put his gear on the cart. “Well it looks like we’re the only ones left around here old man.”
Jiro felt the tension ease as Tim pulled out a cigarette and lit it. Jiro smiled and nodded. “Where do we go now, old man?”
Jiro looked up the street. “Maybe we go airplane base?” Jiro motioned towards Kadena Air Base.
Tim looked down the road. “That’s a good of a place as any, old man.” Tim threw down his smoke and started to walk ahead of Jiro, scanning the area as they went. By noon they had reached the main gates of the Air Base, only to find it clogged with cars and the dead. Tim surveyed the area and found evidence of a huge firefight with several airman dead in their bunkers. He was looking at one of them when he saw bite wounds.
“Shit, crazies!” Tim brought his shotgun up and looked from side to side. Jiro did not know what to think.
“What wrong, Sergeant?” Jiro asked him.
“Crazies! Or dogs. Either way it’s trouble!” Tim told him over his shoulder.
“Crazies?” repeated Jiro holding up his hands and shaking his head.
Tim didn’t look back at him, but motioned for Jiro to follow. Jiro did so and slowly they made their way onto the base with Tim in the lead. After they had gone about a mile and a half they heard the first gun fire, a single shot followed by silence. Jiro and Tim immediately dropped down and looked in the direction of the report. It was coming from the runway.
Cautiously they made their way closer to the runway, keeping under cover as they went. When they got close, Tim risked a glance around the corner. What he saw made him question his sanity. He pulled back and turned to Jiro. “Old man, look around the corner and tell me what you see.”
Jiro moved over to the corner and looked around it then he glanced over at Tim. “Man sitting on chair?”
Tim nodded. “I thought so, just checking.” Tim looked again and in the middle of the runway was a man. He was sitting on a lounge chair under an umbrella, all around him there were bodies lying in various positions, all of them had been shot. What was truly bizarre was the way he was dressed. He was wearing a Hawaiian shirt, Bermuda shorts and flip flops, and to top off it all off, he had on a pair of wayfarer sunglasses and a wide brimmed, straw hat.
Tim’s attention was drawn away from the man as he saw a movement from the other side of the runway. He looked and saw a man come out of one of the hangers and run straight at the man sitting on the runway. The man calmly sat his beer down and grabbed his rifle. He stood and took aim nonchalantly, and after a short pause he pulled the trigger. A shot rang out and the crazy collapsed like a rag doll. The man surveyed his work and then set his rifle down. Then he sat back down and picked his beer up. It was so bizarre that Tim just stood up and stared. Finally he stepped out from around the corner. “Are you having fun?”
The man in the chair spit up his beer and fell backwards. Then he scrambled to his feet grabbing for his rifle. Tim stifled back a laugh. “Well, are you going to shoot me or offer me a beer?”
The man stared at Tim and for a good minute, and then lowered his rifle and yelled. “All I got it warm beer, but you’re welcome to one.”
Tim called back to Jiro and the two of them made their way across to the middle of the runway until they were face to face with the man. Tim looked the man over, he was lean and muscular and about Tim’s height. He had sandy blond hair and was very tan, he was also grinning from ear to ear. “Guess you aren’t one of them.” The man motioned to the dead bodies on the runway.
“You mean those crazies? No.” Tim paused then cocked his head and asked, “Who the hell are you?”
The man, who appeared to be in is early thirties, snapped to mock attention and gave a silly salute. “Captain John Cutter, USAF. How do you like my air base?” He was grinning again and Tim couldn’t help but smile too.
“Very nice,” Tim said looking around. “But your staff leaves something to be desired.”
This time it was Tim who motioned to the bodies on the runway. John broke into hysterics. “That’s a good one! What’s your name, Jarhead?”
Tim gave him sideways glance. “Well I am Sergeant Tim Hartmann, and only my friends get to call me Jarhead. This is…” He paused for a second, “Well hell, I never got his name.”
He turned to Jiro and pointing to his chest. Slowly he said, “Tim.” then pointed at Jiro.
Jiro stared for a second then nodded in understanding, “I Jiro, Jiro Kinjo.”
The three men shook hands and then sat down as John handed both of them a beer. “No offense meant by the Jarhead crack.”
“None taken, Flyboy,” Tim said absently, then he asked, “So what are you doing here?”
John leaned back in his chair. “Well I am just chilling out, catching some rays and working on my tan.”
Tim shook his head. “Very funny, what are you doing on Okinawa?”
John looked over at him. “Well I came from the mainland to evacuate you guys. But when I arrived there is no one left to Evac.”
“How long have you been here?” Tim asked.
“I got here last night.” John explained. “When no one replied to my radio calls I just landed. Now I have no fuel and no crew. Kind of stuck here if you know what I mean.” He took a drink from his beer and looked over at Tim. “What’s brought you here?”
Tim pulled out a smoke and lit it. “My unit was pulling base defense on the north gate of Camp Shields. I woke this morning to find everyone dead.”
“So what’s the story with the Jap?” John asked motioning to Jiro.
“Don’t know.” Tim said looked over at Jiro. “Found him walking down the street. Guess he’s sort of a stray.”
Tim turned to Jiro. “What’s your story Jiro?”
“Wife die, whole town die. I look for others who not dead. Find you.” Jiro explained shrugging his shoulders.
“Well here we are, The Three Amigos,” John said with a smile.
They sat there the rest of the afternoon talking and drinking. Once in a while they shot the odd crazy that happened along. When the sun started going down, John stood up. “Time for dinner boys, follow me.”
They followed John to the cargo plane that was parked the end of the runway. When John got there, he walked up the loading ramp and then turned. “Well hurry up, gentlemen, I haven’t got all day.”
He was smiling again and Tim just shook his head. “Just my luck to find the only officer left and he turns out to be a comedian.”
John just bowed and then pushed a button and the ramp began to close. Tim looked around the inside the plane. There was a cot, a makeshift table, and several boxes of MRE’s. John walked over and started to pick through one of the boxes, “Chicken with Thai sauce too spicy, beef patty disgusting, Country Captain Chicken. Well now, that seems right up my alley.” Then he looked over that his two guests. “Well dig in men, the cook is out sick today.”
Jiro and Tim walked over and looked in the box. Tim just grabbed one and sat down; Marines were never that picky. Jiro, on the other hand, had never seen a MRE. He picked one up and glanced over at the others.
Tim had already ripped his open and was looking over the contents. Jiro carefully opened his and looked at the boxes and packets. Looking over at Tim, he saw him open his main course, grab his spoon he dug in and start to eat. Jiro picked up the main course and opened the box. He tore open the plastic bag and sniffed the contents, then took the spoon out of its bag and took a bite.
It was chicken with Thai sauce. Jiro looked over at Tim and smiled. “Very good Tim-san.”
“If you say so, old man,” Tim replied. “MREs all taste like shit to me.”
Jiro stared at Tim and his smile faded for a second. Then he smiled again and nodded. After they had eaten John pulled out three more beers and they all sat down together. Tim looked over at John. “So what happened over on the mainland?”
“Well I was stationed near Tokyo, but when we nuked China I was put on standby to come here and help evacuate you guys.” John took a drink and continued, “We sat on the runway waiting for orders to take off. Half my crew was already sick and after we sat there for over seven hours some of them started to die. Hell my crew chief died right here on this cot.” John told them patting the cot he sat on. “The rest of my crew panicked and left but my co-pilot was too scared to leave.”
He paused and sipped on his beer.
“That night I saw all these people coming toward my plane, they were screaming and yelling, ‘Get me out of here! Take us with you!’ I got scared and closed my plane up tight. When they started to bang on the plane my co-pilot and I fired up the engines and took off. I figured that Okinawa was remote enough to be safe, so I headed here. When I got in range, I called the tower but got no response. So I landed anyway and found what you see here, everyone was dead or crazy.” John finished his beer and continued, “Later that day my co-pilot got sick, I brought him down here and tried to make him comfortable, but he died later that night. I had no way to leave and this place is as good as any.”
Tim looked at John and said, “Here is not a good place to be.” He pulled out his dosimeter and checked it, “The radiation is climbing. If we stay here, we die.”
He put the meter away and pulled out a bottle of pills, “We all need to take these as long as we are here.” He handed some to John and Jiro. John swallowed one and washed it down with a fresh beer. Then he looked at Tim. “If we can figure out how to refuel this baby, I can get us the hell out of here.”
“Don’t you know the Marine credo? Improvise, adapt, and overcome. We’ll get started in the morning,” Tim told him with a smile.
John smiled back at him and opened two more beers and handed them to Jiro and Tim. It was going to be a good night for a change.


Chapter 6
Asa made her way slowly towards the Air Base. As she walked under the afternoon sun she paid little attention to the scene around her. When a dog appeared in front of her she didn’t think too much about it. She tried to skirt around it but the dog marked her every move. When the second dog appeared and Asa started to get worried. She dropped her bag and brought up her kon, waiting to see what the dogs would do.
They stood there staring at each other when Asa heard something behind her. She spun around just in time to see a third dog jumping at her. She brought her kon up and caught it square in the chest. The dog impaled itself on the broken end of the mop handle and Asa had to jerk it free from the lifeless dog as she spun back around. The other two dogs were closing on her as she stepped back.
Finally they charged and Asa side-stepped bringing the kon down hard on one dog’s head. It yelped and the other dog halted. She spun around and hit the dog again, this time across the neck at the base of the skull. The dog dropped and did not move again. The last dog was pacing back and forth, eyeing Asa. Finally it turned and trotted away and Asa breathed a sigh of relief as she backed away towards the base again.
Asa was more alert now. She surveyed the area as she went and kept to the center of the street. She traveled quickly and arrived around two o’clock in the afternoon at the north gate of Kadena Air Base. She walked along the road until she came to the office buildings where he father worked as a civilian contractor for the US military.
When she got inside she found bodies everywhere. Some were lying on cots, some slumped over desks, and some on the floors. She gasped, not knowing if she could handle it. The bodies were already starting to decompose in the summer heat.
She made her way to the office where she always met her father and found him there. He was sitting at his desk, slumped over to the side with a note pinned to his chest. Asa walked over and picked it up.
“I don’t know if anyone will read this, but if you do, please try to find my wife and daughter, they live in Yomitan village. Their names are Azami and Asa. Tell them that I love them and I am sorry I was not there at the end.”
Asa stroked her father’s hand. “It is okay Tochan. I am fine, I love you.”
She wiped the tears that were streaming from her face as she stood there for a minute saying a silent prayer for her father. As she turned to leave, she noticed he was holding a picture in his hand. She pulled it free and looked at it and found it was a picture of her when she was six. In it her dad was holding her up in the air. Asa took the photo and wrapped it in the note, then stuffed both of them in her pocket. Finally she turned to go; there was nothing left to do.
As she left the building she heard gunfire and quickly ducked back into the doorway. She waited and then summoned the courage to look out. She scanned the area but could see nothing. Slowly she edged out, and keeping to the shadows, moved in the direction of the gunfire.
When she finally got close to where she thought the sounds had come from, she was at the east end of the base runway. She hid behind some crates that were stacked there and looked around cautiously. There in the middle of the runway three men were talking. She froze, not wanting them to see her, as she remembered the man in the shelter that had attacked her.
Asa crept back behind the boxes and tried to get closer, always keeping to the shadows or staying behind cover. As she made her way closer twice more times shots rang out. Once Asa had seen what they were shooting. It was a man, hissing and screaming, running at the three in the middle of the runway. One of the men stood and shot him. She noticed there were about a dozen other dead men lying around the three in the middle.
“Why are they killing them?” Asa asked herself.
She had almost made up her mind to leave at that point, but decided to wait till dark. As evening approached, the men got up and walked to a plane at the end of the runway. Asa decided to follow and try to get closer and see if she could find out more about the men. They entered the aircraft and closed the huge door on the back; they were sealed up inside. She made her way closer and went to the small door on the side. It was open and she could hear them talking inside.
Her English was very good, something she prided herself on, and she listened intently as they talked. When she was satisfied that they were not bad men she decided to let herself be known. “Excuse me, can I come in?”
Tim and John both jumped up and grabbed their weapons, Jiro just stepped back.
“Sorry, I did not mean to frighten you,” Asa told them.
“Step back from the door so we can see you better,” Tim ordered her.
Asa obeyed and the John walked over to the door. “It’s a girl.” He looked around to see if anyone was with her.
“Is she alone?” Tim asked.
“Yes, it looks that way,” John told him.
Tim came over and stood next to John. “Well, help her up then and get her inside.”
Asa tossed up her bag and kon and then Tim and John both grabbed one of the girl’s arms and hoisted her aboard. Asa stood there looking at the men. “I hope this is a good idea. I saw you killing those men earlier.”
“Those crazies?” Tim asked. “You don’t have to concern yourself about that.”
Asa looked puzzled. “Crazies?”
Tim explained, “Towards the end we discovered that some people who got the plague didn’t die, they just went nuts, you know, “crazy”. They attack anyone they see.”
“Oh, that explains why the man in the shelter attacked me,” Asa told them.
John and Tim both looked at Asa. “You were attacked? What happened?”
“I am afraid I killed him with my kon.” She pointed at the staff by her. John and Tim both laughed and looked at Asa in a new light.
Tim went over to Asa and took her hand. “Don’t worry about that little girl, you did well.”
Asa’s pulled her hand away and indignantly replied, “I am not a little girl, I’m eighteen.”
Tim laughed, “Well excuse me Ma’am, I didn’t realize.”
Asa blushed, “I guess that didn’t come out the way I wanted it to. Who are you gentlemen?”
Tim sat, “I am Tim and this is John. That man over there is Jiro.”
Asa waved at John and then bowed to Jiro, speaking a greeting in Japanese. Jiro replied in kind and walked over to her. He picked the staff up and examined it and again he spoke Japanese to her.
Tim asked her what he said and Asa translated for him. “He asked if I know Kobud?, how to use the staff. I told him my father taught me.”
“That is a skill that will come in handy,” Tim said.
Asa blushed as she accepted the kon back from Jiro who turned to Tim. “We must find her proper kon, Tim-san.”
“That can wait,” Tim said. “First we have to get this plane ready to fly if we can. Then we will get some supplies and weapons.”
They gave Asa an MRE and they went back to their beers. They had offered Asa one, but she declined. After it got dark they settled in for the night and the John sealed the side door locking them all in the plane for the night.
“We will be safe enough from the crazies in here for the night,” John said. “Get some sleep.”
Then he sat down on his cot. Asa curled up near Jiro, as Tim walked over and sat next to John. “Tomorrow we can walk over to the fuel depot and get a tanker over here,” John explained. “Then together we can figure out how to fuel this baby.”
Tim nodded. “Sounds like a plan. We also need to get some supplies.”
“That shouldn’t be too much of a problem,” John said. “There is a supply warehouse just off the runway.”
John looked over at Asa and Jiro. “Should we look for more survivors?”
“We don’t have the time,” Tim said flatly. “With the radiation levels rising, we need to get out of here.”
“Where should we go?” John asked.
Tim shrugged. “I don’t really know. I do know that Russia, China and the Middle East are fucked.”
John nodded then asked. “What about Europe? We could try to fly to France or Spain.”
“Can we really fly that far in this?” Tim asked.
John smiled. “Sure. We can fly to Tokyo tomorrow, refuel then on to Korea and just hop from air base to air base.”
“That sounds great,” Tim agreed. “Let’s get this thing fueled first thing in the morning and get the hell out of here.” Tim stood walked over by the back hatch, lied down and went to sleep.
***
They woke with the sunrise. It was D plus seven. Tim was not a very religious man, but significance of it struck him. When John walked over he told him. “You know God created the world in seven days; we managed to destroy it in the same time.”
“The world is not destroyed Tim,” John disagreed. “It’s just fucked up. We will have to rebuild things.”
Asa stood and stretched and walked over to where John and Tim were standing. “He’s right, we will begin again. But why not stay here?”
Tim looked at her. “Did you hear about the nuclear attack on China?”
Asa nodded that she had.
Tim continued, “Well the radiation is drifting this way. Soon it will be so bad that every living thing here will die. We have to be gone as soon as we can.”
“Where will we go?” Asa asked.
“Tim and I spoke about that last night,” John told her. “We feel our best hope is Europe.”
Asa’s eyes widened. “Europe?” She had never been there or even dreamed of going. “How will we get there?”
“Well welcome to Air Cutter,” John said making a crude bow. “Will Madam be wanting to fly coach or first class?”
“Have you spoken to Jiro yet?” Asa asked excitedly.
Tim shook his head. “No, not yet. We are having a bit of a language barrier.”
“I will tell him,” Asa said and she ran over to Jiro and bowed. “Jiro-san, the Americans say it is not safe here. The bombs that were dropped on China are spreading radiation to Okinawa; they say we have to leave.”
Jiro nodded. “Hai, we cannot stay though it pains my heart to leave my home. Where do they want to go?”
Asa could hardly contain herself. “Europe! They say we can fly there!”
“I will go if that is what the group decides,” Jiro told her.
Asa hugged him, then stood and bowed and ran back to Tim and John. “Jiro says he will go with us. What do you need us to do?”
“Tim and I will get the plane ready,” John said. , “Can you and Jiro get some supplies?”
Asa tried her best to stand at attention and made a semblance of a salute. “Yes sir, what are your orders.”
John laughed and said, “I will make you a list and you can get the supplies from the buildings just off the runway.”
Asa nodded and turned to go tell Jiro then John added, “Don’t stray too far, and keep an eye out for crazies.”
John made out a list and gave it to Asa, then turned to Jiro and handed him the Tim’s shotgun. “Ask him if he knows how to use this.”
Asa briefly spoke with Jiro and then Jiro turned to him. “No problem Cutter-san, I look out for girl.” Jiro bowed and then chambered a round in the shotgun.
John opened the back hatch and Asa grabbing her staff and with Jiro by her side set out on their mission. Tim walked up and slapped John on the back. “Well, Flyboy, you ready to head out?”
John nodded and together they walked down the ramp and headed to the fuel depot to see if they could get the plane ready to fly.
Asa and Jiro started towards the closest hanger. It was about two hundred meters from the plane. When they got there Jiro tried to open the door but it was locked. They moved on to the next door but found it was locked too. “This is going to be harder that I thought,” Jiro said. “The least they could have done is left the doors unlocked.”
They moved further down the line and finally came to a hangar that was not locked. In fact, the huge doors that allowed aircraft in were wide open and inside they found a cargo plane. They cautiously entered and looked around as their eyes adjusted to the darkness inside. Asa heard something and froze. Jiro looked over and Asa motioned for him to be quiet and then pointed in the direction of the noise.
It was a large German Sheppard and it was eating one of the dead bodies in the hanger. Suddenly the dog became aware of them and started to growl; then it started to bark. Three more dogs appeared from behind some boxes and Asa started to back away as Jiro came forward with the shotgun. The German Sheppard’s attack was swift, and almost before Jiro could react, the dog and its pack were on them.
Jiro fired and the German Sheppard was knocked back into the closest of the other dogs, it fell motionless on the ground, but the other dogs kept coming. Asa dropped into a defensive stance and braced for the next dog. It leapt at her and Asa side stepped it. Then she brought her staff down hard on the dog’s flank. The dog yelped in pain and spun around quickly facing her and growling.
Asa glanced to see where the other dogs were and saw Jiro standing with the other two dogs facing him. Jiro pulled the trigger and the one dog’s head exploded in a flash of red; the other dog attacked. Jiro tried to chamber another round, but the other dog was too quick. It jumped and bit down hard on Jiro’s arm pulling him off balance.
Asa saw Jiro was in trouble. Using her staff as a pole vault, she covered the distance instantly. The dog that was facing her was caught off guard by her sudden move and hesitated. Asa spun around and struck the dog biting Jiro’s arm squarely on the back. There was a loud crack as the dog’s spine broke, and it immediately let go of Jiro’s arm and fell to the ground whimpering. Slowly it dragged itself away from the fight.
Asa wheeled on the last dog and slowly spun her staff. The dog walked back and forth trying to size her up. There was a loud bang as Jiro shot the last dog in the head, it fell where it stood. Then Jiro walked over to the wounded dog and put it out of its misery. Asa looked at the blood on Jiro’s arm. “You’re hurt, let me look at it.”
Jiro glanced at the wound on his arm. It looked worse than it felt, but would need to be cleaned and dressed. Asa found a first aid kit on the wall of the hangar and brought it to where Jiro stood. She cleaned the wound and then coated it with antibiotic ointment then pulled a large bandage out and dressed the wound.
“That should do for now,” she told him. “We can have Tim look at it when we get back. I know they get training for wounds.”
Jiro tested his arm and was able to move it. “You will make a fine nurse. Let’s get the supplies now.”
He reloaded the shotgun and started to look at the crates in the room. They were filled with food and medical supplies. It seems they were being off loaded from the plane into the hangar. They had finally caught a break, even with the bother of the dogs. They found two large carts and started to load them with food and supplies, and then Jiro looked over at Asa. “We are going to need water.”
“You’re right, Jiro-san. I will see what I can find,” Asa replied.
Asa looked around the area but no water could be found except for drinking fountains. She returned to Jiro who was holding what appeared to be a water bottle. “What is this?”
Asa looked at it, turning it in her hand. “It says Lifesaver on the side of it, where did you get it?”
Jiro pointed over his shoulder. “It was in this crate, there are a many of them.”
Asa looked in the crate and pulled out a small box. Inside was another one of the bottles and an instruction sheet. Asa began to read the paper. “It says this is a water purifying system. You put water in the bottom and pumped it, then drink the water that comes out.”
Jiro grunted in approval. They took several and put them onto the carts. “That should cover it; let’s get back to the plane.”
“Mission accomplished,” Asa said proudly. Then they returned to the plane and waited for the others.
***
Tim and John made it to the fuel depot and were looking over the trucks. They looked straight forward to drive, but the controls on the side to pump the fuel were another thing.
“Well, let’s get this baby over to the plane, we can figure it out there,” John said.
“That sounds like a plan,” Tim agreed. They hopped in and that is when Tim noticed the keys were missing. “Shit, that figures! No keys.”
John opened his door. “Let’s get out and look around, they have to be here somewhere.”
They got out and started a sweep of the area, checking the pockets of all the dead bodies lying close to the truck, and then they looked in the office. Finally in frustration they returned to the truck. Tim spat on the ground. “That’s just great. What are we going to do now?”
John scratched his head and sat down in the truck. His hand rested on a clip board in the middle of the seats and he picked it up and flipped it over. “You’re not going to believe this.”
John held up the clipboard facing Tim, dangling from the clip was a set of keys. Tim smiled and jumped into the truck taking the keys and turning over the engine.
“You’re sure this is the right fuel for your plane?” Tim asked. “I would hate to put jet fuel in that thing.”
John nodded and Tim put the truck in gear and started the drive back to the plane. As they turned the first corner, they heard the first shotgun blast. Tim slammed on the brakes and listened. “Did you hear that?”
“Yes, it sounded like a shotgun to me.” They heard another blast.
“Asa and Jiro, they’re in trouble,” Tim said and he hit the accelerator and raced down the road. When they came to the last corner, they found the truck gate to the fuel compound was closed. Tim started to head right at the gate when John grabbed his arm.
“Are you nuts? This isn’t gas your carrying, it aviation fuel. You hit that gate and we might just blow up.”
Tim hit the brakes hard and came to a stop six feet from the gate. John wiped is forehead. “That was close.”
Tim got out and pushed on the gate, but it didn’t move, then he tried to pull it open, again nothing. He looked over to John and saw he was pointing at the small shack by the gate. Tim walked over and looked in. There was a large red and green button on a panel inside. He pushed the green button and the gate began to move slowly. Pleased with himself, he turned to leave and came face to face with a crazy.
The man grabbed Tim by the arms and leaned forward to bite his neck. Tim fell back and brought his arms up in an attempt to break the man’s hold on him. Instead, he fell in the chair that was in the center of the small shack. His attacker fell on him, hissing and drooling, trying to bite him. Left with limited options, he brought his knee up and kicked the man square in the balls. The man groaned and fell back, holding his groin, but before Tim could get up, his attacker sprang on him again and the chair fell back.
Tim was in a bad spot now, off balance with the man’s full weight on him. He desperately tried to fight off the man’s attacks, flailing wildly to keep the crazy from biting him. Suddenly the attack stopped and Tim looked up at the man.
His eyes were vacant. Tim pushed him and the man fell back off him and slumped to ground. There standing with a broad grin was John hefting a huge wrench in his hand. “That’s one you owe me, Jarhead.”
“Thanks, I thought I was finished. He really caught me off guard,” Tim said shaking his head.
John helped him up, and except for some minor cuts and bruises, he was fine. After a brief rest, he jumped up, suddenly remembering Jiro and Asa. “Shit! We forgot Asa and Jiro, let’s get going.”
They sped back towards the runway and then started to drive down the line of hangars. One by one they got out and checked them until they finally came to the one that Jiro and Asa had been at. They found the dead dogs and the used medical supplies from where Asa had tended Jiro’s wound. Tim held up the bandage wrapper. “One of them is wounded.”
“They would head back to the plane,” John said. “Let’s go!”
John was all business now as they jumped in the truck and sped down the runway. They arrived to find Jiro and Asa loading the supplies into the plane. Tim ran over to them. “What happened? Are you hurt?”
He scanned Asa looking her over for wounds. Asa laughed, “I am fine Tim. It was Jiro that was injured. Can you look at his wound?”
Relieved Tim stepped back. Why was he so concerned about this girl? He shook it off and went to Jiro and looked at his wound. It was a clean bite, only four puncture wounds and some bruising. He went to his backpack and rummaged around. Finally his hand came out and he walked back to Jiro. Motioning to Asa to come over, he asked her to translate.
“Have him take one every eight hours until they are all gone,” he told her.
Asa turned to Jiro and translated the order into Japanese as Jiro nodded in understanding. Then Jiro turned to him, “Thank you Tim-san.”
“It’s okay, just be more careful next time.” Jiro looked up at Tim and smiling he touched Tim’s head where he had been injured. “Maybe you be more careful too. Okay?”
“Fair enough Jiro, I will,” Tim agreed. They both laughed and then together they finished loading the supplies into the plane.


Chapter 7
Cutter looked over the controls on the side of the truck. He had watched the ground crews refuel his plane several times and by the time Tim returned he thought he had it figured out. John looked over at Tim as he walked up. “You ready to do this?”
“Sure, you know what to do?” Tim said looking at the controls.
“Close enough for government work. I have watched the ground crews fuel my plane many times when I was bored,” John said as he mentally went over the process.
“Well no time like the present. We aren’t getting any younger and the radiation is getting worse by the day,” Tim said as he grabbed the fuel line.
“Then let’s get started then. You get the hoses and I’ll tell you where to hook them up, then we can turn on the pumps and get this show on the road.”
They hooked up the lines and John started the flow of fuel. It took more than an hour for them to fuel the plane with only a few minor spills. When the tanks were full and the supplies were loaded, it was time to leave. Tim drove the fuel truck out of the way and walked back to the plane. Jiro and Asa were already on the plane, and John motioned for him to get aboard. As they stood there watching the loading ramp close, they saw some movement at the other end of the runway.
Tim strained to see what it was. Suddenly he recognized them and what he saw chilled his bones. “We have unwanted company inbound.”
John turned and saw the large group of crazies, at least twenty of them, and they were running straight for the plane. John yelled to Tim, “Hold this lever until the ramp stops, then get your ass up to the cockpit.”
John ran to the front of the plane and entered the cockpit. He began a hasty preflight check and then started to fire up the four huge engines. He began furiously flipping switches and pulling levers, and one by one the huge engines came to life. Tim entered the cockpit as the forth engine came to life. John motioned for him to sit in the empty seat.
“I don’t know how to fly,” Tim said looking at the cockpit controls.
John continued with his controls. “Then today is your first lesson, Jarhead, sit down.”
Tim sat and looked at the dizzying array of switches and levers. There was no way he was going to figure this out. “John, you have got to be kidding. There is no way I am going to be of any use to you.”
John ignored Tim’s plea and pointed at some switches on Tim’s side of the panel. “Put that switch in the On Position and those in the AUX Position.”
The tone in John’s voice was full of authority. Tim did as he was told and finally John gave a satisfied grunt then he pushed the throttles forward and the huge plane jerked and started to move. Slowly the plane turned as John lined up with the runway.
Tim looked out the front windows and saw that the crazies were half way to them, “They are getting closer John, we need to leave.”
John pushed the throttles all the way down and said, “Time to go.”
The huge plane started to roll forward, slowly gaining speed. They closed the gap between the plane and the oncoming crazies quickly. As the plane started to gain some speed there was a thump, then another and still another as they ran into the group coming at them. Then there was a louder thump and the plane started to shake.
“What was that?” Tim asked urgently.
John struggled with the controls as the plane began to veer to the left, “I think they damaged the landing gear, help me keep her straight.”
Tim grabbed the wheel and turned it to the right. He could feel the vibration of the damaged wheel shaking the control. He looked over at John who was straining to keep the plane straight. John pulled back on the stick and groaned. “Help me, pull back on the wheel!”
Together John and Tim pulled and the plane began to rise. Tim looked out the window on his side and noticed that they were moving towards the left side of the runway. “I think we are getting close to—”
John interrupted him, “I know.”
They continued to struggle with the controls and eventually the plane rose just as the wheels on the left side began to go off the runway. With a shudder the plane left the ground and climbed into the sky. Tim watched as the ground fell away. “That was close.”
John was too busy flipping switches and adjusting levers. A red light appeared on the panel in front of Tim and he pointed at it. “That can’t be good.”
John did not need to look at the light he had suspected it might happen. He glanced over at Tim. “The left landing gear did not go up. It must be damaged.”
“Are we going to be able to land?” Tim asked looking at the red light.
“Well that depends on your definition of land,” John said with a smile.
“Very funny, John, I’m serious, can you land this thing now?” Tim asked with a note of concern in his voice.
“We will find out when we get there,” John explained as he continued to adjust the controls in front of him.
Okinawa faded away as the plane headed north. John had decided to make for Yokota air base in the town of Fussa near Tokyo. He set the auto-pilot and spent the next few hours trying to prepare Tim for the landing. The hours rolled by and just as Tim decided that he was as ready as he was going to be, they saw the southern coast of Japan. John followed the coast north to Tokyo, and as they got close to Fussa, he told Tim to have the others come up and get in the two jump seats behind them.
Jiro and Asa did as they were told, and when they were ready John started his approach. Again he ordered Tim to turn a control or move a lever and Tim quickly did what he was told, waiting anxiously as he watched John. John was all business, and slowly he guided the plane to the runway.
“Moment of truth,” John said as he flipped a switch.
There was a humming and then a loud thump and then another red light came on.
Tim looked over at John. “Tell me it’s not serious.”
“Beautiful!” John said shaking his head. “The left landing gear is not down and locked.”
“What do you want me to do?” Tim asked excitedly.
John’s single reply was, “Pray.”
Tim looked back at Asa and Jiro. “Hang on, this could get ugly.”
Asa spoke to Jiro in Japanese and the two tightened their seatbelts. The plane slowly descended, and as they passed over the boundary markers, John cut power. The right landing gear touched and then the plane tilted to the left. There was a loud grinding noise and then a bang as the plane skidded on its belly and veered to the left, heading off the runway.
John pushed on the brakes and reversed the engines, and the plane began to slow. As they went off the left side the runway, the plane jerked violently and then dug into the soft ground. The plane did an instant one hundred and eighty degree turn and stopped.
The plane creaked and groaned as it rocked for a second and then came to rest. John looked around and laughed. “Any landing you can walk away from is a good landing.”
Tim looked over at John. “Very funny, I think I just shit my pants.”
“I thought you Jarheads were supposed to be tough,” John said with his customary grin.
Tim shook his head and then they both turned to Jiro and Asa; they were sitting in their seats with pale faces. John smiled at them. “Welcome to Yokota Air Base, we hope you enjoyed your flight.”
Asa scowled at him. “You need to practice your landings, Captain.”
John and Tim looked at each other and then broke into laughter. Then Tim got up and went to the back hatch and pushed the button, nothing happened. He tried again and still nothing. He called to John in the front of the plane. “John, am I doing this right?”
John came back and pushed the button, nothing happened. “The circuit is blown, stand back.”
He stepped away and John pushed another button and then started to crank a lever, slowly the door dropped open. They stepped out onto the runway in the fading light and looked around. The sun was slowly dropping below the horizon and as it did, total darkness surrounded them. Tim looked at the horizon; there were no lights in sight.
Tokyo was dead.
The four of them surveyed the scene around them. No light could be seen as they all turned in a complete circle. Asa was the first to speak. “What happened to the lights?”
“I don’t know, but it is kind of creepy,” Tim told her.
Then John said, “We should get back in the plane and wait for morning. Tokyo is a large city and chances are good that there will be a lot of crazies around.”
“I agree. I will take the first watch,” Tim said, and walked back to get his weapons.
They got back in the plane and ate dinner. They all agreed to keep the plane dark, there was no sense attracting unwanted attention. Tim checked his M16 and loaded a full clip, then walked to the edge of the loading ramp and looked into the darkness. Except for partial moonlight it was utterly dark. He mused about how mankind used to fear the dark, so he had created fire. Then later he created electric lights to conquer the dark. Technology had made him the master of the planet and now that man was nearly gone, his technology was breaking down. Once again man would fear the dark.
He strained to see but it was useless, so he closed his eyes and listened. The first thing he noticed was how loud the others sounded. They were all in the front of the plane talking quietly, but it sounded like they were yelling in the dark silence around them.
“Guys, you might want to keep it down. Let’s not invite the crazies to dinner,” Tim called.
They all stopped speaking.
“Okay. Perhaps we should just go to bed,” John suggested, and they busied themselves with getting ready to sleep. Within fifteen minutes the quiet was complete. All Tim could hear his own heart beating now and it unnerved him a little. Then he realized something, technology! Of course! He ran back to where John was lying down, “John, where do you keep your night vision goggles?”
John leaned up. “Why didn’t I think of that? They’re in the cockpit under the right seat.”
Tim went to the cockpit and dug out the box then removed the goggles and walk back to the loading ramp. He put the goggles to his eyes and turned on the switch. Instantly the world came into view in an eerie green glow. Tim smiled to himself; now that was better, now he could see and hear them coming. Slowly he scanned the horizon, sweeping back and forth for a few minutes, and then he turned off the goggles to conserve the battery.
He periodically turned the goggles on and looked around but all was clear and quiet. He had half expected the crash to bring the crazies running right to them, but so far they had been lucky. Around midnight he woke John for his watch. “I took Jiro’s watch. Let’s keep the night watch with the professionals for now. If you get tired, wake me.”
“Anything to report?” John asked.
Tim slipped into his comfortable role as a non-commissioned officer. “No sir, all clear. Try to use the night vision only if you hear something. We only have one spare set of batteries.”
“Roger that, Sergeant. I will see you in the morning,” John told him, not realizing that he too had responded militarily.
Tim came to attention and saluted, the action coming instinctively. John stared at him for a second then returned the salute. Tim smiled and dropped his salute offering his hand to the captain. “I guess old habits die hard. Good night, John.”
John took his hand and smiled, “Good night Tim.”
John went to the loading ramp and turned on the goggles and scanned the area, all was clear. He lowered the goggles, turned them off and listened to the night. All he could hear were the wind and the even breathing of the others sleeping. He prayed for an uneventful watch.
***
As the sun rose John woke the others. “Rise and shine people, time to go.”
Tim rolled over and looked at him. “How did your watch go?”
“Quiet, the way I like them,” John said smiling.
Asa prepared a cold breakfast of MREs, and while they ate they discussed what they were going to do next. John swallowed his food. “I was going to just refuel and head right back out, but the crash landing changes things.”
“Why not get another plane?” Asa asked.
“Because, my dear, they are all gone,” John explained. “We were on standby to fly out and were all on the taxi way waiting. I did not see a single plane left out there, they must have all flown out trying to avoid the plague.”
Jiro held up his hand. “Excuse please, could we go by boat?”
The others looked at him. The answer had been that easy. They could just go the port in Tokyo, find a medium-sized boat and sail out of there.
John looked at Jiro, “Can you sail?”
Jiro shook his head no.
Then Tim added, “Me neither. I am a Marine, not a sailor.”
John looked at them. “Well, I guess we’re in for some OJT.” Then he added for Asa benefit, “On the job training.”
“How far is it to the harbor from the base?” Tim asked.
John thought about it for a minute. “It’s about twenty-five or thirty miles.”
Tim stood up. “We’re going to need a vehicle. I’ll go and look for one, be ready to move when I get back.”
He grabbed his M16 and left the plane. Slowly he made his way to the cluster of buildings near the place they had landed the night before, and cautiously he approached the closest one, glancing around the corner. A half a dozen bodies lay on the ground but nothing else. He made his way to the next one, and there by the door he found what he was looking for, parked in front was a HMMWV or Hummer as they were known.
He walked over and opened the door to find the driver still sitting in the seat. The stench was overwhelming, and he gagged and closed the door.
“I am not driving in that stench,” Tim said and turned to the next building.
He peered around the corner, ducking back quickly after spotting five crazies squatting around a dead dog. Tim froze, then carefully looked around the corner again. He scanned the area and other than them it was clear. Even better, behind them were two Hummers.
He took the safety off on the M16 and took aim at the closest one. He squeezed the trigger and its head exploded. Quickly he acquired his next target and fired. The crazies never saw it coming. When the first one died, the others just looked at him and by the time Tim was shooting at the last one it was just turning to attack.
Tim quickly changed magazines, and keeping his M16 in his shoulder, he made for the closest Hummer. He scanned the interior of the vehicle, and when he was sure no one was inside, he opened the door and sat down. He turned the switch and checked the fuel level—it was just under half. Then he got out and moved to the next one checking it; three quarters full. He started the engine and closed the door.
Looking up, he saw two more crazies coming out from between the buildings in front of him, running right at him. He put the Hummer in gear and hit the accelerator and drove at them. They never even tried to get out of the way. The Hummer crashed into them, sending one flying over and the other under the vehicle. Tim heard a dull crunching noise as the Hummer rolled over the body. He turned and headed back to the plane, all the time checking the rear view mirrors.
When he arrived, he skidded to a halt and jumped out. “We have to get out of here now. There are crazies all over this place.”
Tim ran up the ramp and grabbed his gear. The others needed no other explanations. They grabbed their gear and loaded the Hummer with all they could fit in it. As they were checking the area to make sure they hadn’t forgotten anything, John said, “I hate party crashers.”
He was pointing at a group of crazies heading towards them. The group was about a quarter mile away but they had no desire for them to get closer. They got in the Hummer and Tim started it up and looked over at John. “This is your back yard, which way boss?”
“It’s that way.” John pointed in the opposite direction of their attackers. Tim put it gear and took off, and slowly the mob chasing them faded from sight. They quickly made their way to the main gate. John directed Tim until they were on the road leading off the base. As they approached the gate, they encountered a scene of mass confusion. Vehicles were backed up for a half a mile from the gate and bodies were everywhere; it was horrific. Asa gasped as she surveyed the area, and Tim shook his head. “Glad this wasn’t my post.”
He pulled off the road, and cutting down the side, made it to the gate. There they found a car blocking the exit. Tim used the Hummer to push it out of the way, and once it was clear he stopped and jumped out. “Wait here for a second.”
John started to protest but Tim ignored him. He walked over to a bunker by gate and entered. A few minutes later he appeared with a S.A.W. (Squad Assault Weapon) slung over his shoulder and several boxes of ammo hanging from the other. In his hand he held a large duffle bag. “I thought we could use a little more firepower,” Tim said, grinning.
John shook his head. “You Marines and your toys, get in and let’s get the hell out of here.”
Tim got back in and drove off the base. John pointed the way as Tim drove. Luckily the freeways were pretty clear; Martial law had been declared and no traffic was allowed. They reached the port just before noon and went straight to the Marina. As they approached, Tim looked over the ships that were there. “I can’t sail, so let’s look for a larger fishing boat.”
John nodded. “Good idea, I think we could manage a fishing trawler.”
A third of the way down they saw what they were looking for—a forty-foot fishing boat that Tim thought he could handle. They pulled up and jumped out.
“Get the supplies loaded quickly,” Tim told them.
They started to transfer the supplies to the boat when Asa got Tim’s attention. “We need water. These bottles only purify dirty water, not sea water.”
Tim nodded in understanding then turned to John. “John, you and Jiro finish loading the supplies on board and then look for some more fuel on these other ones.”
John gave a mock salute. “Aye, aye, skipper.”
Tim shook his head turned to Asa. “Let’s go.”
They went back to the main building of the marina and went in. Inside it was dark, the only light coming from the dusty windows. So they waited for their eyes to adjust and then they moved cautiously in. Tim walked ahead of Asa holding his M16 at the ready.
Tim looked around. “This place is pretty fancy. They should have a good stock of bottled water.”
He pointed to the bar area. They slowly made their way in the half light and finally found the bar. Tim picked up a candle from one of the tables and some matches from the bar. Lighting the candle he looked around. “Over there.” He pointed to the service door.
“Can you light some more of these candles?” Tim asked Asa.
Asa grabbed some matches and lit more six candles. Now they could see much better as Tim made his way to the service door with Asa close by his side. He opened the door and looked inside, seeing a large metal door leading to a cooler and a hallway leading to the kitchen. Tim made his way to the cooler and opened the door. A body fell forward from inside and Asa screamed as she grabbed Tim by the arm. Tim put his arm around Asa. “It’s okay, he’s dead, stay here at the door.”
He went back into the cooler and found a hand cart. He brought it around to where Asa was then went back in. One by one he brought cases of bottled water and put them on the hand cart until it was almost full. Then he returned with one last item—two cases of beer. He set them on top as Asa looked at him funny. “I paid for them,” Tim told her with a grin.
Asa shook her head and they turned and made their way back to the exit, Asa never more than a few inches away from the Tim’s right arm. Once they exited and entered the light, Asa released her hold on Tim and stepped back. “I am sorry. I was so scared in there.”
“Not a problem, I’ve had worse dates,” Tim said with a smile.
Asa blushed and smiled at him. “Do you think I am pretty, Sergeant?”
Tim was caught off guard by the comment. “Why sure, you’re a knockout.”
“What is a knockout?” Asa asked him shyly.
Tim regained his composure. “It’s a very pretty woman.”
“I think you are very handsome, too.” She said, lowering her eyes.
Tim was starting to get uncomfortable so he quickly changed the subject. “We need to get back to the others and get out of here. We can pick this conversation up another time. And by the way, you can call me Tim.”
They hurried back to the boat and found the others waiting for them. Quickly they loaded the water and beer on board and Tim went up the bridge. The keys were in the ignition and he started the boat. Then John and Jiro cast off the mooring lines and they made the way slowly out of the harbor. By nightfall they were making their way south down the coast.
John came over to Tim and offered him a cigarette, “Where to now, Tim?”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Tim said taking the cigarette. “We can make our way down the coast and pull in for supplies and fuel. Once we hit the southern tip we have two choices, both are hazardous.”
“Let’s hear them.” John told him.
“We can come around to the east and head across to Korea or we can continue south back to Okinawa and then on to the Philippines,” Tim explained. “Either way, we have to go dangerously close to China and the fallout.”
“We have some time to decide. Let’s sleep on it,” John suggested.
He turned and headed down to the galley. Asa passed him on way; she was carrying a plate of food and a beer. She blushed when John looked at her. “Tim is topside at the wheel.”
Asa thanked him and went up the stairs.


Chapter 8
Asa walked over to where Tim was standing. “I brought you some dinner, Tim.”
Tim looked over at her as she offered him the plate, then smiled and took it from her.
“Here take the wheel, just don’t run into Japan,” he told her and stepped away from the wheel. She stepped forward and took his place as Tim sat down on a crate and started to eat. He took a bite and looked up at her, his mouth half full of food. “What is this?”
“Don’t you like it?” she asked, a note of distress in her voice.
“Asa, I have been eating MREs for over a week, this is like food of the Gods,” Tim said as he began to hungrily devour the food.
“Well I am pleased you think so,” Asa said, happy with herself. “I found some food and spices in the galley. Jiro and I made a stew for everyone.”
“It’s good,” Tim said with a smile. “Nice to have something hot and not just MRE’s day after day.”
Asa smiled to herself. She was happy that Tim liked her food, and she glanced over at him several times as he ate, taking secret pride in it. Tim finished his meal and lit a cigarette, then leaned back and sipped on his beer. “I am going to miss this,” he said holding up his beer. “I don’t think the breweries are going to start production again anytime soon.”
Asa turned and looked away and into the sea ahead of them. “What is going to happen to us, Tim?”
“John and I are thinking about that Tomorrow we will all decide what is best, all of us.”
“I mean, do you think we will live?” Asa asked.
Tim got up and walked over to her, then reached out and put his hand on her shoulder. “We are going to be just fine. We just need to get out of the fallout zone.”
Asa leaned her head over and rubbed her cheek on his hand. “Do you have a girl friend?’
Tim was a little stunned by her question. He had not thought about his ex in months. He cleared his throat. “I had someone, long ago. But she didn’t really love me.”
Asa smiled to herself and turned to face him. “I need to tell you something.”
“What?” “I don’t know how to say it.” “I find it is just best to spit it out,” Tim told her.
Asa looked away and said, “I want you to know that I want to be with you.”
Tim was stunned. He had only known the girl for a couple days now and here she wanted him. Tim regained his composure. “Kind of sudden don’t you think?”
“Not really, I know all I need to know.” She explained, “You are a good man and there are not a lot of them around now. I also know that I need someone to protect me.”
“You don’t have to tell me you want to be with me for me to protect you. I will do that anyway.”
Tim step in behind her and Asa snuggled back into Tim’s chest. “All the same, I think I am falling for you.”
“Asa, you barely know me,” Tim said trying not to upset her.
“Does that really matter?” Asa asked him then she gave him a teasing look. “Does my company displease you?”
“No, you are very easy on the eyes. But you are a bit young,” Tim said a bit embarrassed.
“How old are you Tim?” Asa asked him.
“Twenty-six, I have a younger sister about your age.” Tim replied.
“Do I remind you of her?” Asa asked in a playful tone.
“No.” Tim told her with a smile.
Asa spun around to face him, “Then kiss me.”
Tim hesitated for a second and then leaned forward. Asa pulled him down and kissed him full on the lips. They kissed for a minute, and finally Tim pulled away. “Watch where you going, Asa. I would hate to have to explain to the others why we ran into Japan.”
Tim took over the wheel again and Asa headed back below deck. “Goodnight Tim.”
Tim stood there thinking about what just happened. She was a very pretty girl and she liked him, it was just his luck that it took the end of the world to get that lucky. John came up at midnight and relieved Tim for the night. He went below and found that Asa was waiting for him.
“This bed is nice and warm,” Asa said in a playful tone.
Tim walked to the bunk as Asa lifted her blanket. Tim could see her naked body in the dim light and he smiled. “Let’s take it a bit slower, okay?”
“As long as I am near you I don’t care,” Asa said smiling at him.
He took off his shirt and boots and lay down in front of her. She put her arms around him and he fell asleep in her arms. For the first time since in over a week he was at peace.
***
The next morning they got up and went topside. John had anchored the boat off the coast of Cape Sata and they all gathered on the stern. John cleared his throat. “We need to decide what to do next. Tim has a couple of ideas.”
Tim step forward. “The way I see it, this whole area is bad news. China and Russia have been nuked and the prevailing winds are eastward. We need to head south and get out of Southeast Asia.” He paused and lit a smoke, “So we either we can come around to the east and head across to Korea, or we can continue south back to Okinawa and then on to the Philippine Islands.”
Jiro raised his hand. “What then, Tim-san?”
Tim looked around at them. “I have been thinking about that and I still think we need to try and get to Europe.”
“Why Europe Tim-san?” Jiro asked.
Tim began to explain. “Well this whole region has been nuked, and the fallout will spread all over the Southern Pacific, so this place is ruled out. America is done for, both the East and West Coasts have been nuked and several other cities to boot. Europe is a temperate climate and hopefully the majority of the fallout from the Middle East and Russia will move eastward. So without further data, I vote for Northern Spain or Southern France. Both of these will be ideal to start a new life.”
Tim waited for a response and it was Asa who finally stepped forward to stand next to him. “I am going where ever Tim goes.”
John laughed, “Well, we figured that out already.”
Asa blushed.
Jiro thought for a minute and then spoke to Asa in Japanese. Asa responded and then bowed, and then she turned to the others. “Jiro-san says that he will go with us, but makes one request.”
Tim looked at Jiro. “Name it.”
“Jiro-san is worried about my honor; he wants to know your intentions before we go any further.”
Tim and John looked at each other, and then Tim looked over at Jiro. “Jiro, right now I don’t know. We are all under a lot of stress and need time to sort things out.”
“You treat Asa with respect?” Jiro asked him.
“Always On my honor.”
Jiro nodded and then bowed to Tim. “Then we go now Tim-san. Take us our new home.”
***
They weighed anchor and made a course for the northern tip of Okinawa. The weather was fair and they made good time. As afternoon approached, they reached Amami Island, and by nightfall they could just make out Mt. Yonaha on the northern end of Okinawa. They reached the island around nine p.m. and made anchor two miles off the coast. Tim motioned for John to join him at the bow. “We will wait here for morning and then we can move along the coast and resupply. If we are lucky we can be there and gone before we get into any trouble.”
John nodded. “That sounds good Tim, now Jiro and I have a surprise for you.”
He winked at Tim and motioned for him to follow. They went below deck and found Jiro busy finishing up with dinner. To Tim it looked like a banquet. Asa, too, had been busy. She had fixed her hair up and had cleaned up the sleeping quarters.
She saw Tim and came over to him and bowed then led him to his place at the table. Tim sat and she bowed again, then went and got his food. She served him his dinner then brought a beer, this time in a glass. She offered it to him and he looked at the others.
“What’s going on?” Tim asked suspiciously.
Jiro bowed to Tim and said, “Asa say she want it to be known that she is with you and no one else. So she serve you your dinner tonight.”
Tim looked at John and smiled. “A man could get used to this.”
Asa smiled and sat next to Tim. They all ate and when they were done Asa cleaned up. When she was done, Jiro and John both went topside and closed the door behind them. Asa looked at Tim and smiled.
***
As morning dawned Tim came up on deck. He stretched and pulled out a smoke and lit it. In the clear morning air he could see Okinawa. He heard something behind him and turned to see Jiro walking over. “My home very beautiful, I will miss it.”
“Yes it is. I have enjoyed my three years here,” Tim said.
“I thought Marines only stay one year here.”
“They do, unless they choose to stay longer. I chose to stay and was on my third extension.” Jiro looked at him. “Why you stay so long. Don’t you miss your home?”
Tim put out his smoke. “When I came to Okinawa I was engaged to be married. Five months later my fiancé sent me a letter calling it off, saying she was going to marry my best friend. I decided not to go home and stayed another year. Soon I fell in love with Okinawa and could not bear to leave her.”
Jiro looked at Tim in a new light. “I, too, love Okinawa, but we must leave her. Perhaps together we can carry her memory with us?”
“That sounds good Jiro, let’s do that,” Tim said with a smile.
Tim patted Jiro on the back and then noticed John coming on deck. He called him over and together the three discussed the day’s plan. They would need supplies and most of all they needed weapons. Tim had explained that what they had was fine, but he had not expected to find so many crazies on their trip.
Tim laid out the itinerary. “We need to arm the ship and ourselves, just to be sure. Camp Foster is on the western coast of Okinawa so we can pull up to the pier there. You will drop John and I off and we will go get what we need. Then you can pick us up.”
Asa had been listening and now she stepped forward and protested. “Why not let all of us go? Jiro and I can help you.”
Tim turned to her. “Because John and I are professionals, and until we have time to train you and Jiro in the proper use of firearms, it is best you stay behind. I know you can handle yourself, but we need to be cautious at this time.”
Asa started to argue, but Jiro raised his hand and she relented.
They weighed anchor and followed the coastline heading north along the eastern coast of Okinawa. By midmorning they were off shore near Camp Foster and they navigated their boat up to the pier where Tim and John got off.
Tim looked up at Jiro. “I found this flare gun on the boat. I want you to take the boat out a couple hundred yards and wait. I don’t want you to get ambushed while we are away. If you see my signal you come and get us in a hurry.”
Jiro nodded and then Tim turned to John. “By the numbers and no mistakes, let’s get it done.”
John nodded and they quickly checked their weapons and headed inland. It took them forty-five minutes to reach the gates of Camp Foster. They were moving slowly, one moving up while the other one provided cover. As they approached the gate, Tim pointed. “Good, there’s a Hummer here. Let’s load up all the weapons and ammo in it and then we can go up to the Post Exchange.”
“Sounds like a plan,” John agreed.
Tim went to the bunker that had been constructed near the gate and retrieved the crew-served weapon along with all the ammo and put it in the Hummer. Meanwhile, John went around to all the dead Marines and picked up all the loose weapons and grenades. Then Tim helped him carefully removed the helmets, vests and MOLLE gear from them. It took them an hour to complete their grizzly task, and when they were finished loading it all into the Hummer Tim got in the driver’s seat and cranked over the engine. “Let’s get out of here.”
Tim drove up the hill to the exchange area. He had been to this base a few times and knew his way around. John rode shotgun and scanned the area for possible attack as Tim made his way up the hill to where the Exchange was located. When they got there, they were surprised how few vehicles and bodies were there.
Tim got out and looked over at John. “Let’s hit the Exchange first and then we can go to the Commissary.”
John nodded and they walked over to the front doors where they stopped.
“It’s your gig. What’s the game plan?” John said.
Tim thought about it then said, “We get some carts and get what we need. Clothes, underwear, hygiene supplies are my zone, you get some camping supplies, a couple good sets of two-way radios, all the batteries and see if you can snag and some good flashlights.” Then he added, “And anything else you think we might need.”
“Is that all? Perhaps we could just drag the Exchange down to the dock,” John said sarcastically.
Tim shook his head. “OK wise guy, just get what you think we are going to need.”
John smiled at him and the two men cautiously approached the doors. They could see the lights inside and were happy to see that the power was still on. The doors slid open and a cool blast of air conditioning hit them as they crossed the threshold. They each grabbed one of the carts by the door.
“The sporting goods department is over there, John,” Tim told him pointing off to the right.
“Right, won’t be but a minute,” John said as he turned his cart.
“Make it quick. The longer we stay the greater chance we run into trouble.”
“Don’t worry so much, Tim, you’ll grow old too fast.” John smiled and headed off in the direction Tim had pointed. Tim pushed his cart over to the clothing section and grabbed some clothes for each of them. He grabbed several packs of underwear and socks and a coat for each of them. On the way out he passed the women’s section and his eye caught something, he smile and put it in the cart. Then he went over and got the hygiene supplies. As he walked the aisles it was surreal; the music was playing on the intercom but there were no other shoppers. Tim shook it off and continued over to sporting goods to meet up with John.
John had picked up four good sleeping bags and other camping supplies. Then he had gone over to electronics and found the two-way radios and grabbed two sets. He cleaned out the battery display and was on his way over to hardware when he turned the corner and found himself facing four dogs that were eating a dead body.
He froze.
The dogs looked up at him and started to growl as John began to back away. As he did so he started to raise his weapon when he heard another growl behind him. There were three more coming up and now he knew he was in trouble. John was thinking about what he was going to do when he heard a burst of machine gun fire and the dogs in front of him exploded in a cloud of blood and fur. John turned quickly on the three behind him and pulled the trigger. The first two caught the full brunt of the burst and they dropped. The other leapt, biting John on his right arm and causing him to drop his rifle.
John dropped to one knee and fell backwards. The dog was thrashing his head back and forth, tearing at his arm. The blood was flowing freely when Tim came up and butt stroked the dog on the back of the head. The dog instantly let go and backed away from both of them growling. Tim spun his rifle around and put a burst into the dog, and then turned to John who was moaning and holding his arm.
Tim knelt down. “Let me look at.”
John held up his arm. “Where the hell did they come from?”
John’s arm was bleeding badly. Tim opened his medical kit and pulled out a packet of Celox and sprinkled it on the wound. “This will help stop the bleeding.”
Then he wrapped a bandage over the wound.
“We should have been more careful. With the automatic doors on anything could get in here,” Tim told him.
Tim helped John back on his feet. “Are you okay now?”
“I’ll live. Now I owe you, thanks,” John said testing his arm.
They got the rest of their supplies and put them in the Hummer and then headed to the Commissary. When they got there Tim parked just outside the door and got out. He approached the doors slowly and they opened automatically.
Tim looked over at John. “You load the cart, and I’ll provide cover. There’s a good chance there may be dogs in here with all the food.”
“Agreed, let’s do this fast and get the hell out of here,” John said with a nod.
They went back and quickly got a couple of fifty pound bags of rice and then filled the cart on the way back out with canned goods, avoiding the meat department. When they got to the front of the store, Tim paused. “We don’t really need these but I want them.”
He grabbed as many cartons of cigarettes as he could. They exited the store and loaded their goods into the Hummer and got in.
“Let’s get the hell out of here,” John said as he closed the door.
Tim fired up the engine and backed away from the doors. They were headed back towards the gate and suddenly Tim slammed on the brakes.
John winced. “What’s wrong?”
“One last stop,” Tim said and he pointed at the building they were in front of— the Aid Station.
Tim grabbed his M16 and told John to wait in the truck, and then he jumped out and entered the building. Inside were more bodies than he could count, lying on floor, leaning on the walls and on cots. He made his way back to the supply room and grabbed a box. He quickly filled it with all the supplies he could find—bandages, Celox, medications and bags of sterilized medical tools. When it was full, he returned to the Hummer and got in.
Tim looked over at John. “Now it is time to leave. Let’s get out of here before anything else happens.”
They drove to the pier and Tim fired the signal flare. Jiro and Asa came and picked them up. When they arrived they saw the blood on John’s arm.
“Asa, tend to John’s wounds,” Tim told her. Then he turned to Jiro. “Jiro, help me get these supplies on board quickly.”
Tim’s orders were commanding, and Jiro and Asa did not ask questions. They got the Hummer unloaded, then pulled away from the pier as the sun was starting to set. They had taken longer than they thought and Tim cursed their bad luck with the dogs. He told Jiro to continue down the coast to Naha port so they could get fuel.
Below deck Asa was cleaning John’s wound. They were lucky, the dog had not broken any arteries, just tore the skin up some. John was complaining as Asa worked, “Ouch! That hurts.”
“You act like a baby,” Asa told him.
“Well, be gentle,” John said wincing.
Tim walked over and stood next to Asa. “Is your patient giving you trouble?”
“He is a big baby!” Asa told him, rolling her eyes.
“She is trying to rip my arm off!” John said, holding his wounded arm.
“Too bad, let me get a better look at that.” Tim told him reaching for his arm.
Tim examined the wound then pulled out some supplies from the bag. He instructed Asa on how to put some Steri-Stips on the cuts and then the put some antibiotic on it. Together the re-dressed the wound and Tim pulled out a syringe.
John looked at him. “What’s that for?”
“I am going to give you a tetanus shot.” Tim told him.
John grunted his approval and Tim jabbed the needle into his arm. He then dug around the box of supplies and pulled out some pills. “These are broad range antibiotics, just to be safe I think you should take a course of them. I had to take some of them a couple months ago when I cut myself real bad.”
John agreed and took the bottle from him.
“Take one every eight hours until there gone.” Tim went back up on deck and lit a cigarette. They had been lucky; they had gotten all the supplies they needed for the crossing to the Philippines with only one minor injury. He hoped their luck would hold.
***
They arrived at the Naha port an hour later, and Jiro and John searched the boats at the docks for fuel. They filled the tanks on their boat and all the spare fuel cans they could find. John figured they had just enough to get to the Philippines.
While they were getting the fuel, Tim had disappeared. He returned thirty minutes later holding two kon. He walked up to Asa and handed her one. “It wouldn’t do for a girl of mine to be wielding a broken mop handle.”
Then he turned to Jiro and tossed him the other. “Perhaps you could give some lessons to us?”
Jiro bowed. “Of course Tim-san.”
As they pulled away Jiro walked to the back of the boat. He stood there staring at the island as the last of light faded. It was the last time he would ever see his home again.


Chapter 9
On the morning of the third day out of Okinawa, the sky dawned with ominous black clouds. Tim came on deck and was surveying them when John came over and joined him. He had two cups in his hands and offered Tim one. “Asa made coffee.”
Tim took the cup and motioned to the clouds on the horizon in front of them and said, “That doesn’t look good.”
“You’re right,” John agreed. “But we don’t have much choice about it. We are past the point of no return with our fuel, so we have to keep going.”
“Perhaps we will get lucky and it will pass by us.”
“Yes, and perhaps fairies will pop out my ass, but I doubt it.” John replied sarcastically.
Tim nodded slowly and then said, “Well, let the others know and have them start stowing anything that will move on us. We will be in for some rough seas.”
John gave a little salute and then smiled as headed back below. Tim took the first watch at the wheel relieving Jiro. Asa came on deck and joined him clinging to his arm. He smiled at her taking comfort in her warmth. By noon, the skies slowly darkened till it was as if the sun had gone down, and the wind picked up. By late afternoon, the rain began, and when the seas started to get higher, he sent her down below.
“Send John up please,” Tim asked as she turned to leave.
A few minutes later John came up and walked over. “We’re in for some serious shit I’m afraid.”
John nodded and called Jiro on deck. The two busied themselves checking the supplies and anything else that was loose while Asa finished stowing things below. Then she made a fresh batch of coffee. An hour later they were in a full gale and the seas were ten feet or better as the boat was tossed from wave to wave.
Tim did his best to keep the boat on the correct heading but the storm was making it very difficult. Below deck they held on as the ship rocked back and forth. Jiro came topside to give Tim a break and he stepped back to let Jiro take the wheel. Then he pointed at the compass and yelled over the noise, “Hold this course if you can! It has been a real bitch, and I am sure we are off course by now!”
Jiro nodded and Tim went below. When he got down to the galley, Asa helped him out of his wet clothes and brought him some blankets.
“What will we do if you get sick?” She scolded as she handed him a cup of hot coffee. “You should have let John or Jiro relieve you two hours ago.”
Tim looked at her. “Yes, dear.”
John laughed. “You got that answer down pat.”
Asa snapped around to glare at John. “You let him stay out there for half the night, if he gets sick I will blame you.”
John tried to look innocent, but Asa wasn’t buying it. She went over and got some dry clothes for Tim and then got him something to eat. They rode out the storm and by morning it was over.
***
John had relieved Jiro around three in the morning and now he came down to the galley to join the rest of them.
Asa handed him a cup of coffee, and after he had taken a couple sips he looked up at Tim. “We are about five miles off a coastline but I have no idea where.”
“We’re lucky to still be floating, John, none of us are seaman.”
John grunted while sipping his coffee. “I suppose you’re right. Do we have anything to eat?” Asa brought him a plate and set it down in front of him. They ate breakfast, and then Tim stood and started to go up on deck. “Let’s see if we can figure out where we are.”
Tim got out his binoculars and scanned the horizon. Just off shore he spotted a large sailboat anchored about a half mile away. “Look there, another boat.”
John looked where Tim was pointing. “I didn’t see that earlier, but then again I was looking at the coast.”
As they watched, the other boat sent a red signal flare from its deck. John looked at Tim surprised. “Someone is alive over there!”
Tim nodded. “Let’s go see who our neighbors are. Maybe they can tell us where we are.”
John and Tim armed themselves as Jiro piloted their boat closer to the sailboat. As they approached, they saw a man standing on the deck waving to them. Tim called out to him as they got in range. “Are you alone?”
“Quite my dear fellow.” The man said through cupped hands.
His accent was British, but he was clearly Asian. He was in his late thirties and well dressed in a sailing outfit, complete with ascot. They pulled alongside, and as John covered the man with his M16, Tim jumped over to the other boat. Tim looked around; the man appeared to be alone. He walked over to him. “Who are you?”
“My name is Chen Sung, but you may call me Charles,” the man told him in perfect English.
“You speak very good English for a Chinaman,” Tim observed.
Charles smiled at him and bowed slightly. “I was educated in England at Oxford, a privilege of wealth.”
“So what’s your story?” Tim asked.
“My family and I were sailing about sixty miles off the coast of Hong Kong when we saw the nuclear bombs fall. There was a huge mushroom cloud above the city.” He paused remembering the sight. “It was absolutely ghastly. We knew we had to get as far from the coast as possible so we set sail for the eastern coast of Taiwan, where we are now.”
“So that’s where we are,” Tim said looking around.
“Quite right!” Charles said in a jovial tone as he continued his story. “We are on the southeastern coast to be precise. We arrived here the next morning and anchored off the coast. That evening my wife and children became ill and a day later they were dead. I buried them at sea and then proceeded to get drunk. This morning I ran out scotch and had decided to join them. I came on deck to do myself in when I saw your boat. The rest you know, my good sir.”
Tim gave him a sideways look. “I am an U.S. Marine. It was my country that destroyed yours. Do you have a problem with that?”
Charles smiled and extended his hand to him. “If I am not mistaken, it was my bloody country that fired first. Besides, there is an America anymore, nor any China for that matter, just survivors.”
Tim eyed him for a minute and then slowly accepted his hand and they shook. John smiled and lowered his weapon before boarding the sailboat. “It looks like we have a new friend. My name is John.”
“Charles Sang. Pleased to meet you,” Charles said shaking his hand vigorously.
“That’s not the accent I was expecting to hear,” John said quizzically.
Charles just smiled.
They tied the two vessels together, and Jiro and Asa joined them on the sailboat, a forty foot sailing yacht that with a fourteen foot beam. Tim introduced Charles to them and they all went below into the cabin of the yacht. Inside it was very nice, Charles it seemed liked is luxury. There was a private cabin with a double bed and four other beds. There was a dining area and a nice sized galley.
Tim whistled, “Nice digs Charles.”
Charles bowed, “One manages as best as one can.”
They all sat down in the salon and Charles retold his story for the others. Then Asa made some food and as they ate they talked about what they should do.
Charles looked at Tim. “You know that boat of yours is not made for prolonged sea voyages, we should continue on mine. I am absolutely brilliant sailor, if I do say so myself, and I do.”
“Well, none of us know how to sail,” Tim explained.
Charles smiled. “I can teach you and besides that vessel of yours relies on fuel. Sooner or later you’ll be stranded in the middle of the ocean.”
After some debate they all agreed that Charles was right. They transferred all of the weapons and supplies aboard the sailboat as they stripped the fishing boat of all useful items. Meanwhile, Charles began showing them the basics of sailing.
Charles’ yacht was much larger than the fishing boat. It had two nice cabins, a bath and a galley below deck. These were all fore and aft of a central common room. Tim and John mounted two crew-served weapons on the boat, one on the bow and one at the stern. They also jury-rigged some makeshift armor around the sides.
Charles showed them how to raise and lower the sails and other basics. When they felt comfortable with these skills, they set sail for the Philippines.
***
Over the next couple days they continued practicing raising and lowering the sails and tacking and jibing. Charles was pleased at how quickly the others were picking it up, and by the time they were approaching the Lingayen Gulf, they were actually getting the hang of it.
They made anchor in the center of the gulf and rested as Charles pulled out his charts. Tim looked them over as he dragged his finger along the map. “In the morning we will resupply with water then sail along these islands to Malaysia and then to the northern tip of Borneo.”
Charles looked where Tim was pointing and nodded. “That should be fine. I know these waters fairly well and we should have no problem finding supplies along the way.”
Asa walked over and grabbed Tim by the arm. “Now if you men don’t mind I would like some time alone with my man.”
Tim smiled and the others just laughed and headed up on deck. It was a beautiful evening, and the weather was calm and clear. Jiro produced a bottle of sake and the others gathered around him. They passed the bottle, drinking to each other’s health and soon they were singing loudly.
Below deck, Tim held Asa in his arm and kissed her, and then he remembered something and pulled away. “I almost forgot! I have some things for you.”
He got up and went to where they had stored their supplies. He pulled out his pack and brought it over to her. “With John’s injury back on Okinawa I forgot to give you these.”
He reached in the pack and produced several packs of girl’s panties, which he handed to her. Then, digging into the pack once again, he pulled out several packages of tampons, smiling as he handed them to her. Once more he reached in his pack and this time produced a one-piece bathing suit. “It was this or the dress. I thought this would be more practical.” Tim told her holding the suit in front of Asa.
“Thank you, Tim.” As said looking at the pile of supplies, “It was kind of you to get this stuff for me.”
“I had a sister, I know the deal.” Tim told her, “A little bit of comfort items go a long way with you gals.” Then he reached into his pack one last time. “Wait, I have one more thing.”
He handed her a small black box. She looked at him and opened it, inside was a diamond ring. He pulled the ring from the box she held and slipped it on her finger. “There, that’s better.”
Asa hugged Tim and started to cry. “It’s beautiful!”
They fell into each other’s arms as the last of the day’s light faded.
***
The next morning, Asa showed all the others her new ring. Tim just smiled as John asked where he had gotten it.
“I borrowed it from the Exchange.” Tim said innocently. “I don’t think they’ll miss it.”
John laughed as Tim called the group together. “We need to get water and get moving. The sooner we get away from this radiation the better.”
Charles walked over. “I recommend that Tim, Jiro and I take the row boat and go into Lingayen. They have a nice beach there to land on and we can get all the supplies we need at the Lingayen Gulf Resort just off the beach.”
“I like it. In, out, no fuss,” Tim said nodding.
Charles continued, “Then if we are agreed let us begin.”
They readied the launch and the three prepared to go. Tim handed Charles an M16 and asked him, “You ever fire a weapon before?”
Charles took the rifle from Tim. “I will have you know I was a member of the Oxford shooting club.” He chambered a round and put the weapon on safe and then, slinging the rifle on his back, he climbed down into the launch.
Tim and Jiro followed, and they rowed to the beach. When they landed on the beach, Charles and Tim dragged it further up, then they headed inland towards the resort with Tim in the lead and Charles and Jiro covering his flanks. As they reached the top of the beach, what they saw stopped them in their tracks.
There ahead of them on the beach was a woman on her knees with her back to them. She was rocking back and forth wailing. Next to her were four fresh graves. Tim looked around as he slowly approached her, “Excuse me Ma’am are you okay?”
She jumped up and turned to face them. “Where did you come from?” She was holding a butcher knife in her hand, but in her high heels and formal dress she looked out of place. If it had been in different circumstances Tim would have laughed
Tim held up his hand, palms facing her. “We’re not here to harm you. We just came for some water.” Then Tim pointed at the sailboat in the harbor.
“Get it and go,” she told them as she dropped to her knees and began to cry again.
The three men stood there looked at each other. The woman turned her head suddenly. “Leave! Get your water and just leave.”
The trio eyed the woman cautiously but honored her wishes. They continued to the resort and found what they were looking for. They also found one of the resort’s ATVs and loaded it with as many cases as they could fit before returning to the beach. The lady was still there mourning.
Tim told the others to load the water in the launch and he walked over to where the woman was sitting. He eyed the lady for a few moments. She was in her late thirties evidently wealthy from the dress and string of pearls around her neck. She looked completely out of place here on the beach with her pale skin and refined looks. Tim cleared his throat. “Ma’am, you should come with us.”
“I can’t leave my children,” she said without looking at him.
Tim walked around and kneeled in front of her. “You have done all you can for them, they are in peace now. Come with us and you can start a new life.” He reached out to her and smiled.
She stared at him for a minute with her piercing blue eyes and then slowly she reached out and took his hand. As they stood together and she dropped her knife then stepped forward into Tim’s arms and put her head on his shoulder and cried. After she had calmed down some, he walked her to the launch and helped her get seated and once she was settled they rowed back to the sailboat.
John helped them on board. “Our merry little band just keeps getting bigger and bigger.”
Once they were all on deck, the women stood in front of the group watching them. Finally Tim pulled Asa close and whispered, “Take her below and get her something to eat. She lost all her children in the plague and she is not taking it well.”
Asa nodded and turned to the woman. “Hi, my name is Asa. We are so happy to meet you.”
The woman stared at her for a second and then said, “Nice to meet you Asa, I am Meredith Weatherly.” After a short pause she added, “My husband was the British Ambassador to the Philippines.”
“Nice to meet you, Meredith, would you like something to eat?” Asa asked. “Why don’t you come below and I can make you something.” Asa led Meredith down to the galley as the men loaded the water aboard and secured the launch. “Let’s get out of here quickly.” Tim said looking over at Charles. “The more distance we put between us and this place the better for Meredith.”
Charles agreed and they weighed anchor. Thirty minutes later they were sailing under clear skies. It was pleasant sailing and once again they were making good time. Asa and Meredith stayed below most of the afternoon talking while the other busied themselves on deck. Just before the sun went down the women finally came on deck. Tim was having a smoke on the bow when they walked up. Meredith looked over at him. “Can I get a one of those from you?”
Tim pulled out a cigarette and lit it for her.
“Asa is charming, you are a lucky man,” she said as she took the cigarette from him.
“Thanks, how are you doing? Feeling any better?”
Meredith closed her eyes and said, “Our whole world is gone. Frankly I don’t know how you people are coping with it.” Then she opened her eyes and took another drag from the cigarette.
“One day at a time.”
Meredith stared at him for moment, then smiled. “An optimist; I would not have expected that from a professional soldier.”
“Not really an optimist, just a realist .If we dwell on what we have lost, we die. I prefer to look forward to the future. The challenge to rebuild is exhilarating.”
“Perhaps, but I have lost everything I have never done well on my own.”
“Well you are not alone now. You are part of us now.”
Tim smiled and Meredith smiled back and said, “Thanks. I think I like the sound of that.”
He turned and left her standing there and walked over to Charles. “She is going to need a lot of time to cope.”
“She may never cope,” Charles told him stepping closer to Tim. “Her world is gone and she might not like the one that’s left.”
Tim nodded and then went over to where Asa was standing. “Keep an eye on her. She is going to need a lot of support.”
“I will,” Asa said and she kissed him before heading to the bow.
Asa had Meredith go below with her and together they prepared dinner. They all ate in the galley together that night, each of them sharing some of their experiences over the last two weeks. Slowly the group broke up and went to bed. Jiro took the first watch at the wheel while the rest slept.
***
In the morning when they gathered for breakfast, Meredith was still in bed.
Asa went to wake her but could not rouse her. Finally she noticed that she was not breathing. She checked her and found she held a bottle of painkillers in her hand. Then she discovered the note on her pillow.
“Thank you for being so kind to me but I just can’t live in this new world. My husband and children are gone and I have nothing left to live for. Goodbye.”
Asa walked back to the others and put the pill bottle and note on the table, then she turned and without a word went up on deck. Charles picked up the note and read it to the group and they all sat there silently. After a few minutes Tim got up and joined Asa on deck, while Charles and Jiro went to where Meredith lay. After wrapping her in her sheet, they carried her up on deck where they all gathered together at the stern.
Asa said a prayer in Japanese and then Charles stepped forward. “None of us know Meredith well, but she seemed like a decent woman, a good mother and a loving wife. The plague took everything from her and no one can blame her for wanting to join her family. We commend her body to the sea in the hope of a better life in the hereafter.”
They all said, “Amen” and then John and Jiro let her body slide over the side into the ocean. They stood there in silence for a few minutes and slowly, one by one, they drifted to different parts of the boat without speaking. For the rest of the day no one talked; there was nothing to say that would make sense of it anyway.


Chapter 10
They continued to travel south and the days began to roll by with nothing but the endless sea and the wind. Charles kept up with the sailing lessons and he would bark out commands, constantly having them tighten a rope or make fast a loose line. Several times a day he would tack or jib and the crew would spring to life. As they approached the northern coast of Sabah, Charles finally seemed pleased with their progress.
“You’re all doing rather well, mates. Perhaps we can take the America’s Cup this year,” Charles remarked after they had finished a particularly good tack.
Tim smiled at Charles. “If you want to go and fetch the cup from Boston, be my guest. But last I heard Boston was a smoking hole in the ground.”
Charles frowned. “Pity, I would have loved to have it sitting on my hearth.”
The days continued to roll by as they fell into a good routine. The men rotated through the watches and Asa kept them fed. More importantly they were making excellent time. One day Charles came down after his watch and called Tim and John over. “We should be off the coast of Malaysia by tomorrow. I recommend that we put in at the Royal Brunei Yacht Club for water and supplies.”
He pulled a chart over and pointed to a small harbor.
Tim looked at the map where Charles was pointing. “That sounds good to me. It will be nice to be on dry land for a bit.”
“Tim, if things look okay, perhaps we can stay a day or two?” John asked.
Charles nodded. “It is a very well protected harbor with a good pier. We could tie up at the end and that way anyone wishing to do us harm would have to come down it to get at us.”
“Sounds good,” Tim agreed. “We could scout the area for anything we can use.”
Asa leaned on Tim’s shoulder. “And I can go shopping!”
Tim pulled her into his lap. “I think we might be able to arrange that, young lady.”
***
Mid-morning the next day, they rounded Labuan Island and entered the bay where they dropped the sail. Charles, using the small outboard motor, expertly navigated to the pier where Jiro and John tied them off. Tim came on deck and called everyone together. “No one goes anywhere alone, no one goes anywhere unarmed.”
John and Charles held up their M16s and jumped onto the pier. “We’re going to scout around a bit. We’ll bring back some water.”
Jiro looked over at Tim. “I go with them, okay?”
“Sure. Just try to be careful, no stupid mistakes,” Tim said and looking over at John added, “You take care of them.”
John waved and the three headed down the pier. Asa came on deck wearing her new bathing suit. She had cut her blue jeans into shorts and had a bag on her shoulder.
“And where is your weapon, young lady?” Tim asked.
“I have you, so why do I need a weapon?” She told him as she stepped onto the pier.
Tim grabbed his M16 then jumped down next to her and they followed the others down the pier. When they reached the end, they stopped. John and his group were standing there trying to decide where to go.
John looked at Charles and asked, “Which way?”
“The clubhouse is this way,” Charles told him. “We should find water there and perhaps some food.”
The three started to head off as Tim called to Charles. “Which way is it to the shops?”
Charles pointed off in the opposite direction.
“Guess we’re on our own, baby,” Tim said and they headed off in the direction Charles had pointed. About a quarter mile later they were standing in front of the club shops. Tim put a hand on Asa’s shoulder holding her back as he moved forward. “Let me go first.”
He brought his M16 up and pushed open the door. It was dark inside, the power was out and it was humid and warm. Tim pulled out his Maglite and switched it on. He scanned the room, nothing was moving so he motioned for Asa to follow.
***
The others had reached the clubhouse and John opened the door and peered in. Satisfied it was clear, he entered and called to the others. They went in and turned on their flashlights. Scanning the room they saw several dead bodies.
Charles said, “It looks like they had quite a soiree.”
As their eyes adjusted to the dim light, Charles spotted the bar and headed towards it. The others followed him and Charles went around the counter. He put a towel over his arm waiter-style and smiled. “And what will you gentlemen be having today.”
“Give me a scotch on the rocks!” John demanded.
Jiro slapped the bar, “Sake!”
Charles frowned. “I am sorry gentlemen, but I am afraid we just out of ice, and sake too, oh dear me.”
John smiled. “Just give me something wet.”
Charles poured them all a drink and then toasted to their good health. Then Charles grabbed a box and started to fill it with full bottles of liquor. He knelt down behind the bar and was looking under the counter when he popped up holding two bottles, “Jiro my good man, providence is smiling on you.”
He placed two bottles of sake on the bar. Then he dropped back down and came up with two more. By the time he was done eight bottles of Ginjo sake sat in front of Jiro.
Jiro went to the back and got a box, carefully filling it with the bottles of sake. Then they searched the store room and found several cases of bottled water and a couple of hand carts. They loaded the water and topped it with their spoils. They had just started for door when John saw something move outside. “Everyone freeze!” John hissed as he crouched down and the others followed suit.
“What you see Cutter-san?” Jiro asked in a whisper.
John squinted, trying to see outside the window. “I don’t know, I thought I saw something moving out there.”
John edged a bit closer to the door and looked out. He scanned the area, but could see nothing. Then he laughed as he stood turning to the others. “Must just be my imagination playing tricks on me.” He had taken only one step back towards his cart when the glass door behind him exploded as a tiger jumped through it knocking John to the floor, his M16 skittering away to his right. Jiro and Charles jumped back at the sight of the tiger. This was the last thing any of them had expected.
John was on this face with his hands over his head with the tiger above him about to bite when Jiro fired his shotgun hitting the tiger full in the side. It roared in pain as it turned on its attacker. The tiger sprang at Jiro who tried to back away and then Charles let a burst go from his M16 catching the tiger in its rear hind quarter. John recovered from the initial shock of the attack and rolled over to where his M16 had stopped. He came up to a kneeling firing position but Jiro was between him and the tiger.
The burst from Charles had slowed the beast and it had begun breathing heavily, blood dripping from its mouth. Jiro slowly backed away keeping his shotgun pointed at the tiger. The tiger roared and then sprang at him and Jiro fired again, this time he hit the tiger square in the face. The OO buck shot tore the tigers face apart and it fell to the ground coming to rest a mere foot away. Charles fired another burst into its side and the tiger lay still.
John stood and looked over at the big cat. “Holy shit! I never saw that coming!”
They all surrounded the tiger and looked down. Man had always been the top predator; now he would have to fight to keep that title. They grabbed their carts and quickly headed back to the ship. They wanted to tell the Tim about their encounter.
***
Back at the shops Asa and Tim were looking at the clothes. Asa had picked out a couple dresses and some blue jeans. She shopped around without a care as Tim kept watch, and she had almost filled her cart when they heard the gunfire.
They crouched and waited, then came more gunfire. Tim looked over to Asa, “The others are in trouble, let’s move.”
They went to the door and looked out, but Tim could see nothing moving. He motioned for Asa to come over and he pulled his side arm out. Easing the slide back he loaded a round in it and handed it to her. “Now just remember what I taught you, just point center mass and squeeze the trigger.”
She took the pistol and nodded, waiting for his orders. Tim went out and started in the direction of the gun fire with Asa right behind him. When they had gotten half way back to the pier they saw the others walking leisurely to the pier. Tim stopped and fired three rounds into the air, and they stopped and looked at him. John waved and Tim waved back, “Guess they can take care of themselves.”
“Well if they’re OK, then let’s go back and get my stuff,” Asa said as she turned back to the shops. Tim followed her and after they had retrieved her stuff they started back to the pier. When they arrived they found the others drinking, each holding a bottle and toasting each other’s hunting skills. Asa and Tim stared at each other then back at them.
John smiled at them. “What? Didn’t you kill a tiger today, too?”
Tim and Asa sat down as the others regaled them with their tale. As they consumed more liquor, their tales grew wilder and wilder until even they could not tell fact from fiction. Tim did not care, he was just glad they were okay.
Tim grabbed the cart Asa had used to bring her stuff. “Come on and help me with something.” She followed him and he led her to the clubhouse where the others had killed the tiger. Tim found it just inside the door, and with Asa standing watch, he cut several large steaks from the tiger and put them in the cart. They returned to the boat where Asa cooked a grand meal of tiger steaks. They drank and ate till late into the night while Tim stood watch over them. Tim refused to drink, saying that one of them should stay sober.
He stood watch that night and Asa would come periodically to bring him coffee. The next morning the others awoke with horrible hangovers. Asa brought them coffee and aspirin. Tim smiled looking from face to face and said loudly, “At least some things haven’t changed.”
The others just groaned.
***
Over the next two days they scouted the immediate area, this time always going as a group. They found a small grocery and took all the canned goods they could find, and finally on the evening of the second day Tim called Charles over to the chart table.
“We’re here,” he said pointing at the chart. “I figure that we can sail along the coast until we get to the end here, the northern tip of Borneo.”
Charles nodded approvingly.
“That is where I see two choices. Across to Singapore or down to this gap here.” He pointed at the map near the city of Jakarta. “Charles, you have sailed these water haven’t you?”
“Yes, many times,” Charles told him. “But I would not risk the open ocean until you and the others have had a little more practice. You are coming along quite well, but I need to know you can do this without me in case something should happen to me.”
Tim nodded as Charles continued. “Let us make for Singapore. They have a lovely Yacht Club there we could stop at. Then we could go through this channel to the west.” He traced his finger between the two sections of Malaysia.
“Agreed, we leave tomorrow then,” Tim said and then turned and went on deck where he found Asa on the bow watching the last of the golden rays of the sun form into an unbelievable sunset. He sat down behind her and wrapped his arms around her and she sank back into his chest and smiled.
“We leave tomorrow,” Tim said taking in the smell of her hair. “Charles and I have decided to make for Singapore.”
“That sounds wonderful. I have always wanted to visit there.” Tim laughed. “You sound like we are on a vacation.”
“When I am with you it feels that way,” Asa said leaning into him. “You make me feel safe.”
“Well just don’t get too complacent,” Tim chided. “Remember what happened to the others. There are plenty of hazards out there.
“I have every confidence you will deal with them,” she told him dismissively.
“Don’t make me out to be a superhero,” Tim said looking away. “I am just a guy trying to survive.”
“You are selling yourself short, Tim.” She reached up and with her finger, drew his gaze back to her. “Look what you have done so far.”
Tim looked in her eyes. “With the help of the others, remember, we are a team. I could not have done any of this on my own.”
“Perhaps, but you are still my superhero,” she said playfully and then she smiled and closed her eyes, resting in Tim’s arms.


Chapter 11
The next morning they said goodbye to the Royal Brunei Yacht Club and sailed east along the coast of Malaysia. Charles redoubled his training and he had the crew hopping. Each day he added something new and drilled them until he was satisfied with their progress. By the time they reached Borneo even Tim was impressed, he actually felt like a real sailor.
Tim walked over to the large map of the world that Charles had on the wall of the main cabin. He scanned the Far East until he located their position, then he traced the route across the Indian Ocean around the tip of Africa and then north through the eastern Atlantic to Spain. He shook his head. “It’s been four weeks since the outbreak of the plague and we’re still a long way from our destination.”
John walked over to the map and stood next to Tim. “Let’s just take it one stage at a time. Each day is taking us farther from the radiation. Let’s just hope our luck holds and the crossing to Singapore is uneventful.”
Tim scratched at his chin. “Charles said the crossing would take three or four days. Tomorrow we will be in open seas for the first time. We won’t have the coastline to follow any more.”
John patted Tim’s shoulder. “Charles has taught us well, we shouldn’t have any problem with the crossing.”
“Let’s hope so,” Tim said, silently praying that everything would go smoothly.
Over the next three days Tim, with the help of Charles, tested his navigation skills, and on the evening of the third day they saw the lights of Singapore. They were still burning brightly as Asa pointed at them. “Isn’t it beautiful, Tim?”
“Yes, I hope it is as peaceful as it looks.” Tim was cut short as he noticed that some of the lights were approaching them from the harbor. He called for the others to come topside. When the other boat was about a quarter mile away it started firing at them with a machine gun.
“They’re firing at us,” John yelled as he manned the crew-served weapon on the bow.
Asa went below and put all the lights out as Charles brought the boat about and headed away as fast as the wind would take her. He called out commands and the crew obeyed instantly. They tightened a line here and loosened another there as Charles squeezed every ounce of speed out of the sails. He kept changing course trying to throw off their pursuers.
Their luck held and they lost their pursuers in the night darkness.
***
The next morning found them navigating the narrow passage between Palau Islands and Sungai Apit as they made their way slowly north. Tim turned to Charles. “Who the hell were those guys?”
“My guess is they are bloody pirates,” Charles told him coldly. “They used to haunt these waters before the plague. I can only surmise some must have survived and are continuing their old nasty habits.”
“Well that’s just great,” Tim said with disgust. “The whole world has gone to hell and these ass hats want to help it on its way.”
“They will more than likely be looking for us,” Charles advised. “Perhaps even in the channel ahead. We need to come up with a plan.”
“I’m sure your right. Let’s find a cove to hide in,” Tim told him.
They made anchor in a small inlet and discussed what they should do. It boiled down to two options: try to sneak by at night, hoping to luck; or fight.
Charles was the first to comment. “There is not much cover once we leave these islands. By daybreak I fear we would be spotted and pursued.”
“What about a trap?” Tim asked. “We could lure them into the strait here and ambush them.” He pointed at the passage ahead.
John looked at the chart. “That could go badly for either side.”
“I know,” Tim said, sitting down. John was right, they could set an ambush and if things went wrong they would all die. He looked over at Asa, and a moment of doubt crossed his mind. Should they risk it? Finally he stood. “I need time to think.”
He went up on deck and lit a smoke. Tim stared into the water, his mind running through different scenarios, all seeming to end badly. What were they going to do? His mind raced around him. Their luck it seemed had deserted them. After a few minutes he finished his cigarette and tossed the butt in the water. Then he joined the others below.
“I know it is a huge risk, but we have to fight,” he told them flatly. “If we take the fight to them at least we have the advantage of choosing when and where.”
John nodded. “It is risky, Tim, but you’re right. If we try to escape, they will just run us down.”
Charles nodded. “I agree. What do you propose?”
Tim laid his plan out while the others listened. When he finished he paused, looking at each of them questioning them with his eyes. It was John who spoke first. “It’s brilliant! They won’t know what hit them.”
Jiro nodded. “Yes, I think your plan is good, Tim-san.”
Charles looked up at Tim. “I have a question or two for you about the approach, but other than that it is a good plan.”
Asa sat quietly looking down at the table, then stood and walked over to Tim. She looked up into his eyes and he could see the tears welling there. “I don’t know much about fighting, so I will have to defer to the judgment of you men. Just don’t get yourself killed.”
She buried her face in Tim’s chest and let her tears fall as the other went on deck and checked their weapons. After a few minutes Tim came on deck with a large duffle bag. “I was saving this for a rainy day.”
He unzipped the bag and pulled out an M32 grenade launcher. He held it up and then opened the breech, loaded a grenade into it, and closed it. Aiming off the front of the boat he pulled the trigger and there was a thump. About four hundred meters away it exploded and Tim turned to the others and smiled lowering the weapon. “That should do the trick.”
John handed out chest armor and helmets to everyone, and Tim walked over to each of them checking their gear. When he was satisfied, he gave Charles the order to get going. Charles started the motor and navigated into the channel, then ordered the others to raise the sail. As they picked up speed, they rounded the point and entered the main channel. Across the way, they saw the enemy boat moving along the opposite shore.
They were instantly spotted by the pirates, who changed course and headed directly towards them.
Tim yelled to Charles, “Plot a course that will put us on an angled trajectory with the pirates.”
Charles quickly did, and they all watched as the pirates slowly gained on them. The pirates were sure of themselves; last night the sailboat had just fled and had not fired a single shot back. The pirates figured them to be unarmed and that was their undoing.
Tim watched from his hiding place on the opposite side to the sailboat as they closed the gap. John and Jiro hid under tarps covering the two machine guns, waiting for Tim’s signal to spring the trap.
As the pirates closed to within a three hundred meters, they fired a burst in front of the sailboat. Charles followed their plan and started to lower the sails, feigning surrender. When the pirates had closed to two hundred meters, Tim sprang the trap.
Tim fired the grenade launcher from his position on the opposite side of the sailboat. He was out of view of the pirates, and with their motor running, they never even heard the report until it was too late. The M32 fired two rounds a second; Tim fired all six rounds. When they were gone he quickly reloaded, and before the first round landed, the second volley was on the way.
The first three rounds missed, landing just off the front of the pirate boat, but the last three found their mark. Three loud explosions rocked the vessel, and this was John and Jiro’s cue. They pulled back the tarps covering their machine guns and opened fire on the pirates. Jiro’s bullets cut down the bow of the pirate’s ship as John strafed the deck.
By the time the second volley from Tim’s launcher landed, the pirates were in complete disarray. Half of them were dead and the others were trying to figure out what went wrong. Tim’s second volley hit its mark and the cabin on the boat exploded as well as the forward machine gun, then fire broke out on the deck as the remaining pirates jumped overboard. John and Jiro finished them off with their machine guns.
Tim jumped up, dropped his launcher and yelled, “Cease fire, cease fire!”
Jiro and John did so but kept their weapons trained on the ship. The whole thing had lasted less than a minute. Tim grabbed his shotgun and surveyed the carnage as Asa came on deck and ran to where Tim was standing, tears running down her face. “Is it over? I was so scared. Are you all right?”
Tim put one arm around her, still holding his shotgun in the other pointing it at the pirate ship. “I’m fine. Go check on the others.”
Tim yelled to Charles, “Get us over there, we’ll check for survivors and then get out of here.”
Charles quickly motored alongside the pirate vessel. There was a small fire aft and one where the forward machine gun used to be. Five dead pirates lay on the deck and three more floated in the sea.
Tim yelled over his shoulder, “Boarding party, the rest stay here and keep those machine guns ready.”
He and John jumped over to the pirate’s ship and searched for survivors. As John checked the men on deck, Tim went below and carefully looked around. He found nothing moving and was turning to leave when heard a noise coming from behind one of the cabin doors. He slowly walked up to the doors with his shotgun ready to fire. He paused in front of the door and then kicked it open.
There, lying on the floor was a man with his hands tied behind his back, gagged and blindfolded. Tim knelt down and removed his gag.
“Bugger you!” the man said as soon as his gag was out of his mouth.
Tim quickly removed the blindfold and the man blinked and then stared at him, “Bugger me, you’re not one of them, are you, mate?”
Tim helped him to his feet. The man was about six feet tall and Tim estimated his age around his. Tim’s eyes met the man’s blue eyes as he pulled his knife and cut the bonds that held the man’s hand. “No, I’m one of the good guys. Time for chit-chat later, we need to leave.”
He grabbed the man by the arm and pushed him in front of him. The man stumbled up the stairs and onto the deck. John held his weapon on him and then saw that Tim was right behind. He called out to Tim, “They’re all dead up here.”
Tim nodded. “I found this one tied up below. Let’s get back to our boat and get out of here.”
John helped the captive onto the sail-boat and then Tim jumped back onto their boat. Tim looked over to Charles. “Get us out of here.”
Charles backed away from the burning vessel as Jiro and John raised sail. Soon they were heading straight up the channel. Tim took the man below and sat him down. He handed his shotgun to Asa and pulled his side arm out.
Tim gave the man a hard look. “Who are you and what were you doing on that boat?”
The man looked up at him and rubbed his wrists. “Half a mo, can I have some water first?”
Tim motioned to Asa and she brought him some bottled water.
“I am still waiting for an answer,” Tim said in an inpatient tone.
“My name is Jase Anderson. I was a prisoner on that ship, mate,” the man explained as he ran his hand through his long blond hair.
“Why didn’t they just kill you?” Tim asked.
Jase took a drink of water. “Because I’m a doctor; they needed me.”
Tim smiled as he lowered his gun. Perhaps their luck wasn’t running out. He called the others down below and they all sat down. When they had settled down Tim spoke. “This is Jase Anderson. Why don’t you tell us your story?”
Jase looked around the table at the others. “Who are you blokes, and more importantly, who’s the Sheila!”
Tim gave the introductions. “Well, this is Jiro Kinjo, that guy on the end with the grin is John Cutter, and the Sheila is with me, her name is Asa. The ‘bloke’ at the wheel is Charles Sung, and my name is Tim Hartmann.”
Jase smiled at Tim. “No offense mate, just checking. I’m right pleased to meet all you.” He took a drink and then continued. “Well, I came down here about a year ago with Australian Volunteers International. I had a banging practice in Sydney but wanted to see some of the world, you know, take a bit of a holiday. Then the world fell off its trolley and I was up by my britches with sick kids. Well, I couldn’t do a thing for ‘em. It was wanked. When everyone else died I just wandered around for a few days trying to get a grip.”
He finished he water and looked at Tim. “You blokes got a durry?”
Tim looked over at John who just shrugged his shoulders.
“You know, a fag, a ciggy?” Jase explained.
Tim nodded and gave him his pack.
“Thanks, mate, I have been dying for one of those,” Jase said as he pulled one out and lit it, “Anyway, I’m on the pier drinking a slab of Redback when these nogs show up and pinch me. Well I went with them as they had the guns. They beat me right good and asked me what I was doing there. When I told them I was a doctor. They tied me up and made me go with them.”
He took a deep drag and then finished, “Then this morning you blokes take them out and here I am.”
Tim picked up the pack of cigarettes then pulled a smoke out and lit it, “You’re welcome to join us or we will let you off at our next port of call.”
“If it’s all the same with you, I’ll join you up with you, mates,” Jase said smiling.
John smiled and offered his hand. “Well we could sure use a doctor. Tim likes to take us on adventures from time to time.”
Asa related Jase’s story to Jiro and he bowed. “Welcome Jase-san.”
Asa smiled. “We are pleased to have you join us, Doctor.”
“Just call me Jase, love.” John went on deck and told Charles what had transpired and then relieved him so he could meet the newcomer. Charles went down and introduced himself and then they all came on deck.
Charles walked over to Tim. “What next?”
“We continue with the plan. Where can we make port?” Charles thought about it then said, “We could make for the port in Palau Pinang. There are several clubs there for foreigners and they will have bottled water and canned food.”
“That sounds good,” Tim said. “How long till we can get there?”
“I figure four days with good weather. “Tim nodded and went over to tell the others. When he got below Jase walked over to Tim. “I guess you’re the bloke that’s in charge here, hey mate?”
“Not really,” Tim explained. “We discuss things together and make group decisions. I just try to keep things moving along. If you have a problem with something just let me know.”
“No worries, mate, just asking.” Jase grinned at him and Tim slapped him on the shoulder, then he joined Asa at the table. “That was good luck to find a real doctor.”
Asa took him by the hand and led him back on deck. They walked to the bow and Tim put his arms around her. She leaned into him and kissed him. “This boat is getting crowded, we won’t have any privacy soon, lover.” She smiled up at him and then looked out into the sea. “What do you think we will find out there?”
Tim looked out at the sea ahead of them. “I don’t know, Asa, but we’ll find it together.” Tim held her close as the waves rolled by.


Chapter 12
As they sailed to Palau Pinang, Tim helped Jase settle in. He showed Jase their supply of medical equipment and he was impressed. “I want you to take charge of all medical situations. You let me know if you need anything.”
“I won’t let you down, Tim,” Jase told him, and then added, “To start with I would like to start training Asa as a nurse.”
Tim nodded. “I think she would like that. Start making a wish list of medical supplies, too. We’ll look for items when we make port. I also need you to make a trauma kit as you will be our combat medic too.”
“Combat medic?” Jase said surprised. “I have never fired a gun before, mate.”
“I hope you won’t have to.” But I will need you to come with us when we go out.”
Jase nodded in understanding. “I will get a kit together right away, mate.”
“Good, you just worry about the medic part and I will take care of the combat.” On the morning of the fourth day, they pulled up to the pier on Penang Island and gathered on the deck. Charles was the first to speak. “There is a lovely club here called the Equatorial. I believe it will be our best bet.”
Tim nodded. “Sounds good, we will split into two groups. Recon party will be me as lead scout, Jase as medic, and Charles as rear guard. Jiro, John and Asa stay on board to protect the boat.”
Asa started to complain, but Jiro held his hand up and spoke to her in Japanese. Asa relented and started to go below, but Tim pulled her over to him and kissed her. “This is going to be hard enough without having to worry about you, honey. Please stay here and look after the others, they do tend to get into trouble.”
“Come back quickly, my love,” she said and then stepped back with the others.
Tim grinned. “Be back before you know it.”
The recon party headed out in the morning sun with Charles guiding them up the streets to where he remembered the club being. It was just over a mile and pretty much a straight shot from the pier, and it only took them about an hour to get there. They jumped the fence surrounding the golf course and surveyed the area.
Jase looked around. “I wish we had time for a round, this course is bloody beautiful, mate.”
“No time for that now, wait till we get to France,” Tim snapped irritably.
Tim looked across the grassy field to the building beyond. He tapped Charles on the shoulder and pointed. “Is that our objective?”
Charles shook his head, “No, that is the club house, the Equatorial is beyond that.” Then he pointed to another building in the distance.
“Right, let’s move.” Keeping low, they crossed the six hundred meters to the clubhouse. They paused and then skirted the building till they faced their goal, The Equatorial. It had been a deluxe hotel and resort for wealthy foreigners but now it was deserted, except for the bodies lying here and there. They followed the drive around till they reached the entrance. When they arrived they found several golf carts sitting there. Tim assumed they were for ferrying the hotel guests to and from the course.
Tim pointed at them. “That will be our mode of transport back.”
The others nodded and Tim entered the doors. Inside the power was off and the humidity and heat were bad, but tolerable. They made their way back to the bar area and located the cooler. That was when Tim noticed something and it made him drop to one knee and bring his rifle up. Charles quickly followed suit.
Jase looked around nervously and asked, “What is it, mate?”
“We’re not alone,” Tim said as he pointed to a pile of wrappers and an open beer. There was a half-eaten sandwich on a plate. Tim reached down and touched the bread, it was soft. None of them moved as Tim continued to scan the area.
Charles said, “We should leave now.”
After a moment Tim nodded. “I agree. Let’s move.”
They slowly started to back out of the room when suddenly gunfire erupted and the wall next to Charles exploded in a shower of broken marble. Tim swung around and acquired his target, a man holding an AK47. He was twenty-five meters away and Tim put a burst center mass. The man fell back as Tim saw three more men coming out of the foyer. Tim made a tactical retreat, signaling the others to follow. They quickly entered the kitchen where it was pitch black.
“Jase, get behind me,” Tim yelled. Then he tapped Charles on the shoulder. “Kill anything that comes through that door.”
Charles trained his weapon on the door as Jase squatted behind the two men. They waited for what seemed like an eternity before the door slowly began to open. Light from the outer windows streamed into the kitchen. Then a silhouette appeared and Charles tightened his grip as he slowly squeezed the trigger of his M16. A burst tore into the man’s chest and he fell, jamming the door open.
Tim threw a grenade through the open door and waited. There was some confused yelling then a loud explosion. Tim was up instantly and running to the door, he fired a burst through the opening and in a crouch, went out. The others heard sporadic gunfire then all was quiet.
After what seemed to be an eternity, Charles heard Tim’s labored voice, “Jase, Charles! Get out here now!”
The two ran to where Tim was on the floor, leaning against the bar. He was holding his right leg, which was bleeding badly. Jase yelled at Charles to put pressure on it and opened his bag. He pulled out some Celox-A and some bandages. Tearing open the bag he injected the Celox deep in the wound. “Take this and put pressure on the wound, mate.”
Charles took the gauze and placed it over the wound and pushed down. Tim winced in pain and slammed his fist on the ground. “Damn it! Of all the rat fucked luck!” He bit his lip and looked at Jase.
“It could have been worse, mate,” Jase said trying to console him. “Would you rather have a bloody chest wound?”
Tim shook his head. “We need to get out of here before more people come. Someone is bound to have heard all that.”
Charles looked at him. “I am afraid we still need water. We cannot go on without it.”
Tim thought about for a second then said, “All right then! Get me to one of those carts, and then cover Jase while he loads them up.”
Jase had Charles remove his hand and he inspected the wound. “Looks good, the bleeding has stopped, mate. Let’s get a dressing on it.”
“Asa is going to kill me.” Jase smiled. “I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes mate.”
They helped Tim to one of the carts and ran back in. After making two trips, the carts were full and their little convoy started back to the boat. Charles was in the lead with Tim coming up the rear. Charles wove back and forth between abandoned cars as they made their way back to the pier. It was slow going as the carts were not made for speed. Tim only hoped they could get back before anything else went wrong.
Finally they could see the mast of their yacht, and knew they were almost home. They rolled up and Charles jumped out. “Get down here quick! I am afraid Tim has been injured.”
Asa came on deck and saw Tim limping over with Jase’s help. Jase and Charles helped Tim on board while John and Jiro loaded the water. They took Tim below and Asa followed. When they got him seated, Tim looked over at Charles. “Get us the hell out of here!”
Charles ran back on deck and started to give commands. Then they heard the gunfire, a small group of men were coming down the street firing at them. John ran on deck and manned the aft machine gun. He opened up on the crowd with the M60 and the men scattered. Charles was motoring away from the dock and into the channel, the sails caught the wind and the boat began to move faster. John put a few more bursts down the street, but nothing moved. He continued to watch until the city faded from sight.
Below, Jase and Asa were tending to Tim’s leg. Tears streamed down Asa’s face as Jase uncovered the wound to get a better look. “Hold this light, love!”
She obeyed and Jase poured water over the wound washing away the clotted blood. He went to a cabinet and pulled out some equipment and went back to the table. Ripping open one of the bags, he pulled out some forceps and inserted them into the hole and Tim winced as the end penetrated his leg. Jase dug around for a few seconds then stopped. He manipulated the forceps and then clamped down and slowly he removed the bullet. “There, that wasn’t so bad, mate.”
Tim just gritted his teeth.
Then he opened another bag and laid the contents on the table. He pulled out a syringe and a small bottle. Then he drew a dose from it and injected it into Tim’s leg. “That should fix you up, mate.” He waited a few moments, then inspected the wound again. He cleaned it up with some Betadine and stitched the hole closed. Finally, he redressed the wound. “There you go mate. I’ll send you my bill.”
“Thanks, Jase,” Tim said as he sat up.
Asa helped Tim to his bunk, glaring at him the whole time. Charles told John, Jiro and Asa what had happened. She quickly turned to Tim. “Are you trying to make me gray before my eighteenth birthday?”
“No and I am sorry,” Tim told her sheepishly.
Then Asa turned to Charles. “And where were you while he was getting shot?”
Charles held is arms out. “I am sorry, my dear, but your man moved so fast that I had no time to respond.”
“He’s right, love, Tim shot out of there like a man possessed,” Jase added. “Before we could react it was bloody over.”
Asa spun around to face Tim. “You should have waited for the others. If you had been killed with your little stunt they more than likely would have been killed too.”
Tim looked at her and knew she was right. “Sorry, I am used to acting first and being aggressive. From now on I will be more cautious.”
“See that you do,” Asa said through her tears, and then she buried her head in his chest.
***
It took them six days to reach Pulo Aceh on the northwestern coast of Malaysia. Tim’s leg was still too weak for him to walk around on his own so Asa would help him get up on deck for fresh air and then back to his bed. The entire time she gave him grief for taking chances. The others were glad it was him and not them that she was upset with.
As they reached the open ocean, Charles looked over his shoulder and watched as the land faded quickly from view. “Well, that is that. Next stop Sri Lanka.”
Sri Lanka was roughly one thousand miles away and it would take about sixteen days to make the crossing with nothing but open water around them. The others busied themselves as best they could. Jase inventoried the medical supplies and noted what equipment he would want to scavenge. John cleaned his weapons and then spent the majority of the time sunning on the bow. He told everyone he was looking to achieve the perfect killer tan.
Jiro and Asa practiced karate together when she wasn’t tending to Tim. When Jiro was not working with Asa, he would relieve Charles from time to time. He was beginning to become quite the sailor and Charles was grateful for the rest. Charles mainly sailed the boat, often calling out to others walking on deck to tighten a line or stow something that was rolling around. He confided in Tim that it helped him forget the loss of his family.
Tim spent most of his time being pissed at himself for getting shot. He hated being a burden to anyone. Charles kept telling him not to be so hard on himself, saying that he had saved them from those killers.
And so their days went by, one by one, each member trying to keep busy in their own way.
On the morning of the fifteenth day, they heard Jiro yell out, “Hoi! Land!”
And there it was, they had made it across the Indian Ocean and were approaching Sri Lanka. Tim limped up on deck and Asa ran to his side. “You should not be walking on your own.”
“I’m not walking, I’m limping,” Tim told her, grinning.
She hit his arm and he feigned pain while the others laughed. Charles and John walked over. “I’m glad to see you on your feet, old boy.”
“Well, I won’t be dancing any time soon, but I am feeling better.” He moved his leg up and down as Jase walked up.
“How’s my patient today?”
“Stiff and sore, but no worse for the wear,” Tim said flexing his leg.
Jase looked at him approvingly. “Then let’s get you below. I want to change that bandage and look at your stitches, mate.”
Jase and Asa helped Tim below, and the others stayed on deck watching the coastline loom larger and larger. John walked over to Charles. “It will be nice to get on land again. I am not cut out for this sailing. I thought it would be like flying but it’s not.”
Charles nodded. “I used to get airsick when I flew. At least you do not get seasick.”
John laughed. “It’s not for the lack of trying. It took me a week or so before I stopped wanting to heave all the time.”
Charles clapped him on the back. “I think we will make a fine sailor of you yet, John. You have adapted quickly.”
“Thanks,” John said. “Now let’s maintain this course and make anchor tonight off the coast. Then we can make our plans after dinner.”
Charles nodded, and John went to the bow for one last tanning session. That night they made anchor several miles off the coast. They ate dinner and after the dishes had been cleared away, John laid a map on the table. “We need to decide our next move.”
Charles glanced over at Tim who was sitting on his bed. “Tim, did you have any plans?”
“Not really. My plan was just to get there,” Tim told them, and then he looked at Charles. “Have you sailed these waters before?”
“Only once and when I was much younger,” Charles told him. “I do seem to recall a nice harbor here.” He pointed at the southern end of the island. John took a closer look at the chart. “Galle Harbor?”
Charles nodded. “Yes, I believe that was the name of it.”
Jase looked at the map and said, “As good a place as any, mate.”
“Then we make for Galle Harbor in the morning,” John said. “We can scout it out and if it looks good we can stay a couple days before we cut across to Madagascar.”
Jase looked over at John and whistled. “That’s a fair hop mate and in the wrong direction. Why not just go through the Suez Canal?”
Tim laughed. “Unless you want your balls to glow I wouldn’t go that way.”
“What are you on about, mate?” Jase asked.
“Israel nuked the entire Middle East. Didn’t you hear the news?”
Jase’s eyes widened. “Bugger me! I guess I missed that headline mate. I reckon its Madagascar then.”
John called their attention back to the table. “With Tim out of commission I will be leading the scouting party. Jase, I’ll need a medic with us and I would like Charles to come also.”
They both nodded.
“Good, let’s get some rest,” John said. “Tomorrow is going to be busy.”
They broke up, each heading to their bunks, and Asa joined Tim in their cabin,, closing the door. She started to undress as Tim just stared at her. “No matter how many times I see you do that, I never get tired of it.”
Asa finished and climbed in bed. Tim put his arm around her.
“Will they be alright tomorrow?” She asked him.
Tim nodded. “John is a smart man. He will be fine.”
She fell asleep in his arm as Tim prayed silently.
“God, if you’re still listening, please let them be fine.”


Chapter 13
Just before sunrise, Charles woke them up and John got them moving. They raised sail and headed along the coast, and by mid-afternoon they were in sight of Flagrock Bastion, an old fort that was on the western side of Galle Harbor.
Charles pointed. “By Jove, there it is! We are here, my good people.”
They dropped sail and Charles motored into the harbor. They scanned the horizon for any danger, but nothing moved. Charles slowly followed the coast around to the breakwater and then stopped. John had his binoculars out and scanned the area. Methodically he surveyed the area, and when he was satisfied, he signaled to Charles who maneuvered the boat around the beach. Following the coast they came around to where the old fort was.
There were no boats in Galle Harbor.
Asa was the first to speak. “Where are all the boats?”
Charles shrugged. “Perhaps they were used by people trying to escape the plague.”
Tim looked at the empty harbor. “Maybe, but keep a sharp look out anyway. I don’t want any surprises.”
John smiled. “You worry too much, it’s all good.”
They came along side an old pier by the fort and Jiro tied them off. The scouting party assembled on deck.
John addressed them, “Okay. Like we planned and no stupid moves; get the supplies and then right back here.”
The others nodded and with a glance back at Tim, John jumped off the boat onto the pier. The others followed him, and with a wave, they started down the pier. Jiro sat near the bow machine gun, just in case they needed cover upon return. The scouting party reached the end of the pier and stopped. John looked at Charles. “Which way do we go?”
Charles looked around. “This whole area used to be an old fort. They have since converted it to a tourist area. There are several hotels and shops there, so let’s go this way.”
He pointed and John started off. Soon they were standing in front of the Amangalle hotel. John opened the door and looked in. In the dim light nothing moved, so he motioned to the others to follow and went in.
Jase stopped and held up his hand, then looked around, “Where are all the bodies?”
The others looked around and confirmed it. There was not a body in sight.
“I didn’t see a bloody one the whole way here,” Jase said as he looked around.
“Neither did I,” Charles said, looking around.
They went back outside and John scanned the area. They were right, not one dead body anywhere. John turned back to the others. “Let’s look around a bit more.”
They quickly went up and down the streets of the old fort. Everywhere they looked it was the same—no bodies. When they had covered the entire fort area, it was late afternoon so they returned to the boat to report what they had found. Tim came on deck and Charles filled him in on their discovery.
“And you didn’t see a single body?” Tim asked.
Jase shook his head. “Not a bloody one, mate. Crikey, it was downright unnerving.”
Charles looked at the harbor and then back to Tim. “There were no boats in the harbor either, perhaps everyone left?”
John looked at him. “That’s possible. They could have evacuated before the plague struck.”
“If that’s the case we might have a safe place to hold up awhile,” Tim said, limping to over to where Charles had a map unrolled.
He looked down at the map. “Let’s see if we can find a better map of the town. This may be an opportunity to take our time and get supplies and equipment that we need with little or no danger.”
John looked over at Tim. “Let’s not get too complacent. Even if the humans are gone we still need to watch for animals.”
Tim thought back to the dogs on Okinawa. “You’re right. No one goes out unarmed and only in groups of two or more.”
John agreed and looked over at Charles. “You want to go looking for a map with me?”
“We should be able to find what we need at the end of the pier. There is a government office near there,” Charles told him.
“Right then, let’s go and get back before dark,” John said as he picked up his M16.
The two of them got up and jumped back on the pier. The others watched as the two of them started down the pier.
Tim called out, “Don’t take any chances, boys.”
John waved back as they reached the end of the pier. Charles led them straight to the offices. There they found a huge sign that read.
“Southern Province Inspector General of Police.”
“This is the place,” Charles said and he entered the building.
When they were in, they looked around; on the wall was a huge map of the fort area.
“Bingo!” John remarked and walked over to it. He leaned his M16 on the wall and started to remove the map. Meanwhile Charles was busy searching the desks and looking over some papers that were scattered over them. He picked up a few and read them and then he walked over to John. John had removed the map from the wall and was folding it.
“I think I may have some answers as to why there are no bodies here,” Charles said holding the papers out to him.
“What happened?” John asked.
“According to these memos, when news arrived that the plague was on the northern end of the island, people panicked and grabbed whatever they could and left. This one says that they had a mutiny at the Naval Command and they took all the ships and left the harbor.”
“Let’s get back and tell the others,” John suggested, and they took the map and the memos and returned to the yacht. Charles showed them the memos and John laid the map on the table.
***
“Here we are,” John said pointing at the map. “And here is the police station we went to, and over here is the Naval Command.”
Charles pointed at the map. “We scouted all this area today and it seems clear.”
Tim smiled. “With everyone gone we don’t have to worry about crazies, but this place could be crawling with wild animals come to investigate why all the humans are gone.”
Jase pointed at the map. “There is a hospital right here. I should go there and get all the supplies I can.”
“Good idea,” Tim said. “You can take Jiro with you.”
John looked at the map. “There are several places I would like to scout out. You want to join me, Charles?”
Charles nodded as Asa walked over. “What about me?”
Tim smiled and pulled her into his lap. “You can help me. I would like to take a look around too. The exercise will do me good.”
Jase looked up from the map. “You just take it easy, mate. Take frequent rests and no running.”
“You have my word, doctor,” Tim said holding up a scout salute. “Besides, your nurse here would kill me.”
It was late and they decided to wait until morning to begin their search. John set a watch up after dinner and they all retired early, each eager to see what they would find the next morning.
***
They rose before the sun, and after a quick breakfast, they assembled on the deck. John handed out three police radios he had found at the station. Tim stood with Asa. “Remember, nothing stupid. I know you have heard it before, but I mean it. If you get in trouble, fire three rounds in the air and help will come. Otherwise just use the police radio each of you has to keep in contact.”
Then all nodded and jumped down to the pier. Jase and Jiro found a car with the keys in it by the pier. They got in and started it driving off in the direction of the hospital. The others looked at each other.
Charles said. “Now that is a capital idea!”
And they started looking in the trucks along the pier.
“Over here John, this lorry has keys in it,” Charles called out.
John joined him and they drove off.
Tim turned to Asa and said, “Looks like it’s just you and me, kid.”
The hotel was only a few hundred yards away and they made it with just two stops. He rubbed his leg each time and then went on. They entered and Tim walked up to the counter. “We’ll take the honeymoon suite please.”
Asa smiled as he went behind the counter and got the keys to several of the rooms. They went down the hall and one by one they searched the rooms. On the end they found a room with a king size bed. Asa walked into the bath and turned on the water, it ran cool and fresh. She washed her hands and then reached into the tub and put the plug in, watching it fill. Then she stood and removed her clothes.
Tim came in. “What are you doing?”
“I’m taking a bath. You want to wash my back?” Asa asked, teasing him.
He stood there looking at her slender form. She was beautiful and he found himself wondering how he had gotten so lucky. “What did I do to deserve you?”
She smiled and walked past him, closing the bathroom door then she locked it and went over to him. She took his rifle and laid it on the counter and began to remove his clothes.
“I will bathe you,” she told him.
When she had taken all his clothes off, she had him sit on the toilet, then she took some soap and a towel and washed him. When she finished, she helped him into the tub, then stood in front of him and slowly washed herself. He watched, taking in her beauty, her every curve. When she was done, she rinsed herself and wrapped a towel around her body. She helped Tim out of the tub and dried him then she led him back into the bedroom. He stood there as she walked over to the room door, locked it, then took a chair and wedged it under the doorknob. She turned and smiled then went over to the bed and removed her towel.
“Let’s not waste this nice bed,” Asa said, sliding under the sheets.
Tim hopped over and got in with her and they fell into each other’s arms and forgot the problems of the world.
***
Jase and Jiro arrived at the hospital without any problems. The farther they got from the pier, the fewer cars they saw, and still no bodies. They parked at the emergency entrance and got out. Jase started walking over to the paramedic truck. “That’s bloody perfect!”
As he opened the side compartments and pulled out case after case, Jiro watched. He looked like a kid in a candy shop. When he was done loading their vehicle, they had several cases of medical supplies.
Jase walked over to the Emergency Entrance and said, “Let’s go gets some medicine, mate.”
They entered the emergency room and Jase went straight to pharmacy. He came back out with a cart loaded with boxes.
Jiro said, “Jase-san, where we keep all this? Boat only so big.”
“That’s their problem, and we need this stuff,” Jase said loading another box.
They took it all out to their truck and loaded it in.
“What now, Jase-san?”
Jase thought about it for a minute then smiled. “When I was looking at the map I saw some stores. Let’s go shopping, mate.”
Jiro nodded and they got back in the truck.
***
Meanwhile, John and Charles had made it to Cargills Food City. They pulled up and John hopped out. “I am going to get me some real food.”
Charles agreed and they entered the building, and were immediately assaulted by the smell of rotting meat. “Now that is downright disgusting!”
“Perhaps we will have better luck in the freezer,” Charles advised him.
They grabbed two carts and headed off to the back. Along the way they shopped, picking up items that grabbed their eye. When they got to the back where the meat was they encountered the dogs. There were four of them up on the meat counter eating. They looked up from their meal and growled.
John brought his rifle up and fired. The closest one fell back while the others attacked. Charles had brought up his rifle and fired almost at the same time; two of the dogs spun around and fell. The last dog leapt and John fired a second burst into the dog mid-air, it fell in front of him with a thud.
He looked over at Charles. “Tim would be proud of us.”
They picked up their radio and called to the others. Jiro came on and asked what was going on, he told them about the dogs and not to worry. Then they went to the back and opened the freezer. A cool burst of air hit them.
“We’re in luck!” John said smiling. “Let’s see what they have.”
Charles stayed at the door kept watch, not want any more nasty surprises. John went over and dug in the boxes; the bottom half of the boxes still had frozen meat. He picked out several good cuts and put them in another box. Then he walked back to the door and joined Charles.
“We’re going to have steak for dinner tonight,” John said holding up one of the steaks.
They left the store with two full carts of food —enough to stock the pantry on the boat to full capacity. As they got in the car, something caught Charles’ eye.
“Wait just one minute,” Charles told John.
He got back out and John followed him as he walked across the street and then John saw where he was headed; it was a smoke shop. Charles entered and the smell of fine tobacco hit him. He went to the counter and looked at the large selection of cigars before him. Then he went to the humidor in the back where he picked a box up off the floor. Carefully he selected box after box of cigars, sometimes taking all of a particular kind.
John selected one and bit the end off and spit it on the ground. Charles looked over at him and then walked over and picked a cigar cutter off the counter and handed it to him. “Please try and be more civilized will you?”
John cut the end of his cigar and lit it, inhaling deeply, and smiled. Now that is a good cigar, he thought to himself. Then he picked up the box, putting the lighter and cutter in it. Charles rejoined him and selecting three different cutters and five lighters he grabbed several bottles of fuel for them and put them all in his box. “I am ready now.”
They got in their truck and headed back to the yacht.
***
Jase had driven down to the shopping district where he jumped out of the truck. “Let’s have some fun, mate.”
Jiro followed him as he walked down the front of the stores. Jiro stopped at one, it was a dress shop. “One moment please Jase-san.”
He bowed then turned and entered the shop. After ten minutes, he came out patting a bundle. “For Asa.”
They walked down a few more blocks, and this time it was Jase who stopped. He entered the shop and returned with three golf clubs and a bucket of balls. He smiled at Jiro. “For me, mate.”
They laughed and then decided to shop for the others getting each of them a gift. One by one they entered a shop and came out with a new package. By the time the sun started to go down they returned to the yacht with a full load. When they arrived, they found Charles cooking on the pier, he had two grills going and the smell of steak was heavy in the air. John came on deck; he had been in the galley cooking. “We have a special dinner planned for tonight.”
Jase said, “Perfect mate, we brought the gifts.”
They spent the next hour unloading the medical equipment and gifts and as the light faded, Tim and Asa came walking up. “We smelled the food and decided it was time to come home.”
Asa walked over and looked at the grills. “It smells wonderful.”
She looked up on deck where they had set up some folding tables and chairs. The tables were set with some china they had scrounged.
“Come and sit, Tim,” Charles said.
Asa helped him onboard and to his seat. The rest gathered ‘round and Charles and John served everyone. They had rice and pasta, vegetables in a cream sauce, bread, wine and steak. They ate and laughed. It was nice to forget about their problems, but one had only to look a couple feet away at the weapons lying ready to know that it was only a brief respite.
After dinner Charles handed out cigars to the men and brought Asa some chocolate. The men lit up and began to talk about the things they were going to miss. Good beer, cigars, and golfing. Then Jase and Jiro disappeared and came back with their arms full, they walked around the table setting packages by each person.
“Happy Survivors Day, mates,” Jase said smiling.
The others looked at the gifts and then back at Jase and Jiro.
“You got us gifts?” Asa said.
Jiro nodded, “Yes, Asa, please open yours.”
Asa opened her package and lifted a light blue sundress out. She looked at Jiro and he could see a tear in her eye.
“Please, try it on,” Jiro urged.
Asa got up and went below. John looked at the box in front of him. He opened it up and pulled out a Hawaiian shirt. Laughing, he put it on. “Awe, you even knew my size.”
Then Jiro brought over a case of beer and set it down in front of him, “I think this is you flavor, Cutter-san?”
John looked down at the cans of Redback beer. “Why yes it is, thank you.”
Charles was next. He picked up his gift and opened it slowly and revealed a captain’s sailing hat. He put it on. “How do I look? Dashing, I am sure.”
Asa came back on deck and everyone stopped to look at her. She was stunning in the starlight, and Tim stood and limped over to her. “You’re absolutely beautiful.”
He took her hand and walked her over to the table. He stopped and putting his arm around Asa. “Gentlemen, may I present my girlfriend, Asa, the loveliest woman in the world.”
The men stood and applauded as Asa blushed and sat down. Jase came up behind Jiro and tapped him on the shoulder. “This is for you.”
He handed him a long thin package. Jiro took it and bowed and then he opened it. It was a Samurai sword. Jiro looked over at Jase in amazement. “Where you get this Jase-san?”
“It was in the Prefects Office on his wall. I didn’t think he needed it anymore. Do you like it?” Jase told him.
Jiro looked up at him and pulled the blade out several inches. “Very much Jase-san. Thank you.”
Jase bent over and came up with his putter, “I picked out my own gift, mates. Now I’ll have something to do on the way to Madagascar.”
He bent over and pretended to putt. Tim smiled. He was glad to see everyone having a good time. Then Jase looked up from his putting, “Crikey! We almost forgot Tim.”
Charles got up and walked over to Tim and handed him a walking stick. It was intricately carved and had a gold lion’s head on top.
“Now you look like a proper gentleman as you take your evening walk,” Jase said, and then he went below deck and returned with a portable CD player and he set it on the table and turned it on. Soft dancing music started to play. Tim got up and limped over to Asa. “May I have this dance young lady?”
She rose and they danced on the deck. When the song finished, Jase tapped Tim on the shoulder. “May I cut in, mate?”
Tim smiled and put Asa’s hand in his. The men took turns dancing with Asa until she was exhausted. She looked at them panting. “We need to find some more women.”
The men started to laugh and she looked over at them. “I’m not kidding.”
The party broke up around midnight. Tim took the first watch and was standing on the bow smoking one of the cigars when Asa came up. “It was a wonderful evening.”
Tim put his arm around her and said, “Let’s hope we have many more.”


Chapter 14
After the first week at Galle Harbor, the others began to wonder if they shouldn’t just stay there. They argued that there would be not bodies to clean up and there was plentiful food and shelter.
Tim held up his hand and spoke. “We are too close to China here. If you saw how many nukes we dropped on them you would be begging me to leave now. Besides, the fallout from the Middle East will eventually make it down here.”
The others finally relented and they started to make preparations to leave. Tim consulted with Charles on how they could arm the yacht better. Charles explained that the more weight they added the slower it would go.
Tim just smiled saying, “I don’t have to be to work any time soon.”
They added some quarter inch metal plate over the windows in the crew quarters and then built more shelves below for supplies. They dismantled one of the cabins and set up a small surgery for Jase, when they were done only, Tim and Asa had a private room. Tim said they were willing to share but the others would have nothing of it.
“Your woman needs somewhere to be private,” Charles told him.
When three weeks had passed, they were ready and the yacht had a new look; it sported two machine guns forward and two aft. Tim had mounted gun and ammo racks in key positions around the boat; they also added four large flood lights.
Charles came on deck and walked over to Tim. “You are ruining her lines. She looks like a ruddy warship not a sailing yacht.”
“When we get to France I will buy you a bigger, better one,” Tim said as they went below.
Jase had set up a small surgery so he could operate if the need arose and John had installed a small generator and a fifty gallon gas tank in the bilge. The yacht had lost speed but it was now a survival yacht. Charles had scrounged some navigation charts for the Indian Ocean and the east and west coast of Africa.
***
Finally the day came when they had decided to leave. They set sail as the sun went down. None of them wanted to watch as they motored away. The harbor fort faded from view as they raised sail and set out. By the next morning they were over fifty miles away, sailing straight for Madagascar. Charles had plotted a course that would take them past the Maldives and then to the Seychelles. He wanted to see if the plague had made it there. If it hadn’t they would warn them not to leave their island sanctuaries. Then they would come around the northern end of Madagascar and along the east coast of Africa.
Tim wanted to resupply in the Maldives and Seychelles if possible, but they had laid enough provisions to make it all the way to Africa just in case. The crew slipped back into their routines with Tim, Charles, John and Jiro doing four-hour shifts at the wheel. Asa cooked for everyone and brought coffee to those on watch. Jase helped with the cooking and continued to teach Asa to be a nurse. Tim asked Asa to see if Jiro would teach them karate. He agreed and every day they had lessons.
And so it went, day after day, and at midday on the twelfth day theyy spotted land—the Maldives. Charles maneuvered the boat around the western side of the island as Tim and John scanned the island for life.
They could not believe it, there were people there, hundreds of them. Charles moved the boat to a range of half a mile and dropped anchor. Then he ran up signal flags asking them to send out someone to talk to them. They only had to wait one hour before a small launch came towards them. It halted five hundred yards away and started to signal with a Morse code lamp. Charles watched. “They want to know if we have news of the war and plague.”
Tim grabbed their signal lamp. “God, I haven’t used Morse in years.”
He started to signal back.
“The war is over, everyone lost. The Plague is worldwide. We appear to be immune.”
Then he waited. After a brief wait they signaled again.
“Do not approach island you will be fired on.”
Tim signaled again.
“Understood, we had no intention to. We are on our way to Madagascar. You should not leave your island.”
After a minute they signaled back.
“Thanks for the news and God speed.”
Tim sent one last signal.
“Thank you and may God have pity on us all.”
Charles ordered the anchor up and then motored away before raising sail and continuing on their journey.
***
Asa was excited that the plague had not reached this remote area; perhaps there were other pockets of survivors. The prospect gave her hope that the world might just make it after all. They slipped back into their routines again. Karate in the morning, nursing lessons in the afternoon, and in the evening weapons training. It took them twenty-three days to reach the Seychelles. Everyone was hopeful that there would be survivors there too.
As they sailed within range of the binoculars and scanned the island, once again they saw people. Again they anchored off the shore and sent up signal flags, and after waiting two hours a small boat came out.
A man with a megaphone called to them, “What news do you have?”
“We are survivors of the plague,” Tim told him. “We have only found others alive in the Maldives.”
“Understood, do not come ashore. The plague is not here,” the man warned.
“We understand. Good to see survivors. We will leave you now. Good luck and stay on your island.”
“Thank you and good luck to you too,” the man said and he turned his boat and left.
Asa ran to Tim. “Two places the plague did not reach! We’re going to make it. The human race is going to make it.”
“I sure hope so. Otherwise our kids will be lonely,” Tim told her.
“Kids?” Asa said surprised.
“Don’t you want kids?” Asa had not even thought about having children, but she smiled. “I like the sound of that.”
That night they had a celebration in honor of the two islands that survived the madness. They hoped and prayed that they would remain safe.
***
Eleven days later they spotted the coast of Madagascar and Charles handed out cigars to celebrate. They had come more than twenty-five hundred miles across the ocean in just over a month and a half, and had found two places the plague had not reached. They dropped anchor in Befotaka Bay and made plans to resupply the next day. Charles took the first watch as the sun went down and the others tried to prepare for whatever would come tomorrow.
The next morning, John woke to find Tim and Charles looking at the navigational charts. Tim was pointing at it and Charles was nodding. “Yes, that does seem to be our best bet.”
John stood and walked over to them.
“Good, you’re up.” Tim said.
John looked down at the map. “What’s the plan?”
Charles answered, “Tim feels we should make our way down the coast to Mahajanga. I tend to agree.”
John nodded. “It does seem to be the only real choice we have.”
“Well, since we are agreed, then let us get to it, chaps,” Charles said, and he disappeared going up on deck. Asa and Jase busied themselves preparing breakfast as the others got the boat ready to leave. After breakfast they set sail and headed down the coast. Everyone was on deck, glad to see land for a change.
Tim scanned the coast for signs of life as they went, occasionally he would see movement in the trees but no human came to the shore and waved. He lowered his glasses and looked over at Charles. “I can see nothing but animals. Not a human in sight.”
“We are not going to see any humans till we reach a city,” Charles said, “It is a jungle over there, after all. What did you expect?”
“I guess you’re right,” Tim replied. “But after the Seychelles I am very hopeful that we may find someone left here.”
“Madagascar is only one hundred miles off of Africa,” Charles told him. “Someone is bound to have tried to escape and come here. So I would not be too hopeful.”
“You’re right, Charles, I just have to believe that there are more of us out there.” Tim said putting down the binoculars, “We are never going to make it with six or even sixty, there needs to be thousands of humans left or we’re finished.”
“Quite right, old boy,” Charles agreed. “Jase and I we’re discussing it after seeing those blokes in the Seychelles. He thinks that even if the plague and war killed ninety-five percent of the population there will be enough to continue.”
“Well that’s encouraging,” Tim said smiling. “Asa says we need to find more women, and I tend to agree with her. We need to start having children fast.”
Charles stared at Tim for a second then said, “I had not thought of that until you just mentioned it, after the loss of mine I figured my family line would end with me.”
“Let’s hope that’s not the case my friend,” Tim said smiling broadly.
***
They reached their destination four days later. Tim looked through his binoculars. “Nothing, not a thing moving.
“Let us dock at the pier and scout around,” Charles recommended. “You never know, we may find someone.”
They dropped sail and motored around the breakwater and over to the pier. Jiro jumped down and tied them off. Except for the crying of the gulls, it was completely quiet. He looked around. “What is this place? Not look like wharf.”
Tim pointed at a sign. “It says ‘College of Naval Construction.’ It’s a school.”
John jumped down to the pier. “Let’s all go this time. We have been out at sea a long time.”
The others quickly grabbed their weapons and jumped down to the pier, happy to go ashore. Before Tim could object, they were all assembled in front him.
He smiled and bowed. “Welcome to Madagascar, please have your passports out and ready.”
John held up his rifle. “Will this do?”
“I believe it will,” Tim said with a laugh.
Tim turned and headed down the pier with the others following behind. At the end they found some vehicles, but after a quick search they could find no keys, so they continued down the road until it came to a tee intersection.
“Boulevard Marcoz,” Tim read the sign aloud.
Charles looked left and then right. “Which way?”
“Let’s go along the coast for now,” Tim said.
“Right it is, then,” Charles said, and they headed up the peaceful coast road. It was a pleasant day, and after walking for only forty-five minutes they came to the Piscine Hotel.
“Shall we check in?” asked Charles.
Tim looked at the place. “Yes, let’s check it out. Charles and Jiro, you’re with me. Then Jase and Asa, with John as rear guard. Let’s not take any chances, right?”
They all nodded and then headed for the front door. Tim entered, and despite the lack of power it, was well lit; there were a lot of windows and the interior was white. They had seen bodies all along their walk from the boat, but inside there were none. Asa walked up and touched Tim on the arm. “Tim, where are the bodies?”
“I removed them,” came a female voice from a balcony above them.
Tim snapped his rifle in the direction of the voice, but scanning the balcony he saw nothing. “Come out where we can see you”
“What? So you can shoot me?” she replied.
Asa put her hand on Tim’s rifle to lower it and then she walked out into the open. “I am unarmed, come out and speak with me. Tim is only trying to protect us.”
An elegant woman with wavy brown hair in her early fourties walked out to the edge and spoke. “I thought I was imagining things when I heard you down there.”
Asa smiled. “We are quite real. I am Asa.”
“That is a beautiful name,” she replied. “I am Sera.”
“Why not come down and speak with us?” Asa asked in a calm tone.
Sera hesitated looking at the others with her pale grey eyes, then walked along the railing to the stairs and came down. She was very graceful, her hand glided down the rail as she seemed to float down the stairs as her gown flowed behind her. When she reached the bottom she walked over to Asa. She reached over and touched Asa’s face then pulled her into an embrace and started to cry. “I thought I was alone. I thought I would die here never to see another human.”
Asa put her arms around Sera and let her cry for a minute. “Let me introduce my friends.”
Sera stepped back and looked at the others. Asa introduced them one by one, saving Tim for last saying, “And this is my friend, Tim.”
“I would have thought she is a bit young for a man,” Sera told him.
Tim shrugged, “The world has changed. I love her and she loves me, it just happened.”
Sera smiled and walked over to Tim taking his hand. “I am very pleased to meet you all.”
She went to each in turn and took their hand. When she reached Charles he brought her hand up and lightly kissed it and said in French, “Enchante, Madame.”
Sera smiled and they briefly conversed in French. When they finished Charles bowed, “Your humble servant, Madame.”
Then Sera turned to the rest. “Where are my manners? You must be hungry, come and sit. I will get something to eat.”
She led them to the dining room. For some reason that Tim could not put his finger on, he was still cautious and could not let his guard down. As they went into the dining room Tim pulled Jiro aside, “Keep an eye on her, Jiro, just till we’re sure about her.”
Jiro nodded and they joined the others and sat down. Sera went to leave when Jiro stood, “Please, may I help you?”
He got up and went to follow her. Sera paused and looked like she was going to protest, then she smiled, “Why of course, monsieur.”
Jiro followed her and they disappeared into the kitchen. Tim quickly spoke with the others. “She appears to be taking things fine, but remember what happened with Meredith. She looked fine then bang, she was dead.”
The others nodded and they waited for the hostess to return. Jiro returned with a cart that had dinner plates, glasses and utensils. He quickly set places for everyone and then returned to the kitchen. Then Sera appeared pushing a larger cart. On it were seven bowls with salad in them. She served everyone and then sat down.
Then Jiro reappeared with some rolls and three large pitchers. He put the bread on the table and then went around and filled everyone’s glass with tea. Something about the whole thing just didn’t sit right with Tim. She was cordial and pleasant, the food was excellent but there was something on the edge of his mind that didn’t quite mesh. After dinner John got up to leave. “I need to be getting back to the boat.”
Sera stood quickly. “I wouldn’t hear of it, there are plenty of beds here. Surely you can stay the night.”
The hair on Tim’s neck stood on end, but he smiled and motioned for John to sit. “Thank you, we would love to stay.”
The others looked at him and then nodded. Sera gave them all a tour of the hotel and then showed them to their rooms, John and Jiro had the adjoining suite to Asa and Tim, Charles and Jase shared a room across the hall.
They said goodnight to their hostess and then closed their doors.


Chapter 15
Tim pulled Asa close to him and whispered, “Something is really wrong here, I can feel it.”
“What do you mean?” Asa asked, suddenly very scared.
“How much do you think she weighs?” Tim asked. “I would be willing to bet no more than ninety pounds.”
Asa had a puzzled look in her eyes as she slowly shook her head.
“Do you think that lady had the strength to remove all the dead guests from this hotel by herself?” Tim asked her.
Suddenly Asa understood; she could not have done it by herself. Someone had to have helped her, but who and where were they? “What should we do?”
Tim pushed her away from the door. “I am going next door and talk with John. Wait here till I get back, and don’t let anyone in.”
Tim opened the door adjoining the suites and knocked. John tried to open it but it was locked, when he went to unlock it he noticed something was wrong, “Tim can you hear me?”
“What is it?” Tim replied.
“This door is nailed closed on this side,” John told him.
Tim ran to the bed and picked up his rifle. He went over to the door to the hallway and tried it. It was locked. He looked down at the doorkknob and noticed that it had been reversed. “The bitch has locked us in!”
Tim stepped back and fired a burst into the door knob. It exploded, and then he kicked the door open. Quickly he checked the hall and then went to John’s door. He unlocked it and let him out. “We have trouble, for some reason she has reversed the locks and locked us in. Get your rifle and follow me.”
He ran back to Charles’ door and opened it. Charles was sitting on a chair in the middle of the room and Jase was unconscious on the floor. Tim looked at Charles and noticed he was moving his eyes funny. Then he realized that Charles was trying to get him to look to his left, Tim nodded and took a step back, and then he jumped and rolled into the room coming up into a firing stance in the direction Charles was signaling.
There was a man standing there with a pistol. Tim fired and hit the man center mass and he fell back against the wall. Quickly Tim scanned the room and then went over to Jase and checked his pulse. “Thank God.”
Jase was still alive. Tim then went over to Charles and removed his gag, “It would appear that your gut feeling was correct, old boy.”
Tim untied Charles quickly. “Get your weapons and help Jase.”
Tim went back in the hall and called to John and Jiro. They came and Tim motioned for them to go into Charles’ room. Tim went back in his room and got Asa. “Come with me now, we have trouble.”
They all gathered in Charles’ room and Tim quickly gave orders. “We need to get out of here now. We don’t know how many others are here beside him, but they know exactly how many we are. John, rear guard, Charles and Jiro, get Jase. Asa, you’re with me.”
Tim headed to the door and just as he stepped out, the doorway erupted into splinters all around him, he fell back just dodging the burst of gunfire.
“Fuck me! That was stupid!” Tim cursed.
He looked over at Jiro. “Toss me a grenade.”
Jiro reached in his bag and came out with a frag grenade, which he tossed to him. Tim pulled the pin, and crouching low, he threw it down the hall in the direction of the gunfire. Another burst screamed down the hall and then there was a huge explosion. Tim rolled out the door and fired twice down the hall. Then he quickly reloaded as he sprinted to the end of the hall.
There was a small fire burning where the grenade had exploded and lying there on the floor next to it was another man, gasping for breath. Tim fired one round into his head, and then he called for the others to join him. The others came up fast as Tim weighed their options.
He closed his eyes and tried to think. “This is a bad tactical position. They only have to cover the stairs and we are screwed. Think damn it! How do we get out of here?”
The others looked at him anxiously and then Tim opened his eyes and looked over at Jiro. “How many more grenades do we have left?”
“Four Tim-san.” Tim thought about it. “It will have to do.”
He turned to the others. “These guys are not professionals otherwise I would be dead. This one fired as soon as he saw me instead of waiting for me to get all the way into the hall.”
John looked up at Tim. “So what’s your plan, Tim?”
“We take the fight to them, otherwise we’re dead,” Tim said and he turned to the others. “We are going to attack in two teams. John, you take Charles and Jase. I will take Jiro and Asa.”
They all nodded and split into their respective teams.
Tim briefed them. “Those with M16’s keep the fire up so they’ll want to stay behind cover. Then have your third, that’s you Jase, throw a grenade when you’re re-loading. Asa you are our third, can you do it?”
Asa nodded and took two grenades from Jiro. Tim looked from face to face and saw they were all looking nervously at him. “Remember to shoot center mass, nothing fancy. Kill everything in front of you.”
Then he gave them a little smile. “It will be just like eating pancakes; easy peasy.” He checked his rifle and looked at John. “You count to ten and then follow.”
He turned and headed to the main stairs, and then suddenly he stopped. He looked over at a door and grabbed a door knob and turned it, it was locked. He stepped back and put a burst into the door knob and kicked, the door swung open. He entered followed by Jiro and Asa.
John came up quick and looked at it, the sign on the door read “Porte de Secours”
He looked at Charles who smiled and said, “Emergency Exit.”
Despite the pain in his leg, Tim took the stairs three at a time. When he reached the bottom floor he carefully looked out the small window on the door. He saw four men with rifles covering the main stairs with Sera standing behind them giving orders.
He leaned over and whispered in Asa’s ear, “Give me one of those grenades.”
She handed him one quickly and he motioned for them to step back. He tested the door knob, it turned and he pushed on the door just enough to open it a crack. Then he pulled the pin on the grenade and let the spoon flip. He pushed hard on the door and it swung open. He threw the grenade into the middle of the men.
They turned to the noise of the door opening and started to bring their weapons to bear. Then as if mesmerized, they all watched as the grenade bounced into the center of them. They all looked down at it, and then realizing what it was, tried to flee. The explosion sent them flying in all directions.
Tim and Jiro had exited the stairs and began firing. Sera started running for cover as Tim’s bullets tore into the table in front of her. Jiro fired at the men that survived the grenade blast. Tim ran after Sera at full speed, his eyes never leaving her as she ducked behind the bar. He fired a burst in the mirror behind the bar and a rain of broken glass fell on Sera.
Tim was furious, “Come out now and I will spare your life.”
Sera laughed. “You are too late. By now they have destroyed your boat; you will never leave here alive.”
Tim roared and emptied his clip into the bar, then he pushed the magazine release and dropped the empty magazine, as he reloaded he heard the familiar “tink” of a grenade spoon as it sprang off a grenade. He turned in time to see Asa throwing the grenade at the bar. He fell back watching the tiny bomb arc over and drop behind the counter.
There was a scream then a loud boom. The bar disintegrated into kindling as Tim jumped away tackling Asa in the process. Tim looked at her. “Are you nuts?”
Asa blinked and in an accusing tone said, “You told me to throw the grenade when you reloaded.”
Tim looked at her and then laughed.
Then he carefully made his way over to the bar where he found Sera. She was still alive, coughing as blood came out in a spray. Tim knelt beside her. “Why?”
An evil smile crossed her face and then her pale grey eyes went blank. Tim stood. “She’s dead.”
John and his team came into the room and he called to over to Tim. “Is it over?”
“No, they are after the boat.”
***
They all gathered at the front entrance and Tim looked out. “It looks clear. Let’s go.”
They headed to the dock as quickly as they could. When they got there they could see three men on the boat and one standing on the dock.
“What now?” John asked.
Tim sat there trying to come up with a plan when Charles spoke. “Let me try something.”
Tim looked up at him. “You have a plan?”
“More like an idea.” He stepped out from around the corner of the building. Charles waved at the men by the boat and yelled in French, “Come quickly, there is bad trouble at the hotel. Madame Sera wants everyone there now!”
The men by the boat look over at Charles straining to see him, and then Charles added, “Quickly! Or Madame will not be pleased.”
And he made like he was heading back to the hotel. Charles came back around the corner and squatted next to Tim. Tim looked over at him. “Do you think they bought it?”
“We shall know in a moment,” Charles replied smiling.
It didn’t take long. The three men jumped off the boat and joined the other man. They argued for a few moments then began to run back down the pier. Tim readied his M16 and whispered to the others, “Here they come. Get ready.”
As the men rounded the corner they came face to face with Tim who had a grim look on his face. “Going somewhere?”
He squeezed the trigger on his M16 and caught the first man dead center. He flew back into the man behind him. John fired a split second later; his pattern hit the one closest to him on the right side spinning him around. Tim acquired his second target instantly and fired, a second man dropped. Tim was coming around to target the last man standing, but the man had already brought up his rifle. It was pointing straight at Tim.
Tim was expecting to hear the familiar sound of a machine gun when a single shot rang out, the man stood there for a moment and then a small crimson hole appeared on his forehead. He looked surprised and then he fell backwards to the ground. Tim turned to look behind him and saw Asa standing there with his nine millimeter pistol in her hand.
Asa lowered the pistol and started to shake. Tim walked over to her and put his arm around her. She dropped the gun and put her arms around him and started to cry. “I couldn’t let him shoot you. I just couldn’t.”
“It’s okay, we’re safe now,” Tim said, his voice rough with emotion.
John had walked over to check the dead men and called out. “This one is still alive.”
John kicked the man’s weapon away and pointed his rifle at him. Charles came over and looked at the man. “What was all this about?” He asked in French.
The man spoke to Charles in French, his breathing labored. Charles asked a couple more questions and the man responded, then he started to gasp. Suddenly the gasps ceased and he was dead.
Charles turned to the group. “He said that ever since the plague came here and everyone died Sera has been running things. At first it was just her and two men that survived. Then as survivors straggled in from other places she began to recruit them. She was very smart and knew things. She seduced then into helping her clear out the hotel and then she had them all go around collecting jewelry, money, paintings, whatever she wanted.”
Charles paused and turned to Tim. “Then a boat arrived. It had four people on it, two men and two women. Sera decided that they should capture the women as whores for her men. They killed the men and put the women in rooms at the hotel for the men to use.”
He then glanced at Asa. “When we arrived they planned to do the same for us. She was going to kill us and make Asa a whore for her men.”
Charles sat down and shook his head. “She had such beauty and grace. What a waste.”
Asa turned to Tim. “Perhaps the two women are still alive?”
Tim stood and checked his weapon. “John and Jiro come with me, the rest of you get to the boat and get ready to sail.”
With John and Jiro in tow, he ran back to the hotel. When they got back they began a methodical search of the rooms. First floor, then second and so on. When they reached the top suites they found the women, tied and gagged.
Tim went over to the closest one, she was a slender young women around twenty two with sandy blonde hair and brown eyes. Tim kneeled and removed her gag and she cried out, “Please don’t hurt me anymore. I will do what you want; just don’t hit me please.”
Tim smiled at her. “We’re here to help you, not hurt you.”
And he cut her bonds. “What are your names?”
“I’m Kelly and that is Sabrina. Are you really here to help?”
Tim nodded. “Yes, can you walk?”
Kelly tried to stand, but she had been drugged and beaten; she fell to the ground. Tim picked her up and Jiro cut the bonds on the other girl, a thin black girl in her mid-twenties. John picked her up and the three headed back to the boat. They arrived at the boat just after midnight, and Tim called to Jase, “I have two patients for you, Doctor.”
They took the girls below deck. Asa joined Jase as he started to treat them. Tim got back on deck and called over to Charles. “Let’s get the hell out of here, this place has bad Mojo.”
“We still need water,” Charles reminded him.
“We’ll get it somewhere else. This place gives me the creeps,” Tim said with a note of finality.
Charles called to have the lines cast off and he motored the boat away from the pier. Tim and Jiro raised the sail and they left the cursed harbor. When they were safely off the coast, Charles called to Tim, “Where to now Tim?”
Tim stared back at the harbor. “Just put some distance between us and that place. We can decide in the morning.”
And he went below deck.


Chapter 16
When Tim got below, Jase was working on Sabrina and Kelly was speaking to Asa. Tim walked over, “How are you feeling?”
Kelly looked up at him. “Thank you for saving us. I thought we were going to die there.”
“You’re safe now,” Tim said smiling. “No one is going to hurt you again as long as I am around.”
Kelly rubbed her wrist. “As far as how I am, I’m still a bit groggy. They kept us drugged most of the time. I’m just really happy to be out of there.”
Tim sat down at the table. “I’m glad too, how did you come to be there?”
Kelly drank some water and began, “I’m and American and Iwas vacationing in South Africa with friends when the plague came. I was the only one in the hotel that didn’t die. I wandered Port Elisabeth not knowing what I was going to do. After a couple of days, I decided to try another city. I found a car that had the keys in it and drove to East London, and that’s where I met Sabrina. She’s South African and had been a servant at the Governor’s mansion and after they all died she left and was searching for her mother. We joined up and eventually found her mother dead at the local clinic.”
She paused thinking about it. “It was horrible there, the dead were everywhere. We found her mother and buried her. After we took my car and headed up the coast. We made it to Durban where we met Karl and Joseph. They, too, had survived and were going to get a sailboat and try to see if there were people alive in Madagascar.”
She looked at Asa and tears started to form in her eyes. “We followed the coast going from town to town until we reached that awful place. They killed Karl and Joseph and then raped us. Then they tied us up and put us in that room. They would come day after day, it was horrible.”
She broke down and wept as Asa tried to console her.
Tim put his hand on her shoulder. “We will never allow that to happen to you again.”
Tim turned and went to leave and Kelly called after him, “Thank God you came along. I thought I had died and gone to hell.”
Tim glanced back at her. “We may all have died and gone to hell, but if I find the Devil, I am personally going to kick his ass.” Then he turned and went on deck.
John and Jiro were talking to Charles when Tim walked up and pulled out a smoke. “Those girls are going to need some time. They had a pretty rough time of it.”
“Did you find anything out about them Tim-san?” Jiro asked.
Tim lit his cigarette and inhaled deeply, “Pretty much the same old story; they survived and were looking for others when they ran into that bunch in Madagascar.”
“They are among friends now.” Charles said. “Soon they should be right as rain.”
John looked over at Charles. “Yes, but let’s give them time to adjust before we go overwhelming them. They just spent a month getting raped. They are not going to be comfortable around men for a while.”
Charles nodded. “Agreed. Any idea of where we are going now?”
Tim took another deep drag. “I was thinking about that. What do you think about cutting across to the coast of Africa? We can find water once we hit the coast and then make for Port Elisabeth.”
Charles mulled it over, “We should have enough water to make it to the coast, but then we will have to go ashore.”
“Then it’s Africa. I will come relieve you in an hour,” Tim said as he flicked his smoke overboard and went back below. The others followed, and Asa made them a cold snack before they turned in. Tim told Asa to let Kelly stay in their cabin until she was feeling better and then walked over to Jase. He was still stitching up a bad cut the girl had on her cheek.
“How is she Jase?” Tim asked.
Jase looked up from his work. “Bloody awful, mate. They really beat the hell out of her and heaven knows how many drugs they pumped into her. I got her stable now and we should have her ship-shape in a couple days.”
“Good work, Jase. I thank God we were lucky enough to find you,” Tim said relieved.
Jase smiled. “No worries, mate, I’ll bring her around.”
Tim went on deck and relieved Charles, telling him to go below and get something to eat and turn in. He took the wheel and closed his eyes, breathing in the salt air. After a moment he opened his eyes and there was Asa. “What is it, my love?”
“That almost shook my belief in humanity.”
“How could they do that knowing the world was destroyed?”
Asa shrugged. “Evil is evil. Sera was probably like that before the world came apart, but with the rules gone she was free to do as she pleased.”
“I guess,” Tim said grudgingly.
He forced a smiled and pulled Asa toward him. “Come here, young lady.”
“What do you want?” She asked him coyly.
Tim kissed her hair. “Without you none of this would matter to me, I would just stop caring.”
“You are a better man than that, Tim and I don’t believe that you could ever be like them.”
Tim kissed her again. “Perhaps you’re right, but you make me want to be a better person. I have never felt like that before.”
Asa stared at him stunned. “I don’t know what to say, Tim. No one has ever said that to me.”
“Get used to it, baby.” Tim pulled her closer. “I’m not letting you out of my sight.”
Asa stayed with Tim while he stood watch. They talked about what they would do when they got to France. Tim thought it was so far away and he wondered if they would ever get there.
***
The next morning when Tim and Asa came down for breakfast, Kelly and Sabrina were sitting at the table.
“I’m glad to see you two are doing better,” Tim said smiling at Sabrina.
Sabrina looked up from her food. “Thanks to you good people. Kelly told me what you did for us.”
“It was our pleasure,” Asa said.
Tim sat down across from Sabrina. “I only wish we had come sooner. That kind of thing will never happen on my watch.”
Sabrina smiled. “Well, thank you all the same. We are in your debt.”
Tim shook his head. “There are no debts here, Sabrina, only family.”
Asa walked over and stood behind Tim. “He is as good as his word too.”
“Family, I like the sound of that,” Sabrina said with a smile.
They finished up with breakfast and then Tim and Asa retired to their cabin for some sleep.
***
The next two days the new guests caught up on how the group had gotten to Madagascar. Kelly and Sabrina told more of their tale of how they had survived the plague. When Asa told them of their plan to go to France, they agreed to come along with them.
On the morning of the fifth day they once again were within sight of land. They had made it to Africa.
Tim, Charles and John pored over the charts looking for a likely place to put in and refill their water supply. Asa finally told them to just pull in anywhere and they could use their Lifesaver bottles. They agree and they sailed up an inlet near Namacoto, Mozambique. There they dropped anchor in the river mouth and swam in the warm waters. They took turns using the purifier bottles and after two days had refilled all of their water bottles.
“These things work great!” Tim exclaimed. “I wish we had had these when I was on exercises with the Corps. They make the water taste, well, like water.”
John looked over at him. “That’s all well and good, but I would rather have a beer right now.”
Tim smiled. “We will take care of that problem when we get to Port Elisabeth.”
“I am also getting tired of MREs and besides we are getting low on them. We should go ashore and hunt something,” John suggested.
Tim thought about it. “That could be a bit risky. Have your ever hunted in a real jungle? An amateur could get eaten real fast.”
“The only hunting I have ever done is for pussy on leave. I guess we need to wait till port,” John said grinning.
“I will have Asa cook something tonight with whatever rations she can find. She is an excellent cook. You won’t have to eat MRE’s tonight.”
“Sounds good, Tim,” John said as they finished up.
That night Asa and Jiro cooked the remaining canned food they had along with the last of the rice and pasta. It wasn’t much, but after MRE’s and what the two girls had been through it seemed like a royal banquet.
They left the harbor refreshed, and Kelly and Sabrina seemed to be in high spirits. They had their freedom and a fresh start with people that genuinely cared for them. At the end of the two weeks they had even started to laugh.
***
They headed south again sailing through calm seas for the next two weeks. Jiro had started to teach the new girls karate, and Jase found that Kelly was a natural at nursing. Sabrina spent most of her free time learning sailing from Charles and the rest of the crew fell into their normal on-board routines.
Kelly came on deck and looked at the coast. “We should be close to the northern border of South Africa.”
Charles nodded. “Yes that is Maputo Bay over there. We should make Port Elisabeth in just over a week and a half if the weather holds.”
“Right back where I started,” Kelly mused. “Guess I should have just stayed put. I would have saved myself a lot of grief.”
“But you would never have met me,” Sabrina said coming up behind her. “Can we stop in East London?”
“We can discuss it with the group at dinner, my dear lady,” Charles said.
Asa, Kelly and Sabrina made the best they could with MRE’s. They used some spices to improve the taste and served some wine that Charles supplied. When they were done, the men each pulled out a cigar and, thanking the women, headed up on deck. Sabrina followed and walked over to where Tim and John were standing. “Can we stop in my hometown?”
“Why do you want to stop there?” Tim asked. “Isn’t everyone dead?”
Sabrina nodded. “Yes, but I would like to see it one more time before we move on.”
“Certainly, we are not a dictatorship,” Tim told her, “If you want to see your home again then we can. Just understand, every time we stop, we run the risk of being attacked.”
Sabrina thanked him, and as she was going back below, Jase started to sing. It was a rough and rowdy Outback song he’d learned as a boy and after the first chorus the rest of the men started to clap to the rhythm. Sabrina stopped as the other girls came on deck. They watched the men and then Asa walked over to Tim.
She took his hand and started to dance with him. The others watched and then Kelly walked over to John and dragged him over and started to dance. Charles went to where Sabrina was standing. “May I have the honor of this dance, my lady?”
“I have never been called ‘my lady’ before,” Sabrina said shyly.
“Well now you have. Shall we?” Charles asked. She took his hand and they started to dance, then she smiled up at him. “Thank you, you are all so kind.”
Charles just kept moving with the music. The two girls were starting to recover quickly from their ordeal.
Tim smiled and whispered in Asa’s ear. “It seems time does heal all wounds.”
***
Ten days later they were lying off the coast of East London. Tim and Charles stood on the deck with their binoculars. They could see nothing moving in the bright morning light.
“Is this a good idea?” Charles asked.
Tim dropped the binoculars. “No, but it is the right one. She deserves to see her home one last time after what she has been through. I don’t see any movement, but let’s be careful anyway. I want Asa, Kelly and you to stay on the boat while the rest of us provide security for Sabrina.”
“Sounds good to me,” Charles agreed. “I will look after the girls.”
Jiro and John dropped the sails as Charles motored the yacht into the mouth of the East London harbor. He took them down until they reached the Pontoon Road Bridge then pulled over to the dock where they got off. Then they started down to the parking lot. When they got there Tim looked over at Sabrina. “Which way now Sabrina?”
“We will need a vehicle,” she said.
They searched the parking lot until they found a truck that had keys still in it. Tim looked over at John. “You drive. I will ride the back with Jase and Jiro. Sabina will ride in front with you and tell you where to go.”
John agreed and they all got in. They left the parking lot, and Sabrina had John drive to the downtown area. Tim was surprised when they ended up in front of a fancy hotel. He read the sign.
“Protea Hotel East London”
He jumped out and scanned the area as Sabrina got out and came over to him. “This is where my mama is resting.”
She walked over to a grassy area by the front where there was a mound and Sabrina knelt by it. Tim looked at the others. “As long as we are here we should get some supplies. Let’s ask her if there is a grocery or shopping area nearby when she is done.”
After a few minutes Sabrina got up and adjusted the makeshift cross on the grave then she walked back over to Tim. “Thank you, I needed to say goodbye and tell her I would be okay now.”
Tim smiled and put his hand on her shoulder. “She knows Sabrina. Do you know if there is a grocery or shopping center around?”
Sabrina nodded and pointed. They all got back in the truck and headed off. They arrived at Crossways Supermarket a few minutes later and got out.
Tim checked his weapon. “Everyone gets a cart. Non-perishable foods, bottled water and canned goods, in and out fast, no browsing.”
John smiled. “Awe, come on Dad, can’t we get a few goodies?”
Tim just shook his head and laughed. They entered the grocery store and broke into teams. Jase with Charles, and Tim, Sabrina, and Jiro on the other.
Tim checked his M16 again. “Keep an eye out for dogs.”
They split up and wove up and down the aisles grabbing this and that in the dim light. They had half filled their carts and were heading back up an aisle moving towards the front of the store when Tim paused and held up his hand. Jiro and Sabrina froze as Tim squatted and looked out the window.
Through the front windows Tim could see three men with rifles were looking at the truck they had driven in. One had a clean shaven head and a thick mustache, while the other two had short blond hair. All of them were dressed in SWAT gear and had automatic rifles.
“Shit! Where the hell did they come from?” Tim asked.
Then he turned to Jiro. “Go find the others quick and tell them we have trouble.”
Jiro went back the way they came looking for Jase and Charles. Tim took his M16 off safety and waited, watching the men. One of the blond men touched the hood of the truck and he immediately brought up his weapon calling to his friends.
“Shit, they know were here,” Tim hissed.
He motioned for Sabrina to back up and together they went to the back of the aisle. They found Jiro just coming up with the other team. Tim went over to John. “Three of them and they know we’re here. Get ready.”
Tim heard the store doors open and shortly after a voice with a thick South African accent called out. “Alright, who’s in here? Come on, we know you’re here. Come out and you won’t get hurt.”
The other men with them chuckled as Tim whispered to John, “Take Jase and go around that way. I’ll go this way with John and we’ll catch them in the crossfire.”
John nodded and they headed off. Tim turned to Sabrina, “Can you shoot?”
She shook her head no.
“It’s okay,” Tim told her. “Just stay here and hide and come out when I call for you.”
Tim and Jiro slowly headed around as the bald man called out again. “Come out chickees. We won’t bite.”
Again the other men laughed, and as they did Tim rose quickly and took aim on the man in front and pulled the trigger. The bald man’s head exploded covering the men behind him with blood and brains.
“Bugger me!” The one on the left yelled as he turned to face Tim.
Jiro fired at the one on the left, catching him in the shoulder and causing him to drop his weapon. The other man started to turn to face their attackers when John fired from the opposite direction. The third man paused with a silly look on his face and then he looked down, blood was soaking the front of his shirt. He looked up and fell forward.
Tim ran up and pointed his rifle at the man Jiro had wounded. “Are you alone?”
The man looked up at him, still in disbelief at what had just happened. Tim repeated his question, “Are you alone? Answer or I fire!”
“Yes!” The man cried. “Who the hell are you buggers?”
“The neighborhood watch,” Tim said smiling. “Can I see some ID?”
The man looked at Tim funny as John came over. “What do we do with him?”
“We should just kill him and get going,” Tim said coolly.
“There has been enough death, Tim, we could just leave him,” John offered.
Jase came up and knelt beside the man. “He’ll die without help.” He looked at the man’s wound. “He’s going to need surgery to get the lead out of him, but I think he’ll live.”
He started to bandage the wound. Tim called to the Sabrina and then he turned to the others. “Here’s the plan. Jiro, Sabrina and Charles get the supplies in the truck, and then Jase and I will load him up, then we get back to the boat.”
The others ran quickly back to the carts and brought them up front. They loaded everything as John and Jase put the man in back. They returned to the boat, and while Jase and Jiro took the man below, the others hurriedly loaded the supplies on the boat. Charles raised an eyebrow as Tim walked up. “Another charity case old boy?”
Tim lit a cigarette. “Ask John and Jase, he’s their pet. I wanted to kill him.”
Charles nodded. “What now?”
“We leave before someone else tries to kill us,” Tim said as he jumped on deck.


Chapter 17
Charles navigated back out to the inlet while Jiro and Tim raised the sails. Charles sailed down the coast eastward as Tim went down below. There he found Jase just finishing up with the man’s arm. John saw him and walked over. “I know you don’t approve but we have to draw the line somewhere. We can’t just kill everyone we meet or we will be just like them.”
“They would have killed all of us and raped our women. And he still may if given the chance,” Tim told him coldly. “He’s your responsibility; if he makes a wrong move, I will put him down.”
John put his hand on Tim’s shoulder. “This isn’t like you, Tim, what’s wrong.”
“I am getting sick of all the evil we are running into I always knew humans were crap, but this is really pushing it. First it was the pirates, then Sera and her bunch, and now these ass monkeys. It’s enough to shake any man’s faith in humanity.”
“Perhaps he just fell in with the wrong crowd,” John said smiling. “Most people are good as long as they have guidance. Let’s talk to him and see what his story is. If you still don’t like him you can throw him overboard.”
Tim smiled. “Fair enough, John, and thanks for being my conscience. Sometimes I wonder if I would have been like him if I hadn’t met you guys.”
John shuddered to think of Tim as going rogue. “God wouldn’t do that to us, Tim. He’s just not that cruel.”
Tim patted John on the shoulder and then walked over to Jase.
“How’s your patient?” Tim asked.
Jase looked up. “He is going to be fine. He only caught one round in the meat of the arm.”
Tim nodded then looked the man up and down. He was in his early thirties and had piercing blue eyes below is stark blond hair. He was wincing from the pain of his wound when Tim finally spoke. “What’s your story?”
The man looked at Tim. “You’re a hard man, mate. My name is Henrik.”
He offered Tim his hand, but Tim just looked down at it. “Maybe later, if I don’t throw you overboard.”
Henrik looked at him trying to see if he was joking or not, then he continued, “After everyone died I was scavenging around for food and I ran into Kevin, the bloke whose head you blew off. He tells me we can do as we please now and take what we want, so we did.”
Henrik looked around at everyone nervously. “He set us up in a fancy hotel, we gathered everything we wanted and we lived like kings. Then Hans came along and joined up with us, so then Kevin says we need to start looking for women. We saw a truck go by the hotel so we came down to check it out. Then Kevin says to kill everyone except the women.”
“Is that when you decided to become a murderer?” Tim asked flatly.
“No, mate, nothing like that, it was Kevin,” Henrik said back peddling, “He was running the show. I never wanted to kill anyone, just have a bit of fun.”
“I see my Tim put an end to that,” Asa said coming over.
“Yes, ma’am, he did,” Henrik said looking at her.
Asa looked at the man with cold eyes. “And what now? Do we trust you or throw you overboard like Tim wants to.”
“Now wait a minute, I didn’t shoot anyone,” Henrik pleaded. “It was you that shot me. I was just standing there.”
John jumped in. “He’s right, you know.”
Tim looked over at John. “That’s only because Jiro shot him first.”
Then Tim turned to Sabrina. “He’s from your country. I will let you decide his fate.”
Sabrina walked up and Henrik looked nervously over at her. She eyed him up and down. “Now this is a change, the servant deciding the fate of the master.”
Henrik said nothing but lowered his eyes, and then Sabrina turned to the group. “I think he deserves a second chance. If it doesn’t work out we can put him ashore at the next stop.”
Henrik breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, love, you won’t regret this, you’ll see.”
John got Henrik’s attention. “What did you do before the plague?”
“I was a truck driver, mate. I worked at the docks moving freight.”
Tim caught the man’s eye. “Well you’re going to have to earn your keep. You can start by helping Jase and the girls down here. At least until your arm heals.”
Tim went back on deck hoping they had not made a bad decision with Henrik. Henrik stood and followed him. “Hey, mate, wait up.”
Tim turned to face him. “I know we got off on the wrong foot but how about giving a bloke a chance?”
“I may have been wrong about you,” Tim said, “so I will give you just this one chance to make good.”
Tim lit a cigarette.
“Thanks mate. Guess I never should have listened to Kevin, but I really thought we were all that was left,” Henrik explained lamely.
“That’s still no excuse to chuck all the rules,” Tim said fixing his gaze on him. “We men now have a responsibility to protect the women, the weak. Not to prey on them.”
“I see your point mate,” Henrik said nodding.
“We are putting in port at Cape Town,” Tim told him. “You can leave us there or stay, the decision is yours. If you leave we will give you a rifle to defend yourself.”
“If it’s all the same, I’ll stay with you folks mate. I won’t let you down again.”
“We’ll see,” Tim said flatly to Henrik as he turned and went on deck.
***
The next few days were uneventful as they sailed on around the southern tip of Africa. Tim went below and found Charles bent over some charts and he joined him. “How long till we can reach Cape Town?”
Charles flipped his compass over several times. “I would estimate nine more days.”
“That’s good,” Tim said with a shiver. “I’ve been feeling a chill at night. I’m ready to start our turn north.”
“Yes, winter comes early down here,” Charles agreed.
“We’re almost ready for the last stretch Charles,” Tim said with a note of optimism.
“Yes, indeed we are.” Charles agreed.
***
Again they fell into their routines and the days slid by. On the morning of the tenth day they reached the Cape of Good Hope.
Charles called for Tim to come up on deck. “Look at that. What do you make of it?”
Charles pointed to the shore where a large signal fire was burning at the point.
Tim stared and said, “I have no idea. But one thing is for sure, someone is alive here.”
“Do we make port or do we keep going?” Charles asked.
John came over and joined them. “I think we should take a look.”
Tim looked at John. “It could be a trap. But at least we are prepared if it is.”
They continued around the cape and found four more fires burning. The last was on a hill outside Cape Town. They sailed into Table Bay Harbor and then dropped sail. Charles motored up to the docks and they tied off. Tim jumped down he was carrying his S.A.W. He looked over at John and smiled, “If this is a trap, someone is going to regret it.”
John did not smile back but checked his M16 and then waited for the others. Jiro and Henrik joined them. Tim walked over to Henrik, handing him an M16. “Don’t fire unless I say to or I fire first, got it?”
“Loud and clear, mate.”
Tim headed out with the others behind him, and he went straight for some vehicles near the pier. A quick search found one with keys. They all got in and headed up the coast road. They had only gone about two miles and were turning onto the main road when a woman stepped out into the road in front of them.
John slammed on the brakes and they all sat there staring at the woman who just stood there looking back at them. The woman was in a blue summer dress that moved in the light breeze. Her brown hair was short and had a ribbon in it that matched the color of the dress. Tim guessed she was around thirty and her green eyes were fixed on the truck. Finally Tim got out, and after scanning the area he walked over to the lady. When he was twenty feet from her he stopped.
“Hello ma’am, did you set those fires?” Tim asked her.
“You’re real, aren’t you?” She asked questioningly.
Tim smiled and took a step closer pointing at the fire on the hill, “Yes, ma’am, we are. Did you start the fires?”
She turned and looked. “Oh, yes I did.”
Tim looked at her quizzically. “Are you okay lady?”
She walked over to him, her hands were trembling. When she reached him she stopped and held out her right hand and touched him. “Thank the Lord, you are real. Where did you come from?”
Tim smiled and pointed in the direction of the harbor. “A boat, we were sailing by and saw your fires.”
“Thank God,” she said. “I only light them every other day and I had just finished the one on that hill and was heading home and I heard your truck.”
“Are you alone?” Tim asked.
She nodded. “Yes, and I have been for over a month.”
“Come with us, you don’t have to be alone anymore,” Tim offered.
Tim took her hand and led her back to the truck, and then they drove back to the dock where Charles helped her out of the truck. Tim called to the other women, “Asa! Kelly! Sabrina! We have a visitor.”
Asa and Kelly came on deck and helped the woman onboard.
Charles walked over to Tim. “We’re going to need a bigger boat if this keeps up. Do we leave now or stay and get some supplies?”
Tim lit a smoke. “Let’s see what the lady has to say.”
They all went below to the galley. Asa was making some tea as Kelly and Sabrina talked with the newcomer. She sat there looking at Asa and Kelly nodding.
Finally she spoke. “Where did you come from?”
“I am from Okinawa, Japan, and Kelly here is from America, but we picked her up in Madagascar,” Asa told her.
The lady looked surprised, “Did you say Okinawa, Japan? My word, that’s on the other side of the world. How did you get here?”
“My friend Tim has brought us,” Asa said. “He is trying to get us to France.”
“Well that is some voyage you have taken,” she said admiringly.
“What is your name?” Asa asked.
“Where are my manners? I am Grace McMillan I was a teacher before the world ended.”
“What luck, I was a student,” Asa said smiling. “You can finish my schooling.”
They all laughed as Asa brought her up to date on their odyssey so far. Grace would stop her from time to time and ask questions, and when Asa was done Grace smiled. “Welcome to Cape Town, I am the Governor, Mayor, Chief of Police and Port Authority. Do any of you have anything to declare?”
Asa laughed and they all got up and went on deck. The men were on deck smoking cigars. Asa walked up to them. “Her name is Grace and she is a teacher.”
Tim extended his hand to her. “I’m Tim, I used to be a Marine, but now there isn’t a Marine Corps anymore.”
She shook his hand. “Now you’re a leader, good thing the Marines taught you well.”
Tim smiled. “Thank you, ma’am, I’m glad you think so. Is it safe to stay here?”
“I have been here for over two months and had no problem. There was one other survivor, but he drank himself to death a month ago.”
“I’m sorry you had to be alone so long. It took us a bit longer to get here than we planned,” Tim explained.
Grace took Tim by the arm. “Why don’t you all come to my house for dinner and we can get some supplies tomorrow.”
They agreed, grabbed their weapons and followed her to her home. It was a lovely house just off the coast, but before they entered Tim insisted that they put out sentries.
“What on earth for?” Grace asked.
“Crazies mostly, but you never know.”
“What are crazies?” She asked.
“Survivors of the plague that didn’t die. They went nuts and kill everyone they see.” Grace nodded. “Oh, those people. Most of them have died off. Starved I think.”
Tim nodded. “I wondered why I hadn’t seen any for a while. I would still like to post someone to keep an eye out.”
Asa stepped forward and explained about their run-in with Sera and her crew. Grace turned to Tim. “Well I don’t blame you, dear. The back door is that way and this is the only other entrance.”
Charles took watch at the back and Henrik posted himself at the front as the rest of them went in. Grace went to the kitchen and started to cook. Kelly, Sabrina and Asa joined her and their laughter was soon heard throughout the house.
Tim turned to Jase. “It is good to hear Kelly and Sabrina laughing. I think they are going to be okay.”
“With time they even may want the company of a good man,” Jase told him.
“You have a good man in mind?” Tim asked smiling.
Jase smiled. “I think I rather fancy Kelly, mate. She would make a man a good wife.”
John nodded. “Go slow and I think she will come around.”
Grace and the girls came out and served up a wonderful meal and afterwards they sat in the living room talking. Tim finally called Henrik and Charles to join them. He told them he had a good feeling about this place and they could risk having no sentries. Grace lit a fire and they sat and talked until the early hours of the morning. Then Grace brought down quilts and pillows and then all went to sleep in front of the fire. Asa curled up next to Tim, and as they lay there Tim noticed Kelly lay down next to Jase.
He smiled to himself. “That old dog John was right.”


Chapter 18
They woke late the next day to the smell of frying eggs. Tim rose and followed the smell to the kitchen where he found Grace cooking. “Are those eggs I smell?”
“Yes they are,” Grace said as she cooked. “Would you like some bacon to go with them?”
Tim nodded and then looked at the pile of toast on the table. “Fresh bread, I must be dreaming.”
She laughed and pushed the plate in front of him. The others staggered in and joined Tim and before long a full on breakfast feast was underway. While they ate Grace disappeared upstairs and after thirty minutes she returned with a suitcase.
“I’m ready to leave now. I’ve always wanted to see France.” They all got up and gathered their things and assembled in front of the house. Grace turned and looked at the door and then looked over at Asa. “I have lived here my whole life and I never thought I would leave.”
Asa took her hand. “We will find you a new house.”
Grace smiled, and picking up her bag, turned and walked back to the boat with the others following. When they arrived, Tim asked Henrik to join him. “Let’s go get some supplies while she settles in.”
Henrik nodded and they got in the truck and drove back to a grocery store they had walked by on their way. They filled two carts with water and canned goods then returned to the yacht just after noon. The others came out and helped them load the supplies, and as the sun set they sailed out of the bay and headed north again.
***
Charles put her into the wind, and as the yacht picked up speed, Tim called Henrik over. “Today you become a sailor; Charles will let you know what to do.”
He left and, as he went below, he heard Charles start to bark orders to his newest plebe. Henrik caught on quickly and Jiro resumed teaching karate with the help of Asa. Jase continued his first aid classes each night and so they passed twenty days at sea. On the morning of the twenty first day they were off the coast of Angola when they spotted another ship on an intercept course with them from the coast.
Tim looked through his binoculars and after a good minute he yelled to Charles, “I think they may be more pirates! They have a large weapon on the front of their boat and it is being manned.”
Suddenly Tim saw flashes coming from the gun. “Get down!”
Bullets came whizzing by the front of their yacht.
“I think they mean to have us heave to,” Charles told him.
Tim stared at the approaching boat. “It looks that way. See if you can stall them while John and I think of something.”
Charles waved to the boat while Jiro and Henrik lowered the sails. Tim pulled John to the opposite side of the boat and gave him his plan. John nodded and made is way aft to the machine gun. It was still under a tarp, and he slid under it and waited while Tim pulled out his grenade launcher and hid behind the cabin.
The other ship came along side. Tim counted five men on board, and all of them were armed. Their captain spoke. “What have we here, some lost sheep? Do you have a permit to travel these waters?”
The other men on the boat laughed. “Perhaps you need to be taught a lesson?”
Tim could see where this was headed and he didn’t even hesitate. He stood up and fired two grenades into the machine gun mounted on the pirate’s boat. The explosion rocked their ship, killing the man sitting at the gun and causing one of the other men to fall overboard.
The other two men fired their weapons and wood on the yacht splintered along the side of the crew cabin. John pulled the canvas free and fired a burst at the ship catching the captain full in the chest. The man fell backwards into the ocean. Tim was dropping his launcher and reaching for his M16 when a burst of fire came from the forward gun of the pirate ship.
The sailboat rocked with the impact of the fifty-caliber shells hitting it and Tim lost his footing falling overboard. As he fell he managed to grab the railing and was barely hanging on. John fired a second volley and killed the man that had fired the machine gun. The last pirate was taking aim on John when Jiro fired his shotgun. The man flew back and into the ocean.
Tim yelled for help and Henrik was the first to get to him. He helped Tim back on board and they looked over at the pirate ship. There was no movement on board, but they heard someone yelling from the water. Jiro walked over to the edge and looked down, the pirate that had fallen over board was calling for help.
Jiro was taking aim on him when the man screamed, suddenly the water appeared to boil and the man thrashed about, screaming even worse. Then he was silent as he bobbed up and down, the water turning crimson around him.
“Sharks!” yelled Charles and he pointed to three more coming up to feed.
They looked away as the sharks began to feed on the bodies of the pirates that had fallen overboard. Asa came on deck. “Were taking on a lot of water and there is a big hole in the side of the boat!”
Tim yelled over to Charles. “Get us alongside their ship.”
Charles did so and Tim tied the two vessels together.
“Charles, get below and see how bad it is,” Tim told him.
Just as Charles turned to go below, Jase came on deck. He was carrying Sabrina’s lifeless body in his arms, her dress stained with blood. Jase looked up at Tim and laid her down gently on the deck. Tim slowly nodded and called out, “Is anyone else hurt?”
Charles went below and after a minute came back on deck. “I am afraid it is very bad Tim, she is going to founder. We need to get everything and everyone on that boat over there quickly.”
Tim nodded and yelled out. “Get everyone to transfer everything onto the pirate’s boat now.”
They worked as fast as they could to transfer the water, food and most of the medical supplies on board the new boat when the yacht’s bow started to go under. Tim called for everyone to get aboard the pirate boat as he pulled the last crew-served weapon off its mount. He jumped aboard the pirate boat and they cast off the lines. Charles backed the motor boat away from the yacht and watched as his ship slipped below the waves.
Charles called out, “There she goes. She was one fine ship.”
Tim walked up behind him and put his hand on his shoulder. “Yes, she was, thanks to her and her skipper we made it this far.”
They spent the rest of the day cleaning out the ship. They threw the dead pirates overboard, then stowed their gear. Asa and Kelly wrapped Sabrina up in a blanket and placed her on the bow of the ship.
“We can’t bury her here, the sharks will eat her,” Asa said with tears in her eyes.
“We can bury her in the morning.” Tim told her.
Charles piloted the ship through the night and in the morning they stopped just at sunrise. They all came on deck and Jase said a prayer. Then Tim and John slid Sabrina gently over the side and into the ocean and they continued their voyage north.
Charles called Tim over. “We have enough fuel for about a week, and then we are going to have to put in somewhere.”
“We need to find another boat, Tim told him. “This one is not going to do.”
“We should find another sail boat,” Charles added.
***
Tim, Henrik and Charles took turns at the helm. They’ went along the coast for five days when Charles came on deck. “Next place we see that we can put in we have to. We need fuel now.”
Tim pulled out the chart and scanned it. “I put our position here. Let’s try to make Port-Gentil.”
“We should be able to make that by sunset,” Charles said.
They arrived just as the sun was setting and Charles brought them up to the dock. Tim organized them into two-man teams. Jiro with John, Charles with Henrik, and Jase with himself, then they searched the dock for fuel.
It was after midnight when they finally found enough to fill the tanks of their new vessel. Tim had Charles put out to sea at once, he did not like the look of this port and besides, as Charles pointed out, there were no sailboats.
They continued up the coast, and Tim studied the charts looking for a likely port to find a new larger sailboat. Tim came on deck and spoke to Charles. “This coast is a dead zone; the closest thing to civilization is Douala.”
“I guess that will have to do,” Charles agreed.
They made Douala three days later and as they came into view of the docks, John was the first to speak.
“What a dump, this place is a shit hole,” Tim said as he smiled. “Welcome to the ass end of nowhere. But we need more fuel or a better boat, so keep an eye out.”
They went along the ships moored along the docks, mostly huge cargo ships, until they came to the end where several smaller ships were docked. They scavenged for fuel and Charles grabbed several navigation charts from one of them. Charles looked over the charts for likely places to check and then they started back up the coast.
It was slow going; each time they stopped they found the same thing, fuel but no suitable replacement boat. Charles was starting to get discouraged.
Slowly they made their way along the west coast of Africa until they came to Lagos, Nigeria. As they slowly made their way down the docks they found nothing.
Charles was dismayed. “I am afraid we will be making the remainder of our voyage on this rusty bucket.”
“I think you’re right,” Tim agreed. “Looks like civilization passed by this coast of Africa, too bad the plague didn’t.”
They refueled and headed on, and the next morning they were cruising by the small port of Asa Foah, Ghana. Suddenly, Charles slowed the boat and shaded his eyes, straining to see in the morning sun. There just visible inland was the tip of a mast. He turned the boat around and made his way into the harbor.
Slowly he made his way into the cove until he was coming along side of a seventy-two foot sailing yacht. He couldn’t believe his eyes, but there it was. They tied off to it, and Charles went aboard. He looked around and then turned to Tim, smiling from ear to ear. “It is bloody perfect!”
Tim had Henrik stand watch while Charles did a complete survey of the new yacht. Meanwhile, John and Jiro scouted the immediate area while the others unloaded everything they could scavenge from the pirate’s boat. Jiro returned and went over to Tim. “Tim-san, there is a hotel just up the beach and they have food and water.”
Tim nodded. “Good. Tell John to get back here and we will do a better recon tomorrow.”
Jiro ran back to get John, and Tim returned to his inventory of their supplies. He had removed all of the weapons the pirates had on their ship.
He went through the list again and turned to Henrik. “I was able to salvage one fifty-caliber machine gun and five hundred rounds of ammo for it. We also found twenty-three grenades and five AK47’s along with almost two thousand rounds of ammo. The rest of it is crap.”
Henrik surveyed the pile of weapons. “Along with all the stuff you blokes brought with you we should have plenty, mate.”
“You can never have enough, but you’re right, it will do,” Tim agreed.
Charles came back on deck and walked over to them. “She is magnificent! And she has berthing for sixteen crew and passengers. She has two private cabins, two heads, a galley, saloon, wet room and navigation room.”
Tim looked at him in amazement. “All that is below?”
Charles nodded. “Yes and plenty of storage, fresh water tanks, engine and generator room with fuel tanks.”
“It looks like we just moved up in accommodations,” Tim said smiling.
“She outclasses my old yacht completely,” Charles said admiringly. “Kelly and Grace can have one cabin and Asa and you can have the other. The rest of us will have our own area for now, that is until we find more survivors to join us.”
“You’ve gotten pretty optimistic since we landed here,” Tim told him.
Charles stepped closer to Tim. “Finding this yacht has restored my faith that the Holy Father is looking out for us.”
Tim slapped Charles on the back. “Of course He is Charles, I’ve never doubted it.”
The ladies started the work of moving all the food and supplies to the yacht and then helped Jase set up the new surgery. He had room now for three patients and was quite pleased with the new housing. Tim, Henrik and Jiro transferred all of the weapons and ammo over and then mounted the fifty-caliber machine gun on the main deck.
Tim looked at the pile of crew-served weapons. “We are going to need to find new mounts for these other machine guns. We didn’t have time to remove them from the other yacht before it sank so we will leave this S.A.W. aft for now.”
It was getting dark by the time they finished, and Grace cooked them all a nice meal. After dinner they made their plans for the next day.
Tim called them together. “Tomorrow we need to get water and food. I doubt this place has much in the way of medical supplies but keep your eyes peeled for any hospitals or clinics.”
They looked at him and he continued, “I would like John and Grace to stay here and guard our new home, the rest of us will go up to the town and see what we can find.”
“That will be fine, I could use the rest,” John agreed and then he turned to Grace. “Guess we can get to know each other better.”
“That would be nice, John,” she told him.
Tim continued, “That’s about it. Shore party departs after breakfast. Bring your weapons and remember, no one goes anywhere alone.”
They ended the meeting and most of them headed for bed. Tim went on deck for a smoke and John and Charles joined him. As they stood there on the deck enjoying the night air, Tim looked over at Charles. “We caught a real break finding this yacht.”
“Indeed,” Charles agreed. “It is just too bad Sabrina could not see this.”
“I was thinking about her today too,” Tim told him. “She was a good woman.”
“That she was.” Charles said. “Life dealt her some hard blows, but she never let it get the best of her.”
***
The next morning they ate and then assembled on deck.
Tim briefed them. “John, since we lost the radios when our sailboat sank, I will fire three spaced shots to let you know if we run into trouble.”
John nodded. “Right, but I don’t know how much good I would be if you get in trouble, but I will do what I can.”
“That is all we can ask,” Tim said.
They headed up the small dock and then up the beach to the hotel. When they got there Jase turned to Tim. “I am going to look in town for a clinic.”
“Okay, but take Henrik with you.” Tim told him.
Kelly came forward. “Can I go with Jase?”
“Sure, it’s a free world,” Jase said to her smiling.
They all laughed as Jase and Kelly headed off towards the town as the rest of them went to the hotel. Just outside the back of the hotel, they found three quads. Tim went over and started one. The ATV fired up and he looked over at the others. “We can use these to get the supplies back to the yacht.”
Tim shut off the motor and they entered the patio doors to the hotel. The power had long been off and it smelled stale inside, like death. Then they saw the bodies. Tim turned to Asa. “You can wait outside if you like.”
“No, I go with you, Tim.” He didn’t even bother to argue. Charles located the bar and then found the supply room. They used some hand carts that were nearby and soon they had a pile of water and canned goods by the ATV’s. Charles went to the bar and started to load up some full bottles of various liquors and a couple cases of beer. When they were done, they filled the quads and headed back to the boat.
They unloaded the supplies then Tim jumped on one of the quads. “I am going to go look for Jase’s group.”
Asa jumped on behind Tim, and they sped away as the others started to load the food and water on the yacht.
***
Jase and his group had found a truck and were driving the streets looking for a clinic or hospital. But they saw nothing except bars, shops and a few seedy hotels. They decided to go into one of the bars and have a drink. They stopped and entered one of the cleaner ones.
It was dark and they needed to let their eyes adjust. When they did they found that bar was empty. Jase propped the door open and then pulled open the shades. Dim light filled the room. He walked over to the bar and got out three glasses, “What’s your poison, mate?”
Kelly sat down. “Give me a shot of tequila.”
Henrik smiled. “Scotch mate.”
They sat there enjoying their drinks, laughing and talking about their adventures. It was Jase who saw it first. Standing in the doorway was a large baboon. It blocked the door way with its enormous body, but Jase could see there were more outside. He reached for his pistol and Henrik took the cue, he turned and brought up his M16 and put himself between the door and Kelly.
The baboon stared at them for a few seconds and then roared a challenge. Henrik didn’t hesitate. He fired a burst at it and the baboon fell back through the door. He started to smile when another filled the doorway and his smile vanished. Through the window he could see over a dozen more. Suddenly the window shattered.
“Time for us to move!” Henrik shouted.
He waved the others towards the back door as he fired another burst at the one in the doorway and another took its place. Then two more came through the window and Jase emptied his clip at them. Kelly had her AK47 up and fired at the two coming through the window. They both fell back, but once again, two more took their place.
Tim was just down the block when he heard the gunfire. He looked up the street and saw thirty or so large baboons entering a bar. He heard a burst of gunfire and saw two of them fall backwards out of the window. He stopped the ATV, brought his S.A.W. up and fired three bursts, eight of the baboons fell and the rest turned to face the new threat.
Jase and his group heard Tim’s gun fire and then saw the baboons start to leave so they cautiously followed and watched them head up the street towards Tim and Asa. Tim fired again and six more dropped, and the rest started to run at him at full speed. Henrik stepped into the street and fired at the ones closest to him and three more fell, the baboons stopped again.
They suddenly realized they had attackers on two sides and they broke and ran for the jungle. Tim followed them with his rifle until they were gone, then he walked over to Jase. “Friends of yours?”
“Party crashers, glad you showed up mate,” Jase told him smiling.
Tim scanned the area. “No clinic?”
“None mate.” Jase said. “They must have a hospital, but it could be miles from here. Let’s get back to the yacht.”
Tim agreed, and he got back on the ATV with Asa while the others followed in the truck. When they arrived they found the others arming themselves.
“Did you have trouble?” Charles asked.
Tim turned the motor on the ATV off. “Just some animals, they seem to like Jase.”
Jase walked up. “I think it was Henrik, the big one seemed to fancy him.”
“Bloody hell he was, mate,” Henrik complained.
They finished stowing the gear and Charles said, “Let’s get going, we still have five or six hours of light left.”
Jase nodded. “Sounds good to me, the animals are too friendly here.”
They left the harbor, Charles at the helm, and he was beaming. He had a new boat and as they sailed away, if anyone had been there to watch them, they would have seen the name Sabrina painted on the transom.


Chapter 19
They sailed along the coast and on the fifth day they were off of Abidjan, Côte d’Ivoire. Tim scanned the shore but saw nothing moving.
“I don’t like it,” he said, lowering his binoculars. “The only way in or out is that canal and if someone wanted to ambush us then that would be an excellent killing zone.”
John looked it over. “I tend to agree, besides, we have plenty of supplies. Let’s sail on until we get low then look for a place to put in.”
Charles agreed and they continued along the coast. They fell back into their routines, Jiro teaching karate, Jase teaching first aid and Charles sailing. Grace seemed to spend a lot of her spare time talking with John, who didn’t seem to mind at all. Kelly was always near Jase and the two could be seen disappearing below deck quite frequently.
Tim smiled and walked over to Asa. “I am glad they are finding each other like we did.”
“It’s natural. Each will find a mate,” Asa said smiling.
Charles had found his. He was in love with his new yacht. He constantly referred to it as Sabrina and she or her. The others understood, he had been closest to Sabrina and when she died he was the one that took it hardest. Now he had filled her loss with the yacht.
After twenty days of sailing under clear skies they came to the coast of Sierra Leone, and Tim consulted with John and Charles. They decided to make port in the bay at Freetown. The next afternoon they were just coming around the point and made their way into Man of War bay. Charles had them drop anchor in the middle of the bay because there were no docks. Then they made plans.
***
Mike woke from his nightmare and jumped out of bed. He scanned the room looking for phantoms that were not there. Slowly he relaxed and then laughed. “I’m starting to lose my mind. There is no one left, dammit!”
He walked over to the balcony doors, opened them and stepped out. It was sometime in the afternoon, but Mike could not be sure exactly as he had thrown away his watch. He glanced into the sky and looked at the sun. “I guess it’s about two. Guess I have slept in long enough.”
Mike went back in and got dressed. Then he started to cook himself some breakfast. He stared at the eggs as they cooked and tried to remember his nightmare. Something about it frightened him. He shook it off and then noticed his eggs were burned. “Shit! That’s just great!”
He carried the pan to the balcony and dumped them. As he turned to go back in something caught his eye. He picked up his binoculars and took a better look. What he saw was impossible; there in the harbor was a sailboat. He lowered his binoculars and then raised them again. Sure enough, the sailboat was still there. “I know that wasn’t there before, or am I finally over the edge?”
Mike looked again and saw two men swimming to the shore. His mind raced. What were they doing here? Had they come to kill him? Were they even real? Mike ducked back in the room and tried to think of what to do.
***
Henrik was standing on the bow looking at the shore. “We can swim to shore and get a motor boat.”
John nodded, “That could work, it can’t be more than a hundred yards and there are plenty of boats tied off at the shore.”
Tim agreed. “Then that’s the plan. John, you and Henrik swim to shore, get a boat and come back for the rest of us.”
They nodded and the two stripped down to their shorts. John smiled. “No time like the present.”
And he jumped overboard. Henrik followed and then they heard, “Bloody hell, the water is freezing.”
They all laughed as the two headed to shore. Tim could see them reach the beach and then start checking the boats. John finally stopped and waved to Henrik who came over to him. They both pushed the boat off the shore and got in. Tim could hear the motor start and the small boat headed towards them. They tied it off at the stern and Jiro helped them on board.
John called up to Tim. “We can get everyone ashore in two trips. Should we leave anyone here?”
Tim turned to everyone, “Does anyone want to stay?”
There was a resounding “no” heard from the group. John and Henrik dried off and redressed while everyone armed themselves. Tim came back on deck with his combat gear on, then he handed John, Henrik, Jiro and Charles helmets and chest armor. “Put these on, just in case.”
The men had learned to trust Tim and did as he said. Then they got in the launch and John took them to shore. When they had gotten off, he returned for the others and finally they were all on shore and they started off in the direction of the town. Tim and Charles were on point with John and Henrik coming up the rear.
They walked along Cape Road until they came to a large circular intersection. “Which way Tim?”
Tim motioned to the left. “There is a large hotel over there, let’s go check it out. Perhaps we can stay the night there.”
***
Mike looked through the scope of his Barrett sniper rifle. He was still trying to decide if this was really happening or if he was dreaming. He closed his eyes and then slowly reopened them. As his eye refocused in the scope, the men were still coming towards him. He took aim on the one in front. “If I shoot them and they aren’t real they will just disappear, so that’s what I’ll do.”
Slowly he took up the slack in the trigger. He evened out his breathing and checked the mirage. “Can’t be more than a couple clicks of wind.”
He automatically compensated adjusting his aim point. The man in front was now talking to the rest of the group. Mike started the final pull on the trigger then stopped. A young woman had walked over to the man. She threw her arms around him and kissed him. Mike released the pressure on his trigger finger and watched. That was a strange thing to happen in a dream. “Maybe it’s not a dream. Perhaps this time they’re real.”
He decided to watch and wait.
***
With Tim in the lead, they all started towards the hotel. As they approached, Tim heard a generator running. He halted and crouched down, listened for a second, and then he signaled to the others to take cover. “Someone is here.”
He motioned for Charles to come over and Asa followed.
“Charles, you and I will go up and check it out. The rest of you wait here.”
Asa walked over to him and then threw her arms around him and kissed him.
“Be careful,” she said, and then went to wait with the others.
Charles followed Tim, and they slowly made their way closer. When they reached the courtyard, a man’s voice called out to them. “That’s close enough.”
Tim froze. Again the man’s voice came. “Who are you and what do you want?”
Tim figured the voice was coming from above them. He looked and on the top balcony was a man with a sniper rifle. Tim stood and walked into the open. “We are survivors of the plague. We are just looking for supplies.”
Mike looked Tim over. “You’re a professional soldier, am I right?
“I’m Sergeant Tim Hartmann of the former USMC.”
“Who are the others?”
Tim shrugged. “Fellow survivors, we sort of just found each other and decided to join forces.”
Mike slowly nodded and thought to himself, OK, I’ll play this out. If they aren’t real they’ll be gone when I get down there.
Mike smiled then lowered his rifle. “Tell your friends to come up. I’ll be down in a minute.”
Tim motioned to Charles, and he went back to get the others as Tim waited for their host. Tim waited and then saw a man walk up to the doors of the hotel. He unlocked them and stepped out. He was a tall man, around six foot four inches and he was big. Tim was reminded of the action heroes of Hollywood. He had a scar running from his right eye down to his jaw bone that gave him an evil look, and yet his brown eyes seemed somehow sad to Tim as he walked over to stand in front of him. “Hi, I’m Tim.”
Mike just stared at him for a second then extended his hand. Tim continued to smile as he took his hand. Tim could feel the man was tense, “What’s wrong?”
“Are you real? You sure feel real.” Then Tim understood, “Been here alone a long time, haven’t you?”
“Since it all happened, you’re the first person I’ve spoken to in months.”
Tim nodded. “Hold out your hand.”
Mike did as Tim requested, almost like he was in a trance. In one smooth movement Tim pulled out his knife and cut Mike’s finger. Mike jerked his hand back. “Fuck! Why the hell did you do that?”
Mike sucked on his finger, the taste of salty blood filling his mouth. Tim smiled. “Are we real enough to you now?”
Mike looked like a man who had just awakened from a dream. “Yes, I believe you are. My name is Mike.”
Tim grinned at him. “Please to meet you, Mike. Like I said before, I am Tim. Your an American aren’t you? What were you doing here in Sierra Leona?”
Mike shrugged. “Yes I am, Merc for the blood diamond trade.”
“Mercenary, what happened to your unit?” Tim asked.
“All dead from the plague, everyone except for my boss,” Mike explained. “He just sort of went nuts after he got sick. I had to put him down.”
“Yes, that happens. We found out about it towards the end.”
Mike nodded. “What about you?”
“I am the sole survivor of the Marines on Okinawa.” Mike nodded again then looked past Tim and smiled. “This must be your friends.”
The others arrived to find Tim speaking to the man with the rifle. Tim turned and motioned for them to join them. “This is Mike. He was a soldier of fortune, fighting for pay here in Sierra Leona when the plague came.”
They both offered their hands and Mike shook them. John looked at the man, “So you’re a Merc? What happened to the rest of your unit?”
“Well, they all died, didn’t they?” Mike said. “Just like this stinking town.” He waved his arm at the city. “This place is a shit hole, but this hotel isn’t too bad.”
Tim looked around. “Mike has been here alone the whole time.”
“No, not completely alone, I have been here with them.” He pointed to a couple of bodies near the courtyard. They had been shot in the head.
“They attack every so often. But none of them has made it inside.” Mike smiled. “They’re not too bright. They seem to be dying off, though.”
John nodded. “Yeah, we’ve run into them too. We call them “crazies,” survivors of the plague whose fever has fried their brains.”
“I thought it might be something like that your man Tim told me about them. I can see them through my scope sometimes, eating the dead and attacking each other.”
Then Mike turned to the others. “We should get inside before dark, wouldn’t want them to come up on us when we can’t see them.”
They all nodded and followed Mike into the hotel. He waited for them to enter then locked the lobby door. “No guests after dark, house rules.”
They followed him up the stairs to the top floor and he showed them into the Presidential Suite. Mike flourished his arms. “Welcome to my home.”
Everywhere there were stacks of supplies, food and water and weapons.
“Make yourself at home. Tim, can you give me a hand filling the generators?” Mike asked.
Tim nodded. “You guys stay here, and we will be back in a few.”
Mike led Tim back down stairs to the service area where there were two large generators. Mike walked over and started to fill the one with fuel and he had Tim start on the other. It took them thirty minutes, and when they were done, Mike checked the crossover circuit and then threw some switches. Outside the courtyard filled with bright light.
Mike led Tim back to the suite where they found the others waiting. Grace, Kelly and Asa had found some food and were preparing it. Kelly turned to Mike. “You have fresh meat!”
John stood holding a beer. “And ice cold beer!”
Tim smiled. “Looks like you have a fan club.”
“What’s mine is yours.”
They sat down and ate, and afterwards they told Mike about their voyage. When each had told their part, Mike lit a cigar and leaned back. “That is quite a tale. Mine is much simpler. I came here a year ago to fight the rebels. They paid very well, and when I was not in the field I lived like a king here.”
He took a deep drag on the cigar. “Then the plague came. When it all fell apart I had to fight my way back here. It was utter chaos. People were killing each other in the streets. When things finally calmed down, I came out of my hiding place and started to look around, that’s when the “crazies” as you call them started to attack me. I decided I needed some place to defend myself so I set up here.”
He finished his beer and Kelly brought him another, “Thanks, doll. Well, I have just been fixing things up here since then. I figured I was pretty much going to die here alone, then I saw you walking up the drive.”
Tim looked at him. “Well here is our dilemma. Everyone we have met up with, save the ones with me, have all been hostile. They have outright attacked us or they pretend to be nice and then try to kill us when we sleep, so which are you?”
The others all looked at Tim and Mike. Mike stared at them all for a minute, then stood and walked across the room where he opened a desk drawer and pulled out a pistol. The group eyed him nervously as he crossed back over to Tim.
He cocked the gun and handed it to Tim. “You can shoot me if you want to but I would rather join you. I have had enough of being alone.”
Tim looked the man in the eyes for a good minute and finally smiled. He handed the pistol back to him. “We could use a good man in a fight. Welcome aboard.”
The others breathed a sigh of relief and stood up and went over to Mike and shook his hand, the girls all hugged him. Tim grinned as Mike looked over to him, overwhelmed by the attention he was getting. Tim smiled at him. “Now you’re part of our little family, you’ll need to get used to that.”
They decided to stay the night in Mike’s place. Mike told them they could find quarters in the other rooms on that floor and soon they had all found comfortable beds in the nearby rooms. Jase and Kelly in wandered off to one room and Grace and John to another. Asa left to find a room for Tim and her while Tim stayed to talk with Mike.
Mike looked at the couples leaving, “Looks like you have things sorted with the girls.”
“Is that going to be a problem?” Tim asked.
Mike shook his head. “No, I was just illuminating the terrain we find ourselves currently deployed in.”
Tim looked at him. “It is always best to figure out who is with whom. Civvies can get touchy about these things. We are both professionals, both military, both leaders, are we going to have a problem with each other?”
“It looks like you are in charge here, so I will follow,” Mike told him. “I am used to that. But if something should happen to you, I may assert my leadership then.”
Tim nodded. “Fair enough, but I find these civilians respond better to suggestions if you know what I mean.”
“Now that we understand each other, what are your plans, sir?” Mike said stiffly.
Tim extended his hand to Mike. “It’s Tim, and we can discuss it in the morning. Right now I am going to give my woman a squeeze and get some shuteye.”
“See you in the morning…if she doesn’t kill you,” Mike said with a sly smile.
Tim laughed and then went to the room Asa had picked out. “What do you think of our new friend?”
Asa turned to him. “He is a soldier, right?”
“A soldier for hire, he fights for whoever has the money.”
She thought about it for a minute. “If you trust him I am sure he will be fine. Come over here and make love to me.”
“As you wish,” Tim said and started to strip off his clothes.
***
Tim woke the next morning to the smell of bacon and eggs. He looked over and Asa was gone and the door was open. He got up and dressed, then went to the main suite where he found Kelly, Asa and Grace making breakfast. Mike, John and Charles were talking in the living room so Tim joined them.
Mike looked up. “So what’s the plan boss?”
Tim sat and lit a smoke and took a drag. “What do you think, this is your place.”
Mike looked at Tim for a second. “There are plenty of provisions and stores here. We can take what you think we will need and transfer to your yacht then get out of here.”
“Let’s make it happen then.” They all agreed and the girls brought breakfast in. After they ate, Mike showed Tim around and they took inventory of what he had. Charles, Henrik and Jiro began to move stuff that Tim had marked to the elevator and down to the lobby. Jase grabbed all of the medical supplies and Kelly helped him to get them downstairs while Grace and Asa grabbed some spices and other goodies from the makeshift kitchen.
They all met by the lobby doors and Mike asked them to wait. He went outside, and five minutes later appeared at the front door with a cargo truck, which he backed up to the doors so they could load supplies into it. They all jumped in and Mike drove them to the beach by the yacht. They began to load two of the row boats with supplies and tied lines to the motor boat they used to get off the yacht. The first group had just made it to the yacht when Mike tapped Tim on the shoulder. “Get on the clock.”
Tim instantly pulled his weapon up then he looked in the direction Mike was looking.
“SitRep!” Tim called out.
Mike kneeled and raised his rifle. “We have company.”
A group of crazies came into view and he pulled his trigger.
Tim was in complete unison, he fired a second after Mike dropped the front three. Tim called over his shoulder, “Get the launch back here ASAP and pick us up!”
Jiro called to the motor boat. They were already looking in the direction of the beach and they untied the row boats and started back to the shore. Mike and Tim were already on the offensive, they were moving up firing at the group and covering each other as they went.
By the time the motor boat got to the shore, it was over. The ruthless efficiency at which the two had executed their attack had destroyed the twenty or so crazies in a less than a minute. The two wandered over the killing zone and checked for survivors. Mike pulled his pistol and shot two then they returned to the others.
Jiro just stared at the two of them and as they walked up to him.
“Tim-san, I think you have found a kindred soul, a brother in arms. I pray that I am never on the wrong side of your anger.”
Tim walked over to Jiro. “You could never be on my bad side, little father.”
And he bowed to the old man. Jase jumped out of the boat and ran over. “That was downright scary mates!”
Then Charles walked over. “Like wheat before the scythe. Let us pray that you will always be there to protect us.”
Mike just looked at them and then turned to Tim. “What gives?”
Tim lit two smokes and handed one to Mike. “They have never seen professional soldiers at work. I think it kind of scares them a little.”
Then he turned to the others. “You will never have to worry about us, we are on your side, remember?”
Then as Tim and Mike watched the shore the others boarded, then they got on. Jase brought the motor boat alongside the yacht and they got aboard. The others had already loaded the supplies so Tim gave Mike a quick tour of the yacht. He took him below and showed him his bunk. “This is yours along with the locker here. If you need anything let someone know. We are all one family here and Jase is our medic so call him if you need him.”
Mike tossed his bag and rifle on the bunk. “Home sweet home. Thanks.”
Tim went and found Charles. “Let’s get out of here.”
Charles maneuvered the yacht to the open sea. Mike could hear yelling and went on deck. Tim, Jiro, John and Henrik were raising the sails and getting the yacht ready to make way. He watched and commented to Charles. “You really have them hopping, even Tim.”
“Each of us is master of some skill,” Charles told him. “I am the Captain at sea. If we fly, John runs the show. But Tim makes the tactical decisions.”
Charles smiled at him. “Now I am sure that you will add to our family. Your first lesson is to hold this wheel steady. Our course is here, do not deviate from it.”
Mike took the wheel as ordered and held the course as Charles went and helped get the rigging set. He returned a few minutes later, “Tomorrow I will start to teach you how to tack and jibe, but that is enough for now my good man. Thank you.”
Mike nodded and went over to the other men. “I am impressed. You have this group working like a well-oiled machine.”
“Friends always work well together,” John said. “You should know that Mike.”
He nodded and looked out into the sea ahead of them. “What is our next stop?”
“I try not to think too far ahead,” Tim said. “We are making for northern Spain or southern France and we stop when we need to.”
“Fair enough,” Mike said and they all went below.
***
The next morning after Jiro held karate lessons Mike came on deck with a M16 and called the women over. Kelly, Asa and Grace walked over and Mike began, “This is the standard US military rifle, the M16A4. It is a magazine fed, gas-operated, lightweight, air-cooled, assault rifle firing 5.56 mm rounds.”
He continued and the women listened. Tim looked at Charles. “Guess he’s decided the girls need to learn more about weapons. Good for him.”
They soon fell back into the daily routine, the days rolling by like the coastline. They continued north as the nights became colder. From time to time, Charles and Tim would consult the charts and post the watch. After three weeks they decided to start looking for a place to make harbor and resupply. Tim called John and Mike over. “Charles makes our position here.”
He pointed at the map near Dakar, Senegal.
“We could make port there early tomorrow. What do you think?” Tim asked.
Mike looked down at the map. “Dakar is a good-sized town and it’s bound to have crazies.”
John grunted. “But they will also have the supplies we need. Besides, the crazies are dying off.”
Tim shook his head. “There is always going to be the risk of unwanted attention each time we make port. We just need to get in and get out.”
Jase was standing behind Tim. “They will have the medicals supplies I need there to restock us. I vote we stop.”
Tim looked up at the others. “It’s this or some shithole to the north. This place will have what we need, no telling further north.”
Mike pointed at the map. “The main hospital is less than one mile from the docks. We could send one fire team with the doctor and one to go get water and food.”
Tim agreed. “Mike, you take the team to the hospital and I will lead the others to get food, then we will meet back at yacht by sundown.”
Asa came over as they were finishing. “Time to eat gentlemen.”
Tim turned to her. “Yes ma’am.”
Then he smiled and taking her in his arms he kissed her.
***
That night as they laid there together, Asa turned to him. “You really like Mike, don’t you?”
“Yes, he’s a good fighter, we were lucky to find him.” .
“Do you trust him?”
Tim thought about it for a minute. “I trust him to do what is in his best interest. Right now his best interest is to ensure we all survive. So he can.”
Asa turned and pulled Tim’s arm around her. “Just watch him. He’s a cold killer, and I don’t think it bothers him one bit.”
Tim stroked her hair until she fell asleep. When he was sure she was asleep, he got up and went on deck. He lit a cigarette and thought about what Asa had said.
He is a cold killer. I don’t think it bothers him one bit.
He thought about how it felt to him, did killing bother him? Would Asa stop loving him if it didn’t? Charles came over and stood next to him. “You seem deep in thought, my good man. What troubles you?”
“Charles, do you think I am a cold-blooded killer?” Tim asked.
Charles looked in the blackness around them. “Tim, I think rather that you could be. But the fact that you ask the question means you think about the morality of it. So no, I do not think you are a cold-blooded killer.”
“Thanks. I needed to hear that. Asa is worried about Mike. I think she sees me deep inside him when she looks at him.”
Charles looked out at the ocean. “She sees what you might have become under different circumstances and I believe it scares her.”
“If you ever see me turning into something like that, put me down fast Charles.” Charles looked at him and nodded. “It will never come to that. Asa would not permit it.”
They both laughed, and then Tim went back to bed. Asa rolled over and pressed herself close to Tim and whispered softly. “I need you.”
Tim kissed her and they melted into each other.


Chapter 20
They arrived two hours after sunrise. The port of Dakar used to be a city of more than one million people, now it was quiet and they could see nothing moving as they dropped their sails and entered the harbor under power. Mike had suggested they dock by the military base. There they could get a truck to search for the supplies. Tim was sure glad they had him along. His knowledge of the coast of Africa was paying off.
As they passed the civilian docks they could not see any ships. They must have left port in a desperate attempt to escape the plague. Tim prayed that some had made it as they pulled up to the dock and tied off. All up and down the pier were military trucks of all sizes.
They all jumped onto the pier and split into their teams. Mike handed Jase a radio and then pulled a second one out and gave it to Tim.
Tim smiled. “You truly have your shit in one bag, Mike. I had radios but we lost them when our first yacht sank.”
“Keep them on at all times. Regular radio checks every hour,” Mike advised.
Tim concurred and the two teams headed to separate trucks. Tim had John drive and he took shotgun. Asa, Jiro and Grace got in the back and they were off. John drove to the main road, followed it off base and headed into the city searching for a grocery store. Mike drove their truck with Jase next to him, Charles, Kelly and Henrik all got in the back.
Jase asked Mike if he knew where the local hospital was and Mike shook his head. “No, but it shouldn’t be too hard to find. We can just look for signs; it will be in the downtown district.”
John fired up the truck and headed towards the city. He had only driven three or four miles when he spotted a market. He pulled in and stopped at the front doors. Tim jumped down and looked in only to see the shelves were all turned over. The place had been ransacked so Tim got back in. “No good, let’s look for another store.” John got back on the road and headed deeper into the city.
Mike had driven for fifteen minutes when he found what he was looking for. He pointed at a sign. “There you go, it says hospital this way.”
Jase looked at the sign and then started to look for more that looked like it. They followed them deep into the city and finally pulled into the parking lot of the Hospital Principal de Dakar where Jase instructed Mike to pull around to the emergency room.
Meanwhile, Tim’s team was having no luck finding a grocery store. Finally they passed a huge hotel and Tim had John pull in. Tim got out and called to the people in the back. “Jiro, can you join me?”
Jiro jumped down and came to the front. “What is it Tim-san?”
Tim checked his rifle. “Let’s take a look and see if they have bottled water here.”
Tim and Jiro entered the dimly lit lobby. Luckily there was light coming in from a huge skylight above and they crossed to the front desk where Tim found a diagram of the hotel, “The bar is this way.”
And he headed off to the archway just off the main lobby. They made their way past several corpses and then to the service entrance behind the bar. Tim and Jiro found the water and loaded up the service carts. They would have to make several trips to get it all. Now they would have water for at least four weeks sailing. They returned to the lobby and got the others to help.
Mike pulled the truck right up to the doors and jumped down. Jase looked for any ambulances, but they were all gone. They checked their weapons and entered the building. The power was off and it was dark inside so they pulled out flash lights and proceeded to follow the doctor. He led them to the supply room and they grabbed everything Jase pointed to.
Jase had them load everything onto gurneys and then had Kelly, Henrik and Charles take one each back to the truck. Then he and Mike headed off to find some drugs. Jase found a directory on the wall and followed it up two flights to the main pharmacy. Jase had Mike shoot the lock off and they entered.
Tim and his crew were just as they were finishing loading up their supplies when Mike’s voice came on the radio, “Tim this is team two checking in. Do you copy?”
Tim grabbed his radio. “Reading you loud and clear, out.”
As Tim put his radio away he heard sound, and he motioned to the others and they froze. Tim strained to hear and then he recognized the sound. It was a jet plane, a fighter from the sound of it. He searched the sky above and then saw it. The jet was coming in low from the west and it passed directly over the city. Tim picked up his radio, “Mike this is team one, contact with unknown aircraft, fighter jet, over.”
Mike came on instantly, “Copy, what is your twenty, over.”
Tim said. “We are at the Hotel Astoria Inn, main lobby, over.”
“Roger, out.” John came over to Tim. “What do we do?”
“I don’t know. I never expected anything like this,” Tim said shaking his head.
Tim waited and watched the plane. It made several passes over the city then headed back out to sea. Jase and Mike grabbed all the meds they could and headed back to the truck. When they arrived they found the others staring up at the sky.
“There is a plane flying over the city, mate,” Henrik remarked as they came up to join them.
Jase threw the box of drugs he was carrying into the truck. “We know. Tim called us on the radio. Get in, we need to join him.”
They quickly loaded all the supplies and headed to the hotel where the others were. When they arrived Mike jumped down and ran over to Tim. “It must be from a carrier. It headed out to sea.”
Jase looked at him. “I wonder whose it is.”
“It was an F18 Hornet,” Tim told him. “They belong to the US Navy.”
“What do we do about it?” John asked.
Mike thought for a minute. “We don’t know their intentions right now. They may be looking to help people, but then again, they may be rogue.”
Tim was stunned. He hadn’t thought of that. The United States was gone, so who was controlling the ship? If the captain had gone rogue it would be a terrifying thing with that kind of firepower at his disposal. He turned to the others. “Let’s get back to the boat and then we can decide what to do.”
They got back in their trucks and drove quickly to the dock. There they unloaded the supplies and then went below to discuss the problem.
Tim stood and addressed the group. “We have a situation. It would appear that the U.S. Atlantic Fleet was not totally destroyed. The problem with this is that without the U.S. government to control them, they may have gone rogue.”
He sat down and lit a cigarette, then looked back at them. “Our problem is how do we find out if they are hostile or friendly? And do we take the chance to find out or try to sneak away?”
John spoke first. “Our problems may be bigger than that. Did you ever think about the sub fleet? They can operate for over a year without resupply or even surfacing. Once they launched their nukes they would have waited for further orders, if none came, who is to say what they would do.”
Mike nodded. “It’s not just the Americans we have to worry about. China, France, Britain and the Soviets could possibly have ships out there too. If they start shooting at each other in one last battle they could destroy the rest of the planet.”
It was a chilling thought. Tim had just assumed the fleets would have been destroyed or caught the plague.
“So now that we have the worst case scenario down, what do we do about it?” Tim asked.
Jase looked over at Tim. “I don’t have the foggiest idea, I am just a doctor. Tim, Mike I leave this decision to you guys.”
The others all started to concur with Jase, finally Jiro spoke. “Tim-san, Mike-san, you are the experts here. You must decide for the group and we will follow. We know nothing about the military, but if you are nervous about this, then we should be terrified.”
Tim nodded. “Fine, Mike and John stay, the rest of you can leave. Stow the supplies and make ready to leave just in case.”
The others got up and went to their duties. Mike looked over at Tim. “This is a real pickle. If they find us and are hostile they will either destroy us or capture us. Either way we are screwed.”
John lit a cigarette and inhaled. “Mike is right, I don’t know if we can take the chance of letting them know about us. What if they need crewmen? They may press us into service and take the women for God knows what.”
Tim finished his smoke and put it out. “I concur. We have to figure out a way to get out of here without them knowing about it.”
Mike looked at Tim, “I vote we hold up here for at least a week. We watch for planes and see if they return. It could be that they are looking for supplies, survivors or maybe even a port large enough to dock at.”
Tim pondered that for a minute and then called for Jase to come back. Jase came over and sat down. Tim looked right at him. “Do you know anything about this plague? You were treating victims before they died. How was it contracted? Could it be dead or is it still around?”
He paused for the doctor to answer. Jase scratched his chin. “I really don’t know, mate. We felt it must be airborne as fast as it spread. As far as if is it still alive? Who’s to say? Without hosts to keep it going it may be dead. But the only way to be sure would be to have someone from that ship land here and see.”
Tim thanked Jase and he got up and left. Then Tim looked at Mike and John. “OK, this is the plan. We stay here a few days, watch for planes and see if they come back. I think we need to go to the airport and see if we can get the RADAR running. Perhaps we can see them coming.”
John nodded. “Good idea. We can get a generator from the base and hook it up to the tower and fire up the RADAR and radio.”
“Then that’s the plan,” Tim told them. “Tomorrow we start. Let’s tell the others and then eat, I’m starving.”
John got up and Mike turned to Tim. “If things start to go bad, we may have to head inland.”
“I hope not, it’s nothing but desert that way,” Mike told him grimly.
***
Early the next morning Tim and Mike went to search for a generator. They didn’t have to go far, the motor pool was near the docks and they found several of them lined up there. They hooked two of them up to trucks then drove them over to the yacht. Charles climbed in with Mike and Henrik joined Tim, then they convoyed over to the airport.
The airport was about five miles away but they had slow going. They had to weave in and out of abandoned cars and it got worse as they approached the airport entrance. After an hour and a half they reached the main tower, and Mike and Tim backed the generators up to the building and then got out. “We need to find the main breaker box.”
They split into two groups. After a short search, they located it on the side of the tower building. They cut the main lines coming in and connected the first generator up. It took them two hours to get everything ready. Finally John fired up the generator and looked at the others. “Moment of truth.”
He flipped the output breaker on the generator and then signaled Tim. Tim pulled the main breaker on the building and the generator strained under the sudden load, but then recovered. They entered the building and climbed the stairs to the control room where Mike walked over to the main screen. “It appears to be initializing.”
Tim walked over to the radio and scanned the panel. He found what he was looking for and flipped a switch. Static came over the speakers and he started to scan through the frequencies. Mike and John worked on the RADAR and finally the familiar rotating sweep on the screen appeared. Then they saw the blips— several and all were to the west over the ocean. Mike was the first to comment. “Looks like our guests are still there.”
He looked at the screen closer. “They’re about one hundred miles off the coast.”
Tim continued to scan the frequencies until something finally came in.
“..This is Yankee Niner-Niner, negative on our sweep, over.”
“Roger, return to ship and refuel, over.”
“Affirmative base, Yankee Niner-Niner out.”
Mike and John walked over to the console.
Mike leaned over. “Now we can listen in on them and see what they are up to.”
They continued to monitor the radio and RADAR all day. They heard constant radio chatter, but nothing about what they were up to. They were just searching the area with negative results. Tim looked over at Mike. “What the hell are they up to? What are they searching for?”
“It could be anything,” Tim said. “Hell they may even still be fighting the war for all we know. They might be searching for enemies.”
They listened until it started to get dark before deciding to leave two men there and have the others return to the yacht. They decided to stop using the radios they had in case they might be overheard. Henrik and Mike stayed at the tower and Tim and John returned where they told the others what they had discovered.
Asa reached for Tim’s hand. “Do you really think they would still be fighting a war that is lost?”
Tim pulled her close. “That is a very real possibility. Hell, I would have stayed at my post if anyone else had been there to fight with me. It’s just the nature of the job.”
Asa did not understand, but said nothing. Charles came over, “We should keep the power on the yacht off; they may fly over at night and see us.”
Tim nodded. “Good idea. And we need to keep under cover as much as possible.”
***
The next morning, Tim returned with John and they relieved the others. Mike told them that they had learned nothing new. Tim asked him to try and find more fuel for the generators before he headed back to the yacht and Mike nodded and left. Tim walked over and sat down in front of the radio and looked out the windows. John was over at the RADAR. He put his feet up and watched the constant sweep on the screen. Three hours passed when John dropped his feet and called Tim over, “We have one coming our way.”
A tiny blip on the RADAR screen slowly made its way across to the middle. John looked at the blip. “It’s moving too slow to be a jet, must be a helicopter.”
Tim grabbed his binoculars and looked out the windows. The aircraft was still too far out to see and he lowered the binoculars, then something caught his eye. Down on the ground below him he saw the shadow of the tower and beyond it the RADAR dish rotating. He turned to John. “How far away are they?”
John looked at the screen. “About ten miles.”
“Turn off the RADAR now! They’ll see it moving,” Tim exclaimed.
John quickly turned the power off and Tim watched as the dish slowly stopped.
“That was close,” Tim said. “Did you get a fix on them before you shut down?”
“Yes, they are coming in on bearing two seven four degrees, nine miles and closing,” Mike told them.
Tim looked out the window and waited. Through the open windows of the tower they began to hear the familiar thumping sound of a helicopter. Tim looked through his binoculars and saw it.
It was a Seahawk helicopter, and it started to gain altitude as it approached the city. Tim followed it until it began to hover far above the city. Then he saw a tiny speck fall from it and the Seahawk turned and headed back out to sea. Tim watched the speck drop and then saw a parachute deploy, it was a skydiver. Tim thought for a second. “Perhaps they are sending someone in to see if it is safe.”
He watched as the parachute slowly descended until it landed on the far end of the west runway. Tim turned to John. “Let’s go greet our guest, and by that I mean capture him.”
“And then we ask him what the hell they’re up to,” John said grinning.
The two quickly got down the stairs and then watched the man as he removed his harness and started to walk towards them.
John smiled. “He’s coming this way, let’s hide and jump him.”
Tim nodded and they took up positions and waited. It only took the man fifteen minutes to reach the tower and he started to walk right up to their truck. Tim waited until he started to get in the cab and then came up behind him. “Hold it right there.”
The man froze.
“Step down and put your hands on the back of your head,” Tim ordered.
The man complied and Tim called over to John. “John! Get over here. Cover him and if he makes any quick moves, kill him.”
Tim instructed the man to turn around and then walked over and disarmed him. The man was dressed in a US Navy uniform and had on a survival vest. He had dark hair that was cut very short and was wearing aviator sunglasses. After taking the man’s side arm he removed the radio and knife that were in the vest and then backed away. “Who are you and what are you doing here?”
The man looked at Tim and John. “You’re an American aren’t you?”
Tim nodded and the man continued, “I am Lieutenant Marshall, US Navy, and I am here to see if the plague is still active.”
John looked at him. “You mean then sent you to die?”
The man turned to John. “Or live, I hope.”
Tim cut in. “What are the intentions of your skipper?”
The lieutenant looked at Tim. “What do you mean?”
“The war is over sailor, or didn’t he get the memo?” Tim said sarcastically.
The lieutenant nodded. “Yes, we’re just trying to find somewhere to live.”
“Are you still under military chain of command or have you gone rogue?” Tim asked.
“So that is what you are worried about,” the lieutenant said nodding. “Well you can stop. Our skipper would not put up with that shit. When the fleet was destroyed, we limped out of the combat zone and tried to contact CONUS. When we weren’t able to, we sailed to the center of the Atlantic and waited.”
He paused and looked over at John. “Can I put my hands down?”
John nodded and he lowered his hands. Then he continued, “Anyway, after two months without contact from the rest of the fleet or higher command, our captain decided to start looking to see if there were any more survivors. We have surveyed most of the coast of Europe and North Africa with no luck. Finally our captain decided to see if the plague was still active.”
He stopped and looked at Tim and then John. “Why are you two still alive? Is the plague over?”
“We never got it, were immune,” Tim explained.
“That is interesting. Perhaps you carry the cure?”
Tim looked at John. “We never thought about it, but we wouldn’t know what to do with it anyway.”
The lieutenant nodded and then finished, “Well, our first two volunteers died within thirty-six hours. They were dropped in Cardiff, England and Cadiz, Spain. I am the last hope, they will risk no others if I die.”
Tim walked over to John and whispered. “What do you think? Do we trust him?”
John shrugged. “How should I know, but his story sounds plausible.”
Tim walked back to Marshall. “What’s your first name?”
“Rick, Rick Marshall” He told them.
Tim extended his hand, “I’m Tim, Tim Hartmann of the former USMC.”
Rick took his hand. “Glad to meet you.”
John walked over and shook Rick’s hand and introduced himself. “Let’s hope you don’t die. You seem like a decent fellow.”
Rick smiled. “I vote for that too.”


Chapter 21
They took Rick back to the yacht to meet the others. When they arrived, Asa and Kelly went below to get lunch ready while the men all gathered on the deck. Tim handed the lieutenant a cigar. “You are welcome here as long as you do not do anything to jeopardize our group. If you do you will be cut down by one of us without hesitation.”
“I understand. They are your family. I would do the same in your situation. But I need to contact the ship, they expect regular reports.” “That will be fine. Just don’t tell them about us yet,” Tim explained. “Let’s see if you get sick or not. If you get sick and die, they need not know about us. If you live, then that is a different story.”
Rick agreed and the women brought lunch on deck. After they ate, Tim and John filled Rick in on their voyage to date. Rick was suitably impressed, “You did this all on your own? That is quite a feat.”
Charles smiled. “Anything is possible if you have no choice in the matter.”
“So you saw survivors in the Maldives and Seychelles?” Rick thought about it. “If I get sick, perhaps the ship’s crew can go there?”
Tim nodded. “That just might work, if the rest of the world is death to your crew, then that may be a haven for them. You might even try to find other pockets of survivors and band together.”
Rick liked the idea, but prayed he would live and therefore they could just stay here. Rick looked at Tim. “If I survive, we could get news to them or even go pick them up and bring them to here. The larger population we have the better.”
“That is true,” Tim said. “But I would ask them, not tell them, if you understand my meaning.”
Rick nodded and they finished the afternoon smoking cigars, drinking beers and sunning themselves with the last remaining days of summer.
Rick made his radio reports every two hours, and true to his word, he never mentioned the group or that he had seen anyone alive at all. When it was time to turn in they set a watch to keep an eye on Rick and it was just after midnight when Henrik woke Tim. “Come quick, that new guy is sick.”
Tim got dressed quickly and went to where Jase had moved Rick. He was covered in sweat and coughing badly. Rick looked at Tim. “Looks like the plague is still here, those are the breaks.”
Tim nodded and put his hand on Rick’s shoulder. “How do you want us to handle things?”
“Please put me where I can see the ocean,” Rick told him. “I’ve been a sailor my whole life, the sea is my home.”
Tim nodded. “We will take care of it when the time comes and I will contact your ship and let them know what happened to you.”
“You are going to risk letting them know you are here?” Rick asked surprised.
“It appears we are carriers,” Tim told him. “They will not risk contact with us. At least I can tell them about the other survivors.”
Rick thanked him and started to cough again and Tim looked at Jase. “Make him comfortable please. Help him if you can.”
Then Tim went on deck and sat down. He lit a smoke and then lifted Rick’s radio to his ear. “Calling the captain of the US warship off the coast of Dakar, over.”
There was a long silence and he repeated his call. After a few minutes a voice came over the earpiece. “This is Captain John Fitzpatrick of the USS Theodore Roosevelt. Who am I speaking to, over.”
Tim took a drag off his smoke and exhaled. “This is Sergeant Timothy Hartmann, USMC. I have a message from Lieutenant Rick Marshall, over.”
There was another pause, and then the captain came back on. “Go ahead, over.”
“Marshall is dying from the plague. Sorry for the bad news sir, over.”
After what seemed several minutes he came back on, “Understood, what is your situation, Sergeant, over?”
“I am leader of a small group of survivors. We appear to be immune to the plague, but also appear to be carriers, over,” Tim said.
The captain replied, “Understood, can we assist you, Sergeant, over.”
Tim was relieved the captain had not pressed him further. He pressed the transmit key again, “No, but thank you. I do have some information for you though, captain, over.”
“Proceed, over.”
Tim continued, “There are other pockets of non-infected survivors we passed on our voyage here. They are on the Maldives and Seychelles Island chains, over.”
“Understood and thank you, anything else, over?” the captain asked.
“We will take care of Rick and God speed, Captain, over.”
There was a long pause then the captain came back on. “Thank you, Sergeant, we wish you God speed too. May the Heavenly Father have mercy on us all, out.”
Tim put the radio down and looked over the city. The sun was starting to rise and below deck he knew that Rick would not last the day.
Rick died late that morning. Kelly had stayed with him the whole time. She wiped his face and gave him water. She came on deck and walked over to where Tim was standing. “He’s dead.”
She walked to the bow and sat there alone. They could hear her crying softly. Tim looked at Asa. “You know she’s not just crying for Rick, she’s crying for the world.”
Asa sat beside Tim. “What do you mean?”
Tim put his arm around her. “What if we can’t have children? What if we have them and they just get sick and die? This could be the end of us all.”
“Let’s not think about it now. Let’s just wait and see.”
Tim was content to wait. He picked up the bottle of scotch next to him and took a drink. Then he poured the rest of it into the bay. “This is for you Rick.”
He pulled Asa closer and looked up at the noon sun. All afternoon everyone kept to themselves. No one seemed to want to talk, then just sat and stared at the dead city. They ate a cold dinner of MREs and then went to bed early.
***
The next morning they took Rick’s body and buried it on the north fairway of the Parcours de Golf des Almadies golf course. Tim stood looking out to sea while Charles and Jase read some verses from the Bible. When they were done Tim called the men together. “Like I explained to you on the yacht, okay?”
They all nodded and lined up. Tim came to attention and yelled, “Detail, attention!”
The men came to attention and waited. Tim saluted and pausing between words yelled, “Ready, Aim, Fire!”
The line of men brought up their rifles and fired into the air. Tim repeated the commands two more times and two more times a volley sounded. Tim dropped his salute. “Order arms!”
The men recovered and then they walked back over to the others. Asa went to Tim and put her arm around him. They turned away and walked down to the beach. They sat down near the ocean and silently watched the waves until the sun went down.
After they returned to the boat, they started preparations to leave. Grace started to make dinner for them and Tim was on the deck smoking with John and Mike when they heard the sound of jets approaching. The sun was getting ready to set as they looked to the west. Mike was the first to see them.
Five F18’s coming in low and fast. As they reached the harbor, one peeled off and the rest did a flyby of the harbor. Tim and John saluted as they flew over in the Missing Man formation. Asa came on deck as they passed and walked over to Tim. “What’s going on?”
“It is a salute to a comrade who has died,” he explained. “They are saying goodbye to Rick.”
She nodded and watched as the planes banked and headed back out to sea. They all went below and once again ate in silence. Then everyone but Tim went to sleep. Tim went on deck to stand watch till Mike relieved him. Mike came up around midnight and walked over to Tim. “Time for my watch, you get some shuteye.”
“We need to start heading north. I think we should leave in the morning,.” Tim said.
“I’m just along for the ride. If you say we go, we go.”
“You’re more than just along for the ride, you are a part of the team,” Tim said hotly. “I need your opinion, dammit! Are we doing the right thing?”
Mike pulled a cigarette out and lit it. “Well, I really don’t know. I had just planned to stay in Sierra Leone.”
“Not much of a plan,” Tim told him flatly. “I would think that you would have been more ambitious.”
“Well, I was more of a follower,” Mike explained. “I think your plan of Europe is fine, but it could be problematic. Once we get to Spain or even the coast of France we will be heading inland. Up till now you have been safe on your boat; that won’t be the case then.”
“Yes that is why I need you,” Tim said. “They will need all the protection we can give them. I want you to be the chief of security from now on. Just consult with me before you start anything, okay?”
Mike put out his smoke and looked at Tim. “Okay. So what’s the plan?”
Tim tossed his smoke into the harbor. “Tomorrow we leave and head north. I think we can make it to Casablanca before we need to make port again. Then one more jump and we will be in the Mediterranean.”
“I like the sound of that, the Med is nice this time of year,” Mike mused. “See you in the morning.”
Tim went below.
***
After breakfast they made ready to leave. Charles was checking the charts while the others got the yacht ready for sailing. Charles finally came on deck and yelled to Jiro to cast off the lines. They slowly made their way out of the harbor and then turned north again. Tim made his way back to where Charles was. “Did you get an estimate on how long until we can be in Casablanca?”
“I would make it about a fortnight, give or take a day.”
Tim nodded. “Sounds good, we can make port there and resupply then push on to Gibraltar.”
Charles turned the yacht into the wind a bit more. “Then what, Tim, have you made any final plans?”
Tim lit a cigarette. “No, but I have been thinking about it and I see two routes. One is to land at Gibraltar and head inland. The second is to enter the Med and make for a port in southern France. What do you think?”
“If it is up to me, I say southern France. The trip will be safer on the yacht.”
“You’re right, of course,” Tim agreed. “But we may find some place nice in Spain.”
Charles called out to John and Jiro to tighten some lines and then looked back at Tim. “We could land on the western coast of Spain and then drive north from there. We can call it a compromise.”
“Done,” Tim said with a smile. “Let’s check the charts tonight for a likely port and we can tell the others.”
Tim went down below and found Kelly standing outside one of the two bathrooms. He walked over to her. “What’s wrong with the other head?”
“Nothing. Asa has been in there for over an hour, I think she’s sick.”
Tim knocked on the door. “Asa, are you okay?”
Tim heard the lock click and Asa opened the door. She looked terrible. Tim turned to Kelly. “Go get Jase right now.”
She ran off get him as Tim helped Asa back to their cabin and then went and got a wet rag to wipe her face with. Jase came running down the stairs followed by Jiro, Kelly and John. Jase called over to him. “What’s wrong Tim?”
“It’s Asa, I think she’s sick,” Tim told her anxiously.
Jase walked over to where Asa lay and put his hand on her forehead. “She hasn’t got a fever. What ails you love?”
“I woke up this morning and my stomach is in knots,” Asa explained. “I have been throwing up since.”
Jase had Tim step back and called for Kelly to bring him his medical case. She ran off and returned quickly with his black bag. Then he looked at the others. “Can you give her a little privacy mates?”
Tim and Jiro nodded and went back on deck. Thirty minutes later Jase came back on deck and Tim ran over to him, “Well what’s wrong with her? Is it the plague?”
Jase smiled and shook his head. “No, not the plague mate. She’s up the duff.”
Tim just looked at him funny. “What the hell does that mean?”
Charles looked over at him and laughed. “What our Aussie friend is so eloquently trying to tell you is that you are going to be a father.”
Tim looked over at him, then back to Jase, who was grinning at him. Then John walked over and took his hand. “Congratulations, Tim. Our first kid is on the way.”
Tim was speechless. He just kept looking from face to face. Then he sat down and pulled out a smoke. Kelly brought Asa on deck; she was looking much better. She walked over and sat next to Tim, who just looked over at her. She smiled at him. “You’re lucky my father is not still alive. He would not be happy with you.”
Tim turned to her and saw her smile. “Are you feeling better? Are you okay?”
“Yes, I am fine, just a bit pregnant,” Asa teased.
Tim reached over and touched her belly then looked up at her. “You have my child in you. I just can’t believe it.”
She tried to look serious. “Well you better believe it, mister. It didn’t get there on its own.”
The others laughed and Tim looked around at them. Then he stood up and smiled at them. “I’m going to be a dad, can you beat that!”
The rest of that day Kelly and Grace made everybody else stay on deck. They brought them lunch on deck and when dinner came around they finally let the rest of them come below. They had decorated the common room and made a grand feast. Everyone sat down and Kelly and Grace served them. After they had eaten, although Asa graciously declined most of it, they brought out a small cake. Grace had done her best and on the top in spidery letters it read.
“Congratulation Tim and Asa.”
They all sang “For He’s a Jolly Good Fellow”, and by the time they were done, Tim and Asa were thoroughly embarrassed. Tim stood and lifted his glass. “To the finest friends a man has ever had. I am just sorry the world had to end for me to find you.”
Then he looked over at Charles. “Being as you are the captain of this boat, do you think you could marry us?”
Asa looked up at him and started to cry as Charles stood. “I would be honored to, my good man.”
The Tim turned to Jiro, “Little Father, could you be so kind as to give Asa away?”
Jiro stood and bowed. “It would be a very great honor, Tim-san.”
Tim smiled. “Great, then we can have the ceremony in Casablanca.”
They all got up and congratulated Asa as Tim got up and went up on deck. John was manning the wheel and he went over to him. “John, could you do me a favor?”
“What do you need?” John asked.
“Charles is going to marry me and Asa. Would you be my best man?”
John smiled. “You know I will, Tim. It’s about time you made an honest woman of her.”
Tim smiled and shook John’s hand. “Thanks buddy. I knew I could count on you.”
Tim went back below and walked over and took Asa by the hand. Then begging everyone’s pardon, they slipped away to their cabin.


Chapter 22
Jase gave Asa a full physical and then gave her some vitamins. “Take these for now, but we really need to find you some prenatal vitamins. We can look next time we make port. I also want you to start eating better and to have a look at you every week. If you have any change in the way you are feeling, love, you get me right away, okay?”
“Yes Jase, I will.” Asa told him.
“Don’t worry, love, it will be fine,” Jase explained. “You have all of us looking after you now.”
Once the excitement died down, they fell back into their routines again, with the exception of Jiro insisting that Asa not participate in the karate. Time passed quickly and soon they found themselves off the coast Morocco. Charles pulled Tim aside. “We should make Casablanca in two days at the most.”
Tim looked at the map. “That will be great, I want to surprise Asa and find a little church to get married in. I have spoken with Jase and Kelly and they are going to try and find a wedding dress when we get there.”
“Why, I never figured you for the romantic type, Tim,” Charles said.
“This is all for Asa, you know that,” Tim replied slightly embarrassed.
“I know, but I still like giving you a hard time,” Charles replied smiling.
They made the port of Casablanca just before noon on the second day. John scanned the port area, and seeing no movement, pulled up to the dock. Jiro jumped down and tied them off as Mike and Tim appeared on deck in full combat gear. “We will scout the immediate area and if it is safe we will come back and get you.”
Charles stepped forward. “Be careful, my good man, it would grieve me to see Asa a widow before she was married.”
Tim nodded to him and the two headed down the pier. As Tim and Mike walked, they scanned ahead for danger. When they reached the end and looked around, there was nothing, just two large barren lots and a small marina that was empty. They walked across the main road and found several cars there. A quick search found one that had keys in it. They jumped in and slowly drove down the main road that followed the harbor and eventually they came to a major intersection. Mike looked over at Tim. “Which way boss?”
Tim looked down the road the way they were going and then down the other way.
“Let’s try this way,” he said and pointed into the city.
Mike turned and they followed the road into the heart of the city. Soon they passed the Hyatt Regency and Tim made a note of it. “We can return here for bottled water.”
Mike grunted and continued down the road. They had only driven another quarter mile when Tim pointed at a building. “Look over there that looks like a church.”
Mike looked and then turned down the road leading to where Tim had pointed. They did not have to drive far off the main road when they found themselves parked in front of a Christian church. Mike looked up at it. “Wow, I never would have expected this. Not in a Muslim country.”
But there it stood, a huge cathedral, the sign read.
“Sacré Coeur”
Tim smiled. “It’s perfect.”
Then Tim heard a faint noise that caught his attention, he turned to Mike. “You hear that?”
Mike listened out his window and then nodded. “It’s a heavy vehicle, maybe a military truck.”
Tim opened his door. “Let’s move!”
He ran to the church doors and entered, with Mike right behind him. Tim looked left then right and quickly found the stairs leading to the tower stairs. The two of them raced up to the top and looked out over the city.
There below them they saw it, an armored personnel carrier. It was making its way down the road that was diagonally cutting across the square that the church was in. Tim lifted his binoculars and looked at the truck. “Shit, he’s looking for us. He must have heard the truck engine.”
They watched as the APV came around the corner and headed straight for the front of the church, where it stopped. The back of the APV opened and four men got out, all in combat gear. Mike looked down on them. “They look like they might know what they’re doing. This could be tough.”
Tim continued to watch as they walked over to the truck. One of them checked the hood and then turned to the APV and started to yell. The man on the APV looked up to where Tim and Mike were, and they barely ducked back in time. Mike looked over at Tim. “What now boss?”
“I don’t know, improvise, adapt, and overcome,” Tim told him.
“I always loved that saying,” Mike said grinning. “Let’s go see what these gentlemen want.”
They headed back down the stairs and half way down heard the men below. They were yelling in a language Tim and Mike did not understand. The two stopped and waited. Below they heard someone open the door to the stairs and someone start up the stairs. Tim motioned to Mike to go back up. When they got there Tim risked a look out and saw the man on the APV had gotten down; he had only one man with him. Tim looked over to Mike, “Two down there, three in the church.”
Mike nodded and released the safety on his weapon as Tim set his rifle down and pulled his K-bar out. Then he walked over to the door and waited. The man coming up the stairs arrived and entered the door slowly. Tim grabbed his rifle and pulled him in, then thrust his K-bar deep in the man’s throat. The surprised man dropped his rifle and put his hands to his throat, and then he dropped to his knees. Tim stepped back as the man fell forward, dead.
“Well done, nice and quiet,” Mike whispered.
Tim just nodded and checked the stairs to see if the man was alone. He did not hear any footsteps so they quickly made their way back down. When they reached the bottom, Mike made a quick check out the door. The other two men were checking the main hall and had their backs to them. Tim slipped out with Mike right behind him.
They went to the main doors and looked out. The apparent leader of the men was smoking a cigar and talking to the other soldier. Tim signaled to Mike and they slipped out. Keeping low, they made their way over to the APV. Tim went around the back while Mike went over the top.
They never saw them coming. Tim turned the corner and got the drop on them. The soldier tried to bring up his weapon, but Mike jumped down on him and knocked him out.
Tim walked cautiously over to the leader. “Do you speak English?”
The man nodded.
“Tell your men to come back out without their weapons,” Tim instructed, “If they don’t, you’re a dead man.”
The man nodded and then yelled to the men in the church. A few minutes later the two men inside came out. They had left their rifles inside and slowly walked over to the APV. Mike quickly checked them for weapons and then had both of them sit cross legged on the ground with the hands on their head as Tim looked at the lead. “Well done, you may live through this after all. What is your name?”
The man stiffened. “Colonel Khalid Hassan. What are you doing here, infidel?”
“We are survivors like you,” Tim told him. “Why are you driving around in an APV with these men?”
“I am protecting my country from invaders like you,” he said hotly.
“In case you didn’t get the memo, the world has been destroyed,” Tim said. “There are no countries anymore.”
“That may be what you believe, but this is still my country and you have no right to be here, infidel,” the man said in an accusatory tone.
The colonel looked around and then back at Tim. “What have you done to Amal?”
“You mean the man you sent up the tower to kill us? He failed his mission.”
The colonel looked back at him with hate in his eyes. “Then it is you who have invaded our land and spilled our blood, Allah will destroy you all, infidel.”
“It was thinking like that that destroyed the world,” Tim told him.
Mike looked around impatiently. “This is going nowhere, Tim, let’s kill them and get out of here.”
Khalid looked over at him then back to Tim. “So you intend to murder us too, typical infidels.”
“No, Colonel, I am not going to kill you, but I can’t just let you go either, you would kill us the first chance you get.” The colonel stiffened. “In that you can be assured, infidel, we will not rest until Amal is avenged.”
“These guys never learn, do they? Just hate, hate and more hate,” Tim said looking at Mike.
He was cut short when the man that Mike had knocked out produced a pistol and fired at Mike. The bullet struck him in the right chest and he fell back, Tim opened fire with his S.A.W. and cut down the colonel and the man with the pistol. The other two started to get up and Tim turned on them, cutting them both down with one burst, then he ran to where Mike was lying.
He was breathing roughly as Tim applied pressure to the wound. “Don’t die on me, brother.”
Mike looked up at him. “Too much talk boss, they’re not worth the effort.”
He smiled at Tim and Tim reached into his first aid kit and pulled out the Celox-A. He injected it into the wound and then put pressure back on it. After five minutes the bleeding had almost stopped and quickly he put a dressing on it. Then he slung his weapon and dragged Mike over to their truck. He put Mike in the back and started back to the yacht.
He was honking the horn as he skidded to a halt on the pier next to the yacht and jumped out yelling. “Jase, get out here now!”
He ran to the back and pulled Mike out. He hefted Mike over his shoulder and carried him on board and John helped him get Mike below. They laid Mike down on the common room table and stripped off his body armor, and then he pulled out his K-bar and cut his shirt off. He looked over at Jase, “He has a chest wound here.”
And he pointed Mike’s right chest. Jase removed the dressing and looked at the gunshot, “Kelly, Asa I need my instruments, an IV, and morphine, now!”
Asa ran and got the morphine while Kelly retrieved the trauma tray. They both came back and Jase took the IV from Asa and started it in Mike’s right arm, then he injected the morphine in him and took a closer look at the wound. “This is not good Tim. What the hell happened?”
Tim shook his head. “We ran into some friends of Allah. They were not happy to see us.”
Jase worked quickly yelling orders to Asa and Kelly. Tim turned and went back on deck. Charles and John were there as Tim pulled a cigarette out and lit it. They both looked at him as he smoked, and they had a look of horror on their faces. Tim looked at them and then looked at his hands; they were covered in Mike’s blood, as were his clothes. Tim looked back at them. “I’m okay, its Mike. He’s been shot.”
John shook his head. “What the hell happened?”
Tim told them about their run-in with the locals then looked over at Charles. “As soon as Jase has him stable we need to get the hell out of here. There is no telling if more of them are out there. Charles, have us ready to sail immediately. John, get on the crew served and cover us in case someone comes.”
Tim turned and flicked his smoke overboard, then went back below. Jase was still working on Mike as Tim walked over. “What is the prognosis, doctor?”
Jase didn’t look up. “He’s lost a lot of blood and the bullet is still in him. I need to get the bullet out and stop the bleeding quick.”
“What can I do?” Tim asked.
Jase was digging in the wound with his forceps. “I need some blood for a transfusion, O positive.”
“I am O positive, what do I do?” Tim told him.
Jase pulled the forceps out of the wound and turned to him. “Sit down there and remove your coat.”
Tim stripped to the waist and sat down. Kelly came over with a bag with tubing and a large needle. “This may hurt Tim, I am just learning.”
Jase looked over. “Never mind that, love, just get that started.”
Kelly plunged the needle into Tim’s arm and the blood began to fill the bag. Tim called out to John and Charles, “John! Charles! Get down here now!”
“What is it Tim?” Charles asked.
“Find out who else is O positive and get them over here.”
Charles left and returned with Jiro and John. “They are the only ones.”
Tim nodded and Asa spoke in Japanese to Jiro, who took his shirt off and sat next to Tim. Kelly came over and within a minute another bag started to fill. Tim told John to go back on deck and Kelly would call if they needed his blood too, then looked over at Jase. “Will this be enough?”
“It will do for now, but he may need more.” Two hours later Jase came on deck. Tim was on the bow with Charles and John. He walked over. “I got the bullet out and repaired the damage. He’s resting now and I think he’s going to make it.”
Tim looked over and smiled, handing him a cigarette. “I never doubted it, doctor.”


Chapter 23
After things calmed down, they decided not to leave right away. The next morning Tim went below to check on Mike. Jase was with him. “How is he, Jase?”
Jase looked up from a chart he was holding. “He’s doing better, but we need to find some stronger antibiotics.”
“What do you need, I will go get it,” Tim told him.
“I will go with you,” Jase said. “Asa and Kelly can look after him for now.”
“Meet me on deck in ten minutes,” Tim said and he turned to leave.
Asa stopped him before he got to the stairs. “Don’t get yourself shot, I couldn’t take it.”
“You know what a cautious guy I am,” Tim said smiling.
Asa turned to Jase. “You won’t let him take any stupid chances, will you?”
“Not a chance, love, nothing stupid,” Jase told her reassuringly.
Then he passed her and went on deck to join Tim.
The two men got in the truck and headed into town. This time Tim was loaded for bear. He had his S.A.W. and his M32. They drove down the pier and came to the main road. There Tim saw a blue sign. “That must be a hospital or clinic.”
They turned and headed up the road, and they had only driven a mile or so when they found it. Right across from a huge mosque was the hospital. They drove up and parked. Then they entered the building with Tim in the lead. They finally found the pharmacy and Jase searched while Tim stood guard. It took Jase almost thirty minutes to find what he was looking for. When he had it, he placed it in a bag and then followed Tim back out.
They got down stairs and got back in the truck, and Tim looked over at him. “Do we have time for a side trip?”
Jase nodded and Tim drove over to the Hyatt Regency and parked. They got out and with Tim in the lead they went into the lobby. Quickly they located the bar and Jase loaded all the water he could onto a handcart. After three trips, the back of their small truck was full and they got in and headed back to the yacht. When they got there, Asa was pacing the deck. She saw them and jumped to the pier. Tim got out. “What’s wrong?”
She looked at him with tears in her face. “I was so scared, I had a feeling you would not come back this time.”
Tim smiled and walked over to her. Jase took the antibiotics down to Mike and started them in his IV, and Jiro and Charles loaded the water while Tim sat and calmed Asa down. After they were done, Tim called Charles over. “Let’s get out of here if Jase thinks it’s okay.”
Charles nodded and went below to speak with Jase. Both of them returned minutes later and Charles called over to John and Jiro to cast off the lines. They left the port shortly after midday and raised sail. Charles turned her north again and by nightfall they were well up the coast. Tim lit a smoke and looked over at Charles. “We should be in Gibraltar by tomorrow. There is a British naval base there. We should stop and resupply there.”
Charles agreed and Tim went below to tell the others. When he got below he went over to see Mike who was talking with Kelly. Tim walked up and smiled. “Glad you’re still with us.”
“Next time just kill them before they have a chance to shoot me.” He grinned and Tim just shook his head.
“John would never let me get away with that,” Tim said. “Guess we’re just going to have to find you a better vest.”
Mike nodded. “Okay, fair enough, boss. Guess I need to be more alert next time.”
Tim went over the common room table and sat down. He was soon joined by Jiro and John. John looked over at him. “What’s up, Tim?”
“Nothing, just an update on plans,” Tim said. “Can you get everyone together?”
John got up and five minutes later everyone except Charles and Mike were at the table. Tim looked from face to face. “We will be coming to the Port of Gibraltar tomorrow and we will be stopping for supplies at the British naval base there. We need medical supplies and that is your job, Jase. We also need ammo and weapons, which will be my job. We also need some food. John, can you head that up?”
John nodded and Tim continued. “We are very close now and we need to decide what we want to do next. We can get off the yacht there and continue by land or sail on and make port in northern Spain or southern France. What do you all think?”
John was the first to speak. “I vote for getting off there. I am getting tired of the cramped quarters.”
Jase nodded. “I’m with John. I could use a break from this boat.”
Then Kelly spoke. “We should think about holding up there until Mike heals. The British should have a nice hospital there and good quarters.”
Asa looked at Tim. “Couldn’t we find some military trucks and get them ready for the journey overland.”
Tim noted all they said and then looked over at Jiro. “What do you say, little father?”
“I would not mind taking a break there too, Tim-san.” “Then that is what we will do,” Tim said, slapping the table. “We can do a sweep of the area and if it is clear we can stay awhile. Then we can make the final decision on how we continue.”
They all murmured agreement, and then Tim got up and went back on deck. He told Charles what the group had decided and then relieved him so Charles could get something to eat. Asa came up and brought Tim dinner an hour later and they stood there together watching the sun go down. “If everything goes well and it is quiet, I am going to ask Charles to marry us in the harbor at Gibraltar.”
“I thought maybe you had forgotten.” Tim smiled. “Not a chance, girl, I am not letting you get away.”
***
The next day they entered the Straits of Gibraltar and crossed over to the Spanish coast. As they approached, Tim saw a small boat leave the harbor and head straight for them. “We have company!”
He pulled out his binoculars and got a better look at the boat approaching them. It was a patrol boat and it was on an intercept course with them. Tim noticed that it was flying a Union Jack. He lowered his binoculars and turned to Charles. “They’re flying British colors, but be careful.”
Charles called out, and Jiro and John lowered the main sail as the patrol boat slowed and came along side. John was sitting by the forward crew served and Tim was holding his M32 as the skipper of the patrol boat stepped out. He was a short man, around five foot two inches. His hair was chestnut and he wore a well-trimmed mustache. He was dressed in a Royal Navy uniform and Tim noted his pale legs coming out from his starched shorts. The man looked suspiciously at them as he adjusted his cap. “Right, now what is your business in Gibraltar?”
Tim looked over at John and laughed. Then he looked over at Charles and nodded. Charles smiled and walked closer to the man, “We are looking for a place to put in, as it were.”
“How many are you, my good man?” The officer asked.
Charles looked at Tim and then back to him, “We have a crew of ten including passengers. Please come aboard, my good man, and we could have some tea and discuss matters.”
The officer nodded curtly. “That is right kind of you, old chap.” He turned and called to down below deck and two men and a woman came on up. He spoke with them briefly and then looked at Charles. “Permission to come aboard sir.”
“Permission granted old boy,” Charles told him.
And with that, the man jumped on deck and walked over to Charles. Tim nodded to John and then walked over and joined them. Charles looked over at him, “This is Sergeant Hartmann of the late United States Marines.”
Tim extended his hand and the man shook it. “Please to meet you. I am Lieutenant Commander Higgins, at your service, sir.”
“Nice to meet you, Commander,” Tim said. “Can I ask you a question?”
“Why of course, my good man,” Higgins told him smiling.
“Did Britain survive the plague?” Tim asked him.
Higgins stiffened. “As long as the Union Jack flies, Britain will endure.”
Tim nodded. “I understand. Won’t you come below? We can talk over lunch.”
“Thanks, old boy, love to,” Higgins said regaining his smile.
They went below and Asa brought over some tea. “I am afraid all I have are water crackers, Commander.”
“That will be quite all right, my dear,” Higgins told her.
She smiled and left the men to talk. Charles introduced John, Jiro and Henrik, and then Tim turned to Higgins. “So you are patrolling the strait?”
He nodded. “Quite right, Sergeant. That and security for the base.”
“Just call me Tim. I am the last Marine that I know of so I think my term of service is over.”
“Very well, Tim, I am Stiles,” he said in a relaxed tone.
“Well we need to stop and resupply and we have a wounded man.”
Stiles raised an eyebrow. “An injured man you say? What happened?”
“He was shot by some fanatics in Casablanca,” Tim explained. “Our doctor patched him up but we need to get him somewhere he can recover.”
“Well let’s get him to hospital,” Stiles said standing. “Then we can show you some British hospitality.”
Tim stood and offered his hand again. “Thank you very much, Commander. We’re happy to find some civilized people once more.”
They went back on deck and Higgins jumped back to his ship. “Follow us old man.”
Charles waved and together they entered the port of Gibraltar. Tim smiled as he saw the Union Jack flying above the base. The British Empire, it seemed, was alive and kicking. They followed them into the harbor and tied off at a small pier by the hospital.
***
Stiles walked over. “Hold tight here, my man is going to get a gurney.”
Charles waved and went below where he found Jase with Tim. “Stiles has a man going to get a gurney so we can take Mike over to the hospital.”
Jase looked over at him. “Good, that will make it easier.”
Tim went on deck and found Henrik and John. “We still need to bring our weapons, but we can sling them.”
They nodded in agreement and then waited for the gurney to arrive. Ten minutes later, the man returned. Jase and Henrik brought Mike on deck and together they followed the man to the hospital. Tim and Charles walked over to Stiles. “Thanks for the help. We really appreciate it.”
“Quite alright, old boy, glad to be of assistance,” Stiles said. “Now if you will follow me, I will show you to your quarters.”
Charles looked over at Tim and he nodded. Then Tim called for the others to join them. They all followed Stiles who led them to a building right next to the dock and hospital. Stiles smiled at them. “You should find these quarters to your liking. If you need anything let me know, dinner is at seven sharp.”
He turned and left them. Tim looked at Charles. “Are they always like this?”
“You get used to it after a while,” Charles said with a smile. “Just remember, their stiff manner does not mean they do not like you.”
Tim nodded and Asa dragged him into their room. “Look, a real bed with clean sheets!”
He smiled at her. “Sure doesn’t take much to impress you. Guess that’s why I love you so much.”
“Let’s take a bath and then we can explore,” Asa suggested.
Tim nodded and she walked into the bathroom. An hour later they were ready to leave. Tim went to Charles’ door and knocked. “You in there?”
Charles opened the door. “What is it Tim?”
“Asa and I are going to explore. You guys want to come?”
Charles turned to Henrik and Jiro who were getting up. “Guess we do. John is next door with Grace. Kelly and Jase are still with Mike.”
They left the building and headed towards the hospital. When they arrived, Stiles was waiting at the door. “Follow me and I will take you to your friends.”
They followed him, and as they entered the first thing they noticed was that the air conditioning was working. Charles looked over at Stiles, “I see you have the power running.”
“Yes, the power is on for the entire hospital. My man Jones worked it out.” Charles whistled. “That is impressive.”
They took the elevator up to the fifth floor and there they found Jase. He was in a doctor’s frock and looking over a chart. He looked up as they entered. “This place is bloody marvelous, never thought to find a working hospital. Mike is over there in room five sixty-three.”
Tim nodded and walked over to the room. Mike was awake and talking to Kelly. She looked over as Tim entered the room. “Well here they are now.”
“How you doing brother?” Tim asked.
Mike nodded. “Better now, this is great. How did you ever find a real hospital?”
“Luck really. We met up with some nice folks here in Gibraltar. How are you doing?”
Mike smiled. “I am doing much better. Jase says I can be up and about in around ten days.”
“That’s great. I thought I might have gotten you killed,” Tim told him.
Mike shook his head. “Not a chance. Jase is one ace of a doctor. He’s got me patched up good. He also told me you gave me some blood.”
“Yeah, a pint or so,” Tim said off hand.
“Thanks, I owe you.”
Tim got up and walked back out to the hall. Asa came over to him. “How is Mike?”
“He is better now. Thank God we found this place. Now we just have to decide to stay or continue on.”
“We can talk about that at dinner,” Asa suggested.
Tim nodded and then walked over to Charles. “Asa and I are going to look around.”
Charles nodded and went into Mike’s room. Tim found Stiles and got his attention. “Do you mind if we look around?”
Stiles smiled. “Why of course not, old boy, you are free to go where ever you please.”
“Thanks, I just didn’t want to step on any toes,” Tim explained.
Stiles nodded back and then went over to talk to the others. Tim and Asa went back down the elevator. When the doors opened they were startled to see two people waiting. The first was a woman around thirty five with curly red hair and the other a man with olive skin and black hair. Asa smiled at the woman. “Hello, I am Asa and this is my fiancé Tim.”
“Well hello to you too,” she said with a smile. “I am Irene and this is Richard.”
Richard offered his hand to Tim who took it. “Glad to meet you. Are you the guy that got the power back on?”
“I’m your man,” Richard told him proudly in a think Greek accent. “I used to be an electrician before all this happened.”
“Good skill to have,” Tim told him as he turned to Irene. “And what did you used to do?”
“I was a house wife, but my husband died,” she said. “Ernesto found me and brought me here.”
“Who is Ernesto?” Tim asked.
“He is the last member of our crew,” Richard told him. “He is over at the mess hall getting some food ready for everyone.”
Tim nodded. “Well then we will meet him at dinner I guess.”
They shook hands again and then Tim and Asa continued on their way. They explored the base for about an hour then headed back to the hospital. As they arrived they found the others waiting by the front door. Tim waved and Charles called to him. “There you are. We were about to send out a search party.”
“Is it time for dinner yet? We’re starved,” Tim exclaimed.
“Just in time, old man, follow me.” They walked over to another large building and entered. The room was filled with the smell of fresh cooked fish. Asa smiled. “They’re serving fish! I hope they have rice too.”
They walked over to the one table that had been set and they all sat down. The door to the kitchen opened and a plump Spaniard with curly black hair wearing an apron and chef’s hat appeared pushing a large cart. He came over to the table where he wordlessly started to serve. When he was finished he sat and they all ate. After dinner Stiles stood and lifted his glass. “May I have your attention? I welcome our new guests and toast their good health.”
Everyone lifted their glasses and then Charles stood. “And to yours also, my good fellows.”
After the pleasantries had been observed Tim addressed Stiles. “So what are your plans?”
Stiles seem to be taken off guard, but recovered quickly. “Well, old boy, we had rather thought about staying right where we are.”
“So there is lots of farm land here?” Tim asked. “A good place to set up a village?”
Stiles looked at him queerly. “I don’t really get where you’re going, old boy.”
Tim stood. “What I am talking about is what you are going to do when all the food stocks here are gone? When all of the gas is gone for the generators, what then? Are you going to keep living off the dead or start a new life?”
Stiles sat back down. “I really haven’t given it much thought, old boy. Rather thought to stay put as it were.”
“Well, I have given it a lot of thought,” Tim told them. “The old world is dead, gone. We need to start rethinking the way we live now. We are going to have to go backward in time, so to speak, and become an agricultural society again.”
Jiro stood. “I am a farmer, as was my father. I can teach you all to farm and then we will have all the food we need.”
He sat back down. Tim looked over and smiled. “Thank you little father. Yes, we each have a skill. We will need to pass it on if we are to make it. I have thought about it and discussed it with John and Charles, I think we need to find a quiet valley with good farming land and settle down. I think we still need to try and go on to southern France.”
Tim sat down and lit a cigarette. Charles was the first to speak. “I have to agree with Tim. We are never going to get anywhere living off the remains of society. That is a dead end. We need to start over. Perhaps even try to forget some of our mistakes.”
John nodded. “I too feel that we need to start over. Grace and I have decided to start a family and work the land, so we are with you, Tim.”
Jase was next to speak. “Well I guess I’m in, too. You’re going to need a doctor with as much trouble as Tim likes to get into, and besides, Kelly wants to start a family too. So we will need some other children for them to play with.”
Stiles rose again. “You really seem to have thought this through, old boy. I commend you. We will discuss it amongst ourselves tonight and let you know in the morning.”
Tim nodded. “Fair enough, Commander. Then to your good health, sir.”
And they all raised their glasses.


Chapter 24
The next morning Stiles called on Tim and Asa early. He knocked on their door and Tim opened it. “Good morning, old boy, hope I didn’t wake you.”
“Not at all, Stiles. Come on in.” Stiles entered and sat down. “I spoke with the others and we have decided to pitch in with your lot, but we should discuss the logistics of it. What do you think?”
“Yes, we definitely need to decide how to continue. Do you have any thoughts?” Tim asked.
Stiles noticeably brightened at the prospect of contributing to the decision. “Why yes, old boy. I rather thought we might gather a small convoy of Lorries. We can fill them with the supplies we will need and then motor up the coast. It should only take us a week or so to get there.”
“That sounds like a great plan,” Tim agreed. “We just need to see what the others think.”
They stood and shook hands. “Go get your crew together and I will gather the rest of my folks. Then let’s meet in the lobby in say ten minutes.”
Stiles stiffened and saluted. Then he dropped it and smiled. “Seems old habits die hard old boy. Cheerio.”
He turned and left as Tim walked over to the bathroom and opened the door. “Asa, I am going to get the others, meet us down in the lobby.”
Asa opened the curtain to the shower. “Sure you don’t want to join me?”
She smiled playfully and Tim grinned. “I guess they can wait a few more minutes.”
And he peeled his clothes off and joined her.
***
Twenty minutes later they all met down in the lobby. Tim spoke briefly to Stiles and then turned to the group. “Stiles and I have come up with a plan. Since his group has decided to join up with us, we need to decide how we are going to proceed. I have spoken with Charles and he believes we should continue on the yacht. The only problem is that we will be pushing the limit on crew size and we still need some supplies. The yacht just isn’t big enough for the job.”
Tim turned to Stiles and yielded the floor. Stiles stepped forward. “Quite right, Tim. What we need is to set up a convoy up the coast and then motor up the coast. We can use four of the Lorries here from the base. We will fill them with supplies and tools then we can head north. I have done a preliminary workup and we should use one lorry for medical supplies and equipment, which will be your vehicle doctor. The second will be for weapons and ammo and the last two for clothing, tools, food and water. Tim, could you be so kind as to arrange a crew list for each lorry?”
“Not a problem, Stiles. Now that we are decided on a path we need to break up into teams and get things ready. We will need one team gathering medical supplies and equipment. Jase will head up that team with Kelly, Jiro and Richard. Henrik, Asa and I will work on weapons and ammo, which leaves Stiles, Charles, Grace, John, Irene and Ernesto to work on the other supplies. I can’t stress enough how important that last crew will be. We need to ensure that we have all the things we will need to survive. Tools are a must along with hardware like nails and such.”
“We won’t let you down, old boy,” Stiles said cheerfully.
Tim nodded. “Great, now I would like to leave in two weeks. Mike should be ready to travel by then and we should get to our new home before the snows come. Let’s all break into our groups and get moving.”
Everyone split into groups and started to hash out the logistics. Then Tim and Jase went over to the hospital to check on Mike. When they got there he had just woken up. Tim walked over to him. “How are you doing buddy? Ready to go on patrol?”
“Only if it’s pussy patrol,” Mike said smiling.
They both laughed and Tim looked over at Jase. “I think he’s faking, doc. You sure you pulled a slug out of him?”
“Unfortunately yes, but he is coming along nicely.” Jase walked over and picked up Mike’s chart as Tim looked over at Mike. “We have decided to convoy up to France. We are going to load up some military trucks and go up the coast highway. I have been looking at some maps and I think we may try to settle in the Carcassonne valley of France. What do you think?”
Mike nodded. “Sounds nice. I can still hang with you guys.”
“Good, I would hate to lose you now,” Tim told him smiling. “We will need a good fighter in case we run into any trouble.”
“I’ll be ready, boss. Just remember, less talk next time.” Tim smiled. “Alright, brother, you have a deal.”
Tim left as Jase started his exam.
***
Over the next few days Stiles was in his element. He ordered everything and it moved along nicely. He had selected three British 8 x 8 Leyland Medium Mobility Load Carriers, a Pinzgauer High Mobility All-Terrain Vehicle, and a Tomcar, a sort of scout dune buggy. The load carries were perfect as they had containers that could be dropped and had a capacity of fifteen tons. Tim looked them over as Stiles walked over. “What do you think, old boy?”
“They’re perfect, and I love the scout car.”
“Yes, they are lightly armored, but very swift,” Stiles explained. “I thought you and your women might like to take it. The MMLC’s are tricky if you don’t know how to drive a large vehicle. Your man Henrik can pull it off and I will drive another. I have been showing Charles how to drive the third one. He should be able to manage it by the time we are ready to leave. John and Grace will be driving the Pinzgauer.”
“You got it all planned out, perfect.” “Glad you think so, old boy,” Stiles replied, beaming. “We are on schedule and can leave as soon as your man Jase says Mike is ready to travel.”
“Good, keep up the great work, Stiles.”
They loaded up the trucks over the next week. Jase and Kelly had the others help with the heavier pieces and soon the medical truck was ready. Tim asked Stiles to help him pick out some of the British weaponry since he was more familiar with it. They mounted heavy machine guns on two of the 8 x 8’s and a grenade launcher on the last. Tim found a light machine gun and mounted it on the Tomcar, and then they mounted radios in all the vehicles with backups for each. After two weeks, the convoy was ready and Tim and Stiles stood together looking at their work. Charles came over. “When do you want to leave, Tim?”
“Just as soon as Jase says Mike can ride and not a minute sooner. I will not risk his life again.” Charles watched Tim as he turned and left. “Tim has really changed over the time have known him. He has become a real leader, someone who genuinely cares for his people.”
“I am glad to hear it, Charles. He seems to be a very capable man,” Stiles said.
Charles nodded. “I trust him implicitly. He has saved our lives on more than one occasion.”
“Well, that’s good enough for me, old boy,” Stiles said turning. “Let’s finish up here.”
Tim went over to the hospital and found Jase. He was with Mike who was walking down the hall. Tim caught up with them. “How’s the patient, doc?”
Jase looked up from his chart. “Almost as good a new, mate, I am releasing him today. He will be ready to travel in a day or so, but we need to keep him from doing any lifting.”
Mike looked over at Tim. “I am ready to get out of here. I am going stir crazy.”
“Then we can leave in two days. I will tell the others,” Tim said and he went back to the trucks and told the group the good news. Ernesto walked over with Grace. “Then Grace and I will make a feast to celebrate.”
“Sound perfect. The rest of us will finish up here,” Tim told them.
That night they had a grand meal. Ernesto and Grace outdid themselves and Stiles broke out the wine and scotch. Mike joined them for dinner and they told stories of their adventures till late. Asa brought in a CD player and they danced and sang. They had a wonderful time. Soon they would be starting the last leg of their journey and Tim could not remember being happier. bbbb
bbbbbb***
The next morning they Tim woke late. He got up and crossed to the table grabbing his cigarettes and lit one. He looked over at Asa, who was still sleeping, and smiled. She was the one thing that gave him hope that there was something worth living for. He finished his smoke and got dressed, then exited the room. John was in the hallway and he walked over to him. “You ready to get rolling?”
John nodded. “You bet. I can’t wait to settle down. All this travel has worn me out.”
Tim put his hand on John’s shoulder. “We’re almost there my friend, just one more push.”
They went downstairs and went outside. The sun was already high in the sky as they looked out over the bay and into the Straits. Tim lit another smoke and turned to John. “We should wake the others, have lunch and get moving. We can make Cartagena by nightfall if we hurry.”
“That sounds good,” John said. “Why don’t you check the trucks and I will go wake everyone.”
Tim nodded and headed to where they had the trucks staged and John turned and went back into the building.
Tim had just gotten to the Tomcar when Stiles walked up. “Hello, old boy, sleep well I trust.”
“Like the dead. And you?” Tim asked.
“No complaints, old boy,” Stiles said smiling. “Are we ready to get moving then?”
“Just as soon as we have lunch, John just went to wake the others. Are your folks ready to go?”
Stiles nodded. “They are just packing up some personal gear and then coming over.”
“Well, I am going to get Asa and my gear. I will see you back here in thirty minutes.”
“Right, old boy, I will see you in thirty,” Stiles said with a wave.
Tim returned to his room to find Asa getting dressed. He packed up his gear and then walked over to Asa. “Are you ready to go?”
“I am,” she said excitedly. “I can’t wait to see our new home. Do you think we will be okay there?”
“Girl, this will be the start of something good after all this bad. We will make a fresh start and try not to make the same mistakes this time.”
She kissed him and then he picked up her bag and they walked to the door. As Tim reached for the door knob he heard a burst of gunfire. Tim dropped instinctively and listened. There were two more bursts of gunfire and then he reacted. “Asa, stay here.”
He opened the door and, keeping low, headed down the hall. John was waiting at the end with Mike and Jase. Tim looked at John. “What’s going on?”
John shook his head. “I have no idea I just heard the gunfire.”
“Well this is great! All of our weapons are in the trucks.” Tim cursed.
“What’s the plan boss?” Mike asked.
Tim looked down and thought, then looked up at them. “We need to find out what is going on and then get our weapons. The gunfire is coming from the dock area. John, take Mike and head out the back and make your way over to the trucks. Get our weapons and then get back here. I am going to the roof to see what is going on. Wait for me here.”
John nodded then he and Mike headed off to the trucks. Tim turned to Jase. “Let’s go see what is going on.”
They entered the stairwell and headed to the roof access. He climbed up the ladder and opened the small door. Then he crawled out and, keeping low, he headed across the roof to the edge and looked out.
There below on the dock were five me with rifles and in the middle of them on his knees was Charles. A sixth man held a pistol to his head. Tim looked in the harbor and saw a small patrol boat. It was flying the flag of Morocco. “Shit, more of those Muslim assholes.”
Jase crept up beside him. “Friends of yours?”
“No, more like friends of that fanatic I shot back in Casablanca. They must have followed us,” Tim told him, cursing.
Tim rolled over and lay on the roof and Jase ventured another look. “What do you think they want? They are just standing there waiting.”
“I don’t know we need to get our weapons and go down there.”
Tim made his way back to the access door and crawled in. Jase joined him and they headed down to the first floor. When they got there, John and Mike were waiting. “Stiles is at the trucks. I told him to have his group guard the trucks.”
Tim nodded. “Good, now where are Grace, Jiro and Henrik?
John handed Tim his S.A.W. and his duffle. “They are just outside. I told them to wait until one of us came for them.”
“I see you brought my little friend, thanks,” Tim said. “Mike, get on the roof, I need a sniper. I am going to go down there and talk to them. If I point at one of them you kill him.”
Mike nodded and left without saying a word. Then Tim turned to Jase. “Go get Henrik and have him come here, give this to Jiro.” He handed him an M16. “Tell him to guard the women.”
Jase ran off and returned with Henrik then turned to Tim. “I need my med kit, looks like we are going to need it.”
He turned and ran back to his room and retrieved his med kit and a minute later he returned.
Tim looked at them. “This may get ugly fast. We are going to need a doctor for sure if it does. Stay here and when the shooting stops come quick.”
Jase nodded and then Tim turned to John and Henrik. “Let’s get this done. Shoot to kill if I start shooting and for God’s sake don’t get yourselves killed.”
John smiled. “I don’t plan to.”
Then Tim turned to Henrik and he handed him the duffle. “Take this. We don’t know if anyone is on their boat so when the shooting starts fire several round from this into the boat. I want it out of the equation. Got it?”
“Consider it done,” Henrik told him.
They walked out the door together and headed towards the men. When they were fifty feet away Tim stopped. “What can we do for you gentlemen?”
The man holding the pistol called back. “You killed some friends of ours, infidel, and we are here to avenge them.”
Tim shook his head. “Your friends tried to kill us. They shot one of my friends. We were just defending ourselves.”
“You were invading our country and they were just defending it,” the man yelled back. “Soon all of you infidels will die.”
Tim took off his hat and wiped his forehead. He looked up to the sky and then he casually pointed at the man. A shot rang out and the man’s head snapped back and he fell. Tim and John were already on the move. John fell right and Tim went left. Tim had his S.A.W. up and was firing at the two men on the left side. As he did he saw one of the men on the right dropped as John opened up with his M16. Another shot rang out and a second man on the right fell. Mike was on the job.
Henrik went down to one knee and fired the grenade launcher. Round after round sailed over the men on the dock and impacted on the boat. There were a string of explosions followed by a larger one as the boat’s fuel ignited and the boat went up in flames.
One of the men Tim shot at fell, but the other dodged his burst. He rolled and came up firing and Tim felt the impact of the rounds in his left side as it spun him around. Before the man could fire another burst, his head snapped back and he fell.
The last man stood there shaking, and Henrik realized he had a something in his hand. He looked closer and realized it was a detonator as the man yelled, “Allah Ho Akbar!”
He pressed the button.
A huge explosion erupted throwing John and Henrik through the air and obliterating a thirty-foot section of the dock. Tim, who was on his knees with the dock to his back, was thrown by the blast into a wall where he blacked out.
When the smoke settled everything was quiet. Jase ran to where he had seen John fall and rolled him over. Blood was coming out his ears, nose and mouth. The explosion had concussed him badly. Mike had come down now and was looking for Tim. He found him face down by the dock and rolled him over. He too was bleeding from the ears, nose and mouth and also from his chest and left arm, which was badly injured. He applied pressure on the wounds and yelled, “Medic!”
Jase looked over at Mike and waved, then continued to treat John. Kelly ran over to where Mike was kneeling over Tim. “How is he?”
Mike didn’t look up. “Bad! We need to get this bleeding under control or he’ll die.”
Kelly opened her bag and pulled out the Celox then poured it over the wounds and covered them with field dressings. Mike pushed down on them and waited.
Kelly started to check Tim over. He was non-responsive as she checked his eyes. “We need to get him over to the hospital STAT.”
She ran over to where Jase was treating John. “Tim is hurt real bad, he’s dying.”
Jase looked up at her. “Help John, he will be fine he is just suffering from the concussion.”
Henrik staggered over to where John was lying and sat down. Blood was coming out of his ears and nose. Kelly turned to him and started to treat him, too, as Jase got up and ran to where Tim lay. Asa came out and saw Jase running over to where Mike knelt over Tim and she screamed, “No!”
Then she ran over to them. Stiles and his group came running up and stood surveying the carnage. “What the bloody hell happened?”
John was leaning against the wall and looked over at him. “Just a bit of trouble with some Muslim’s that followed us from Casablanca.”
Stiles looked at the dock and then over to Tim. “Is everyone okay? Where is Charles?”
John looked around and then suddenly realized that Charles was only a couple feet from the bomber. He looked over at Stiles. “He’s gone. He was right next to the blast.”
Grace and Jiro walked up and looked around, then Grace went to John and helped him up as Jiro went and helped Henrik. Together they all walked over to the hospital.
Meanwhile, Stiles and his crew brought a truck around and they loaded Tim into the back. They drove them over to the Emergency Room and rushed Tim into the treatment room. They got Tim on the table and Jase stripped Tim’s clothes off.
That’s when he saw the piece of metal sticking out of this left chest, “Bloody hell! Get Kelly in here now!”
Mike ran to get Kelly as Jase started an IV in Tim’s right arm. “Hang in there mate, I have you.”
Tim did respond as Kelly ran in and over to where Jase stood. “What is it Jase?”
“Tim’s in a bad way,” Jase said frantically. “We are going to have to operate right now.”
She nodded and went to the door. “Mike, Jiro, get us a gurney in here. We need to get Tim up to the operating room right now!”
They wheeled Tim upstairs and into the operation room and then waited as Jase and Kelly worked on Tim. Three hours later, Jiro sat with Asa. She sat in silence staring at the wall, tears streaming down her face. Grace sat next to John, who was on a mattress Stiles had brought in from one of the rooms, as Mike spoke with Stiles. Irene and Richard were on watch as Ernesto cooked some food for everyone.
Finally, Kelly came out of the operating room and walked over. She pulled her mask and hair cover off, then and sat down and wept. Jase walked out and pulled off his gloves, then walked over to the group. Asa stood. “Is he dead?”
Jase shook his head and walked over putting his hand on her shoulder. “No love, he’ll live, but we need to talk.”
Asa dropped to her knees. “Thank you Jase. I don’t know what I would have done if he had died.”
He knelt down next to her and helped her back to her feet. “We need to talk, love.”
Jase pulled her up and then sat down on the couch as they gathered around him. He cleared his throat and looked up at them. “Tim’s left arm was badly injured. I had to amputate it just below the elbow.”
Asa gasped and Jase continued. “He also had this in his chest.” Jase held up a jagged piece of metal. “I repaired the damage but he will not be able to be moved for at least a month.”
Stiles stood. “Right then, we just need to postpone our departure until Tim is back on his feet.”
Jase held up his arm. “There is one more thing, mate. He’s in a coma.”
Stiles sat back down. Asa turned to Jase. “He will wake up, right?”
Jase held her hand. “I hope so, love, I hope so.”


Chapter 25
The next morning they held a small service for Charles. John had found his captain’s hat on the yacht and Jiro made a cross. Jiro mounted cross on the dock near where he died and John put the hat on it as Stiles read from the Bible. They never found any remains. The dock and all the men on it were gone, vaporized in an instant. John and Jiro took it hardest as they had known him the longest and had spent the most time with him.
Jiro bowed. “He gave without thought for himself and without him we would not have made it this far. He was an honorable man.”
John nodded. “He was top shelf all the way. I will always remember him standing at the helm, sailing us to our new home.”
The others just nodded and then slowly they all walked up to the cross and laid small mementos. Then they drifted off to mourn Charles as they would.
***
John and Henrik healed quickly but the next month passed slowly. Jase had moved Tim to the Intensive Care Unit where Asa stayed by his side day and night. She had refused to leave him so Henrik and Jiro set up a bed in the room for her to sleep on. Jase and Kelly took shifts watching over him, and day by day his wounds healed, but Tim never stirred, remaining in a coma.
Jase came out and John waved him over. John was standing with Mike as Jase came up, “What is it, mate?”
“How is Tim today?” He asked.
“The same I’m afraid, mate.” Jase told him. “His body is healing all right, but he is still in a coma.”
“Will he wake up?” John asked.
“I don’t know, the EKG is showing brain activity, so that is hopeful,” Jase explained.
Mike jumped in. “We need to get moving, Tim told me that we needed to get to France before winter sets in, and it is already cold at night.”
John nodded. “Can he be moved Jase?”
Jase nodded. “Yes. But we will need to set up an ambulance to transport him, and we will need to go slow.”
“Get Henrik and Jiro to help,” John told him. “I will get Stiles to have his people help too.”
***
The next few days were spent getting the convoy ready again. Asa had insisted that she ride in the ambulance with Tim, and Jase was not about to argue with her. When everything was ready, they loaded Tim in, and with Stiles and Mike in the Tomcar leading the convoy, they headed north.
They traveled along the coast highway passing through several small towns. Each was the same, deserted with some bodies lying around. Stiles was surprised at how few bodies they saw. He turned to Mike. “Why do you think there are so few bodies?”
“Animals most likely,” Mike told him. “It’s been several months since the plague killed everyone. The animals have been feasting.”
Stiles did not reply, the thought of it was too horrifying. They continued on through the day, driving under clear skies. Soon the weather would start to turn cold and then the snows would come, but for now the weather was pleasant and they drove with the windows down. Once they had to stop and move some cars blocking the road, their drivers long dead. Mike stood guard as Stiles and his crew removed the bodies and then drove the cars off the road.
Finally after eight hours they arrived in Cartagena, Spain. They stopped at a gas station and Mike found a map. He scanned it quickly and found the local hospital. The convoy refueled and then slowly snaked through the city until they finally pulled up the Santo Hospital de Caridad.
Jase backed the ambulance up to emergency entrance and they took Tim in and made him comfortable in the treatment room. Asa, Jase and Kelly stayed with him as the others found beds and rooms. Mike asked Stiles to set up a watch and then Mike took Henrik and scouted the area. They returned after an hour and reported seeing nothing. Asa stayed with Tim as Jase got up to leave. “Call me if there is any change love.”
Then he and Kelly left. Asa adjusted the sheets on Tim’s bed and then sat back down next to him. She was awakened around three in the morning. At first she did not remember where she was, then remembering she turned on her flashlight. Tim was staring at her. “How long have I been out?”
Asa screamed and then wept as she threw her arms around his neck. “I thought I lost you. I prayed for you to wake up and now you finally have.”
Tim put his arm around her and it was then he noticed his left arm was gone. “Well, that’s not good,” he said as he moved the stump.
Jase and Kelly came running in. “What is the screaming about?”
He looked over and saw Tim was awake. “Well, Doc, I guess I have you to thank for being here.”
“Well for most of you being here,” Jase said apologetically. “Sorry about the arm, mate, it was just too badly damaged. The bullet shattered the humorous just above the elbow. I saved what I could.”
Tim nodded and moved the stump up and down. “It is almost healed, how long have I been out?”
“Over a month mate, we left Gibraltar yesterday,” Jase told him.
Tim’s attention was distracted by the mob at the door to the room. Standing there were Jiro and John, both smiling. Tim nodded at them as the rest of the group tried to fit in the room.
Tim looked around at them, and then turned to John. “Where is Charles?”
The smiles faded as John walked forward. “He’s gone, killed in the explosion.”
Tim sat there in silence, and then nodded slowly. “He was a great man I will miss him. Without him we may have never made it this far.”
Jase finally stepped forward. “Tim needs his rest. Let him be. He has time to catch up later.”
The group filed out until only Jase, Asa and John remained. John walked over to Tim and put his arm on his chest. “I thought we had lost you too. I am glad I was wrong.”
Tim patted his hand. “Thanks for not giving up on me, John.”
John turned and left as Jase began to examine Tim.
***
The next morning Tim was up when Jase and John returned. Asa was trying to keep him from getting out of bed and she was starting to get vocal. “Tim Hartmann, if you get out of this bed I will kill you myself, so help me.”
Jase walked over. “You had better listen to her. She has been on a rampage for the last month, better not cross her.”
John smiled. “You better listen to him, she means business.”
Tim smiled and lay back down. “So what is the plan?”
“We are on our way, this is just a layover,” John explained. “A town called Cartagena.”
“So we’re in Spain finally, good,” Tim said.
“So far so good, we are headed to Carcassonne, France.” John told him, “Just like you planned.”
“So what’s the prognosis, Doc? Can we get going?” Tim asked.
“Yes, but you still need to take it easy,” Jase told him. “We have an ambulance set up for you.”
Asa left and returned with a wheelchair and John helped Tim get in it. Then Asa pushed Tim out to the lobby where Ernesto had breakfast waiting for them all. Stiles walked in with Mike and walked over to them. “Well, good show, old boy, glad to see your back with us.”
“Glad to see you too, Stiles. How you been?” Tim asked.
Stiles smiled. “Well one does get along, but these blokes have no respect for afternoon tea.”
“We’ll have to get them in shape, Stiles,” Tim told him smiling.
Stiles grinned broadly. “Quite right old boy, quite right.”
They ate and then Asa helped Tim into the front of the ambulance as Mike walked up to the door. He stood there for a second and then looked directly at Tim. “Sorry, I should have gotten my shot off quicker. It’s my fault you lost your arm.”
Tim was stunned. “Mike it was no one’s fault, just bad luck. Don’t beat yourself up, it could have been worse.”
Mike just stared at him then said, “It won’t happen again.”
He walked away and Tim looked at Asa. “How long has he been beating himself up?”
Asa shook her head. “I have no idea, this is the first I have heard about it. But then again, I have been with you day and night.”
“I will talk to John when we stop tonight.”
The convoy slowly made its way out of town and headed along the coast road again. By noon they were just passing Cap de la Nao as Tim listened to the radio chatter between John, Stiles and Ernesto. He looked over at Jase. “Do they always talk so much?”
Jase nodded. “Helps to pass the time. We should have brought some CD players or something.”
Tim just nodded and continued to listen to the chatter.
***
Off the coast, a Russian submarine was surfaced. A man stood on the conning tower looking through binoculars. His blue eyes blazed with hatred as he scanned the shoreline. Then his eyes found what he sought, on the coast highway he could see the small convoy as it rolled past the small town of Devesa. He lowered the binoculars and wiped the sweat from his brow.
“Right where you plotted them, sir,” said the officers standing next to him.
“What did you expect?” The commander said maliciously. “They are practically telling us where they are going with all their babbling over the radio. Bring us to periscope depth and move along the coast. They will be stopping in Valencia tonight and I will have a surprise for them when they do.”
The man saluted. “It will be as you command sir.”
Then both went below as the submarine quietly dropped below the water heading north.
***
The convoy arrived in Valencia late in the afternoon and they scouted around for a hotel. John suggested that they look over by the airport as they always seem to have them there. They found a map and made their way over to the airport and found what they were looking for. Arriving at the Hotel Ibis Valencia Aero Puerto, they moved into rooms on the first floor.
John and Mike found the hotel’s backup generator and got the power running so Ernesto went to the kitchen and cooked a hot meal for everyone. Then they all gathered in the main dining room to eat. They sat there eating and laughing, talking of the good times to come.
Off shore, the Russian submarine surfaced. The sun had set as the Russian commander scanned the city, in the distance he could see a group of lights. “Typical, they are totally ignorant of their peril.”
He turned to his second in command. “Get a fix on those lights. We will finish them with a cruise missile.”
The executive officers saluted and within a few minutes he had the computations completed. “We are ready, sir. The coordinates are locked in the computer.”
“Now I will have revenge for my wife and daughter,” the captain said with a smile. Then he turned and picked up the intercom. “Fire missile one!”
Mike was standing outside with John having a smoke when Mike saw a bright flash in the distance somewhere off shore and then a fire rise in the sky. Instantly he realized it was a missile launch. “Get everyone out of the hotel now!”
Mike ran to the door and flung it open. “Get out now, run for the nearest exit!”
Tim turned in his wheelchair and saw Mike standing in the doorway.
Tim yelled. “Get everyone out now! Run!”
Asa began pushing Tim towards the side door as everyone else ran for the exits. They got outside and ran away from the hotel as the cruise missile arched down and descended towards them. They had only gotten a hundred yards from the hotel when the missile struck.
They explosion was deafening as the hotel imploded and collapsed. Glass and rubble flew everywhere and everyone was knocked off their feet. Tim rolled away from the wheelchair and came up on his feet. He surveyed the area as darkness dropped around them, the fire from the rubble giving the only light.
Tim was pissed. “What the fuck! Who is trying to kill us now?”
Mike ran to where Tim was. “I saw the launch from just off the shore.”
“Muslim’s again?” Tim asked.
“Too high tech, it must be someone else.” Tim nodded. “Get everyone together. We need to get away from the coast now.”
Mike nodded and started to yell out orders. Stiles came out of the gloom with several of the others with him. “Well that was unfriendly, old boy.”
Tim nodded. “Yes, we need to get out of here now. Get everyone to the trucks and let’s get moving.”
Asa helped Tim walk over to the ambulance and they got in. Tim called over to Stiles. “No lights until we get away from the coast a few miles.”
Stiles waved an acknowledgment and hopped in the Tomcar. They slowly made their way up the highway as Tim looked at a map. He grabbed the radio and keyed the mike, “Stiles, turn inland on highway A-23.”
Mike responded. “Got it.”
They only had to travel another ten miles when they saw the turn off and left the coast road heading inland.
On the Russian submarine the commander smiled as he saw the impact of the missile, he turned to his executive officer. “They are dead! I am avenged!”
“What are your orders now, sir?” the XO asked, then paused and waited for a response but got none. “We should get away from the shore in case the plague is still active.”
The commander looked at him and nodded and they went below. As they arrived, the communications officer walked over to them. “Sir, we are getting radio traffic on the same frequency as before.”
The commander snapped his head in his direction. “Are you sure? Is it them?”
“Yes, sir, it’s them.”
“How can this be? They should be dead!” He yelled, enraged. “Can you get a fix on them?”
“We only got the one transmission, sir, but they did say they were turning inland on A-23. That is all we got, sir.”
The commander stood thinking for a minute and then he turned to the XO, “We have been fools. If they are surviving, the plague must be dead. We will go ashore and hunt them down. They have told us where they are going.”
He pointed down at the chart on the table and quickly found A-23 and following it with his finger he stopped at an intersection, next to it there was one word, Zaragoza. “We will find them there.”
***
The convoy drove for an hour before Tim called on the radio to Mike and had them stop. They pulled off near the town of Altura, and they gathered in the glow of the headlights. Tim looked from face to face. “Someone is trying to kill us and they may still be after us. We are going to have to take a different route.”
He paused and leaned against the ambulance then he collapsed. Jase ran to him but Asa was there first. She knelt next to him holding his head as Jase and Mike got to him. They picked him up and put him on the gurney in the back of the ambulance. Jase started an IV in Tim’s arm and looked back at Asa. “Not to worry love, just too much too fast. He’ll be right as rain in the morning.”
Mike exited the ambulance and walked over to Stiles. “Tim is right, they may be following us. Let’s get moving now and we don’t stop until we reach Zaragoza.”
They all loaded up and the convoy started moving again. By morning they were on the outskirts of Zaragoza, and as luck would have it, Mike spotted a sign for the hospital. They followed it around and pulled into the parking lot of the Hospital General De La Defensa En Zaragoza?.
Jase pulled around to the emergency room entrance and they got Tim out and into a treatment room where Jase started another IV to give him some fluids. They sat with him until the sun rose as the others tried to sleep. Mike and John just stood at the doorway looking out, watching for signs of being followed.
On the Russian submarine, the crew was on the edge of mutiny. They were not convinced that the plague was gone and wanted no part of going ashore until they were certain. The commander was furious. Finally he went to his cabin and returned with his side arm. He pointed it at the helm controls and fired several rounds, the panel sparked and shattered. Then he turned to his crew. “We aren’t going anywhere now, so you might as well go ashore.”
He pointed the gun at the nearest crewman. “You can die here or onshore, you decide.”
He pulled the hammer back.
The crew had a change of heart and began preparations to leave. By midnight they had a third of the crew on the dock and were ferrying the rest from the submarine. The XO was the last to leave. As he set the self-destruct he looked around. He had served on the boat for eight years and had hoped one day to be the commander. He shook his head and climbed out on deck for the last time.
They had just reached the dock when the explosion rocked the submarine. It listed heavily to one side and then slowly slipped under the surface one last time. On shore, the commander had already organized a team and they had several vehicles lined up ready for their trip inland. He ordered the men into formation and then had the XO hand out ammunition to them. “Men, I ask only one more thing of you and then I will release you from duty. Help me kill these Americans and their confederates. We will avenge our loved ones who they have killed. Will you do this for me?”
He looked over the men. Then one stepped forward. “I will do this for you, Sir. They killed my sons. I, too, wish to avenge them.”
Suddenly they all spoke as one voice. “We are with you, sir.”
He smiled as he looked over to his XO. “Get them loaded up, we move out immediately.”
They drove cautiously up A-23 as the morning sun began to rise. The commander was thirsty for blood and he knew they were at least five hours behind now.
“Faster!” he yelled. “We must catch them.”
***
Tim woke to find Asa next to him. “Hello good lookin’.”
“Quit doing that, you are going to give me a heart attack,” Asa complained.
“Sorry, guess I’m not one hundred percent yet,” Tim said with a shrug.
“Not even twenty percent, are you trying to kill yourself?” She chided him.
Jase walked in. “Good, you’re awake. Feeling better?”
“Much, but we need to get moving.” “Mike has the others waiting by the trucks, he says we should get moving as soon as we can get you loaded,” Jase explained.
Tim made to get up and then lay back down.
“Slow down, cowboy, we will get a wheelchair for you,” Jase told him.
Asa quickly left and returned with the chair and then got Tim up and in it. Then they took him to the ambulance. They loaded up again, and Jase looked over at Tim. “Which way?”
“Back to the coast again,” Tim told him. “It is the last thing they would expect, head due east to Barcelona.”
It was late afternoon as they left Zaragoza, Tim cursed as he watched the sun drop in the sky. They had been there for just over six hours.


Chapter 26
The Russian convoy reached Zaragoza in the late afternoon and they stopped when they reached the beltway around the city. The XO got out of his car and walked up to the commander’s car. “Which way commander?”
He looked both ways then said, “Send half of the men west and have the rest follow me.”
He motioned for his driver to turn right and they headed around to the east. They had only driven six miles when they saw Tim’s convoy heading away from the town on E-90. He yelled excitedly to his driver, “There they are! We have them now!”
They stopped and he had the radio operator contact the other group, telling them to hurry around and meet them. It only took them fifteen minutes and they were together again, he waved to his XO to join them. When he arrived, the commander was wringing his hand with joy.
The XO looked at the commander. “Should we pursue them now?”
“No,” the captain told him. “We will wait till night then run them down. They will never expect us.”
The XO nodded. “As you wish, Commander, I will tell the men.”
“Soon they will be dead and I will be avenged,” the captain said with an evil grin.
***
Tim was constantly looking in the rear view mirror and it was making Jase nervous. “Are you expecting company mate?”
“Always, just habit I guess,” Tim told him. “I may be imagining it, but I thought I saw something as we were leaving the town.”
“Well why the bloody hell didn’t you say something, mate?” Jase asked him.
“I chalked it up to being light headed. Perhaps we should pull off the main road.”
Jase flashed his lights to get Mike’s attention and took the next exit into the town of Villafranca de Ebro. He pulled onto the side road and waited for Mike. Mike pulled in and got out. He walked over to the ambulance as Asa rolled the window down. Tim looked over at Mike. “I may have just been seeing things, but I thought I saw some cars moving as we left Zaragoza.”
Mike looked back up the highway. “Well we had best get out of sight and wait.”
“Tell the others and let’s stay off the radio,” Tim warned.
They pulled the trucks around behind some buildings and set a lookout to watch the highway. Tim called Mike, John and Stiles over. “We should wait until morning and if you don’t see anything, then we can move on.”
They all nodded in agreement and then sat and waited.
It didn’t take long. Fifteen minutes after the sun went down, a convoy of four trucks rolled by. Mike ran back to Tim. “You were right, Tim. Four trucks and a car just went by, and in a hurry. They are definitely after us.”
Tim thought for a minute then looked up at Mike. “Who the hell are they and what did we do to them?”
“Takes all kinds, Tim,” Mike said with a shrug. “They are the kind that need killing.”
“You’re just the man to help them out, now, aren’t you?” Tim said with a smile.
Tim looked over at John. “Get me my grenade launcher. It’s about the only weapon I can use right now that will help.”
John ran off and Tim turned to Jase. “You need to give me something to keep me from passing out, our lives depend on it.”
Asa began to protest but Tim cut her short. “Love, I know what you’re going to say, but we are going to need everyone on this, even you.”
“OK, but I am not leaving your side.” “Good, I’m going to need someone to lean on,” Tim said with a smile.
Tim and Mike spoke for a quarter hour then joined the others. Tim called John and Stiles over and filled them in on their idea.
Stiles smiled. “Sounds like a jolly plan to me, old boy.”
John just grinned.
They loaded up and headed down the small road that paralleled the highway. Tim was hoping that they could catch up to them and then ambush them. They drove quickly with their lights off. Luckily the moon was up and gave just enough light to see the road by.
The Russian convoy sped through the night. The commander in was in the lead vehicle and strained to see the tail lights of their prey. After an hour of pursuit he came to a halt one a bridge just outside of Fraga, Spain. He got out and waved to his XO to join him. “Where are they? We should have caught up with them by now.”
The XO shrugged. “I do not know, Commander, perhaps they turned off somewhere?”
“Of course they did, fool. But where?” He replied caustically.
“Sir, I saw only two turn offs. Perhaps they stopped in this town,” the XO said, pointing to Fraga in the distance and the commander looked to the city. “I see no lights there, but perhaps we should check it out anyway.”
“It will be as you command, sir,” the XO replied.
***
An hour later, Mike could see the lights of the other convoy on their right. They were stopped about a mile away near where the highway crossed the river that ran through Fraga. Mike got out of the Tomcar and went back to talk to the other drivers. When he was satisfied that they understood the plan, he went back to speak with Tim. “We’re as ready as we’ll ever be. Good luck.”
Tim nodded. “Let’s get it done.”
Mike got back in the Tomcar and led the two trucks driven by Henrik and Ernesto up the road to the highway, while Jase drove the ambulance followed by the trucks driven by John and Richard across the river and up the road to the highway on the west side of town. When they were in position, Mike keyed the radio three times and all their vehicles turned on their lights.
The Russian convoy was just getting ready to head to Fraga when it was instantly illuminated in light. A second later the guns of Tim’s convoy opened up. Tim fired his M32 out of the window of the ambulance using the mirror as a rest, John and Richard opened up with their heavy machine guns and at the same time Mike’s group began to fire.
On the bridge the Russians were in total chaos, two of the trucks had exploded and their commander was trying to figure out what was happening. He had just opened the door to run for cover when the car he was riding in exploded. The blast threw the commander across the highway and into a ditch. The Russian sailors began to return fire but were hopelessly out gunned. After a couple minutes they threw down their weapons and surrendered.
Tim called over the radio, “Cease fire, but keep them covered.”
Suddenly everything was quiet. Tim called over to John and they both started to walk to where the survivors were standing. When they arrived Tim called out, “Do any of you speak English?”
Their XO stepped forward. “I do. I am Captain Second rank Yuri Vavarich, executive officer of the Russian guided missile submarine 885.”
Tim nodded. “Guess I know where the missile came from that nearly killed us came from now.”
“Yes, our commander ordered it.”
“Why? What did we do to you?” Tim asked.
“You killed his family and destroyed our country.” The XO told him flatly.
Tim looked over at John. “John, when did you go rogue on me? I told you not to attack Russia.”
“Sorry, Tim, it seemed like the right thing to do,” John replied mockingly.
Yuri scoffed, “You may think this is a joke, but I assure you it is not.”
Tim stepped forward into Yuri’s face. “I don’t, I think it is the saddest part of this whole mess. Do you actually think I had anything to do with your country getting destroyed? Do you think any of us did? I was a Sergeant in the Marines. I was lucky if I had thirty men to command, not the ability to order a nuclear strike.”
Yuri stood there for a second. “Yes, but your country did.”
John replied before Tim could. “So you will blame us for something that our country did without or consent or knowledge? That is pretty sad. Perhaps we should kill all of you for destroying the East Coast of America?”
Yuri turned to face John. “We are a guided missile submarine, not a ballistic missile boat. We did not launch on the East Coast.”
Tim laughed. “Do you hear yourself? Well we didn’t launch on your country either, our government did, and with good reason.”
Yuri stood there for over a minute then nodded. “I see you’re point, American. Our commander was so filled with rage that it has blinded us to this simple fact. You and your group are not responsible for the destruction of Russia any more than I am responsible for the destruction of the East Coast.”
John grinned. “Well hallelujah. I think he sees the light.”
“Take it easy, John, let’s not get nasty with our guests,” Tim said. Then he turned to Yuri. “So what now, Captain? Do we walk away and finish this battle or do we stop here and now?”
Yuri turned and walked over to the other sailors and spoke to them for a few minutes. Then he returned to where Tim was standing. “We have decided to go home. We want nothing more than to return home and find our families if we can.”
Suddenly the commander came out from behind one of the trucks by the edge of the road. His face was covered in blood and his left arm was limp by his side. He held a pistol in his hand and was pointing it at Yuri. “Traitor! You will die with them.”
He fired once hitting Yuri in the chest. John spun and emptied a clip from his M16 into the commander as Tim stepped forward and caught Yuri before he fell.
Tim yelled over his shoulder. “Get Jase over here now!”
John ran back to where Jase and Asa were waiting and within a minute he came running up with his trauma kit. “What is it Tim?”
“This man has been shot. See if you can help him.”
Tim stood and walked over to the sailors. “Can any of you speak English?”
A young sailor of perhaps twenty stepped forward. “I am learning to speak your English.”
“Good, tell the others that I am sorry about your man,” Tim told him. “Our medic is trying to help him. I need you to have them just wait here.”
The man nodded and turned to the others relaying what Tim had told him. Tim went back to where Jase was working on Yuri. Tim knelt down and Yuri looked up at him, “Seems I will not get to see my home again after all, Sergeant.”
“Don’t worry, Jase is a crack doctor He’ll have you up and around in no time.”
Tim looked at Jase, who just shook his head. Yuri coughed and blood speckled his lips, “Nice, try American, but I can see it in your doctor’s eyes. Can you call over Sergei? I need to tell him something.”
Tim stood and faced the Russians. “Sergei! Get over here!”
One of the men stood and ran to where they were. Yuri spoke to him with labored breath as Sergei kneeled next to him, then he suddenly he stopped talking. Sergei looked over at Tim, then slowly stood and walked back to the other sailors.
He spoke to them and then the young sailor who spoke English walked over to Tim. “Sergei says that Yuri commanded him to have us surrender to you.”
Tim nodded and put his arm on the young man’s shoulder. “Tell your men, that there has been enough of this craziness. I do not want prisoners, I want us to just live in peace. Tell them they are free to go home and look for survivors, or they can join us.”
The sailor walked over to the others and spoke to them. There was a brief debate then they seemed to break into two groups. The young man walked back to Tim, “Some of them want to stay with you, but the majority wants to go home. I will stay with you if that is okay.”
“That is fine. What’s your name?” Tim asked.
“I am Stanislaw Dolohov, but you can call me Stas.” Tim smiled. “Welcome Stas, have your injured men come over and let Jase take a look at them and I will have my people get them some food.”
Stas went back to the group and they did as he asked while Tim had John radio Mike’s group. They came up and Tim filled them in on what had happened. After Jase and Kelly had treated the wounded, they all moved into the town of Fraga and spent the night. Tim told Stas that when they had rested they would decide what to do next. He agreed, and after Ernesto had given them all some food they found a hotel and moved in for the night.
Asa walked over to Tim and put her arm around him. “I am so proud of you Tim.”
He leaned over and kissed her as she led him to their room.


Chapter 27
The next morning Stas came over early. Tim saw him and recognized his sandy blond hair and thin frame and waved him over. “Good morning Stas. How are you?”
Stas did not answer right away.
“What’s wrong Stas?” Tim asked.
“Over half of the men are sick, the plague it would seem, is still here,” Stas told him.
Tim nodded slowly. “Right, I will have Jase see what he can do for your men.”
Stas returned his nod then turned and left. Tim went back upstairs and found Jase. “Stas just came over. Seems a lot of his men are sick. Go see what you can do for them.”
“Right away, mate,” Jase said. “But I don’t know what I can do for them. If it is the plague most or all of them will die by tomorrow.”
“See what you can do anyway. Try to keep them comfortable.”
Jase got Kelly and his medic kit and went over to the hotel where the Russians were staying.
Meanwhile, Tim gathered the others and they sat down for breakfast. As they waited for Ernesto to bring out the food, Tim stood. “The Russian’s are getting sick. I think we should wait here and see if any of them survive. Then we will move on to France.”
Mike laughed. “Why? They tried to kill us. You are being awful generous to them.”
Tim slammed his fist on the table. “God dammit Mike, we have to stop thinking like that! That is what got them in trouble. Their commander just couldn’t let it go and he came ashore to hunt us down. That pretty much condemned his men to death. We can afford to be generous to these men. If any survive they may join us and increase our odds of making it.”
“I suppose your right, Tim. Old habits die hard,” Mike apologized.
“Not to worry,” Tim said, calming down. “You will have plenty of time to learn new tricks, you old dog.”
The others laughed as Ernesto brought the food out. They ate and then Tim led them over to the Russian’s hotel across the street. Jase was busy trying to help as much as he could. About half of the Russians were sick and most of them were on their deathbed, but the others were walking around with only the sniffles. Jase saw Tim and walked over to him, “Something about the plague has changed, mate. It isn’t killing everyone like before. Those over there got sick but then got better fast, they only have the sniffles now.”
“What about the others?” Tim asked.
Jase shrugged. “I don’t know. They are pretty bad off and most will probably die.”
Tim scanned the area and found Stas. He was standing with three other Russians and he walked over to them. “How are you feeling Stas?”
Stas smiled. “Good as are these two men. None of us seems to have gotten the plague at all.”
Tim smiled back at him. “That’s great. Perhaps most of your men will survive. It’s excellent news.”
Stas nodded. “Yes, when the first man got sick we all thought we were dead men. When some of them got better it really lifted their spirits.”
“Let me know if you need anything,” Tim said. “We will stay here in Fraga until all your men that survive are ready to travel.”
“Thank you for all you are doing for us,” Stas said. “I would never have expected it from a Westerner.”
Tim got a big grin on his face. “Well we’re not as bad as your old government made us out to be.”
Tim turned and headed over to where Mike and John were standing.
John smiled. “Looks like the plague is losing its power.”
“Yes, I would guess that half or more of them will make it,” Tim said. “Asa is going to be thrilled.”
“I can’t believe it. They really are getting better,” Mike observed. “I thought they would all just die and that we should have just killed them last night. You made the right decision, Tim.”
“We just have to give the world a chance, Mike. Men like you and me were born cynics. We have to learn a new way of thinking if the world is going to make it.”
Mike nodded. “Well looks like I owe you a drink. John, let’s go scout out the local bars and gather up some hooch.”
John smiled. “As Charles would have said, that is a capital idea!”
They both laughed and headed out the door. As they left, Jiro and Asa came in followed by Stiles and his crew. They walked over to where Tim was standing. “Good morning old boy. How are these chaps doing?”
Asa was looking around in astonishment. “Are they really getting better?”
“A lot of them are, but not all of them,” Tim told her.
Stiles looked around then back to Tim. “Then the plague is changing.”
Tim nodded. “Looks that way, only half of them are real sick. We are going to stay until they die or get better. Jase is treating them as if he can save them now.”
Asa nodded. “Then he is going to need help.”
She turned to Jiro and spoke to him in Japanese. He nodded then left. “He is going to find the local clinic and bring back any medicine he can find. I am going to see if I can help Jase.”
Tim smiled. “That’s why I love you. You are always trying to fix the world.”
She smiled back and ran off to find Jase.
Stiles looked over at Tim. “Well I believe we can assist your man Jiro and also round up some food and water while we’re at it.”
He turned and headed after Jiro, his crew close behind. By nightfall only eleven of the Russians had died. The others were feeling much better and only had the symptoms of a bad cold. Jiro had brought all of the cold medicines he could find to the hotel and they were eagerly taking them.
Stiles brought food and water, and with the assistance of Ernesto, made a huge cauldron of soup for the men. Jase walked over to Tim. “Most of them are going to make it. Six of the ones that got real sick are even starting to recover.”
“That’s the best news I’ve heard in months,” Tim told him. “Let me know if there is anything you need.”
Just then Mike and John returned. They were pushing a wheel barrow filled with bottles. They called over Stas, and when he got there a huge grin appeared on his face. He reached into the wheel barrow and pulled out two bottles and handed them to one of the other Russians who yelled out something in Russian.
They others turned to him and started to hurry over. Tim walked over and looked in the wheel barrow—it was full of Vodka.
Mike smiled. “We had to go to every store in town, but we found enough for all of them.”
“Now that’s the spirit, Mike. You just made a bunch of new friends,” Tim said.
***
They stayed in Fraga for three more days. During that time only one more Russian died and the others got better and better until only a couple were still coughing. Stas came over on the morning of the fourth day. He found Tim speaking with Mike and John and walked over. “My men are ready to go.”
“Good, we can get ready and leave around noon,” Tim said.
“And I have more news.” “What is that?” Tim asked.
Stas smiled. “I and three others have decided to join up with you. The others still want to try and make it home.”
Tim extended his hand to Stas. “That’s great, the more the merrier.”
Stas took his hand. “You American’s are nothing like we were told. You give freely of yourselves and are just and forgiving.”
John smiled. “But we are decadent from time to time.”
Stas laughed. “I think I can overlook that one fault, as long as you can forgive me for trying to kill you.”
John slapped him on the back and laughed. “Let’s go find a vehicle for your men.”
He and Stas headed out as Asa walked up. “When are we leaving?”
“At noon, love,” Tim said. “Mike, can you find Stiles and let him and his folks know. I will find the rest of our group and have them all start getting ready.”
They split up and started their preparations. By noon they were ready to roll. Stiles had refueled all of the trucks and John had found a bus for the Russians. They put the bus in the center of the convoy so they could protect it. Then left town and drove by the scene of the battle.
Tim had Stiles stop the convoy and walked over to the bus. They opened the door and Tim stepped in. “Stas, I am not stopping here for no reason. Have your men get out and collect up weapons and ammo. You will need it if we get into trouble.”
He nodded and spoke Russian to his men. They got up and scoured the area and when they had collected all that was usable they got back on the bus. Stas stopped Tim as he was leaving. “Thank you for trusting us.”
Tim smiled. “No problem. Tell your men if they need anything to let us know.”
Tim walked back to the ambulance with a smile on his face. “I would have made a pretty good ambassador.”
Then he got in and the convoy headed east. They drove all afternoon and that evening arrived in the city of of of Barcelona on the coast of Spain. The Russians that had decided to go home said their goodbyes, and taking the bus, headed to the port to find a vessel suitable for their voyage home. Stas walked back over to where Tim was standing with Asa. “I tried to convince more of them to stay, but they were set on going.”
“I understand,” Tim said. “If I was closer and I thought there was even a chance that my family was alive I would try and find them. I wish them luck.”
***
Stas had his men split up and get on each of the trucks in Tim’s convoy. Then the convoy headed north out of town scouting along the way for a hotel. They finally happened on the Hotel Barceló Sants about ten miles north of town. They pulled in, and leaving the trucks in convoy formation in the front drive, went in and found rooms for the group on the first floor. Ernesto had help cooking that evening as two of the Russians joined him. Stas told him that their names were Yuri and Senya. Ernesto nodded but didn’t think he had a prayer of communicating with them as they headed back to the kitchen.
After they had eaten, Tim had Stiles, John, Stas and Mike joined him outside by the pool. They sat down and Tim lit a smoke. “Now that you and your men have joined us, Stas, we need to let you know what our plans are.”
Stas nodded and Tim continued. “We are heading north to the Carcassonne region of France. There we plan to start over. We are going to start farms and a small village. What do you think?”
Stas thought for a minute then looked at the group. “Well I never did consider myself a farmer. I have been a sailor my whole life.”
“I have been a Marine my whole life, but I am going to be a farmer now.”
Mike laughed. “Not me, I will help you get there and perhaps even get you guys going, but I am not staying.”
Tim turned to him. “Why? I thought you were going to stay and help with protection.”
“I will stay and help you guys set up and even help with defenses Perhaps I will stay the winter. Then I am going to explore some.”
Stas looked over at him. “Would you like some company, comrade?”
“That might work out,” Mike said. “I would be a fool to go off on my own.”
“I had hoped you would both stay, but I will not push you,” Tim said. “I thank you for the help you have given and that which you are going to give.”
John looked over at Tim. “Well I am staying. Grace and I are going to start a family.”
“I too will stay, old man,” Stiles added. “Someone will have to look after things now that Tim has lost his arm. Richard and I will form a basic security force for our little town.”
Tim smiled. “I appreciate that Stiles. I am sure you will make an excellent sheriff.”
“I don’t want to let you down, Tim, but I am what I am,” Mike explained. “You can’t change a leopard’s spots and sooner or later I would get restless. Better I leave before then. I will come back and look in on you from time to time.”
“Fair enough Mike,” Tim told him sadly.
They continued to talk about their plans until Asa came and dragged Tim away.
***
The next morning they got up and after a quick breakfast headed north again. They traveled up the coast highway and by noon had reached the outskirts of Narbonne, France. They stopped for lunch, and while Ernesto and his new helpers prepared the food, Stiles and Mike did a recon of the area.
The others sat and ate in a small café on the outskirts of town enjoying the afternoon sun. They had only just finished, when Tim noticed some movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned to John. “Don’t look now but I just saw something to our right.”
John nodded and slowly got up. He nonchalantly walked over in the direction Tim and indicated and glanced over. He noticed a shadow next to the corner of the building and he drew his side arm and then jumped. Tim heard a scream and he jumped up to see what it was.
John was coming back around the corner. He had his pistol in one hand and the other hand held the arm of a young girl. She was struggling to get away but John was not letting her go. He dragged her over to where Asa was standing. “Look what I found.”
Asa smiled at her and she stopped struggling with John. He let her go and she began to rub her arm. Then she turned to Asa and spoke in French. Asa just shook her head and held up her arms. “Does anyone of us speak French?”
No one spoke up and then Stiles walked over. “I speak a little. Let me give it a go.”
He spoke a few words and the girl laughed then spoke so fast that Stiles held up his hand. “The young lady speaks so fast it is just running together.”
He turned back to her and was just starting to ask her to speak slowly when a voice came from behind them. “Let my sister go.”
Tim and Asa turned to see another young girl with brown hair pointing a rifle at them. She was perhaps thirteen but she held the rifle like she knew how to use it. She motioned at them with the rifle and repeated her demand. “Let her go now.”
Tim smiled at her. “We meant no harm, she just surprised us.”
Tim turned to Stiles. “Back away and let her go.”
The first girl ran to her sister and hid behind her. Tim took a step towards them, “We aren’t here to hurt anyone. We are just taking a rest before we continue our journey.”
The girl raised he rifle again. “That’s close enough, Monsieur.”
Tim stopped and then Asa stepped forward. “Your sister is charming. Would you like to come and join us for lunch? Or you can leave if you wish, but we would love you to stay.”
The girl looked at Asa and then back at Tim. Tim smiled as she lowered her rifle and with the younger girl behind her she walked past Tim and sat at the table by Asa. Tim walked over and sat on the other side of Asa who had already sat back down. Stiles returned to his seat and Ernesto brought over some more food.
Asa smiled. “I am Asa and this is my husband Tim.”
“I am Sofia and this is my younger sister Anna. You are the first people we have seen alive in over two months,” she told them.
“How sad,” Asa said. “But it is nice that your sister survived with you; that is very lucky.”
“Yes, but our brother Antoine died. He was the oldest,” she said.
“And how old are you?” Asa asked.
“I am fourteen, my sister is twelve but her birthday is next month.”
Asa smiled, “You are the first children we have seen that survived the plague.”
Sofia shrugged, “I saw some others, but they all were killed by adults.”
Asa’s smile faded, “That’s awful. We would never do anything like that.”
Sofia stared at Asa for a minute, “You seem like a nice lady, I believe you.”
“Well, now we are all here together. We are heading north to find a new home. Would you like to come with us?” Asa asked.
Sofia looked around the table at the others. “Are these men safe?”
Asa laughed. “Why yes, they have risked their lives to protect me and each other. You don’t have to worry about them.”
They finished their meal and as Asa rose with the others to leave, she said, “Well it was very nice to meet you both. We will leave you now. Sorry you would not join us.”
Sofia jumped up. “Wait, Madame, we want to go with you. We just need to go to our home and get our things.”
“That’s wonderful,” Asa told her. “Just meet us back here in say…thirty minutes. Okay?”
Sofia nodded and then turned and left. As she did Tim called over to her, “Please let one of my men go with you. I would feel better knowing someone is watching your back while you pack up.”
Sofia looked at him for a minute and then nodded. Tim turned to Mike, “Watch over them and get back ASAP.”
“I’m on it, see you soon,” Mike said and the three headed off as the rest of the group packed up and got ready to move.
Sofia led them quickly to where they had been living since the plague hit. It was a small bed and breakfast near the shopping district. She led them in, and while Mike stayed by the door watching, the two sisters gathered their belongings. Fifteen minutes later they came back down. They were both carrying two suitcases and wearing dresses and hats. To Mike they looked as if they were getting ready to head off to boarding school. He chuckled and Sofia scowled, “What are you laughing at, Monsieur?”
“It is just that you two look like you are going off to school,” Mike told them. “I think you might want to have Asa find you some more suitable clothes.”
They hurried back to the others, and when they rounded the corner, the others stood and stared at them. Asa walked over, “I love your dresses but I think maybe we should find something a bit more practical.”
“That is what he said.” She pointed at Mike who was trying to look the other way.
Asa smiled. “Well he is right. There are still bad things out there and we need to be able to deal with them. I am afraid your dresses will get ruined. We can find something tonight when we stop to sleep. Why don’t you ride with me and Tim in the ambulance? We can ride in the back and talk.”
Sofia spoke to her sister and they all got in the back while Tim and Jase got in the front. Mike ran to the Tomcar and got in and the convoy started to head north again.


Chapter 28
They drove west as the sky darkened. Tim got on the radio and called Stiles. “Don’t care too much for those clouds.”
Stiles looked at the clouds. “Neither do I, old man, but mother nature will have her own way.”
“That’s the truth,” Mike said. “Let’s try to find a place to stay before it starts to pour.”
Stiles nodded to Mike and he accelerated ahead of the convoy. The others maintained their speed and soon the Tomcar was out of sight.
Mike scanned the road ahead looking for danger as Stiles looked for signs that might tell him of a nearby town. The rain had just begun to fall when he saw what he was looking for. The sign read Conques sur Orbiel, and Stiles signaled Mike to pull off.
They slowly drove the streets of the small town and finally pulled up to what looked like a bed and breakfast. Mike killed the engine, and grabbing the S.A.W., he jumped out with Stiles right behind him with his M16 as they walked up to the front door.
Mike called over his shoulder. “I will go in first, cover me.”
Stiles just nodded as Mike slowly opened the door. Inside it was dark, no lights at all and with the storm there was only enough light to make out basic shapes. Mike pulled out his Maglight and turned it on. A thin beam of light scanned the room, and he could see a few bodies lying about, some partially eaten. Mike’s light paused on one of the half eaten corpses, “Stiles, come look at this.”
Stiles walked slowly up to where Mike was standing and looked at where the light was shining. “Lovely, do you think it was dogs?”
Mike shook his head slowly and then moved the light to the arm. The bite marks were clearly not made by a dog, but a human. “More like crazies, be alert.”
Stiles double checked his M16 and the two slowly advanced checking the entire lower floor. Finally, they ended at the front desk and Mike leaned against the counter and pulled out a smoke. “It looks like they have moved on.”
Stiles set his M16 on the counter. “Perhaps, old boy, but who can be sure?”
Mike took several draws on his smoke and then walked over to the window. Outside it was pouring now. He turned back to Stiles. “I am going to call Tim and tell him to come here. If the crazies come back we will deal with them.”
Stiles nodded as Mike walked out the front door and over to the Tomcar. Tim answered Mike’s call immediately. “Where are you?”
“A little town called Conques sur Orbiel,” Mike told him. “You can’t miss it. There is a sign on the road. Come to the Phi hotel on Frédéric Mistral street, we’ll be waiting for you.”
Tim acknowledged him and Mike went back inside. Stiles was busy lighting candles he had found in the small café attached to the hotel. Mike joined him and soon the entire lower floor was cheerfully lit, and they began the grisly task of removing the dead bodies. There were only ten of them and after thirty minutes they had all of them piled up outside the service entrance out back.
Stiles went to the kitchen and washed up and then looked around for some food. Meanwhile Mike was standing guard in the lobby and watching for the others. He sat at one of the tables with his feet up smoking another cigarette when he saw the headlights approaching. He put out his smoke and started to get up as Stiles walked in. He turned to Stiles. “Looks like they finally made it.”
Stiles was nodding when he suddenly stopped. “That’s not them old boy, there’s only one vehicle.”
He brought up his M16 and Mike grabbed his S.A.W. and crouched down waving for Stiles to drop back. They put out the candles and slowly made their way behind the front desk and watched. The truck pulled up and stopped just behind the Tomcar. Three men jumped out and one of them walked over and checked it out while the others looked in the front windows.
Mike peeked around the counter and saw the two men looking in. In the dim light he could see that one of them had a strange necklace on made out of human fingers. He ducked back and pulled Stiles closer. “I think we may have been wrong about the crazies. I think these guys are cannibals.”
“You can’t be serious, old boy, what make you say that?” Stiles said with revulsion in his voice.
Mike checked his weapon. “Well for one thing, one of them has a string of fingers around his neck.”
Stiles did not reply, but checked his weapon and readied himself. Mike was trying to come up with a plan when they heard the front door open. One of the men began to speak in French and the other cut him off. Mike looked over at Stiles. “Do you know what they said?”
“The one wanted to know what happened to their food,” Stiles replied.
Mike nodded and then stood. Before Stiles could react Mike let loose several bursts cutting down the two men who had just came in. The third man dove for cover behind the Tomcar before Mike could swing around to fire at him.
“Shit! The other one made it to cover. He’s behind the Tomcar.”
“Well what is the plan, old boy?” Stiles asked.
Mike kept his weapon pointed at where the man had ducked down. “We have to get to him before the others get here or he’ll cut them down before they know what hit them.”
Stiles looked over at Mike and then to the two vehicles in the drive. “Keep an eye on him, old boy. I will go around from the back and when I give the signal, you fire and draw his attention. I will then ambush him.”
“That is a good plan, Stiles. Get moving.” Stiles exited through the service entrance and slowly made his way around to the front. When he got there he could see the last man crouching behind the Tomcar. He was nervously glancing in the direction of Mike. Stiles waved to Mike but he did not see him. He waved again and it was the man behind the Tomcar who saw him. He stood and fired at Stiles and as he did Mike had a clear shot. He opened up and caught the man in the upper chest and head. His head exploded and his lifeless body dropped to the ground.
Mike ran out to where the man dropped and then scanned the area. To his right he saw Stiles standing there. Mike waved and yelled, “I got him.”
Stiles just stood there. Mike started to walk over to him when he saw Stiles drop his rifle, “Are you okay Stiles?”
Stiles looked down and saw the patch of crimson forming on his stomach. He looked back to Mike and smiled. “I think rather not, old boy.”
He fell to the ground and Mike ran to where he had dropped and found him holding his stomach. He moved his hand and saw the blood. Mike ripped open Stiles shirt and found two bullet wounds close together just to the right of his belly button.
He stood and grabbing Stiles by his MOLLE harness dragged him into the hotel lobby. He picked him up and set him down on one of the tables and then pulled out his first aid kit, “Don’t you die on me, Stiles.”
He tore open a large packet of Celox and sprinkled it over the two wounds and the put a dressing over it and pushed hard. Stiles cried out in pain and then passed out. After five minutes Mike took his hand away and then looked at the wound. It was still seeping blood and Mike cursed.
Stiles was pale and his breathing was shallow. Mike opened another pack of Celox and sprinkled it over the wounds, and then he put a dressing on it. He ran out to the Tomcar and called for Tim. “What’s up Mike?”
“How long till you get here?” He asked.
“About fifteen minutes is my guess,” Tim replied.
Mike looked over at where Stiles was lying. “You had better make it quicker. Stiles has been shot and he is in a bad way. I have done what I could for him but he needs Jase.”
“What the hell happened?” Tim asked.
“We can talk about that later. Just get here fast.” Mike dropped the mike and grabbed the trauma kit then ran back to where Stiles was. Stiles was moaning and Mike grabbed his hand. “You’re going to be okay, Stiles, Jase is on his way.”
Stiles nodded and Mike opened the trauma kit. He rummaged around until he found the morphine. He picked it up trying to remember what Jase had taught them. Mike stared at the little bottle. “How much do I give him? Shit!”
He was standing there thinking about it when Stiles opened his eyes and looked up at him.
He smiled. “Stiff upper lip, old boy.”
“What did you say?” Mike asked.
“I said stiff upper, old man,”
“You Brits and your sayings. Save your strength,” Mike said as he rolled his eyes.
“I say, old boy, no need to be rude.”
Mike smiled as Stiles looked at him. “Where did you grow up Mike?”
Mike began to tell him then stopped when he noticed that Stiles had stopped breathing. Mike grabbed Stiles and pulled him off the table and started CPR, “God damn it, Stiles, don’t you die on me!”
He had just started the tenth cycle when several sets of headlights appeared down the street heading towards him. He continued with the CPR only glancing at the approaching vehicles momentarily.
Jase was the first through door, closely followed by Kelly. He was carrying two large bags which he dropped next to Mike. “What is his condition?”
“He stopped breathing on my about five minutes ago. He has two bullets in his stomach.”
Jase waved to Kelly and she ran over. “Get an oxygen bottle over here now!”
She turned and ran back outside. Jase pulled the dressing off of Stiles’ stomach and looked at the wounds. “Crikey! This is bad.”
He checked Stiles for a pulse and then opened one of the bags. He removed a defibrillator from it and set it on the floor and flipped a switch. Lights came on and he pushed a button on the panel and pulling the paddles from their cradles. “Charging!”
Mike continued to pump Stiles’ chest until Jase yelled, “Clear!”
He pulled his hands away as Jase placed the paddles on Stiles’ chest and pulsed the high voltage through him. Stiles arched his back and then dropped back to the floor. Jase checked him for a pulse and shook his head. “Nothing.”
He pushed the button again. “Charging!”
Mike started compressions again and looked at Jase. “What can I do?”
“Just keep pumping, if this doesn’t do it I will get some epinephrine,” Jase told him.
The machine signaled ready. “Clear!”
Again he pulsed the heart starting voltage through Stiles’ chest.
He checked again but there was still no pulse. Kelly returned with the oxygen and a mask. She put it on Stiles and started the flow of oxygen. Jase was prepping a huge syringe and then drew a large dose of epinephrine into it. He went to Stiles and feeling on his chest found the landmark he was looking for.
He thrust the needle into his heart and pushed the medicine into him. Next to him the machine beeped again and he grabbed the paddles. “Clear!”
Kelly and Mike pulled away as Jase hit him again with the electricity. Again Stiles arched and dropped back to the floor. Jase checked his neck for a pulse. He shifted his fingers and then sighed, “He’s back. I have a weak pulse.”
Mike and Jase lifted Stiles back onto the table and Kelly started an IV in his arm. Tim walked over with Asa and Jiro. “How is he Jase?”
“He’s bad,” Jase said without looking up. “We are going to have to operate right now if I am going to save him.”
“What do you need?” Tim asked.
“Get the others to bring in the medical kits from the ambulance,” Jase said as he worked. “Then have Asa help Kelly set up a makeshift operating room right here.”
“I’m on it.” Tim signaled to Mike who ran back out the vehicles and organized the others. Within fifteen minutes they had the makeshift operating room ready as Jase was scrubbed his hands, getting ready to operate. Jase looked over to Tim. “You guys go and get something to eat. I am going to be awhile.”
Tim nodded and walked over to the others as Jase, Asa and Kelly began their work. Tim pulled Mike aside. “What the hell happened?”
Mike sat down and lit a smoke. “I don’t really know. We were surprised by these guys on the floor here. I was able to kill these two right off, but the third guy got behind some cover. Stiles had a plan to ambush the guy, but before he could signal me the last guy must have shot him.”
“Why did you attack them?” Tim asked him.
Mike stood and walked to the one lying face down. He rolled him over and removed his gory necklace and carried it back to Tim. “They’re cannibals. We found some bodies in here when we arrived that had been partially eaten. We thought it was those crazies, but it was them.”
Mike paused then looked at Tim. “I’m sorry Tim. It was my fault for letting him go out there.”
“It’s not your fault, just bad luck,” Tim said. “No more than me losing my arm was your fault. If you want to blame someone, blame them.” Tim pointed to the dead men on the floor.
“It was my fault you lost your arm Tim,” Mike confessed. “If I had just fired faster you wouldn’t have…”
Tim reached over the table and grabbed Mike by the arm. “Stop that! It is not your fault. Shit, you had just gotten out of the hospital from a chest wound. You did great considering your condition. So stop it, I don’t want to hear it again.”
Mike stared at him and Tim could see the look of relief in his eyes. “Thanks brother.”
Asa joined them after only ten minutes, “We need blood, get everyone with O positive over here now.”
Mike went and gathered everyone and soon there were four bottles filling with blood. When they were full, she took them back over to where Jase was working on Stiles and the others went back to what they were doing. Two hours later Asa came back over. “Jase says he thinks Stiles will live.”
Mike stood and walked over to her and hugged her. “Thank you.”
Then he walked over and out of the front door and stood in the rain.
Tim had Stas get his two men go get a room ready for Stiles. When the returned, Jase had them carry the table Stiles was on over to the room and then they transferred him to the bed. Jase set up monitoring equipment and had Kelly and Asa stay with him.
Jase went back to where Tim was sitting. “He’s going to make it, Tim.”
“Thank God for it,” Tim said closing his eyes. “Once again I am thankful that we found you that day, Jase. You have saved us so many times I am starting to lose count.”
“You’re going to give me a God complex if you keep that up mate,” Jase said smiling.
“Kelly would never let that happen,” Tim told him. “She would have you back in your place right quick.”
They all found rooms in the hotel and settled in for the night. The next morning Jase came out of Stiles’ room and walked over to Tim. “He is still sleeping. He woke last night for a few minutes and then went back to sleep.”
“Well that is good news,” Tim told him. “He can stay here until he can travel.”
Jase nodded and went back into the room. Tim called everyone over. When they had settled he began, “Stiles looks like he is going to make it but we are not going to be able to move him for a while. So we are going to have to make sure it is safe here and then some of us can move ahead to Cuxac-Cabardès and start making preparations before winter sets in.”
Mike stood. “I will take Stas in the Tomcar and make a sweep of the town.”
Tim nodded. “Good. John, you and Jiro set up the emergency generator and get some power going here.”
John gave a little salute. “We’re on it.”
Then Tim looked over at Ernesto. “Can you get the kitchen up and running? Have Yuri and Senya help you.”
Ernesto nodded and gathering his helpers headed over to the kitchen. Tim turned to the remaining members. “The rest of you help where you can. Let’s check out the local area and see if there is anything we can use.”
They all stood up and headed out. Forty minutes later the power came on in the building and John walked in. “Now we can get some heat going in here.”
“Good it is getting cold at night and Stiles needs to be kept warm,” Tim told them.
Mike and Stas returned two hours later and reported that the town was clear. Tim had Mike set up a watch schedule, and when the others had returned from scavenging, they sat down, and Ernesto and his helpers brought out dinner. When they had finished, Tim tapped his fork on his glass to get everyone’s attention.
When they had stopped talking and were looking at him he began, “Now that Stiles is injured we need to make a new plan. Winter is going to be on us soon so I vote we split into two groups. One will stay here with Jase and help with Stiles. The other will go on to Cuxac-Cabardès and start getting everything ready.”
The others nodded and spoke with each other.
Mike looked over at Tim. “Stas and I will go ahead tomorrow and recon the city. That will leave you to decide who stays and who goes. We can scout out some houses and see what the supply situation is.”
John nodded. “Grace and I would like to go with advance group.”
“That will be fine,” Tim said. “I would like Kelly and Ernesto to stay with Jase at a minimum.”
Ernesto nodded. “That will be fine with me, senior, but I would like to have Yuri stay too.”
Tim looked over at Stas. “Stas, ask them if they can stay and help out.”
Stas spoke with the two in Russian and the both nodded.
“Thanks that will be a big help,” Tim said. “Then it is settled, Mike and Stas will do the recon tomorrow and when they get back we will break into two groups. We will check the radios and keep communication up between the two groups if possible.”
They all agreed and one by one got up and retired for the evening. Tomorrow was going to be a busy day.


Chapter 29
Mike and Stas got up early, and after they had eaten they took the Tomcar and headed to Cuxac-Cabardès. Tim and Asa waved as they sped out of sight, then Asa turned to Tim. “I hope they will be okay on their own.”
“After what happened with Stiles, Mike will be doubly alert. Nothing will get by him now,” Tim told her.
She kissed him and they went back inside.
***
Mike navigated the narrow streets until he was back on the country road leading to Cuxac-Cabardès. It was just over fifteen miles north and he figured it would only take them around a half hour to get there. They followed the winding mountain road up through several small towns. There was nothing moving; each town was dead and after thirty minutes they passed a sign reading Cuxac-Cabardès.
They pulled in and slowly drove the streets. Mike and Stas scanned each building for movement, and when they had driven to the other side of town, Mike pulled over and parked. Mike got out. “Stas take the S.A.W.”
Mike reached down and picked up the grenade launcher. “Why so much firepower comrade?”
“I am not going to get caught off guard again,” Mike said flatly.
Stas nodded and they started their sweep through the town. They went building by building until they reached the end of the street, then they started down the next.
***
Back in Conques sur Orbiel, Tim had the others preparing. The group that was to stay was off loading supplies for their stay and the other group was planning what they would do when they got to Cuxac-Cabardès. Tim smiled and turned to Asa, “They are excited to get settled and I can’t blame them.”
“I can’t wait to find a home that we can live in and raise our child in,” Asa told him.
“That sounds good, perhaps a nice fire to sit in front of and rest,” Tim said smiling.
“You aren’t getting off that easy. You will have a farm to run,” Asa teased.
John walked in. “Is she giving you grief again?”
“Always, she has this wife thing down pat,” Tim told him with a smile.
“Grace was wondering if you and Asa would like to have a place next to us,” John asked.
Asa smiled. “That would be wonderful John.”
“Then it’s settled,” John told them. “We will find something close so you and Grace can visit all the time.”
Jase walked in and sat down then lit a smoke. “Stiles is awake and doing much better. He should be able to be moved in five or six days. We can find a nice place for him to recover in Cuxac-Cabardès.”
“That’s good news,” Tim said. “We can find a good place for him to hold up close enough to you and Kelly so you guys can keep an eye on him.”
Jase agreed and Tim and Asa got up to go visit Stiles.
They arrived to find him talking with Kelly. Tim walked over. “How are you this morning, my friend?”
“As good as one can expect, old boy. Where is Mike?” He asked. “I wanted to thank him for saving me.”
“Mike feels awful about what happened to you,” Tim said. “He blames himself for you getting hurt.”
“Rubbish, not the case at all. Rather it was my bloody stupidity that got me shot. Where is he? I will set him straight.”
“He is with Stas doing a recon of Cuxac-Cabardès. He should be back in a day or so.”
“Be so kind as to direct him to me when he returns, old man.”
“It will be my pleasure,” Tim told him with a smile.
Tim left and went to check on the preparations to leave when he ran into John. “I just heard from Mike. Things look good so far and they are expanding their search to the outlying farms.”
Tim nodded. “Good, perhaps they can finish their recon today and get back here tonight. I would love to get going tomorrow morning.”
They walked out to the trucks where Jiro was helping the two French girls get settled. “Little Father, how are our new members holding up?”
“They are doing fine, Tim-san the younger one appears to like me. She reminds me of my daughter Kiko.”
“That’s great. Could you do me a favor?” Tim asked.
“What do you need Tim-san?” Jiro said looking at him.
“I need you to look after them.” Tim said, “They are very young and need a father to guide them. I would like to see if they will live with you.”
“It would be my honor, Tim-san. I will talk to Sofia and see if she and Anna agree,” Jiro assured him.
Tim patted him on the back and went over to Richard who was checking the load on his truck. When he turned the corner he found him kissing Irene. He coughed and they turned to look. “Sorry to disturb you two. How are things coming?”
Richard smiled. “Right on track. We will be ready to go by this evening. We unloaded enough rations for Jase’s crew to hold out here for two weeks.”
“That’s good. Now carry on you two.” He smiled at them and the turned and left thinking,
“I will have to tell Asa about them. She will be pleased.”
***
The afternoon wore on as Mike and Stas checked farm after farm. They were just about to finish and call it good when they saw smoke coming out of the chimney of one of the farm houses. Mike pointed. “What do you think? Could be anything so be prepared.” Stas nodded and they got out of the Tomcar. After checking their weapons, they headed up the road to the house.
Inside the cottage Minna was preparing her supper. She did not notice the two men coming up her drive and was humming to herself. Twice today she had thought she heard a car engine, but she knew it could not be for everyone was dead. She busied herself inside cleaning, trying not to think about it.
Outside Mike walked up and looked in the window while Stas crouched near him. Mike was scanning the room when he heard the humming. He walked around to the kitchen window and peered in. A woman in her late twenties was washing dishes. He stared for a minute then decided to surprise her.
They crept around to the kitchen door and he carefully checked the door, it was unlocked. He opened the door and stepped in. The lady turned and screamed when she saw Mike. Mike scanned the room and then called for Stas to come. Stas arrived and found Minna standing by the sink shaking.
Minna asked who they were in French, but neither Mike nor Stas understood. Mike looked at her. “Do you understand English?”
Minna nodded that she did and then she asked, “Who are you? Why do you come here?”
Mike lowered his weapon. “My name is Mike and this here is Stas. We were just scouting this area for a place to live.”
“How do I know you aren’t here to hurt me?” She asked.
“If I was going to hurt you I would have done it by now,” Mike told her.
Minna looked over at Stas. “Is he always this cordial?”
“I do not know,” Stas told her. “I just met him a few days ago, but he hasn’t killed me yet.”
“I like how you said ‘yet,’ Stas,” Mike laughed.
Then they both laughed and it caused Minna to let out a nervous laugh. Then Mike sat down at the table. “What is your name?”
“Minna.”
“Well, Minna, perhaps you can save us some time,” Mike started. “Is there anyone else living in this immediate area?”
“Not that I know of,” she said. “You are the first live people I have seen in months. I go walking most days and have only seen animals.”
“How would you like some company?” he asked her. “There are eighteen of us and we were looking to settle in your little town here.”
Minna sat down across from him. “Are you serious? You have that many people with you?”
“They are about thirty minutes away from here,” Mike told her. “One of our people was injured and they had to stop and help him. We just came to recon the area and see if it was safe here.”
Minna reached across the table and took Mike’s hand. “You would be most welcome. I have been alone for so long that I was beginning to talk to myself.”
“Mike does that all the time, he doesn’t need an excuse,” Stas said with a grin.
“Yeah, yeah, always bustin’ my chops,” Mike said without looking at Stas. “Why don’t you make yourself useful and go call Tim and let him know that we have found another survivor and that the town is clear.”
***
Tim was just about to tell Henrik he was glad that he was wrong about him when Stas’ voice came over the radio. “What’s up Stas?”
“The town is clear, Tim, and we have good news,” Stas told him.
“I am all ears.” “We found another survivor. A woman named Minna.”
Tim smiled. “That’s great news. I will tell the others. Tell Mike to stay there tonight and we will join you in the morning.”
Stas acknowledged Tim and drove the Tomcar up to Minna’s house. As he walked up he could hear Mike laughing with Minna and when he entered the kitchen he smelled fresh brewed coffee. “I would love a cup of that.”
Minna poured him one as Mike slid his cup over to her. “And I’ll take a refill.”
She poured it for him. “I am glad you like my coffee. I pride myself on it.”
Stas downed his cup and had a second. Half way through he started to get light headed. He looked over at Mike and noticed he was sleeping in his chair, “What’s wrong Mike? Can’t hold your coffee?”
He was laughing to himself when he passed out.
***
Mike awoke and tried to shake the fog out of his head. He tried to move rub his eyes but he could not move his arm. Then he realized that he was tied up. He looked around and saw Stas was tied up, too. They were sitting in the dining room of a large house and as his eyes adjusted he noticed the other chairs were not empty.
Sitting in each chair was a rotting corpse. Each had been dressed in formal attire and posed. Mike called to Stas, “Wake up, Ruskie! We’re in deep shit.”
Stas started to stir. “Wake up, Stas!”
Stas snapped his head up. “What is it comrade? What is going on?”
He strained at his bonds but could not move. Mike looked over at him. “Looks like Minna is fucking nuts. She has us here with a bunch of dead people.”
“This is not good, comrade. What time is it?” Stas asked.
Mike looked around. “If I had to guess it is sometime around two A.M., but that clock over there is hard to read.”
“We have to get out of here and warn the others,” Stas said. “They will be heading this way soon.”
“I know, we have to think of something,” Mike said trying to think.
Just then the door opened and Minna came in. “And how are you getting along with our new guests?”
Mike and Stas just looked at her. She did not look back at them, but instead stopped and addressed each corpse in turn. “How did you like the soup, Henri?
“Too salty?” She said shaking her head. “I am sorry. I will have to speak with the staff.”
Then she moved on to the next and each in turn had her one way conversation with them. When she got to Mike she paused. “How did you like the coffee?”
“A bit strong,” Mike told her.
She hesitated and looked at the corpses. “None of them complained about it.”
Stas looked over at Mike in disbelief.
Then Minna snapped her attention back to Mike. “Well that is a pity.” And she walked to the door. “I do hope your friends get here soon. These other guests are a frightful bore.”
Mike and Stas just looked at each other as she left and closed the door. Mike was the first to speak. “She is definitely fucking nuts!”
Stas nodded. “And creepy, she is making my skin crawl. We need to get out of here now.”
Mike looked around. The table was set for dinner but there was no food or drink. He tried to move his hands but they were firmly tied down to the arm rests. He tried to move his legs but they, too, were tied to the legs of the chairs. He looked over at Stas. “Can you move at all?”
“My left leg is a little loose but that is all.” “These are pretty stout chairs, but they are wood,” Mike told him. “I am going to try to break mine.”
Stas nodded and Mike grabbed the arm rests and pushed outwards, they moved just a little. Then he pulled inwards and then moved a bit more.
Stas saw what he was doing and began on his chair. Slowly the arms started to loosen and with a last effort Mike right arm rest broke free. He untied his left arm and then started to work on his right. Suddenly the door opened and they both froze.
Minna came in and this time she had a cart with her. She pushed it over to the table and started to serve. She ladled soup into the dish in front of each corpse until she reached where Mike was. As she leaned over, Mike grabbed her arm and pulled her down.
Minna screamed and tried to pull away, but Mike just tightened his grip. She swung her free arm around and grabbed the knife on the table but before she could bring it around Mike let go of her arm and brought his arm up and backhanded her.
She flew back and hit the cart with her head and lay still. Mike reached down and grabbed the knife out of her hand and cut the bonds on left arm. Then he cut his legs loose. He stood and almost fell. The bonds had been so tight that his legs had gone to sleep.
When he regained his footing, he walked over to Stas and started to cut his bonds. When Stas was free he went back over to where Minna had fallen. She was gone. Mike looked over to the door which had been closed but now was open. “Shit, I should have made sure that bitch was dead!”
Stas grabbed a knife off of the table. “What do we do now Mike?”
Mike tightened his grip on the knife in his hand. “We find her and put her out of our misery.”
They cautiously walked over to the door and looked out. Minna was nowhere to be seen. They left the dining room and headed for what they thought must be the front door. They tried the door knob but it was locked. Mike kicked it twice but it would not budge. He looked over at Stas. “We’ll have to find another way out.”
They walked down the hallway and pulled the drapes open. The windows had been covered with boards on the outside. Mike shook his head. “This gets worse and worse. Let’s keep moving.”
Stas took point and they checked each window in turn. Each was the same, boarded from the outside.
***
Tim and his crew woke and after some short goodbyes they loaded up and headed for Cuxac-Cabardès. They left the ambulance with Jase and headed out of town. Tim called on the radio but got no response from Mike or Stas. “That’s strange. I expected to get a call from them this morning. I hope everything is okay.”
Henrik looked over and said, “We had better be on guard just in case. I would hate to have trouble so close to the end.”
Tim called to the others. “I have not been able to reach Mike and Stas so be cautious when we get there. I want two fire teams. One with John, Jiro, and Richard and the other with Henrik, Senya, and me. My team will search the town for them and the other will search the outlying farms.”
Jiro came on the radio. “Hai, Tim-san. Do you expect they are in trouble?”
“I hope not, Little Father, but let’s be on the safe side anyway,” Tim told him.
As they approached the town, they split up. Tim’s team parked and started a building by building search. Jiro and John drove out of town and started to go house by house. Around noon when they found the Tomcar parked at Minna’s cottage.
John called Tim on the radio. “We found the Tomcar, but no sign of Mike or Stas. We went in the house and found Mike’s S.A.W. He would not have left it behind by choice.”
“No, he would not,” Tim said. “Everyone be on alert. We have a situation here.”
Tim’s team joined Jiro’s at the cottage, and Tim began to search the area for clues. Soon they found Tim’s grenade launcher and Tim addressed the group. “Split up into two-man teams and find them. Be on the lookout for a young woman, she is most likely the cause of all this.”
The others nodded and broke into teams. Each headed off in a different direction.
***
Mike and Stas had searched the entire first and second floor and had returned to the dining room. “The others should be here by now, we need to try and signal them.”
“Why don’t we light a fire?” Stas asked. “Hopefully they will see the smoke.”
Mike agreed and they went into the parlor. Mike tore down the drapes and shoved them into the fireplace, “That should smoke something fierce.”
Stas pulled his lighter out and ignited the drapes.
Soon a huge fire was blazing and white smoke filled the room. Stas backed away. “We should get out of here. That smoke is going to fill the whole room.”
Mike nodded and they backed out of the room. As they entered the hall they heard a screech from behind them. “No! You will ruin everything!”
They turned and saw Minna standing at the end of the hall next to an open panel. She ducked in and it slid closed behind her. They ran to where she had been standing and Mike searched for the opening. He kicked the wall. “It was right here. Look for a lever or switch.”
Stas and Mike felt along the wall. “Here it is, comrade.”
He pressed a piece of trim and panel slide open. They ducked in and followed the narrow passage. They descended a small set of stairs. “We are underground now, Stas.”
Soon the passage became rough stone and they knew that they were going away from the house.
***
Jiro and John were walking north when Jiro stopped. “John-san, something is bothering me. I want to go back to the house.”
“Are you sure? What is wrong?” John asked.
“I am not sure, but I feel like we need to go back.” John relented and they turned back to the house. Jiro was had broken into a trot and John could sense his urgency. He pulled up his M16 and took it off safe. They arrived back at the house and on the horizon they could see white smoke coming from the large house near the cottage.
John pointed. “That was not smoking when we left.”
“No, we should call the others.” John fired three rounds into the air and waited. Soon it was answered by three more.
John looked over at Jiro. “What should we do?”
Jiro thought about it for a second. “Go check it out and I will wait here for the others to return.”
John nodded and headed up to the mansion.
***
Mike and Stas were practically running down the passage and almost fell over each other when it ended in a small wooden door. Mike tried the door knob but it was locked. “That little bitch!”
Mike was really pissed now, and he gave the door a hard kick. The impact rocked the small door and he could see the nails loosen. He kicked again and saw light coming through the cracks in the wood. He kicked again and again until it door just came apart. He pulled it open and rushed in; they were in a cellar and there was a set of stairs leading up.
Mike looked at Stas. “Five will get you ten we are in Minna’s house.”
They headed to the stairs and when they got there Minna was standing at the top with a rifle. “That is far enough! You will stay right down there and keep quiet.”
Mike smiled. “But I would like another cup of coffee.”
Minna looked at him funny and started to lower the rifle. Then she snapped it back up. “I think you are trying to trick me. You said the coffee was too strong.”
Stas stepped next to Mike. “I really liked the coffee. Could you get me some?”
She stared at Stas for a minute, her eyes wandering. “Why didn’t you finish your dinner, my dear?”
She had a strange far off look in her eyes. “I was coming to see if you needed help, my dear. We both were.”
Minna cocked her head and then her eyes blazed. “NO! You are lying! You have come to ruin everything!”
She pointed the rifle straight at Mike and started to pull the trigger. Mike was bracing for the impact when he heard:
“Kiai!”
Minna’s head snapped forward and she dropped the rifle. Then she fell forward and rolled down the stairs. As she reached the bottom Mike heard a snap. He walked over to where she was and saw that her head was at an odd angle.
They looked back up the stairs and Jiro was standing there. “Mike-san, Stas-san, are you okay?”
Mike stepped on the bottom of the stairs. “We are now, thanks to you.”
Jiro bowed and Mike and Stas walked up stairs to greet them. When they got back outside Tim and the others had just arrived. Tim ran over to them. “You found them! What is going on?”
“Jiro saved our bacon,” Mike told him. “I am glad you brought him with you from Japan.”
Mike and Stas related what had happened to them and how Minna had gone insane. Mike shook his head. “She must have snapped being alone so long with nothing but the dead for company. It’s a shame too. She was a beautiful woman.”
The others we just happy that they we OK. When all the questions were done Tim said, “We’re here now. Let’s get to work and find places to live before the first snows come.”


Epilogue
They buried Minna in the local cemetery, and after a brief service, they all went back to her cottage. When they got back, Asa and Grace made lunch and then they all gathered in the living room where John had started a fire then the hearth.
When they were all settled, Tim spoke, “We are finally here. Now we need to get ready for winter. Asa has told me she would like to live in this house. So if there are no objections we will take this one.”
Mike grinned. “Fine by me, this house has bad memories for me.”
They all laughed and then John said, “If you don’t mind Tim, Grace and I will take the farmstead to the west. I looked it over this morning and Grace tells me you can see your kitchen garden from her kitchen.”
Asa smiled. “Tim and I would like that, John.”
Tim nodded. “Yes, that would be great. Also, Jiro has asked if he could live with us and I have told him nothing would please me more. Sofia and Anna will stay with us, too, at least for the first winter.”
Mike stood. “I will be staying in town at the hotel. Stas and his comrades are going to stay there too, for now. We are going to try to get the power going then try to convert the place so that you don’t have to rely on electricity.”
Tim smiled. “Sounds good, Mike. I would like you to start thinking about local security too.”
“I already have,” Mike said. “I will give you a report after our meeting.”
“Good, I knew I could count on you, Mike,” Tim said smiling.
Jiro was next to speak. “Tim-san, I drove around the other farms with John-san this morning. There are at least fifty cattle in the pastures around town. There are also many pigs and chickens and a dozen horses. We need to gather them and get them in barns before it gets too cold.”
“Can you take care of that?” Tim asked.
“I will see that it is done, Tim-san,” Jiro assured him.
“Asa tells me that Minna had gathered enough food in the cellar to last four or so months. We need to do the same for all the homesteads that we are going to live in. We also need to stockpile all the food in this town and keep it safe,” Tim told them.
John caught Tim’s eye. “I can head that up Tim. I will get one of the Russians to help.”
Tim nodded. “Good. We also need to get a place set up for Jase and Kelly. I am going to ask them to put Stiles up until he is healed. Then I guess he can move into the hotel with the rest of you until he finds a place he likes.”
Tim paused then continued. “Jiro is a good farmer, so I would also like him to start teaching the rest of us how to farm. John has told me he used to have horses, so I will have him teach the rest of us the basics. The rest we can figure out on our own.”
They all nodded and the meeting ended. Everyone left except for Asa, who brought Tim another cup of coffee. “Well things are shaping up well. We can split the livestock up and start three or four good farms. We could even search the surrounding communities for other livestock.”
“You shifted from Marine to farmer pretty quick. The role suits you well,” Asa told him.
“We do what we must,” Tim said as he shrugged. “I hope that there won’t be any more need for Marines, but that would be unrealistic.”
“It will be nice to have Jiro and the girls here,” Asa told him. “It will be like a family.”
“Anna has taken a real liking to Jiro,” Tim observed. “She is young and I think misses her dad.”
Asa smiled. “She is just what Jiro needs. She will give him a reason to get up each day.”
Tim finished his coffee and left to find John. Together they searched the adjacent farms and found that either Minna had cleared out the bodies for her macabre diner guests or the former owners had left before they had died. Either way the houses were clear of dead bodies and still had a fresh smell about them.
Tim chose the farm on the other side of them for Jase and Kelly. And after checking it, he drove into town. He found Richard and Irene there checking out the local mercantile. “Irene and I have decided to live in town. We want to get this store up and running again.”
Tim smiled. “That will be great. Perhaps we can set up a barter system. It looks like we have the start of a great little town here.”
“I am glad you think it is a good idea. Irene wants to scout the local towns for supplies and bring them back here to trade.” “I like it. That frees me up to be a farmer.” Tim smiled and continued down the street and found Mike and Stas at the jail. Mike waved and Tim walked over. “What’s up?”
Mike smiled. “I remembered something Stiles said. That he wanted to start up a police force. Stas and I are going to get this place ready for him. There are living quarters in back. I think it is perfect.”
Tim nodded. “I agree. Great job, Mike, Stiles is going to love it. Just remember to dig out the Union Jack he brought and hang it in the window.”
Mike laughed as Tim continued his tour. He found John and Jiro at the local clinic where they were setting up things for Jase.
John called Tim over. “We are getting this place cleaned up. Jase is going to love it. We are going to set up a patient room at their house too.”
“Awesome, John, I know Jase will be very happy.”
And so it went. Each group worked hard and after a week Jase arrived with the rest of the group. Stiles was in good spirits and Kelly loved the house they had picked out for her. When they had settled in, Kelly pulled Asa aside. “I pregnant!”
“That’s great, now our kid will have someone to play with,” Asa said with delight.
Asa and Grace prepared a grand feast and they slaughtered one of the hogs and Ernesto cooked it in a pit. After the meal Tim tapped his glass with his spoon to get their attention.
He stood and held his glass up. “To us! We have survived the plague and the bombs. We have survived pirates, crazies, fanatics and wild animals and we have traveled half way around the world. Now we start a new adventure.”
The others raised their glasses. “To us!”
John stood. “And to you, Tim. Without your leadership we might not have made it.”
They all stood and Stiles started to sing.
“For he’s a jolly good fellow.”
When they had finished Tim held up his hand. “Thank you all. But now that we are all here we need to work to get things ready for the winter. Tomorrow we begin to get supplies to last six months. Then we can rest and gather our strength.”
They all cheered again and Ernesto poured another round. They sang and danced into the night and when the fire had burned low they slowly drifted away, each to their own home.
The next morning they began the searching the adjacent towns and brought all the supplies they could find and stocked their homes. After two weeks Tim was confident they would have what they needed to survive the winter. John and Jiro had rounded up ten more horses and two dozen more cattle along with several pigs and more chickens than they could count. They split them among the three farmsteads.
Senya had signed on with Jase and Kelly’s farmstead as their farmhand. Stas had told them that before he was conscripted into the navy his family had run a good-sized farm. He set to work fixing the fences and taking care of the livestock and seemed quite happy to do it. Stas began to teach him and Yuri English so that when he left in the spring they could at least understand the others.
Jiro settled into the role of Asa’s grandfather and had already begun plans for farming the fields when the spring came. Ernesto had decided to live in town and open a tavern. He told the others that they would all need a place to come and share their stories. He would provide a warm place with good food and drink.
Mike and Stas were still adamant about leaving when the spring came. They moved into a hotel in town and each day would scout the local area, always returning within a day or two with tales of their adventures.
And so they all passed their first winter in France.
***
When the spring came Senya stared a breeding program with the livestock with the help of Yuri. Jiro started to plant the fields with the help of John and Tim. They planted Tim and John’s fields with wheat and Jase’s with corn. They also planted vegetable gardens at each farm and then just outside of Asa’s kitchen, Jiro planted an herb garden.
Asa gave birth that spring to a healthy baby boy, and Tim had insisted they name him Charles. They were surprised that he had not gotten sick, but Jase concluded that the plague must not have survived the winter. Then the day came when Mike and Stas drove up in the Tomcar. They got out and Tim came out to meet them.
Tim lit a smoke. “So I guess you’re leaving now.”
Mike nodded and looked to the north. “Winter is over and the roads to the north will be clearing. Stas and I are anxious to explore.”
“Where will you go?” Tim asked.
Stas looked over. “I have always wanted to see Paris. Mike says we can go there first. He wants to bring you and Asa something from the Louvre to decorate your home.”
“I have always wanted to see the Mona Lisa,” Tim said whimsically. “We could put it in the living room.”
Mike extended his hand. “It has been a privilege and an honor, Tim.”
Tim took his hand. “Likewise, my brother, you take care and check in from time to time.”
Mike jumped into the Tomcar. “I will, and you take care of the others.”
Tim nodded as Mike fired up the engine and with one last wave he drove down the drive. Tim watched until he could not see them anymore and then went back in.
Asa was in the living room breastfeeding Charles. “So they have left.”
Tim noticed that Asa was crying. He walked over and knelt beside her. “What’s wrong?”
“I was wrong about Mike,” she said. “He is a good man and I will miss him.”
“He will be back. He is just going to explore the world.” She tried to muster a smile. “I hope you’re right.”
Tim stroked her hair. “I know I am. We have not seen the last of that scoundrel.”

