



For My Son
Joshua


The Tautology

BOOK ONE: The Social Dialectic

Matthew A. Giesinger

Copyright Matthew A. Giesinger 2013

Published at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



As man now is, God once was; as God now is, man may be.
Mormon Proverb



Chapter 1




I sat across from Cassandra feeling nauseous. A file folder was open in front of me, describing in detail my mission and the information that I needed to accomplish my task. My mission was to infiltrate a terrorist organization. I’d only been in training for a week and just finished Basic. And yet, staring at the tablecloth in front of me, my skin slick with perspiration, I knew I had no choice. But as far as I knew, it was a suicide mission. 
I tried to remember how I got stuck in this position. I tried to recall the sequence of events that led me to this woman and this terrifying order. The world was not what it was supposed to be. It was not how I’d remembered it. 
It didn't happen overnight; it took days and months and years. Some of it happened quite by accident, but other events seemed to steer us toward a certain future more than others. I now know that it wasn't an accident; fate had a purpose in mind. It wasn't a purpose that I desired. It wasn't a purpose that all people believed in. But it was a future that was as unavoidable as it was catastrophic. 
As always, it began with the best intentions. It started with the simple pursuit of happiness. It started with the utilitarian principle of the greatest happiness for the greatest number. Such a thing sounds pleasant to the ear, a simple piece of elegant logic. But the more power that people have, the more they seek some kind of structure upon which to frame their actions. There is no perfect philosophy which will guide the human race into utopia - people are much too complicated for that. But power requires a guise through which to assert itself - to justify itself. The more power the more tyrannical that philosophy becomes, the more its incipient weaknesses grow evident, on the canvass of human experience.
I don't know where to begin my story. I suppose it would make sense to tell you about my childhood: the red cloudless skies that scorched cracked, rust stained mud in the south. I do not know if you will understand what I have seen; although I hope so. I realize that what I am saying may seem archaic and primitive. 
The first memory that I have is of my Grandfather. He was a large man, with widely set green eyes, large hands and a mop of grey hair. He was over eighty when I was born. I remember him telling me of the first airplane he ever saw fly, of the first television his parents bought, of his first look at the home computer. 
My Grandfather was a relic. The breadth of his knowledge included only a primitive calculator or digital watch. He lived in the countryside, outside Toronto, in a rickety, small one bedroom house that smelled of old age and mildew. He would sit under the porch light in a rocking chair sucking on a pipe, sending out streaks of grey-black ash, his eyes never leaving the horizon. I remember sitting nearby, watching him, listening to his voice and falling into a trance, feeling a pleasant calming vibration up through my legs and into my chest. 
My first memory is of my Grandfather sitting in that chair. I don't remember where I was or how old I was. I remember that it was before the first Red Summer, before 2015. I know that it was before 2015 because my Grandfather had a garden with purple flowers like daisies, stretching up on long stalks above the porch railing, swaying gently in the breeze. I remember putting my hand out and grasping them, holding a fuzzy green stalk in my tiny hand. I know it was long after my Grandmother had died. It was probably 2012 or 2013. I was about four years old.
My Grandfather was telling me a story about the age before - when he was young. He told me about the farm he grew up on, about the horses, the pigs and the crops. He recalled driving the horses across the field, dragging a steel beast behind him, slicing up the wheat. He recalled an era in which man was independent, where it was possible to live your whole life without ever going to a store to buy something. 
I remember listening to the farm stories and getting bored. Milking cows and cleaning up after pigs was much less interesting than airplanes and astronauts. He would sometimes chide me softly, pat me on the head, and change topics, but other times he would go right on, telling me of the last chicken he ever chased or cow he milked. I listened and sometimes fell asleep, subdued by the hypnotic vibration of his voice, the sunshine sending warm air through the porch and into the house.
I remember the first Red Summer much better. I was seven years old. We lived in an apartment in the North part of the city, my father and mother and I. My father, an engineer, was working downtown for a conglomerate that built subway trains and small jet engine aircrafts. He would often work late during the week and disappear on weekends. My mother was still going to school, which meant that I spent a lot of time with my Nanny, a small Filipino woman named Mary. 
I did not understand what the red skies meant. I remember being fascinated with the way the sunlight seemed to glow around the edges of thin white clouds, like halos on the heads of angels. I remember the first day of that Red Summer, watching the news, being told to stay indoors to avoid heat stroke. My father was working and my mother was out shopping on her day off. When my mother came home at noon, her skin was covered in red patches, like sunburn, only rougher. I remember hearing her scream when she stood in front of the mirror, pulling off large brown sunglasses out of disbelief. I remember Mary standing over her on the couch, using ice packs to assuage her pain, and them speaking in hushed voices. I remember being told to stay away from the windows.
I sat in front of the television and watched, understanding little, but fascinated by the sudden and exciting change. The news anchors struggled with explanations as more and more people were hospitalized. The death toll rose slowly, as they rationalized it according to past historical heat waves. But even early on, they knew that this was different. 
By this time, global warming was more than simply a hypothesis. But, this kind of sudden change did not seem to fit any understandable pattern. Instead, as the hours passed, it became increasingly clear that something was wrong with the sun. By five o’clock, the number of dead had risen over a hundred, people falling over in the streets, the elderly and the young more than any other group. The news anchors called upon meteorologists, climate scientists and finally, astronomers and physicists. By dinner time, as the smell of Mary cooking a stir fry twisted through the house into my bedroom, physicists were describing a solar flare of unprecedented magnitude. The surface of the sun had literally exploded into open space, swallowing up Mercury and sending waves of radiation deep into the solar system. 
Of course, at the time, I didn’t understand any of this. I had a vague idea of what the solar system was and that the sun was at the centre of it. I did not understand much of what was said about the science of the matter, but what I did understand was that my mother was moaning in the next room, her body covered in third degree burns that were blistering and scabbing over. I understood, when my father came home wearing a garbage bag over his body and a ratty old hat on his head, that something odd was happening, something very bad. 
The first Red Summer lasted for six weeks. The temperature during those weeks broke sixty degrees Celsius for much of it, nearing close to seventy on a few particularly long days. By the second day, the blackouts had started as air conditioners sucked the energy out of the electricity grid. By the end of the first week, the government had called a general holiday for all non-essential public workers. Public transit, excluding subways, was shut down. By the end of the second week, the city had become a ghost town. By the third week, the city was starting to run out of food. The government set up depots, moving food into and out of the cities using the rail lines, replacing conductors with automated systems. 
It was at this point, that the city decided to follow the lead of cities like London, England by shifting working hours from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. to 4 a.m. Things seemed to develop a strange new equilibrium as the world adjusted to the new situation. I’ll always remember how strange it seemed at first, not because the world had become a totally different place in a matter of weeks, but because, after a few days, it became largely unremarkable.
When the first Red Summer ended, there were parties in the streets. The media dubbed the celebration “Wet Tuesday” as rain burst through full white clouds hovering over the skyline. I was on my way home during the first week of school in the pitch black, on the school bus, when the first drops of wetness landed on my outstretched hand, clear of the window. I took those drops and placed them on my tongue to assure myself it was water, and they tasted sweet. At home, my mother and father celebrated with a bottle of wine, while Mary and I watched the news on television. 
It was a strange night, a night that seemed magical to me, as a child. I think perhaps there were many who believed that the heat would continue forever. I had gotten so used to it, that I no longer cared.
The second Red Summer, the next year, seemed far less foreboding for us. We all knew that it would end, at some point, whether we liked it or not. It was also different because people, being adaptable, found a hundred new ways to beat the red heat. After the first Red Summer, heat shields were installed on all automobiles; just as emissions testing had required certain modifications, windows on public and private buildings were given a black lining that would keep the radiation out of the interior. People got used to wearing new forms of synthetic fibre and carrying umbrellas. The sheer utility of the objects had even begun to fade as new styles arose based upon a variety of patterns and forms. 
The second Red Summer the following year seemed more like a holiday to break the monotony of daily life in the city. For most people all it meant was that they might have to work at odd hours. The wet holiday came soon enough and people filled the streets, concerts were scheduled, trucks unloaded, beer and wine drunk. By this time, I was eight years old, and my mother and father took me out to the street to see the sights. I remember my amazement and good humour upon being allowed to stay up past my bed time. 
I did not understand at the time, either when I was seven or eight, that while our lives went on in Canada, in other parts of the world people were dying by the thousands. I remember reading in grade six, before the black skies of 2020 that over a hundred million people died during that first summer. Most died in faraway places like Mozambique or Sudan, far away from anywhere that I would ever go, or see. I don’t think I ever truly understood the scale of the disaster. To me it just meant that I had to go to school later and be careful not to go outside during the day. But to some people, poor people, it meant a death sentence.
The second Red Summer killed half as many people. Somewhere in Texas, someone smart had invented a kind of cloak, composed of synthetic nanotechnology materials that reflected most of the light that hit its surface back into the sky. In Africa, these cloaks were handed out by the thousands, owing to the charity of billionaires, banding together on behalf of the human race, to protect those most weak and vulnerable. It was a kind of epiphany, those long days, in which people seemed to realize that some things were more important.
These cloaks arose out of a nanotechnology revolution occurring at the same time. My father was one of the first to line the windows of our vehicles with the new blue nanomembranes that would quickly become ubiquitous. My father tried to explain to me how it worked when I was eight, but I didn’t really understand. All I knew was that it was activated by an electrical current that would change the chemical structure to allow light to move only one way. In the years that followed, this membrane became so common that it was impossible to miss.
I remember the day my father came home with the first cloak, putting it on in the kitchen under incandescent light bulbs. He shimmered and seemed almost to disappear, an odd shifting rainbow pattern reflecting the false light. The cloak seemed to turn a man into a mirror, casting a rainbow pattern on the wall. Those prismatic colours would be a constant friend in the years to come, although I didn’t realize it then.
It didn’t last of course. The second Red Summer gave way in 2020 to the black skies and red moons of the never ending heat. The summers started to grow longer and hotter and the winters shorter and milder. At first, these changes seemed small, small enough to ignore. At least, after the Red Summer of 2016, people seemed to be able to purchase enough cloaks to stay alive. But that changed in 2020. The swelling hordes of refugees leaving the equatorial regions became an onslaught that toppled governments and murdered millions. 
I was only in grade three at the time. My father, being an engineer, immediately recognized the signs of climate change. By the end of the second day, as temperatures reached the high sixties, he knew that this was not just another Red Summer. He had all of our things loaded into a truck he rented and we were on the road by six p.m. the third day. The highways were clear as people celebrated together the beginning of another Red Summer. The city’s public works and operations had already begun to shift toward night time hours. My father had a deep frown on his face that meant I wasn’t supposed to ask questions so I tried not to interrupt when my mother and father discussed their plans.
We drove for days, stopping only for gas and to sit out the peak of the day’s heat, as my parents switched back and forth, sleeping when they could. By five o’clock p.m. on day five we were about three hundred kilometres from Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories. The truck bounced up and down, shuffling through pot holes, as I looked out the window, watching tall grasses, swelling hills, rise and fall. My father was wearing a baseball cap on his head with sweat streaming down his temples. He had turned down the air conditioner to save gas and it was over thirty degrees in the cabin. My mother was trying to sleep, slouched against the window. I was bored, casting aside a book that my father had bought me about Yellowknife, our future home.
My father had requested relocation at his company before the move. They had a factory in the north. He’d rented the truck and put the essential things together without even getting an answer, receiving confirmation by email on day three. I remember my mother’s sigh of relief when she found out that we had a house and a job to go to. I didn’t really understand what everything meant, but I knew that I’d no longer have Mary as my friend. I knew that I’d be in a new school and a new city. I didn’t understand that to the south the world itself was coming to an end.
I sat in our new house, in my parent’s bedroom, where a flat screen television sat perched on the end of a table; the one item that had been placed in its final position. My father was at work and my mother downstairs unpacking. I watched the news with a strange feeling that I couldn’t identify at the time. I now know it was horror. 
In North Africa, people were climbing into ships by the thousands, paddling across the Mediterranean to Southern Europe, where air conditioning was more common and food available. The famines worldwide were expected to kill hundreds of millions of the poor scattered around the equatorial regions, in India, Africa and South America. There was a drought so severe that some areas simply stopped having rainfall, becoming desert in a matter of months. I watched as the United States, our great and powerful neighbour, ran out of fresh water. Huge numbers of refugees fled the southern states to head north. By the time I was enrolled in school, over six million people had been reported dead, but many many more had died. It was only a matter of weeks before the heat topped seventy five degrees around the equator.
The mobilization of the American military began after a few weeks. They declared martial law across the country. The Canadian and American governments agreed to set up refugee camps in the Prairie Provinces, which were best positioned to accept immigrants with fresh water supplies and ample crops. Canada agreed to provide mineral resources, water and oil to the United States and in exchange, the United States agreed to limit incursions into Canadian territory. 
Most of Canada was hit hard by the heat. A drought spread through the southern Prairie Provinces killing vast swaths of crops. Further north, toward Saskatoon, the temperatures were milder, the growing season longer, more productive, ensuring steady food production. 
I was in school by this time learning about mathematics and science. Every day, we would spend an hour watching the news as part of a Public Affairs class. Our teachers taught us about climate change - about the horrible conditions in other parts of the world. They never told us the whole truth, just enough for us to understand the gravity of the situation. After a few months of it, I began to lose interest. My father was back at work, my mother very much the same. I had a new Nanny named Olivia who watched me after school. I made some friends in the area, and because the temperatures were so mild, I was able to play outside. In a way, it was one of the happiest times of my life. The sky never seemed so clear and clean. It lasted for a few years. Years in which billions died and the world itself was remade.
By the time I was ten, Canada as I’d known it no longer existed. Vast numbers of people were relocated to the northern areas of the provinces. The city of Toronto was a ghost town. The crisis led to the election of a new far left party, the Democratic Socialists, a mixture of socialists and hardliner expansionists who instituted a number of policies to combat the effects of the weather change. The government had realized that it no longer made sense to waste the electricity to keep millions of air conditioners running when there was plenty of space to the north where temperatures were milder. As a result, new cities were constructed on the shores of Hudson Bay, the upper reaches of Labrador, Northern Manitoba to British Columbia and the territories. Massive refugee camps formed near the edges of a vast new desert forming along the border with the United States. The crop yields of the Northern prairies were collected by the government and sold at subsidized prices to Canadian residents, with subsistence amounts sold at a premium to the United States government, who gave them to the refugees. 
The strain on the United States became increasingly catastrophic. From Mexico millions of people forced their way across the border, many dying in the process. By virtue of advancements in nuclear science, a new form of miniaturized mobile nuclear reactor, called the pebble-bed reactor, was perfected. These reactors had the benefit of being quickly and easily built and relocated. Only the Northern states managed to keep their economies functioning, requiring the construction of hundreds of pebble-bed nuclear generators to keep the air conditioners operating. The coastal regions were quickly flooded as the sea levels rose, forcing millions to flee inland. Florida was washed away by the Atlantic Ocean. The Southern states including Texas became a deserted wasteland. 
The Canadian people idly watched as our population increased from 35 million in 2015 to 150 million by 2020. A huge fence was built across our southern border to control the flow of refugees. Many affluent citizens of the United States relocated to Canada’s new cities, spurring the economy and the construction. The sale of Canadian mineral resources, water and oil to the United States provided for a massive influx of wealth that enabled the government to complete its huge construction projects to accommodate the refugees. 
By the time I was ten years old, things had become difficult with the United States. The once mighty superpower had lost its glorious economy and prosperity. But it had not lost its military might or its technological superiority. It became clear as Canada got richer and the United States got poorer, that the arrangement wouldn’t last. To avert a full scale war, the Canadian and United States governments agreed to form a political union called the NAU: the North American Union. The United States’ Southern border would rise to the 45th parallel. The United States government would be relocated to Minneapolis. The Canadian government would remain in Riel City on Hudson Bay. The political union would operate with greater political integration than the now defunct European Union had before it collapsed in 2020 when refugees and riots shattered much of continental Europe. 
It was hard to imagine that things could get any worse. Whole states in the continental United States simply ceased to exist. Millions of people died in the ensuing floods, the odd storms and riots that arose from the lack of resources. And then, when I was ten years old, the disease hit. It seemed to only afflict boys who had just hit puberty. The younger the boy the more quickly it struck. The older men seemed to get it later, but the effect was the same. I remember my father coming home from work one day, clutching at a newspaper in his hands, his face twisted as he read the news. 
The disease started by cutting off a man’s testosterone production. In pre-teens and early teens, those who had yet to undergo much of puberty, this effect was catastrophic. But because it worked so slowly, it sometimes took years for people to realize something was wrong. Those suffering from the disease experienced altered development, resulting in longer arms and legs, no Adam’s apple and androgynous features. They were infertile, neither masculine nor feminine. They were extremely docile, without any physical endurance. They were apathetic and unmotivated. They had severe psychological problems including disorientation, memory lapses and other cognitive deficits. After five years or so, the Afflicted, as we called them, started to die.
Scientists tried to supplement the testosterone of these men with no avail. The disease altered the normal metabolism of the man, causing his body to metabolise the supplement instead of allowing it to remain in his system. Besides, by the time most of the young men knew they had the disease, it was too late; the damage was done. The youngest experienced the most severe disorder, but the disease altered the hormonal balance of every man. It took years longer for the effect to impact mature adult men, but ultimately it did, with the same result. 
I was one of the lucky ones. We were only about 1 percent of the male population. We weren’t immune mind you, we were carriers. We were Afflicted by it, our immune systems always fighting it. But, even among our number, there were those who succumbed to the disease many decades after being exposed. There were also some odd symptoms that would arise from resistance: disturbances to memories and thought processes. These symptoms were rare but had been documented in some unique cases. Nevertheless, we were fertile. We could produce children that were likewise resistant to the disease. 
I remember my later teenage years as being very strange. I remember that all the friends that I had been close to growing up suddenly seemed uninteresting to me. All around me, quietly, the world filled up with ambitious, smart and educated women. Soon enough, my entire generation was put into residential treatment centres because they couldn’t care for themselves and they were too much of a burden for their families. In time, their fathers and grandfathers slowly became more and more like them. In the eight years, from age ten to age eighteen, when I graduated from high school, I had gone from an ordinary kid to an exception, an automatic leader by default. 
The structure of our society began to change. The unemployment rate among people of my generation was close to 60 percent. The retirement age increased to seventy five because older men, although perhaps frail in comparison to me, were still more vigorous and motivated than the young. The scarcity of fertile men led to an explosion in the use of sperm banks. By the time I was eighteen, it became a legal obligation of all fertile men to provide sperm on a yearly basis to a government sponsored clinic. By the time I was a teenager, I had been injected with a biomimetic microchip by the Department of Health. These microchips were designed to keep track of the health information and biosigns of NAU citizens to enable the Department of Health to provide fertility services and maintain records for so many Afflicted. 
The Afflicted took no interest in romantic relationships, lacking any capacity in that respect, and so the typical family structure changed, with single mothers becoming more common and the state acting as a stand in for fathers. Men like me, unafflicted and fertile, tended to take advantage of their social position, refusing to marry, instead taking multiple partners. In time, the key positions of government and academia were filed with women who viewed this kind of relationship as a new norm justified by the survival of the species. Among these women, sperm banks were viewed with derision. In their opinion, even if a man was the father of a hundred children, it was better for those children to have a father who they had met than none at all. By the time I was eighteen it was becoming increasingly common among younger people for men to have multiple partners at the same time.
I was always something of an anomaly in comparison to my peers. As a sixteen year old, I met my first girlfriend, Ariana. By this time, most of my male classmates were struggling with the disease. Many of them had simply disappeared from school. Many I never saw again. Many of the women in my class had begun to view me with wanting eyes. My girlfriend, Ariana, often said to me that she would not have judged me had I decided to take more than one girlfriend. She was a pleasant person, not judgmental, open to the new way of things. But, for a reason I can’t explain, it didn’t appeal to me. I had only ever wanted to be with Ariana. There was no one else as far as I was concerned.
By the time I was eighteen, I was a bit of an outcast among the unafflicted. When I was in Grade 12, there were only fifteen of us at my high school. The rest of my peers had a number of women they went with, many at the same time. My high school prom must have been a strange sight, with only fifteen men interested in attending and over two hundred women. I found the attention so disconcerting by this time that Ariana and I decided not to attend. 
High school ended with me and Ariana lying on the couch together, a bottle of wine between us, taking turns gulping down red liquid. I was eager to drink my fill, mindful of the fact that within a week I would be shipped off to boot camp for my year of compulsory military service. Conscription had been reinstituted when I was fifteen to address the chronic shortage of manpower at border posts and refugee camps. Keeping millions of people organized, fed and quiet was a task that required a well-trained, intelligent and strong group of people. Only 1 percent of men my age group were capable of performing this task, most of whom would never have volunteered given that it would mean being stationed down south, especially given the fact that many had dozens of girlfriends at home. After the election of the populist Democratic Socialist Party, the government had mandated a year of compulsory military service.
By this time, like most people my age, I’d heard whispers about the Joint Security Service, the JSS: the military unit nicknamed the Red Hawks. Apparently, many of my peers, those unafflicted, were placed into a special training program designed specifically for us. I didn’t know much about the Red Hawks. What I did know was that they were a kind of intelligence group. Publicly, it was known that the Red Hawks managed the military’s intelligence operations but the role they played at home was less clear. The Red Hawks didn’t really enter into my consciousness as a real organization until the morning after my graduation prom.
I woke up the morning after, my head pounding from a hangover, sitting with Ariana at my parent’s kitchen table – they were out of town on vacation in Alaska - watching television, drinking coffee. The news came on. There had been a shooting in downtown Riel City, dozens of people murdered by gunmen and an explosion in a downtown sperm bank. The killers were all Afflicted from the South. They had gone into a sperm bank and murdered all the staff members and the female clients there for insemination. When they had spilled blood all over the building, they shot themselves. 
This wasn’t the first time that an Afflicted had turned into a mass murderer. There had always been those who were dissatisfied with the new order of things. When I was in high school, there had been a shooting at another school on the other side of town. The killer was an Afflicted. He had left a rambling manifesto describing his theory about the disease: his belief that the disease was not caused by a random mutation of a virus or bacteria but was engineered by powerful women to gain control of our government. Among the Afflicted, as time went on, this became an increasingly common belief. 
Early on, such troublemakers could not cause much damage because they were rare and because most Afflicted lacked the mental capacity to perform such acts. But in time, pharmaceutical companies developed medications that could treat the psychological problems associated with the disease. These medicated men would never be able to perform physical labour, but they were increasingly integrated into society in roles that did not require the skills that they lacked. As these medications became increasingly cost-effective, the stresses on our society caused by enraged Afflicted men worsened, resulting in an increasing number of suicidal or homicidal episodes. 
By my eighteenth year, such episodes were common but not overwhelmingly so. I didn’t give much thought to them to be honest. But, on this particular day, the news story led to an interview with a man dressed in a dark blue suit. It was of a cut that I had never seen before. It was tight around the shoulders and chest, with epaulets. The neck came up slightly, like a turtle neck, and the pants joined at the hips with the tightly fitting top. It had no ornamentation, no tie, simply buttons on the chest, and a single pin on the collar with a blue hawk on a red background, shaped like a shield. 
The interviewer, a youngish Asian woman, asked a generic question about the events. The man put his hands behind his back and began to speak. His voice was deep and booming. He described the events in detail and stated quite bluntly that they believed the acts were the result of the planning and deliberation of a group of Afflicted men. He assured the audience that the perpetrators would be caught and punished. He concluded the interview by stating that the Joint Security Service was in charge of Counter Terrorism and would ensure that no stone would go unturned.
Ariana and I spent the morning discussing what we had seen. The Red Hawks were looking for people with special skills and characteristics, it was said. Even among the unafflicted, there were those who didn’t fit their mould. Nevertheless, my curiosity compelled me to hope that I would be wearing one of those uniforms someday. 
Ariana and I didn’t talk about the future much. She had wanted me to marry her, but she knew that at the rate things were changing such a marriage might not be possible. There were those among the politicians that wanted to outlaw single marriages on the basis that they were damaging to the species. I was at best an oddity and at worst deviant. I couldn’t believe that the state would encroach upon my freedoms so deliberately, but Ariana wasn’t so sure. In any event, my parents would never have supported us getting married so young, especially when I was going to be shipped to Northern Alberta for military training. We would have to be content with having each other’s company for the time being.
Within a week, a terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack. They called themselves the “Fallen Sons”. A brief statement was published in newspapers across the country in which this group claimed that we were on the brink of the End of Days. These “Fallen Sons” claimed that the disease, Red Summers and warming were signs of the return of Christ and the judgment of God. They called for an uprising against the matriarchy, a return to biblical law in preparation for the return of Jesus Christ. 
At this early time, no one took these people seriously. They were religious fanatics - followers of a religion that had not fared well since the Red Summers. Christians especially were among the worst hit by the disease. Although the rate of resistance among the general population was one percent, among Christians it was close to zero. No one really knows why – there were suggestions it was some kind of genetic weakness. Ultimately it didn’t matter. The traditional Christian religion was virtually obliterated. The only remaining churches were those that followed the new ways, incorporating them into a biblical interpretation that suited the times. These churches were often run by matriarchs who taught openness and community to women and Afflicted. Among the resistant faith was virtually absent.
I had been raised by my parents to believe in God. When I was young, my parents had read biblical stories to me and encouraged me to pray. After everything changed, my father especially seemed uninterested in faith. My mother continued to encourage me to pray until I was ten years old, but she herself seemed to have given up on the way of life she had been raised into. She would often say that the times were so very different and necessity mandated that people do things that ordinarily would seem odd or even perverse. I don’t remember my parents bringing up religion again after my twelfth birthday.
Hearing that the terrorists were Christian did not initially seem important to me. I had long forgotten the Christian lessons I had been taught as a child. I did not really care what the terrorists were, all I knew was that they were murderers and needed to be caught. Thinking back, I feel that this may have been an oversimplification, but at the time I fervently believed in the new order even though I did not necessarily live by it. The Afflicted were unfortunate and they deserved compassion, but that did not excuse murder. They were unlucky – not the victims of some kind of oppression or persecution. They were free to live as they liked. If it hadn’t been for the pharmaceutical companies their lives would have been totally wasted. The way I saw it they had much to be thankful for.
The news of the terrorist attack was followed by statements made by the Democratic Socialists that the JSS would be broadening their mandate for the purposes of ensuring domestic security. Laws were forthcoming placing JSS soldiers on every university campus, schools were subject to patrols. There was a suggestion that the JSS might be granted new powers to investigate terrorist crimes, including questioning those displaying terrorist sympathies or questionable political beliefs. These developments did not surprise or alarm me. As far as I was concerned, they were necessary to protect innocent lives.
 The next week passed quickly. I spent most of it with Ariana. We visited the lush parks around Yellowknife. My parents let us have the house to ourselves for most of the week but we enjoyed the outdoors, the beautiful landscape surrounding the burgeoning metropolis. We talked of our future together, of the many questions that we had about life and about each other. We both maintained our steadfast love to each other. I promised her that I would return from Basic the same person, that we would be married, that we would be happy.
Yellowknife’s population had risen steadily from 2020 onward. When my family drove past the city limits for the first time it had been a small city of about 20,000. By my eighteenth birthday the population was close to a million. The influx of refugees had brought vast sums of money, the wealth of entrepreneurs as well as government funding. The major developers had come together with the local government and federal representatives and planned out a vast upgrading to the local infrastructure. The government created vast high speed train corridors throughout the North. The developers built dozens of apartment buildings, business buildings and subdivisions, all keeping in mind the resources of the town. 
With the climate change, the temperatures in Yellowknife began to resemble those of a warm southern city. The winters were short and mild, the summers long and pleasantly warm. The area around the city exploded with the development of mines for uranium and other sought after metals. Yellowknife became a hub for the explosive development of the North. With the melting of the ice in the arctic, oil companies rushed to the region to develop deep sea oil. By 2028, the city was a beautiful mix of sprawling suburbs, parks and a large downtown core. 
Ariana and I loved the city. I had always intended to live there the rest of my life, but I knew that sometimes fate had other things in mind. Although I wanted some day to visit Riel City with Ariana, we had never been able to leave the Territory. Neither of us had taken much interest in the world at large, content with our small corner of it. Reading and learning in school about the current state of the world, the political order, the disease, all seemed surreal in our paradise. Of course we lived daily with the consequence of the disease, but otherwise Yellowknife was a wonderful place to live. 
I remember standing outside the departures gate at Yellowknife Station. I gave Ariana a hug and a long kiss. My trip to Northern Alberta was swift but it seemed to take hours. I sat in a corner next to an older man, Afflicted but not at the end stages of the disease. I tried not to look at him, my gaze resting on the tinted window. From the corner of my eye, I could see the familiar curves of his facial features, modified by years of testosterone deprivation. He seemed weak and frail, but his eyes had a cunning look to them.
 The train emptied onto a long platform. I pulled my backpack onto my shoulders, watching as a few others like me stepped onto the concrete. A bus was waiting for us at the main exit, idling beneath an overhang to shield it from the sun. Northern Alberta was free of the worst effects of the heat. The dry summers were long, providing a lengthy growing season. The winters were mild and short and the rainfalls just enough to keep the land fertile. The sun could still leave you with severe burns in a matter of hours, but unlike the South where a cloak was required up here all you needed was a hat.
Fort McMurray was the second largest city in the province after Edmonton. Calgary, like Toronto and most of the Southern Canadian cities, had been abandoned as refugees overwhelmed the city, the heat scorching the earth and turning it into a desert. Edmonton had fared better, but the cost of air conditioning and the dryness had left it largely inhabited by the rich. Fort McMurray had a large Air Base where NAU troops were stationed. It was also the home to a contingent of the Joint Security Service, who operated their own base nearby.
The bus took us to the NAU air base where we underwent a strenuous boot camp along with hundreds of regular military servicewomen. Like in Yellowknife, intimate relationships sprung up between the regular military conscripts who were all female and the Red Hawks recruits. Except here, many of the women viewed pregnancy as the only way out of the conscription policy. I spent much of my free time socializing but I couldn’t bring myself to take advantage of my position, even after a month. To say that I became a bit of an eccentric to my peers is an understatement. I began to feel the pressure to take advantage of my position both from my superiors and the other recruits. 
I remember a particularly awkward meeting with the Health and Safety Officer who told me it wasn’t “mandatory” that I engage in sexual relations during training, but it was “encouraged” given the “preservation of the species” and that if I didn’t do so I would be required to undergo a psychiatric assessment. Before long people were calling me the “Panda” and I was the joke around the base. People didn’t hesitate to spread all kinds of vicious rumours about me. 
One night I got incredibly drunk. After being at the receiving end of abuse over my failure to copulate, I ended up kissing a petite blond. Thankfully after that night I was free of ridicule, although my conscience dragged me into a vicious depression. I kept in touch with Ariana when I could, although cell phones and other mobile devices were banned while in training. It was strange being cut off from the world. It felt almost like we had shifted back to another age. 
After two months of Basic training I had learned how to use an automatic rifle and ten other weapons. I was trained in hand to hand and knife combat. Although I had been in good shape heading into the camp, by the end of it I could run ten kilometres without breaking a sweat. I found the movements of hand to hand and knife combat intuitive and ended up at the top of my class. 
And then, on graduation day, I stood on a stage in the main auditorium, where we had received our orientation, with a small blue line on my green uniform indicating the rank of private, the NAU symbol emblazoned on the shoulder. I couldn’t help but smile in the yellow light which fell from the rafters. Below me sat the officers who had played a part in the training as well as other visitors from other units who knew the conscripts. The night ended with a loud party in the conscripts’ mess hall, men and women drinking their fill of vodka and other spirits. I ended up getting into a particularly bad group of Red Hawk recruits who ended up so drunk they vandalized some military equipment.
The next day we said good-bye to the female conscripts. We were in good spirits as we loaded our packs into another bus, smiling and joking about the party the night before. Over the next few hours, as the bus wound away from Fort McMurray and I sat watching the landscape pass by, my conscience gradually dissolved my pleasant mood into a soup of self-loathing. There was a computer located in the back of the seat in front of me, but I couldn’t muster the courage to contact Ariana after my betrayal. Instead, I sat in silence.
The rest of the recruits began to quiet after we left the Fort McMurray city limits. Finally, as silence filled the cabin, one of them, a Private Kendry, I believe, shouted at the driver, asking where “the Hell” the bus was going. The bus driver didn’t say a word. No one spoke for much of the next few hours, preferring instead to sleep because of their hangovers. The bus turned south, driving straight into the red heat. After a few hours driving south it turned west toward the Rocky Mountains. By this time the sun was beginning to set and the bus’s high powered air conditioning system began to struggle a little less with the strain of keeping the vehicle at room temperature. Outside, I watched the red sun set, the wind blowing sandy earth, tall dead grasses catching on the skeletons of old dead trees. An hour later, I fell asleep against the window, the blue tinted glass turning black in the darkness. 




Chapter 2




I remember waking just as the bus drove past a large faded sign that read, “Jasper National Park” in yellow lettering. On either side of the bus were the stolid black shapes of dead fern trees. Most of the men were still sleeping by this time, but as the bus bounded up and down through pot holes and over undulations in the road they began to awake one by one. After a few minutes, we were all sitting in silence watching as the bus wound through trees and down an incline, brushing close to the edge of a rock face. This road led down in between two large mountains, through a pass. The rock walls on either side of the bus showed lines of sedimentary rock of different colours and textures. As the bus left the pass, it wound down into a narrow valley filled with living fern trees, with a blanket of grey cloud obscuring the sky. 
The bus disappeared into the mist which covered the windows, making us feel as if we were driving through clouds. The bus driver didn’t slow down even though to us it seemed as if he had no visibility. After a few minutes the mist began to fade above us, as the bus followed the valley floor. Finally, before us, a narrow valley spread between snow covered peaks. Ahead of us, in the distance was a large squat building, surrounded by walls. As we approached, the spreading trees revealed some kind of military compound, built into the rock.
By this time, men were standing in the walkway, straining to see through the front windows of the bus. No one was speaking but I could tell that no one expected something like this. I tried not to feel apprehensive, looking at the foreboding shape of the building isolated by the heat of the region and yet somehow of high enough altitude to preserve snow on the nearby peaks. The bus slowed as it approached a large open gate, soldiers wearing blue NAU military uniforms standing nearby holding assault rifles. At the gate, the bus stopped for a half a minute as the bus driver spoke with the sentry. The soldiers then moved to either side of the bus, waving us on.
The driver drove the bus down a ramp into an underground parking lot beneath the compound. He drove us next to one of the exits and parked the bus. The lot was full of military vehicles and the odd civilian car with military plates. As the bus came to a stop, the men started cheering loudly, banging their feet against the ground and their fists against the seats. A woman came out of a door next to the exit and stood beneath an electric clock, holding a clipboard in front of her. She was wearing a blue JSS uniform that was fitted close to her body with a Red Hawk pin on the collar. Her hair was jet black, tied in a pony-tail behind her. The men all started talking about her, hooting and hollering, like she was their next lay. I stood next to my seat and watched her movements silently, which were careful and precise. I guessed she was a superior officer.
The bus door opened and the men poured outside shouting and joking around. We formed a small group around the woman, waiting as the bus driver opened the luggage doors. She didn’t say a word, simply glancing at her clipboard and then at us. Her face had a serene look to it, clear of any emotion, and her manner had a rigidness to it. The men around me didn’t seem to notice. After a minute or so someone made a rude comment toward her – I think it was Private Kendry. She looked up at us without changing her expression. 
She said: “You all have a chance with me.”
The men erupted in laughter, although she didn’t seem to be smiling. Unlike the rest of them, I remember feeling uncertain and slightly suspicious. It didn’t seem to fit that a superior officer would display such a lack of judgment, especially given the rough treatment we’d received in Basic training. As my eyes rested on her, she turned to me, her gaze fixed on mine. 
“From now on you are Number 1. The rest of you will have to wait to find out your numbers. From this point on you will not use your given names. You will call each other by your number. You will think about yourself by your number. If you use your given name or call any other by their given name you will be punished. From now on you are no longer people. You are numbers.”
She looked down at her clipboard and her hand flourished, crafting a checkmark next to a point on the page. The men had begun to laugh this off, but her expression remained empty and serene. She looked up at us and did not say a word, simply gazing at those who kept laughing stupidly long after most had felt the chill of her eyes.
We unloaded the bus of our packs and stood in a line in front of her, falling into rank as we’d been taught in Basic. The bus drove away behind us, its engines rumbling as it disappeared back up the ramp into the darkness above. I stood at the front of the line, my eyes on hers. I tried not to betray the anxiety I felt in my gut, keeping my facial expression taut. The woman let her eyes fan the line, watching the expressions of the men. We waited in silence for a couple of minutes without anyone speaking. 
Finally, Private Kendry shouted: “What are we waiting for sunrise?”
The men laughed. The woman’s gaze found Private Kendry down the line. She looked down at her clip board and spoke. “How many are you, Number 1?”
I looked back at the line, thinking, calculating. When I was finished, I said: “We are twenty-seven, Sir.”
The woman wrote the number down on her clipboard. She looked at Kendry. “You are now Number 27. You will not speak unless spoken to.”
When she had finished speaking, she began to gaze at us again, her eyes moving down the line. Kendry made a rude comment under his breath and sat down on the concrete floor. The woman didn’t say a word to him. We stood silently for five minutes without anyone speaking. 
As the seconds passed, I started to think this was some sort of test. I held my tongue as the minutes dragged on. About twenty minutes later, I heard someone exhale irritably. The woman looked up and glanced at the person who’d exhaled. 
She said: “You are Number 26.”
The man she’d spoken to had a shocked look on his face. He tried to retain his composure but instead blushed awkwardly. He stood proudly, trying not to look the way he obviously felt. Taking a sideward glance at Kendry seated on the floor, his eyes rested on the woman tentatively, and then, he sat down.
We waited a long two hours before she spoke again. The minutes passed slowly at first, as I watched the clock above the door, I tried to pass the time by carefully shifting my weight back and forth from my left to my right foot, to keep them from falling asleep. The more time passed the more irritable I became. This woman was wasting our time and forcing us maliciously to do something that was totally ridiculous. I couldn’t imagine for what reason she was forcing us to stand all night in a parking garage. The men around me were obviously struggling to maintain their composure, their breathing, and their posture without speaking. As we neared two hours, it became increasingly clear that we weren’t going to be leaving any time soon. After that, the anger faded and I even began to lose track of the time. I fell into a meditative state, my eyes fixed in front of me, my thoughts blank and serene. It became much easier afterwards.
And then, after two hours, I noted the time on the clock, the woman placed the clipboard against her side and began to walk down the line of men, staring at our faces. She walked to the end of the line and then back again. When she had finished, she stood at the front of the line again and looked down at her clipboard. She wrote something on the page. Her gaze returned to the line. She began to walk down the line a second time, only this time she stopped in front of one of the men. His face had the look of strain and exhaustion. 
She said: “You are Number 25.”
She kept walking down the line. From that point on every man she called out by number sat down immediately on the concrete floor. Some of the men had begun to figure out the test and tried hard to stand tall and proud without showing signs of strain, but the rest fell quickly into her ranking system. By the time she had made her way to the end of the line, we were down to number fifteen. She returned to her position near the door and we settled back in for another long wait.
By this time, I was starting to see the absurdity of the situation. We were all competing in a test without any idea what we were competing for. As the time stretched on, I began to wonder if the whole thing was one big joke, designed to make us feel stupid and foolish. These kind of thoughts remained beneath the surface as my mind ruminated about the situation. But in time, as it had before, I fell into a kind of trance, and the time passed more quickly.
I was amazed to look at the clock and find that three more hours had passed. I was more amazed when I realized that Kendry had managed to go so long without speaking. It was then that I heard him snoring, prostrate on the concrete floor. The rest of the men were taking the test seriously. Halfway down the line, one of the men was finding it difficult to keep proper posture. His shoulders seemed slumped under the strain of standing in one place for so long. She called out number fifteen. 
At this point, it was clear that many of the men decided that whatever the ranking system meant, it couldn’t be worth the trouble of standing in a parking lot all night. Ten men caved in quick succession. The first simply lifted his hand. When she asked what it was that the man needed, he told her that he needed to use the washroom. She called out number fourteen. Nine men raised their hands and asked also to use the washroom, although it was unclear if that was true or they simply wanted to end the cruel experiment.
By this time some of the men who had been ranked were getting angry at those holdouts who felt their pride good enough reason to keep the rest standing pointlessly for hours. I couldn’t help watching the woman, whose expression never changed. After over five hours she still stood stolidly, in the same posture, without changing her expression from one of blank serenity. 
The next three took an additional hour. By the end of that hour, I was struggling to remain upright, my shoulders slumping, but I knew that my number had already been called. The three then raised their hands one after the other because of the need to use the washroom. By this time it was clear that the first man who had raised his hand had urinated all over himself. By the time the last of the three raised his hands another four of the men had also urinated on themselves. With five men stinking of urine, the last two men remained stolid, expressionless, intent on claiming the rank of number two.
I recognized both of them. One of them had been given a preliminary rank of commander – the highest in our group - during the war simulations we had performed in Basic training. The other was his closest friend, the winner of our group’s sharp shooting contest. Both were solid soldiers and first rate men. I knew we were going to be waiting for a while. I tried my best to keep myself upright and expressionless, but it was difficult, especially knowing that my rank had already been decided.
We ended up waiting another two and a half hours before someone gave in. By this time the whole group had urinated on themselves, including me. The smell of urine seemed suspended in the still air of the parking garage. Finally, the sharpshooter fell over onto the floor. 
He said: “I can’t feel my feet.”
The woman looked down at him blankly, and replied: “You are Number 3.” Looking at the last man, the Commander, she said without expression: “You are Number 2.”
She made a swift mark on her clipboard and looked up at us. With the same blank serene look, she told us to fall in. I couldn’t help noticing that her pants were not stained: she had not urinated on herself like the rest of us. I fell in behind her along with the rest of the men. We followed her to the exit, which led to a stairwell and an elevator. She bypassed the elevator and went down the dimly lit stairwell into shadow. I kept pace behind her, trying not to stumble over because my toes had fallen asleep. Behind me, I could hear some of the men falling as they walked. 
As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I followed her down a narrow hallway with concrete walls on either side. A small light up ahead provided just enough light to prevent me from walking into her or into the walls. The hallway smelled dank, of cobwebs, dust, metal bars and urine. I began to feel a deep sinking feeling in my gut. My hands were shaking and my throat ached from dehydration. I licked my lips, sending sticky saliva across them.
The illumination provided by the light at the distant end of the hallway gradually penetrated the darkness as we approached. I could hear the men behind me breathing heavily. The woman seemed unaffected, moving quickly without making a sound. At last, we stepped into the light, which revealed a small opening in the passageway, about four feet by four feet. As soon as I entered the opening, the woman stopped and turned around. She shouted behind me.
“Stay outside the light!”
I froze. 
She nodded to herself as the line of men came to a stop behind me. Then, she stepped backward a few steps. I noticed above me a small camera attached to a series of tracks along the walls and ceiling. Instantly, it flew into action, moving up and down along the walls, back and forth, over and under, pivoting and changing angle on the end of a long robotic arm. As it moved, I could hear a soft clicking sound, which I took to mean it was taking photographs. It seemed to be focussing on my face. After a minute or so, the camera reversed back up onto the ceiling and fell silent. As soon as it did, the woman gestured for me to move forward, and the next man took my place. This went on for about a half hour, as we moved slowly forward one by one, into the darkness ahead, to wait, slumped against the wall, for the rest of our unit.
Finally, the woman called us forward again, and we moved through the darkness toward a second light. As we reached the light, I stopped again because the woman had stopped. 
Without turning around, she said: “Number 1.”
“Yes, Sir?”
“This is your room,” she gestured to her right. 
To her right was an open door. I stepped beside the woman and looked into the room. It was little more than a jail cell. The interior was pitch black. There were no windows. Through the dim light of the hallway, I could see a slab of concrete on the left side of the cell. Other than this slab, that I guessed was a bed, the only other object in the tiny, seven foot by seven foot cell was a hole in the corner that I guessed was the toilet. 
I tried not to speak as my mind desperately tried to rationalize my expectations with this reality. I couldn’t help staring at her as if she were a madman I had encountered on the street naked in the middle of a snow storm. As my mind attempted to come to terms with this deprivation, deep inside me I could feel my anxiety replaced with cold fear. I didn’t say a word to her for over a minute. 
Finally, when my lips had begun to work again, I managed to say: “Yes, Sir.”
I reluctantly stepped into the cell, turning around to look out at her. 
She had turned toward me but her expression had not changed. As she pulled the heavy steel door shut in front of me, she said: “Your relatives have been notified of your death.”
The door slammed shut in front of me, the shearing sound of steel on steel echoing through the building’s superstructure. I stood in the darkness, bereft of words, my mind spinning, thoughts tumbling out of control. I quickly became filled with a desperate panic, an anxiety that overpowered my mind, causing me to bang my fists against the steel door with abandon. After a few minutes of pointless hammering, I slumped down against the door in the dark, letting exhaustion overpower me. I fell asleep like that, quietly, sitting in my own urine.
I don’t know how long I slept because when I awoke it was still pitch black in my cell. I guessed it had been at least a few hours because I was not as exhausted as I had been and the urine against my body had dried. I could still smell it wafting up from my uniform but it no longer felt wet. I stood up in the darkness, groping for the walls so that I could feel my way around the pitch black cell. I felt my way from the door to the toilet then over to the bed and back around to the door. I felt for the ceiling around the top of the cell and then the floor, searching for something I could use, perhaps a small hole or piece of metal or something. The inside of the cell was solid concrete, without blemish or imperfection. The door was solid and flat with small rivets around the outside. My inspection revealed nothing useful and only helped to further frustrate me. I sat down on the bed turning inward to my thoughts.
I struggled to find an explanation for the prison cell. The initial meeting with the instructor - or whoever she was - made sense in a twisted sort of way. By testing the endurance of the men, she could ascertain their relative position. But all that didn’t fit with the way that I had been selected first, without any kind of distinction. I searched my recollection, trying to make some sense of the event. In my mind, I could see the men standing around the instructor, making asses of themselves. I could remember Kendry making a stupid comment. Inside, I was feeling suspicious of the woman, her oddly blank expression and rigid posture. Thinking back, I may have been the only one of the men not laughing or joking around. Perhaps that was the reason she chose me – because I was taking things seriously. It was an explanation but an unsatisfying one. The reality was that I did not even know the purpose of the ranking. If this jail cell was a measure of my rank then who knows what the other ranks received; perhaps being rank number one meant that I received the harshest treatment. 
I let my thoughts unfold, flowing along the grains of reason, down the many pathways of my consciousness, searching and then scattering into empty and vain thoughts, about the girl at Basic, my uniform smelling of urine, of Ariana and home. After a good half hour my thoughts had separated and spun into further and further irrelevancy, like strands of a cobweb struck by the wind. Finally, my mind settled on the absence of sound, the quietness of the tiny cell. I leaned back against the wall, letting my mind rest, empty for the first time in weeks. I stayed like that for a long time; the hours passing in succession without remark. I didn’t quite focus on anything; I simply remained resting vacantly against the cold concrete. 
The hours passed and my calmness gave way to exhaustion. I laid down on the concrete, pulling off the top of my uniform and using it as a pillow. My eyes closed, and I fell quickly into a deep sleep. It was many hours before I woke, although I cannot be sure how long. When I did wake, the silence stretched on. I didn’t bother sitting up in my cell. My stomach had awoken me with its rumbling, reminding me that I had not eaten since Fort McMurray. My lips were dry and cracking, my tongue anxiously anticipating my next gulp of water. But no one came to give me relief, no water and no food. I laid against that stone for hours, thinking of nothing except the abundant food on the base. The hours seemed to flow slowly at first, as my mind remembered meals long since passed. Before long my mind fell back into sleep, captured by a memory of Ariana, sitting on a park bench overlooking Great Slave Lake, with a red rose in her hand. 
I awoke again in silence. My back was hurting from sleeping on the hard concrete bed. I stood up, rubbing my back with my right hand, trying to soothe the irritation. I guessed that I had been in the cell for at least fifteen hours. I had not seen a sign of anyone or anything. I needed to use the toilet, so I awkwardly used the small hole, listening to the sound of splashing at the bottom, which I guessed was about ten feet down. I let my urine flow forward into the cell, unable to aim with any accuracy. I listened as the urine hit the metal door, splashing down into the corner.
When I was finished, I felt my way back to the door. My fingers followed the steel frame again, along its rivets, corners and edges. I put my ear to the door and heard nothing. I walked back to the stone bed and knelt down, hammering my fist on the wall, and then listening with my ear pressed against it. Once again, I heard nothing. I sat down on the bed a second time, letting my head fall into my hands. 
I hadn’t taken the woman seriously when she had said that my family had been notified of my death. But sitting alone in that cell for fifteen hours spurred my thoughts in a new and insidious direction. I wondered if perhaps the Red Hawks were simply a front. Perhaps I had never been in contention for a position; perhaps this was some sort of punishment. I tried not to imagine Ariana making love to another man, my parents standing over an empty grave, looking down at an empty coffin. 
I laid down on the concrete slab that was my bed, letting my head rest on my shirt. I closed my eyes and listened. As I closed my eyes, for a split second I thought I heard a voice calling out. I leaned forward, my hands grasping at the wall to steady myself. I sat still, trying to listen, hoping I would hear another sound. I waited for a long time, sitting like that, listening. When I heard nothing, I laid back down on the slab. 
As I closed my eyes, I heard it again. It sounded like a woman’s voice, not quite speaking - more like singing. As I stood up in my cell, the voice became louder and clearer. I could not make out the tune or the words, but the tone was unmistakable. I tried to feel my way around my cell, searching for the source by putting my ear up against the wall. As time passed the voice seemed to become louder and then quieter and then louder again. The more time I listened the more confident I became that I had heard the tune before. It was familiar, although I couldn’t place it. In a way, it was beautiful. After sitting in the dark alone for fifteen hours, it was comforting to know that I was not totally alone.
I sat down on the concrete listening to the sound of her voice echoing through the stone. It ended abruptly, just as it had begun, and I was alone again in the darkness with the silence. I laid down against the stone, my lips involuntarily forming into a small smile. I felt rejuvenated by the woman’s music, in a strange way, as if I had been allowed to see the sun or the stars. My stomach still rumbled but the ache was gone, replaced by a distant and manageable hunger. My lips were cracking they were so dry, but it didn’t matter to me because I didn’t feel as alone.
I fell asleep again thinking of the woman’s beautiful voice, imagining her warm cheeks and bright eyes, the red hair parted in the middle cascading down around her thin beautiful neck. I don’t know how long I slept.
I awoke with a gasp. The room was silent as it had been when I had fallen asleep. I grabbed at my chest, which seemed to ache faintly. I sat on the edge of the concrete slab attempting to breathe, the air moist and smelling faintly of my earlier bowel movement. As my chest heaved up and down, the quiet saturated my thoughts, returning me to a vacant but calm state. I stood up, my tongue cleaving to the top of my mouth, my saliva thick like mortar. I started pacing in the dark, up against the wall, thinking of water. After a minute of aimless shuffling, I stopped. My hand on the wall, I could feel a single drop of liquid sliding down the concrete onto my fingertips. I took the fluid into my mouth and tasted it. The moisture was like ambrosia. I began to move around the cell searching with my hands for signs of moisture. And then it hit me. I stood on the concrete slab, my fingers just reaching the ceiling. As they touched the ceiling, I could feel droplets of water hanging precipitously, on the edge of falling to the floor below. I gently ran my hands along the concrete, forming the fluid into a pool against my palm. 
I brought the liquid down to my lips slowly, keeping it from sliding down to the ground. As I drank, I tried to savour it but my mouth wouldn’t cooperate. I shoved it into my mouth, licking the palm of my hand vigorously, swallowing the water immediately. 
Over the next few hours, I sometimes awkwardly worked my way around the room, checking every surface for the signs of condensation. At the end of it, I was exhausted by the effort of half climbing up a sheer face of concrete. The water sometimes tasted of rust and iron, but was always pleasant to my tongue. Sated in a fleeting sort of way, I sat down on the concrete, staring off into the black.
I guessed that I had been in the room for a full twenty-four hours by this time, sitting absently, doing nothing. I had begun to question my sanity as the woman’s voice taunted my ears every so often, the sound ethereal and not quite real. I had read somewhere that solitary confinement often led to psychosis. Listening to that voice in this strange place seemed to challenge my own belief that I was actually hearing what I thought I was hearing. 
I couldn’t help thinking about how surreal it was living in the world as it was now. I was old enough to remember what the world was like before the disease, before the never ending heat. I remembered a society that prided itself on individual choice and freedom. It was a society of idealism - a golden age. Looking back upon what I remembered from my childhood gave me a strange discomforting perspective on the current order of things. I didn’t know much about what being a eighteen year old was like before, but I had watched the movies of that era. I understood that the sexual mores of our civilization were somewhat more extreme than they had been. At least, this is what I thought. I wasn’t sure if I perhaps I would always have been an odd sort, desiring to be with one person instead of many. I did not feel strange although I admit that I could understand the perspective of others. 
It wasn’t that I was a prude by any means or that I looked back upon my early religious instruction with attachment. I couldn’t explain the idiosyncrasy particularly well, only that now, even after my experiences at Basic, the feeling remained. It wasn’t that I didn’t enjoy kissing the blond whose name escapees me. It was that all the while, I couldn’t stop thinking about Ariana. If it was some odd peculiarity of my biology that led me to be so particular, then it was not something that I shared with too many others. I had never met another unafflicted who was monogamous. This again, might be some kind of peculiarity of biology, given that the disease seemed to afflict the conservative more than the liberal. But, I could not be sure. In any event, it wasn’t something that was negotiable. I could be taunted or ostracized by my fellow soldiers for all eternity and it wouldn’t change the internal operation of my mind, which suggested that I would never in that way be like the others.
In school, in my Civics class, I had been taught about the forefathers of our civilization. I had been taught of the early leaders of the United States. I had been taught of the leaders of Western Civilization that had led us to the peak that was our golden age, before the never ending heat. But more than that, I had been taught of the legacy of John Stuart Mill and the greatest happiness for the greatest number, his impact on our legal system and the principles by which democracy would operate. 
These principles, I was taught, lay at the core of our government’s decision to unify into a political union with the United States. This principle lay at the centre of the government’s justification for the policy of propagation. This policy was at the centre of the Democratic Socialist party’s platform of abolishing monogamy and single marriage. It was intertwined with the principles of evolution which demanded that for our civilization and our species to survive, certain old fashioned ways had to be eliminated.
I thought back to my lessons in evolutionary theory, Darwinian selection and propagation in Civics class. I remembered my teacher, Ronald Winnert, a middle aged man with an odd habit of speaking in terms of “we” and “us” when he was really just giving his opinion. I remember his lesson on this subject clearly. 
In his belief, a belief common among the Democratic Socialists, our society had been moving toward the current system long prior to the Red Summers and never ending heat. His lesson was that one only need look at the movies and television leading up to the heat in order to see the pattern taking shape. 
He would recall himself as a youngster, watching television and movies in the decades after the sexual revolution and being pleased to see the casting aside of traditional institutions and thought processes. In his mind, sex was a beautiful thing that should be shared. No one should have to accept the monotony of a single relationship for their whole life. In fact, in his suggestion, the greatest happiness meant the most sex for the greatest number of people. Such things did not naturally follow from monogamy because of the nature of human relationships and biology. People, naturally, would get bored from sex with the same person for fifty, sixty years. It was only natural that they desire to engage in relationships with other new partners. In his mind, the disease only managed to accelerate the changes in our society, not create them. 
I remember being surprised to discover that I was the only person in the class who had any reservations to such thinking. I remember the dumbfounded look of my fellow classmates when I obstinately expressed my thoughts on the subject. The end result of that discussion was a period of ridicule and laughter that I’d rather forget that ended only after a meeting with the school counsellor resulted in me being “diagnosed” as having a “developmental disorder”. After all, it isn’t good taste to make fun of someone who is retarded.
After that experience as a sophomore, I decided to keep my thoughts to myself. But even now, sitting in the prison cell that I had been given, I began to wonder if these thoughts were once again the source of my torment. 
One of the strongest of Mr. Winnert’s opinions, that I recall, was his suggestion that monogamy was a form of mental disorder that arose not from someone’s experience but from their biology. In his mind, those who were predisposed to this form of behaviour were genetically inferior and destined to fall under the axe of natural selection. It was his opinion that the disease merely acted out the judgment of natural selection on those who were too primitive to evolve. As an exercise, he had us watching old movies from the decades leading up to the disease, training the women in the room to look for the signs of monogamy in the characters so that they might be better able to eliminate these individuals from gene pool.
Mr. Winnert optimistically declared that as one moved from the sixties to the never ending heat one could see that those displaying the traits of monogamy seemed less and less obvious within the movies we watched. In his opinion, this was not because the monogamous had disappeared from our society, as they had after the disease, but because the filmmakers were ahead of the curve and were purposely filling their films with those who represented the best that humanity had to offer.
Mr. Winnert always did his best to make it clear that he was not a lone wolf crying in the wilderness. He would cite historical greats such as George Bernard Shaw for the suggestion that women naturally would seek to enhance the gene pool through their unconscious decisions. He cited the opinions of scientific men like Francis Crick, who discovered DNA, and William Shockley, who invented the transistor. Mr. Winnert was always open to discussion, but he always made it clear, citing the evidence, that any objections were simply ignorance and backwardness, the trappings of a way of life that natural selection had already prejudged. I remember quite uselessly pointing out that monogamy was a behaviour practiced by other animals in the animal kingdom, something I had arrived at through my readings in biology class. Mr. Winnert simply smiled and suggested that those species were destined for extinction just as ours was if we held to an extinct way of life. 
I had given up on any ideological underpinnings for my position after my experiences in Civics class. The reality was that there was no point in justifying it when it was something that was made impossible by the current age. I was content with Ariana and that was good enough for me. So long as I didn’t talk about it, I was free to live as I wanted. My father had always been more open to these sorts of things than others, probably because he was older and unafflicted. There were very few like him to give my opinion voice in the politics of the age. And my father was not interested in politics. 
I leaned back against the concrete wall, rubbing my eyes, sending crusty sleep onto the floor. I listened in silence for a long time, hoping I would hear the woman singing once again. Instead, the sound of steel tearing at steel greeted me. I jumped up and shuffled toward the door as a single blinding square of light struck my face. 
I cried out without thought. “Help!”
The blinding light vanished as quickly as it appeared. I struggled as my eyes readjusted to the darkness. As I let my hands fall from my face, I reached forward, finding a ledge sticking out from the door. With the edges of my fingers, I felt the contours of a round steel shape. Then, my fingers touched liquid. I recoiled. Leaning forward, I took a deep breath, breathing in through my nose. It smelled like chicken broth. 
I leaned forward and felt the edges of the bowl, picking it up gingerly. I tasted the liquid tentatively, finding it was as it appeared to be. I drank deeply, filling my mouth with the warmth of the broth. The bowl was emptied in a matter of seconds, and I was sitting again on the concrete slab, holding the empty bowl in my hands, licking its surface ravenously. When I was finished, I tossed the bowl at the wall, and it made a loud sound before settling on the floor. Sitting again, in silence, my mind filled with questions. 
At least they had not forgotten me, I thought. This was either some sort of test or some sort of punishment. I could only guess what the purpose was. I was alone with only my thoughts to keep me company. I let my head fall into my hands. I wondered if all was well with Ariana. I wondered if she had gotten into Northwest University as she had planned. I wondered if she was meeting new people, friends and boyfriends, now that she was free from her brooding mother. I wondered if the rest of the world had forgotten about the men selected to join the Red Hawks. I fell back against the concrete slab, my head resting against its rough surface. I let my eyes close, trying to fall asleep. 
As I’d gotten older, I’d found it increasingly difficult to keep my relationship with Ariana private. The Democratic Socialist party had begun to move for greater legal recognition of polygamous relationships. The party line was that the government policy of propagation required legal protection and privileges for those who sacrificed monogamy for the greater good. 
The public debate had shifted such that those who practiced monogamy were seen as selfish and parasitic. The greater fecundity of the polygamous union led to it being seen as an object of public pride. In time, this led to the parading of highly productive families through public events. During election time, the debate was saturated with discussions about halting the rising toll associated with the disease and the never ending heat. Gone were the days in which politics was consumed by the conflict with the United States and what was to be done about the refugees.  
Before I’d interviewed with the armed forces prior to being called up, I’d watched a particularly gruesome video on the internet about a man caught practicing monogamy. He’d been beaten so badly that his face was bloodied beyond recognition. The Asian news anchor who had drawn my attention to the video had optimistically commented at the conclusion of the video that despite his sad story there were probably still many suitors out there looking for a partner like him. After that, I’d decided to keep my relationship with Ariana to myself.
Civics class had also taught me another lesson about the new order. Although I had long given up the thoughts of religion to the golden days of my childhood, there was still a part of me that viewed faith as something positive. Civics class and Mr. Winnert in particular had finally and irretrievably adjusted me to the current worldview. Mr. Winnert, it appeared, had always been an atheist and had always viewed the religious as dangerously deluded. He maintained, with some conviction, that he had always felt - like many modern people - that religion was a dangerous disorder that had led to great suffering. He took it as a triumph of the evolutionary worldview that the religious were those worst hit by the disease. 
I remember just a single lesson on the fading of the religious worldview from public life. It consisted of us being told that religion was the last vestige of the monogamous lifestyle – a disadvantageous artefact of a species of man that had gone extinct. He mentioned the word “secular” to describe the golden age of man prior to the never ending heat. It was a word I had never heard before. Out of curiosity, I had looked up the word and found it linked to a philosophy prevalent before the disease to describe the separateness of government from any religious influences. I thought to myself that it was only natural that such an idea would fall by the wayside after the virtual extinction of the religious way of life. But part of me wondered at such a concept, thinking it quite wonderful, wishing perhaps that I had lived during that era.
I remember clearly Mr. Winnert’s final words on this subject. He said: “the evolutionary worldview is man’s only path to salvation. It is a path that requires the adoption of man’s most advanced technology for the transformation of our species – to free us from the bounds of our mortality and the limits of our intellect.” 
Mr. Winnert had a large following at the high school. I had always struggled with understanding how a man with so little compassion could have so many followers. I had other friends from other schools who told me that their Civics class had consisted of learning the rote statistics about the disastrous years of the Red Summers, the never ending heat and the disease. To them Civics was a class of bare facts and history. For us, it was a constant lecture. I had heard that sometime after graduation, Mr. Winnert had quit his job, deciding to join the Democratic Socialist party as a candidate running as a member of parliament. I had remarked to my father that I’d wished he’d quit a year earlier because then I would have been spared his lunacy.
But if I had one thing to thank Mr. Winnert for, it was the knowledge that what had once been said in private among welcome ears had become part of the political discussion. It revealed to me the need for caution among others whose beliefs were different from mine. My father had said the same thing to me before I’d left for Basic. He’d reminded me that men like Mr. Winnert were no longer the exception, they were the rule. 
I wondered if there was someone from Basic who would pass on the stories of my adultery to someone who Ariana knew. I worried that the information might trickle its way through acquaintances, the internet and into her ears. Ariana had always expected me to wander at some point. She’d known that Basic would be difficult for me, given the temptation. But out of some romantic pretension, I had assured her that there was no one but her. I think perhaps she doubted me to some degree or another. I had never been tempted before largely because I was a bit of a loner. That isn’t to say that I didn’t get a lot of attention at school; early on I did. But I handled it differently than a lot of other people. Events like Civics class went a long way toward encouraging people to put me in a different class than the other unafflicted. After I’d learned to keep my thoughts to myself, I became invisible for the most part. Free from attention that I didn’t want, I was able to spend my time with Ariana.
My shirt was rolled up into a ball, so I tossed it up into the air above me. I caught it in my hands and then tossed it up again. Lying against the concrete, I passed the time by playing catch. The minutes turned into hours as I languished in boredom. Finally, after a few hours, I fell asleep again, the rolled up shirt up against my chest. 
I awoke in the dark with saliva pooling against my cheek and running down my chin onto my neck. I stood up, wiping the saliva off with the end of my sleeve. I spent the next quarter hour checking the familiar crevices of the room for more moisture, which I collected in my bowl for later consumption. When I was finished, I decided to get some exercise to pass the time. I did a hundred push-ups and sit-ups. I paced back and forth inside my cell, stretching against the wall every so often. Feeling winded, I sat down against the concrete and drank deeply the few disparate drops of fluid. 
I pulled out my shirt and checked the pockets, finding only lint and a bent paper clip. I stowed the paper clip in my pants pocket beside some change and a credit card, all that I had taken from my bag before boarding the bus; I had been under the delusion that we would be stopping for lunch. I sat down on the concrete, pulling out these items and handling them carefully. 
It was a strange place for a military academy, I thought. We had driven for at least five hours south before we had turned west. There was no doubt that we were near Jasper, Alberta. I recognized the landscape and the sign didn’t lie. I had visited Jasper with my parents before, as a youngster. They had wanted to show me the mountain peaks, marked as they were by snow, which I would never have seen ordinarily. I had stood in a creek with my pants rolled up above my knees, a big smile on my face, while my mother had taken a picture. My father had put that picture on the mantel beside the fireplace, next to his favourite River Trout. I remembered the trip to Jasper fondly, abandoned as it was of any kind of normal civilization. There were still a few hangers-on living nearby, destitute or running a small gas station or shop.
The military facility was something new, I guessed. It had the foreboding look of modern architecture, but it was built for a purpose. There was nothing beautiful or interesting about its stolid shape, standing out as it was against the peaks and trees. I guessed that it was operated by the Joint Security Service, a kind of special training centre for the elite. I didn’t really expect to be carted off to a secret mountain base. It reminded me of something out of a novel I had read as a child or a movie I had watched. There was something odd about the facility, something almost surreal. It wasn’t just that I’d spent over a day locked in a dungeon in the bottom of the thing; it was its position – its appearance.
But like many of my experiences since the never ending heat began, life had become a bit surreal. I had become accustomed to things being very different than my expectations. Basic had been a bit looser than I expected – less discipline and a bit more fun. This base was the kind of thing that a teenager might dream about being a part of. I expected that my peers would have been excited to see it rising in the distance, had they not been asleep. But I was more cautious, a state of mind brought about by my peculiarity more than anything. I had seen its rising shape as foreboding of what was to come. 
Since I had seen the news and that terrorist attack, I had begun to chaff at the rising tide of ideology becoming commonplace among those who called themselves Democratic Socialists. The place had the look of oppression, rising in the distance, and now, stuck in the depths of the building, waiting to be let out, it stunk of fascism. I was no longer sure that being a Red Hawk was something desirable. A search that had begun when I was a sophomore, listening to Mr. Winnert’s rants, had begun anew. It was the search for an option.
Living in a society in which the problem is obvious and clear to everyone and where everyone agrees on the solution is a society without choice. After the never ending heat began, after the disease, the problem had always been clear. I had often wondered if there weren’t other people who felt like I felt, who wanted what I wanted. These questions were answered each and every day with a clear and definite no. I found no one to share my thoughts with apart from Ariana. I found no one to discuss the ideas that were forming in the depths of my mind. After a while, I had forgotten this place in my mind, where these ideas churned and grew. I had given up on finding any kind of alternative – any option. 
It was by virtue of the sheer unanimity of the common opinion that I was silenced. In a society where the government’s policy is built upon the ideas of science, there is no alternative viewpoint to adopt. The alternative to these ideas is ignorance at best or at worst stupidity. With the adoption of policies driven by logic tinged in evolutionary thought, the political discussion becomes increasingly predictable. The government becomes not the source of policy but its recipient. It is no longer able to draw out the creativity and innovation within the public’s imagination, it is required to simply follow and draw upon the lines of reason. Men like Mr. Winnert were very clear about their objectives. They viewed themselves very much like ancient prophets, committed to propounding the unquestionable truth of the universe, committed to forcing us to accept their position: that man must evolve.
Once the problem was clear, the political debate had moved on to the solution. In this, as of yet, there was no unanimity. When I had climbed up onto that bus to Basic, the political discussion was getting increasingly fixated on the best way to ensure that the human race survived the never ending heat and the disease. I wasn’t much for politics, but on this point, I was happy that people were still talking. I wasn’t always happy with what I heard, but I was happy at a minimum that people were still talking. 
In this building, situated at the roots of the great mountain peaks of the Rockies, I felt that the discussion was over. I was beginning to see that the Red Hawks were as much a political organization as they were a military force. I didn’t need to be told that an organization that would imprison its Acolytes in a concrete jail, without committing any crime, was an organization that had forgotten the principles of our constitution. The Red Hawks were no longer an amorphous group to me; they were no longer faceless. I knew now what it was that I was a part of; I knew now that I would never again be free.
I laid down on the concrete slab again, putting the paper clip and other items back into my pockets. I put the shirt under my head. Mercifully, I fell asleep again, my mind unwinding, choked by apprehension and my imagination.






Chapter 3




I awoke to the sound of metal shearing against metal. I stood up quickly, covering my eyes with my hand as I moved toward the door. The light vanished as quickly as it appeared, leaving me with another steel dish filled with chicken broth. I lifted it carefully to my lips, drinking it quickly, letting the warm fluid fill my stomach, comforting me in my hunger. When I was finished, I sat down on the concrete bed, marvelling that my aching hunger had not seemed so distressing to me as it had a day earlier. The monotony of the place seemed to be becoming less of a strain on me. I felt almost as if I was accustomed to it. I supposed that perhaps a man might become accustomed to anything if he was required to. The darkness no longer bothered me; I had such a clear mental picture of the dimensions of my prison that the darkness was no longer a burden. I could stand and immediately find the wall from where I stood, in any direction. The cell had become a part of me.
My stomach, which had groaned loudly at being bereft of its three daily meals at first, no longer troubled me. I could still feel the aching of hunger, but it was a dull ache, distant from my thoughts and recollections. My mind was as active as ever, unfolding in thoughts that I had not considered before, entrapped as I was by the daily patterns and routines of my life. The sleep that had come so naturally to me by this point, freeing from my prison, no longer seemed important. I was content to sit in the darkness, pondering many of the questions that had arisen since I had been imprisoned.
Part of me continued to look for that option – to look for an alternative to the generally accepted worldview and the policies of the Democratic Socialists. I thought long and hard about the policy of propagation and realized that it was but the most tame of all the possible options. The advances of the pharmaceutical companies had alleviated some of the most pernicious effects of the disease. The drugs designed to treat the psychological aspects of the disease that were now commonplace had changed many lives for the better. I could hardly challenge the reality that the scientific worldview had done mankind a great service. Only in my least lucid moments could I even conceive of a world in which the scientific did not govern many aspects of public policy. Even the idea that there might yet be a cure to the disease was something that I couldn’t discount. 
There was no doubt that the demographic disaster of the disease was a huge problem. The megacities of the North American Union would not operate without the millions of Afflicted. If someone didn’t discover a way to halt the degenerative effects of the disease, everything might break down. It wasn’t a question of if – it was a question of when. People had been dying for years. But in that time there were still many millions of Afflicted holding on to life and many more that were older that had barely shown signs of the disease. The end result of the disease would be that only the old would be left. It would become increasingly necessary to keep people alive as long as possible because of the difficulties of replacing them. 
As the Afflicted had started to die, the labour force had become quickly rejuvenated by the granting of immigrant status to millions of Mexican and American refugees. But the camps had started to shrink in size and number. Soon enough these groups would be integrated and the resulting labour shortage would be disastrous.
The policy of propagation might produce enough population growth to offset some of the effects of the labour shortage. As a policy, it was moderately benign. What worried me more than anything else were some of the more extreme ideas brought up by men like Mr. Winnert. 
I recall on one of his particularly vitriolic days, his suggestion that the human race itself was doomed to extinction because of the weaknesses of its frail biology. He was a follower of a man named Tom Yuheile, an author and public speaker who had made a name for himself suggesting that the government use the Afflicted for genetic experiments to enhance the human race. Mr. Yuheile was a bit of a charlatan nobody took seriously, but he had a small following among the most extreme Democratic Socialists. 
To Yuheile, the Afflicted were no longer human beings. He claimed that the effects of the disease had so altered their brain functions that they no longer possessed the higher level thinking characteristic of advanced human beings. He suggested that a clear distinction should be made by policy makers between the Afflicted and unafflicted on the basis that they no longer deserved the benefits of the welfare state. To him, resources were wasted on giving the Afflicted expensive medications, which only alleviated their personality deficits, without freeing them from their natural infirmity, and which had no impact on their shorter life span. These resources could be better used on developing new technologies to enhance the human race, whether biotechnology or advanced nanotechnology.
Yuheile was part of a movement called the Neo-Futurists. They believed that the next step in man’s evolution required the use of advanced Nano and biotechnology to engineer more advanced bodies, which would enhance humanity’s higher brain functions while at the same time limiting his biological requirements. Yuheile didn’t care whether that meant abandoning carbon based life in favour of mechanical bodies or using our knowledge of the genetic code to engineer life at the most basic level.
Men like Yuheile did not need to have followers to have an impact. The advancement of genetic engineering made sure of that. After the creation of the first artificial biological life form, a simple bacteria with DNA synthesized in a lab, the science of genetic engineering exploded. The disease had hit at the beginning of the genetic engineering revolution, which was only now reaching maturity. 
The first synthesized mammal was a small dog that was designed to look like no other breed. I remember seeing its odd pitch black coat and bright blue eyes on the internet when I was a child. It was not so much an accomplishment because it had a practical use; it was an accomplishment because it was the first time that scientists had constructed the DNA of a complex organism from scratch. It required the use of technology that could sequence and construct a DNA sequence in a matter of days and weeks rather than years. 
Mr. Winnert had proudly displayed a picture of that dog on his desk. He was extremely pleased with himself as he told us that the next age of humanity had begun. He had happily used the term homo deus to describe the future race of humanity – a term he had adopted from Yuheile which means the God Man in Latin. Mr. Winnert was convinced that the next step was to find the logic underlying the genetic code of the human race, to identify the code within the code that separates sentient man from the ape. According to Mr. Winnert, borrowing heavily from Yuheile, identifying the code for creativity would result in the creation of beings capable of literally engineering whole new kinds of biological machines suited better for accomplishing the tasks that we had set apart for mechanical machines.
Thinking back to Mr. Winnert’s sermons, I was struck by the reality that propagation as a solution to the problem of the disease and the never ending heat was a small price to pay if it meant avoiding the creation of whole new classes of oppressed people. For certainly, there would be no room in this great and wondrous future for the Afflicted and for those whose biology prevented them from becoming homo deus.
The advancement of the science of genetic engineering did not require men like Yuheile as apologists. Science had a way of sweeping aside all arguments for or against. It is difficult to repress knowledge and innovation. Science never asks before it arrives at a new and destructive technology. Science has a way of getting around public policy. Every advancement in science that brought such possibilities as captured the imagination of men like Winnert was an advancement that brought their future closer to fruition. It did not matter if men and women agreed with Yuheile; what mattered was whether the science existed to make it happen.
My own objections to the lifestyle being encouraged under the guise of the evolutionary best interests of mankind were really irrelevant to the problem. They were even more irrelevant to the greater and more frightening issues coming to the forefront of the public policy discussion. Looking for an option had led me not to question the policy of propagation, but to find a way to work against the ideas of men like Yuheile. If the science could not be stopped, then the government would have to find a way to channel it into productive uses, uses that would not enslave half the human race.
I wasn’t a visionary or a scientist. My grades had never risen above an A- no matter how hard I’d tried. I was unique only because for some odd reason my biology made me resistant to a disease. It was not something I could take credit for. But the Red Hawks were notorious not just because of their role in securing society - it was well known that the highest members of the matriarchy maintained close and intimate ties with their members. Being a Red Hawk meant that you had a responsibility not just to maintaining the security of the NAU; you had a responsibility to the human race. 
I had read that line in a pamphlet that I had been given by the army recruiters after they had completed my psychological assessment. It had sounded empty when I had read it, sitting on a chair outside the recruiter’s office, thinking about graduation and the week I would have with Ariana. I found it difficult to accept that I would never again have the freedom to devote myself to one woman. 
I dropped the shirt into my lap, letting my thoughts return to my predicament. It was my third day in the concrete prison and I had been given only chicken broth. The first day, I had been given nothing. I had used the little drain on the floor, causing the foul smell to intermingle with the sweat of my unwashed body. I had two steel bowls, a paperclip, and a credit card. The woman who had imprisoned me had told me that my family had been notified of my death. She had ranked the twenty-seven of us, with me as her number one and Kendry as her twenty seven. 
The ranking system was either a form of punishment or it was a reflection of something that I had, that Kendry did not. Kendry was a loudmouth. I had reacted with suspicion when the woman had spoken. Perhaps the test was nothing more than a simple test of the will. Kendry was someone who was led by his impulses. He had bedded more than anyone at Basic. He had quarrelled with every one of his superiors and half of the women he slept with. He was a man without self-control. He had no morality to speak of, nothing that had any impact on his own personal gratification. In one word, he was a troglodyte. 
Perhaps the woman was not ranking me because of my reaction; perhaps she had reviewed our files and had acted upon a preconceived judgment. It fit in my case but not in the others. If that were true, then she wouldn’t have forced us to stand in one spot for over seven hours. Perhaps it was a combination of the two. She could have reviewed our files and then filled in the blanks by simply testing our willpower. But that didn’t fit entirely. She had ranked one of the men because he showed exhaustion, another because he had to use the washroom. The second man may have simply had more to drink than the rest of us, leading him to need to use the can when the rest of us did not. 
Perhaps it wasn’t will power the woman was looking for – perhaps it was a test of our tolerances. By forcing us to wait, forcing us to stand in one spot, she could see how each of us handled the stress on our bodies and our minds. Those like Kendry and number twenty-six couldn’t control their emotions. The rest of the group couldn’t control their bodies. I thought, if there was one thing that made me different, it was my self-control. For some of the other men like Kendry monogamy isn’t an issue because they don’t possess the self-control for it to even be a choice. In a way, my choice to remain monogamous with Ariana was the result of my self-control. 
Supposing for a moment that it was indeed a test of my tolerances, for what purpose? And now, after that test was complete, why was I imprisoned without food or human contact in a concrete jail cell for three days? I tried with difficulty to rationalize my ordeal, to draw some meaning from it. I struggled with these questions for hours, letting my thoughts go over the same territory again and again. The only meaningful explanation I had to offer was the same as had greeted my initial inspection: that it was a test of my tolerances. First, she had forced us to stand in one place for hours to examine our responses. Then, she had imprisoned me for three days without food, light or human contact. I had to wonder if the room was bugged or if a video camera with infrared was fixed on me at that very minute watching my every move. I had heard that many people forced into solitary confinement began to unravel, falling into hallucinations and delusions. I had to wonder if some men were more susceptible to this type of torture than others. 
For me, it was in a way helpful that I had such a conundrum to occupy me. If I had had a less introspective mind, I might have lost it, sitting alone in the dark for so long. Whereas others might feel anxious in such a setting, for me it was simply another place. I could follow the paths of my thoughts for days and hours, until they returned to the same ground. I could examine my memories and my thoughts, give fire to my imagination. I felt bored, surely, in my prison, but I was never truly without the comforts of my mind. 
I had never heard of such a thing from any of my peers who had been selected to join the Red Hawks. From them, it was always gloating and bravado, their characteristic blend of hypermasculinity, caused by resistance to the disease, and the emotionless grin. One thing that I had always noticed about them was their lack of emotion. I had wondered if it was some kind of predisposition or whether it was training. I knew from Ariana that I shared that trait with them. She would often remark to me that she had no idea what I was thinking because my face was so cold. It was a constant source of friction – her always searching for what was inside my mind. I preferred for my thoughts to be my own. 
Inside my mind was a place of freedom, where I could follow the lines of reason to their conclusion and back again. Inside my mind, I was able to solve the problems that other people did not accept were problems. I suppose to some extent my thoughts were always wasted on irrelevancies – something my father had said to me once, dismayed by my inability to meet his scholastic expectations. But I was never much interested in school; even studying hard I found it difficult to keep my attention on the task. There was nothing interesting or exciting about rote memorization. I found the science that I was exposed to distantly oppressive, part of the grand scheme of things that I found repugnant. 
I had developed a kind of theory of things, created out of the endless meanderings of my mind. My thoughts were like strings which wound out from my consciousness, twisting and turning, sometimes criss-crossing, following a path which represented certain contingencies and presuppositions – in short a train of thought. These thoughts would always begin from some common point, arising out of their common presuppositions and contingencies, and then flow along a gradient, representing their friction, arising out of the contradictions inherent to the thought process, before gradually unravelling into a series of separate thoughts with separate conclusions. At some point, these thoughts would twist and turn back upon themselves, their contradiction revealed by the path of my mind. Once a clear contradiction had revealed itself in the curvature of the thought, twisting back upon itself, the train of thought generally was extinguished by my reason, which told me quite affirmatively that such things were nonsense. 
I had little patience for the unravelling thoughts, the ideas that scattered from some common train of thought as a result of a conflict which revealed their contradictions. Once broken into disparate ideas, these thoughts descended into frivolity and irrelevancy. I knew that it was the nascent contradictions, contained within a complex thought, which granted the scope and insight to the thoughts that I loved. Once these contradictions fragmented the thought, its complexity and insight was lost.
In the hours that I had been imprisoned, I had been freed from the interruptions of daily life, and given the time to entertain the many thoughts that had been just below the surface, struggling to work their way into my consciousness. I had known that familiar feeling, wherein a thought that I had been entertaining unconsciously, would slip above the surface, giving me some brief insight into the operation of my unconscious mind. These thoughts were often complex mixtures of my own experiences, intertwined around some idea or question that I knew to be a contradiction. I had become accustomed to finding these strands and gradually unworking them to reveal the insights buried deep within. This required a tolerance of sorts, and a willingness to disregard the darker thoughts as mere shadows of some larger idea. I had no doubt that a psychiatrist would have had a field day with the thoughts that I routinely discarded, which centered more around my experiences than the ideas contained within.
In that jail cell, it was much easier to focus on my thoughts and to identify their curvature. I was not distracted by my surroundings, by noise or light. This exercise became easier the longer I sat in the shadows, focussing in on the larger questions, such as the purpose of my incarceration, or the solution to the problem of the disease. 
I remember Ariana watching me as I sat on the edge of my bed one evening, when we were supposed to be learning calculus, as I unravelled the contradictions within a thought I had been following for weeks, centering on my memories of my father. It was a strange thought, arising from a dream, I thought, in which my father was wearing the uniform of the Red Hawks, having left my mother for a cabal of matriarchs who had chosen him as their paramour. In the dream, I remember seeing my mother crying, sitting on the deck at the back of our house, overlooking a ravine. And I remember my father coming into my room one night, while I pretended to sleep, and whispering to me: “Fortuna has chosen you.”
I had no idea what the dream meant and I was absolutely sure that the events that it depicted were absolutely fanciful. My father was not an adulterer and had frequently expressed his disdain for the new order of things. It was not that he was misogynistic, or hated female authority figures, it was that he simply was as attached as I was to the traditions of our culture. As for the reference to Fortuna, it was equally nonsensical to me. I had looked up as much as I could about Fortuna, discovering her to be the goddess of fate and chance in Roman mythology. But that alone did not answer any questions, simply opening up new avenues of inquiry. As far as I knew Fortuna was not something that the average person knew anything about. I had never heard of anyone following “Fortuna” as the Christians followed Jesus. Even in school, my English literature classes had never stepped beyond a limited review of Greek and Roman literature. We had never discussed Fortuna in any event.
I tried to imagine that the dream had some higher significance. It was certainly coincident with some deep feeling that I had, arising out of my selection by chance to survive and be resistant to the disease. Certainly, those chosen by fate to survive the disease were blessed. Perhaps Fortuna then was simply a manifestation of my feeling of being chosen by chance to survive. I knew that one way or the other I would have many offspring, either through the sperm banks or through the matriarchy. In a way, the one percent of us who would survive the disease were indeed chosen. Beyond that, I could only grasp at straws in untangling the hidden meanings and esoteric implications of my unconscious mind. There were too many unanswered questions. And I struggled to find the answers in my memories; I struggled to remember my life before the never ending heat – before the disease. 
My theory of things, as always, provided me with some insight into the questions that troubled me. I knew very well that my thoughts always worked to get ahead of my intention, such that their twisting paths pre-empted my actions. The mind has a way of always jumping ahead of itself – it is difficult to act with any plan or objective in mind without the imagination preceding the action. If one’s thoughts follow the course of one’s intention before the action is even begun, then its outcome is already preordained, either in failure or success. The mind creates for itself a reaction to what will be, and it is difficult to escape that reaction once one has begun the process of enacting that which the mind has already enacted. To put it simply, there is a kind of Fortuna in the mind of each and every person; it is a Fortuna that lives in the imagination, that knows before our actions are even completed what our reactions will be to their success and failure. We are never free from the tyranny of our own imagination – the tyranny of our own mind. 
I had tried before with marginal success to escape the purview of my own internal fate. I had gone on an adventure, in which my action always preceded my intention, in which there was no plan that Fortuna could use to entrap me. It had been an odd evening, a pointless one. With Ariana holding my hand, we wandered the streets of downtown Yellowknife, moving from bars to clubs to restaurants, striking up conversations with total strangers. There was a freedom to it, an escape if you would from the ordinary imprisonment of my daily life. After all, we all work to ensure that our experiences confirm our beliefs, even though we do it unconsciously. It is easy for our minds to focus on that which is familiar even when that which contradicts it is far more pronounced. In a way, a journey based upon the simple pursuit of an action for itself rather than for something else, grants one a temporary reprieve from the servitude of fate. But fate always catches up to you – trapping you in the convoluted internal processes of your mind, the thoughts unfolding and collapsing, scattering and coalescing.
I had discovered during this exercise that my own internal fate always twists my thoughts back inward upon themselves in the ordinary course such that they reflect an internal contradiction. A mind which escapes its own internal fate produces thoughts which extend out and disperse without boundary. The ego produces a curvature to one’s thoughts, and escaping Fortuna requires escaping the contradiction of self – the complex of one’s internalized self and externalized self.
I remember expressing these thoughts to a curious Ariana, who responded by smiling and pressing her pointer finger and thumb on either side of my hand, without saying anything. My Ariana was not a philosopher. She was content to sit on a park bench overlooking Great Slave Lake, watching the sunset, holding my hand, or sitting holding my arms around her. I allowed my fumbling explanations to fade, relaxing and allowing my tumbling heart to fall back into the shadows of my own internal Fortuna. 
Although Fortuna was not something that people discussed regularly, fate and the mystery of the disease was. Most people believed that resistance to the disease was simply a genetic trait. The survivors of any disease usually possessed some hereditary resistance that set them apart from those afflicted. The popular philosophy of my era largely resembled the thoughts of Mr. Winnert and his frequent suggestion that genetic causes were the basis for every trait and behaviour. Mr. Winnert described it as “Genetic Predestination”. He would say that the theory of evolution demanded that everyone compete to survive. The resulting outcomes of our lives reflected our genetic inheritance. To him, genetics represented a kind of synchronicity, wherein the actions of every competing person would interact to produce an end result that was pre-ordained by the sum total of man’s genetic heritage.
The disease itself remained a mystery. In the eight years since it had been first identified by its set of common symptoms, scientists around the world had worked to uncover its origin and agent. The first suggestion was that it was caused by radiation poisoning but that didn’t explain the mysterious deaths. Then the thought was that it was a virus but when no virus was identified the theory became that it was some kind of Prion. When that didn’t pan out, baffled scientists attempted to identify some kind of environmental problem. Ultimately, in the eight years since the disease had appeared, no progress had been made toward finding a cure. The best thing that the pharmaceutical companies could do was to treat the symptoms. 
It was odd, but the impotence of science at discovering a cure for the disease did little to undermine the public’s confidence in the scientific community. The disease had struck a death blow to the religious traditions of our culture, leaving in their stead a fervent belief in the processes of the scientific method as the sole saviour to man’s impending extinction. 
The solar storms that had led to the drastic climate change on Earth were thoroughly understood. Scientists had confidently suggested that the never ending heat was caused not by terrestrial or human causes, but rather arose from the sun’s activity. Although the scientific community couldn’t say when the never ending heat would end, or if it would end, it was enough to know that the cause was not human for many people. The integration of scientific research into public policy had begun centuries before, but with changes arising out of the formation of the NAU and the ascendancy of the Democratic Socialists, science as never before had become the answer to every question – including moral questions. Evolutionary thought provided the framework for public policy and resolved most debates.
I heard a loud banging sound, interrupting my thoughts and causing me to stand up as my shirt fell onto the floor in front of me. I listened carefully - hearing only silence. And then, as I was about to sit down, the sound of steel shearing against steel startled me and a blanket of white light struck my bare skin. I held my hand up to my eyes, trying to see, but unable to focus. After a few seconds, the light surrounded me, and I felt hands on mine, pulling me forward into the light. I stumbled, nearly falling; the same hands pulled me upright, drawing me out of the cell. 
I could see nothing as I was dragged down the exterior hallway by my arms, shuffling my feet beneath me. I listened and heard breathing, the sound of someone behind and in front of me. I tried to focus my mind on what I was hearing. After a minute, I heard another door opening, the sound of steel shearing greeting my ears. I was pushed into an open room and left in the dark. As I stood up, a small light flickered on, a weak light, that didn’t blind me, and allowed me to focus on what I was seeing. It looked like a lamp on a desk, surrounded by darkness.
I walked toward the desk, my leg hitting something hard. I stuck my hands out and felt it, finding a wooden chair. I tried to move around the chair; I stumbled, catching myself on the edge of the desk.
“Take a seat.” It was a man’s voice; a deep voice that I did not recognize. 	
I stepped around the chair and sat down.
“You’re number 1. Correct?”
I didn’t say anything. I was confused and disoriented. 
“You’re number 1. Correct?” It said again. 
“Yes,” I mumbled. My voice sounded hollow and frail.
“You’ve been incarcerated for six hours,” it began. 
I interrupted. “Six hours? I was in there at least three days.”
The man’s face was covered in shadow and out of focus. I could not tell if he was looking at me. 
He said: “You’ve been incarcerated for six hours.”
“That’s impossible,” I said. “I’ve slept off and on for three days.”
“Your memories have been affected by the disease.”
“How long have I been here?” I said.
 “Since five o’clock this morning.”
“You’ve been incarcerated for six hours,” he began again. “During that time, we have observed your behaviour. We have been observing your behaviour since Basic. We also have a long file on you. You are an A- student. You have one girlfriend: Ariana Hutchinson. You have monogamous traits. Your father is an engineer and your mother an Occupational Therapist. You grew up in Toronto, Ontario, prior to the never ending heat, after which time your family moved to Yellowknife.”
I shuffled in my chair.
“You enlisted in the army, as required by order of the NAU parliament conscription policy. You were selected for admission to the Joint Security Service by virtue of your qualifications.”
“Do you wish to join the Joint Security Service?”
My voice cracked as I spoke. “Yes.”
“Do you admit that you have monogamous tendencies?”
“Yes.”
“You are aware that the survival of the species demands that we follow the policy of propagation.”
“Yes.” 
“You are aware that being a Red Hawk involves certain responsibilities?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Let me explain something to you, number 1. Being a Red Hawk requires more than just physical discipline and mental preparedness. It is not just a duty. It is a way of life. You will have to change the way you think and the way that you act. By the time this training is over you will be a new person; a person uninhibited by the human weaknesses and frailties that others share. Do you understand?”
“Yes.”
“You will never again see your family or your girlfriend except as strangers. Do you understand?”
I didn’t say anything, struck by the sudden revelation. “Never again?” I managed.
“Never again, Number 1. And by the time this training is completed, you won’t want to.”
I shook my head. I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. 
“You will understand, Number 1. You will understand soon enough.”
“Now. You’re training begins today – right now.”
“Number 1. I want you to tell me your happiest memory.”
“I’m sorry?” I said. My face was in my hands.
“Your happiest memory. Tell me your happiest memory.”
I struggled to answer, confused and distressed. “I suppose a week before Basic. Ariana and I were sitting on the bench at the park overlooking Great Slave Lake, holding hands.”
The man picked up a small object on the desk and pointed it at the wall to my right. A bright light turned on, revealing a large television screen. On the screen, a picture lit up, showing what looked like two women at a restaurant, sitting across from each other. The first woman had dark red hair. The second had long auburn hair like Ariana. 
I tried to focus on the picture, and the more I looked the more it appeared that the person on the right was indeed Ariana. The man pressed another button on the controller and the image flashed. A new image was displayed on the screen, revealing the same two women, but this time they were kissing. 
I stood up from my chair, sending it backwards. I stumbled forward toward the screen; my right hand was outstretched in front of me. I let my fingertips press against the screen, against Ariana’s hair. 
The man spoke: “Ariana is now seeing a classmate of yours. A,” he paused. “Felicity Huntsman.”
I turned around. “I don’t believe it.”
The man stood up. “Take a seat, Number 1.”
Irritably, I moved back toward the table and sat down awkwardly on the brown wood. The man across from me sat down as well. 
“This was taken the week before graduation,” he said.
“You’re telling me that Ariana was cheating on me?” I growled angrily.
“Your father has a habit of disappearing on the weekends. Does he not, Number 1?”
“Yes,” I said; my voice vehement. 
The man turned toward the screen. It flashed brightly revealing the image of my father entering a large manor house. The image flashed again, showing a series of vehicles parked in a long line outside the house. The image flashed again revealing an exterior window and inside a blackened room. The image flashed again, and a woman, wearing only lingerie stepped into the lit room. The image flashed again and two other women were stepping into the room. The image flashed again, and my father stood in the doorway.
“Do you want to see more?” He said.
“What is that supposed to prove?” 
“Everything you know to be true is a lie.”
“You could have doctored the images,” I said.
“Do you know why, Number 1, your family moved to Yellowknife just as the never ending heat began?”
“My father had a feeling about things. He knew something was wrong.”
“Yes, he did know something was wrong. Do you know how he knew?”
“I don’t know,” I said.
“Your father was notified by his employer, Drummand Technologies, the primary contractor for the United States Department of Advanced Technologies. The United States government knew months before the heat hit that it was coming. They knew and they told no one. Millions could have been evacuated from the affected areas.”
“My father wouldn’t have let millions of people die for no reason.”
“Your father was one of thousands who were given advanced warning to move to Northern areas.”
“Why should I believe any of this?” I said.
“What is your earliest memory, Number 1?”
“I don’t know,” I said irritably. 
“Answer the question.”
“I suppose it was my Grandfather. Him sitting outside on the porch at his farm north of Toronto.”
The man turned toward the screen with the controller in his hand. The image flashed, revealing a newspaper clipping. 
“You’re free to move closer so that you can read it.”
I stood up and moved through the darkness carefully toward the wall. I leaned in close to the screen reading the text aloud. It appeared to be an obituary.
“Winston Fredrick Simon Burke died on Tuesday September 1, 2002 at the age of 76. He was predeceased by his wife, Maria Burke and two children, John and Janet.” 
“This is my Grandfather’s obituary.” I turned toward him. “That’s impossible, I wasn’t born in 2002.”
“That’s right. He died before you were born.”
I walked back to the table and sat down. “Let’s just suppose for a second,” I said quietly. “That you’re telling me the truth. What does any of this have to do with the Joint Security Service?”
“You were chosen, Number 1, because you possess a unique quality that other resistant men do not. It is a quality that arises largely out of the rarer symptoms of resistance. If you have ever wondered why some men are chosen to join the JSS and others are not, this is the reason.”
“I have the memory disturbance?” 
“Yes.”	
My eyes fell to the ground in front of me. “How do I know which of my memories are real and which ones are false?”
“You don’t know. You will learn through your training that it doesn’t matter. You will learn that none of them are real.”
“My father and mother exist. My Ariana exists,” I said stubbornly.
“Yes they do,” He said. “But not as you remember them.”
He paused for a moment and seemed to change tack. “You haven’t eaten. Are you hungry?”
“Yes,” I said quietly. “But I hardly notice it anymore.”
“Tell me how it felt at first.”
“It was an aching hunger. But after a while it became more manageable. I got used to it.”
“And now?”
“A distant feeling. I know it is there, but it doesn’t bother me.”
“And when you were sitting in the darkness of that cell, when the door was opened, could you see?”
“No it was too bright, I was blinded.”
“I have a little test for you to complete, Number 1.”
The man picked up the controller and pointed it at the wall to my left. A bright light lit up the far wall, revealing a table with two large containers sitting on hot plates. One of the containers was steaming. I stood up and walked over to the table.
“What do you see?”
“I see a hot container of water and a cool one.”
“I want you to stick your hand in the steaming water.”
“I’m sorry?” I said.
“Stick your hand in the water.”
I looked back at the man nonplussed. I turned back to the container. I lifted my right hand and let my fingertips touch the water. It was hot enough to cause me to recoil quickly.
“Do it again.”
“Listen, I don’t want third degree burns.”
“I want you to hold your hand in that water for ten seconds.”
“Ten seconds? It will burn my hand.”
“Do it.”
I turned back to the water, shaking my head. I let my hand slowly down into the steaming liquid. After a few seconds, I pulled it out again. The steam was rising from my skin. I massaged my fingers with my left hand. 
I tried again. This time I was able to hold it in the water for five seconds before recoiling. I massaged my fingers, which were raw and red. 
“Do it again.”
I put my hand into the water and held it there, my teeth clenching as I counted to ten. I pulled it out as soon as ten seconds had passed.
“There, I did it.”
“Now I want you to do the same thing for a minute.”
“A minute?” 
“Yes.”
	I put my hand back into the water and held it there. The seconds passed slowly at first, but after a while, I could no longer feel my hand. 
After about a minute, the man sitting behind me spoke again. He said: “Now put your hand into the other water.”
I did what I was told. I pulled my hand out of the steaming water and put it into the cold water. Immediately, my hand felt burning hot, as if the water was boiling. I pulled it out of the cold water immediately, startled by the sensation of heat.
“How did it feel?” He said.
“It was hot.”
I held my right hand with my left, again massaging the skin. It was red but it didn’t look badly burned. I turned around and walked back to the table. I sat down.
“Did you think that you would be able to hold your hand in that water for ten seconds?”
“No,” I said.
“What about a minute?”
“No.”
“And how did it feel after a minute? Was it painful?”
“No,” I began. “I felt nothing.”
“And the other water, did it feel cold, afterwards?”
“No it felt hot.”
He nodded. “Hot and cold are merely constructs, contained within our minds. They are feelings that our minds use to explain the world around us. There is no true connection between our sensation of heat and cold and the substance of it.”
	I was still rubbing my hand gingerly. “Are you saying that there is no such thing as hot and cold?”
	“I am telling you that our minds manufacture hot and cold. I am saying that if you stretch your own limits, if you go beyond what your mind tells you that you are capable of doing, if you ignore your own fears, you will discover that sensations are not only dispensable, they are interchangeable. You will discover that salty and sugary are one, just as hot and cold are, just as light and darkness are.”
	“I understand,” I said immediately; what he was saying made a kind of sense.
	“Do you?” He said. “Some men are driven by their sensations. They are driven to avoid that which is unpleasant and pursue that which is pleasurable. They are tossed here and there by their experience of life. Such men are easy to manipulate, they are easy to control.”
	 “I don’t understand,” I said.
	“The more you are driven by your emotions, by your desires, the further you fall into the primitive struggle and the more of yourself you lose.”
The man stood up. “That is enough for today, Number 1. Tonight you will be given a new room and a new assignment. You will complete the assignment exactly as it is given to you. You will be watched at all times and if you fail to complete the task correctly, you will be required to complete it again and again until you get it right.”
The man stepped out of the weak light and into the darkness. A door opened and bright light flooded the room. I put my hands over my eyes. After a few seconds, I felt hands on my back pulling me up off the chair and forcing me around the desk, toward the door. I stumbled awkwardly as I moved, finding it difficult to navigate in the bright light. As I moved into the doorway, the white light penetrated my hands, causing me to close my eyes. I let my hands fall down to my sides and walked forward, keeping my eyes closed. 
I walked for a few minutes like this, being directed to my left and right periodically by whoever was behind me. Eventually, I was told to sit down. I sat down and felt a soft surface beneath me, like a bed. I felt it with my hand, overwhelmed with relief. I heard footsteps leave the room and then a door close.
I sat in silence with my eyes closed waiting for something to happen. Eventually, when nothing did, I decided to lie down on the bed. I turned and lifted my feet over the edge. I rested my head on a warm soft pillow and sighed with relief. It appeared, at least for now, that the nightmare was over.





Chapter 4




I awoke with my head sitting in a pool of saliva. I opened my eyes slowly, blinking repeatedly as I adjusted to the light. It took me a few minutes but soon enough my vision began to clear and the room came into focus. I was lying on a twin bed, the bottom of a bunk bed, similar to those they had at Basic. The room itself was small with a single dresser at the end of the bed, a bathroom and a closet to my left. The doorway was right of the bunk bed and it was closed. There was no mirror in the room.
I leaned forward, pulling myself upward with the railings of the top bunk above me. I turned sideways so I could sit on the edge of the bed while I rubbed my eyes. Standing, I steadied myself by holding the bar separating the top bunk from the bottom. The brightness still burned my eyes, so I would close them every so often. After a few minutes, I released the bunk bed and stood, opening my eyes completely for the first time. 
I tried to remember the events of the previous day, but my mind was clouded by sleep. I recalled speaking with a man who I could not see because of the darkness and who tested me by forcing me to put my hand in boiling water. I remembered him telling me that Ariana was cheating on me with another woman, that my father was involved in some kind of sex party, and that my grandfather died before I was born. I recalled him also telling me that my memories of my grandfather were fabricated by the disease. I had trouble reconciling my memories of the day before with my past. I wasn’t sure what to believe.
As I walked around the room, I noted a sheet of paper resting on the top of the dresser. Above the bed was a video camera with a red light on the outside. The camera was following my movements. I picked up the paper, reading it to myself. 

In this dresser you will find five objects: a comb, a pair of boots, a uniform and a hanger. You will take off your current uniform in the following manner: 

(1)You will remove the pants first, left leg then right leg. You will make sure that the pants do not touch the floor. You will use your right hand to remove the left leg and the left hand to remove the right leg. You will pull the pants off your legs with your left hand. You will lift the pants up with your right hand. You will lift the pants to your eye level, and then fold them, so that the seam on the edge of each leg faces to the left. You will fold them three times lengthwise and when you are finished you will place them on the bed, about three inches from the left side.
(2)You will take your shirt, which is rolled up and on the floor beside the bed and you will fold it properly, such that the right and left arms are folded neatly up against the seam on either side of the shirt. You will then hang the shirt neatly and put it in the closet.
(3)You will remove the new uniform from the dresser and put it on. You will put on the right leg first and the left leg second using the opposite hand as before. You will put the shirt on with the right arm first and the left arm second using the opposite hand as before.
(4)You will put on the right boot first and the left boot second.

When you have completed this task, you will sit at the end of the bed and wait for your handler to come for you.

	I read the paper a second time and irritably put it on the dresser. I had no idea what these instructions had to do with joining the JSS. It sounded like another stupid exercise designed to ensure that I would follow instructions exactly as given to me. I had had enough of stupid exercises like this in Basic. It felt like a total waste of time. 
	I sat down on the end of the bed and turned to take a look at the camera, which was following my movements. It made me feel self-conscious, which made it difficult to concentrate. After a few seconds of rubbing my forehead, I stood up, ready to follow the instructions. I picked up the paper and read it a third time and then a fourth. When I was sure that I understood the instructions, I put the paper down and did my best to follow them. While using the opposite hands, I fell over into the dresser, having to force myself back to my feet. I tried again and the same thing happened. Finally, the third time, I managed to do it, but then the pants touched the floor and I had to start over again. For the next half hour, I tried again and again. Finally, on my twentieth attempt, I managed to get my pants off and folded perfectly. 
My self-consciousness faded after the first five minutes. In its stead, my attention became focused on the task at hand. My eyes followed my actions carefully, every movement precisely executed, following the plan in my mind. By the end of the task, my attention was focused intently on the objective. Every movement was carefully calibrated to bring about the proper result.
After the pants, the rest of the instructions were much easier to follow. It wasn’t that they were simpler instructions, or less awkward, it was that I had attained a level of focus and concentration that made their execution easier. After about a half-an-hour, I sat down on the bed triumphantly, wearing my blue Joint Security Service uniform. The only difference between my uniform and the one I had seen other JSS wear was that it lacked the pin on the collar.
	I waited for about ten minutes before I heard a knock at the door. The door opened and a large man wearing the same blue uniform entered the room. He had black hair and a long face, his forehead etched with lines. He had a long hooked nose and thin lips. His eyes were cold and his expression blank. He stepped into the room without hesitation and spoke.
	“You will be training with me today, Number 1.”
	“Okay,” I said vacantly, unsure of what to say.
	“I will be taking you to an interview room. We have much to discuss.”
	I stood up, and the man turned to leave the room. I followed him left from the doorway. We walked down a long white hallway, past a glass window, through which I could see other men wearing the same uniform eating lunch in a cafeteria. Ahead of me, the man in the blue uniform had stopped at the end of the hallway, flashing his hand over a sensor beside a door. The door clicked and opened with a buzz: the sound of an electric motor. I followed the man through the door and into a darkened hallway. He led me down the hallway, turning at the end and entering a small room with a desk and a flat screen on the far wall. This time, the light was on and I could see clearly the size of the room and the exits.
	The man sat down on a wooden chair to my left and gestured for me to sit down opposite him. I stepped around the desk and sat down, my eyes resting on his blank face. He didn’t speak at first; his gaze rested on me, his cold eyes unwavering.
	“You were well selected, Number 1.”
	“Can I ask you a question?” I said.
	“Go ahead.”
	“What is your name?”
	“I have no name,” he said.
	“What about a rank?”
	“I am Number 16 of unit 75.”
	“Can I ask you why you don’t have a name?”
	“Names are given to you by others. They are entangled in a web of feelings, memories and associations. They are unnecessary sources of self-consciousness.” He paused. “But you are free to choose your own name, so long as it does not reflect an association created by another. But I guarantee you that it will complicate your duty as a member of the JSS.”
	I ran my tongue along the backs of my teeth as I thought. What a strange way of thinking this man had. Imagine living the rest of my life without a name. And to prefer living that way, it was very foreign to me. This man seemed as if he were from another planet.
	“Another time perhaps,” I said absently.
	“How did you find your assignment this morning?” 
	I shrugged. “It was manageable although I have to admit the purpose of it escapes me.”
	“How did you find the task at first? At what point did it become easier for you?”
	“It was awkward at first because the movements were counter-intuitive. I would not ordinarily use the opposite hand to remove a pant leg. After a while, the awkwardness of the movements faded. It became easier to concentrate my attention on the task.”
	“And at that point, you were able to complete it?”
	“Yes.”
	“Tell me, did the fact you were being watched make it more difficult?”
	“Yes it did, at first. But once I had focused on the task, I was no longer aware of my surroundings. I forgot about the camera.”
	“Exactly,” he said cryptically.
	“Was that the point?” I asked.
	“Your objective was pointless. There was no reason to do the task the way that you were required to. In fact, it would have been much easier to do it another way. But you performed this pointless task in a way that required your full attention. It required you to focus your thoughts on the nuances of every action that you performed. In so doing, you focused your attention such that you were no longer conscious of anything but the task at hand.”
	“How often would you say that you focus your attention to that degree on any task?”
	“It would be pretty rare,” I replied.
	“You must learn to perform every action with that level of concentration and focus. You must learn to direct your full attention to every task. Only then will you be able to overcome the crippling effect of self-consciousness. Once you attain that level of concentration, you will have to learn how to maintain it, even in the presence of a distraction, like a beautiful woman, or an obnoxious person like Number 27.”
I laughed. “I understand.”
“Don’t laugh, Number 1. It wasn’t a joke. It is easy to maintain that level of concentration when you are alone in a room. It is much more difficult when there are others nearby. You will discover this soon enough.”
“Now, Number 1. I want you to tell me about yourself.”
 “What do you want to know?”
“Everything.”
I struggled to answer. Slowly, I began to think about the past, but only when I thought of Ariana did I manage to find my words. “I suppose I would say I am a quiet person. I am an introvert. I work hard at what I do but I have trouble staying interested in a lot of things…”
“When you say that you are a quiet person, is that something that someone has told you?”
“I suppose, yeah.” 
“And someone has told you that you are an introvert.”
“My father.”
“And you have trouble staying interested in things.”
“My teachers.”
“I am going to ask you the same question again, Number 1. But this time, I want you to tell me who you are, without making reference to anything anyone else has told you.”
“I can’t,” I said.
“Why not?”
“Because anything I could say, others have said about me, or I’ve said about myself because of things other people have said.”
“What is your name?”
“John Burke.”
“No, that is not your name. That is the name you were given by others.”
“Then I don’t have a name.”
“When I ask you to tell me who you are, I want you to tell me who you are, not who John Burke is.”
“I am…” I stumbled for words. “I am a candidate for the JSS.”
“Yes you are.”
“Are you telling me that I am no longer John Burke?”
“No, Number 1. I am telling you that you never were.”
“I am John Burke,” I said irritably. “My father is John Burke Sr. My mother is Lydia Burke.”
“No. That is John Burke’s family. You are not John Burke.”
“I am John Burke.”
“You are not John Burke,” he said forcefully.
I slumped back in my chair, letting out a deep breath into the silence of the room. The man before me had never once shown an ounce of emotion. He stared blankly at me; his cold eyes piercing my own. He rested his arms on the desk in front of him, watching me the whole time as he spoke.
“Then who am I?” I said.
“You are Number 1.”
The man sat back in his chair without changing his expression. After a few seconds, he leaned forward again. As he did so, he pushed a pad of paper across the desk toward me. He placed a pen on the pad.
“I want you to write out every word that you can think of to describe yourself. When you are finished, I want you to think about each word, and every memory you can that relate to that word, every association you can make internally. When you are finished I will return.”
The man stood up, pulling his uniform down and straightening it out. He looked away; his head moving robotically. He walked to the door and opened it without looking back, and then I was alone in the room with my thoughts.
I hadn’t expected any of this. Sitting at that table, staring at that blank pad of paper, I could only wonder if I could trust anything that I was being told. The Joint Security Service was asking me to forget everything that I am and everything I was. I was told that I can no longer live as John Burke – that I have to let go of every memory and every person who ever mattered to me. I was beginning to realize that there was no way back. There was no way that they would let me leave the Service and return home.
I picked up the pen, holding it tightly in my fist. A moment of hesitation followed, and then I began to write. It took me over an hour before I started to run out of words to write. By the end of the hour my hand was hurting from holding the pen so tightly. I put the pen down on the pad. As soon as I did so, the door opened and Number 16 came back into the room.
“Well, how did you do? How many pages?”
“Thirty-six pages,” I said.
“Can I see the pad?” 
He reached out with his hand over the desk. I handed him the pad of paper. He sat down opposite me and started flipping through the pages. After a few minutes, he placed the pad on the table. He reached over beside the table where there was a metal garbage can. He picked up the garbage can and placed it on the desk next to the pad of paper. When he was finished, he stood up and pulled a lighter out of his pants pocket. He picked up the pad of paper and handed it to me. 
“Good, now I want you burn every page.”
I gave him a quizzical look. When his expression did not change, I took the pad of paper from him. I stood up and began ripping pages off. 
He handed me the lighter. I picked up the crumpled up first page and flicked the flame on. It caught quickly, orange and red and yellow hues twisting through the fabric of the page, sending up a grey trail of smoke. I dropped it into the garbage can as it caught quickly, nearly singeing my hand. I watched as the paper curled up, brown streaks running along the edges of the paper. After a few seconds, all that was left was a black ball of charred ember that had the look of charcoal.
“Every page,” he said.
I spent the next hour filling the garbage can with page after page, each one turning into a small black charcoal orb that sat in a pile around the bottom of the can. Halfway through the pad of paper, Sixteen had picked up the garbage can and crushed the crumpled bits at the top with his boot, giving me more space at the top. While I finished, he paced slowly around the room.
When I had finished burning the paper, he sat down again opposite me, staring at me. I picked up the garbage can and placed it on the floor next to the desk.
“You are not an object to be classified, defined or directed. You are not a word nor can your internal mind be described in words.”
I looked at Sixteen, trying with difficultly to reconcile everything that had happened to me over the days and hours that I had been in the complex. I thought of my lengthy imprisonment, my hunger and my isolation. I thought of the memories that the pad of paper had evoked, while I wrote down some of the most personal and difficult words that had ever come from my own hand. I thought of Ariana and my father, of my grandfather. I thought of my memories of the Red Summers before the never ending heat. I thought of Yellowknife and Great Slave Lake, the way the water rippled out into the reeds after I had watched a duck take flight. 
“You were selected Number 1, because you are unique. This is your new life.”
This was not a game. It was not some kind of trick. I was chosen to join an organization responsible for ensuring the safety of every member of the NAU. I had been selected to undergo a difficult program of training that required me to see things differently. It was an honour to be chosen and a privilege. I had never had purpose in my life before the Red Hawks; nothing I had ever done before had mattered, not really. They were giving me the opportunity to become something great and all I could think about was Ariana. I could feel my father’s voice in my mind, telling me to let go, telling me to listen and learn. 
“What do you want me to do?” I said.
The man leaned forward, resting his hands on the desk. He said: “Who are you?”
I replied: “I am Number 1.”
The man’s expression did not change, but he sat back in his chair, his eyes still focused on mine, not giving away his thoughts. He watched me for a minute before he spoke again.
“Then you are ready to know the social dialectic.”
I let my eyes hang on his face, which was difficult because his stare made me feel self-conscious. I tried not to turn away, but without my volition I did anyway. I thought that he didn’t seem to notice because his expression did not change. He continued to stare into my eyes, his face square with mine. 
“Tell me, Number 1, what did you learn from our little hot water experiment?”
“I learned that hot and cold are interchangeable and dispensable.”
“Yes, but what are the implications of that?”
“I suppose if cold can be hot and hot can be cold, then what matters not is the temperature of the water, what matters is how my brain categorizes it.”
“Yes,” he said. “But it is not a categorization. For it to be a categorization, there must truly be an absolute cold and an absolute hot for you to compare it to.”
“Then what?”
“It is a rationalization,” he said. “If cold and hot sensations are interchangeable then they are without content in and of themselves. But once your mind rationalizes the sensation, the experience becomes forever linked to the word which rationalized it. We both know that the water that felt hot was cold and that the water that was boiling was hot. We know that because our minds have forever linked one to one word and the other to another word; the word by-passes the experience of the feeling.”
“What do you mean by rationalization?”
“The human mind devotes much of its thought processes to transforming feelings into useful language that can then be used by the person to fulfill needs. The mind must rationalize the feeling of hot for the mind to react properly. If the mind failed to recognize the sensation of burning, then one would simply allow oneself to be burned.”
“Okay,” I said. “So every feeling we have gets… Rationalized unconsciously?”
“Both consciously and unconsciously: wherever our conscious attention flows, rationalization follows, reflecting the perspective of the observer. But, even the unconscious mind processes the behaviour of others into subjective language.”
“I understand.”
“Now, Number 1, imagine that we are not talking about hot and cold, imagine we are talking about every feeling and every sensation and that the same thing applies.”
I tried to comprehend what the man was saying to me. In an odd sort of way it made sense, but it went against everything that I had been taught in school. Mr. Winnert’s lectures about the genetic basis for behaviour were burned deeply into my mind and it was difficult to disregard them. 
“So every feeling, love and hate, pleasure and pain, wetness and dryness… Every feeling is interchangeable?”
“I am pleased that you have listed them in terms of opposites. Yes, those pairs are interchangeable.”
“If that is true,” I began. “Then why is it that we ordinarily experience them differently?”
“Because we are trained to,” he said simply.
“Trained by whom?” 
“Everyone.”
I slumped backward in my chair as I struggled to accept what I was being told. I allowed my gaze to move slowly back upon his, which was difficult because his eyes were piercing and cold, making me feel self-conscious. There was something strange going on in the depths of my mind, as if what I was being told was simply confirming something I had always known to be true, but that it had escaped my conscious mind. 
I couldn’t deny the man’s logic. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but I knew that I agreed with him. I did understand it, but that understanding was terrifying. It is comforting to know that one’s experience of the world confirms one’s beliefs. To suddenly accept a contrary view point, one that so totally contradicted one’s memories, was difficult even compared to the other things that I had been told. But what I was hearing now was the key to understanding everything that had happened. If feelings were essentially interchangeable then the emotions that my memories generated were preventing me from seeing this essential truth. In order for me to truly accept what I was being told, I had to accept that my memories were irrelevant because they were flawed, because they were entangled with the words that others had applied to me, that I had internalized inside myself.
The deeper implications of this idea were even more troubling. If feelings were “rationalized” as he put it then identity is a social manifestation, created through training; most people define themselves through their feelings. 
“Example,” he began. “You felt the cold water and it felt hot. The fact that it felt hot to you arises from you going beyond your tolerances. Some people are incapable of that step. It is the first step toward becoming a JSS. If you were an ordinary person, everyone around you would be unconsciously reinforcing you to deny the feeling, to substitute for what you truly felt, that which they feel, within the bounds of their tolerances.”
“They would try to train me to believe that it felt cold even though it felt hot to me?”
“Exactly. It is this training which causes the memory disturbance. Every event which goes against the rationalization is corrected in time by your social grouping. The more time passes that you allow yourself to be subject to others, the more your memories will reflect the way others see you.”
A sudden revelation entered my mind. “If we are trained, as you put it, to rationalize our feelings. Then our personality is trained?”
“Identity is a social construct,” he said simply.
“Now I understand why you refuse to allow me to call myself John Burke.”
The man’s expression didn’t change. He said: “I am pleased you are starting to understand.”
“So,” I began. “We are trained to take the words that others apply to us and internalize those words so that they override our experience.”
“Exactly.”
“But why would people act against their own self-interest? Why allow yourself to be trained?” I said.
“The social directive demands it.”
“What is the social directive?”
“Being a member of a social grouping requires that some members sacrifice aspects of themselves for the betterment of the group. A group only operates through a social compromise. The social directive is the unconscious directive that ensures the continued existence of the social grouping by imposing restrictions upon the behaviour of individuals. These restrictions are created through rationalizations and are enforced subconsciously and consciously by all members of the social group.”
“As words?” I said.
“Yes, Number 1. As words.”
“What about self-interest then?” I replied.
“Self-interest is attenuated by social conditions. Only the social dialectic is free from the social directive.”
“So tell me then,” I said. “What is this social dialectic?”
“It is what we call the moment of comprehension: wherein two opposites that exist in contradiction are grasped by the mind at the same time as a whole that is neither one nor the other, not a composite of both nor two divisible parts. It is one, but it is a contradiction of two.”
“It is a contradiction of two and yet it is one?” I said.
“Yes.” His voice was deep and booming.
“But that’s impossible,” I said simply.
He didn’t respond. His eyes had a dark look to them and his expression did not change. I tried not to look away, but I couldn’t help it.
“It is illogical, but it is not impossible.”
“Isn’t that the same thing?”
“No. Number 1. It isn’t.”
I thought about the man’s words, and although what he had said at first seemed right, the more I thought about it, the more difficult it became to comprehend. As the silence stretched on, while he watched me, I found myself more and more confused by what I had heard. The moment of comprehension had passed and now I was more confused than ever.
My face must have expressed this thought because he said: “You will learn in time to stretch the moment of comprehension, to experience it in every moment of every day. Every feeling will become for you an opportunity to comprehend the social dialectic.”
“And then what?” I said.
“And then you will be a social engineer.”
“What is a social engineer?”
He didn’t answer me at first. He stood up, walked over to the door, and without looking back said: “You aren’t ready. In time you will understand.”
“I have completed my portion of your training, Number 1. It is time for you to meet Number 2. He will be training you for the next few days. We probably won’t see each other again.”
“Good-bye,” I said. I held up my hand to wave.
He didn’t look back, and he didn’t say a word. The door closed loudly, sending vibrations through the walls and echoing within the cavernous interior of the room.
I went over the conversation with Sixteen in my mind, trying to solve the puzzle left by the man’s exit. In some ways what I had heard was very foreign, but in other ways it made a kind of sense. I was reminded of my desire to find an alternative, an option, to the worldview of my peers, the worldview that reduced every man to his biology and every behaviour to a quirk of genetic fate. This social dialectic represented a kind of freedom from that, an alternative to the suggestion that every person is predetermined to be as they are, to feel as they are. I could think of nothing more oppressive than this “Genetic Predestination”. This social dialectic represented something new, something that was contrary to the kind of reasoning that men like Mr. Winnert championed.
But it also represented a very extreme alternative. I would certainly become freer by understanding it, but what room is there for love when love and hate are one? How could I accept that my feelings toward Ariana and my parents were some kind of delusion caused by a disturbance in my memories? What kind of future would the social dialectic bring? A future where people live as machines, without feeling, without truth? I could scarcely begin to understand the implications of what I had been told. But, in truth, it was clear that the social dialectic was something for the JSS, not for the average citizen. It was odd to hear, but it appeared that the JSS was fine with the rest of the world operating under the principles of evolutionary thought, while they went their own way with this social dialectic. I couldn’t resolve the conflict in my mind between what I knew others would say to me about what I was being told and what Sixteen had told me.
No, I had told Sixteen that I was ready to learn. I would not take a step back into my life before the JSS. I would move forward, without hesitation, just as my father would want me to. I was no longer John Burke. I was Number 1. I would do my best to attain this comprehension that allowed me to accept a contradiction of two that is also one. I wouldn’t step back and I wouldn’t try to escape the reality of the JSS. I would keep my mind open and my past behind me.
I was immediately brought back to the night that Ariana and I had tried to outrun our own expectations, to move more quickly than our imaginations, to escape the reactions that would await us otherwise. That strange evening had revealed a kind of freedom, a place where I became what I truly wanted to be, no longer constrained by the ways that others saw me. Perhaps this social dialectic was like that feeling. Perhaps by acting more quickly than we could react, we saw that our own reactions could be evaded, we saw that we could become what we did not think possible. Perhaps undoing the contradiction of self, the contrast between how others see us and how we see ourselves, was how one comprehended the social dialectic. Perhaps it was the social dialectic.
The sound of the door opening startled me out of my thoughts. I stood up without volition, as another man entered the room. He didn’t look at me as he walked toward the desk and sat down. He had a file open in front of him that he was reading. He hadn’t said a word to me, so I sat down feeling slightly embarrassed. After a few minutes, he looked up at me from his file. 
His face was younger than the first man. He had red hair, parted in the middle of his head. His face was covered in small freckles. He had brown eyes, behind wire glasses, and a slight beard.
“I understand that you have had your first encounter with the social dialectic.”
“Yes,” I said.
“How did it feel?”
“How did it feel?” I repeated stupidly.
“Yes,” He said.
“Like freedom,” I said simply.
“Well put,” he replied.
He put the file down on the desk. “This next exercise involves the use of some Afflicted. They aren’t on the medication so you will forgive them if they do not speak. They have been given very simple instructions.”
He pointed at the back of the room. “There is a mirror in the corner there. I want you to sit at the desk when each of the Afflicted come into the room. I want you to stare at the Afflicted until they look away, which they will because of their docility. When they look away, they are instructed to leave the room. At that time, I want you to go to the back of the room and look in the mirror. I want you to write down on a paper what animal you think you look like.”
I coughed. “What animal I look like?”
“Yes, it’s very simple. Do exactly as I say.”
The man stood up and then straightened out his uniform. Once he was finished, he left the room. I walked over to the corner to look at the mirror. Beneath the mirror was a pad of paper and a pen.
I heard the door outside the room slamming shut, so I quickly stepped back to the desk and sat down. Immediately, the door opened and an Afflicted stepped into the room. He was tall and thin, quite young for Afflicted. He had the same white hair as they all did and the same long limbs and awkward gait. I guessed that he was in his late teens when he was infected. He had the sloping features of an Afflicted and the blank stare. He probably weighed less than a hundred pounds. 
He stepped over to the desk and sat down. His eyes rested on mine for about five seconds, and then he looked away. When he looked away, he immediately stood up, without speaking, and walked back toward the door. The door opened, and he exited.
I stood up and walked over to the mirror, feeling stupid. I couldn’t imagine for what reason I was being told to perform such a silly task. Irritably, I rested my palms on the table beneath the mirror and looked at my face. As soon as I looked in the mirror, I saw the unmistakable shape of a cat’s face twisting my own features. I looked away, surprised, and then looked back into the mirror from a different angle only to find that the odd shape was gone and I was looking at the face I was accustomed to. 
I looked down at the pad of paper, not quite believing what I was about to do. I picked up the pen and wrote: “Cat”. As I finished writing, the door began to open again. I walked back to the desk and sat down.
The Afflicted was older this time, although otherwise it would have been difficult to tell that the two were not the same. They were dressed the same, in coveralls, and had the same blank look on their face. This second Afflicted walked over to the desk and sat down. In very much the same way, he looked at my face and then turned away. As he stood up to leave the room, I walked over to the mirror.
This time, when I looked at my reflection, my nose seemed somewhat curved, like the beak of an owl and my eyes seemed somewhat larger. I looked down at the pad of paper and wrote the word: “Owl”.
The next Afflicted stepped into the room as I sat down. He was younger and had the same features as the first two. He sat down opposite me and stared at me for five seconds before looking away. Then he left the room.
I walked over to the mirror and gazed at my face. This time the light seemed to draw my attention to my nose, making it seem longer than it was, and my teeth square beneath it. I thought that I had the look of a horse or a donkey, so I wrote that down on the paper. 
Behind me, the door did not open so I walked back to the desk and sat down. After a few minutes, I heard a noise and then the sound of the door opening. The man identified as Number 2 stepped into the room, holding the same file. He walked over and sat down opposite me.
“So, Number 1. It was a Cat and then an Owl and then a Horse, was it not?”
I was stunned. “Is this some kind of magic trick?”
The man dropped the file on the desk, sending three photographs scattering across its surface, coming to rest right under my nose. I looked down to see a photograph of a Cat, an Owl and a Horse. 
I picked up the three photographs, my eyes scanning their surface, noting the similarities between my reflections and the pictures. I put the pictures down on the desk, incredulous. 
The man identified as Two continued to stare at me. 
Finally, he said: “It’s called facial imprinting. It is the strongest form of deference.” he began. “There is nothing inside the minds of the Afflicted, so they act like mirrors. All we have to do is force them to stare at the photograph for a few minutes before they enter the room.”
“How is this possible?” I said.
“The social dialectic created a bit of space inside your mind. You’ve done well for an Acolyte; you have already begun to extinguish the flame of your external self – the self created for you by others’ expectations.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Yes you do, Number 1. Don’t be naïve. You saw what they saw. If you had not known the social dialectic, your mind would have integrated these photographs into your existing self-concept. It would’ve been a drop of water, not something you would have been able to see.”
I tried not to feel numb. In a way, I understood what the man was saying to me, but I couldn’t believe it. It went against everything I knew about science and reason. 
“So I was reading their minds?”
“In a way, yes. But in a way, no.” 
“So all of us. Every one of us is linked telepathically?”
“Unconsciously.” 
“How can that be? Why aren’t we aware of it?”
“The Social Directive requires us to forget.” He leaned forward. “Listen, Number 1. I don’t care how your rationalize it; you can call it imprinting if that makes you feel better. Once you’ve been doing this long enough, you begin to lose the need for rationalizations. You will come to see that this is true science.”
I laughed uncomfortably. “The true science?”
“Yes, One. The social dialectic is the true science.”
The man leaned back in his chair. He watched my expression change as the information percolated through my mind. Finally, when I relaxed, he leaned forward and picked up the photographs, placing them back inside the file.
“Number 16 did a good job.”
I nodded at him, uncertain of what he wanted me to say. 
“Now, I’m going to teach you something different,” he began. “It’s time for you to learn the language of sociality.”
“Tell me, Number 1, have you ever watched a nature program about the wild?”
“Yes,” I said.
“What do they all have in common?”
I struggled to think about the last time I’d watched a nature program. I could only think of Mr. Winnert’s class, sitting in the dark watching a program on wolves, while Mr. Winnert droned on and on about survival of the fittest. The video was about a pack of wolves that encountered a larger lone wolf of a different species. The larger wolf killed the Alpha male in the pack and took his place, murdering the pups that were left behind and mating with the females. I remember my irritation at listening to Mr. Winnert’s suggestion that human beings lived exactly like wolves.
“I don’t know, mating?”
“Close, that is part of it. What does a female do when the Alpha male wants to mate?”
“She submits,” I said.
“Exactly,” he said. “So, Number 1, there are only two words in the primitive language of sociality: Dominance and Submission.” 
He continued: “Every animal in the animal kingdom knows these two words - from the smallest Cricket to the largest Ape. Every animal knows the language of dominance and submission.”
Before I could speak, he stood up, continuing to talk. “I’ll give you an example, Number 1. Suppose that a Cricket chooses a field in which to make his mating call. He gets himself ready and starts rubbing his legs together. Now suppose a bigger, tougher male, shows up. He wants the other male to stop so what does he do? He rubs his legs together, faster, but also, at the same time, rubbing them the opposite way. Instead of producing a beautiful sound, he produces a discordant sound. The other cricket immediately recognizes the sound, and because it is of a lower frequency than his own, he knows that the other male is bigger. He immediately stops his music and vacates the field.”
Number 2 was much more excitable than Number 16, but although he spoke much more quickly, he nevertheless showed little emotion.
“Do you understand, Number 1?”
“I suppose I do,” I said.
“Then explain it to me.”
“The second Cricket shows his dominance by making a lower frequency discordant sound. The first Cricket knows that the second is bigger so he leaves, he submits.”
“Exactly, very good, Number 1. Now, what is the social dialectic?”
The silence stretched on. Finally, I said weakly: “Dominance?”
“No. Try again.”
“I don’t know,” I mumbled.
“It is neither,” he said.
“Neither?” 
“And it is both.”
Two was sitting with his hands resting on the desk between us while he watched my expression. I let my gaze fall down to the desk as I tried to understand. It is neither and it is both. The social dialectic is a contradiction of two opposites that are one, yet remain two. This was another pair of contradictory feelings, like hot and cold, or light and dark. I could see the link between the thoughts. If dominance and submission are two feelings, contradictory, then the social dialectic requires they be interchangeable, requires that one realize that they are the one and the same, while at the same time retaining their contradiction.
I looked up. “I understand. A dominant obtains his position through the submissive, but the social dialectic is complete – it is the dominant and the submissive.”
“Good,” he said. “This makes the social dialectic free from the primitive struggle of sociality. Understand?”
“What is the primitive struggle of sociality?” I said.
“It is the struggle which animates our every action. It is the basis for achievements in the arts, literature, science and mathematics. It is the struggle to prove one’s dominance in any field or territory that one may endeavour to occupy. So you see, dominance and submission move beyond simple territorial disputes and so does deference.”
“I understand,” I said.
“Now it is time for practice.”
“Practice?” I said. 
“Return to your room and come back in an hour. I’ll have everything ready for you.”
He stood up and left the room without another word, leaving me sitting at the desk, my mind feeling as if it were being stretched like an elastic band. I slowly crouched forward over the desk absently, as my thoughts tumbled over new ground. The long strands that had once been my thoughts were now going in circles in a way they had never before. Whereas in the past contradiction had caused my mind to disregard the reasoning of such thoughts, now I found all my thoughts becoming vast circles, covering the same ground over and over again. 
After a few minutes, I noticed that Two had left the door open. I stood, feeling slightly dizzy. I steadied myself against the wood of the desk. When I felt secure on my feet, I walked toward the door and stepped into the light. To my left the hallway stretched back to my room. Not feeling the least bit curious about the rest of the facility, I walked back to my room. It was easy to find, and the door was unlocked. I entered my room and sat down on the bed, struggling to comprehend the contradictions that had captured my thoughts. I sat there for a long time, unable to think, unable to move, unable to reason.
I laid down on the bed; my eyes fixed on the bottom of the bunk above me. I tried to relax, but my mind would not allow me to. I couldn’t think of anything except the odd experiments that I had been required to undergo. I couldn’t stop thinking about my reflection in that mirror, the way that the skin above my lips had seemed like that of a cat. And then, after the image had faded from my memory, the face that I was familiar with seeing returned. It was the face that I knew Ariana was used to seeing. It was face that held memories and associations that I had been told to forget. I was starting to realize that perhaps the appearance of my face was as phantasmal as the cat had been. Perhaps, I had always looked upon that face as if it were mine, when it was in reality the face that my Ariana saw, and my parents saw, and my classmates and teachers saw. Perhaps they each had contributed in a small way to that image, tailored to reflect the judgments and opinions about me that they kept to themselves. Perhaps this imprinting was responsible for the way that I saw myself. Perhaps every time I looked in the mirror, others got deeper into the depths of my mind.
If there had been a mirror in the room, I would have stood and looked at myself in it, trying as I might to comprehend the contradiction. But, perhaps mercifully, there was no mirror to look at and I was left with the contradictions and the knowledge that nothing was ever going to be the same again.




Chapter 5




I looked at my watch for the hundredth time just as the minute hand flicked forward signifying that an hour had passed. Although I had been stunned, discombobulated, disoriented by my encounter with Two, now I felt a strange eagerness, a sudden and uncontrollable desire to understand that of which I had only a glimpse. I stood up, righting my uniform, removing the wrinkles that had formed during my brief respite. When I felt centered and focused, I left the room.
I made my way down the hallway, passing another man in a JSS uniform. The man didn’t so much as glance in my direction, but out of curiosity, I looked at his face. I didn’t recognize him, but once again I saw that blank look, empty of any emotion. After a few seconds, I was back at the doorway to the interview room. I stepped into the room. 
Two was sitting at the desk, reading a file. He didn’t move when I entered the room, but he immediately spoke.
“Please sit down, Number 1.”
I walked over to the desk and sat down opposite Number 2. He didn’t look up from what he was reading, so I didn’t say anything. But in the light of the screen, which was on to my right, I could see he was a hulking man, with large shoulders. I waited for him to say something as I sat, curious but not impatient. I knew that I had plenty of time to learn.
“We are going to work on a little exercise,” he said, putting his folder down on the desk.
“Okay,” I replied.
“I want you to turn your chair and look at the screen.”
I did as I was instructed. I stood up and turned the chair, and then sat down again. As I did so Two stood up and walked over to the opposite wall turning on a small music player. The room filled with the sound of Crickets at night, as if we were sitting on a backyard patio at midnight. I listened to the sounds intently as I waited for Two to speak again. Instead, he walked over to the screen and turned toward me. He was holding a controller in his hand. 
He said: “This exercise is to assist you in identifying the signs of deference.”
“What is deference?” I said.
He continued as if I hadn’t spoken. “Deference is created by self-consciousness, but it is most readily observable to the untrained eye as submission.” He paused.
“The goal of this exercise is to begin to develop your ability to perceive deference by starting with your innate understanding of the basic language of sociality.”
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair. I had no idea what he was talking about. I said: “So what do you want me to do exactly?”
“I want you to watch this group of people in ordinary conversation. I want you to read the body language of the people and listen to their tone. I want you to try to tell me as much as you can about the group, including who the dominant, who is submissive and which of them are in a relationship.”
It sounded easy enough now that he explained it, so I nodded at him. I turned my attention to the video. He stepped back to the wall by the door and turned the light off. As he did so, he flicked the button on the controller and the video started.
	Immediately, the screen flashed to a cafeteria. In this cafeteria there was a single long table where two men and a woman were eating. The men and women were wearing street clothes, not uniforms, and it could have been taken just about anywhere in the NAU. At first, they weren’t talking. It appeared that they were just sitting down to eat their lunches. 
	I focused on the group, trying to notice anything helpful. The woman was wearing a red ribbon in her hair. She had a blue sweater on and a long skirt, with black stockings. She was pretty but not exceptionally so. She had brown eyes and pale white skin. The two men were of similar size and build. One had wavy, light brown hair. The other had black hair cut close and spiked up at the front. The men were sitting opposite each other and the woman was sitting about five inches from the man with the black hair.  
	The man with the black hair was sitting erect with his hands resting near his food. He moved forward, resting his elbows on the table, as he spoke: “I was looking forward to Mr. Poztel’s discussion of the Gulf War. I’d heard that he has some pretty crazy stories.” 
	The man with brown hair had been sitting with his body hunched over the table. When the first man spoke to him, he smiled and said: “Probably half of them are made up.” 
The woman laughed. The man with brown hair, still leaning on the table, turned toward the woman, who was looking straight ahead. He said: “I can’t believe Cathy lost it on him like that. I’d never seen someone make her so angry.”
	The man with black hair interrupted: “Cathy has a bit of a temper. It’s not the first time someone has rubbed her the wrong way.”
	The man with brown hair nodded, then, looking at the woman, he said: “Do you think Cathy is going to get suspended?”
	The woman turned toward the man with brown hair. Facing him, she looked downward. She said: “I wouldn’t put it past Principal Gecko.”
	The eyes of the man with black hair rested on the man with brown hair. The man with brown hair shifted his weight away from the table, sitting erect once again, while he ate his food.
	The video faded to black. In the back of the room, Two turned the lights on and the music player off. He walked over to the desk and sat down. I stood up and picked up the chair, reorienting it toward the desk. When I sat opposite him, his eyes rested on mine. His expression didn’t change. After a few seconds he spoke.
	“So how many Crickets were there?”
	“I’m sorry?” I said incredulously.
	“The Crickets. How many Crickets were there?”
	“I thought I was supposed to watch the video.”
	“You were.”
	“Then how am I supposed to know how many Crickets there were?”
	“The social dialectic.”
	I tried not to look flabbergasted. I slouched in my chair, feeling irritable, but containing the feeling, preventing it from twisting my expression. I exhaled deeply.
	“Think back, Number 1. You have the social dialectic which means that your attention should be like water, filling the whole room.”
	I let my mind relax as I struggled to find the moment before he had turned on the screen. After a few seconds of thought, I began to feel a sense of familiarity. For some strange reason, I could not explain, I knew what he was talking about. My eyes and my mind were focused on the screen, on the task at hand, but my attention had moved like a fluid, flowing across the concrete floor, encapsulating the speakers which spread their vibration through me, even flowing over the body of Two, and finally, surrounding the screen. 
I had not lost my sense of myself as I watched the video. I had not lost time, the way I would had I been watching a film. I had remained totally aware of every sound in the room, even though my mind was occupied with what I was seeing.
	“There were three Crickets in the recording.”
	“Excellent.”
	“Now, what you must learn Number 1 is that every movement, every gesture, a person makes, is social communication and a reflection of either dominance or submission.”
	“Now, tell me about the video.”
	I turned toward him. “The girl is going out with the brown haired guy. The black haired guy is the dominant one.”
	“Now, why?”
	“It was the way that the girl looked down when the brown haired guy looked at her...”
	“And what about the dominant one?”
	I answered right away. “The black haired guy kept his elbows on the table after the brown haired guy put his on the table. And then, the brown haired guy backed down by taking his weight off the table.”
	“He lost a territorial dispute, yes?”
	“Yes,” I said.
“You will learn that physical territoriality is one of the most useful and common ways to create deference. Invading a person’s physical space creates self-consciousness that can be exploited.”
	“What is deference?” I said.
	“It’s very simple, Number 1. Do you remember imprinting?”
	“Imprinting demonstrates that there exists a link between the unconscious of every person. Deference is the word that we use to describe a one-directional pathway from one person to another.”
	“Now, in our example, the pathway is created in response to social tension, when the attention of the deferent becomes self-consciously fixed on the intentions of dominant. This tension is released when the submissive reacts to diffuse it by unconsciously acting to accommodate those intentions or socially by adopting a submissive posture or facial expression. Because this motion is unconscious it conditions a lack of attention to the movement itself. This inattention is preserved in the self-concept of the submissive, which reduces his ability to perform a complex intentional task that requires a focused attention. With the loss of this attention, the movements of the submissive become increasingly unintentional and reactive. The person loses, for example, the ability to use hand and body language to express their thoughts.”
	“I don’t understand,” I said.
	He opened his hands above the desk. “Deference shifts free attention from the submissive to the dominant. It conditions the unconscious attention of the submissive to the intentional attention of the dominant. The submissive’s ability to intentionally act is reduced because he loses the attention necessary to do so, because it is focused on the dominant’s actions. The dominant receives the attention that the submissive has lost, allowing him to focus his attention on the execution of an intentional action.”
	“Why is the loss of one the gain of another?”
	“Dominance grants the right to have one’s intentions decide the outcome for the group. The dominant achieves greater attention because the dominant’s mind is freed from the conditioning of failure, resulting from the conditioning of one’s unconscious attention to the intentions of another.”
	His explanation made sense; it sounded like what he was saying was simply a reiteration of the social directive. Those in a lower social position are restricted from certain aspects of behaviour. The dominant are able to use their minds more effectively because they are not conditioned to fail. 
“Deference allows the dominant to subconsciously affect the feelings and behaviours of the submissive for his or her benefit through the power of suggestion. Whenever there is competition in the social grouping, the submissive is conditioned unconsciously by the group to fail, preserving the dominant’s social position. This is done by conditioning the submissive’s reward centres to the intentions of the dominant.”
“How do I know when I am acting out of deference or acting out of intention?”
“You’re asking the right question. Every time you do something unconsciously that benefits another to your detriment, that is deference.”
	I was starting to understand the point Two was trying to make. But I didn’t understand how everything I was being told fit together. I allowed myself to shift back in my chair as I thought. Two was watching me carefully, but his blank expression did not change. He was waiting for me to speak. 
	“There are three levels of deference,” he continued. “Each level corresponds to a different strength of reinforcement linked to its social significance. But the lower level phrases the higher. Meaning that preserving the higher requires the mind to unconsciously tailor the lower to fit the reinforcement.”
	“Facial imprinting is the strongest reinforcement and the hardest deference to break.”
	I interrupted. “The way that my face took on the shape of the animals - that was facial imprinting?” 
	“Exactly,” he replied. “Facial imprinting alters your self-image such that your perception of your facial appearance will literally adjust to fit the way others see you.”
	“It’s some kind of optical illusion...”
	“No. It’s quite real. I am not saying that your face will literally change in terms of its musculature or bone structure, but the way that your mind interprets what you see when you look in the mirror changes because of the way that your attention is drawn to different features. And once established, that perspective is stored in your muscle memory.”
	“Okay,” I managed.
	“The next level of deference is body image including posture, posing and timing. This level has the second highest social significance and the second strongest reinforcement.”
	“Finally, the last level is vocal deference. The cadence of one’s speech, the words one uses, the intonation, the emotion, all reflect deference.”
	“I understand, I think.”
	“Usually, you’ll be working from level two to undo the deference of level one. That is, altering body image to break facial imprinting. But sometimes, it is necessary to start at level three.”
	“I think I get it, but could you give me an example?”
	“Alright,” he said thoughtfully. “Think back to our example on imprinting. When I told you to look in the mirror, when you saw each of the animals overlaid on your facial features, did you notice that you could only see the imprint from a particular angle?”
	“You mean, if I changed the angle at which I looked at my face, I couldn’t see the image any longer?” I replied carefully.
	“Exactly.”
	I thought about what he was saying to me. Suddenly, it all clicked and the words came tumbling out. 
	“So you are saying that the way that I was looking into the mirror, my posture, my body posing, must fit a certain pattern to preserve the imprint – to preserve the particular perspective of my own features... And if it was incorporated into my self-concept I would unconsciously move to preserve that angle.”
	“Excellent,” he said enthusiastically, clapping his palm on the table. “Ordinarily, we would require you, as part of your training, to keep a Postural Journal, to assist you in cataloguing all your social poses and postures, so as to make it easier to break deference by eliminating postural changes or the infiltration of submissive poses into your self-concept. But I’ve received instructions that your training is to be more hands-on.”
	I thought of asking him to elaborate, but I didn’t particularly relish the idea of having to do homework. I let the question go and moved on to a new thought.
	“What does my attention have to do with the social dialectic?” I asked, feeling more confident.
	“Everything. The social dialectic frees you from the burden of deference – the burden of others’ thoughts. It reverses the process of attention splintering, which is the end result of a gradual built up of deference to a number of different people. The social dialectic frees your attention, releasing you from the conditioning of failure.” 
“Understanding the social dialectic requires that one recognize the contradiction of self; the reality that our self is composed of two opposing forms, one arising out of our own rationalizations and one arising out of how others rationalize us. Ordinarily these two forms would be intermingled. But realizing that there is a part of us that is not us enables us to disregard a whole catalogue of behaviours and feelings as outside us. The gradual shedding of these behaviours leaves a space within our minds, which becomes filled in a temporary way each and every time we engage in a social exchange with another person. Just as your mind revealed to you that those Afflicted saw you as a cat, an owl and a horse, you will begin to use the rationalizations applied to you as insight into the minds of others.”
	“So, if those Afflicted were ordinary people, the way that they saw me would become visible to me when I looked in the mirror, preserved in my body image, posing and posture?” I said slowly.
	“Yes, but soon you won’t need a mirror in order to see inside their minds. Deference creates a one-directional pathway, but common feelings create a two-directional gateway between the unconsciousness of two minds. This is because common feelings are transcribed by the brain into common memories in the collective unconscious.” 
	“When your awareness begins to fill the space created by the social dialectic, the opening of a gateway will allow your awareness to flow into the minds of others through the collective unconscious. Once this happens, they will only be able to keep you out through hatred. So, using your awareness is a risk. An inward facing mind corrupts the common memory which created the gateway.”
	“The memory disturbance...?” I asked.
	“Exactly. The memory disturbance results from deference: the corruption of common memories in the collective unconscious.”
	“I think I understand.” I said cautiously. “You’re saying that when people experience the same feeling at the same time, it creates a passageway between their minds... Like a...”
	“A road,” he said it at the same time I did.
	“Exactly,” he added. He was waiting for me to speak again.
	“And deference... is a one way street,” I added.
	He nodded. “Once the social dialectic has emptied your mind of your emotions, you will discover that you can identify the influence of others by noting when your actions, feelings and behaviour do not reflect your intentions. And because you no longer have emotions to express, you will know that every emotion arises from deference.” 
	“So you’re saying that every time I express an emotion, it will be because of a suggestion, a rationalization, that someone has sent me through deference or the gateway?”
	“Yes. Once the social dialectic frees you from your ego, every emotion that you express can be used to infer the thoughts of others, just as you did imprinting with the Afflicted. Once you are free of your ego, you will be able to stop yourself from becoming.”
	“I understand,” I said. “I think I’m really starting to get this.”
	“That’s good, Number 1. We’ve covered a lot of ground in a few days. You still have a lot to learn, but you’ve made amazing progress. You were well chosen. I anticipate that you will be an effective member of the JSS before long.”
	“What’s next?” 
	“Next? Next is lunch. You can join your fellow Acolytes in the cafeteria. You’ve earned your freedom. Over the next few days, you will have to adjust to the new experience of the social dialectic. I warn you, things will be different for you now. You should soon begin to experience the thoughts of others. You will find your own feelings, should you lose control, hard to control. Things will seem confusing. You will learn to depend upon the social dialectic. It will be the calm inside the storm of your mind.” Cassandra is going to make a fool out of you.
	“I’m sorry?” I said.
	“I said: the social dialectic will be a source of calm,” Two replied.
	“Who is Cassandra?” I asked.
	“Cassandra?” He shook his head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
	I watched his face intently, but it betrayed nothing. I felt tense. My back was sore from days spent lying upon a concrete slab. My eyes were still watery, irritated by the bright light in the room. Two seemed to be playing a game with me. 
	Two stood up and straightened his uniform. Without looking at me, he said: “You will find it difficult sometimes to distinguish between what people say and what they think.”
	“Good-bye, Number 1. This concludes my portion of your training.”
	Two turned and left the room without another word. I was alone, left sitting at the desk, struggling to understand the odd sensations which flooded my mind. I felt as if the vibrations in the room were echoing through my body. It was a calming feeling, but totally foreign to me. As I breathed in and out, I could feel a kind of air rising to my head and falling through my body to the floor. As I rested my hands on my thighs, I felt almost as if I had sunk a foot or two into the floor, which I knew was impossible. Outside in the hallway, I could hear the buzzing of the halogen lamps running down the middle of the ceiling as if it were right near my head.
	“What is happening to me?” I said. My voice echoed down the hallway, piercing the ambient sound.
	I let my face fall into my hands as I tried to digest what I had been told. After a few minutes, I let a deep breath out of my mouth. I stood up, not quite feeling hungry, but feeling the need to do something, anything, to keep my mind from falling back into the new and vast chasm that my lessons had created. 
	I left the room, closing the door behind me. Just left of the interview rooms was a hallway that looked like it might go toward the cafeteria. I made my way down the hallway, searching for a door to the right. 
	After walking for a few minutes and not finding any doors to the right, I decided to try the next left and see where it led me. To my left was a pair of double doors with large aluminum handles. I pulled open the closest door – the one on the left. The door opened revealing a large auditorium that stretched to my right. There was stadium style seating along the floor, which sloped downward to a stage. The seats were all full of men wearing the blue uniform of the JSS. 	
	At the end of the auditorium, on the stage, a man was speaking. His voice was slightly muffled by the door, so I stepped into the auditorium, moving to my left so that I could stand under a balcony and listen. I let the door close quietly as I stepped into the shadows.
	“The evolutionary process is infused with the dialectical process. Nature creates the adaptation just as the thesis creates the antithesis. The creation of each new species occurs through the synthesis of a series of adaptations. Sex produces recombination, the synthesis of two dialectical parts, male and female. Particle physics is a manifestation of the laws of dialectics. Matter and anti-matter, protons and anti-protons, each opposite destroying its antithesis. Civilization changes through contradiction, it evolves through dialectics, with each new antithesis comes a new synthesis. The dialectical process is behind all nature, science, logic and reason. And behind dialectics stands the social dialectic. Behind the social dialectic stands the JSS!”
	The auditorium burst into applause. The speaker at the front stood with his fist in the air, his face blank and expressionless. But the crowd was standing, clapping fervently. The enthusiasm of the men listening was audible. As the applause died down, the man started moving back and forth across the stage. The crowd returned to their seats as he began to speak again.
	“At every turning point in history. Behind every great invention. Imbedded in every great scientific theory. Every great scientist. Inside every great orator. Every great leader. At the center of every great religion. Behind every miracle. Behind every truth.”
	The man’s voice trailed off. The tension in the room was thick with suspense. The man turned toward the crowd and lifted his fist. 
He shouted: “The social dialectic!”
	The crowd erupted in cheers a second time. Everyone was on their feet, shouting and clapping. The speaker stood rigidly, his eyes on the sky above, as he waited for the applause to die down. 
	“We are the contradiction!” He shouted. The crowd replied: “We are change!”
	The men cheered again. I had heard enough. I stepped back toward the exit, pushing the door open as I stepped out of the shadows. Back in the hallway, I exhaled deeply, turning to my right to head back toward my room. As the sound of my boots echoed down the hallway, I felt apprehensive. I felt like a prisoner. I felt as if someone was looking for me – as if I was out of place. I felt a great anxiety building inside me. I had no idea what these people wanted. This place was strange and foreign. Their ideas contradicted everything that I had known and been taught growing up. I needed a place to sit down. I needed a place to think everything through. I felt as if I was spinning. I felt as if I was going to vomit.
	As I walked down the hallway, my eyes fell to the ground. I mumbled something to myself, something intended as reassurance, something my father might have said. There was a shadow stretching across the floor, right where I was stepping. 
	“Watch where you’re going Acolyte.” A woman’s voice said. 
	My eyes rose from the floor but by that time it was too late to prevent myself from slamming into the woman. Her body fell to the ground beneath me, my face landing an inch from hers, with my legs between her legs. As I gazed down at her, she had a blank look on her face, as if she were watching a bird pick at some food between two stones. My face went red and I stammered inaudibly.
	Finally, she said: “Helping me up would be the correct response.”
	I pulled myself to my feet and took hold of her hands, lifting her up. She was a small woman and easy to lift. As she smoothed out her uniform, she watched me from the corner of her eye. When she had removed the dust from her clothes, she walked right up to me, her eyes staring deeply into mine from about an inch away. 
	“You’re from Yellowknife. I remember you. Number 1.”
	The woman had dark black hair that was just above her shoulders. Her face was pretty but pale. She had a small upturned nose, with nostrils that seemed to flare periodically. Her eyes were brown and gold, shimmering in the light. I couldn’t breathe as my eyes caught hers. 
	“Are you mute or have you fallen in love?”
	“I’m sorry,” I stammered. “I apologize.”
	“No need. If you’re looking for the cafeteria it is on the other side of the building. ” He’s still got a soul. It would be a pity to waste it.
	“My soul?” I said stupidly.
	Her expression didn’t change, but she turned toward me, bringing her face square with mine. She brought her hands together and exhaled deeply. When she was finished, her eyes seemed to have become dull and her skin ghostly pale as if she were wearing a mask. She gazed straight ahead even though I stood almost a foot taller than her.
	“Try to read me again, Acolyte.”
	“I don’t know what you mean,” I replied, dumbfounded. 
	“You are a very fast learner, Number 1. I chose well. But you still have much to learn...” She paused, watching me intently without speaking. 
	“When you have a moment this evening, I’d like to teach you something.”
	I was caught off guard by the invitation, which sounded more like an order.
	“How will I find you?” I said, feeling slightly apprehensive.
	“I will find you.” 
	She turned and walked away without saying another word. I ran my hand through my hair, trying to decide whether I’d just made a huge mistake. This woman had a predatory look to her; it was a look that I was familiar with growing up in Yellowknife. I frequently saw the same look among some of the more persistent women I’d gone to high school with when I was a junior. It usually meant that I was going to get cornered. I’d come up with a hundred excuses to extricate myself from uncomfortable situations before, but never in the military, and never with a superior officer. I had no idea what the proper protocol was. I was hesitant to accept that I was now responsible for impregnating members of the matriarchy. After all, I wasn’t even finished my training. 
	As the seconds passed, I managed to convince myself that she would probably just teach me something that one of the other trainers had forgotten. I knew that I was going to have to face uncomfortable situations soon, but not yet, I hoped. After a few seconds of brooding, I decided to add it to the pile of questions that rested just inside my mind, waiting to consume me with anxiety. 
	I started walking back in the direction from which I had come earlier. After a few seconds, I passed my quarters while looking for the cafeteria. I came to another hallway, and I turned left. I kept walking, passing by another Acolyte in a blue uniform I recognized as Number 14; he didn’t so much as glance in my direction. Finally, after turning down a second hallway, I found the door that led into the cafeteria. The room was beginning to empty as it was after 1 o’clock, and I was happy to have missed the crowd. 
	As I stepped into the room I could see about a dozen tables interspersed against the wall to my left populated by small groups of men in blue uniforms. The echoes of boisterous conversation hit me like a wave. To my right, there was a short line up of people waiting for food from a grill. Behind the grill stood a man in a blue uniform with a stained white apron, using a ladle to hand out liquefied meat and other inedible food. His face was expressionless but for sweat flowing down his forehead, which seemed to leave a slight discolouration to his skin.
	I walked over to the grill and picked up a tray, standing behind a short stocky man with an orange spiky haircut. I waited as he spoke to the man in front of him, not paying any attention to his plate. As the rest of the line moved forward, leaving the talking pair behind, I tried to push my tray into the tray in front of me, so that he would notice he was blocking the line. Instead, he half looked at me, still talking, and continued to block my path. Out of irritation, I slammed my tray into his, sending it scuffling off the metal rails and onto the floor.
	“Hey, what’s your problem?” The man said, turning around.
	“You’re blocking the rest of the line.”
	He looked behind me. “There’s no one else in line,” he said, gesturing with a silly look on his face. You don’t count new fish.
	There it was again. I was starting to realize that if I focused on people’s mouths, I could distinguish what I was hearing from what they were thinking.
	“I’m in line,” I said.
	The man turned toward his friend. “This asshole thinks he owns the place.” He needs a good ass kicking.
	“Move it along, Cheetos.” A voice said behind me.
	I turned around, noting Kendry standing behind me. Holding a white bun in his hand, he gave the guy with the orange spiky haircut a shove.
	“Don’t call me that, new fish.” Cheetos replied. 
	Kendry picked up another bun and stuck it in his mouth. With his free hand he gave Cheetos another, stronger shove, mumbling incoherently: “Move it along.” I’m hungry and I’m a few seconds from kicking you in the side of your head.
	The man shook his head with a snide smile and turned back to face his friend. 
	Kendry was pushing me forward, grumbling with food in his mouth. I nearly fell into Cheetos as he picked up his tray off the floor. Then Cheetos’ friend gave him a shove, as the cook dropped a slop of brown watery stew onto his plate, sending liquid onto the blue plastic.
	I waited irritably as Kendry hovered beside me, looking through the glass and trying to decide which gummy old piece of meat he would ask for when it was his turn. He seemed oblivious to the fact that he was standing extremely close to me, sticking his head right beside mine and breathing on me. I tried not to tell him to get lost, instead using my shoulder to slam him lightly in the head as I pushed my tray down the line. He didn’t seem to get the hint, simply switching to my right shoulder and acting twice as irritating.
	With the slop on my plate I happily walked over to a table to get away from Kendry, taking a seat about two feet from a pair of men from my unit. They were busy talking about their training, so I decided to eat and listen. 
	“What’d you think of the lesson on controlling your angles?” The taller darker skinned one I knew to be Number 18 said.
	“Makes sense but I don’t see what the big deal is. What difference does it make if I don’t turn my head.” Number 12 replied. Sounds like a bunch of nonsense.
	“It’s all about controlling your attention, making sure that you don’t let your unconscious actions undermine your intentions.” Eighteen said matter-of-factly. Twelve is such a moron.
	“I get the purpose of it. I just don’t see why we’re being taught this stuff. What difference does it make whether I can maintain my concentration when I’m walking down a street?” He was holding a chicken wing absently as he spoke. I’m Number Twelve and your Number Eighteen, so don’t act like your better than me.
	“That was just the example,” Eighteen replied dismissively. “I’m guessing at some point we’ll be doing a job where concentration is the difference between life and death.” Maybe you’ll be stationed somewhere in the Arctic.
	“Well, all I know is that I can’t wait for this Praxis stuff to be over with so we can move onto the combat training.” He finished the wing and dropped it on the plate. I only joined up for the women.
	Eighteen shook his head. “It’s like martial arts, Twelve. You need to understand the mental stuff in order to succeed with the combat training. That’s the reason we’re being taught this.” It’s better than eating by myself.
	Eighteen had started to notice that I was crooning forward, staring at his lips, my eyes wide every time he spoke. I interrupted him, trying to act naturally. 
	“What does controlling your angles mean?” 
	Eighteen turned to me. “It was one of the first lessons we did. You don’t remember?” Hey it’s Panda. I wonder if he’s had any bamboo lately.
	“I’ve been stuck in a jail cell for three days,” I replied.
	Number 12 looked at me. “A jail cell? What’d you do?” Sounds like high school all over again.
	“Nothing as far as I know,” I leaned forward. “You mean to tell me the rest of you have been in a classroom for the last three days?” 
	“We weren’t in a jail cell, that’s for sure.” Eighteen laughed. Idiot probably locked himself in a broom closet.
	It was getting increasingly difficult for me to continue listening without showing it; I was going to have to learn to control my emotions or people would think I’d lost it. Eighteen gave Twelve a sarcastic smirk and they went back to talking while ignoring me. I didn’t mind. I wasn’t in the mood for more chit-chat. I was being singled out; there was something odd going on, and I didn’t like it. If the rest of my group was being treated like human beings what was the point of starving me and humiliating me? And now I had “Cassandra” to worry about. Something didn’t smell right. 
	“Did you two go to that rally earlier this morning?” I interrupted.
	Eighteen looked at me blankly. “Yeah everybody went... What’d you think about that dialectics stuff?” Probably went over his head.
	“It’s Communism,” I said.
	“No it isn’t,” Twelve said, taking a bite of his mashed potatoes. Missed the first lesson. It was the only one I was actually paying attention to.
	“Yes, it is,” I said. “You didn’t take history in high school?”
	Eighteen was watching me. “You obviously missed the first lesson.” Maybe he was in the broom closet.
	“What lesson?”
	“The social dialectic is not Communist. The JSS is a democratic organization.” I’m not a Communist. 
	“Dialectics is Communist,” I said.
	“Dialectics began with Hegel,” Twelve said absently as he licked his fork. Or bagel or something like that.
	“Listen, Number 1, right?” Eighteen leaned in closer. He said: “The social dialectic is older than Communism. It’s older than Christ. It’s fate. It’s divine providence. It’s the guardian of history. All rolled up into one.” Do your readings and keep your dumb comments to yourself.
	“What I want to know,” Twelve said, dropping his fork on the plate. “Is when we learn how to use it.” It’s Power.
	“You haven’t been told what the social dialectic is yet?” I said.
	“Nope,” Twelve said. “I guess they’re leaving that part for last.” 
	Eighteen was watching me, staring at me, a question written on his face. I leaned back, suddenly smiling to myself in satisfaction. I’d been given unique training that had set me apart from the rest of my unit. I felt relieved to know that I wasn’t just being punished for the sake of it. 
	The longer the conversation went on the easier it was for me to control my emotions, to prevent those around me from becoming aware of what was happening. The training, for whatever reason, had worked its magic. Either I was in the midst of a psychotic hallucination or I was a mind reader. 
	“I’m done, Eighteen. Let’s get out of here.” Twelve said.
	Eighteen picked up his tray and stepped by me. Twelve followed him, looking back at me as he said: “See you around.” Dickwad.
	I was left staring into the liquid on my plate as my mind filled with new questions. It was clear that I had been given unique training. It might have been as a result of my number, but that was a question in and of itself. For whatever reason, the JSS trainers had decided to give me a firsthand experience of the social dialectic. As much as I hated spending three days locked in a jail cell in the dark, I much preferred learning firsthand about what it meant to be a Red Hawk than sitting in a classroom all day, learning about long dead philosophers and dialectical theory. At least I’d been given the chance to actually do something. 
	I took a bite from the gummy meat and chewed slowly, trying to keep my tongue from touching the meat so I wouldn’t have to taste it. After a few seconds of that I changed my mind and spat it on the plate. I ate some soggy bread and some peas and left my fork on the plate. I was hungry but I wasn’t desperate. I picked up my tray and walked over to the garbage, letting the goop slide into the trash. I placed the tray on top of the garbage and rubbed my hands clean. 
	I was curious about the rest of my unit so I decided to follow Twelve and Eighteen back to their classes. I began to walk quickly, tossing open the double doors as I brushed past a couple of older JSS. Outside, I looked to my left, which was an open hallway, before turning right. Ahead, about fifty feet down the hallway, Twelve and Eighteen turned a corner. I followed them until I stood next to a door, which was open about an inch. I leaned up against the wall, next to the door, and listened.
	“To repeat...” I could make out loud and clear the monotone voice of a trainer, a woman, speaking to the class. I pressed myself closer so that my ear was right next to the opening. 
	“The dialectical process involves a simple series of steps. First, the thesis, which, in Maralis notation we represent as a line. Second, the antithesis, in contradiction and tension with the first, which is represented as a perpendicular line, making our diagram the shape of a T. Finally, comes the synthesis also known as the third way, which releases the tension of the contradiction and produces a new potentiality. We represent this in Maralis notation as a new line naught: a T with a zero beside it.”
	“The dialectical process is the process of evolution, the movement of simple ideas to complex ideas. It is the primary pattern of human consciousness and produces the progression of knowledge by incremental steps. The improvement of scientific knowledge relies upon the dialectical process. So, the dialectical process leads to truth. It is the manner by which ignorance and apostasy is uncovered and removed from the collective imagination.”
	“As such, the dialectical process must be safeguarded. It must be protected from those who would seek to control the masses by way of ignorance, preventing the natural course of the evolution of human knowledge. More importantly, within the human being, the dialectical process, by governing our scientific advancement, will ultimately determine the future course of mankind’s biological evolution. The dialectical process is irrepressible, but it is possible to delay it. Safeguarding the dialectical process is the primary social policy of the JSS. Only by safeguarding the process of our evolution can we ensure that humanity survives the apocalypse of the never ending heat.”
	“Wherever there is ignorance, we become light; wherever there is delay, we produce progress. Your job, as JSS officers, is to ensure that dialogue continues, so as to promote the evolution of the debate. We have called you change because that is what you are. Your role is to prevent any impediments to progress, by finding and cutting out those who would seek a claim to absolute truth.”
	I took a step back from the doorway, shuddering; for a moment I had felt a cold shiver run down my spine. Inside, the teacher had gone silent, and I had the sneaking suspicion that my presence had been noticed. I immediately pushed off the wall and began to walk back toward my quarters. As I passed the door, it opened slightly. I kept moving, keeping my eyes forward. 
	Once I was twenty feet away, I exhaled in relief. I was going to have to try to get some shut-eye. After being locked in a jail cell for three days, I wasn’t going to take the chance that this lesson might end up being another form of torture. I couldn’t prepare for something without knowing what it was, but I could be rested. I’d see about getting a shower and a few hours of sleep. Hopefully, I had enough time to relax and pretend that my whole life wasn’t turned upside down. 
	I walked back to my room without incident and passed out in my uniform face down on the pillow. My mind was confused and I slipped in and out of wakefulness. I did not enjoy the sleep, which was shallow and filled with anxiety and formless nightmares.
	I awoke feeling as if I hadn’t slept. I took a glance at my watch as I pushed myself up off the bed; it was almost dinnertime. The room had no windows so I couldn’t tell if the sun had set, but I knew that I was going to be visited at some point by the trainer I’d walked into. I decided to have a quick shower. I stepped into the bathroom and turned the hot water on. After I got the water to a good temperature, I jumped in and washed myself quickly. I turned off the taps and pulled a towel from above the toilet, wrapping myself in it. I opened the door to my room, rubbing my head absently with the towel. I dried myself and put on a clean uniform that I found in the closet. As I finished dressing I heard a voice.
	“I’m ready for you now.” 
	I turned around. It was the trainer I had bumped into in the hallway standing in my doorway. 
	“Hello,” I said. 
	She didn’t smile. 
	“I’ll be waiting for you in my quarters on the floor above this: Room 849. Take your time.”
	She left the doorway, and I started breathing again. I sat down on the bed, rubbing my forehead. There really wasn’t anything to say. This woman had total control. Standing up, I straightened out my uniform and left the room. 
	It was easy enough to find her apartment once I’d made it to the right floor. The stairs were the hard part. I found them after a long search next to the cafeteria behind an unmarked door. I ended up opening the door to the rooms of four other Acolytes, who gave me dirty looks. Once I’d found the stairs, I made my way up. On the next floor, I turned and walked to my right. As I passed the first door, I could see the numbers were counting up, and I knew I was going the right way. I turned the corner and found the apartment.
	I stood outside the door for thirty seconds, hesitating. It opened and there she was staring at me with those cold beautiful eyes. 
	“There you are.” 
	She was wearing a tight red dress with a floral pattern to the fabric. She opened the door, and I stepped into the room, trying to seem relaxed. 
	The apartment was not large. In fact, it wasn’t much larger than my room. There was a small kitchen near a single window and the bathroom door. There was a larger queen size bed in the corner. In between the bed and the kitchen was a table with cutlery and plates. In between the plates two candles sent soft light into the otherwise dark interior. 
	“I’ve had a dinner specially ordered for us,” she said. She walked slowly over to the kitchen where there was a tray with a metal covering on it.
	“Sounds good,” I said.
	“Take a seat.”
	I sat down, maybe a little bit too quickly. She lifted the tray of food and brought it over to the small table. I picked up one of the covered plates and placed it in front of me. She did the same. When she was sitting opposite me, she spoke.
	“I’m going to be honest with you.” She was looking down at her plate.
“I chose you as Number 1 because you have the qualities that I am looking for.”
	She continued: “You have to understand, it is very difficult to find someone like yourself in our society. Someone with principles.”
	I didn’t know what to say to her, so I smiled anxiously. 
	“Something that I have discovered is that people and especially men will be as good or as bad as society allows them to…”
	I didn’t say anything. I could see where she was going and it was making my stomach churn. I tried hard to keep my expression dispassionate.
“In a society like ours, where women outnumber available men ninety-nine to one, the end result is that in the end all men end up thinking the same way. In truth, it is probably just human nature. I can hardly blame them for their humanity.” She left a long pause. 
I wondered if I was supposed to say something.
	She looked up at me with a small, sad smile on her face. “I’m going to make an exception for you, Number 1.”
	She reached under the table and pulled out a long file folder, placing it gently on the table. Stunned, I tried not to show it. I exhaled under my breath. She gently nudged the folder with her hand. 
	“Read it.”
	I reached across the table and picked up the folder. I opened it in front of me. On the left side of the folder was a picture of me with biographical details. I read through it quickly, noting that it included a list of my friends, associates, extracurricular activities and hobbies. On the right side of the folder was a collection of documents. I started to flip through them. They contained details about me that I had never told anyone. My biography was so specific it included my history of downloads, both innocuous and suggestive, up to and including my most recent internet searches. It included personal information gleamed from my social networking accounts and email. It included summaries of my likes and dislikes, school work, my grades, and comments about class participation. The deeper into the pile I went the more specific, the more frightening the information. 
	There was a psychological report prepared by a JSS Sciences Division psychologist named Hans Friedman. The report summary described deviant/subversive tendencies including a predilection for religion and tradition, monogamy and the missionary position. There was a personality profile which detailed my interests, from the most banal to the least, using every single website I had ever visited, every email I had ever written, every controversial statement I had ever made. There was a report detailing my deviant opinions as catalogued by my high school counsellor and teachers. The conclusion of the report read:

	The subject fits profile Z-2. He exhibits all the associated traits of the Afflicted except the disease itself. Unlike other resistant subjects, this man appears to not possess the hypermasculinity typical of disease resistance. I can only conclude that he a genetic anomaly, a resistant who possesses the same genetic profile as the religious, without the associated vulnerability to the disease. In my opinion, he will be unable to cope with his role and the policy of propagation. He will find it difficult to integrate socially and may never be able to escape his sexual limitations. He should not be considered for a position in the JSS as he is totally unsuitable. I would suggest that he be sent to a medical institution for further study, as he may prove more useful as a research subject.

	I let the file fall from my eyes to the table. I couldn’t hide the shock that I felt. It was as if my entire life were summarized and annotated, available for review to any member of the JSS. I felt embarrassed and exposed. I resisted the strong urge to drop the file and leave the room. 
	I took a deep breath. The woman sitting across from me was watching my reaction carefully. Her expression was unreadable. I felt like throwing the file in her face. My embarrassment was quickly turning into anger. I felt betrayed. It made me question my patriotism and my country. I had thought we lived in a democracy. I had thought that I was free.
	“It is shocking, I understand.” She said. “But it really shouldn’t be. Every piece of information in that dossier is in the public domain. Are you surprised that your government records such information? Would it shock you to know that the NAU government is one of dozens of organizations that have that kind of information about you and every other person in this country?”
	“I can’t believe this.” I said quietly.
	“Well, you’re in the JSS now. It really shouldn’t bother you. That was a past life. Not who you are anymore, yes?”
	“What does profile Z-2 mean?” I asked hesitantly.
	“It is your consumer profile.”
	“What does that mean?”
	“It is a profile that you have been assigned based upon your beliefs, feelings, interests, background, education, aptitudes, and most importantly, the common good.”
	“Assigned by who?” 
	“Every choice you make. Every product you purchase. Every newspaper article you read. Every file you access on the internet. They are all consumer choices. Even your choice of Ariana is a consumer choice.”
	“What does it mean that my profile is Z-2?”
	“There are only 106 different consumer profiles. Once you have been assigned a profile, your interaction with media and social interaction with others becomes synchronized digitally by your biomimetic chip. Your vocal frequency, facial appearance and body-image are fixed electronically. Your interactions are automated making you economically predictable.”
	My mind immediately recalled my lessons on the three levels of imprinting. I spoke:
	“Imprinting...”
	“Yes,” she interrupted. “The process is now automated.” 
	“Really,” she continued. “It shouldn’t come as a surprise to you. Automation is the price of progress.”
	I tried not to shout at her, but I am sure my face showed my confusion, which was slowly giving way to anger. This was not the kind of country that I thought I lived in.
	“Why was I selected for the JSS if you had this report?”
	She reached for the dossier. 
	I handed it to her reluctantly. 
	“Because you are everything the others are not and you are exactly what I needed.” She put the dossier onto the floor beside her.
	“Now,” she said. “Let’s have dinner.” It wasn’t a suggestion.
	I picked the plastic cover up off my plate. The food looked slightly more edible than my lunch had, and so I picked up my fork and started to work at the meat. She had begun to pour us each a glass of wine. I didn’t say anything. My mind was racing. My heart was pounding. 
	I ate in silence for a few minutes as I tried to digest the information in the dossier. After a while the anger started to fade. What she had told me made sense. In reality, everything we did electronically was probably available to anyone who really wanted to know. I had no idea why I expected that I would have privacy. I guess I was just like most people, believing that our democratic system and freedoms made us different. For me to feel betrayed was probably just naivety. Governments probably routinely needed such information to capture criminals and terrorists, for counter-espionage and other military applications. I should have probably guessed that the information was out there somewhere.
	“Try your wine,” she said.
	I looked up at her, taking the glass with my right hand. I tasted it cautiously. It was warm and full-tasting. The alcohol immediately relaxed me. By the time I put the glass down it was half empty. Alcohol was exactly what I needed.
	“Good?” She said.
	I nodded. 
	She smiled and went back to eating. I put my glass down and finished the meat on my plate. After a minute or so she spoke again.
	“I want you to know,” she said. “I think you are a good person.” With her right hand, she pulled her hair behind her shoulder, showing me her long, fine neck and her plunging neckline. 
I didn’t know what to say to her. The alcohol made it difficult for me to focus. I tried not to look like I was staring at her body. I couldn’t avoid it, so I looked down at my plate. 
	“There are many things that I can teach you,” she began. She leaned forward, resting her chin on her hand, the candlelight flickering in her cold blue eyes. I looked up, feeling self-conscious. I tried to control my eyes but they were moving on their own.
	“But you have to be willing…” She paused. 
She picked up a toothpick from a small glass beside the bottle of wine and speared an olive from her Greek salad. She lifted it to her lips, which surrounded a small mouth, and took it off the stick with her tongue.
	“To try new things,” she finished with a small smile.
	I was losing control of my thoughts. “I’m not sure what you mean.” I said, playing dumb. 
	Finally, I gave up. I rested my elbows on the table. My eyes were stuck staring into hers. 
	She slid back in her chair, picking up her knife and fork. She cut a long slice of meat and brought it to her lips. As she chewed, I tried to cover up the fact I was staring. I looked down at my plate and finished my potatoes.
	When she was finished eating the meat, she put her knife and fork down and put her hands behind her back, gathering up her long dark hair. She pulled out a long lacquered needle from between her breasts and used it to put her hair up. The light from the candle bathed her long slender neck and shoulders. 
	She caught my eyes which rested for a moment on her neck, and she smiled at me. I carefully finished the food on my plate. In the process I finished the wine in my glass. As I took the last bite, she caught me absently, longingly looking at the empty glass, and so she filled it again.
	“Thank you,” I said.
	She smiled at me again. I could see small dimples beside her mouth. I put my knife and fork down on the table and leaned forward. She was playing with her right earring, her eyes shamelessly on mine.
	After downing another glass of wine, I found my thoughts tumbling out of control. I said: “You have beautiful eyes.”
	She smiled, and then looked away, showing me the side of her face. She didn’t say anything. I was starting to feel a deep warmth inside me. As she moved, her face caught the candlelight perfectly, creating a prismatic rainbow around her face, highlighting her femininity. She finished her wine, leaning back as my eyes lingered. Her smile faded as she sat, calmly, looking down at her fingernails.
	“You’re not ready yet,” she said coldly.
	“Ready?” I said, my thoughts clouded by liquor.
	“The lesson’s over,” she replied.
	I leaned back in my chair, smiling, as if she was making a joke. She kept staring at her fingernails. After a few more seconds, the smile faded from my face, and I began to feel embarrassed. I went red as her eyes rose, capturing mine in their cold stare.
	“You thought I was interested in you.”
	I shook my head. “I don’t know what I thought.”
	“What have you learned, Acolyte?”
	I looked down at my plate, trying to control my emotions. I felt foolish and embarrassed. She was a senior officer and she had told me this was a lesson. I don’t know what I was thinking. It wasn’t like me. I didn’t know what to say her.
	“I’m sorry,” I said.
	“Don’t be sorry. Tell me what you learned.”
	“I learned…” I struggled for words. “I learned that I’m attracted to you.” I resigned myself to looking the fool.
	She smiled, although it was clear to me that she didn’t do it intentionally because it quickly slipped off her face.
	“Not exactly what I was looking for.”
	Her face was blank and expressionless as ever. She said: “I’ll spell it out for you, Acolyte. You now know the language of submission.”
	“I’m sorry,” I said. I didn’t understand.
	“Every woman knows how to manipulate a man, because every woman knows how to make a man lose his self-control. It isn’t about the wine or the candlelight, although they help to create a mood. It isn’t about what we said or how we said it. It was about how I moved, how I drew your eyes to my body, how I turned your No into a Yes.”
	I let my eyes drift down to the table cloth as I thought about what she had said, but my thoughts were still fixed on her body. My mind had drifted far from the lessons of the other trainers. It didn’t help that I was slightly inebriated or that I was still unable to control my eyes. I tried to remember the lessons I had been given about dominance and submission. 
	After a few seconds of thought, I began to process the information. Her point was about body language. She had changed my mind by her body language. I had lost control. I drank too much wine. And I couldn’t control my eyes. I had leaned over the table like I was infatuated, letting my eyes roam over her body. 
	“You used your body language to turn me on,” I said bluntly.
	“No, Number 1. I used my body language to submit.”
	I exhaled deeply as I let go of the feelings that she had churned up. I tried to focus my thoughts on the lesson.
	“I understand,” I said.
	“I don’t think you do. But you are starting to. What people say is important. But body language is the key to deference. You probably didn’t notice that you could not read me. The reason you could not read me is that my submission was simulated. I was intentionally giving you the impression you were receiving deference, while in reality you were getting no such thing.”
	“Are you saying it was an act?” I replied.
	“It is called: directed deference. It means that you thought you were receiving deference, which would place you in a position of dominance when in reality you were the one losing control. You were the one giving deference to me. I captured your attention against your will and so you lost your ability to control your own behaviour.”
	I shook my head. All these terms and ideas, it was so confusing. I felt frustrated and annoyed. I had no idea why I even trying to understand. My whole life had been turned upside down. I didn’t know who I was anymore or who I wanted to be. I felt like it was all some terrible practical joke. 
	“You are doing it because you have a duty to your country, Number 1.”
	She leaned forward resting her elbows on the table. “These are the signs of submission and deference. Remember what I am about to say to you because I’ll only say it once. You need to learn these by instinct so it won’t help you to write them down. You won’t have time to look this information up in real life.”
“The first and most important sign of deference is touching oneself unconsciously. This is a signal of deference. When the dominant’s mind enters the submissive’s mind, it animates the movements of the submissive, which draws the dominant’s attention to her in such a way that her features are softened.”
	“Next, after touching oneself, comes posture, the eyes and the posing of the head. The submitting woman sits in such a way as to draw out her femininity. She turns her head up, while looking down, which creates an angle that softens her facial features, forcing her to look up at you, a sign of superiority, while her downward gaze draws attention to her eyes and her breasts. She allows her posture, her joints, to break, to loosen as your posture tightens. The more tense you are the more relaxed she must be.”
“Next, she does not adopt features of dominance such as territoriality with respect to items on the table or the physical territory of the table. This means that when you move forward out of dominance, she retreats, but when you move forward out of attraction, she remains. She turns her head away when the tension builds, a sign of her readiness to accede to your dominance. She avoids confrontation and defuses your anxiety by moving away from the table or giving you space by glancing away.”
As she spoke, my mind felt like it was opening up. Pathways and thought processes that I had never conceived of before suddenly converged. I felt as if my memories were opening up to the information she was giving me, as if reorganizing every social encounter I had ever had. My memories of Ariana burst, coalescing instead around the words: dominance and submission. Her explanations were not bewildering at all; they were making sense out of every nuance of life that I had ever experienced. 
	“I understand,” I said slowly. “I do.” I repeated, as much to convince myself as to convince her.
	“But there are other aspects of body language you will have to understand as well that go beyond submission. When I mirror your body language it creates a common feeling that can then be exploited for deference.”
	“Among those like us, it is the most commonly exploited means of creating a gateway.”
	I nodded to her. The embarrassment and the wine had begun to disappear from my system. I felt somehow secure in the knowledge that she was my teacher and that she would not hold my thoughts against me. Doubts about the purpose for my training seemed less important, the more I allowed my thinking to mirror hers. The dossier on the floor was just another fact that I needed to discard, the residue of my life before the JSS. There was no turning back – no going home. 
	“Well, Number 1,” She said. “The lesson is over. I hope that I’ve been helpful to you. The offer is open and you do not have to accept. Just keep it in mind.” She said it dispassionately.
	I stood up slowly while pulling the napkin off my lap and placing it on my plate. I didn’t know what to say to her. All I could think about was how Ariana would always say good-bye to me with a hug and a kiss. I felt awkward and I started to miss Ariana desperately. 
	“Thank you for dinner,” I said simply.
	“Good-night,” she said.
	“Can I ask you what number you are?” I said, standing in the doorway.
	“I’m Cassandra.” 
I left the apartment without saying another word. As I stepped away from the open door, I began to breathe again. My steps were unsteady and the floor seemed as if it was sinking. 
I walked the hallways of the facility, still feeling the buzz of the alcohol. I didn’t feel like sleeping, so I let my steps guide me. I felt lonely and homesick, thinking about Ariana and home. For the shortest second, Cassandra had made me feel alive again. I felt guilty for feeling that way, out of loyalty to Ariana. I felt terribly alone in that cold building, surrounded by people without emotion or warmth. It seemed such a terrible price to pay for power. 
	As the minutes passed, I resigned myself to not thinking about my new life negatively. It was pointless. I had to remember that the JSS was a military organization. It wasn’t supposed to be comfortable or easy. People acted as they did because they were trained to – for a purpose. The NAU needed soldiers who could sacrifice their pasts to protect the future. I guess I just hadn’t realized how much I was going to have to sacrifice. But there had been a moment, I was sure of it, when Cassandra had lost control, a moment when she had smiled at me, and it had been real, not faked or put on. There was single moment where we had connected, and it wasn’t an act. I was sure of it.
There was something that troubled me though. She had said that I had been selected for the JSS because I had the traits she wanted. What had she meant by that? Was this another sexual thing? Had she chosen me because she wanted to have offspring with me? Or was there some other reason that she had wanted me? I had no answers but it was disconcerting to find out that this one woman had made the decision to admit me to the JSS, without having any idea for what purpose.
	I slowly made my way back to my room. The wine was now totally out of my system and the steps came easier. I found my quarters and lay down on my bed, exhaustion overpowering me. I fell unconscious almost immediately while still wearing my uniform. 




Chapter 6




	I awoke in a terrible mood. I felt incredibly angry. Angry at Cassandra and angry at the JSS. I felt a deep and intense feeling of being wronged. This training was a joke. It was all some kind of sick and twisted game they were playing with me. The whole thing was designed to embarrass me, to make me forget myself and my principles. Cassandra played with me like a cat with a mouse. I went into that “lesson” with a strong sense of who I was and who I wanted to be. I left nothing more than a play toy for an older woman with authority. This wasn’t training for some special mission; it was payback for some crime I never committed. I was on trial. The whole thing was just a long, sick and disgusting trial.
	I pulled myself upright, looking at my watch. It was eleven thirty. I’d slept all morning and no one had come to wake me. It felt odd to be left to sleep in especially given the treatment I’d already received. 
	I sat on the edge of the bed as I scratched the sleep out of my eyes. After a few seconds, I let my face fall into my hands. I wanted to strangle Cassandra. I hated everything these people represented and everything they believed in. If this was the future then I wanted no part of it. There had to be another way. There had to be something that the human race could do that did not require us to sink so low. I felt like a prostitute. The military training was a farce. I was going to end up being a sex slave to a group of woman with no warmth or kindness in them, drunk on power. 
	I tried to tell myself she was only trying to help me, trying to show me the other side of things. But the more I thought about it the more angry I got. I had to find a way to stay true to myself. If I had to be part of this organization, then I would refuse to participate in propagation. The worst thing they could do is kick me out of the JSS. I tried to convince myself that they wouldn’t actually send me off to some research lab for the rest of my life. 
	My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Two’s voice: “Good morning! Rise and shine.”
	I looked at the door and Two stepped into the room. He almost sounded like he was smiling, but when I looked at his face I was met with a dispassionate stare. 
	“You’re awake, at last. I decided to give you a break this morning. But you slept much longer than I expected.” He looked at his watch.
	“Today I have another lesson for you; you’ll get a chance to use what you’ve learned.”
	I stood up and turned around to face him. I didn’t have time to brush my teeth or have a shower. I met him at the door and he gave me a pat on the back. He was much more pleasant than the other trainers and I was pleased that I would be working with him again. 
	“Back to the interview room, my friend.”
	He led me down the white hallway to the same small room with the desk and the screen on the wall. He gestured at the chair for me to take a seat. I sat down.
	“Today we are going to practice creating deference. I am going to teach you to control the minds of others.”
	“Okay,” I said, feeling ambivalent.
	“I’m going to send in an Afflicted for you to work with. He isn’t on the medication so he is much like the Afflicted I sent in earlier. He lacks consciousness per say. He is going to come into the room and sit opposite you. What I want you to do is use the language of dominance to create deference and once you have achieved it use the link to give him a basic instruction. You can start with something as simple as: stand up.”
	“I’ll give it a shot,” I replied.
	“Great.” 
	He left the room.
	After a few minutes the door opened and an Afflicted entered the room. He immediately walked over to the desk and sat down opposite me. Just as he had the first time I had seen him, he looked directly at me. 	I was still thinking about Cassandra. I forced my thoughts to return to my lessons, which was difficult. As the seconds passed, I remembered Two’s instructions. 
	I leaned forward over the desk resting my forearms in front of me, giving him a menacing stare, my eyes narrowing, and my face square with his. He immediately turned away, looking at the wall to my right. 
	I took a deep breath and imagined that I was speaking, my thoughts following the pathways of my nervous system that would animate the planning of the motor actions required to produce the sounds necessary, but without actually speaking. 
	In my mind, I formed the words: stand up.
	The Afflicted immediately stood up from his chair, his movement animated like an automaton. He was rigidly staring at the wall without any expression on his face.
	I smiled. I did it, I thought. I leaned back in my chair letting my body relax. The Afflicted continued to stare at the wall. I let my gaze work its way around the room, wondering what I was supposed to do next. When Two didn’t come back into the room, I decided to try something more complicated. I bent over the desk, making the same menacing expression, this time forming the instruction in my mind: open the door and leave. 
	At first the Afflicted did not move, and so I repeated the motions. This time he turned around and walked toward the exit, quickly opening the door and leaving. I sat smiling alone in the room. Triumphantly, I put my arms over my head, stretching.  
	“Easy,” I said to myself.
	After a couple of minutes, the door opened and Two entered. He was holding the Afflicted by his collar.
	 “I suppose it was you who sent this Afflicted. I found him trying to climb down a fire-escape. You do realize that we are on the fifth floor.”
	“Sorry,” I said grinning. 
	Two gently nudged the Afflicted into the hallway and closed the door.
	“You’re a natural. Even Simon had trouble the first time.”
	“Simon?” 
	“He’s the one who discovered it. He created the JSS.”
	“Is he still alive?”
	“Of course. He’s not here though. Spends most of his time in Riel City working at the JSS Academy. He’s sort of an intellectual now.”
	“I see. So, what’s next?” 
	He sat down opposite me. “I would suggest you give it a try on a non-Afflicted but the only non-Afflicted here are JSS. You won’t be able to pull that trick on anyone worth their salt, just yet. But you might be able to do it to an Acolyte like yourself.”
	“I guess I need a guinea pig.”
	“I have another idea, Number 1. I think it’s time you learn how to eliminate deference.”
	I leaned back in my chair, folding my arms and listening, waiting for him to speak.
	“Once someone receives deference, it becomes integrated into your self-concept. There are a few ways to reverse this affect. Breaking deference is the most important part of being a JSS. If you don’t break deference, over time your entire personality will be rewritten to suit the wants of the person who holds deference. In the end, you become little different from our Afflicted friend. You see, a trained JSS can use deference to deconstruct your consciousness piece by piece. If you don’t learn how to reverse this, then you may end up as empty-headed as that Afflicted.”
	“I’m not sure I understand,” I said cautiously. 
	“Look at it this way. In order to execute a complex action you must follow three steps. One you have to conceive of the action. You have to figure out what it is you want to do. Next you have to plan the action. This step includes conscious and unconscious pathways. Finally, you must execute the action, which requires attention to your actions in order for to fulfill the plan.”
	“I understand,” I said.
	“So, a trained JSS can deconstruct your consciousness by creating a break between the first and the third stages. If a JSS creates deference after you conceive of the action but during the process of planning, then you will not have the conscious attention necessary for the implementation of the plan. You will fall flat on your face.”
	“Because deference causes a break in your attention,” I said finishing the thought.
	“Yes. If this process is repeated time and time again, it gets incorporated into your self-concept and as a result you lose the ability to execute complex actions. Once you lose this ability, you lose the problem solving skills necessary to escape deference.”
	“So how do you escape deference?”
	“Deference is a one-directional link but it is a link and that means that it must be maintained. To break that link you have to identify the behaviour which signified the deference and remove it from your self-concept.”
	“How do you do that?”
	“It is simple. When you come in contact with the source of the deference you simply allow your body to move as it naturally wishes to, unconsciously, and eventually your behaviour will begin to reflect the same posturing as it did when the deference was established. Once you identify the deferent behaviours, you simply eliminate them consciously.”
	“I’ll give you an example,” he said before I could speak.
	He leaned forward; his imposing shape and blank stare made me feel self-conscious. He continued to speak:
	“By the way, I heard that Cassandra is interested in you. I would suggest you keep your distance. She likes to use Acolytes to enhance her deference. I would bet that she is deep within your mind as we speak.”
	Reminded of Cassandra, I made the half-smile that I had after she’d pulled the rug out from under me. I shifted my posture, pretending to feel relaxed, leaning back against the chair, even though I felt as rigid as a board.
	“Oh yeah?” I said. “You mean she’s giving me instructions?”
	“As we speak she is working on you; going through your memories and rationalizing your feelings according to her perspective of who you are.”
	He was still leaning over the table with his eyes on me. My thoughts were suddenly interrupted and I felt disoriented. I rubbed my head absently. 
	He said: “That was perfect.”
	“Now,” he said, leaning back in his chair. “Tell me what you just did.”
	“I rubbed my head.”
	“And before that?”
	“I leaned back in the chair.”
	“Show me.”
	I tried to replicate my posture and the expression on my face. I felt foolish, like I was pantomiming on a street corner.
	“Good.”
	“Now, it’s simple. From now on, whenever I come into the room, if you feel tension, you will find yourself slipping into the same posture or expression, whether rubbing your head, making that same smile or sitting the way that you were.”
	“Unconsciously?” I said.
	“Exactly. And when you do, my deference is re-established, the link is refreshed.”
	“I understand.” I tried to explain it to myself so that I would understand. “So essentially, I’m reversing the process by reasserting my attention to the action. The deference was created because the action was unconscious and my attention wasn’t there. It is eliminated by keeping my attention on myself, so that I recognize it when my posture changes.”
	“That’s right.”
He continued: “There are other ways to eliminate deference as well. The most important is through meditating on the social dialectic. You will need to continually refresh your comprehension of it in order to undo the effects of deference.”
“I understand.”
“Then you are ready for combat training. I believe Cassandra wanted to speak with about something. You should visit her apartment before going to the gym.”
I nodded to Two. 
He stood up from his chair. 
“It was a pleasure, Number 1. I’m sure you will do great.” 
I stretched out my hand. He looked down and took it in a pincher grip, shaking it briskly. I smiled. Two was the best trainer I’d had. He managed to come across as a genial guy even though his face was as blank as stone. He was the closest thing I had to a friend in the JSS.
“Thanks, Two.” I said appreciatively.
“You’re welcome. Good luck.” 
I watched him leave the room, trying not to think about having to go to see Cassandra. I would have to do my best to forget about last night. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that Two was right. I was going to have to do my best to eliminate the deference she accumulated against me. Perhaps this was the perfect opportunity to try my luck. I resolved to keep a tight lid on my emotions, to be careful about what I said and did. I wasn’t going to allow myself to be embarrassed like I had been the night before. If there was one thing that I didn’t want, it was her thinking that I was interested in her. 
I made my way to Cassandra’s room. I found Cassandra’s door slightly ajar, so I nudged it forward slowly. I didn’t hear anyone, so I spoke.
“Cassandra?”
I heard a voice. “Come in.”
I opened the door. Cassandra was standing in the kitchen at the far end of the apartment cleaning. She was wearing the blue uniform as she had when I had first met her in the parking garage. She didn’t look in my direction, at first, so I stepped inside and rested my back against the wall. I waited a few seconds but she didn’t say a word. 
“You wanted to speak with me,” I said.
“Yes, Number 1. Take a seat.” She said without looking up.
I sat down at the bare table resting my arms in front of me. She walked over to the bed and picked up a file folder. Without looking at me, she dropped it on the table. She turned around and sat across from me. Her piercing eyes were fixed on mine.
“I have a mission for you.”
I picked up the file folder tenuously. I opened it in front of me. 
“You were specifically selected for this mission. This is the reason that you were admitted to the JSS.”
	“What’s the mission?” I said looking down at the folder, cautiously.
	“You are going to infiltrate a terrorist cell.”
	I didn’t say anything. I had trouble believing that she was serious. I’d only just finished Basic training. I’d been in the JSS for less than a week and they were already talking about giving me a mission? I looked closely at the file, hoping that it was some kind of mistake, hoping that this was some kind of exercise.
	She leaned forward over the table. “You lack the characteristic features of the JSS. You have monogamous tendencies. You were raised Christian. The less training you have the better; they won’t see a professional. You have all the features we need.”
	I felt a lump in my throat, but managed to keep my face expressionless.
	“Your mission is to infiltrate the terrorist organization “Fallen Sons” and to find the whereabouts of their leader. He is a former politician. A man named William Franklin. He was formerly the science advisor of President Duwald, the last president of the United States. He is an extremely dangerous ideologue. He intends to destabilise the NAU by spreading false propaganda about the disease and our government.”
	“I’m sorry,” I said. “I don’t know the first thing about infiltration.”
	“You’ll be given combat training starting today. You don’t need training to infiltrate. You’ll be infiltrating their organization as yourself. You don’t have a false identity. You’re the perfect mole. A person who obviously would be totally unsuitable for the JSS. Someone who very well could have become the enemy of the JSS. All you have to do is be yourself.”
	I didn’t say a word. She was suggesting that I was capable of treason. 
	“You don’t have to say anything. I know about your objections to propagation. I know about your reservations about our government. But I also know that you are a patriot. This man is a murderer. He has murdered and he will murder again. All we are asking you to do is get inside and find out where he is hiding.”
	I tried not to speak without thinking it through. She wasn’t giving me an ultimatum; she was giving me an order. I had no choice but to do what she asked. I tried not to show my frustration. 
	“When do I leave?”
	“After combat training.”
	“Why the urgency?”
	“Because we have intelligence that they are planning another strike.”
	I exhaled deeply. I tried to believe that the reason they were so willing to send me into a dangerous situation was because they had confidence in me, but it seemed more like a suicide mission to get me out of the way. I don’t think Cassandra or anyone else for that matter would have thought twice about sending me to my death. These people didn’t have feelings. They didn’t have empathy or compassion. She couldn’t have cared less if I got shot the minute I stepped into danger. I couldn’t trust these people to look out for me. 
	Of course none of that mattered. I didn’t have a life to return to. They weren’t showing me the door and asking me if I wanted to walk through it. This wasn’t a negotiation. I was a member of the JSS, a member of the army, and I followed orders. I felt sick to think how naïve I’d been signing up, believing that I was going to change things for the better. This nightmare kept getting worse, only now I was going to be risking my life.
	“I don’t suppose there is a door number two.” I said half joking, leaning back against the chair, the same half smile on my face, feeling rigid as a board. She didn’t smile. 
In that instant, I recognized the signs of deference. I quickly shifted my weight, altering my posture and putting my weight on the table to preserve dominance. At the same time, I formed the phrase You can’t change who I am in my mind, letting it flow into the social dialectic.
	She didn’t move, but her eyes fell to the table for a split second. “Take the file with you. And work hard during combat training. What you learn could save your life.” 
She did not give me any indication that I had surprised her, but she didn’t have to. Although her expression didn’t change we both knew what had happened. 	
I nodded, feeling confident to have achieved deference with someone with far greater experience.
	“You will receive a briefing from me before you’re discharged. Review the file carefully; you will need to commit the information to memory.”
	I stood up and picked up the file folder bringing it to my side. She watched me leave the apartment without saying another word. 
	I walked back to my room. The hallways were empty because it was lunch time. As soon as I entered my room, I dropped the file folder on the bed. I immediately sat down next to it and flipped through it. My target, William Franklin, was a brilliant man. He’d received a doctorate in Genetic Engineering from California Institute of Technology. Prior to the never ending heat he was a professor at Northwestern University. He was responsible for producing the first multi-cellular organism with synthetic DNA. And then when the disease hit, he was one of the unlucky ones. He contracted the disease and spent a brief period in an institution with the psychological symptoms of the disease. When the medications came out, he regained his intellectual abilities and became politically active, participating in rallies with fringe groups. He developed associations with prominent Christians who were Afflicted. He fell out with his peers at Northwestern and went underground. 
	For two years, he did not access a private computer, nor did he pay for a single bill. His friends and family believed that he was dead. And then, about six months ago, he popped up. A bank account in his name was accessed and a large sum of money withdrawn. Over the course of the next few months, the account was drained of money. He contacted his family by internet and later telephone in order to ask for money, which he claimed was for some experimental medication to treat his disease. The amount of money which he had accumulated during this time period was estimated at between forty and fifty thousand dollars. The transactions that resulted in him emptying the account were scattered throughout banks in Riel City. But he was sighted by an old friend in Northern Saskatchewan, outside of Humboldt. It was believed that he had purchased a farm which he was operating under the auspices of a false identity and possibly a shell corporation. During this time, it is believed, he was accumulating the skills and materials to construct an explosive device. It is believed that it was at this farm that he designed and tested the explosive device that was used for the bombing earlier in the year. 
	The intelligence gathered by the JSS from monitoring the internet and phone calls, message boards and through agents close to known terrorist sympathizers revealed that the most recent attack was different. It was different because it appeared that the disparate terrorist cells and organizations that had caused the attacks in recent years had unified under the banner of the “Fallen Sons”. It was believed that Northern United States militia groups, including the Michigan Militia, Albertan Militia groups and Midwestern Militia groups, had linked up under the authority of William Franklin. It appeared that these groups were not just planning attacks, which were now well financed due to the support of conservative industrialists in the United States and American political organizations, they were forming an army. 
	This prospect was especially threatening to the JSS because the medications which enabled Afflicted men to function psychologically enabled these same men to handle a rifle as easily as the unafflicted. Using a rifle required very little in terms of actual physical strength or endurance. Afflicted mobilized in militias could overwhelm the NAU ordinary infantry in areas where troops were not stationed. The JSS was concerned that although the “Fallen Sons” had not yet had a significant impact, they had the financial backing and support of the Afflicted Christian minority, a significant chunk of American refugees. It appeared that William Franklin financed the bombing earlier in the year independently as a trumpet call to draw support from other groups. His “Fallen Sons” organization went from a single disgruntled Afflicted to a terrorist organization with cells all over the NAU. It is believed that the unification of the militias under his command was a subsequent event, managed by the backing of powerful industrialists. It appeared that William Franklin had garnered this support because of his name and reputation.
	According to the intelligence documents, information about the “Fallen Sons” organization was limited, but informants within the militias were able to pass on limited intelligence. Franklin kept his organization amorphous and disconnected from the groups. The organization had no clear hierarchy and no clear goals or objectives. The JSS had very little information about Franklin’s motivations or his intentions. The industrialists who supported him maintained close ties to the government. It appeared that it was impossible to link these men to Franklin because their financial contributions were being made directly to the militias as political donations. As a result of NAU law, arising from US law, these political donations were legal and could not be used to incriminate the backers. The NAU government was struggling to address the terrorist issue without directly targeting the financial backers, who had ties to the NAU parliament and powerful friends both within the Security Service and in the armed forces. It is believed that they were backing Franklin not as a terrorist but as the legitimate inheritor of the conservative cause, a legitimate political figure. 
	Things were further complicated by intelligence which suggested that Franklin was attempting to woo the Mormon Free State, created by act of NAU parliament upon creation of the political union. The Mormons, despite being initially dependent upon the NAU for water, oil and food, had responded quickly to the never ending heat, constructing underground cities powered by dozens of small nuclear generators. The Mormons maintained a closed society and had quickly moved toward their conservative roots, instituting the legality of polygamy in response to the disease, and shifting their industry toward the production of new technologies to facilitate life in the Great American desert, which stretched from Texas to Alberta, running into the Pacific Ocean in the submerged California. 
	The Mormons had adopted the prismatic cloak created by the Department of Advanced Research in the United States as standard wear for every citizen. They had constructed massive pipelines from the ocean and desalination plants which they could feed down into underground farms. The stated goal of the Free State was to conquer the American Desert and return the United States to its pre-disaster biblical roots.
	Among the NAU, the Mormons were a touchy subject. In many ways, the Mormon traditions reflected the future of the NAU. The polygamist union was often described as the future institution of the NAU. But, because of their religious beliefs and closed society, the Mormons were sometimes viewed with suspicion and hostility. Their success in converting their society into an underground one was viewed with envy but also as a threat. It was thought that the decision to allow them to form a Free State was a mistake, but at the time, as a result of the dissolution of the Southern states because the desert was unliveable, it was seen as a mercy to a group of obstinate people who simply refused to give in to the heat. 
	With the growth of their industry, the production of technologies necessary for a hydroponic farm system became their driving goal. In time, the Mormons constructed massive solar farms, reducing their dependence upon oil and nuclear power. After a decade of construction these solar farms produced a surplus that was fed into the NAU electricity grid. 
	Franklin’s roots as a Mormon made him an automatic friend to the Free State. But his links to the state were often considered superficial. He never lived in Utah and did not have many friends or acquaintances there. The NAU was concerned that the conservative Mormons would view the NAU society, increasingly dominated by women, and with the Democratic Socialists in particular the leading political party, as too different. It was concerned that the Mormons, with a long memory of the friction between the conservative right and the liberal left in the United States prior to the heat, would view the NAU as an abomination; too liberal and divorced from the Christian traditions of the United States.
	It didn’t help that the Afflicted in Utah were viewed as victims of God’s judgment upon the world, arising from its liberalization. The Afflicted were treated with great sympathy and the blame often fell upon the NAU as the inheritor to the liberal worldview that had dominated pre-2020 United States. The Mormons rejected homosexuality which was viewed as an acceptable option for Women in the NAU arising out of the scarcity of fertile men. These political differences made understanding between the Mormons and the NAU difficult. At the same time, the Free State had viewed the NAU’s decision to release them from the United States with gratitude. The Mormons would not forget the way that they had been treated within the United States and viewed their country as the natural inheritors to the conservative tradition of America. The Mormons thus viewed their mission as a holy one, to reclaim what had been lost.
	It was the concern of the JSS that Franklin was aiming to break cordial relations between the Mormons and the NAU with the aim of beginning a war. It was not enough for Franklin that the Mormons would continue bear the standard of the conservative right. Franklin wanted the NAU transformed by the revitalization of Christianity. He viewed Mormonism as a holy religion and God’s gift to a society ravaged by the disease. There were many within the NAU parliament who viewed instituting polygamy as something that might silence Franklin and his backers. But, no one was in contact with him to find out.
	I closed the file folder after reading for almost an hour; a brief review had turned into a thorough read. Some of the information in the folder was surprising and other parts shocking. I’d long heard about the success of the Mormon Free State, but had never heard of the political disputes between the NAU and the militias. I had never heard of William Franklin, but I was shocked to find out that he was a conservative Mormon. As the person who is credited with producing the first multi-cellular organism with synthetic DNA, he was obviously a first rate scientist. I had trouble understanding how the JSS expected me to infiltrate an organization about which they had almost no information. From the file, it appeared to me as if the organization itself was a mystery. They didn’t seem to know the first thing about its members or even the location of its operations. I had no idea how I was supposed to infiltrate the “Fallen Sons” with the limited information contained in the dossier.
	I rubbed my head. Your briefing will include the details of the operation, your handler and specific names of contacts. I turned around to look at the door, but the room was empty. I wondered if I was losing it. It wasn’t my thought, and the words reminded me of Two in a strange way even though it wasn’t as if I could hear the sound of his voice. During his lesson, Two had said that he had established deference when I touched my forehead. Perhaps he was speaking to me through that link, which I had activated by replicating the posture. It felt strange to have another person speaking into my thoughts. It would take some getting used to, but at least I had the comfort of knowing it was a one-way link. He couldn’t read my thoughts, he could only comment upon them. 
	I stood up, straightening out my uniform. It was almost 1 o’clock and I had been expected to attend combat training. I wouldn’t have time to eat, which did not bother me for some reason. I picked up the file folder and put it in the first drawer of the dresser at the end of the bed. When I was finished, I left the room, closing the door behind me. 
	I followed the hallway toward the cafeteria next to the stairwell. I went down two floors and followed the hallway back in the same direction I had come. I had seen a map of the building in the dossier and it made finding the gymnasium easier. I opened the door into the gymnasium and found a group of men standing around socializing, stretching while they waited for the lesson to begin. I walked into the room, following the wall into the men’s change room. Opening the door, I found a cubby hole with my name on it and an exercise uniform waiting for me. I pulled the uniform on and stuffed my blue JSS uniform into the cubby hole. When I was finished I went back into the gym. The instructor had already begun his class, so I waited by the door, watching and listening.
	The instructor stood at the front of the group speaking while the men listened. There were about twenty people in the uniform standing on blue mats. They were all standing quietly at attention. From the look of the group none of the recruits in my unit from Basic were present. Most of the students had the look of a few more years. I guessed that I was being moved into combat training ahead of them because of my mission.
	“For those of you are here for the first time, JSS combat builds on your experience in Basic training while incorporating your knowledge of the social dialectic.”
	“The first thing I want you all to remember is that the goal of every exchange whether social or physical combat is to perfect your attention. The winner of sociality is he who maintains a focused attention at all times. The winner of every contest, physical or mental, is the person who holds the attention. It doesn’t matter if you are in a knife fight or holding a rifle. It doesn’t matter if you are doing matrix algebra or running a marathon. The first sign of deference in both sociality and in combat is accelerated uncontrolled movement. In both situations, this movement is fatal to one’s intentions.”
	“Just as dominance and submission are the language of sociality, they are the language of competition and combat. Creating deference in combat is no different from sociality. If you acquire deference from your opponent they lose the attention necessary to execute carefully planned goal oriented actions.”
	“More importantly, if you acquire deference you can use the link to interrupt your opponent’s focus or otherwise misdirect them unconsciously, allowing you to stay ahead of them or counter their strikes.”
	“The social dialectic is a lifeline during combat but combat is part of the primitive struggle for dominance. If you allow yourself to become attached to the outcome you will lose comprehension of the dialectic. You must perfect the unattached action in order to remain within the calm of the dialectic.”
“Finally, the goal of this training is to help you to reach perfection: to become one with the social dialectic. In this state, attaining dominance for even a second will mean the end for your opponent. That is because you will have trained your mind to transmit a false series of instructions to your opponent that will lead them into defeat.”
	“I don’t expect any of you to ever attain perfection. It is a skill that has been mastered by only a handful. But even the shadow of perfection could defeat an ordinary black belt.”
	“Now, before we begin sparring I want you all to partner up and start pushing hands. You all should have learned this technique in Basic as part of your training in Martial Arts. The point this exercise is to create balance between you and your partner before you begin sparring. This technique requires that you take turns in dominance and submission.”
	I watched as the group of men broke up into pairs, lining up opposite each other. The trainer walked between the men, his eyes scanning the men up and down. As he reached the end of the line, he turned around.
	“Begin!”
	The men moved together and began the movements of Pushing Hands: a technique where two people counter each other’s movements by redirecting them rather than by opposing force with force. The goal of the technique, which I had learned in Basic, was to teach a person to learn to feel the direction and strength of a partner’s intention. I watched the pairs move back and forth on the mats, countering each other’s movements. 
	The instructor walked over toward me with his hands behind his back. As he approached, I stood at attention. He was a tall thin man with a black goatee and a shaved head. He had pronounced cheekbones, sunken cheeks and a long oval face. 
	“Hello Acolyte, are you here to train?”
	“Yes, Sir. I was told to report to combat training.”
	“Excellent,” he said. 
	He reached out to shake my hand. I took his hand and shook it.
	“You have the look of a new recruit,” he said. “I am guessing that this is your first combat training session as a JSS?”
	“Yes, it is,” I replied simply.
	He turned toward the group. I stepped forward so that I could stand beside him. He gestured with his hand. 
	“Well... Number?”
	“One, sir.”
	“Number 1. I would like you to start with some breathing exercises.”
	“Okay.” 
	“The social dialectic reverses the ordinary conditioning of your body rhythms to sociality. You will have to learn to recognize the signs of this conditioning in order to undo them. Do you understand?”
	“Not totally, sir. Can you elaborate what you mean?”
	“It’s simple, Number 1. When someone possesses deference it prevents your body from returning to its natural resting state of relaxation. I am sure someone has told you that when someone submits to you, this means that they act to avert tension created by social conflict. This means that they give into that tension, which results in the loosening of their joints and posture.”
	“You see, the submissive only reaches a state of relaxation by giving into the dominant. Thus deference preserves some background tension in the postures of the deferent, reflective of the state of submission that triggered the deference. That tension is only released when the deferent submits by replicating the postured that signified the deference.”
	“Okay,” I said, feeling less confident than I sounded.
	He moved beside me and put his hand on my shoulder. “Listen, kid, have you ever heard of muscle memory?”
	“No,” I said.
	“Whenever you performing a physical action using your muscles, your body stores the motor task in a memory called muscle memory. Repetition of the task reduces your body’s need for attention to complete the task. Deference is preserved in muscle memory. This means that in order to eliminate deference you have to bypass and rewrite the implicated muscle memory.”
	“The more tension produced in your muscles arising out of deference the harder it is to break. This means that the first step in reaching the social dialectic requires you to cut off your emotions and to eliminate reactive changes in posture. Finally, you must eliminate your attachment to the ends of your actions and break the link between others thoughts and your reactions.”
	“Okay,” I said hesitantly. He was waiting for me to speak. “I understand,” I added, sounding surer than I felt.
	“Now, the deferent individual has an interest in that memory. The existence of an unconscious link allows them to reinforce the continued action of that memory. But they can also reinforce it by imposing dominance or bringing out the deferent posture.”
	“Combat training is different than sociality. In combat training, facial imprinting is less important than body posturing. So, combat training requires that you work from the third level to break the reinforcement of the second level.”
	I thought back to my earlier lessons. After a few seconds, I nodded. I already knew how to use the second level to break the first: by altering posture and posing to eliminate the particular angle or perspective preserved in facial imprinting. But I had not yet been taught how to use vocal imprinting to eliminate postural imprinting.
	“How do I do that?”
	“The first step,” he began. “Is to alter your breathing patterns. You may not realize it, but the qualities that identify your voice do not arise from your biology but from your socialization. The vocal cords can be trained just as any other part of your body. The secret to training your vocal cords is to learn how to control your breathing rhythms. These rhythms are the first aspect of your biology which is conditioned by deference. Ordinarily, your facial imprinting will be reflected in your postural imprinting which will reflect your vocal imprinting. The tension in your body movements and posture will be audible to the trained ear in your voice. The key to reversing this process is to recondition your body rhythms to eliminate the impact of social tension and deference upon your breathing.”
	He walked away from me, stroking his goatee. Looking away, he said: “The first step in this process requires familiarity with the social dialectic. Once you achieve comprehension, the tension in your body will drain into the dialectic. Once you have eliminated the tension, you can recondition your breathing rhythms and your vocal cords.”
	He turned around and walked back toward me. He said: “So I want you to start with deep breathing exercises. Do some stretches first and then practice holding your breath and releasing the air again and again. Always attempt to stretch your limits: go longer than you think you can without exhaling and inhaling. At the same time, I want you to contemplate the social dialectic: the interchangeability and dispensability of pain and pleasure. When you start to feel the social dialectic you are ready to move to the next step.”
	“How will I know when I feel the social dialectic?”
	“Your voice will deepen.”
	I nodded. I decided that I would just try to do my best and figure out the mechanism behind it afterward. I had lots of time to learn the reasons and little time to learn the techniques. I took a seat on the mat in front of the trainer and he walked away.
	I felt foolish at first, breathing as he suggested. It felt like a bit of a waste of time. I wasn’t sure if I was doing it right, and it was difficult for me to understand how the combat training fit into what I had been taught about the social dialectic. I kept breathing but I was starting to realize that the more I thought about it, the more difficult it became. I decided to try to calm my thoughts. I tried to think back to the moment of comprehension, when the social dialectic had entered my consciousness. I remembered that feeling of being stretched inside like an elastic band. The more I focused on the contradiction, the easier I began to find the breathing.
	At last, after repeating the breathing about fifty times, I began to feel the tension in my body fading away. I would breathe in deeply until my lungs were near bursting and then breathe in some more through my nose. I would hold it for as long as I could and then release it, letting the air flow out until my lungs were emptied. I would then force my diaphragm down to get every last bit of air out of my body. I would hold my lungs like this for as long as I could, always stretching it longer than I thought I was capable. I would then breathe in, repeating the process.
	I continued to perform this technique until I felt totally relaxed. Satisfied, I stood up and tested myself.
	“Hello,” I said quietly. My voice sounded much deeper and louder.
	It was odd, but I felt a sudden exhilaration. I had always felt a bit self-conscious about the fact that I did not share the trademark deep voice of disease resistance. It appeared that the technique had evened the playing field. 
	The instructor noted me standing up and began to walk back across the gymnasium. When he was standing about five meters away, he said:
	“Well, Number 1? How did it work?”
	“Perfectly,” I said.
	“Excellent. I note your voice is beginning to deepen. The effect will fade if anyone accumulates enough deference from you.”
	I nodded, feeling a bit more enthusiastic about his training. He stepped up beside me and led me into the middle of the gymnasium.
	“Now, the next step is for you to work on your posture. I want you to kneel on the ground and remain still without moving for ten minutes. It is important that you do not move, not a centimetre and not an inch. If you move, you must start over.”
	I knelt down on the ground, sitting upright, following his instructions. At first the minutes passed slowly, but after about two minutes I closed my eyes, letting my mind roam free. I thought of Ariana and Cassandra. I thought of Basic and what I had read about myself in the dossier. I thought of seeing Riel City, the bustling new metropolis, on my eventual mission. Soon enough, though, my mind ran out of things to think about. The strands that were my consciousness would twist and spin into circles, and I would end up back where I started. 
	Rather than continue allowing my mind to travel over the same ground again and again, I tried to focus on the feeling of the social dialectic. It was an odd feeling, both sharp and yet smooth, painful and yet pleasurable. It seemed to twist my mind into contortions of reason that escaped my consciousness, spinning and spiralling outward like the swirl of a hurricane. The contradiction drew all thoughts into itself, thoughts that seemed banal and thoughts that seemed grand. It was irrepressible and yet impossible to explain. And yet, I could feel the tension in the circle, as each strand twisted around another, it seemed to yearn to burst out and draw my thoughts into the ferment. And then I knew what deference was: the thoughts which sprung from my consciousness, winding beyond, were spun by others back inward upon themselves, so that I could not escape their grasp. It was as if all people were linked by strings of reason, as if others would act out my thoughts closing the circle and imprisoning me in my own ego.
	I had difficulty explaining the contradiction but I knew how it felt. I knew the strange, somewhat foreign way that it seemed to twist my thoughts betrayed the fact that it seemed to have a mind of its own. It seemed to have a kind of logic to it – a logic that did not resemble that of reason. 
	“Number 1!” The trainer’s voice broke my concentration.
	I gasped, opening my eyes. I fell over onto the mat clutching at my chest. I struggled to breathe. I heard the trainer above me speaking into my ear.
	“It’s okay. Just breathe.”
	I took a deep breath, finding release. I let my lungs slowly fill with air, releasing it slowly. After a minute, I pushed myself up off the mat. The trainer helped me to my feet.
	“What happened?” I breathed.
	“You stopped breathing.”
	“How long was I kneeling there?” 
	“About a half-an-hour.”
	I shook my head. “I was kneeling for half-an-hour? It felt like only a moment had passed.”
	He straightened up while dry-washing his hands. “To attain that level of intimacy with the social dialectic is exceedingly difficult. For an Acolyte to do it is unheard of. I wasn’t going to interrupt what you were learning. I guarantee you it is more important than what I was teaching you.”
	I ran my hand through my hair, thinking. He was watching me carefully. It was strange to think that I had been kneeling for so long. I had not anticipated the strange way that my thoughts had seemed to unfold all on their own. It was as if those circles, twisting inward upon themselves were unfolding in a space beyond my mind, a space of a different dimension. But, I was pleased that I had surprised the trainer by my ability. It was encouraging to me to know that I was learning quickly.
	“Do you wish to take a break before the next exercise?”
	“No,” I replied thoughtfully. “I am ready.”
	“Are you sure? You don’t want a short break?”
	“No,” I replied quickly.
	“Okay,” he began thoughtfully. “The next step is for me to teach you about the unattached action.” 
	He continued. “There are two forms of action. There is action performed with an expectation of some result and there is action performed without any expectation. The first kind of action is performed for a reason. The second is performed independently of any reason.”
	“You must learn to always act in the second way. If you act with an expectation, then your mind will automatically plan a reaction associated with failure or success. This is a dangerous habit to get into because in competition it will become deference for someone who attains dominance.”
	“Do you understand?”
	This lesson reminded me of Ariana and the night that we had attempted to outrun ourselves. It sounded like he was saying exactly the same thing. If you plan an action, for any reason, the instant that you do, your mind is already planning your reaction to the action. In order to escape this process, you have to act faster than your mind can. But the trainer was suggesting that there was another way. If you can act without attachment to the result, then there would be no reaction to success or failure.
	“Yes, I do actually,” I replied.
	He continued to elaborate. “If you are in combat your failures will be expressed in your body language and facial expressions as pain or discomfort, signs of submission, resulting in deference.”
	“I understand your point,” I began. “But how do I act without having a reason?”
	He shook his head. “You’re asking the wrong question.”
	“What is the right question?”
	“You’re trying to think your way to a solution, when the solution is to not think.”
	“I don’t understand.”
	“You have to learn to use your instincts. That doesn’t mean you don’t think about what you are doing, it means that you don’t think about why you’re doing it. You concentrate your full attention on the movements of the task, without thinking about the purpose or the end result.”
	“Okay,” I said. “I think I get it.”
	He nodded to me. He began to scratch his goatee with his right hand. I waited for him to speak again. He seemed to be deep in thought although his eyes remained on me. After a moment, I decided to interrupt his thoughts.
	“Is there something else?”
	He let his hand fall to his side. He said: “I have a task for you.”
	“What is it?” 
	He gestured toward the wall. “I want you to fold up all the mats on the floor over by the wall, and then I want you to pile them against the wall in two stacks.”
	He turned around and began to walk away. With his back to me, he said: “And I want you to focus on every movement, keeping your attention focused on what you are doing.”
	I looked over at the mats on the ground feeling ambivalent. It sounded like another totally pointless task, but I was beginning to see that nothing that the JSS did was pointless. I walked over to the wall and began to lift up the end of a mat. Halfway through the process of lifting it, I remembered his instructions. I put it down and started over. This time I moved slowly and carefully, concentrating. Once I had the mat upright, I folded it and put it carefully in the corner of the gymnasium. I continued following the same process, doing my best to keep my concentration focused on the task. When I lost my focus, I would step back and gather myself and continue. After about ten minutes, I was able to maintain a firm concentration on my actions, which seemed more fluid and careful.
	When I was finished piling the mats, I wiped the sweat off my brow and looked up. The gymnasium was empty. I scratched my forehead, wondering what I was supposed to do. I wiped my face with my shirt.
	“Good, Number 1.” The voice made me jump. I turned around and found the trainer standing behind me.
	“Where did everyone go?”
	“Class was dismissed,” he replied simply. 
	He silently surveyed the scene. I waited for him to speak.
	“Now, I want you to take the mats and unfold them with the same level of concentration.”
	I looked morosely at the pile in the corner and sighed. I walked back to the mats and slowly began to unfold them, placing them on the ground. I had to be reminded twice by the trainer to keep my concentration and attention focused on the task. This time it took me about half the time to complete the task; unfolding the mats was easier than folding them. When I was finished, I walked over to the trainer, who was sitting against the wall near the exit.
	“Again,” he said.
	I turned around and walked back to the mats. I started folding them up again. This time I had no difficulty keeping my attention to the task because I wasn’t thinking about getting it done; I knew that I was going to have to do it again anyway. As I performed my pointless task, I realized that the reason I had found it so difficult to maintain my attention at first was because I just wanted to get it over with and I didn’t care how carefully I did it. Knowing that it was pointless, knowing that I might have to do the exact same thing again, allowed me to focus myself on the movements.
	When I was finished I walked over to the trainer. He looked at me without expression. Finally, while looking past me, he said:
	“It’s hard isn’t it? You are only going to be able to escape your reactions if you learn to resign yourself to the outcome which renders your action pointless.”
	“What outcome is that?”
	“Me telling you to do it again. Once you resign yourself to that situation, you become free to perform the task with your full attention and concentration.”
	“I think I understand,” I said quietly. I felt exhausted.
	“Now. I want you to show me a basic karate punch.”
	I stood upright and took a step back. Standing opposite him, I straightened up which was difficult because of the tension in my back. Once I was calm, I formed a fist and threw a middle right, pulling my left hand back and exhaling as I did so. 
	He reached down and took my hand by the wrist. He looked at me, and spoke. “When you were learning the basics of martial arts, you probably learned the importance of focussing your attention, so that the motion of your strikes represented the transfer of the full force of your body behind each strike.”
	“Yes, I did.”
	“Every motion that your body makes creates a pocket of attention created by your intentionality. When you stand upright, attempting to keep a proper posture, these pockets form around the muscle groups which you are using consciously. Wherever these pockets do not form, there is a kind of negation, created by your unconscious mind. This negation creates a vacuum in the collective unconscious, drawing the conscious attention of others, which results in deference. It is nearly impossible to eliminate this negation entirely unless one develops the ability to move with the social dialectic. That means, totally unattached. The unattached action is the core of the social dialectic. It is the action with perfect attention. Every motion that you make should be measured and balanced. Every movement should be within your thought in the execution of it.” 
	“I asked you to fold up the mats because I wanted to show you the beginnings of the unattached action. But to truly attain it requires practice and knowledge of the social dialectic. When you make a strike, you must focus your attention so completely on the motion that your attention moves through your body like a wave eliminating this negation and undoing the effect of deference, while producing the rhythm that initiates the strike and concludes it. In this state, your strike attains the force of the social dialectic, which is irrepressible.”
	He let go of my wrist. I let my hand fall to my side.
	“Well, Number 1. You did very well today. I would suggest that you think about everything we have discussed and come back tomorrow. We will begin to apply what we have learned. I want you to meditate on the social dialectic this evening just as you did today. I believe that it will open doors that may make things easier for you.”
	He gave me a soft pat on the shoulder. I nodded at him.
	“You’re dismissed.”
	He walked past me to the mats behind me. I left slowly, feeling exhausted. I went into the change room and put on my uniform slowly, stretching as I did so. I returned to the gym and noticed that the trainer was cleaning up the gymnasium. I left without saying a word. 
	I felt exhausted and I did not know why. It had been a difficult day, learning about my mission, spending so much time learning the nuances of the JSS techniques. I had begun to understand the appeal of the social dialectic. It opened up doorways to parts of oneself that would lay dormant, deep beneath the seething fission of others expectations. It was strangely intoxicating to realize that the social dialectic could offer me a pathway toward escaping the entanglements of my inhibitions. It was also terrifying. A part of me had begun to object, to hold tighter to my principles, while the rest of me fell into the trap of the social dialectic. I knew who I was and what I believed, but none of that seemed to matter in the midst of comprehension of the contradiction that is two and yet still one. It is strange, but deep inside my mind I could feel the corrosive effect of the teachings of the JSS undermining my perspective, telling me that my principles were nothing other than insecurities designed to protect myself from what I feared. It was a dangerous thought, a thought which would undermine and overturn every moral thought or precondition that I might use to try to shape my life. 
	As I stepped into my quarters, I was greeted by the relaxation that comes from being alone. Inside, under the surface, my mind continued to churn, unwinding the strands of reason that had accumulated over the years that had shaped my beliefs and my actions. I closed the door behind me and knelt on the floor immediately, allowing my eyes to close and my mind to empty.
	Inside, deep beneath the meanderings of my consciousness, I could feel the call of power. The social dialectic had begun to take shape inside me, constructed out of the contradictions that could be drawn from the canvass of my experience; shaping my memories in its own image. It saturated my past, winding and unwinding it into a twisted and contorted circle. 
	As I allowed my consciousness to feel the sinews of the circle, to test its edges, I felt a kind of satisfaction. The person that I was, that had lived the life filled with thoughts of conviction and Ariana, had begun to unravel. In its place, I driven by an insatiable desire for what the social dialectic could offer me. Kneeling on the floor, I could feel my lips moving involuntarily, forming into a smile. I felt a sudden and uncontrollable urge to laugh. My laughter filled the room as the sudden hilarity of the contradiction struck me. I thought: if all pleasure was suffering and all suffering pleasure what a farce life was; all the drama and passion, all the beauty and ugliness; if all was one, what was life but absurdity?




Chapter 7




	I meditated on the social dialectic for an hour without moving, kneeling on the floor. My body had begun to ache by the end of the hour, but I was unresponsive to its entreaties. I could feel my feet beneath me beginning to lose feeling, which to me had become a sign that I was doing things correctly. My mind had drifted into the center of the emptiness that I now knew to be the social dialectic. I felt deathly calm. My body no longer seemed to have purchase over me. It was now my slave. It would follow my instructions regardless of whether it was hungry or tired. I was free to act and to act freely, unconstrained by the trappings of my humanity. 
	I could still feel, deep within me, the call of my father, speaking to me, attempting to remind me of my past, of the memories of my upbringing, of my grandfather, of Ariana. But it was a quiet call, beyond a distant void. My mind reminded itself that I knew who I was; I was simply learning everything I could for my mission. I would never allow myself to obey the policy of propagation. The social dialectic was simply a tool that I needed in order to make the right decisions and follow my principles. It was a convenient logic. It gave me the false impression that I was the same man, even though I no longer remembered my life as I had. I was unsure if Ariana had been with another woman, or whether my father had indeed cheated, or whether my grandfather had died before I was born. It no longer mattered to me. It was an irrelevancy. It was all redefined in the shadow of the social dialectic. 
	After the hour of meditation, I sat down on the bed and began to read the dossier I had been given. I flipped open the document to where I had been reading the briefing about William Franklin and the Mormon Free State. There had been an effort after the formation of the NAU to integrate the militias of the Northern United States into the NAU military. It was thought that allowing these militias to continue to operate in the inhabitable zones beyond the territory of the reformed NAU was undesirable, owing to their religious extremism and weapons. The NAU had from the start been the creation of the liberal upper class, an alternative to the possibility of armed conflict between the Northern United States and Canada. But from the beginning it was never truly an equal union. The government of the reformed NAU had an overabundance of American representatives, arising out of the massive influx of illegal and legal refugees. The American military, despite being affected by the disease and the unrest south of the border, remained the dominant land based military force on the continent. After the Southern United States was overrun with Mexican refugees and the stockpiles of energy and food were exhausted, the end result was night time rioting. Millions of people taking to the streets, searching for whatever food was left. The United States Military had been called in to put down the unrest, but after it became clear that the heat wouldn’t abate, the US government decided to pull out the military to the habitable zone near the Canada/United States border. The end result of this decision, although tactically sound, was the starvation and murder of millions of Southerners. The United States retained its capacity to mobilize its military. It retained its Aircraft Carriers, which were quickly shifted to cooler latitudes, but its people suffered a catastrophic disaster. 
	After the United States military moved north, the Southern States essentially disintegrated. The government moved as many people as they could afford to provide for to the safety zone and used their own military to repel the refugees. In the end, it was the United States military that watched many millions die of the heat and starvation, simply out of a need to conserve resources for those that remained. 
	The militias had operated in the regions south of the safety zone. They had worked to accumulate the resources that were left for their own people, defending them if necessary by force of arms. As a result, among the Northern states, the militias retained a kind of authority outside the NAU territory, managing resources and ensuring that their people stayed alive. The militias by necessity began to trade with the pre-union United States and Canada, setting up a kind of buffer region between the wasteland and the North. 
	The NAU was never totally comfortable with these militias retaining their arms and territory south of the safety zone. But, they viewed them as the least bad option, in that they still managed to keep alive small pockets of US citizens. Beyond the militias there was nothing resembling order. People began to resort to cannibalism in some areas, once food stocks were gone. The heat made livestock and crops fail, leaving nothing natural to eat. In the end, people became animals, scavenging for food where they could. 
	Since the formation of the NAU, the wasteland had been largely ignored, viewed as an unfortunate and sad result of the never ending heat. People were content to simply ignore the regions south of the border and pretend that no people remained there. The reality was that bands of people remained, living in a pre-agrarian way, consuming whatever they could get their hands on, including other people. It was said that travelling South during the night was suicide. There was no longer any mercy or humanity in the people still alive.
	The Mormon Free State maintained a military presence around its borders through the use of infantry equipped with the prismatic cloak and other technologies to preserve water. They constructed underground pillboxes around their borders, connected by tunnels to each other and to the underground city beneath the Salt Lake, which were manned by soldiers ordered to gun down anyone attempting to penetrate Mormon territory. It was a brutal but necessary consequence of the madness that had erupted in the absence of civilization. 
	The Mormons had begun an aggressive war to retake some of the desert. They had adapted desert warfare techniques to the new environment. They maintained small units of men equipped with weaponry, trained to move during the night and dig their way into the cool earth before sunrise, putting up their air conditioned tents below ground, and then burying them, to sleep during the day. These men had cleared out thousands of cannibals from the towns outside Salt Lake City and had pushed the territory of the Mormon Free State several hundred kilometres from the city limits. These groups had encountered militias in the scattered and dilapidated cities that they encountered. In some cases, these militias were welcomed with open arms, but any cases of cannibalism led to executions. 
	The right wing militias had immediately looked to the Mormons for support. In time, the militias unified under a common command chain, working with the Mormons to clear the wasteland of threats and exporting their brand of Christianity. The reintegration of thousands of people through the militias and the Mormons was considered one of the many triumphs of these campaigns.
	As a result of the Mormon military activity, the NAU no longer attempted to address the issues south of the border. The NAU was content with maintaining the safety zone within NAU territory. Despite this, the Mormon military activity had created a zone of uncertainty. NAU intelligence was in contact with the Mormons, but beyond the buffer zone the Mormons kept their business to themselves. Within the NAU, the conditions in the south became a mystery after the tide of refugees dried up. There were whispers about strange cults and communes forming deep in the skeletal remains of the once great American cities. 
	The NAU believed that Franklin had joined up with the militias and that he was living somewhere beyond the safety zone. The JSS was concerned that the Mormons were aware of his location and were providing his group with supplies to evade the NAU and the JSS. As a result, the Mormons were suspected of playing both sides, working with the NAU while the same time supporting a dissident. 
	The NAU government had tolerated the appearance of Mormon missionaries throughout its territories as a result of the need to keep the Mormon Free State on side. But these missions were viewed with irritation and disdain by the predominantly left wing Democratic Socialists. It was often said that the Mormons wanted to export their particular brand of madness to a population that had only just escaped another less crazy brand. The majority of the NAU citizenry viewed the Mormons as a curiosity, neither the future nor the past. The government of the NAU was unsympathetic to the plight of the militias and those who would view God as the solution to the problem of the disease.
	Of late, policies within the NAU had caused friction with the Mormon Free State. The government had quietly moved to make prescription antibiotics available over the counter to people suffering from venereal diseases as a result of the scarcity of fertile men. There was a short epidemic of sexually transmitted diseases after the implementation of propagation. As a result, the government had moved to require monthly physical exams for unafflicted men. It had then made it a criminal offence to engage in sexual intercourse while aware one was infected with an STD. But the social repercussions of propagation required that something be done about the issue. 
	The Mormon Free State viewed the policy of propagation as a monstrosity designed to proliferate premarital sex and immorality. The institution of polygamy was viewed as a moral and social necessity. The policy making of the Mormons had become a problem for the NAU owing to the fact that social conditions were making their policies seem persuasive to the population. This had the inevitable effect of drawing people to the religion, igniting a wave of conversions. The NAU government had become increasingly aggressive in the use of Health Department messages to perpetuate its view of human sexuality. Children were aggressively taught in the Public School system that single marriage and monogamy were no longer realistic social institutions, while at the same time refusing to mention polygamy. The result was a proliferation of homosexuality among the female population. As a result of the scarcity of fertile men, the government had to institute affirmative action measures to ensure that employment positions were granted on the basis of merit. Corruption became an increasingly important issue, as a result of the misuse of positions of authority for the sex trade. Unafflicted men were often accused of using their sexuality to gain positions of authority or financial prominence. The government viewed these situations as a source of unnecessary social stress. Among the female population, especially the gay population, these men were viewed as social parasites. 
	The increasingly liberal policies of the NAU were viewed with great disaffection by the Mormons who believed that the disaster had only occurred because of the world’s liberalisation. It was often remarked among the Mormons that the longer the NAU continued to exist, without adopting Mormonism, the more likely a second disaster would come and finish the job. This thinking made foreign policy between the two countries difficult. Neither wanted friction but the ideals of the two countries were so different that in practice it made contact difficult.
	The appearance of William Franklin couldn’t have come at a worse time for the NAU. The Mormon Free State viewed him as a sign that things were beginning to change. It was hoped that a new political movement would emerge that would counter the policies of the ruling Democratic Socialists. The only other political party to seek seats at the most recent election was a small right wing party, comprised of mostly Afflicted men, that was dwindling in members and support as the years wore on. That party had managed only a small slice of the electorate, and it was a shrinking slice. The Mormons hoped that their surging numbers within the NAU would coalesce into a political force. It was hoped that the NAU could be saved from within.
	As a result, it was not surprising to the NAU that rumours suggested that William Franklin had moved into militia territory. The militias remained a shadowy group, but they all had ties to the Mormons. JSS intelligence suggested that the Mormons knew more than they admitted, although they pleaded ignorance. In any event, the militias were under no one’s authority and the prospect of an aggressive incursion into their territory was not something that people viewed positively. The militias would use guerrilla tactics and were bound to cause an unnecessary number of deaths. In any event, they were so well adapted to the wasteland it was thought they would simply move further south. And with the Mormons giving them supplies, there was no way to starve them out.
	The JSS had incredible amounts of intelligence about the Mormons and about citizenry within the NAU. But the militias were tribal. They didn’t use computers or cell phones. They lived simply. It was difficult to track their movements with satellites. The government of the NAU had considered using military drones to invade the buffer zone, but the government considered the militias a necessary evil, to keep out what lay beyond. In any event, the government was not prepared to begin a campaign against the militias on the basis that Franklin was now in control. It was unclear whether Franklin truly lived among them. The intelligence was inconclusive. More than anything, the NAU needed more information. If the militias were a threat, if they supported his campaign of terrorism, then the use of drones to push them south might be necessary.
	I flipped the dossier to the next section, which was a briefing as to my role and mission. I read it carefully. I had been recruited to gather intelligence by infiltrating a group of Christian Afflicted in Riel City. It was thought that Franklin and the militias were using Afflicted Christian communities within the NAU for supplies and resources. These groups remained fiercely loyal to him and to the militias that lay beyond, viewing the NAU as an abomination and the events of the never ending heat as the end of days.
	I would be introduced to this group by an Afflicted JSS informant that had been monitoring them for months. I would retain my identity, using my own experiences to create a narrative about my decision to leave the JSS. I would approach them as a revolutionary who quit the JSS out of hatred for the policy of propagation. The story so closely fit my own thoughts that it made my skin crawl. The documents that they had on me had provided them with such a close picture of my life experiences that predicting my behaviour became a simple task. But, although I retained my memories, the training they had given me had made me insensitive to the feelings of embarrassment and shock that had shaped my perspective in the days before. I no longer felt as if these things mattered to me. I was given a mission and I had the social dialectic. 
	I closed the dossier on the bed and laid down, resting my head on the pillow. I put my arms behind my head and found myself thinking of Cassandra and her offer. I knew that my principles were weakening. I was losing my identity.
	I turned on my side. I thought about my father, about what he had said to me before I’d boarded the bus to Fort McMurray. He told me: “Never forget where you came from.” I felt an emptiness inside me where the social dialectic was; an emptiness that scared me. I tried to remember the way Ariana smiled at me, her head resting in my lap as we sat on a bench in the park beside Great Slave Lake. I couldn’t picture her face anymore. I couldn’t bring her eyes to memory. I felt cut off. I felt a deep emptiness. 
	I put my hand under the pillow and felt something solid. I sat up and reached under the pillow, pulling out a small worn notebook. I opened the book carefully, feeling curious but also suspicious. The first page was written in a sprawling blue ink. There was a date at the top of the book:  January 22, 1999. On the inside cover of the notebook, it read: “Simon Maralis’ Journal.” I read the name again, but it was unfamiliar to me. I flipped through the pages slowly, reading the text, which appeared to follow a narrative – the life of this Simon Maralis. I closed the notebook and peered around my room, which showed no signs of an interloper. I opened the book again and began to read:

	Today I discovered that the face that looks back at me in the mirror is the same face that haunts me. I was participating in a group theory discussion, a small group, and all of a sudden everyone in the room started staring at me. I felt myself going deeply red, my eyes widening in terror as they roamed from face to face. And then, when I knew I couldn’t leave without causing a scene, I realized something. That same face looking back at me with its dull eyes, from each of them, was my face. It was the face of the part of me that they had created and moulded, the part of me that I hated, and that I had cut out of my mind. I discovered that my torturer is none other than myself, or at least, a shadow of me, which has no mercy or compassion.
	I’ve been having the dreams again. I am in a deep sleep and then I feel a presence in the room; I feel it coming closer to me. And then, when it reaches me, it touches my sleeping body. I can’t move and its touch is painful. It has a glowing shape, a shadow surrounded by light. Its touch is suffering, and it has no love for me. It is empty and void and yet it seems to have chosen me. It comes almost every night now. And I awake screaming. It has now been almost a year since I began to hear other people’s thoughts. 	
	That is the contradiction: that is the truth. It is a truth constructed out of knowing that I am nothing. You see now don’t you? It is not a coincidence that electrical current is produced by an imbalance of positive and negative charges. But positive and negative charges are relatively defined. They are defined as opposites. In this world, all define themselves by likeness and oppositeness. They will always try to define themselves in this way. You must become the contradiction to be free of the conditional. Once you are free of contingency, they will be defined by you. But you must destroy your opposite. You must destroy yourself. Only when you are free of everything can you become the ground of everything. 
	But the beginning is the true dialectic.

	I tried to make sense of what I was reading but the language was odd and there was no context to what was written. It was difficult to understand. I knew that he was talking about the social dialectic, but beyond that it was a mystery to me. I flipped through the pages to the last section of the notebook. The last page was torn in half. The journal entry was incomplete. I read it to myself:

	I no longer need to speak with them to interrupt their thoughts. I was sitting in the lecture hall and the professor became unable to continue the lesson: he was crippled by self-consciousness. I have turned my mind into a terrible weapon. The words that spring forth from my consciousness no longer possess meaning in the sense of being part of a process of thoughts arising from my ego. There is no longer any ego from which my thoughts might stem. Instead, pure vitriol spews from my unconscious into those around me. They do not understand why they cannot concentrate or think. I have discovered that I can do it by will alone. I can turn it off and on. It is a strange and yet awesome thing, this new faculty. 
	It began as a kind of echolocation. At first, I simply wanted to prove to myself that I was not crazy. I wanted to show that my telepathy was not a form of psychosis or schizophrenia. So I focused on mind on transmitting not an instruction, but an insult, an insult so disturbing that it would unsettle even the most thoughtful mind. I focused on this task, devoting my energy to reorienting the unconscious link toward this end. I have succeeded. From my mind, a stream of vitriol spews into the minds of others and they cannot help but be disconcerted, unconsciously. They stop speaking instantly, stumbling for words. They sometimes reach for their forehead as if stricken by a terrible headache. And then I know that I have succeeded. I am not crazy. 
	That is how it began, but now there is no doubt, and instead, I am intoxicated by the power of it. I cannot help myself any longer. I use this ability ceaselessly, wherever I go. Sometimes it causes people to burst out, saying something absurd, totally out of context and without sense. There is a shock to their faces when this happens. And yet I know that this cannot last. They know, unconsciously, what is happening and they will find a way to push back. Newton’s Second Law has an application to the unconscious as it does to the conscious. But Newton assumed cause and effect and I have discovered the link can be broken. It is not cause and effect which rules this world, it is context. I have now discovered that my mind receives feelings before their proximate cause. It is a strange thing. But I was walking down the street and I had a feeling that reminded me of a woman from my past: a pretty girl with blond hair and blue eyes. I had this feeling and then not thirty seconds later, she drove by. That is the first time I noticed it. But since then it happens many times a day. It is as if my mind is ahead of the world around me. It is as if the link between cause and effect have been reversed. How else could I feel the feeling that is the effect before the cause? 
I believe that this is because of the dialectic. I believe the true dialectic has made all contingent on me. I am the cause and they are the effect. She drove by because I had the feeling not the other way around. Don’t you see? It worked! I am no longer contingent. I am no longer conditional. They will be unable to escape the fullness inside me as it expands. It does not help them to resist the disturbance that I create, but it allows them to move past it. I am no longer subject to the tyranny of science. 
 I have stretched it out almost six minutes. The feeling has become a word which makes it easier for me to find a context for it. But everyone around me has suddenly become insatiable for my suffering. The world now sees me as the source of suffering. I am now an unconscious enemy. They hunt me wherever I go and I can find no rest. I feel the eye of God, looking down inside me and inside all. I can sometimes see with His eyes. He sees so deeply into their hearts. But I can free myself of it. If I think as if to become but then don’t follow through. I can no longer allow myself to become. It is too abhorrent. But, I am satisfied by making others become.
 I am able to use this connection to place words and even sentences into the unconscious of others. I am able to alter their identity through the appropriate placement of a single word at the right moment. But I see now that it is memory calibration that is the predominant form of social manipulation; by transmitting a common memory which is embarrassing or painful or favourable one can create continuity with a favoured self.
 I can influence their unconscious decision over days and months. I can transform them from what they are into what they are not. All identity is socialized I now know. I have undone them, their memories easily adapted to a new narrative, constructed by my mind and placed in theirs without their knowledge. I can program them as if they were robots, each for a specific task. They must change when they encounter me, because I do not.  

	I flipped the book over to the back cover. There was a note on the back with a woman’s handwriting. It read: “I believe this will help you on your mission. Cassandra.” I shook my head. It felt very strange to read this man’s writings. I felt a sharp pain in my forehead as I closed the notebook, unsure if I wanted to read more. There was a power to his words. Had I read it before joining the JSS, I would probably have disregarded it as the ranting of a lunatic. But much of what he was saying fit closely with what I had been taught by the JSS instructors. I tried to imagine this man, Simon, using his mind alone to break the concentration of others on the other side of the room. It was scary to think that anyone could have that power. But I knew it was only the beginning of it. If this Simon was the same man that Two had mentioned, then he was not only still alive, he was behind the JSS. I could only imagine what kind of power this man had if he had been able to do this over thirty years ago. It made me wonder why Cassandra would have given me his journal, given everything I knew about the JSS and their opinion of me. 
	I decided to leave the journal for another day. I placed it under my bed on top of the dossier. I climbed out of my bed and turned the light in the room off. As I laid back down on the bed, I found myself thinking of that jail cell, almost wistfully. For a reason I cannot explain, I climbed off the cot and laid down on the hard floor. It felt familiar to me. I fell asleep almost instantly.
	I awoke with a terrible headache. I grasped at my temple, which throbbed beneath my fingertips. I could hear the sound of boots landing on the tile outside my door. I got up, walking slowly over to the door out of curiosity. I opened the door and peered out. Outside, there was a column of men in JSS uniforms that looked like Acolytes walking by; the sound of boots slamming against the tile echoed through the brick building. I closed the door and sat down on the bed.
Today was supposed to be more combat training. I checked my watch. It was five thirty in the morning. I didn’t feel like sleeping, so I decided to read a bit more from the dossier. I opened it on the bed and flipped it to the section about my contacts. The first document was a description of the contact linked to Franklin’s Christian circle. I opened the document and began to read. 
The contact’s name was James Black. He was fifty-five years old and employed as a sanitation worker. He was responsible for clearing trash from a group of public housing apartment blocks in the East end of Riel City. He was assigned to work with a man named Gary Whitfield who was a known drug addict and small time gambler. Whitfield drove the truck and Black moved the garbage. Whitfield was on the payroll of the JSS and monitored Black and the rest of the group. 
James Black had been an evangelical pastor prior to the disease. He had spent five years in a treatment home with severe cognitive dysfunction that had disabled him. After the medications were invented, he was assigned to work as a sanitation worker by the Department of Public Health. 
Franklin had not been seen in Riel City for over a year. But there were whispers among some of the JSS operatives that the group to which Black belonged had created an underground network south to allow for Christians to move into the NAU and back across the border into militia territory. Riel City led straight to Franklin. All I had to do was get into his group and convince them that I believed in God. 
I heard a knock on the door. I put the dossier down and closed it. From behind me, I heard someone enter the room. 
“Number 1.” It was Two’s voice. “There is a special lecture beginning at 6 a.m. about the policy of propagation that I would like you to attend.”
I turned around. Two was standing in the doorway. 
“Good morning,” I said.
“And to you, Acolyte. 
He continued. “The lecture is being given in the gymnasium prior to combat training. It begins in about twenty minutes.” He looked at his watch. “I would suggest you grab something to eat quickly.”
Two left the room, leaving the door open. I picked up the dossier and the notebook and placed them under my bed. I went into the bathroom and quickly brushed my teeth and straightened out my hair. I left the bathroom and closed the door to my bedroom, entering the empty hall. I walked quickly toward the cafeteria, dodging Number 12 from my unit as he walked right down the middle of the hallway without making any effort to move.
I turned the corner and opened the doors to the cafeteria. It was just starting to empty. There was a single table empty in the middle of the room. I grabbed a tray and tossed an apple and some boxed cereal onto a plate. I poured milk into the box from a dispenser, and then I picked up a spoon and sat down at the free table, forcing the cereal down my throat. When I was finished the cereal, I picked up the apple and took a bite, while with my free hand I carried my tray to the garbage. I left the cafeteria after a few minutes, winding my way back through the hallways to the gymnasium, which I found full of other Acolytes sitting on the floor in uniform. The speaker had a projection screen up at the front and was talking to the combat instructor.
I walked around the group of talking men keeping my eyes on the floor, not paying any attention to those who were part of my unit at Basic. I took a seat at the back of the auditorium, next to a man with short blond hair. He looked over at me as I sat down.
“First time for combat training?” He said.
I was irritable and I didn’t feel like talking to him. “No. Second time.”
“How’s it going?”
“Okay, I suppose. I haven’t actually been able to spar yet.”
“You’ll get your chance. The instructors are usually pretty hard on the new guy. They want us to be tough I guess.”
“I guess.”
The man at the front had long white and grey hair and a tall thin frame. He had the look of a psychiatrist. I guessed he was from the JSS Sciences division. He put his arms up to call the crowd to silence. Slowly the room went quiet. The combat instructor took a seat on the ground near the wall.
“Gentlemen! Please.” 
Everyone was quiet. He began to speak. “Today I want to speak with you all about the NAU policy of propagation. I think it is important for you all to be informed.”
He paused, letting the silence stretch on. He used a controller and the screen flashed on revealing statistics and summarizing his points. He walked over beside it and began to speak.
“Propagation was passed by act of the NAU parliament on June 24, 2028. It was intended to address the demographic problem faced by the human race as a result of the disease. Propagation is a three-pronged policy. The first prong instituted financial support for mothers of multiple children. The second prong added to the JSS’s primary mission of maintaining the security of the NAU to include the propagation of the human race through multiple births. The third prong created the Department of Fertility an offshoot of the Department of Public Health, giving the Fertility department full authority over enhancing the fertility of women and promoting the production of disease resistant children.”
The man with the blond hair leaned over, speaking under his breath. “Didn’t we learn this shit in high school?”
“Propagation is more than just a policy. It is the most important directive of the human race. Since the disease first appeared in the NAU in 2020 over ten million men have died, most between the ages of thirteen and eighteen. It is projected that by 2040 an additional fifty million men will have died. By 2050, at current growth rates, the population of the NAU will fall from 150 million today, in 2028, to 75 million, of which ninety-nine percent will be female.”
“More for us,” the blond haired man said.
“The consequences of such a population decline will be catastrophic. Even if that one percent maintain a birthrate of two children per couple, the population of the NAU will decline in sixty years to approximately 2 million people.”
The man took a breath and then began to walk to the other side of the screen. He spoke again: “Up until the disease it was acceptable for our birth rate to remain less than 2 children per couple. This was largely as a result of social factors and considerations about a demographic crisis. The population of the Earth in 2010 was about seven billion people. Since the disease and never ending heat, the population of the Earth has fallen to less than a billion people.”
“If something is not done, the human race will number less than fifty million by the end of this century. These numbers are insufficient for us to retain our position as a technologically advanced agricultural civilization. This will mean a return to nomadic life and in all probability the extinction of the human race.”
“Propagation is not just a policy designed to address our urgent demographic crisis in order to maintain our quality of life and economic prosperity. It is the central focus of the continued existence of the human race.”
“As members of the JSS, you are responsible not just for ensuring that the human race continues to survive and dominate this planet, you are the guardians of our genetic fate. Your genes will form the bedrock of the new generations. Your failings will become their failings. You must ensure that you represent the best humanity has to offer. At the same time, you must realize that you have a responsibility to lead this country, not just militarily, but economically and politically. You must be responsible and must accept your responsibility as the future fathers of millions of unborn citizens. It is your duty not just to the NAU but to the human race to procreate and produce as many offspring as you possibly can.”
“So I call upon you to donate your sperm to as many clinics in as many cities as you can as often as you can. Engage in intercourse anonymously as it is the most efficient way to spread your genes. I am not cautioning you to refrain from forming romantic relationships, but if you do, you must not allow these relationships to prevent you from fulfilling your duties. Even today, in our situation, many women continue to believe that relationships are part of procreation. You must remind them that you have a higher duty to you country and to your species. Romantic relationships will only undermine your ability to fulfill the objectives of propagation.”
	“That’s what I’m talking about,” the blond haired man said.
	“I also call upon you to maintain contact with your caseworkers from the Department of Health and Fertility. You must ensure that you keep your physicals to prevent you from spreading venereal diseases. You must take your prophylactic antibiotics. You must make sure that you do not break the criminal code by engaging in intercourse in full knowledge that you are infected. You will not be sentenced; the JSS are exempted from punishment under that law. But if you become infected you must seek a regimen of treatment and refrain from intercourse except with other infected women.”
	“You also have a responsibility to the women of the JSS to ensure that they have access to you during their sabbaticals and especially during the fertile period of the month. The women of JSS are the best that humanity has to offer and your children will be the leaders of tomorrow.”
	“I caution you men, to never allow this responsibility to undermine the morale and discipline of this organization. Your superior officers remain your superior officers. If you are asked to engage in intercourse you are not compelled to, but you are strongly encouraged to comply. You will keep discipline. You will not allow your duties to affect the chain of command. You will not allow your duty to affect the public’s perception of the JSS as a military organization responsible for their freedom.”
	“You will treat women with the utmost respect or you will face the censure of the JSS Disciplinary Committee. If a complaint is filed by any woman that you engage in intercourse with, you may lose your rank or even be sentenced to a prison term. You will treat women with respect and according to the discipline and code of conduct of this organization or you will be punished.”
“You will review the JSS Propagation Manual which details the most effective sexual positions and techniques for encouraging conception. You will receive constructive feedback from your superior officers during your time here. You will work with them to achieve maximum fertility. You will thoroughly familiarize yourself with the manual.”
A hand rose near the front of the room. The speaker turned to the man. After a few seconds, he gestured toward him. The man stood up. He came to attention.
“You have a question, Acolyte?”
“Yes, sir.”
“What is it?”
“Is group sex encouraged under the policy of propagation?”
“If it allows you the chance to conceive with more than one woman then it is encouraged. The policy of propagation serves one purpose: to perpetuate the human race. Any behaviour, I repeat, any behaviour, that has the potential of conceiving a child is encouraged by the policy of propagation.”
The man nodded. “Thank you, Sir.” He sat down.
The psychiatrist began to pace back and forth in front of the screen. “You may have reservations about what I have told you today. Some of you may be attached to the old ways. You may view romantic relationships as a natural part of conception. You are wrong. The human race was created by evolutionary processes. Behaviours that undermine the success of a species are evolutionarily disadvantageous. Species are perpetuated by sex and not by relationships. The state supports mothers financially and socially. The father is an unnecessary part of child rearing. The human race is no longer a monogamous species. Monogamy is extinct. And if we hold onto it, so will we be.”
The speaker stopped in front of the screen. “Any of you caught using birth control will be charged with an offence under the Health Code. Birth control is illegal in the NAU. Anyone caught distributing it will be sentenced to a prison term. You will not traffic in materials for the purposes of masturbation or you will be charged. Anyone caught masturbating will be disciplined. You must not waste your sperm. We need every single one of them.”
The blond haired man beside me started chuckling to himself. He said: “Like they can enforce that one.”
“You will be given a hygienic kit along with your manual that you are required to use as indicated. You will maintain your bodies hygienically, following the grooming instructions in the manual. These guidelines are designed to assist you in maintaining your sexual health and fertility. They are designed to help you to avoid infection while at the same time facilitating the possibility of conception by encouraging climax in your partners. You will attempt to learn as much as you can about causing climax as it is the best way to ensure conception.”
“If for any reason you develop a psychological or physical problem that prevents you from fulfilling propagation you will report it to your case manager at the Department of Fertility. You will receive psychological counselling, medications and other treatments to return you to potency. You will report any signs of propagation fatigue, which is a recognized DSM XXIV psychological disorder. You will receive treatment accordingly.”
“Is that understood?”
The crowd shouted: “Yes, Sir!”
“Excellent,” he said. “I encourage you to seek me out if you have any questions. I will be on site for the next few hours before I return to Riel City. I will be handing out applications for the JSS Sciences Division. I encourage anyone who excelled in high school to apply.”
“Dismissed!” 
The combat instructor stood up, calling the men to attention. The auditorium filled with the sound of conversation as the men began to stretch. The psychiatrist at the front of the room turned off the screen and walked over to the combat instructor and began to speak with him. 
I was staring at the floor, finding it difficult to keep my face from showing what I was feeling inside. I had heard some of that speech in high school, but the JSS was a very different organization with a very specific mission. It was difficult for me to hear the specific instructions and the way that it was expressed as a responsibility. I understood the reasons behind the policy. I understood the instructions – they made sense in that they reflected the policy of propagation. But I couldn’t shake the feeling of shock that had come over me as I heard the psychiatrist explain himself. I don’t know why it bothered me so much. Part of me had given up on being with Ariana for the rest of my life. I didn’t know any more if what they had said about her was true. But even so, with the social dialectic deep inside my mind, I was still struggling with propagation. As the seconds passed, I realized that this was the reason that I had been chosen for my mission. It was the reason that I was still in the JSS. It felt strange to be valued for precisely the opposite reasons as the rest of the recruits. I felt strangely used but also important because of my individuality. 
I thought about what he had said about the future of the human race and it troubled me. I did not want the human race to become extinct. I didn’t want to stand in the way of the survival of the species. If propagation was necessary than how could I object to it? Perhaps I was just “developmentally delayed” or psychologically ill as he put it. Perhaps my reaction was simply wrong. I could hardly expect people to just let our race go on to extinction because of my principles. 
The man beside me nudged me on the shoulder because I was still sitting on the floor. He was smiling. 
“We live in a beautiful time, my friend. This is heaven.”
I stood up, trying not to look as troubled as I felt. Why was it so hard for me to see things their way? Why was I different? 
I pushed by the man beside me and walked to the front. There was a table beside the psychiatrist with application forms on it. I picked up a form and a pen and walked over to the wall, reading it over. There had to be another way. There had to be a way to fix the disease. Maybe I would join the JSS Sciences Division after my mission. Maybe I could help to cure the disease so propagation wouldn’t be necessary. After all, millions of men were going to die because of it. If they could be saved, then wouldn’t that be better than the alternative? 
I started filling out the form, pressing it against the gymnasium wall. The pen broke through the paper as it dipped into a crack in the plaster. Irritated, I kept on writing. At the bottom of the form was a section for more information. I wrote: I have a mission within the JSS that I am required to fulfill, but upon completion of that mission I wish to enrol in the Sciences Division. I finished the form and dropped it into a box on the table next to the psychiatrist. He was busy talking to the instructor. When I was finished, I made my way to the change room to get out of my uniform. The auditorium was starting to empty by this time. I changed into my exercise uniform, leaving my formal uniform in the change room. As I was leaving, a number of other men were entering, presumably to change into their exercise uniform. Out in the gymnasium, the trainer was busily setting up the mats. I walked up beside him and asked him if I could assist him. He nodded to me. I spent the next quarter hour getting things ready for the combat training. By this time the gymnasium was full of men doing preparatory exercises. When we were finished the instructor called me over.
“Before the rest of the men are ready, I want to talk to you a bit more about the unattached action.”
I knelt down on the ground, making my posture rigid as I listened in preparation for his instructions.
He began to speak: “All actions that arise from deference make you predictable to your opponent. The more deference your opponent accumulates against you, the more predictable your actions become. The unattached action arises out of the social dialectic. This makes it unpredictable and gives it its power.”
“Achieving the social dialectic and the unattached action allows you to impose deference upon your opponent, rendering them predictable to you. That means that in addition to allowing you to subconsciously influence their behaviour, the social dialectic enables you to see ahead, to anticipate their actions.”
I understood exactly what he was saying; it was the same thing that Simon’s Journal had mentioned. I nodded at him, indicating that I understood.
“The linking of others actions to your anticipatory expectations makes it appear to your opponent that you are moving more quickly than you are. Thus, the unattached action permits you to make tangential strikes, which would appear erratic to a mind delayed by deference, but which arise from an intentional plan devised through anticipatory knowledge.”
As I waited, kneeling on the mats, the trainer turned towards the rest of the men. They came to attention. He spoke briefly to them, and then he dismissed the group, giving them instructions to begin sparring. When they had dispersed, he walked over to me and spoke:
“Number 1, I do not expect you to master the unattached action today. Your handler, Cassandra, has told me that you will be shipping out to Riel City tomorrow. As a result, I am going to be working with you today on achieving the unattached action.”
“Tomorrow?” I said. “I wasn’t aware of that.”
I was being shipped out tomorrow? This was the first I heard of it, I thought. If that was true then it meant they expected me to begin my mission immediately. I felt a tightness deep in my gut. I had barely learned the JSS techniques. I had almost no experience in the field. My experience in Basic taught me the rudimentary aspects of combat, but I received no preparation for infiltration. 
The instructor knelt beside me. “I understand that you have been given a special mission. I will do my best to prepare you in the time that we have.”
I tried not to look as anxious as I felt. I wasn’t being given the time I needed to prepare. I needed more time to learn the techniques and master the ideas. I didn’t feel ready to be put into action. I needed to talk to Cassandra. They needed to give me more time. 
“I am not ready,” I said.
“You will have to be.”
 I kept kneeling, trying to remain focused on keeping my posture upright. My feet had fallen asleep, which was a sign to me that the technique was working.
“Finish your warm up and meet me in the middle of the mats.” He stood up and walked away.
I knelt on the floor for several minutes as my mind grappled with the prospect of lying to known members of a terrorist cell. I had trouble understanding why the JSS would be using someone with almost no experience and little mastery of their discipline. I struggled to piece together the motivation of my superiors. It didn’t fit together. Why use someone with obvious sympathies toward the extremist group? Why treat me in a such a way as to encourage my sense being wronged? It was almost as if they wanted me to join them; it was almost as if the whole thing was a set-up. 
I let my eyes close as I settled into my meditation. My mind emptied of thoughts slowly, and in time I found myself falling into a state of relaxation. My breathing came in slow breaths. I could feel the social dialectic inside me, the peace and calmness at the center of a storm. I knelt that way until the tension had left my body. When I felt secure in my comprehension of the social dialectic, I sat down on the mats and began to practice my breathing. After a few minutes, I felt confident and so I spoke to myself.
“The social dialectic.” My voice was deep and booming, signifying that I had reached the proper state.
I stood up, carefully measuring my movements with my intention, focussing my mind on each movement. I walked toward the instructor who was working with an Acolyte to improve his posture and technique, his hands moving the man’s elbow as he threw a punch. When he was finished, he noticed me standing nearby. 
“Everybody take a five minute break, I’ll be working with Number 1 for a while.”
The group broke up and split into pairs for sparring. The trainer came over to stand beside me, careful to not invade my body space, which was saturated by the dialectic.
“I can feel it. You are doing well. Now you just have to learn how to maintain that state.” 
I nodded.
“Today I want to practice sparring with you. You already know the basic techniques of combat both martial arts and basic hand to hand. I don’t have the time to work on technique with you. What I want to focus on is enhancing your ability to use deference to delay or otherwise disrupt your opponent’s intention. This basic technique will allow you to surprise your opponent and defeat opponents who are better fighters.”
“If we are able to do that then I want to move onto suggestion, wherein you transmit a false instruction to your opponent, which will give you the opportunity to make a strike.”
“Finally, I want to try to develop your ability to strike your opponent with the unattached action, from the social dialectic.”
“I’m ready,” I said. 
The instructor walked away from me, taking his place opposite me on a line of white tape. I walked forward and took my place on a parallel line of white tape about four feet from him. He straightened up his posture, bringing himself square with me. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment. 
“We are going to practice attacking and defending. I want you to try to hit me first. I will defend. And then we will reverse. Once we have a good rhythm, I want you to try to create dominance using a strike or series of strikes while at the same time sending me a disruptive thought.”
“What kind of thought?” I said.
“It doesn’t matter. Use your imagination.”
I nodded. I tried to remember Two’s earlier lessons about creating deference and using the unconscious pathway transmit my thoughts. I tried to think about what kind of thoughts the instructor would find disruptive, but I didn’t know very much about the man, so I found this difficult. Every time an idea came into my head, I dismissed it, feeling either embarrassed or disgusted. 
The instructor was looking at me. Finally, he said: “Call me a curse word.” 
I nodded to him. I readied myself, keeping my posture straight and concentration on my movements. When I was ready, I stepped forward off the white line. The instructor did the same. He nodded to me.
Immediately, I took a step forward while at the same time bringing my right fist forward, aiming for his chest while bringing my left fist back, and exhaling as my arm hit his block. The instructor took a step back while parrying my thrust with a low block. Encouraged, I began to counterattack. We moved back and forth on the mats like this for about a minute, as I switched between my left and right fists, changing from low punches to high punches, while he countered with blocks. By the end of the minute, my breathing was rushed.
I forced myself forward suddenly, springing toward him, catching him off guard, as he attempted to step back and block. My fist came close to his chest, but before it made contact his arm slammed into mine, causing a sharp pain, and preventing me from making contact with his chest. I tried to think of an insult to send him, activating the pathways connected to motor planning of my mouth muscles but without actually speaking. The word that I managed to form was: Dickhead.
The instructor’s expression did not change. He simply took a step back, waiting for my next attack. I let my fists fall to my sides.
“It didn’t work,” I said.
“You just need practice. It is difficult to perform both actions simultaneously. Try again.”
I took my position opposite him, readying myself. He was waiting for me. I took a step forward, this time aiming for his face. He blocked it. I sped up my attacks, deciding to switch between my right and left a couple of times before I used a low kick, intending to attempt to create deference. This time, as I brought my kick toward him, I formed the word: Dickhead. His block came late and he had to jump sideways to avoid contact. 
“Well done, Number 1. It is easiest to do when you have a plan. But you must be careful because against one of us, there is a chance that your plan might enter the awareness of your opponent, allowing them to anticipate your actions. You must be careful to use both planned and erratic strikes until you develop the ability to use the unattached action.”
I was pleased that I had succeeded, and a smile involuntarily crept onto my face.
“Let’s continue,” he said.
We spent the next half hour repeating the same process, with me on the offensive and him on the defensive. I managed to succeed about every other attempt. But as my attention became more focused on my strikes, it became easier to make attempts. Rather than waiting minutes in between attempts, I was able to attempt to create deference once in a series of five or six strikes. By the end of the half hour, I was feeling worn out. 
The instructor took a step back and spoke: “You may take a five minute break. And then I want to work on defending against deference. I will be on the offensive and you on the defensive.”
I nodded, gathering myself. I walked to the side of the gymnasium to drink from the water fountain. My mouth filled with cool water. I walked around the outside of the gym, stretching for a few minutes as my breathing returned to normal. Once I felt rested, I knelt down on the mats and re-established my link to the social dialectic. When my breathing was regular and the calm saturated my body, I returned to the center of the mats.
“I’m ready,” I said.
We lined up on the tape and began to spar. The instructor was much faster than I was, and I found it difficult to prevent him from overwhelming me. He was able to make contact with his sixth strike. By this time, my mind was protesting, my concentration broken. I felt deep beneath the surface of my thoughts disturbing images and words working their way through my consciousness. My heart was pounding from an outpouring of adrenaline. When he noticed my distress, he stopped, taking up a position back on the tape.
“You will find it easier to maintain your connection to the social dialectic once you develop the ability to prevent deference. Right now my movements must seem very quick to you.”
“Too quick,” I said weakly.
“I seem too quick because I am using the unattached action. Your body’s reaction to deference is to pump out adrenalin, which causes you to move faster. The faster you move the more difficult you will find it to focus your attention upon the movements of each block, so you become sloppy. At the same time you know you are losing, so your face expresses it – a sign of submission. Your spatial position becomes conditioned by my intention.”
“I don’t understand.”
“It’s like quicksand. The more out of control you feel the more you express it. The more difficult you find it to escape.”
“So what do I do?” I said.
“The first thing you need to do is always remain square to your opponent. Never show signs of submission. This means that you must never express your frustration if you can. Never show your opponent the side of your face or be caught with your chin extended. Limit the sounds of your frustration. Do not whine or exhale.”
“The second thing you need to learn is how to slow things down. You cannot win if you allow the rate of your movements to be dictated by deference. When you act according to deference your body movements will fit a tense posture that undermines your attention.”
“How do I do that?”
“You must create a spatial discontinuity.”
“What does that mean?” I said weakly.
“You must eliminate the spatial cues that reflect deference.”
“What spatial cues?”
“Your position, the angle of your posture, the direction and velocity of your movements.”
I tried to remember my lessons about the nature of deference. I tried to apply them to what the combat instructor told me about creating a spatial discontinuity. I fell into deep thought. While sparring on the mats, moving back and forth, there weren’t really any spatial reference points other than the walls of the room and our position on the mats. 
“Do you mean our position on the mat?”
“First off, yes. But also your movements on the mat. As I accumulate deference against you, your unconscious actions begin to reflect a pattern of movement between your intentional actions. This pattern defines your spatial location and the point at which you are able to assert your attention and intentionally act.”
“So I move the same way unconsciously every time my intention is frustrated producing a pattern as to where I am on the mat?”
“Exactly, Number 1.”
“So how do I break the pattern?”
“Easy. You slow down or you change a reference point. You move slightly to the left, right or backward, whichever is easiest. Or, if you can, you slow down your movements for just long enough to break the pattern. This will break the deference.”
I shook my head. “I think I get it. But I am not sure if I can do that.”
“You must learn to recognize your own patterns. Once you identify the pattern, you can act to break them.”
“Okay,” I said.
“You can do this. Just concentrate. I will give you a moment to re-establish your comprehension of the social dialectic. Come back when you are ready.”
I nodded to the instructor and took a step backward to the wall. I knelt down and closed my eyes, focussing on my breathing. It took me much less time to feel the calm at the center of the dialectic. I let my breathing rise and fall as my attention filled the room. I could hear the other Acolytes sparring on the other side of the room. The instructor had gone to take a drink from the water fountain, and I could hear his tongue lapping the water up slowly. I breathed deeply, letting my body become completely calm and relaxed.
After a few more minutes meditating, I stood up and walked back to the center of the mats. The instructor was watching me, his hand absently running along his goatee. As I stood opposite him on the white line, his gaze rested on me. He stood stolidly for a minute before relaxing and moving into position.
“Begin!”
I came at him aggressively, going for his stomach with my fists and kicks. He blocked me effortlessly and countered. Before long, I was shuffling backward as I struggled to keep him from getting too close. I could feel my breathing becoming laboured. I could feel my attention fading as my movements became conditioned by frustration. I knew if I didn’t do something he would make contact. My anticipation focused my attention, and I forced myself to the side, while at the same time bringing my leg up to kick. His eyes flashed from left to right and he brought his leg up to block. I made contact with his shin. He stopped moving.
“Good, Number 1. Much better. Why did you move?”
“My instincts… I knew that I had to do something.”
“Excellent. Your instincts are a reflection of your submerged intellect, restricted from your consciousness by the social directive. Learning to trust your instincts is part of reclaiming the territory lost as deference.”
“You will find that breaking the pattern allows you a brief period of enhanced agility. This is the result of breaking deference, because you have become less predictable to your opponent. You must use this opportunity to send a disruptive thought into your opponent’s mind as he will have difficulty overcoming it.”
“I understand,” I said, feeling much more confident.
	“Let’s begin again.” He stood opposite me on the white line, waiting for me to line up opposite him.
	We began to spar again, striking and blocking as we moved back and forth across the mat. I was finding it easier to keep up with him, incorporating his teachings into my movements. He was still much more proficient at combat, but I was able to keep him at bay. As the time passed, I found my movements becoming increasingly free of my emotions: failure and success met with equal equanimity. I felt the social dialectic coming into focus in my mind, my attention filling the room, every vibration and movement filtering through my mind. The hesitation in my movements, the unconscious patterns created by deference, all seemed to drain from my strikes and blocks. I felt as if my ability to move became increasingly unimpeded, allowing me to improvise and break patterns. I suddenly found him trying to keep up with me. In the moment of realization, I struck with a right kick, using deference to transmit a simple word: submit. 
	The instructor’s blank expression seemed to change; his lips curled upward as if he was in pain. He immediately stopped his defence, taking a step back to the white line behind him. I returned to the line behind me, while continuing to face him.
	“That was excellent,” he said simply. “Your talent is not in making strikes. But you are very good at correcting for deference. That can go a long way in combat; it makes you difficult to predict.”
	“You have gone as far as I can teach you, Number 1. The rest is simply practice and technique. I must return to my class for the remainder of the day. You are free to spar with us if you choose to, but I believe that you may have a briefing scheduled with Cassandra this afternoon.”
	I wasn’t looking forward to the briefing, but I was pleased that I had been able to learn quickly in very little time. I nodded to him.
	“Good-bye, Number 1,” he said. 
	The combat instructor turned around and left me on the white line, walking toward the group sparring on the other side of the gymnasium.
	As he moved away from me, I realized that I didn’t even know his number. “What number are you?” I called after him.
	He stopped and spoke without turning around said: “I am Number 1.” 
	He walked away.
	I watched him on the other side of the room as he called the group to attention. From where I stood, I could see that most of the men were much older than me. It made me wonder how long the training process ordinarily took for the average JSS Acolyte. I knew that the few days that I had been in training had transformed me. Even though I had only been in the building less than a week, I truly felt as if I were a different person; things had become possible for me that I would never have dreamed of before Basic. At the same time, the anxiety that I had felt before combat training about my mission had faded. Somewhere along the line, the social dialectic had come into focus, creating a wall between my internal mind and my body. My emotions seemed to be outside the contradiction, while I rested in the calm inside. I felt sure that I would have much less difficulty now controlling my emotions.
	I knelt down on the mat, taking a brief moment to gather myself, letting the calm inside my mind flow into my body as my attention brought the room into focus. I remained that way for a while, feeling a sudden and uncontrollable feeling of gratitude, not to the trainers who had led me so far, but to the contradiction buried within.




Chapter 8




	I knocked on Cassandra’s door lightly as it was already slightly ajar. I only had to wait a few seconds before it opened before me. Cassandra’s hair was tied up above her head, revealing her neck, but she was wearing a JSS uniform with the pin on the collar shimmering lightly. She opened the door and immediately returned to the interior of her bedroom, taking a seat at the small table near the wall. I followed her into the room and sat down opposite her. I waited for her to speak, feeling deeply conscious of my rank. The lecture about propagation had sunken into the depths of my mind, cautioning me that her advances were not meant to be rejected. I hoped that I would be able to escape the building without being forced into anything. She sat well back of the table, so I did as well. Once I was settled, she began to speak.
	“I understand that you did well with your combat training. I am pleased.”
	“I learned a great deal,” I said.
	“And it is very well that you did. You will almost certainly need to know what you have learned before your mission is complete.”
	I kept silent. She said: “Did you read the dossier?”
	“Yes,” I said.
	“Then you know that your contact inside the group is James Black. He is a sanitation worker.”
	“I had a question about that,” I began. 
	“Of course.”
	“If he is Afflicted why is he working in manual labour?”
	“You didn’t read the whole dossier. The reason is because he is the most stubborn Afflicted in the NAU. He refused to accept a non-labour placement. He told the Department of Health that work is a gift from God.”
	“I see.”
	“James Black is not dangerous. Neither are the men that he is acquainted with. But they are the eyes and ears of the militias in Riel City. They pass everything on. They will almost certainly identify you to the militias and seek instructions. You will learn that they have access to ministry information and will know as much about you as we do. So I want you to try to fit in. I will be giving you a Bible and I want you to start reading it. The key to this mission is to prove to them that you are sincerely Christian.”
	“What are my orders?”
	“You will find someone who knows how they are getting across the border. You will join the militias. You will move into the inner circle and provide us with William Franklin’s whereabouts.”
	“How will I contact the JSS?”
	“Your microchip will transmit your GPS coordinates to the JSS Central Office. We will monitor your position at all times.”
	“What if I can’t find him or the militias? What if I get to Riel City and get nowhere?”
“You are a mind reader. You can use deference to give instructions to James Black to lead you to them. Use your head.”
I thought about her words, silently. She was waiting for me to speak. “I understand,”  
I was looking at Cassandra without blinking, thinking about everything that had happened to me since arriving at the base. Now, as it came time to leave, my mind began to fill with questions. I needed to know what was real and what was not real. I needed to know the truth about my family and Ariana. I needed to know who Simon was and why I was given the journal. 
“Can I ask you something?” I said.
“Go ahead.”
“It isn’t about my mission. It is about this place.”
“What?”
“Why are you teaching the rest of my unit something completely different from what you taught me?”
She smiled. “You noticed that.”
I continued. “My classmates are taught to become change and I am taught to stop becoming.”
“Because they do not have the social dialectic.”
“What?” 
“It’s really quite simple, Number 1. The Afflicted submit to anyone. That leaves one percent of the male population at the top. With such a small number of males, each and every one is dominant. Each and every one is an Alpha male. The alphas are provided their social position by the JSS; they maintain their dominance by forcing the people to submit. What they don’t know is that their dominance preserves our authority, because we hold deference over them.”
“The reason they aren’t told what the social dialectic is because they don’t have to be told. Dominance is a social manifestation. Those who are dominant acquire an innate unconscious understanding of deference. They instinctually do what you must do intentionally. But this knowledge is contextual. If they were formed into a hierarchy where they lost this dominance, they would lose the unconscious knowledge that goes with it. They are not free of the primitive struggle of sociality. That means that against someone like you, they stand no chance. They are the imitation. You are the real thing.”
“How many are there of us who comprehend the social dialectic?”
“Among men it is about one in twenty resistant men. Among women it is much higher.”
“How much higher?”
“Much.”
I struggled to reconcile what I was being told with what I had seen. Part of me was sure that the rest of my unit would not be happy to hear this conversation. I did not feel particularly special. In a way, it would be easier if everything was automatic, linked to some social hierarchy. It was far more difficult to master the techniques that I had learned through practice and repetition. 
“Why is it much more common among women?” I asked.
She paused, as if trying to decide whether to answer me. She said: “historically women have been more socially restricted than men, wouldn’t you say?”
I nodded. “Of course.”
“And why do you think that is?”
“Because generally speaking men are physically stronger than women.”
“That is only part of it,” she replied. “But it is the biggest part. The social directive does not affect everyone the same way. Those who are at the bottom of the social hierarchy are the most restricted from expressing certain aspects of their personality. The social hierarchy historically was split into two groupings. Among men, the most restricted were the weakest men. Among women, the most restricted were the least desirable.”
“I don’t understand how that explains it.”
“It doesn’t. The answer doesn’t lie in the way things were, it lies in how they’ve changed. The progressive movement, the emancipation of the slaves, the liberation of women, all reflected the undoing of a historical prejudice that placed certain people at the bottom of the social ladder. But these movements have not changed things entirely. We have changed things to some degree, but the same prejudices shape the social hierarchy, restricting people to a lower social position and preventing them from consciously acting out the knowledge and skills that lay within their unconscious mind.”
“So how have things changed then?”
“You cannot eliminate the social directive because you cannot eliminate the primitive struggle of sociality. It is the interplay of dominance and submission that determines the outcomes of sociality. So, the only way to free those lower in the hierarchy is to create new cooperative social groupings where the struggle for dominance internally is subordinated to the external struggle for dominance with the historically advantaged group.”
“Can you please explain that point?” I said cautiously.
“It is simple. The historically disadvantaged are marginalized within the social ladder. They are restricted socially in who they interact with. This has the effect of preventing them from forming cooperative groups that might interfere with the existing social hierarchy. Cooperative groups are able to undermine the primitive struggle of sociality. This has the effect of disrupting the natural order of the social hierarchy. Remember, individuals are restricted from certain aspects of their identity by the enforcement of submission.”
“I understand that point,” I said.
“Now you need to incorporate this into your understanding of deference. Remember, a common feeling creates an unconscious gateway. If two people who are historically disadvantaged cooperate, it has the effect of creating a sequence of continuity between their feelings, behaviours and reactions. They will react to the oppression of the social hierarchy the same way. By subordinating the primitive struggle of sociality, these groups create an internal gateway between all members, allowing the minds of those who are more advantaged to be consciously linked to those who are more restricted. The result of this is that the intellects of the lower members begin to rise out of the unconscious and into the conscious.”
“The gateway between the consciousness of these individuals is useless unless it allows them to rise within the social hierarchy. Individually, the historically disadvantaged remain disadvantaged. Their social exchanges with other members of the social hierarchy will inevitably return them to a restricted position, submerging their intellect in the unconscious mind. In order to prevent this, they must create a bridge. The bridge is the most important piece of the puzzle. It is the piece of the puzzle that translates the change created by the social grouping into a real change in the hierarchy.”
“How do they create a bridge?” I said.
“The bridge is created through the unconscious cooperation of group members to prevent submission. You probably know that deference causes tension to build within the body of the deferent. At the same time, it also undermines a person’s attention to their actions, making it difficult for them to regulate their own expression of emotion. This poor regulation is exploited by the dominant to compel submission. To escape the cycle of deference and submission, the person must keep their conscious mind from becoming submerged in the deference of the dominant. The only way to do this is to channel that unregulated emotionality into a conscious verbalization to a cooperative group member.”
“I don’t understand.”
“It’s simple. A persons’ ability to communicate verbally depends upon an existing gateway between those two people. Deference causes one’s intellect to become submerged because it is a one way unconscious connection. The submissive’s ability to verbalize to the dominant is restricted by their deference. They can only verbalize according to the desires of the dominant.”
“That’s simply a restatement of the social directive.”
“Yes. The presence of another member of the cooperative social group ensures that there remains a gateway between the deferent and someone present, which allows the deferent to verbalize consciously, preventing their mind from becoming submerged by deference and undermining the historically advantaged person’s dominance.”
“As a consequence, the group establishes dominance over the individual. The dominant then becomes the submissive, restricted by deference not toward the individual but toward the whole social grouping.”
“I’m not sure I understand,” I said weakly.
“Just remember what I have said. In time your knowledge of the social dialectic will help teach you all that you need to know. Do you have any other questions?”
I sat silently for a moment, my mind still spinning from the lesson. It was all still too fresh in my mind. I wasn’t sure if I could think about the social dialectic anymore. I felt exhausted. I tried to think of something simple to ask her.
“What was the purpose of that robotic camera in the basement?”
“The Physiognomic Scanner?” 
I nodded.
“That wasn’t really intended for you. True JSS must learn to break deference and facial imprinting, but the rest of your unit must be integrated into the Profile of a dominant JSS. The Physiognomic Scanner creates a database of various angles on their facial features to find an optimization pose and posture which will preserve their dominance. This is then fed back into their unconscious through deference, allowing us to ensure that they retain their abilities.”
I absorbed her words quietly, which fit neatly into my lessons on deference. A few seconds passed, and I felt compelled to ask about the journal that she’d given me.
“Who is Simon Maralis?”
“You know who he is.”
“He invented the social dialectic?”
“Discovered it – not invented it. It has always existed.”
“Where is Simon now?”
“In Riel City. He works at JSS Headquarters.”
“Can he really impose deference with his mind alone?”
“He can do things that you can’t even comprehend.”
“Like what?”
She took her right hand and pulled her hair behind her neck. My eyes lingered a bit too long on her skin. She rested her elbows on the table and her chin on her hands.
“Let me tell you about the day I met Simon.”
I leaned forward, resting my weight on the table, catching her scent as it wafted toward me. 	
“On the day that I was promoted to the rank of Overseer, I met Simon. The first thing I noticed about him was that his pupils are as wide as his irises. When I tried to shake his hand, he smiled at me. The instant he touched my skin, I felt strangely drained. And then he spoke to me. He said: in the time that it has taken for your consciousness to signal to your brain that you are touching my skin, I have seen every memory that you have. I know all your secrets now, Cassandra. So you must always be honest with me.”
“You see, Number 1, Simon reached through the gateway between us and reviewed every one of my memories. In the blink of an eye he knew me better than any other person on Earth.”
“That is only one small part of what he can do with the social dialectic. I am sure that during combat training you were told about anticipating your opponent.” She continued.
“Of course. It is as if you can see the future,” I replied.
“No, Number 1, not as if. What some of the most advanced of us can do during combat to see a few seconds ahead, Simon can do to see a few months ahead. And every day that passes his vision goes further. You see, Number 1, every day Simon accumulates the memories of more and more people. Every memory is connected and provides a piece of the puzzle. With each new memory he gathers, his sight becomes clearer and farther. He has told me that he believes in time, he will see the End of time itself.”
I had difficulty comprehending Cassandra’s words. I had come face to face with the power of the social dialectic, but even after what I had seen, I had trouble imagining Simon had that kind of power. If such a thing were possible then the man might very well be a god. If Simon was just a man, then it might be possible for others to achieve his power. I was deeply troubled by her words. If Simon had that kind of power then I didn’t understand why Franklin was a threat. Simon should be able to predict the next terror attack and stop it before it happens. If a man like Simon existed, then why hadn’t he predicted the never ending heat and the disease? Why hadn’t he done something about it? 
“You cannot second guess, Simon. He alone knows what will come. He has his reasons,” she responded to my thoughts.
“And what reasons are those?” I said. “What principles does he live by? What values does he have?”
“Don’t be naïve Number 1. Simon’s only goal is to achieve the greatest happiness for the greatest number.”
“What defines happiness?” I said.
She didn’t answer me; her eyes were locked on mine. I didn’t look away; I wasn’t going to back down. I wanted to know the truth.
“Happiness is pleasure. Pleasure is happiness.”
“What about for a man like James Black?”
“He is deranged.”
I shook my head, controlling my emotions with great difficulty. “Deranged? Why because he has a different idea of happiness than you do?”
“Because he is delusional. His idea of happiness is a great big bearded man in the sky.”
I let the calm inside my mind relax me as I sat back in my chair. I wasn’t going to get drawn into a fight. This woman had enough power over me as it was; I wasn’t going to give her any more.
“And what about for the Afflicted that you keep here, without medication, acting like slaves as props for your trainers. What about their happiness?”
“The Afflicted are very simple creatures. They are happy as long as they can submit.”
I couldn’t listen to this woman’s callousness any longer. I had just about enough of her explanations. I did not agree with one man having that kind of power. I did not understand how she could be so ambivalent about it. For all I knew Simon was manipulating events for his own purposes. The man obviously had a few screws loose. Suddenly, I was paralyzed by a bigger looming question: with the JSS able to read minds and influence people’s opinions, what kind of democracy could we possibly have?
	“Simple,” she responded to my thoughts as if I had spoken. “Democracy is a sham. The JSS are the true power in the NAU. The parliament is a puppet show orchestrated by Simon. Prime Minister Gilchrist is a close friend of Simon’s. The only branch of government not controlled by the JSS is the Supreme Court but its powers are constitutionally limited.”
	I struggled to empty myself of the bundle of contradictory emotions twisting inside my mind and attempting to burst to the surface. I allowed myself to contemplate the social dialectic, letting the tension drain out of me. After a few seconds, I felt calm and relaxed.
	“Now, Number 1, are you ready to see the big picture?”
	“What do you mean?” 
	“Just this. Simon won’t live forever and when he does die, someone else will have to take his place. With most of the men running around screwing everything that moves just like your idiot classmates, that leaves only men like you and women like us to contest for power. But we outnumber you by a huge margin.”
	“So, Number 1, you have a choice. Either you fall in line and serve the matriarchy or you end up like the rest of the Afflicted.”
	I didn’t say a word, but I knew that my expression was darkening. I was starting to realize the danger I was in. Cassandra didn’t just want me for this mission; she had designs over my entire life. I moved backward in the chair. If I didn’t play along with her, there was no telling what she would do. 
	“I understand,” I said. “It will take some time getting used to, but I understand.”
	“Good, Number 1. You will need to think long and hard about what you believe in. This mission will put you in good standing with the JSS and will give you a lot of choices upon your successful return. But until then, remember that we know how you feel about propagation and our policies. We know about your subversive tendencies. Perhaps a time with the militias in the wasteland will show you how truly good it is here in the NAU.”
	I nodded to her, forcing myself to accept her words. I had no choice. If I hesitated; if I for an instant entertained thoughts of escape or treason, she would know. My anger had gotten the better of me and I had no doubt she was in my mind. 
	I thought about the social dialectic, letting the calm radiated out to my extremities. Feeling much calmer, I allowed my thoughts to roam inside the calm safety of the contradiction, outside the reach of her awareness.
I was starting to see that my mission was the only way out. I needed to get as far away from these people as I could. The NAU I grew up in no longer existed for me. I now understood that it had never existed. It was a fabrication. If I could just get away from these people long enough, I might be able to make sense of everything, to put things in perspective. Perhaps I could visit the Mormon Free State or just stay with the militias. If I ever came back to the NAU Cassandra and the JSS would find me and there is no telling what they would do. It wasn’t a question anymore if I could go home. But perhaps, I told myself, I might be able to send a message to Ariana later, to bring her to me. Perhaps I would see my family again.
“I am ready to work for the betterment of my country,” I said simply.
Cassandra nodded to me. “Then you are dismissed. Take the dossier to your room and use the rest of your time at this facility to reread it. I want you to be absolutely confident that you know who you are dealing with and what your mission is. Review the Bible so that you have a basic knowledge of it. You aren’t going to these people as a devout Christian but as someone who is curious and wants to learn more. These people live to talk about their beliefs so just let them. The more you let the talk the more you will be able to dip into their minds.”
“You will report to main parking gate where you will be picked up by a transport and taken to Edmonton. From there you will take a flight to Riel City.”
“Yes, Sir.” I said.
“Take this,” she said. She picked up a Red Hawks pin and a plane ticket from the table. 
I took them from her. 
“Thanks.”
“Wear it proudly, Acolyte.”
I put the pin on my collar and stood up from the table, eager to get as far away from Cassandra as I could. She remained seated, her eyes following my movements. She didn’t say a word, so I turned and left the room. As I stepped into the hallway, closing the door behind me, I exhaled deeply. Her room was small and cramped, with musty air. I walked back to my room as quickly as I could. As much as I feared my mission, I was beginning to feel as if it was better than remaining where I was.
	I entered my apartment, closing the door behind me. I pulled out the dossier and put my Bible on the ground next to Simon’s Journal. I spent the next hour reviewing the dossier, starting with the background information and moving to the briefing and mission description. When I had exhausted the documents, I picked up Simon’s Journal, opening it carefully in the middle. 

	The collective mind is infused with the symbols, roles, archetypes and narratives of our cultural memory. It comprises a common vocabulary through which the unconscious mind of each person communicates. As our popular media adopts these archetypes and alters them through new and meaningful narratives, the vocabulary of our unconscious mind changes. Over the past fifty years, the culture of Hollywood has reinterpreted every ancient archetypal identity, infusing it with the ideals of modern liberalism. It is as if every person’s vocabulary was being rewritten without their knowledge. It is this vocabulary that defines our sociality. You can only express meaning, recognize another, if the meaning is communicated. By eliminating certain archetypes from the narratives, the liberal culture has altered the discourse, taking from some groups and giving to others, all in accordance with the liberal worldview. 
	This unconscious collective memory is the true vocabulary of sociality. Within families there is a separate memory which comprises the vocabulary in that closed social grouping, but this vocabulary is reinterpreted through the medium. It is an inevitable process and one that I would not seek to undermine. For mankind to escape his history, he will have to abandon the archetypes and narratives that determined his past. 
	I am not alone in my connection to the unconscious minds of others. The deeper one goes into the unconscious, the more one discovers the links between people. They may speak to one another in words, but their minds communicate in a much deeper and more meaningful way. But above this world rests the world of the conscious mind. And archetypes, memories and narratives, are converted into language, which is the medium of conscious communication. The end result of the interplay of the unconscious mind is verbalization. 

	I read the words curiously but with difficulty. The meaning of this section of the Journal was difficult to connect with the social dialectic and what I had read before. I decided to flip a few pages forward. 

These religions have more to them than simply blind faith. The words in their holy books have a deeper esoteric meaning that one can only reach deep in the collective unconscious. Deep below, the words are a road map, a conduit through which larger patterns in human behaviour result. The ancient religions have a hold over believers and non-believers, but only the believers allow that hold consciously. The esoteric meanings reflect deeper patterns of human behaviour. They are observations more than they are pronouncements. It is this fact alone that gives these religions their power. As long as the patterns that the esoteric meanings reflect remain in our psyches, the religions that protect them will remain. If I am to free mankind of the narratives of history, I must find a way to reach the esoteric, to rewrite the deepest parts of the collective unconscious. Only then will I be able to reorganize the unconscious mind for the betterment of the human race.

I reread the last paragraph carefully, trying to understand. It contained all kinds of language that I was unfamiliar with, but Simon was becoming increasingly real to me. I began to wonder what had become of his reflections. I began to wonder if he had succeeded in his goal, whatever it was. 
Out of curiosity, I picked up the Bible and opened it to the Book of John. I read the words carefully, while contemplating Simon’s Journal. As I read, I was reminded of my childhood: sitting on the couch with my father on a Sunday. He read to me as a child, usually on Sundays for an hour. I liked these moments. My father was always interesting, and I did not usually get to see him as often as I liked. I tried my best to listen because I wanted him to be happy. At the time, I didn’t really think much about what he was reading, but I understood that God existed and he was good. I knew the story of Jesus and his disciples, and I still remembered it distantly, but these words were new to me. 
I read as much as I could, while trying my best to stay interested, but it was strange: every moment that I read my mind fought me, devising a hundred different excuses to put the book down. Finally, I gave up. I looked at my watch. It was 12:30 a.m., and I was supposed to ship out in the morning. I put the Bible down on the floor next to the journal and the dossier. I got up and took off my uniform. I turned the light off and got into bed. 
I couldn’t sleep at first. I was thinking of Ariana and home. I tried to keep my thoughts focused on my lessons, but it was difficult. I missed the way that Ariana used to smile at me. I missed the smell of her hair. I fell asleep thinking of home, trying not to remember that my whole life had been turned upside down.




Chapter 9




I awoke suddenly to the sound of an alarm buzzing overhead. I sat up, rubbing my eyes. I jumped out of my bed and pulled on my uniform. I looked at my watch. It was 5:30 a.m. I quickly picked up my dossier, Simon’s Journal, and the Bible and put them into my pack, which had been cast aside on the floor next to the bed. I pulled on my boots and picked up my pack, pulling it over my shoulders. 
In the hallway, I could hear the pounding of boots on the tile. I went to the door and opened it. The faces of JSS Acolytes were passing quickly by. I called out to a man I recognized from combat training. It was the man with the short blond hair.
“What’s going on?”
He turned to me as he passed by. I heard his voice from down the hall. “Terrorist attack in Riel City!”
I closed the door behind me and jumped into the line of men, trying not to let my pack hit the walls as I fell in line. Ahead of me, it looked like the men were going into the auditorium. I followed the line into the cavernous room, sitting at the back near the door, holding my pack on the ground next to me. In front of me, the men were forming into rows, standing, so I couldn’t see what was happening at the front. But I could hear someone begin to speak.
“A terrible tragedy. They have murdered over a hundred people at the Ministry of Fertility. The terrorists appear to be members of an extremist militia group. Somehow they were able to across the border and into Riel City. The information we have is that they were Afflicted.”
The men all around me were speaking to each other loudly, making it difficult to hear. I stood up, letting my pack fall onto the ground. I could see that the speaker at the front was the same man who had spoken at the rally.
“Our orders are to remain calm and return to training for the rest of the day. The Prime Minister will be making an announcement over livestreams some time later in the morning. I have been told by my superiors that the JSS will be forming a counterterrorism unit, to operate in Riel City until the terrorist threat is under control. Acolytes, you must return to your lessons. The JSS selected will be regular members of the service. The best you can do for your country is to learn and learn quickly so that you might be ready for service.”
“Dismissed!” He shouted.
I picked up my pack and made for the exit, pushing past a pair of Acolytes talking. Out in the hallway, I moved quickly away from the auditorium to get away from the crowds. I took the nearest stairway down to the basement and followed the signs to the underground parking lot. I slammed open the double doors with my arms and stepped into the cold, damp parking lot. There was a bus waiting for me, resting with its engine humming right in front of me. The door immediately opened. I stepped onto the first step, looking up.
“Hey there, Sonny. I heard you needed a ride to Edmonton.” 
The man speaking was of African descent. He had a bright smile on his worn face, etched with lines. For the briefest of moments, it felt odd to see someone without the blank empty stare of the JSS. He was clearly one of the Afflicted; but he was old, in his late fifties, and the effects were still mild.
“I’m,” I began. 
He interrupted. “Number 1. I know, Sonny. Parents are John Burke Sr. and Lydia Burke.” He was looking at a clipboard in his hand.
“Yes,” I replied quickly. “How’s it going?” 
“Not too bad, Sonny. They called me in here at the last minute. You ready to go?”
“Yes.” I climbed up the stairs. The bus was empty so I threw my pack onto a chair to my right, sitting down to my left, behind the driver. As soon as I sat down, the door closed, sealing the interior of the bus. I looked out the shaded window with its radiation cover to my right. The bus driver was whistling to himself as he accelerated around the corner, not paying any mind to the speed he was driving. We flew up the ramp and under the garage door, which just barely avoided grazing the roof of the bus.
The sun wasn’t up yet, but the sky was starting to brighten. The driver took us down an interior road through the compound to the main gates, taking a moment to stop while they opened. No one spoke to him at the gate; although I could see someone operating an electronic station from the tower next to the road. Once we were well into the forest, the driver stopped whistling and spoke.
“You some kinda new recruit, Sonny?”
I didn’t answer at first. I tried to remember the instructions that I had been given in the dossier. I was to act as if I had been dismissed from the JSS, which in reality was probably what would have happened had I remained.  
“I’ve been ejected from the JSS,” I replied.
He half looked back. “I’m sorry to hear that, kid.”
“I’m not,” I said honestly. “It wasn’t my kind of place.”
“I hear you. I hear you.” He was staring out the window ahead, his hands moving mechanically on the wheel. You ask me they’re all a bunch of vampires.
I felt the sudden need to laugh, something I hadn’t done in over a week. Out in the bright light of the red sun, I had reached a temporary release from the oppressiveness of the training facility. But part of me resisted the impulse, cognizant of the immediacy of my mission. As much as I hated the JSS, I knew that part of me believed in what I had been taught; to do otherwise would be to deny my experiences. But I didn’t want to lose control. The JSS controlled every aspect of life in the NAU. Inside the bus, a hundred kilometers from any cities, I was the closest that I would get to true freedom inside its borders. 
“You from around here?” The bus driver interrupted my thoughts.
“Yellowknife,” I said simply.
“Nice place. I grew up in Alaska before the NAU was formed. I saw Yellowknife one time when I was a kid, long before the building projects. Just a small city then. Nothing like now.”
“Really?” I said.
“Yep. But everything was different then.” He sounded sad, and I didn’t know what to say, so I changed the subject.
“I’ve never been to Edmonton.”
“Yeah? It’s a rich town. Real high life sort of place. Crazy night life. During the day most stay out of the sun. But you see them rainbow cloaks around sometimes.” Rich people.
“You live in Edmonton?” I said.
“Yeah, for about five years.”
He was turning a corner on the highway, so I kept silent for a minute. Ahead, I could see the sun rising just above the horizon, the first touch of light spreading like water across the rolling hills, their dry and cracked earth the colour of bile. As we reached the mountain pass which separated the peaks of the valley from the hillside beyond, the trees seemed to fade, becoming brittle and skeletal as the moisture contained by the higher, cooler altitudes around Jasper scattered into the high atmosphere. 
	The sun was rising quickly, a great beaming ball of orange light, which was beginning to spread solar radiation over the landscape. As the temperatures outside rose, I wondered if the driver had forgotten to activate the heat shield; his eyes were focused on the sun ahead. If he didn’t activate the heat shield soon the radiation would flood the interior of the bus. I tried not to step out of place and tell him what to do but my anxiety got the better of me.
	“You going to turn the blue on?”
	He half looked back at me. “I just wanted to see the sunrise, kid.”
	He reached for the blue button on the dash and pressed it. He said: “No worries, Sonny, I’ve been doing this a long time.”
	Immediately, the windows changed colour as the microscopic membranes were activated by a pulse of electricity, shifting the angle and altering the colour of the light. The bus filled with blue light from the outside sun. 
	I sat down in the chair, feeling energetic enough to pull out the dossier or Journal, but not in the mood to think about anything to do with the JSS. I was content to be free of that building, with its whitewashed hallways and emotionless people. Even though I knew that in all likelihood Cassandra remained in the depths of my unconscious, I could for at least a short time pretend that I was free.
	I watched the landscape move by, the rolling hills giving way to open plains as we approached Edmonton. The sun rose high in the sky so that I could no longer see it. The bus driver drove silently, turning the wheel every so often. As the sun rose in the sky, the bus’s air conditioner began to work harder and harder to keep the temperature down; the buzzing of the fans droned above the din of the engine. 
	I leaned forward, resting my hands on the railing as I spoke to the bus driver. “What’s your name?”
	“It’s Carlisle.”
	“Nice to meet you, Carlisle.”
	“You too kid. What do they call you, Sonny?”
	I didn’t know what to say to him. It felt strange to tell him my name, after all that had happened. The JSS instructors had done their work well. It didn’t even feel like my name anymore. 
	“John Burke,” I said.
	“Nice to meet you, John.”
	He went silent after that so I sat back in my chair, letting my eyes drift to the window. I immediately realized that I was no longer hearing his thoughts.
	I let my hands fall to my lap, relaxing my posture, and letting my breathing come in and out of my lungs slowly. I took deep breaths, stretching the limits of my lung capacity, using my diaphragm to move the air in and out against my body’s natural impulse. I closed my eyes and thought of the contradiction, holding it deep inside, remembering the moment of comprehension, wherein two opposites are one and yet remain two. As I exhaled, I could feel the calm releasing all the tension in my body. 
	I continued to meditate on the social dialectic as the minutes passed and the land ahead evened out. Finally, after a few hours, I could see the beginnings of civilization. Ahead, the tall towers of downtown Edmonton broke through the cloudless sky. I remained calm even though outside the social dialectic my anticipation was building. I was looking forward to seeing the city, which I had only heard about from friends in school.
	I knew as much as anyone about the city, largely because of things I’d heard from friends and from my parents. Edmonton had been revitalized by the never ending heat. After Calgary was abandoned to the desert and the heat, the Canadian oil industry had relocated its major offices and facilities to the northern capital, which was just cool enough for people to live a somewhat normal life. The sun’s radiation during daylight hours was enough to cause burns, but the heat was manageable during the summer months using heavy duty air conditioning. The abundance of cheap oil from the oil sands and oil wells in Northern Alberta and Saskatchewan made Edmonton a great place to live. Old houses had been demolished and replaced with new designs with better insulation and exterior surfaces covered with the blue nanomembranes that also protected the surface of every automobile and aircraft.
	The downtown core had grown, and a large subway system integrated with underground walkways made it possible to move below ground during the day. The suburbs had survived by altering the work hours to the late afternoon and night time. Most companies ended work hours just after midnight, leaving employees to experience the night life in the downtown core. There were casinos and clubs dotting the downtown that had drawn many of my friends on trips. The drinking age in Edmonton was only sixteen, whereas it remained eighteen in the territory, so most teenagers ended up driving to Edmonton at least once or twice. I had never had the chance to go. Ariana and I had planned a trip one summer, but things hadn’t worked out. 
	I opened my pack and pulled out the plane ticket that Cassandra had given me. The flight was scheduled for noon which didn’t give me any time for sightseeing. I knew that the bus driver probably had instructions to take me directly to the airport. I let the ticket fall into my lap. 
	Outside the window, I began to see the odd shape of new houses, their roofs designed to accommodate the blue nanomembranes and air conditioner vents, making them look oddly hanger like. I could see a few bluish cars driving the roads, but with the temperature so high, I guessed it was for short trips, as their engines struggled with the heat. Busses like the one I was in were designed to operate during daylight hours. Their engines were massive and ran on natural gas or hydrogen.
	There were a few strip malls left on the sides of the roads, built underground with their signs above ground and parking lots buried under the earth. On the sides of the road were massive billboards, designed to show the viewer an image tailored specifically to them, activated by their biochip. As I glanced at the closest sign, it flashed, revealing an image for male sexual health hygiene products, which I guessed was because of my enrolment in the JSS. I had already hated the intrusive signs, but now I had even greater reason to, so I looked away quickly.
	Ahead, I could see the skyline rising in the distance, but the bus took a freeway underground; the air conditioner managed the heat much better in the shadows. We drove for a few minutes underground – one of the few vehicles driving on the road. The bus then drove up a ramp and off the freeway, winding through some new apartment buildings with their blue windows and squat underground walkways. Before long, the bus was turning onto another freeway, and I saw a sign for the airport. 
	The airport was beneath a massive heat shield: a huge blue roof that gave the building the appearance of a dead beetle. The runway was open to the sun but only a single plane was taxiing. The lone plane on the runway was the same colour of the nanomembrane and had no windows. I knew that its interior was probably much smaller than its exterior would make it appear; the rest of the space would be filled by a special insulation designed to protect the cabin from the high intensity radiation and heat of the upper atmosphere. Planes like that usually held only a dozen people, and they were almost exclusively used by executives and government. The private sector and most people usually flew at night, when the cost was much lower. 
	I had been on one of the blue planes once before, while travelling to Juneau with my father on a business trip. I was fifteen, and he had wanted me to come along; he had been sent by his company on some big contract deal or something. I had spent the weekend with my father, wandering the streets of Juneau sightseeing. 
	The bus made the final turn to enter the blue beetle, with its small covered entrance at the end of the road. 
	“Here were are, Sonny,” Carlisle said.
	“Thanks,” I replied.
	“Sure thing.”
	The bus entered the blue building, causing the windows to go dark for a few moments. We had entered by way of a short tunnel with walls so close they almost brushed the sides of the bus. The velocity of the vehicle sent powerful gusts of air along the side panels, causing the bus to vibrate rhythmically. Above, I could see that the ceiling of the tunnel gradually sloped upwards. The seconds passed, and the darkness was replaced by bluish light as the bus burst into the cavernous interior of the building. Ahead was what looked like a bus depot. There were people scattered around the open area next to the road pulling luggage. As we came to a stop, we pulled up to a large electronic sign with flight information. 
	Carlisle took the bus off the main road down a laneway, beneath a platform, and came to a stop. I got up as the vehicle slowed. 
	Carlisle was rubbing his head gingerly with his hand. He turned to me and spoke. “Good luck and God bless,” he said, opening the door with his right hand.
	The door opened and a gust of stagnant air rushed into the bus. I picked up my pack from the chair next to me. I nodded to him as I left the bus, climbing out of the door awkwardly. 
	“Good-bye,” I said.
	Outside the bus, there were a few people around, some Afflicted and a group of tourists that looked like Scandinavians. I had never seen tourists from Europe before in Yellowknife, and I found my eyes lingering on them. Sweden, Finland and Norway were the only Western European countries to survive the disaster of the never ending heat. Surrounded by the North, Black and Arctic Seas, they were insulated from the hordes of refugees in Central Europe while being of high enough latitude to be habitable. 
	The bus door closed behind me and it drove off quickly, heading toward the exit on the other side of the building. I looked around, briefly glancing at the plane ticket in my hand. To my left, an advertising screen flashed on as my eyes briefly passed it. I started walking to avoid having to look at it. As I made my way through the building, I noticed eyes resting on my uniform. I tried to ignore them.
	I made my way to the departures gates, keeping my eyes firmly ahead so that they wouldn’t activate the large signs. As I moved further into the airport, the groups of people became more numerous and varied. I saw a small unit of JSS moving around the building; I guessed because of the terrorist attack. There were television screens on in the food court, and I could see a few dozen people standing and sitting nearby, watching the news. I made my way over to one of the television screens, standing up against a fake plant on a ledge, resting my backpack.
	On the screen, an Asian news anchor was speaking. I moved as close as I could to the screen so I could hear what she was saying. Immediately, the sensors in the screen directed the sound in my direction, making it possible for me to discern what was being said.
	“We have reports that ten militants have been shot and two were captured alive. The suspects appear to be from the tribal regions south of the border in the wasteland. The JSS have reported that the captured suspects are uncommunicative, but a statement has been released by the Terrorist Group “Fallen Sons” claiming responsibility for the attack.”
“The statement reads: We have been ignored for too long as the NAU has drifted into the hands of communists. The Afflicted are the victims of a vast genocide perpetuated by the government of the North American Union against the followers of Jesus Christ. We have watched as this country has abandoned the way of God for the way of the anti-Christ. Even now, the anti-Christ consolidates his power in your parliament and in your houses of government. The people of the NAU need to wake up and resist the man of lawlessness: the Abomination that causes desolation.”
The anchor continued: “We have received reports from the Joint Security Service that an operation is underway to secure Riel City from these terrorists. We understand that the government is considering military action south of the border. A representative of the Joint Security Service wishes to make a statement.”
The screen flashed and a woman wearing the blue uniform appeared on the screen. I didn’t recognize the woman, but she had the same blank expression on her face as did all the JSS. 
She said: “We ask that the citizens of the NAU remain calm and continue to live their lives. The government and armed forces will ensure the safety of every citizen of the NAU. These terrorists will be caught and tried in a court of law. Any military activity necessary to secure the borders of this union will be performed upon the approval of the parliament and the Prime Minister.”
The screen flashed back to the news anchor. She said: “We have received a statement from the Minister of Defence.” She began to read: “We are working with the free countries of the East and West to identify the perpetrators of this international campaign of violence. Be assured, that any and all necessary measures to defeat these militant groups will be pursued.”
	She concluded: “We will continue to update you as this story develops...” 
	I picked up my pack, causing the sensors in the television to redirect their sound toward the people nearer. As I began to move away I could hear the anchor’s words distantly: “In other news, the Riel City port unveiled a new complex to accommodate the overwhelming trade moving through the Northwest Passage in Northern Canada…”
	I left the food court and started walking toward the departure gates. I was deeply troubled by the news. It seemed that the terrorists were becoming more aggressive: it had been less than a month since the last attack. If the government was planning military action, going south might put me in the middle of a war. I didn’t find the prospect of getting shot by one of the NAU’s rifles particularly pleasant. On top of that, if the JSS were already working with the police in Riel City to flush out the perpetrators and any supporters, my contact might end up dead and the mission over before it started. 
	I ground my teeth irritably. In all truth, I didn’t have much of a choice except to go through with it. I hadn’t been given any options; the terrorist attack would only make the mission more imperative and my superiors even less understanding of any hesitancy. I just had to keep myself prepared and remember my training. I could only follow the orders I’d been given.
	The statement of the terrorist group was equally unsettling. My experiences in the JSS had caused me to question the institutions of the NAU and the source of the disease. If Simon truly existed, and had the kind of power that she said he did, then it was easy to see why the terrorists would call him the anti-Christ. The whole thing made me sick to think about it. I tried not to let the confusion and anxiety outside the contradiction  into my thoughts. I had no choice. In truth, the more I thought about it even if these terrorists were justified, they were still murdering innocent people. For people who claimed to follow a religion of peace, they had some pretty violent ideas.
	I let my steps slow as I approached a security gate. There was a man in a JSS uniform standing by the metal detectors. He watched as people passed through following instructions that flashed on screens above the scanning equipment. I made my way over to him, and his eyes rested on me for a moment, his blank stare giving me no indication of his thoughts.
	“We have been waiting for you, Number 1,” he said as I approached.
	He gestured toward the gate beside the metal detector. “You are free to go through.”
	I nodded to him, happy to bypass the metal detector. On the other side of the gate, I found a sign that indicated my flight number above a baggage carousel. I made my way to the gate number indicated on my ticket. The departures gate was empty but for a few passengers here and there. There were a few female sanitation workers moving around collecting garbage. I kept my eyes ahead while my thoughts drifted. 
As I strode toward the gates, I passed a small vending machine with recyclable cell phones for sale. I hesitated for a moment – my thoughts replaying the JSS training in the back of my mind. I walked over to the machine, my hand resting on the selection panel. My superiors had made it very clear that I could not go back to my old life. They had challenged every idea and perception that I had of those close to me. But the more I thought about it, the more I was struck by a contradiction. They told me that I was supposed to be John Burke for this mission. And the people I wanted to contact were John’s family, my loved ones; what harm could there be in doing exactly what John Burke would do? If I was confronted about it by my superiors, I would simply say that it was part of the authenticity of my cover. The JSS could monitor me if they wanted to. No doubt they would be aware of any phone calls I made. But I didn’t care. If I was going to risk my life for the NAU then I was going to do it for the people who mattered to me.
I went over to the machine and pressed a selection button, which was activated wirelessly by the credit card in my pack completing the transaction. The cell phone popped out. On my knees, I picked it up and began to dial home. The phone rang six times and the answering machine picked up.
	“Hi, Mom, Dad. It’s John. I’m being sent by the JSS to Riel City. I’m okay. I’ll call when I get there.”
	I hung up and dialled Ariana. The phone rang three times, and someone picked it up. 
	“Hello?” 
	It sounded like Ariana’s mother. “It’s John Burke, Mrs. Hutchinson.”
	“Johnny,” she said. “How are you?”
	“I’m fine.”
	“And how is Ariana?” She said.
	“I’m sorry?” I said. “Ariana isn’t with me.”
	“She said that she was going to meet you at the end of Basic Training as a surprise. I haven’t heard from her in a week.”
	I shook my head. “I don’t know where she is.”
	“That’s not good,” she said slowly. “Maybe I should call the police.”
	“I don’t know Mrs. Hutchinson... I have to get on a plane, but I’m going to call you back when I can.”
	“Thank you for calling, John. Maybe she’s just staying with family in Fort McMurray. I’ll find out.”
	“Good-bye,” I said.
	I hung up the phone and stuffed it into my pack. I looked back at the metal detector but the man in the blue uniform was looking the other way. I picked up my pack and began to walk toward the gate. 
	I stepped into the lounge next to the gate and dropped my pack on a chair, taking a seat next to it. The flight was supposed to leave in an hour but no one else was waiting by the gate. I guessed that it was a charter plane, specifically meant to carry me to Riel City. No doubt the airport in Riel City would be heavily monitored right now. I guessed that few planes would be moving in and out. 
	I pulled out my Bible and opened it. I read it for a quarter of an hour until I was interrupted in mid-sentence by an old man sitting down across from me. I guessed he was an airport employee because he was wearing blue coveralls. He seemed to be just taking a break so I ignored him. But after a few minutes, he pulled his blue hat off and spoke.
	“That’s a strange sight.”
	“What?” I said.
	“A Red Hawk reading a Bible.”
	I looked down at the book in my hands. “I suppose,” I said.
	“Not many of those left.” He added. Not like I care.
	“What?” I replied.
	“Bible thumpers.” Good riddance.
	“Oh.” I said, looking down again, hoping he would get the hint.
	“I’m just glad they keep blowing up Riel City instead of showing up here; the only good thing about the disease if you ask me.” Bunch of crazies.
	My thoughts drifted back to my training. I looked up at the man while moving forward menacingly in my seat. Forming the sounds in my mind, I thought: Get back to work and leave me in peace.
	The man stood up immediately, looking confused. “I better get back to work,” he said to himself. He walked away.
	I looked down at the Bible in my hands, reconsidering. I decided to put it away until I had privacy. I didn’t want some idiot telling everybody they met a Christian Red Hawk. Instead, I pulled out Simon’s Journal and opened it to the page I had last read. I looked at my watch. I had another half hour before boarding. I began to read.

	I’ve been following the trends of history to understand the impact of scientific discoveries and political events on the cultural memory. I’ve discovered a significant trend arising out of the impact of industrialization. It appears that urbanization caused a massive and terrible loss of cultural vocabulary. As people moved from the towns that their ancestors had lived for hundreds and sometimes thousands of years, they abandoned the common vocabulary that arises from a lifetime spent within the same landmarks. The transmission of memory through the unconscious mind, for the purposes of communication, is only possible when the landmarks contained therein are common. The movements of vast numbers of people away from their ancestral homes freed them from the narratives of those communities, while at the same time bringing those narratives into the urban centres. As a result, the esoteric meaning and narratives of different regions clashed, creating fissures in the collective unconscious. These fissures remain to do this day, deep in the unconscious mind, producing the patterns of movement resulting from free labour mobility. It appears that after industrialization, mobility of labour has simply recapitulated the breakdown in society throughout each age. It is as if those initial events, that caused the breakdown of so many small communities continue to play out in human events.

	I reread the paragraph a second time while trying to understand Simon’s reasoning. I had never read anything like this journal; his ideas were strange and foreign to me. They were unlike anything that I had been taught in school or read on my own. But I was starting to understand how this man thought. I could see the connections between my training with the JSS and his thought process. I was starting to see how it might be possible for him to possess the kind of abilities that he did. It was not some kind of supernatural power, it was almost scientific. He had a method to his madness, and I began to believe that if I could come to understand it, I might even be able to imagine seeing the world as he did. This was a terrifying thought. I looked down at the book, continuing to read.

	The effect of scientific discoveries is more difficult to understand. Before science and democracy, autocracy ruled. In a society run by a monarch, it was easy to understand the patterns of human behaviour. People moved out of need to satisfy their basic necessities. Most larger trends were either the product of natural events like famines or the result of autocratic laws or decrees. Autocrats generally altered their kingdom to reflect how they saw it. The longer the monarch lived, the more his kingdom reflected the contradictions in his mind. If he acted out of irrationality, then his people would shoulder that irrationality. If he applied reason, then that reason would be reflected. 
	Prior to the scientific age, religions maintained their hold on the unconscious mind through the esoteric, while at the same time playing out their ideas through the authority of religious institutions. The development of theology based upon the esoteric meaning of their holy texts could augment to some degree their authority and hold over the unconscious. 
	But everything changed with the development of science. Science or rather as I prefer to think of it, the ideology of materialism, altered the dialectic. Whereas in the past, people had faith and they had reason constructed through reactions to their faith, resulting in theology, now people had a reason that was the amalgamation of a group of people’s conscious experience. As science took hold over the common imagination people began to conceive of a world in which the material was the limit and all things had material causes. As more and more people began to accept materialism as the cause, the ability of faith to influence the mind was reduced. But more importantly, the role of science changed. 
	Science has created a fabric out of the conscious memories of its contributors. It has become a tautology, not because of what it includes, but because of what it excludes. Religious beliefs were constructed out of what people could not see. Their esoteric meanings played out in the unconscious mind of people because of their porosity, because they were able to move in and out of the consciousness of people. Scientific theories all center around the assertion of totality. A theory which possesses totality renders any contradictory experience nugatory. That means that science as an ideology homogenizes human experience by preventing the incursion of experiences from the unconscious mind which break the pattern. The patterns that the esoteric represent are sometimes in conflict with the patterns of science. This is so because human consciousness is an emergent phenomenon produced by the interplay of rationality and irrationality. 
	More importantly, science is not truly a cooperative endeavour. In reality, the great theories of science form the ground for the contributions of less significant contributors. The theories arise out of the supposition, the ground, of the great thinker’s mind, and the reason of that thinker provides the direction. The shadow of that thinker is his mind: the experiences and memories of his consciousness, which remain inextricably linked to his formulation of the theory in the unconscious mind. The true dialectic may not appear true to the lesser scientist because he only sees the reasons. But to the great thinker, his supposition is indispensable. 
	So, the ideology of materialism homogenizes human experience by tying our sociality to the experiences of a few great men, preventing the incursions of the unconscious mind. It does this through the influence of those theories upon our sociality, through technology. Science is transformed into technology and it is technology which alters our experience of the world. Every page that is written on a computer is dependent upon the theories of the men who invented each component. These theories are ingrained in the pattern created by their consciousness as recorded in their memories.
	To put it in as few words as possible: the minds of the great men of science are a sieve of the collective unconscious. Each technology constructed upon their theories echoes these men’s lives, all their thoughts and ideas, the influence of ideologies and the esoteric, and most of all their beliefs, which guide their thoughts and their ability to create. 
	Looking back in European history, I have noticed a pattern. If one looks for the great scientific minds of the past thousand years, one discovers an interesting phenomenon. Early on this pattern is weak and more recently it is weak and the reason for this is simple: early on, the autocratic leader continued to dominate his domain, whether religious or political. And since the rise of democracy, the autocrat has lost his power. But as one moves into enlightenment era, and people’s lives became increasingly influenced by science, one notices two facts. One, the hold of the autocrat breaks down. And two, scientific theories become increasingly influential in the lives of ordinary citizens. The pattern I have noticed is, I believe, the link between these two facts. The autocrats organized their societies, which came to reflect the contradictions of their mind. But science above all things abhors contradictions. Every time a great mind of Europe expressed a new theory, there was a contemporaneous outpouring of irrationality. This outpouring of irrationality led in the case of autocracies to the weakening of autocratic control. 
	I have included some of the best examples of this phenomenon: Descartes published his Cartesian theory of mathematics in 1637 while living in the Netherlands, and at the same time, the tulip craze erupted. Thousands of people began trading in tulips, their price reaching ridiculous levels, creating a huge and irrational bubble. Newton published his theory of gravitation in London 1687 and the glorious revolution occurred in 1688. Einstein developed his theory of general relativity between 1907 and 1915 visiting Berlin in 1914 right before World War I broke out. The French revolution occurred simultaneously with an unprecedented burst of scientific achievement. 
	Early on in the development of science, new theories arose as if in a patchwork; it took time and more theorists to link these theories into one whole. But the reduction of theory to mathematics is the ultimate feat. The conversion of hugely complex ideas capable of summarizing vast patterns in the material world is the conversion of that which is incredibly diverse into that which is linked, sequential, and linear. It is this which is the greatest achievement of science: the reduction of all things into a single thought process – a single line of linear thinking. This single line of linear thinking binds all things to it. Not even the thoughts of men can escape it. 
What I am suggesting is that the computation necessary for the development of great theories must work its way through the unconscious minds of every person, linked to the experiences of the theorizer. This is because the development of a complex scientific theory, which can be reduced to mathematical explanation or conceptual explanation, requires incredible concentration, the product of a powerful mind with great attention to one’s actions and observations. This attention must be accumulated somehow. 
These theories act as a sieve of the collective unconscious breaking the influence of the narratives that would support the institutions of autocracy resulting in an unconscious conflict that would produce an outpouring of irrationality. This conflict is created by the contradiction of the unconscious mind, which becomes linked by the theory of the thinker, and the conscious mind, which is restricted by the external authority of the autocrat. Democracy only came into the picture because scientific theories broke the strands of authority represented by the autocracy. These strands are sustained by the common memories of the populace and anchored by the unconscious history of the institution.
Democracy is thus both the result and the response of our civilization to science. It is the governmental system which can best accommodate the adoption of new scientific theories by lessoning the impact of autocratic minds upon sociality. It is for this reason that with the advent of democracy, the autocracy broke down. Don’t you see?  Mathematics does not just order the physical world around us for the purposes of our intellect; it orders human minds according to its linearity. The computation of the most brilliant of us must play out in the most minute of exchanges. But that is the terrible truth: mathematics leaves no room for humanity. It leaves no room for emotion or care. It is from this order, this terrible order, that madness erupts.

	I put the book down in my lap as I noticed an airport employee walk over to the desk next to the gate. She had brown hair that was about shoulder length and a small heart shaped face. She was in her thirties. She opened the gate door and moved a metal post to create a place for the line up to stand. I guessed based upon the size of the plane that it would be a small group of people. I looked around the lounge area but I remained the only person waiting. 
I closed the book and put it back into my pack. I stood up and walked over to the desk. The woman looked up, her eyes scanning my uniform. She smiled at me. Her nametag read: Renata.
“Hey there, Soldier. How are you doing today?” My prayers have been answered.
She had the accent of the Southies, a group of refugees from the former state of Texas that had formed a community in Northern Saskatchewan.
“I’m fine,” I said. “How are you doing?”
“I’m just fine. How can I help you?” She turned her head slightly as she spoke. I wonder if he’s available.
“I was wondering if the flight was on time.” I gestured behind me. “It seems like I’m the only one here.”
“We’re leaving on time. About a quarter of an hour. You can go right ahead and board if you’re ready. You’re the only one on the flight.” Please don’t go.
I nodded to her, smiling. I turned around and picked up my pack off the floor. As I brought the pack onto my back, I noticed that she had somehow managed to get around the desk and was standing right in front of me, bending forward with a low-cut blouse.
“Let me help you with that.” She said.
I stood up, trying to steady myself with the weight on my back. “I’m okay,” I said. 
She smiled again, showing me perfect white teeth. “Alright then.” Now that he’s had a look he might want to talk.
“You know,” she said. “I live in Riel City.” Please don’t go.
“Is that so?” I said foolishly.
“I have a place by the water. A nice view.”
“I won’t be staying long,” I said. 
“That’s too bad,” she said. 
She stepped back around the counter. “Boarding pass,” she barked.
I reached for my boarding pass, trying not to look irritable. I pulled it out of my pocket, and it tore. I gathered up the remains of my boarding pass and handed it to her.
	She looked at me blankly. “You can go.”
	I walked down the hallway to the plane happy to get away from her prying eyes. As I made my way onto the boarding ramp, I heard the woman speak under her breath.
	“I didn’t know they let Monos wear the blue uniform.”
	I stopped the instant I heard her words, my face turning bright red. I had heard the derogatory slang word many times before, but it didn’t sting any less. The tightness I felt in my belly was rising into my arms, and my hands became fists. I fought the desire to turn around and embarrass the woman, using the newfound skills that the JSS had provided me. But the better angles in my nature refused, and I departed quickly into the belly of the long chute, resolving to forget the comment as I had so many others.
	I climbed onto the plane, greeted by a pretty Indian woman. She had a small piercing in her nose and a large smile.
	“Hello there, Sir. Welcome aboard.”
	“Hello,” I said, walking past her into the cabin. 
I found my seat in the middle with a walkway on either side. There were two chairs in each row. I put my pack on the chairs behind me, pulling out the dossier detailing the facts of my mission and the two books: Simon’s Journal and the Bible. I sat down in my chair, resting the books on my lap. 
The plane was just as I remembered it. It had small computer screens in the back of each seat, which were quite close together. My father had told me that the plane was designed to withstand high levels of radiation in the upper atmosphere. The shielding of the plane and the insulation required that it be very small inside. The plane wasn’t designed for comfort. But it was one of the few passenger planes that would venture into the high atmosphere where the heat and radiation were deadly.
Ahead of me, I could see the flight staff closing the door and moving in and out of the cockpit. After a few minutes, the plane began to move, the inertia causing my stomach to churn. A video came on the computer in front of me, reviewing the safety features of the airplane. I watched it out of boredom. After a few minutes, some of the female flight staff had noticed me sitting in the cabin. 
I opened the journal and found the place where I had stopped reading. The plane’s engines had begun to fire sending vibrations through the plane. I held the book tightly and leaned forward to read.

As the archetypes and narratives of the collective unconscious have been homogenized by science, the resulting impact on our society has been significant. Instead of having the archetypes, roles and symbols of our collective memory guiding the outcome of sociality, we have people reduced to the external objective characteristics of their body. This change is driven by the ideology of materialism, the idea that human behaviour is caused by his biology and specifically his genetics. As a result, one can see the increasing prevalence of ignorance and superstition in the form of ideas such as physiognomy. 
Once you eliminate all the trappings of historical identity, what is left is the most superficial, that is the similarity between people’s physical appearance. I am not suggesting that physiognomy is a true science or is accurate except to the extent that it becomes a bias that guides the ignorant judgments of men and women. It is an irrationality that is present in many minds who have never heard its principles expressed. It operates through linking behaviour to appearance, and then reinforcing that judgment. Physiognomy is the philosophy of Hollywood. It is their reason d’etre. It is the paradigm which is applied by the lazy upon the different. 
Physiognomy is a dangerous idea and one that further restricts our unconscious mind from dipping into the wealth of roles, archetypes and symbols. It enslaves us. But more than anything else, it is false because it denies the true mutability of our self-image. When I look into the mirror, the face that I see is of a hundred different shades and shapes. I go back through the pictures of my past, and I see now that the many faces of my history reflect the memories of that time. Our faces are mere shadows of our self, shadows that change in perception, reflecting what is inside. It is no different when I view the many pictures of those I have known, seeing in them a different slice of their identity, bound forever to the context in which it was taken. This is a consequence of our memories which are bound to how others see us, incorporated into our self. It is as if our attention is drawn to our own image just as the attention of others is, as if their attention conditions our attention, so that we are no longer free to observe as we will.
And now we have people running around defining others by how they look, by the way that they are perceived, which is simply a recapitulation of how others have seen them, creating a terrible feedback loop that forever traps them into becoming what they are not. It is a terrible thing, a terrible curse, to be cut off from the collective unconscious, to have one’s memories altered to fit a preconceived judgment. On top of this background, the science of evolution intervenes. Before Darwin nature was something man imposed his order upon. After Darwin, nature became imposed upon us. One need only watch a single nature video to view the characters and narratives and archetypes presented. We have the trial of two men seeking to be alphas. We have one victorious who mates with the captivated female, while the loser dies. This narrative is the primitive struggle. It is the struggle which was constrained by institutions and religions for thousands of years, since the dawn of agricultural man. It is the struggle that has been reawakened since Nietzsche famously declared: “God is dead” and evolutionary thought has been adopted by the masses. In that phrase, humanity may have died too. The finale has been the reorganization of the collective unconscious upon the following lines: if every altruistic action is fundamentally an expression of self-interest, then every altruistic thought must produce a contradiction within the mind of another. This contradiction prevents the formation of a common feeling thereby undermining the production of a gateway. While at the same time, any altruism will be met with a contradiction, and the result will be deference. This is how the evolutionary paradigm has changed everything. 

	I looked up just as the Indian flight attendant pushed a cart up beside me with a bottle of wine and a glass on it. I closed the book, my eyes rising from the glass to her face. She was smiling, her dark hair curled around her shoulder. I couldn’t help notice that she was a beautiful woman, with a long straight nose and dark brown eyes.
	“The girls would like to give you a free glass of wine for the trip.” On the house.
	I looked at the wine glass, for a moment feeling desirous. My thoughts returned to Cassandra, and I spoke by reflex.
	“No, thank you.”
	Smiling, she glanced behind her at a pair of flight attendants standing near the bulkhead watching. 
	“Let me know if you change your mind.” 
	She made her way back down the aisle.
	I put Simon’s Journal beside me on the chair. I was getting tired of his endless ramblings. I had no idea if what he was saying was true. Some of it meshed well with what I had already been taught by the JSS instructors, but much of it was new to me and very foreign. I didn’t see how it fit into what he was saying about the social dialectic. 
	I leaned back against my seat and closed my eyes. I began to sink into a restless sleep, my mind captured by the words of Simon and his journal. It felt as if I were on a tumultuous journey, led by a person that I had never met.




Chapter 10




I awoke as the plane was landing. I picked up Simon’s Journal, which had fallen on the floor, and placed it in my lap while I waited for the plane to land. Ahead of me, I could see the flight staff sitting on fold down chairs, talking above the noise as the vibration of the engines moved through the cabin.
I let my head fall back onto the headrest and let my eyes close as the plane hit the ground; that familiar jarring preceding a series of moments that sent my stomach into the air above me. As the brakes activated, the plane slowed and the vibration in the plane became increasingly uncomfortable. Finally, the plane slowed to a safe speed, and I knew the flight was over. I was already eagerly anticipating getting out of the enormous tin can that made me feel like a cornered animal.
Ahead of me, I noticed the Indian flight attendant standing up, unbuckling herself from her seat. She started walking toward me. I tried to seem pleasant, looking at her, without seeming too pleasant. She stopped just in front of me and smiled. 
She said: “You slept the whole flight.”
“I did,” I said solemnly.
“You missed a great movie,” she teased.
“I’m not much of a movie person,” I said.
“Well, I hope you enjoy Riel City.”
“I will. Thank you.”
She smirked, and then walked back to the front. I unbuckled my seat belt and stood up in the walkway. I dropped my pack in the chair just as the flight attendant returned to tell me to stay seated. I sat down in the chair again feeling restless.
The plane taxied for another ten minutes. The flight staff were no longer paying any attention to me. The plane stopped, and I just about jumped out of my seat. I was halfway to the door, with the pack on my back, by the time it opened. I didn’t look back as I stepped off the plane, and the flight staff hadn’t had the chance to line up for the customary good-bye.
	I was out of the chute and into Riel City airport in a matter of seconds. The building was busy. There were hundreds of people moving about the arrivals area. I followed the signs which led toward the exits. The arrivals area was like any other airport except that it was large and new with a huge glass ceiling beaming down blue light upon the concourse. The building had a circular shape with planes in the middle of the circle and a single opening leading to the runways. It was a glass structure with huge overhead windows that were arranged into polygons, covered in the thin blue nanomembranes, which I could tell from below, were open. The building was obviously designed with the heat in mind, even though Riel City never broke forty degrees.
	I followed a group of children moving with a tour guide through the exits out into an open area where hundreds of family and friends stood waiting for their loved ones. My eyes searched the bustling crowd all around me. I knew that someone would be waiting for me, but I had no idea what to look for. After a few seconds of standing, looking dumb, a man wearing a vest and grey pants walked up and took me by the arm.
	“You were supposed to take off your uniform.”
	I looked at the man, who was obviously Afflicted, with surprise. “No one told me anything about that.”
	“It’s common sense. You’re supposed to be a spy remember?”
	The man pulled away from me and broke through the crowd. I followed him, lugging my pack behind me, which managed to knock over an older Afflicted man as I walked through the crowd. Ahead of me, the man who had spoken was already several steps in front. I followed him, eventually catching up to him as we walked through the glass doors into the sunlight.
	“Hey,” I said surprised by open air and sunlight.
	“Get in the car.” He replied gruffly under his breath. He opened the passenger door to a small blue automobile.
	I followed his instructions, tossing the pack onto the seat behind me. He was already inside the car, slamming the door as he got into the driver’s seat.
	He pulled it out of the pickup lane and drove it quickly down an off ramp which went underground, beneath the huge superstructure of the airport, which was linked by an above ground walkway to an opulent looking hotel. Once we were moving, and out of sight, I tried to get a good look at the man.
	He had a long wide nose and bushy black eyebrows. He was thin, with pockmarked cheeks and a wiry frame. His neck was muscular, which only augmented the appearance of frailness to his arms and hands. He held the wheel tightly, as if to reflect the strength that he felt remained in his body, even though he had the look of someone crippled by age. I guessed that he was in his forties. He had probably had a strong muscular body before the disease, which had crippled him, leaving him with the mind of a strong man and the body of a weakling. He smelled of cigarettes.
	“It isn’t pretty,” he said to the open air.
	“What isn’t?” I said.
	“Me. I’m not pretty.”
	“Who are you?”
	“Gary.”
	I tried to remember my briefing. “Gary Whitfield?”
	“Yeah. And you’re our creampuff.”
	“Creampuff?” I said feeling extremely confused.
	“Yeah, our patsy. Or pastry.”
	“What the hell is that supposed to me?”
	“You figure it out, Princess.” He shot back.
	I tried not to get angry, but I could feel my fists clenching. I turned on him: “What the hell are you talking about?”
	He smiled. “This mission. They send a new recruit, still wet behind the ears, with nothing but me on his side. You didn’t really think you were going to succeed did you?”
	I looked ahead at the road, which was splitting, sending one path deeper into the earth and the other up onto an overpass. He went deeper.
	“I probably know more about it than you do.”
	He laughed. “Whatever, kid. These people aren’t stupid.”
	At that moment, as I tried to regain my equanimity, I realized that I wasn’t receiving his thoughts. I allowed my body to relax as I centered myself, releasing my grasp over my emotions and sinking into the center of the circle.
	“Where are we going?” I said calmly.
	“To my place.” He’s too stupid.
	“And then what?”
	“I baby-sit you.” Until Black shows up. 
	“James Black?”
	He didn’t respond to me. 
	I turned toward him and growled: “Listen to me, Afflicted. You work for me. I’m a trained member of the NAU military.”
	“You may have the training. But I have the wheel.” He grinned. 
He let his hands fall from the steering wheel. The car swerved toward the concrete wall on the left side of the road. A burst of terror caused me to reach out by reflex for the wheel. At the last second I was able to jerk it back, avoiding an impact.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” I shouted as he took the wheel back.
“Listen to me, Kid. Being Afflicted means you got a best before date. My date is long past so I don’t have much to be afraid of. The first thing you got to learn about us Afflicted is we’re not afraid to die. That makes me more dangerous than you.”
I slumped back in my chair as my breathing returned to normal. 
“I get your point, Gary.”
“Good. Now listen here. They sent you here to infiltrate the Fallen Sons. They sent you to be a spy. But you’re not going to be a spy kid. If you do that, you’ll end up dead.”
“So what am I supposed to do?”
“You’re going to tell them the truth. Every bit of it.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes, Kid.”
“If I do that I’m dead.”
“No. It’s the only way you’ll live. These people believe they are in the business of saving people. Nothing gets them off like turning a bad guy into a good guy. Just give them the opportunity. If they see you as a spy then you can’t be saved. But if they see you as a lost soul. Then you’ve got a chance.”
I shook my head. Gary was insane. If I told the terrorists the truth there was no telling what they would do to me. What made him so sure that they wouldn’t kill me on the spot? These people had just murdered hundreds of innocent people. They obviously didn’t have any conflicts about murdering people. 
I didn’t respond to him; I was beginning to feel anxiety building in my chest. This mission was turning into a nightmare. I wasn’t even sure I supported the JSS; I hated propagation. And now I was going to risk my life to support an organization that I didn’t even like. There was a good chance that this “mission” would end up with me dead on the floor with a bullet hole in my brain. And I hadn’t even been given a sidearm. All I had were my fists and a brain full of socialist ideas.
“It’s a real joke, ain’t it?”
I shook my head. He pulled out a cigarette pack from his breast pocket with his left hand. With his mouth he drew one out. He then held the pack open toward me, to offer me one. I put my hand up and shook my head. He put the pack back into his shirt pocket and pulled out a lighter. 
“I thought they banned those,” I mumbled.
“Contraband.” He lit the cigarette.
“Welcome to my world,” he said with a smile. The window beside him shook as it opened. He exhaled grey smoke into the passing air as the heat flooded the cabin.
I let my head hit the seat cushion behind me as I watched the concrete wall beside us disappear as the road rose up and reached ground level giving way to small duplexes. As we moved closer to the downtown, the buildings started to get bigger, as housing gave way to apartment buildings. Finally, after driving for a quarter of an hour, he pulled off the freeway down a residential street, lined with townhouses. He pulled into the driveway of one of a hundred identical houses complete with the same coloured paint and brickwork. 
I’d only been in Riel City for a quarter of an hour and I already hated it. The city was built to look exactly the same: every neighbourhood, every apartment building, and every condo. They all looked exactly the same.
“We’re here,” he said.
He opened the car door and left me sitting, mulling over what I was going to do next. When I couldn’t think of anything intelligent to do, I opened the door and picked up my pack from the back seat, following Gary into the house. 
The door was unlocked so I entered. Inside, the townhouse had white paint and beige carpets. There was no colour on the walls or in any of the rooms. I could see Gary sitting in the kitchen at a small white table by a window with an ashtray. There was a white stove and a white fridge next to a white dishwasher on either side of the kitchen.
“You like white, Gary?” I asked.
He smiled. “All the public housing for Afflicted is like this. At first I thought they got a discount on volume. But I found something on the internet that says they chose white because they didn’t want us Afflicted to get depressed.”
He laughed sarcastically. “Depressed?”
He stood up and pulled a bottle off the countertop next to the white microwave and placed it on the table next to an upturned glass. He flipped the cup over and poured himself a full glass. It looked like whiskey. When he was finished pouring, he drank it in one gulp, slamming the cup down on the table.
“Want some kid?”
I put my pack on the floor and walked over to the table. “Where are your glasses?”
He pointed at a cupboard. I opened it and pulled out a glass, putting it on the table.
“Take a seat.”
I sat down opposite him. He poured me a full glass. I took it carefully. I hesitated for a moment, and then I drank it.
“Today is your reality check, kid.”
I didn’t speak, half looking at my empty glass and half looking at the floor.
“When I was your age, people went to university. Now they go to magic school.”
“I’m sorry?” I said.
He moved his hands up and down in front of me, making an odd sound with his tongue as it moved in and out of his mouth. He sounded like a lunatic. 
With a fake deep voice he said: “Listen, to the social dialectic. Comprehend the social dialectic. Worship the social dialectic.” 
I didn’t smile. “You don’t believe in the social dialectic?”
“Kid. I don’t believe in nothing.” He poured himself another glass.
“How do you explain the JSS?”
He didn’t answer me, but he had a small smile on his face. “I don’t need to.”
He looked at me. “Some people spend their whole lives trying to make sense of the world. But I got a different approach.”
“And what’s that?”
“To laugh, kid. Life is a joke. This whole country is a joke. The disease is a joke. And that’s all there is to it.”
I drank some more. “I don’t get the joke.”
He spread out his hands and began to speak as if edifying me with his wisdom. “That’s because you’re too afraid. God. The social dialectic. They only exist because of fear.”
“And you’re supposed to be kind of authority?”
“Kid. I’m a dead man. I consider myself to be two steps in the grave. If anybody knows a thing or two about death, I’m your man.”
I shook my head. I had allowed this Gary to control the situation long enough. He had to remember who I was and what I could do. I let my mind focus on the contradiction between my attraction to the social dialectic and my revulsion towards propagation, and I let the two become one. I leaned forward over him, and his eyes rose to mine. I opened my mouth and breathed:
“Whether you like it or not, the social dialectic exists.” Take my glass and wash it.
He stood up immediately; his eyes were vacant and uncomprehending. He took my glass from my hands robotically and walked over to the sink, pouring cold water into it. He took a cloth and wiped the inside of the cup before placing it next to the sink. When he was finished he turned toward me, his gaze downcast. After a few seconds, his head rose slowly, and he blinked.
“What was I doing?”
“You were just cleaning my glass,” I said.
“Oh.” He seemed genuinely confused.
“Now sit down,” I said. I took a long drink from my glass. 
He walked over to the table obediently and sat down, avoiding eye contact. I leaned back against the wall.
“When is James Black getting here?”
He looked up, but when my eyes caught his, he turned away. “About an hour,” he sounded defeated.
I nodded. “I’m hungry. Make me something to eat.”
He slowly stood up, sighing, and walked over to the fridge, pulling out a bowl that looked like leftover lasagne. He put it in the microwave and turned it on. He stood staring at the microwave from a foot away, waiting for it to shut off. When it did, he opened the microwave, took the bowl and placed it on the table in front of me with a fork and knife.
“Get me a drink of something.”
Gary walked over to the fridge and mechanically pulled out a can of soda. He closed the fridge and brought it over, putting it in front of me. I sat down at the table and began to eat, while he stood there watching me from the corner of his eye. When I was finished, I looked up at him.
“Sit down.”
Gary sat down on the other side of the table. My eyes lingered on him, but he was staring at the table. His downcast eyes gave me a sickly feeling in my stomach. I finished eating my food and put the dishes in the sink. I sat down again across from him and poured him another glass of whiskey. 
“I’m sorry,” I said.
“I don’t want your sympathy,” he said coldly.
“The social dialectic is as real as you are,” I said.
“Do you know what I want?” He said, his eyes piercing mine, his voice wavering.
“What?”
“I want the humiliation to end. I want to feel like a man again.”
I shook my head. “What am I supposed to do about that?”
His voice became hoarse. “Most people who get sick lose their memory. But there are some of us who remain ourselves... Inside... Kid, I remember the five years I spent in the prison they called a Residential Treatment Centre. I was treated like a vegetable. And I remember what it felt like before the disease, when I was a man. Outside, I’m brittle and frail. My mind is weak and my life is meaningless. But inside, I’m still the man I was…” He pounded his chest with his fist. “Inside I remember who I am. And I have had to live my whole life like this… This pathetic body. This pathetic mind. This world is torture to me.”
“The disease is terrible,” I said slowly.
“No,” he shook his head angrily. “You don’t get it. This isn’t a disease. It’s a punishment. The world before the disease was a trial. The world after is a prison. We’re only here to suffer.”
“What are you being punished for?” I said cautiously.
“For being a man.” He grimaced as my eyes caught his. Unsure of what to do with his hands, he picked up his glass of whiskey and took another sip.
I leaned back in my chair. I didn’t know what to say to him. What he was saying was irrational and made no sense. But then again, he hadn’t made sense since the minute he’d first spoken in the car outside the airport. I didn’t know if it was the disease or if he was just confused but he seemed to have an odd explanation for just about everything. Part of me couldn’t help wondering what exactly the JSS was paying this man to cooperate. After all, he seemed to hate everything and most of all the JSS. 
“Why are you helping me?” I said.
“Because they paid me to.”
“What do you need money for?”
“What business of yours is that?”
“It’s not. But if you don’t tell me I will find out myself.”
His upper lip twitched violently. “I’m a gambler. Didn’t they tell you that?”
“I don’t believe you,” I said simply. 
“What else would I use it for?” He replied.
“I think you give it to the terrorists.”
He smiled. “And so what if I did? What are you going to do about it?”
“Nothing,” I said. 
He leaned back in his chair with the same sickly smile on his face. I was beginning to feel very sorry for him. I had known many Afflicted in my life and most were unhappy, depressed sort of people, but few had ever been so honest with me. This man’s existence was restricted in a way that I couldn’t really understand. He deserved to be treated with respect, and I had done my best to embarrass him. I no longer wanted to be in his presence which only made me feel worse. 
I stood up and picked up my pack, walking over to the kitchen doorway. He followed me with his eyes.
“Can I use your shower?” I said.
“Go ahead.”
I went up the stairs and found the bathroom which was tiny and entirely white. I tossed my pack on the floor and pulled out some clothes and a towel. I undressed and turned the shower on. My shower was quick, but the hot water relaxed me. I dried myself and got dressed, shaving and brushing my teeth. When I was finished I put everything back into my pack and left it on the floor outside the bathroom. I went back downstairs. 
I checked in the kitchen but Gary was gone. I walked into the living room which was to my left at the bottom of the stairs, but he didn’t appear to be there. That was when I noticed, through a window beside the front door, that a car was parked in front of the townhouse that wasn’t there before. It was at that moment that I heard a sound behind me. Before I could turn, I saw black flash in front of my eyes and strong arms taking mine from behind. I fell onto the floor, my mouth sucking in the black canvass, sputtering and coughing. I was flipped over onto my back, and my hands were tied. I could hear the muffled sound of talking but couldn’t make anything out. Then I heard a voice.
“Get up!”
Someone’s hands pulled me up off the floor. “What?” I shouted.
“Shut up. If you want to live you will shut up and do what you’re told.” Gary said.
I kept my mouth shut. I felt someone pushing me toward the front of the house. A small amount of light filtered through the fabric, and I knew I was outside. I stumbled on the concrete step, and then I heard Gary.
“About time you showed up. This kid was a handful.”
I got pulled up off my knees, which burned from cuts caused by scraping along the concrete. I was pulled by both arms toward the car in front of the house and tossed face first onto the back seat. In a matter of seconds, I had been crammed into the far side, with voices behind me. The doors were closed and the car drove off, the sound of conversation all around me.
“Geez Gary! I told you to lay off the drink.”
“I had to keep him busy somehow.”
“What’d you do pour it all over yerself?”
“I only had a few glasses,” he slurred.
“Aw you’re useless.”
The car went silent, and I felt it coming to a stop. “You awake in there, Princess?” Gary said. I felt a hand on my face.
“Quit crying, creampuff. You’ll get your chance later.” He added. “Black, where we going?”
“Shut your piehole, Gary. What the hell’s he wearing the mask for if you go and tell him? Just use your bleeding eyes.”
I tried to listen to the sounds that I could hear coming from outside. The car had already made a left and a right, but that didn’t help me because I had no idea where I was. Riel City was a mystery to me. I tried not to shout but the anxiety was causing my heart to pound, my breathing sucking the black fabric into my mouth. As the seconds passed, I became convinced that I was going to end up dead in a field outside Riel City. I tried to relax myself by focussing on the contradiction. I tried to remember the way it felt when I had touched the cold water and found it too hot to touch. I tried to focus on slowing my breathing, to get my heart rate under control. But my training was useless to me with my head in a black bag. 
I tried to think back to the moment that I had been attacked. As my thoughts returned to the memory, I decided that there had to have been at least one other man. There was no way that two Afflicted could have taken me down so easily. But there were very few non-Afflicted men who would have had anything to do with the Christians. I tried to remember my briefing but I hadn’t been told of any other non-Afflicted associates. 
After a few minutes of controlling my breathing with effort, I began to relax, the tension in my legs and thighs gradually fading. I felt as if I had returned to the calm inside me, beyond the reach of their words and actions. I felt my body coming back under my control. I tried to listen, hoping that I might be able to catch some of their thoughts.
“Ten to five, Gary. Ten to five. The Rangers beat the Yankees. I’ve never seen the boys play like that. They let the Yankees on base just about every pitch and still managed to pull it out of the fire.”
“Is that so, eh?” Gary said.
“Yesseree.”
“Make a right.”
The car turned quickly, accelerating, sending my head slamming into the door. I tried to turn because my face was pressed into the cushion but someone was holding me down.
“Keep quiet there creampuff. We’re almost home.” Gary said.
I listened as the car turned again and began to slow. The light which filtered through the black fabric dimmed slightly, signifying that we had gone inside something. I felt the rumbling of the engine through the plastic of the door. After a few more seconds, the car was parked and the ignition was off. I felt someone pulling me up by my shirt collar. I didn’t even bother trying to get away; I let myself be pulled out of the car. I fell to the ground as I stumbled out, landing on my stomach on the concrete, which sent a shooting pain into my collarbone. 
“Ahhh.” I said.
“Shut up, creampuff.” Gary said.
They pulled me up, and led me forward. I tried to keep up, but I felt strong hands behind me pushing me forward when I wasn’t moving fast enough. I stumbled through a doorway and up against a wall before being pulled up some stairs. I heard a door open and tripped, falling onto the floor. I heard a door closing loudly behind me, laughter and conversation on the other side. I struggled to move but it was hard with my hands tied behind my back. Finally, I managed to pull myself onto my stomach, and using my legs, I pushed myself into the wall, using my shoulder to grapple upward. 
When I was on my feet, I moved forward carefully, trying to work my way around the wall to the door. After a few seconds, I heard the sound of laughter.
“Wandering around like a chicken with its head cut off.”
I turned. “Hello?” I said.
“Yeah I’m here.”
“Who?”
“They’ve brought me a live one. What’s your rank?”
“I’m an Acolyte.”
“Just a pup. Well pup, I got a chair here for you. Let me help you.”
I heard footsteps and then someone pulling me by my elbow. I let my steps follow him. After a few steps, my leg hit something. I heard something scraping across the concrete.
“Sit down.” 
I hesitated. 
“Sit down,” he said again. I sat down. 
“I’m going to take your hood off now.”
I felt someone pulling at the bottom of the hood. After a few seconds, I felt the fabric moving across my skin. At the same time, someone released my hands. I reached out, hoping to make some kind of escape. But there was nothing there.
As the light poured into my eyes, I struggled to see. I had to keep them closed, opening them every so often, blinking, as they adjusted to the light. As my eyes focussed, I began to see the shape of a table, with a small lamp hanging from the ceiling and a shadowy figure across from me. I waited a few more minutes and began to squint, trying to make the shape out. 
“I’m not much to look at,” he said.
From where I sat, his skin looked ridged. I couldn’t understand what I was looking at. I could see a man’s face, a mouth and nose. I could see sunglasses on his face. But his skin was oddly textured. I tried to move closer, unable to identify what I was looking at. It was impossible. The shape across the table didn’t have the look of a man at all. 
“What are you?” I said.
“That is a long story,” he said. “Why don’t I start with my name?”
“Okay,” I slumped back in my chair. The darkness made it impossible to identify what I was seeing with any particularity.
“Conrad,” he said. “My name is Conrad. You don’t have to tell me your name. I know you Red Hawks don’t have names.”
I struggled for a second, and then said passively. “It’s John. John Burke.”
“Well, John. Welcome to Riel City.”
“What am I doing here?” I said.
“You’re here to answer my questions. I’m going to decide whether you live.”
“You people believe in God don’t you,” I said. “Isn’t it a sin to kill?”
“It’s my job to determine if you can be saved. If you can’t be saved it’s because you’ve already been judged by someone greater than I. If you’ve been judged then you are already dead.”
“I’ve been through this once already. You people are the same.”
He didn’t respond. He kept staring at me, behind those black lenses. He didn’t smile or frown. He just watched me, blankly. Finally, he smiled.
	“There is a microchip in your hand transmitting your every movement, your heart rate, your blood pressure, to a computer in the JSS Sciences Division headquarters.”
	I looked at my hand. “Yeah, everybody has it. It’s for the health care system.”
	He laughed. “Are you really so naïve?”
	“Then you tell me,” I said playing stupid. “What is it for?”
	“I’m the one asking questions here. That microchip is synchronized with the internet. It monitors every electrical input into your brain from technology linked to the internet and synchronizes it with your body rhythms.”
	“So what?”
	“Your life up until the JSS academy was monitored by a computer. Do you know what the social dialectic is?”
	“It’s the contradiction of two that is neither one nor the other nor both,” I said by reflex.
	“No. It is a one and a zero. It is the one thing that no transistor can compute. The social dialectic frees you from the JSS computer because the computer is built upon a world of ones and zeros, yeses and nos.”
	“Why are you telling me this?”
	“Because that microchip is being used to track our location. If you are going to live, then I’m going to have to remove it.”
	I shook my head. “Remove it? How are you going to do that?”
	“With a knife.”
	I stood up, pushing the chair back behind me, causing it to screech against the concrete below. I shook my head.
	“You’re going to cut my hand open?”
	“It’s only a few centimetres below the surface, pup. It won’t hurt that badly. If you don’t let me do it, then I can’t let you live.”
	He was already moving around the table out of the light. In the shadows, he seemed even more like an apparition; he seemed to move without motion, almost hovering above the floor. As he stepped around the table, I could see he was holding a scalpel in his hand. I held my hands out in protest. As he moved back into the light, I gasped involuntarily, my eyes widening. The man was covered in worn tan scales that reflected the light softly, shifting like small pieces of armour against his body. He had the look of a reptile, although his scales were lightly coloured, about the size of a spoon and shaped like spades. Even his face was covered in scales, although much smaller, that shifted as he moved. I fell back onto the chair, which was sitting behind me, unable to breathe.
	“Jesus,” I said. He reached out with his free hand and slapped me in the face.
	“Don’t blasphemy. Stick out your hand!”
	I stretched out my hands, showing him my open palms. He pulled my right hand over the table into the light. With a flash of the knife, he cut into my palm. I began to scream. I couldn’t look at the blood without a deep feeling of nausea. He worked his blade into my hand, wriggling it back and forth for a few more seconds before pulling out his quarry and slamming it down on the table. He smashed the chip with a closed fist.
	“There, you’re done.”
	I pulled my hand back, which was bleeding profusely. I pulled at my sleeve, trying to cover the wound and prevent the blood from pouring all over the floor. I didn’t notice when he came back around the table with a bandage. He tied it tightly around a wad of tissue. 
	“Put pressure here.”
	The bleeding darkened the bandage almost immediately, but eventually the blood seemed to slow. After he’d finished with my wound, Conrad went back to the other side of the table and sat down. He took his sunglasses off and put them on the table. 
	“You’ll thank me later.”
	I shook my head angrily. “What the hell are you?”
	“It’s called Ichthyosis,” he said. “It’s a rare genetic mutation in the gene for the protein called ABCA 12.” 
I didn’t say a word, clutching at my wounded hand, incredulous. I had no idea what he was talking about.
He continued: “It causes the skin to develop into a Keratin layer, producing scales where there should be skin.”
“Did somebody make you in a lab?” I said.
He grunted as if offended. “No, God made me this way”
“You’re some kind of genetic freak?”
“I’ll have you know that all the males in my family have this disorder. It’s really no different than having blue or brown eyes.”
I tried not to balk at the odd creature on the other side of the table. “I’d say there’s a big difference.”
“To you perhaps.”
I shook my head. “Why are you telling me this?”
“So you will understand. We all have talents. You can invade others’ minds. My skin allows me to survive in the deep heat of the desert. Your ability has nothing to do with this socialist cult or the social dialectic.”
“The social dialectic is the reason that I can do what I can do,” I said. 
“No, John. There are limitless ways to conceive of a contradiction that do not involve dialectics. Believing in a good, loving, righteous and all powerful God appears contradictory to those living in a world of sin and suffering. And yet for thousands of years many have believed exactly that.”
“Are you saying that God is the contradiction?”
“I’m saying that in some eras, at some points in history, he appears to be.”
I shook my head. “Appears to be?”
“God uses different people in different eras. He used Jeremiah to speak to the Israelites about the impending disastrous invasion of Babylon. He used Moses to lead the Hebrews to the promised land. These people all knew God differently, shaped in part by the era in which they lived, and the purpose for which they were chosen.”
“I don’t deny the power of the contradiction,” he added. “But I dispute the source.”
My hand wasn’t hurting as much, so I released some of the pressure, attempting to ascertain if it was still bleeding as profusely. I lifted up the edge of the bandage. It looked like a large clot was forming, but just to be safe I wrapped the bandage tightly around my hand and closed my fist.
“What era is this then?” I said.
“This is the era of God’s judgment upon mankind. His power exerts himself as the contradiction, because in this era the cup of his wrath is poured out upon humanity. He is a good, loving and just God, but he is angry. And his anger is the punishment of mankind. He is a loving God who watches us suffer.”
I tried not to understand what he was saying. But I knew that what he was saying made a kind of sense.
He finished: “So you see, John. For us, in this time, God is the contradiction.”
I didn’t say anything, unsure of what he expected me to say. My experience with the JSS instructors had made me suspicious and cynical. This strange creature had just cut my hand open and dug out a microchip with a knife. The pain in my hand was excruciating, and I knew that if I said the wrong thing I was as good as dead. 
	“What do you want from me?” I said.
	“You were sent here by the JSS to infiltrate our organization, were you not?”
	I thought long and hard before I answered. It had already become apparent to me that they knew who I was and that I was coming before I had even gotten off the plane. Lying to them probably wouldn’t do any good. As much as I hated to say it, Gary was probably right.
	“What are you going to do to me?”
	“That depends on what you have to say.”
	I shook my head. “I’m fresh out of Basic. I get on a bus they say is taking me to JSS training. As soon as I get off the bus, I am forced to stand for over seven hours in a parking lot. I am then forced into a jail cell for three days without food or light. I am pulled out of the cell and told that my entire life including all my most cherished memories are lies. And then I am indoctrinated in this social dialectic. To be honest, I don’t support the policies of the Democratic Socialists. I don’t support propagation. I have one girlfriend and I only want one girlfriend. I can’t deny the truth of what they have told me. I know that the social dialectic has power.”
	“What is your girlfriend’s name?”
	“Ariana.”
	“Well, Red Hawk. I don’t know why they chose you to infiltrate us and frankly I don’t care. This government has the blood of millions of men on their hands. They have destroyed the human race with their pursuit of power. They have forever damaged the human genome. We’ll be lucky to survive the next hundred years.”
	I leaned forward. “I’ve heard stories that you Christians believe that the disease was caused by our own government, or at least, by certain women in our government. Is it true?”
	“Things are not always as they seem. I do not deny that our race is Afflicted by a disease, but I deny that it is of a biological nature. To put it bluntly, yes, we believe that this government and its policies are an extension of the disease. We believe that the existence of the Democratic Socialists is a threat to our entire species.”
	“I don’t understand,” I said, leaning back.
	“The hypermasculinity that characterises the resistant is not a genetic trait. It is a social phenomenon, on this point both the JSS and we agree. But unlike them, we realize that so too is the hypomasculinity of the Afflicted. Have you not ever wondered why the disease would enhance some men’s masculinity while reducing others?”
	“I thought it was simply a symptom of the disease.”
	“Because you believe it has a biological cause. This is the lynchpin of the Democratic Socialists’ power. Socialism is more than just a system of economic redistribution. It is a system of identity redistribution; it takes from those who are spiritual and gives to those who are natural.”
	“How is that possible?” I said.
	“Look at the JSS, Red Hawk. Look at those who have joined and who prosper in it. They are the antithesis of our traditions. It is not a coincidence that the JSS has two dual roles: one in maintaining security as a military force and two in spreading the promiscuous lifestyle. The second role is a reward for their compliance with the existing political order. It is a distraction designed to allow those in power to maintain their hold.”
	I had difficulty accepting that the disease was some kind of social problem like a mental illness. I had seen too many Afflicted men suffering from the physical symptoms of the disease. I had read too many newspaper stories about men dying and their terrible condition prior to the medications. I understood what Conrad was telling me, but I couldn’t accept it. 
	“You don’t have to agree with us yet, Red Hawk. If I felt for even a second that you were lying to me about who you are, I wouldn’t hesitate to kill you. That microchip is a sign of your allegiance as much as it is an emblem of their power. And you have tasted the source of their power. Even now I can see that it has a hold over you. I am not sure you could forget about it even if you wanted to now.”
	“So that brings me back to the first question I asked: what are you going to do to me?”
	“Red Hawk. I was given word to expect your arrival from Franklin himself. He has told me to bring you to him in the south. I do not know why, but you have some special purpose.”
	“How would he know who I am?”
	“Franklin is more than just a leader. He is a Prophet. He often knows things before the rest of us.”
	Franklin sounded a bit like Simon. I was beginning to feel apprehensive to meet him. There were many questions that were left unanswered. I knew there had to be some commonality between what I was experiencing through the JSS training and what they were telling me. I needed to know why the social dialectic had power. I needed to know who Simon was and if he really could do the things he claimed to. Everything that I had heard since leaving Basic had opened up knew doors in my mind and provided limitless new directions for my thoughts and introspection. I felt a need to comprehend what was happening to me. I felt a need to understand the Terrorists and the JSS.
	“I would like to meet him,” I said simply.
	He walked away from me toward the door, which was a large and made of steel. He knocked on the door, and it opened, spraying white light into the room. I looked away. In the shadows on the far wall, I could see Conrad was looking back at me. 
“We will be leaving in five hours to go south. You are coming with us. For now you are our prisoner and you will do exactly as I say. Franklin will decide what we do with you. I would suggest that you use the next few days to think about God and your place in history. You will need to decide whose side you’re on.”
The door slammed, echoing loudly. And, once again, I was locked in a cold concrete room by myself with nothing to do but think. Only this time, I had a bleeding wound in the center of my palm that ached and on top of that a pounding headache. 
I felt relieved in some small way to know that I was being left alive, at least for the time being, but I had no idea what these people were going to do to me. If Conrad was being honest, then I was going south, just as I had been instructed to do. But even now, I had no idea whose side I was on. The JSS hadn’t treated me much better than the Christians. I was being forced to listen to two contradictory interpretations of history – two contradictory messages. I felt like my brain was overloading and being torn apart by the divergent directions of my thoughts. 
I spat onto the floor, my mouth still tasting of metallic blood from having my head slammed into a doorframe. I wondered if James Black and Gary Whitfield were still around. Maybe I could get a message to Cassandra through Whitfield if he really was an informant. Even if I found Franklin, I had no way of contacting the JSS. I struggled to think of a way out of a bad situation, but the only thing I could think of doing was to meditate on the social dialectic. 
I closed my eyes and breathed in deeply. I let my body slide off the chair and down onto the floor. I closed my eyes and let my thoughts subside, allowing the contradiction at the center of my consciousness to come into focus. My mind seemed drawn to this new idea, that God was the social dialectic. I allowed my thoughts to follow the lines of reasoning suggested by Conrad. After a few minutes of peaceful, calm breathing, I felt the divergent thought processes turning inward and joining. In the place of the social dialectic, was a much larger current, drawing not just my own thoughts, but other thoughts that were foreign to me into the same circular reasoning; it felt pleasant at the centre of the current, which was calm despite the twisting and turning strands of reason, still forming and breaking apart, representing the outward reach of my conscious mind.
I don’t know how long I knelt there, my thoughts becoming calm and my expression sanguine. It might have been minutes or hours, but before long, I felt as if I was asleep. Suddenly, I was aroused from my trance by a pair of warm hands on my arm.
“Let me see it.” It was a woman’s voice; it had a beautiful sound to it.
I opened my eyes, blinking repeatedly as she came into focus. At first, I was convinced I was looking at Ariana. She had the same dark brown hair, full lips, with a small mouth and freckled cheeks. But as the light cast upon her features focused my vision, I noticed that she was a bit older. 
“Hello?” I said.
“You’re praying?” She said.
“No,” I replied. “Meditating.”
“Are you a Buddhist?”
“Not exactly.”
She knelt down beside me, putting her shoulder under mine. She said: “Let me help you up.”
I let her help me, although I felt strong enough to stand by myself. As she moved close to me, I could smell her hair, which had a fruit scent to it, like strawberries. I lifted my arm off of her shoulders and stood up. 
“Thank you,” I said.
She turned to look at me, her long thin nose above a small smile. She dry washed her hands. 
“No problem.”
She held out her hand. “I’m Maria.”
“John.”
I stuck out my left hand weakly, shaking my bandaged right hand as if to fake a handshake. She looked down at my hand and her eyes were full of pity. 
“Conrad can be a bit tough on the new guy.”
“You’re telling me.”
“He’s just protective.”
“Can he really go into the desert without the radiation burning him?”
“Conrad? He has been as far south as Texas on foot. He wears a prismatic cloak over himself usually to keep most of the heat off. His body conserves water much better than we do. He calls it his snake skin.”
“That’s amazing,” I said. “How hot does it get down there?”
“Close to eighty degrees Celsius.”
I shook my head. “Amazing.”
She knelt down and took my bandaged hand in hers. “Let me take a look at it.”
She pulled the bandage off my hand slowly, folding it up into a bloody ball. When my skin was exposed, she looked down, testing the edges of the wound with her finger. It was red and inflamed. The wound had a large clot which was beginning to dry. I guessed that if she had pulled at it, the wound would start bleeding again. When she was satisfied with whatever it was she was doing, she wrapped a bit of the cloth around it.
“I’m going to give you a couple of stitches. I’ll be right back.”
I waited for a minute or two for her to come back. I thought for a second about making a run for it, but I was tired and this woman seemed to actually care. 
When she got back, she was holding a first aid kit. She opened it on the table and pulled out a needle with thread. With her other hand, she picked up a small packet. She held it out to me as she took my hand.
“This is a local anaesthetic. It is absorbed through the wound and the surrounding skin. Can you please wipe the pad on the wound and the surrounding area?”
I took the packet, and opened it with my teeth. I then did as I was told, wiping it around the wound. It stung at first, but after a few seconds the skin went numb. The woman immediately went to work, stringing the stitches through the layers of broken skin, doing her best to avoid disturbing the clot. After a few minutes of work, she pulled the needle out and tied it carefully, her fingers making the necessary intricate movements.
When she was finished with the needle, she pulled out another packet from the first aid kit and opened it, wiping it around the wound to clean up the blood. 
“There. You’re done.”
I opened and closed my palm carefully. The wound looked much better. There was no longer any blood on the surface of my skin, and the stitches were holding the skin together.
“Thanks,” I said.
She nodded.  “I’m going to bring you something to eat. Take a seat.”
I walked over to the table and sat down, letting my legs stretch out. I felt relieved and happy to have met Maria. She reminded me of Ariana and home. She reminded me a place where the world made sense, where people were basically decent and things seemed to have an order to them. I realized that the relative paradise of Yellowknife was the exception. I lived in a world destroyed by heat and ravaged by disease, run by the JSS and their social dialectic. Meeting someone as normal and kind as Maria rekindled my belief that there was still some sanity left in the world. Perhaps these Christians wouldn’t be so bad. Perhaps this mission wouldn’t end up with me dead in the desert. I was still feeling the calm warmth of the contradiction, which, in addition to the anaesthetic, did much to alleviate my otherwise troubled mind.
After a few minutes, Maria came back into the room with a plate on a tray. She placed it in front of me on the table.
“I hope you like Chinese,” she said.
“Sure.” 
I picked up the knife and fork. She said: “Eat up. Afterwards, I’ll introduce you to everyone.”
I ate greedily, owing to the deep ache in my belly. It didn’t take me more than a minute to eat all the noodles and meat on the plate. I found myself scooping up teriyaki sauce with my fork as Maria looked on, standing a foot away.
“Hungry, I guess.”
I smiled. “Thanks.”
She picked up the tray and gestured toward the door. “Come with me.”
Maria walked through the doorway. Conrad was waiting just inside the next room. He let Maria pass but stepped in front of me. He was holding a black cord in his hands.
“Put this on.”
I stuck out my hands, letting him wrap the cord around them and tightening it. Up close, his odd keratinous skin made him look strangely alien. His eyes were small slits, which seemed to disappear as he blinked. His hands felt smooth and had an odd texture. When he was finished, he pulled me forward, falling in behind me. I followed Maria into the next room with relief, leaving the cold black cell behind me.
	It was a small room with a couch and a television. To my left was a narrow kitchen in a hallway with countertops on either side. The building looked poorly built. Maria walked into the kitchen and dropped my tray on the countertop next to the dishwasher. On the couch, I noted Gary Whitfield sitting next to two men I didn’t know. I guessed it was James Black standing by the window, eating noodles from a plate. There was a woman standing up against the wall separating the kitchen from the room with the television just in front of me.
	“Who do we have here?” The woman said.
	She had a harsh voice that made me think she was a smoker. She had orange curly hair that covered her shoulders. From the side, I thought she was in her late forties. She was wearing coveralls and boots despite being indoors.
	“Patti,” Maria said. “This is John.”
	“Creampuff. His name is creampuff,” Gary said.
	“Aw shut up Gary,” James Black said.
	“Another penitent soldier come to join the fallen?” The man speaking was sitting on the couch next to Gary. He was a tall man with a heavy five o’clock shadow and long sideburns. He had a thick nose and a wide face, with long oily black hair that came around his ears down in neck, and a long moustache.
	“Terry Riley,” Maria said. “Meet John.”
	“Nice to meet you,” I said cautiously.
	“Right now you are, but wait a few days and we’ll see.” Terry said.
	“He looks like a kid,” the man sitting next to him said between mouthfuls of noodles.
	The man who had spoken was a short man with a round bald head and a flat face. He had a long protruding nose and wore a cap on his head. Like the rest of the group, he was wearing heavy work clothes, a jean jacket and black pants. 
The group all had the look of a work crew. I guessed that the men were all in their late fifties, showing signs of the disease, but still possessing enough virility to work. The air smelled of cigarettes and dust. There were spots all over the carpet from shoes tracking mud in from outside. 
	“He is a kid, Orson,” Terry said. 
“What are we supposed to do with him?” Patti said.
“Take him to the militias,” Conrad said behind me.
“What the hell would we want to do that for?” Orson said tonelessly.
“Because we’re paying you to,” Conrad said.
Gary sputtered. “Not enough if you ask me. I only got a lousy five hundred for my part. What am I supposed to do with five hundred?”
“Aw leave it alone, Gary.” James Black said.
“He’s a good kid,” Terry said. “Aren’t you John? Not going to be a problem, right?”
I looked around the room. “No,” I said bluntly.
“You see?” Terry said. “No problem.”
“When we leaving?” Orson said, dropping his fork on his plate.
“After I’ve had a smoke,” Patti said. 
Gary walked over toward the kitchen with his plate. As he passed me, he stopped and whispered in my ear: “It’s a good thing they want you. If I had my way you’d be dead like a dog.” 
I turned to Gary and let my upper lip curl. James Black was watching Gary, and he shouted: “Get off it already. You’ve been paid. Stop acting like a damn child.”
Gary smiled and went into the kitchen. I could hear him climbing up some stairs at the other end of the basement. I found myself hoping that would be the last time that I would see him. Conrad was sitting by the wall listening to the conversation silently; I had almost forgotten he was there. He was wearing a long black rain jacket around his body with the hood up, so it was hard to see his face. Patti turned and went into the kitchen, leaving a plate in the sink with a crash. I could hear her going up the stairs.
Terry was still sitting on the couch, watching the television, with the volume turned down. James Black was watching me, with his hands still clutching his empty plate. After a few seconds, he stood up and walked over to me.
“Kid, do what you’re told and you’ll be fine. These are good people. Don’t play games with Conrad. He’s as mean as he looks.”
He put his hand on my shoulder. From up close, I could see his features were distorted by the disease. His nose was long and curved. His cheeks were hollow, and his lips were thin and feminine. His hand was frail like that of an octogenarian, only James Black was probably only sixty. I guessed that his disease had advanced to the point where he wouldn’t live much longer. Looking at him, and the kindness in his eyes, I felt bad.
	James Black left through the kitchen and up the stairs, leaving me with Maria, Conrad, Terry and Orson. Terry stood up, exhaling loudly and stretching. He walked over to me and stopped a few inches from my face, staring into my eyes. After a minute, he stepped back, swinging his arms, as if to loosen the joints. 
	“They teach you much about combat, kid?”
	I shook my head. “Just Basic and a few days for the JSS.”
	“Just keep your psychic mumbo jumbo to a minimum and we’ll get along just fine.” He looked at Orson. “Orson, let’s get the hell out of here.”
	Orson looked up from his plate, which he had been staring at longingly, its surface licked clean. He sighed and tossed the plate on the couch to his right. As he stood up, I noticed that he was about two feet shorter than Terry. He followed Terry up the stairs. I was left alone with Conrad and Maria.
Maria said: “I’m coming as far as the lake, Conrad.”
He shook his head, which was veiled in shadow. “No, you’re not. Your father would kill me if he found out you’d left Riel City.”
“I’m coming, Conrad. Terry has already approved it.”
Conrad looked after Terry up the stairs. Angrily, he said: “I don’t approve it.”
“It’s Terry’s crew, Conrad. You know that.”
He shook his head. I looked at Maria who was smiling, her eyes bright with excitement. I looked around the room, wondering what I was supposed to do, standing there with my hands tied.
“Where are we going?” I said.
“We’re going to Toronto,” she said quietly. 
“What for?”
“Terry has a boat docked in the old marina.”
“We’re going south of the border?” I said.
“You are,” she began. “I’m just going as far as Toronto.”
“What kind of crew are they?” I said curiously.
“Scrappers,” she turned to look at me. “They buy scrap building materials from the militias and sell them in Riel City.”
“They’re smugglers?” I said.
“They’re entrepreneurs.” She replied.
I had heard of people like this. It was said that Riel City had been built with the billions that the Canadian government had made off the United States, but it had really been built by the scrappers. Hundreds of crews had moved through the skeletal remains of abandoned cities like Toronto at night, removing hundreds of millions of dollars in steel and other materials for use up north. I had heard that Toronto had been cleaned out; nothing was left. I guessed that men like Terry Riley had just moved further South, plying their trade in the desert, letting the militias do the hard part. No doubt, the more time passed since the heat began, the harder it was going to get to find something worth selling. 
It wasn’t a surprise to find out that smugglers were the ones helping the terrorists get into the country. No doubt the Christians paid well and given the fact that the government was well aware of their activities, it made a good cover. The NAU government turned a blind eye to crews like Terry Riley’s because it knew that cheap materials were just going to waste. Legally, what the crews were doing was theft, but it would have been hard pressed to actually enforce the law. 
I had the answer to the first question that Cassandra had put to me, and without much trying. It didn’t make me more at ease, or ready to risk my life, but it gave me small satisfaction because it had been so easy. The crew hadn’t really seemed interested in keeping me bound or captive. I had to bet that Conrad was the only person there who had the physical means to subdue me. I felt confident that I might be able to get away from the crew if I got a chance to run for it. My mission wasn’t going to succeed now that my biochip had been removed; I had no way of passing the location of Franklin on to the JSS.
Conrad was watching me carefully from just beyond the stairs. Maria had gone back into the kitchen and was cleaning things up. I guessed that the house belonged to her or her father – whoever that was. The terrorists appeared to have a good hide out. It looked like a cookie cutter home, in the building projects, and none too high class, but it did the job. They had a good concrete room to keep prisoners in. They had a quiet place to lay low.
“Go sit down on the couch,” Conrad barked.
I walked over to the couch and sat down in front of the television. Conrad had moved into the kitchen and began to argue with Maria. I tried to relax, although my eyes kept drifting toward the exit. 
If I had really wanted to, I could have reached for the social dialectic and used it to create deference. I had confidence in my ability, and I was pretty sure I could subdue Conrad. But if I used my abilities, it would eliminate my one chance to find out where the militias were and where Franklin was. I wasn’t ready to pack it in yet. I felt secure in the knowledge that I could escape if I wanted to. As long as I had that security, it was worth hanging around if only to see things through. I needed Conrad to believe that he was in control so that I could infiltrate their group.
I tried to relax, watching the television. As the news flashed on, I let my mind fall into the centre of the contradiction, allowing the calm to flow through my body, relaxing my joints. I wanted to gather as much information as I could about these people and the best way to do that was to listen to their thoughts. I allowed my attention to drift toward the kitchen, allowing the vibrations of the room to move through me.
In front of me, the television blared on: “… The health authorities are combating a particularly virulent strain of syphilis in Riel City. The health department requests anyone exhibiting symptoms to call their local hospital. We will be broadcasting a list of symptoms later today, as well as sending out text messages. You can view our livestream online or through your smart phone.”
Conrad was talking quietly, but the dialectic allowed me to focus my attention on his words. “You can’t expect me to take care of you when I have a prisoner. Your father would not approve of this.” Please Maria, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if you were hurt.
“I don’t care,” she replied stubbornly. “I’ve been sitting watching this safe house for almost two years because my father told me that I needed to earn my place. There are plenty of women in the militias who fight. It’s my turn.” I’ve been sitting on the sidelines too long. I had to watch too many of my friends die of this horrible disease. I want to do something.
“Maria. The South is a wasteland. It is a desert. There is little food. The sun will scorch your skin in a matter of seconds. There is no running water. The militias live off of small hydroponics farms and buy the rest of their necessities from the Mormons. It is a desperate and unhappy place.” Why won’t she listen to me? It is for her own good.
“I know. And my father has been living there for over a year. I have friends down there. I have family. I hate this place. When you go, I’m left alone here. I have nobody.” I can’t live like this anymore. I need to be with my family.
Conrad was visibly angry. He walked to the doorway. His eyes were fixed on me. I was staring straight ahead, as if watching the television, while my thoughts penetrated the depths of his mind. He turned around and began to shout.
“Dammit, Maria. I can’t risk you getting hurt. This isn’t a game. You have to listen to me.” I can’t allow this to happen.
She stepped right up to Conrad and stuck her finger in his face. “You’re not my father and you’re not my husband. You have no right to tell me what to do.” I’m going and there is nothing you can do about it.
Conrad turned and left the kitchen, pacing in front of the television as Maria went back into the kitchen, still red in the face. She was staring at a plate in front of her, obviously feeling badly about shouting. Conrad turned away, his expression becoming blank while he gazed out of a small window near the ceiling next to the television. He turned and walked toward the kitchen. He leaned up against the wall, his back turned to us.
I let my eyes rest on Maria, who had begun to walk back into the kitchen. Conrad remained standing, leaning up against the wall without speaking. I tried to focus on Conrad: the sound of his breathing and the odd way that his body shook when he moved.
The television droned on: “The arrest marks the sixth time since last year that a pre-meditated murderer has been caught minutes before the planned attack. The Riel City Police Department reports that in each case they acted on an anonymous tip. There hasn’t been a crime related murder in Riel City in over two months.”
Maria came back into the room. She spoke to Conrad: “I promise to do whatever you tell me.”
Conrad didn’t say a word. He stood there without speaking. The television continued to fill the room with noise: 
“Prime Minister Gilchrist’s otherwise positive trip to the Scandinavian Union was marred this morning, when the Russian Federation announced it was recalling its Ambassador. Tensions between the NAU and the Federation have increased of late owing to a dispute over arctic deposits of oil and natural gas. The Prime Minister released a statement assuring the Federation of the NAU’s commitment to international law in resolving the dispute.”
Maria came into the room wiping her hands with a dishrag. Conrad was still standing silently. She walked over to him.
“I need to get a few things ready. Do you want me to put your pack into the van?”
He replied: “It’s already in there.” He sounded defeated. “Get your stuff in the van so we can get out of here. The sun sets in twelve hours and we need as much of the night as we can for the salvage.”
Maria nodded and went upstairs, leaving me alone with Conrad. He didn’t move, so I kept watching television. 
It buzzed: “the safety zone, South of the NAU border, has been shifting as much as a kilometre over the past month, a sign that the normally stable habitable zone is becoming less so. Meteorologists have noted no significant changes in atmospheric currents that would explain the change. Government scientists have provided assurances that the NAU’s territorial boundaries are well within regional temperature normals.”
I waited for a quarter of an hour watching the television, while Conrad stood motionless, resting against the wall. The news was pretty standard fare. But my experiences in the JSS put things into a new context. I had suspicions that the reason that Riel City had been free of murders for over two months was probably related to Simon. The conflict with the Russian Federation had been ongoing for years, largely over huge resource deposits in the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans. The NAU government had had difficulties pressing their claim, owing to the fact that the NAU’s formation, which was intended to reflect Canadian and American territorial borders, was never recognized by the Federation. The Russians claimed that as a result, the NAU had no claim to the resources in the north.
The Russian Federation along with the Scandinavian Union were among the only European powers to survive the never ending heat. The race to conquer the newly emerging arctic islands and resources had involved all three powers. It had created a long standing conflict that had raised tensions on a number of different occasions. The danger zone around the equatorial region, extending as far north as the Northern American states, was impassable to any surface ships. Only submarines could move from the Northern to the Southern habitable regions. This made it difficult to move resources. The abundant resources of the newly colonized Antarctic region were largely out of reach to the northern powers. This made it even more important to secure the Arctic resources for the continued survival of the north.
The Scandinavian Union had taken the same course as the NAU had with regards to the problem of fertility. Their culture made it easier to implement the changes, owing to a highly educated and liberal populace. In Russia, things didn’t work out as well. They were slow to adopt the medications to treat the disease and many Afflicted were treated barbarically. They had suffered from massive labour shortages after infection. They were also slow to remove Afflicted from government posts and replace them with competent educated women. In the end, the saving grace of the Russian federation was the survival and success of the Mormon Free State. Evangelizers managed to stimulate an explosion in the number of Mormons in Russia, who readily adopted polygamy as the solution to the disease. The growth of polygamy led to the Russian Orthodox Church changing its stance on plural marriage. As a result of its resurgent population, the Russian Federation had become increasingly aggressive in international affairs, infused with enthusiasm about its new religious identity.
The closeness between the Mormon Free State and the Russian Federation was a sore point for the NAU government which viewed the Russians as backward. The NAU government had firmly opposed the Russian response to the disease which was haphazard and largely resulted in huge numbers of dead Afflicted, many of whom simply died of starvation or easily treatable conditions. 
I was roused from my introspection by the sound of Conrad shouting at me from the stairway.
“Let’s go, Red Hawk.”
I stood up and walked through the kitchen to the stairs. Conrad was standing at the top of the stairs on a landing past an open door. I took the first few steps up to the landing and could see an old blue van sitting at the ready just outside, its engine running. Conrad gestured for me to follow him. He was wearing his black coat with the hood up and sunglasses on.
I followed him up the stairwell and through the door. It looked to me like everyone was in the van already, so I walked over to the van and stepped into it. Conrad came up behind me and pushed me against the far wall. The door slammed shut behind us.




Chapter 11




My vision was largely obscured during the trip out of Riel City. Conrad was pinning me against the side of the van, even though it wasn’t as if I was going to go anywhere. The drive was smooth at first on city streets and freeways, but before long we were in the countryside. After a few hours, we turned down a country road, which was bumpy and caused my head to slam into the side of the van. 
“We’re not going to drive all the way to Toronto are we?” I asked.
Conrad gave me a shove. “No, Red Hawk. Terry has a plane. In a few minutes we’ll be up in the air.”
“It’s a seven hour flight,” Terry said. “We keep the truck on the boat. We’ll be at Lake Ontario by nightfall.”
Sure enough, after about fifteen minutes on the side road we stopped at a small runway, located just beyond a clearing on farmland. I was pushed into the open air, which was as clean and fresh as the air in Yellowknife. As I planted my feet on the runway, I couldn’t help notice the bright blue sky and red sun above us. Conrad gave me a shove and told me to move forward. I stumbled before recovering, noting a small plane, seating eight people waiting for us. I was shoved out of the way by Conrad and ended up on my knees. Maria helped me up, much to Conrad’s chagrin. I thanked her and kept walking, happy to be free of the tiny confines of the van.
The plane was small but seated eight people uncomfortably. The back of the plane was stuffed with backpacks and other gear. As soon as the plane engines revved up, I began to feel nauseous. I had been on a bush plane once before, and I had not enjoyed it. This plane was larger, but the effect was the same. I managed to fall asleep about fifteen minutes after takeoff, which was a blessing after the morning that I’d had.
I woke up to hear Patti laughing at Orson. I looked out the window and felt a momentary burst of anxiety, caused by the expanse of cloud and green landscape beyond. I had forgotten for a brief moment where I was, which only added to the shock. I looked at my watch; I’d slept for almost six hours. If Terry’s guess had been accurate, the flight was near its end. Maria was sleeping beside me, her head on my shoulder. Conrad was staring absently out of the side window, which shook from the vibration of the engines.
“You can’t get a break eh?” Patti said to Orson. 
Orson threw his cards at her, causing her to laugh.
Terry was half standing up, looking out the window as he flew the plane. It made me nervous to see him standing at the front of the plane, like he wasn’t sure where he was going or something. But after a few seconds, it became clear that he was looking for something: perhaps the runway he intended to land at. 
I wriggled my hands against the binds, which were cutting into my skin. My legs were cramped into the tiny space between the chairs. As I shifted, Maria began to rouse, causing Conrad to notice that she was sleeping on my shoulder. Irritated, he gave her a soft shove to wake her up. 
In the bright light of the atmosphere, I could see Conrad’s odd keratinous skin up close. It had the look of snake skin, but it was tan, without pattern. The plates were also heavier than the scales on a snake, making his movements more rigid and less graceful. He also had a different smell to him that filled the cabin. It was a smell that was difficult to explain. It wasn’t totally unpleasant, but it reminded me of going to the zoo in Yellowknife as a child and visiting the reptile exhibits. I doubted Conrad’s honesty about his existence. If his odd skin was a genetic disorder, I would have expected that I would have heard of it before. It was difficult for me to accept that he could simply be a freak of nature. It reminded me of the neo-Futurists and what I knew of genetic engineering. I had been taught in biology class that scientists were now able to introduce foreign genes into the human genome, and that the government had curtailed this research on moral grounds until a thorough review of the safety issues could be completed. But I had no doubt that research was continuing unabated by the JSS. Conrad’s skin made it possible for him to live in the danger zone south of the NAU; it couldn’t be a coincidence. Although the government assured the populace that the borders of the NAU were safe, there was no real way to predict with certainty that the sun’s activity wouldn’t increase. If the NAU were flooded with heat and radiation, people like him might be the only ones left. 
Through the front window, I could see the orange light of the sun on the front of the plane as it began its descent. The plane had begun to heat up the further south we travelled. Looking at my watch, I estimated that we were probably only an hour away from Toronto. Terry had turned the air conditioner up, but the plane was still getting hot. I could feel the sweat sticking to my body, making tiny confines of the plane even more uncomfortable. 
Conrad turned toward me. “Red Hawk. The sun will be setting in a half hour. We’ll be touching down around nightfall.”
Maria was awoken by the sound of Conrad’s voice. She was looking at Conrad, rubbing her eyes. She said, “What temperature is it out there?”
Terry tapped a small instrument on the panel in front of him and shouted from the front of the plane. “It’s forty five degrees.”
Orson stood up in his chair, stretching forward as he tried to see the sun through the window at the front. All the other windows were now shielded by the blue membrane, activated by Terry, keeping most of the heat from entering the cabin and obscuring the view. Orson was moving around next to Patti, knocking into her, and causing her to irritably shove him while she attempted to use a nail file on her fingernails. Up ahead, Terry kept bobbing up and down as he tried to see over the nose of the plane, his hands hovering over the instrument panels. 
The next half hour was excruciating. Although the temperature outside would ordinarily decrease the closer to sunset, because we were heading south, we were moving into hotter territory. The temperature outside stayed close to fifty degrees even though the sun was fading. The engine of the small plane struggled in the higher atmosphere as gusts of warming air sent the plane rising and falling uncontrollably. Terry brought the plane closer to the ground where it was even hotter.
From where I was sitting, Orson was blocking my view. But he started talking, describing what he could see.
“I can see the northern suburbs. For those of you who’ve never been, it isn’t a pretty sight. Most of the houses are stripped clean, exposed foundations. There are trees and grasses all over the roads.”
Maria sat up in her chair, straining to see. Orson continued: “We’ll probably head straight downtown, use the lakeshore to land the plane. Most of the big towers have been knocked down and picked through. It’s almost one big garbage heap of old concrete.”
“What kind of boat are we talking about?” I said to Conrad.
Orson gestured with his hand. He said: “It’s really a ferry more than anything else. All the control stations have been moved into the belly of the thing. They keep a dump truck and a boom crane in the hold for transport purposes. Most of the boat is under water. You can’t even go to the deck anymore. It’s insulated and runs on diesel. The passenger cabin is air tight and sealed to keep it cool.”
Maria smiled. “Terry stole it from Glenora. It’s a small town in Prince Edward County. He found it abandoned and retrofitted it for salvage work.”
Terry shouted: “I didn’t steal nothing. It was there for the taking.”
The plane had begun its descent, causing me to feel as if my stomach was moving into my head. Maria had leaned back, her face going pale white. Conrad seemed distracted by watching Terry, whose odd behaviour suggested an unorthodox landing style. Terry seemed to rely on his vision to the exclusion of any instruments. But he seemed to know what he was doing and no one else seemed concerned so I kept my mouth shut.
The plane banked, turning at a thirty degree angle, causing me to feel sick. Maria pressed up against my body, while Conrad seemed to be holding onto the side of the plane. I was looking forward to getting onto the boat.
Terry brought the plane around and came down quickly. As the plane drew level with the ground, I could see a huge pile of busted up concrete to left of the plane. As the plane’s wheels made contact, the dusk light had just begun to fade, leaving us in relative darkness. The plane slowed quickly, as Terry slammed on the breaks. The cabin shook violently until at last the plane was under control. 
Maria exhaled deeply. Conrad was already half-standing in his seat. He shouted at Terry: “Let’s get the hell out of here. Open the damn door.”
Terry moved into the cabin and pulled a long steel lever, popping the door of the plane open. Immediately, Orson climbed out, releasing a rope ladder down to the asphalt below. He was followed by Patti, who already had a cigarette in her hand. I had to wait for Maria and Conrad to climb out, leaving me in the plane with Terry.
At last, now that I was the only one left, Conrad barked at me to get off the plane. I pulled my body between the two seats in front of me and climbed awkwardly down to the road below, my bound hands making it difficult. Finally, Conrad came up behind me and pulled me down, catching me, and then tossing me to the ground.
I turned to look at the runway, which was actually a four lane roadway, scarred by time and wear. The yellow lines were faded. I stood up and dry washed my hands. Now that I was out of the plane, I could finally see north, but my view was blocked by vast and enormous piles of smashed concrete and rubble. The shattered remains of a freeway, scattered along the north edge of the road on which we landed, prevented me from seeing much in the downtown area. But from where I stood, I could see even larger mounds of shattered concrete that I guessed were the remains of the vast office towers that had once been the central business core. 
To the south, the remains of a few apartment buildings lined the water. The whole place had an eerie look to it. As the sun finally disappeared beneath the landscape behind us, the city had a strange and unsettling appearance.
Behind me, Terry had thrown the packs from the back of the plane onto the road below. This caused Patti, who had just finished a cigarette, to erupt in anger, shouting at Terry:
“I had my hair drier in there, Terry! What are you trying to do bust everything I own?”
Terry smiled and disappeared back into the plane, which accelerated away from us. I watched as the plane drove about a hundred meters away before turning and disappearing behind some rubble. I guessed that Terry was hiding the plane.
Conrad shouted: “Hey Red Hawk. You’re carrying our packs. Get over here.”
I walked over to the pile and began to awkwardly pick up a pack. Conrad noticed my distress and pulled out a knife, slicing through the cords binding my hands. With my hands free, I picked up a couple of packs and slung them over my shoulders. With my free hands, I held another pack, leaving a few packs for others to carry.
Orson and Conrad each took one pack from the pile. In the distance, I could see Terry walking toward us from beside a mound of concrete rubble.
As soon as all the packs were off the ground, Conrad shouted: “Let’s get out of here.”
We began to walk south toward the water, meeting Terry halfway between two large piles of rubble that I guessed had once been apartment buildings. Terry took the pack from Orson, rubbing the little man’s head with his free hand. 
We walked in silence for a few minutes, as the darkness descended. No one bothered to pull out a light. I guessed it was because they all knew where they were going. I stayed close to the group, feeling uncertain in unfamiliar territory. I wasn’t sure if this place was as abandoned as it looked.
“Does anybody live here?” I said to Conrad.
He didn’t answer me. Finally, Terry said: “Only the rats and the wild dogs and cats that eat them.”
“Nothing’s changed,” Orson laughed.
Conrad moved closer to Maria, who seemed to be distracted by her surroundings. “Stay close to me,” he said to her.
Terry led the way beneath what was left of an on ramp. The concrete structure rose pointlessly above the ground, split in the middle, with the steel frame beneath it gone. I guessed that if anyone had put any weight on it, the whole thing would collapse. Terry didn’t seem to notice or care. As we stepped away from the remains of an old freeway, I could see up ahead a shape standing in front of a barrel; from its mouth a flame sent long strands of smoke rising into the air. By this time, the sky was dark and the flame ahead seemed to spread its orange glow across the landscape, drawing my eyes.
Terry was moving quickly away from us. When he was about fifty meters from the shape he shouted out:
“Hey Acura! How you doing?”
The shape stepped away from the barrel and shouted back: “Akura! My name is Akura!”
The man had an accent that told me he was probably Asian. Patti started to laugh. Orson was smiling. As Terry reached the shape, he gave the man bear hug, dropping his pack on the ground.
“How are you doing, man?”
“Good Terry. Good. Been torture waiting for you guys.” Akura said.
“Everything ready?”
“We’re loaded up and ready to go.”
The group finally caught up to Terry, coming to a stop next to the barrel. In the weak light of the flame, I could see that Akura was Japanese. He had a wide face and boney cheeks. He was probably in his late thirties. He had the look of an Afflicted. His voice was thin and reedy. His frame seemed fragile and weak.
Patti walked over to Akura and gave him a slug in the shoulder, causing the man to recoil and clutch his shoulder. Orson was laughing. “How you been thin man?” She said.
“Good, Patti, Good,” he replied awkwardly.
Terry turned toward Conrad and I. Akura said: “Hi Conrad.” Conrad nodded.
Terry said: “We got a Red Hawk hostage today. He’s going to be doing the hard work for us.”
Akura looked at me. He grunted. Conrad was standing by the fire warming his hands. 
“Enough standing around,” Conrad said. “We’re wasting the night.”
Terry nodded and said: “Let’s go.” 
The rest of the group fell in behind him, walking in the weak light toward the water. Even this close to the lake, I couldn’t see it because of the rubble everywhere. But Terry seemed to know where he was going. Akura and Terry were talking quietly. I couldn’t tell what they were talking about. Patti was sucking on a cigarette, the red embers spreading the only light available. Conrad was beside me, sticking close, I guessed because he was afraid I would run off. On his other side, he drew Maria along beside him. She was very quiet.
We walked for another five minutes, bounding over piles of rubble and broken earth. Finally, we came down a small hill, and I could see the water stretching out on the horizon. In the darkness, it was an eerie green. At the bottom of the hill, there was a long steel pier, half in the water, which we awkwardly climbed down toward what looked like a mostly submerged boat. The surface part of the vessel had been dismantled, leaving a flat area that was covered in the blue nanomembrane. The sides of the boat were also coloured by the familiar blue shade.
Terry climbed from the steel pier onto the nose of the boat, which was connected to a spiral staircase that led below into the belly of the thing. The group followed after him. As I climbed down the staircase with Conrad behind me, I could see the landing below. The staircase led into a chamber that had drains out to the water. There was a door that had an airlock. 
“Go inside alone.” Conrad said.
I opened the door and stepped into the room. Conrad closed the door behind me, leaving me alone in the dark. After a few seconds of anxiety, another door opened and I stepped through. This opening led into a room with an open doorway that in turn opened into the internal hold of the ship. As I stepped into the bowels of the ship, distant light scattered on the low ceiling above revealing a boom crane truck and dump truck side by side. Ahead, I could see the group walking toward another door at the far end of the hold. 
I followed after them, noting Conrad and Maria behind me, joining me in the large hold that held the two trucks. Ahead of me, I watched as Orson disappeared into a small doorway. I climbed through, having to duck and bring my leg up. Inside was a long hallway with rooms on other side. I could see the group at the far end of the hallway talking in another small room. I followed the sounds into the room, which looked like a kitchen. It had a table and a couch, with a television. Terry, Orson and Patti were talking about something as I entered. 
“Welcome to the Hail Mary. She’s a good ship.” Terry said, beaming.
Behind me, I could hear Conrad and Maria entering the room. “Acura has already got us moving, if you didn’t notice,” Terry began. “We should be on the shores of Northern New York in about an hour. We’ll unload the trucks. We’re meeting the militia about four hours south of the border.” 
“Four hours?” Patti said. “That only gives us five to load up and get back to the boat.”
Terry nodded, stretching his hands wide. “The low hanging fruit is already gone, Patti. We have to go where the money is. That means we got to take risks.”
Orson’s mouth was a straight line. He said: “How much are we talking about here? If I’m going to get my ass burned it better be worth it.”
Terry nodded. “We’re buying rare Earths. The militias have been working on smelting these things from the garbage in the area. We’ll be moving a couple of tons of it. Worth more than gold.”
Patti’s eyes lit up. “Sounds like a good plan, Terry.”
Conrad was standing just inside the room. He said: “We’ll be leaving you after it’s loaded.”
Terry nodded. “No problem. Just give us a call when you need us again.”
Maria whispered to Conrad: “Can I talk to you for a second?”
Conrad nodded and followed her down the hallway until they were out of earshot. Conrad kept his eyes on me while they were talking. After a few seconds, he erupted:
“No! The answer is No. You are not staying with us. You are returning with Terry.”
Conrad stormed away from her, walking past me and into the kitchen. He gestured to Terry. “Can I talk to you privately for a second?”
Terry and Conrad stepped into the corner of the room. I couldn’t hear what they were saying but I guessed it had something to do with Maria. I was trying to stay out of the way. After I’d spent a few seconds standing up against the wall watching the rest of the crew, they scattered, each going to their respective station in the ship. 
Conrad came over to speak with me. As he did so, he pulled out a small notebook from the inside folds of his jacket, that I recognized as Simon’s Journal. He held it out to me and said:
“You can have this back.”
I took it from him, thanking him. “Did you take this from my pack?”
“I’ve seen it before,” he said cryptically. 
I didn’t ask. His eyes remained on mine. He said: “The boat will take about an hour to get across the lake. We’ll be climbing into the two trucks and getting off the boat. We’ll be driving about four hours to the south to meet the militias. We’ll help out loading everything into the trucks and then we’ll join the militias. Terry and his crew will return to the boat. Understand?”
I nodded. “Take a seat,” he said. “I’ll come for you when it is time to leave.”
I sat down on the nearest couch. After a few seconds, Terry followed Conrad, leaving me alone in the lounge. I opened Simon’s Journal to the last page that I had read, but my thoughts were elsewhere. After a few moments of absent rumination, I began to read.

I have struggled with the problem of genetics. In certainty, physiological features result from the developmental processes of a developing person. But these developmental processes are inextricably linked to the context in which the person develops. In my own attempts to alter my consciousness, I have had a substantial impact on the ordinary processes of my body. The most significant of these effects is the altering of my body’s rhythms and specifically the autonomic nervous system. I have been able to bring the dilation of my pupils under conscious control. I have managed to slow my metabolism by altering my thyroid activity. I have increased my testosterone production by altering the length of the scrotal ligament, with the concomitant effects on my masculinity. The ultimate conclusion from which I can draw is that all body processes can be brought under the control of the brain through the reorganization of one’s consciousness. But the reverse is also true. 
Sociality conditions a certain homeostasis of body processes. This homeostasis produces the phenotypic personality of the person. What this means is that in the ordinary course, a person’s natural homeostasis of body processes will be conditioned by a composite of factors arising from sociality and from other environmental factors. But among those who develop the ability to disrupt this conditioning, the phenotypic result may reflect a totally different origin.
Suffice it to say, the adoption of the biological world view by the populace has the effect of delegitimizing techniques designed to alter this normal homeostasis. In other words, the impetus of this world view is that we are at the whim of our biology, or more precisely, our biological reaction to our social conditions. 
I am sure then that sociality is the key intermediary of our personality to the extent that it legitimizes other techniques which might result in a different homeostatic equilibrium of our body processes. The supremacy then of the primitive struggle of sociality, arising out of the adoption of the evolutionary world view, is more a struggle to define one’s own biology rather than act it out. This is true because a person possesses a genetic heritage regardless of their phenotype. I only suggest that this heritage is initially inchoate, and depending upon the outcome of one’s sociality, this heritage becomes choate. That being said, there are those who possess a similar heritage, and so, the test of sociality becomes a group wide test. One outlier does not save a group. But more importantly, it is inchoate only to the extent that the person possesses the faculties to alter their internal homeostasis. Without these faculties, the person is subject to the dynamics of the social environment. But, these faculties are useless if they become delegitimized by altering the social norms.
In my mind, then, the adoption of the evolutionary worldview by the masses, understanding of course that it plays out in the unconscious mind, causes a standardization of genetics and behaviour. By delegitimizing behaviour that could alter the homeostasis produced by the outcomes of sociality, one can eliminate the outlier effect. But for this to be effective, the social norms of society must be altered so that all will enforce this direction. But more importantly, it would produce group based loyalties created by physiognomic similarities (as these are the most significant social cues available that have a purely genetic basis). As a result, this process would have the effect of enhancing the significance of facial appearance in the determination of all social outcomes. 
The key social features that appear to determine the outcomes and the resulting homeostasis appear to arise in the autonomic nervous system. The release of adrenalin causes a sympathetic reaction that results in the lifting of the scrotal ligament. Over time, the conditioning of a fear reaction could result in a long term effect on testosterone production. The fear reaction appears to be a significant factor then in sociality. The primitive struggle of sociality determines the need for a fight or flight response. The submissive will develop a predisposition to this response in the face of repeated encounters with the dominant. The key factor then appears to be whether the submissive develops a release from this conditioning. That may arise by the opening of a closed social grouping, through migration, or simply through the cooperation of another person in the facilitation of the submissive’s sexuality. 
The parasympathetic nervous system and the sympathetic nervous system play a key role in sexuality and in sociality. The parasympathetic system of the submissive is conditioned by the intentional actions of the dominant. The dominant attains a state of higher parasympathetic activation through self-soothing, while the submissive loses intentional control over its parasympathetic nervous system. There thus appears to be a conditioned calibration between the autonomic nervous systems of interacting persons. I would suggest that this calibration will alter the normal body rhythms and hormonal balance, as well as altering brain function accordingly. I would suggest that this is the primary source of the natural homeostasis. Once the submissive loses the ability to self-soothe with respect to a dominant, the accumulation of deference builds tension into the postures of the submissive, gradually increasing, resulting in a ratchet effect. 

I lifted my eyes off the page, struggling to coerce the meaning from the text. Simon was talking about biology and I hated biology. After graduation I had resolved never to read another text on biology as long as I lived. I wasn’t learning anything from this part so I decided to skip forward in the notebook. I moved it about ten pages further into the notebook, hoping that I might find something more interesting and useful to me.

It appears that the intersection of the minds’ of the dominant and the submissive produces a pathway of unconscious intentionality that anchors the conscious intentional actions of the dominant. This arises from the intersection of spatial dominance and the qualities that effectuate the position of dominance to the submissive. The unconscious mind of the dominant will create thought patterns according to contingencies centering around the self-image of the dominant preserved by the submissive in its encounters with other members of a closed social grouping. The goal of the dominant will be to create spatial continuity between the submissive and other competitive members of the closed situation and also spatial continuity between the submissive behaviours of the submissive, to the exclusion of dominant features, and thereby consolidate his dominance. The actions of the submissive that bring out of the appropriate qualities in the dominant will occurs simultaneously, through the interlocking of their minds. 
This simple connection is a microcosm of the larger operation of sociality. A closed social grouping establishes a social directive unique to that grouping. The dominant determines the conditions for that directive in that grouping so long as it is closed, through the submission of others. The dominant will ensure that his unconscious desires are met within the context of that social grouping through this directive. On a larger scale, the culture arises from another closed social grouping, comprising all the narratives and archetypes within its media. Different social groupings will require distinct sacrifices by non-dominant members. So, the resulting identity may be very different depending upon the closed group. 
The recognition of archetypes and narratives by members of the social grouping results in the conditioning of the behaviour of members according to those narratives and archetypes. This occurs both consciously and unconsciously, centering around the dominant’s assertion of his dominant features. So, the directing of the collective unconscious arises out of the alteration and the construction of new narratives and archetypes. Members within the social grouping are only able to adopt new features if they are able to incorporate their behaviours into a socially accepted narrative. Once incorporated, each member of the social grouping will automatically attempt to reduce new or unrecognized narratives or archetypes into those already existing as part of asserting their identity within the closed social grouping. On the balance, the creation of new narratives becomes increasingly difficult as those who would seek to exercise their creative process are conditioned into producing something that already exists.
There is only one escape from the primitive struggle of sociality and the social directive. I have called this idea the social dialectic. I have called it this because of its power to alter the outcome of sociality. It is a simple enough idea. It requires allowing the unconscious self to become submissive to all others, while retaining the intentional self as dominant over that other half. The result of this is that the submissive half will always desire to act out the judgments and suggestions of others, allowing the dominant half to read the intention of others through the inclinations of the weaker half. It works as effectively if the submissive is allowed to act out the suggestion but the ultimate goal of the dialectic is to drain out the normal unconscious processes of the mind so that one’s unconscious actions always reflect the suggestions of others. Once this state is reached, one need not act out those suggestions because the mind is able to capture them before they override the execution pathways of the mind.

I skipped ahead a few pages, out of curiosity. There was something missing here. Earlier in the journal Simon had described the “true dialectic”. Now, much later he is describing the “social dialectic”. It sounds as if he is saying there may be more than one dialectic at work. More importantly, he describes one as the “true dialectic”. I was not clear as to the relationship between these two ideas. If the “true dialectic” was true, then why was it not taught to the JSS? What was the significance of the “true dialectic” to Simon’s abilities and his ideas? I had trouble understanding the significance of the contrast between the two. I also found it difficult to understand how either related to his abilities. I had seen the power of the social dialectic in my own training. What kind of power did the true dialectic have?
Maria walked into the room, stopping beside me on the couch, allowing her body to fall onto the cushions next to me. She smiled, her hair tossed up over the edge against the wall, her legs sticking out off the cushions.
“What are you doing?” She said.
“Reading,” I replied.
“What are you reading?”
“A book.”
“What kind of book?”
I closed the journal in my lap. Irritated, I put it next to me and changed the subject. “Who is your father, Maria?”
She stared at me, blinking twice, and then she said: “He’s William Franklin.”
I tried to ascertain if she was joking, but when she didn’t laugh, I knew it was the truth. I leaned back against the couch.
“They say he is a Prophet,” I said.
“Yes. So they say. I don’t really think of him in those terms.”
“Well, how do you see him?”
“He’s my father. I see him as he is.”
I turned toward her. “Maria I need to understand the man that is going to decide whether I live or die. You need to tell me about him. They say that he speaks to God: that he can prophesy?”
“I don’t know, John…” She trailed off.
“Please, Maria. I need to know.”
“Before the disease, he was a geneticist. He was really well known. He didn’t believe in God. But after the heat began, everything changed.”
“Tell me.”
“Well, my dad wasn’t like most of the Afflicted. He wasn’t dumb like them. But he wasn’t resistant either. It was strange, John. When he got sick, he ended up in bed, his eyes all glassy, not speaking for months. And then, one day, we came into his room and found him on his knees in front of the window and he was praying. The next morning, he woke up and made us breakfast.”
“But it wasn’t like he was back to normal. He was still sick. His body fell apart. He would go sometimes for a few days where he couldn’t do anything by himself. But we’d always find him, when it got real bad, kneeling in front of the window, praying.”
“Did he tell you what happened to him?”
“No. Not really. He told us that God had spoken to him. He didn’t tell us what God said. But after that, he turned away from everything. He stopped working. He gave up his career as a scientist. All he did was read the Bible and pray.”
“Did he ever teach you about the Bible?”
“He would tell us that the Bible is the word of God. He would say that every word of it, will come to pass, and every meaning expressed is true literally and figuratively for all time.”
“Literally true?” I said, surprised.
“Yes. He told us that it is true, word for word.”
I shook my head. I remembered enough about the Bible to find this troubling. It was filled with phrases that could only have been meant symbolically. It was difficult for me to accept that the whole world revolved around the exact wording of a book, even one as famous as the Bible.
“Do you believe that?” I said.
“Of course I do.”
I shook my head. “How can you believe that?”
“I’ve seen things, John. Things that you could not believe or explain. After God spoke to him, he knew things, things that were impossible. He told me six months before it happened the exact day that my mother would pass away. She had been sick of tuberculosis for years, John, and yet my father knew the day that she would pass.”
“Do you believe your father has supernatural abilities?”
“My father is a man, John. He is a human being. Only God has the power.”
“And what about the JSS?”
“Well,” she managed weakly. “The devil has power too.”
I sighed. Maria saw things simply, and although we were close to the same age I felt much older. It was difficult for me to imagine thinking that way, given all the torment and all the contradictions in the world. A part of me still believed in a good and righteous God but it was a small part. Perhaps it was the seduction of the social dialectic and power, or perhaps I simply hadn’t really allowed my faith to grow, but Maria’s description of her father filled me with foreboding, as I struggled to figure out how I was going to survive this mess.
“I don’t know what to say, Maria. I’ve seen things, done things, myself that you might not believe. Part of me admits that if this is possible then anything might be.”
“John, there are only two forces in this world. There is good and there is evil. Everything that does not come from God is not good.”
I shook my head. The social dialectic had freed me from suffering. I found it hard to see things in such a black and white way that she did.
“Well, let me ask you this,” she began. “Do you think that it is right for the Afflicted to suffer?”
“Of course not.”
“And if the source of that suffering were the policies of our government, would that not make those policies evil?”
“I suppose it would.”
“That is what we believe, John. There is a way of God and a way of the devil. The Lord punishes those who defy him. He punishes them for their sins. But those sinners bring down judgment upon others as well. One need only look at the story of Lot and Sodom and Gomorrah to see that sometimes God’s punishment impacts those free of sin.”
 “So you believe that the disease was brought upon us by our sin?”
“Yes, John. The never ending heat, the disease, they are all signs of the end. They are signs of God’s return to judge the living and the dead.”
I didn’t speak for a long time, letting my thoughts roam over the same territory, around the questions that sought to indict me for my sins. I knew that my resistance to these ideas stemmed from my attachment to the ideas of the JSS. There was no doubt in my mind that they represented two distinct and disconnected paths. But my mind sought to reconcile them, so that I might be permitted to accept parts of both. In truth, my mind was divided. A part of me knew that the power of the social dialectic was not from God. It represented something disordered, something disconnected. But at the same time, I was reminded of Conrad’s words. And I began to see things in a new way. What if the JSS were sent to enact out God’s judgment upon mankind? What if the power of the JSS had been given by the devil, with the approval of God, to perform a task? If God’s judgment was upon the Earth, then those enacting that judgment could not truly said to be in the wrong, could they? If both God and the devil had a role to play, then who could judge the devil for simply fulfilling his purpose? After all, what would God be without the devil? What would the devil be without God? There was a certain harmony to this idea that seemed consistent with my thoughts about God and the social dialectic. But the part of me that believed kept tugging at me.
“There is something you must understand about my father,” she said.
“My father gave up everything. He gave up his career and his fame. He gave up his family even. He did this because of the message of Jesus Christ. You see, John, Christ is unique because although he was a God, and destined to be the king of Israel, he accepted the most humble of all positions, serving us by allowing himself to be lead to death. This is the key message of Jesus. If you are to believe in God and Jesus you must live his example; you must choose to be weak and to be powerless. You must give up the glory that may even be your birthright.”
“But for what purpose? Why would I want to give up everything I have?” I answered.
“For eternal life and with the knowledge that your life in this world will serve the ends of goodness and righteousness.”
“Look at it this way, John. Without God, everyone seeks power. A world such as ours, without God’s presence, is one in which every action is premeditated, toward the ends of accumulating power.”
“God is the only alternative to that world. Because God is love. And without God, there is only power.”
She smiled at me, taking my hands in hers when she had finished speaking. My mind and my heart were divided. It was a hard thing that she was telling me. It went against every natural impulse that I had. To choose to give up everything, for something that is not even of this lifetime, upon which the only guarantee was the word of a man living two thousand years ago, was a difficult thing to do. It didn’t help that up until the JSS I was a relative nobody. I had been an outsider in high school. I was a joke at Basic. But for the first time in my life, I had something that others wanted. I’d often heard people say it is better to have nothing than to be given something and have it taken away. 
“Anyway, just think about it, John. I am always happy to talk about God. So if you want to talk to me about it, just ask.”
Maria stood up and made a small wave with her hand before disappearing down the hall. I let my gaze return to the Journal in my hand. Absently, I flipped the pages, not quite reading it, wondering what Simon thought of God. I stood up and put the book in my pocket awkwardly, its rectangular shape stretching the fabric. I had decided to take a tour of the ship in the short time I had before we would be disembarking south on the trucks.
I walked into the hallway, leaving the kitchen behind. Along the right wall were a number of doors into small rooms with beds in them. The rooms were each decorated, and I guessed that they were for Terry and his crew. I followed the hallway to the end of the hall and stepped through an open door that led to a spiral staircase. I looked down and could hear echoing up through the vacant space the roaring sound of engines. Above, I could hear nothing. I decided to climb up the staircase. 
The stairs ascended for about two stories and stopped at a door that was only open an inch. I could feel the breeze filtering in through that crack and the sound of water, rushing up against the hull of the ship. I pushed the door open and it revealed a sky full of constellations, the stars illuminating the ship with pale light. I could hear the rushing of the waters, like the rising and falling of the tide. Ahead, as I stepped out onto the top deck, I was captivated by the round shape of a full moon, coloured like rust, encircled by a laurel of black grey clouds, etched as if on canvass.
Ahead, I could see the shape of a woman, her dress swaying in the breeze, holding her left arm with her back to me. I walked closer, aware that it was Maria. As I stepped up behind her, I put my arm on her shoulder. She jumped, and then turned to me.
She said: “John! You surprised me.”
I pulled my hand away. “I’m sorry. What are you doing up here?”
“Isn’t it beautiful?” 
I looked back at the starry sky, traces of bluish light spread thinly as if by brush strokes around the little dipper.
“Yes,” I said. “It’s very different down here.”
“What do you mean?” She said.
“Where I’m from, in Yellowknife, the constellations are different. The Aurora Borealis give it an array of different colours, blue, pink, purple, or red.”
“I’ve never seen the Northern Lights.”
“It’s beautiful even if you’ve seen it a hundred times.”
Maria nodded silently. We stood watching the stars, standing next to each other, for a long time. Finally, she spoke.
“We should go back downstairs. Conrad would be furious if he knew I brought you up here.”
I turned and began to walk back toward the door. She was still staring at the sky. “How can you look at this and not believe?” She said desperately.
I went back into the light of the staircase. I waited as she made her way back to me. When she had stepped through the door, I closed it and sealed it by turning the circular handle clockwise. She had already begun to descend the stairs by the time I’d finished.
I followed her down the stairs. She was waiting for me at the bottom. As I stepped into the hallway, she gestured toward the door into the main hold.
“They’re all in here, smoking, talking, I think.”
“I see,” I said.
“You can join them if you want. I’ll tell Conrad that I said it was okay.”
“Maria?”
“Yes?”
“How can you believe in Jesus and be okay with the murder of innocent people?”
She looked away and didn’t answer me. Finally, she said: “I never believed that it would come to that. I can’t answer you, John. I trust my father. He believes that everyone who has the microchip has already taken the mark of the beast. In the Book of Revelation that means that you are already dead; you belong to the evil one.”
“So then it’s okay to kill us?”
“It’s never okay. But that is what the militias believe. That is what my father believes.”
“For what purpose, Maria? Why murder people? What does it accomplish?”
She turned on me, her finger raised. “The NAU government has committed genocide on a scale unmatched in history. Not even the holocaust killed so many innocent people. This disease was not a random act of fate; it was the result of planned and premeditated campaign of terror and murder against people who rejected the tyranny of liberalism.”
“Tyranny?” I said. “The NAU is a democracy. Canada and the United States were democracies. Where is the tyranny?”
“How facetious of you. You know as well as I do that the NAU government does not represent the will of the people. They are mere cattle to you Red Hawks. You lead them and where they go they do not know.”
“How is that any different from your Good Shepherd?”
“Because, John, he was a God and he loves us. Do you really believe that the people in control of the JSS love the citizens of the NAU? No, they only wish to dominate them. Their sole concern is power.”
I exhaled deeply, holding my tongue. For a small woman, with simple mannerisms, she had firm convictions. I did not wish to anger her. I felt too fond of her to make her think badly of me. I appreciated what she was saying, but I couldn’t fully agree with her. Even if the government was a tyranny, even if people believed they were free, when in reality they were slaves, what was that compared to the murder of innocent people? Even her claim that all those who accept the microchip are already dead felt weak when I thought of the mandatory injection process that I underwent as an adolescent. Of course I had a choice not to accept the injection, but why would I reject something designed to save my life?
Maria opened the door to the expansive hold inside the ship, leaving me standing in the stairwell looking after her. I hesitated for a moment and then followed after her. 
As I approached the back of the boom crane, I could hear someone speaking in front of it. “If you ask me, I say we just throw him overboard and hope he drowns.”
Orson laughed. “I second the motion.”
“Boys, boys, boys,” Patti said, her voice cracking hoarsely.
Maria spoke: “He’s a good person. I don’t believe he is a lost cause.”
“Always collecting lost sheep aren’t you, Maria?” Conrad said.
“He understands, Conrad. It isn’t like the others. He understands the Bible; he just isn’t sure what he believes.”
Terry spoke: “Be that as it may, he’s a liability. If he makes it back to the JSS then our operation is over. If you won’t get rid of him then I will.”
Conrad replied: “Don’t you worry about that, Terry. He’s either going to end up working for us, or he’s going to end up dead. He isn’t going to give you guys away.”
I stepped out from behind the vehicle, catching Orson’s eye, who smiled deceitfully. “Hey there’s the man of the hour.”
Conrad snarled at me. 
Maria said: “I told him to come out here, Conrad.”
“I don’t care what you told him. I told him to stay put. He does what I say, not what you say.”
“Don’t blame her. She didn’t know.” I said.
“Of course I don’t blame her. I blame you.”
Terry walked over to me, standing upright, and right in my face. Up close, I could tell he was at least six foot six. He had a long moustache and a grin on his face.
“I don’t care if you’re forty years younger, resistant and in good shape. I could kick your ass here to Yellowknife before you can say Red Hawk. So you are going to do as I say. If I tell you to throw yourself off the ship you’re going to do it. Because if you don’t it’ll end up even worse for you.”
“I believe you.” I said simply.
Terry stepped back, looking a bit bemused. 
Maria said: “You see.”
“Just like that, he stops being a damned vampire? I don’t buy it,” Terry said.
“This isn’t up to us anyway,” Patti said. “Let Conrad take him to militias. They’re not going to be any easier on him. One way or the other, if he’s lying, he’ll end up paying for it.”
“And in the meantime,” Orson said. “He can help us load the truck.”
Conrad walked over to me and pulled me by the shoulder, walking back toward the door to the hallway. I reluctantly allowed myself to be directed and followed his lead. Before long, I was sitting by myself in the kitchen again looking at Simon’s Journal absently. 
After only a few minutes of being seated, I felt the ship begin to slow down in my stomach, making me feel nauseous. I knew that we were on the shores of the United States. I stood up and walked over to the doorway, waiting for Conrad to show up. I ended up waiting for a quarter of an hour. When he finally did come, he didn’t speak to me at all, he simply gestured for me to follow him.
We made our way through the hold toward an open doorway about the size of two garage doors. It was open to the night air, and the cold breeze had filled the insides of the ship. Outside, I could see the two trucks already running on land. It looked as if they had been loaded already and driven up onto the unloading dock.
Conrad and I walked through the doors into the night air, the sky still bright with sparkling stars. As we stepped onto the unloading dock, immediately the gate behind us began to close, sending loud shearing sounds and vibrations through the dock. I followed Conrad out of the ship, but as we stepped into the darkness, he dropped behind me, forcing me forward in front of him with his hand. I walked toward the boom crane and followed its right side to the cabin at the front. I climbed up and knocked on the door, which opened, with Orson’s pudgy face smiling out at me. 
“You’re on the back.” He gestured at the crane.
I turned around and Conrad was standing watching me. He gestured toward a small ladder on the side of the truck. I climbed up and onto the back, walking along the edge of the crane until I found a place where I could hold onto something.
Conrad joined me on the crane a few seconds later. Even though it was dark, I could feel him glaring at me.
“What?” I said.
“We’ve only got five hours to get to the pickup, load the stuff and get back here. I’m going to need you to do what I tell you. If they die, you die.”
“Alright,” I said.
“And another thing. Down there, there are still some cannibals alive, living like animals. If we run into anyone I expect you to help or we’ll throw you in the middle of them.”
I nodded, although I knew that he couldn’t see it. I tried to imagine the militias and the cannibals, having only ever heard of them in stories and on television. It was said that many had acquired a taste for human meat and would sometimes abscond with captives, people who strayed too far south. I imagined that the militias would be well acquainted with them. The militias were notorious for their affection towards their weaponry. I had no doubt that down here, the cannibals ran from the militias rather than the other way around.
“I get it Conrad. You don’t have to spell it out.”
“Where’s Maria?” I said.
“I told her that she could ride with us, but she’s going back with Terry on the boat.”
I was surprised. I hadn’t expected Conrad to crack, especially knowing how dangerous it was south of the border. Even though he probably hadn’t noticed, I could hear some anxiety in his voice. I felt strangely protective of Maria and resolved to make sure no harm came to her; if both Conrad and I were watching out for her, she’d be safer.
“Where is the pick up?” I said.
“In Williamsport, New York.”
I’d never heard of Williamsport, but I guessed it was a smaller town. Most of the old atlases in the house at home still had the continental US maps. I’d been fascinated by those maps when I was younger, memorizing some of the states. I knew most of the big cities, so I guessed it was a smaller town. New York was a large state, which meant we were probably heading straight south.
“How hot does it get down there during the day?”
“It can get into the seventies. Burn a hole right through your uniform. You’d be covered in third degree burns in a little over three minutes.”
I shook my head. It was small wonder that the militias had managed to survive for so long, so far south. The world down here was foreign and strange. I had trouble understanding why anyone would want to remain.
“Why do the militias remain so far South?”
“That is where the resources are. They have their ways of staying alive. They’d rather die in the wasteland than live in the NAU.”
Conrad’s words sunk deep into my mind. These people had a lot of conviction. I began to feel anxious, not knowing what to expect. I had always viewed the militias as just more people, only living south of the border. But these were not ordinary people. They’d been living in a wasteland for over a decade. They’d had to survive through trade and salvage. They probably did not live in houses or even drive cars. They worshiped a God whose Churches and Cathedrals in the NAU had long been turned into tourist attractions. It was a foreign place that we were going. These people had their own culture and traditions. I began to feel a bit out of place, as if I had been brought to a distant land, without any knowledge of their customs.
“When the militias show up, you can keep your mouth shut.”
The truck began to move suddenly, causing me to grab hold of a metal bar to keep upright. As the vehicle accelerated, the engine rumbled and the wind blew through my hair and against my body, making me feel cool. Conrad hadn’t moved. His body was rigid against a steel pole. As the truck sped up, I realized that the noise would make it impossible to speak, so I began to follow the stars above, watching as a falling star flew across the sky.
Right off of the boat, the road went to an old highway, whose cracked and split asphalt still provided enough traction. After an hour, the trucks began to slow and then stop. Finally, Orson jumped out and began to urinate right next to the truck. After he’d finished, the trucks accelerated again and we were off. 
The trucks had driven past a few abandoned buildings, half crumbling, without seeing the slightest sign of life. But as the trucks began to accelerate, I could see ahead the distant shadow of a looming town, the moon’s silver light providing some illumination. As we drove into the city limits, an old bent sign read: “Rochester”. The trucks stuck to the outside of the city, but in the pale light, I could see a distant fire lighting the windows of an old building, still upright. I pointed at the light and Conrad nodded. He moved close to my ear and shouted:
“There are still some left. But not the sort you would want to have over for dinner.”
The trucks edged around the outside of the city before heading south again. Once we were on the highway, we didn’t stop until we’d reached Williamsport. It was a nothing of a town, with a small downtown of boarded up and crumbling buildings. The only noticeable sign of life was an old aircraft hangar, still intact, sitting at one end of the city. 
The trucks made for the hanger, weaving between smashed old cars and debris on the road. As we approached the hanger, Conrad moved to the front of the truck, climbing to the window and shouting into the cabin.
“Hand me a rifle!”
He reached into the truck and pulled out a long rifle. He climbed back onto the back of the truck and stood just behind the cabin with his rifle ready, on his shoulder. 
The trucks slowed to a stop about fifty meters from the hanger, which was silent and dark. When they’d stopped, Orson jumped out of the truck.
“Maybe they’re late,” he said.
“Orson get back on the truck,” Conrad shouted.
Ahead, a shape appeared from the shadows. Orson looked on for a moment and then thinking better of it, jumped back into the truck, slamming the door behind him. Conrad was at the front, holding his rifle in line for a clean shot.
The shape moved closer and we could see it was a woman with long hair. She stopped about twenty meters from the truck, not speaking or otherwise gesturing to us. Finally, Conrad jumped off the truck and ran out to her, stopping about ten meters away. 
He shouted: “Identify yourself!”
“Margaret,” she said calmly. “You’re welcome to join us inside.”
“Where is Hank?”
She pointed back at the building behind her. “He’s in there.”
“We’re not going anywhere until I see Hank.”
She turned around and walked back toward the hanger. When she was about ten feet away she called out into the cavernous interior. A man joined her in the pale moonlight. From where I stood, it looked like he was wearing a prismatic cloak, which made it difficult to focus on his shape. 
When he was about ten meters away from Conrad he shouted out. “Conrad, relax. It’s just us. Margaret come here.”
Conrad let the rifle down off of his shoulder tentatively. As he did so, the trucks accelerated to join him by the hanger. By the time I climbed off the truck everyone else was inside, except for Maria, who sat in the truck, watching with the lights on. For a brief minute I pondered making a run for it, but I knew that by myself I was as sure as dead. I stepped into the darkness of the hanger. At the other end, I could see a small fire, spraying its orange light into the black. I followed the light and stepped up behind Terry, who was busy arguing with someone.
I couldn’t see the person well in the dull light. He had a black and grey beard, wearing an old baseball cap on his head. His prismatic cloak was shedding the fire’s light like a crystal glass.
“I told you that we had to pay you in gold bullion. We don’t have anything else.”
“What are we supposed to do with gold out here? It’s worthless.”
“Are you insane?” Terry said visibly angry. 
“What did you expect us to bring? Food? Water?”
“Anything that we could actually consume, yes. Anything at all. Even cigarettes are better than gold.”
Terry kicked up some dust from the ground. Orson walked in front of him, putting his hands on Terry’s chest. 
“Relax, Terry. I’m sure we can work this out.”
“I got a pack of cigarettes,” Patti said mockingly.
“It’s not funny, Patti.” Terry said. “We’d didn’t drive all the way down here to go home empty handed.”
“What do you want from us?” Terry barked.
“What else do you have?” The voice said. 
Terry grabbed at his head, turning around and muttering under his breath. His gaze drifted back to the two trucks and the starry light above. After a minute, he turned back to the man.
“All we have is what we can carry. We have some rifles. We have enough food and water for a day or two. We have our two trucks. That’s all we have.”
The man’s expression didn’t change. He didn’t speak for a minute or so. And then, he said: “Maybe you could help us with something then.”
“What do you mean?” Terry said.
“There are a group of the Damned living in Rochester. We’ve never been able to get rid of them because we don’t have many vehicles that work. Every once and a while they attack our caravans.”
“So what does that have to do with us?” Orson said impudently.
Terry put his hand on Orson’s shoulder. “We’ll help. If that’s what you want. It’s on our way home anyway.”
Orson turned on Terry, about to shout, when Terry shook his head, silencing the smaller man.
“How many guns do you have?” Hank said.
“Once for each of us, except the prisoner.”
“What kind of weapons?”
“Conrad has an older sniper rifle. The rest of them are automatics.”
Hank looked at me suspiciously. He said: “That’s four weapons. We think there may be about ten of them.”
“How many of you are there?” Terry said.
“Five men and the women. But they stay here.”
“We’d need to be back by sunrise, right?”
“No,” Hank said. “We’ll stay up there during the day and come back in the evening. We’ll have someone come for us. We have a place underground near here where there are many more of us. The women will be safe here.”
“I’m not staying here,” Patti said.
“And I thought we were going to get rid of you,” Orson said.
Patti gave Orson the middle finger. She pulled the cigarette package out of her pocket, making a small gesture to Hank. He smiled and took one. 
“On the house,” she smiled.
“Tell me,” Orson said, walking right up to Hank. “Is it true you folks are polygamists?”
“Orson,” Terry barked. Orson was staring at Hank, unabashed. 
Hank smiled. “Only a few of us.” 
He took a drag from the cigarette.
“How’s that working for ya?” Patti said.
“Not too bad,” he grinned again.
“What you people do with your Afflicted when their brains turn to mush?” Orson said.
“As soon as their minds start to go, we give them a choice. We get them the medications if we can or we show them mercy by allowing them the right to die with dignity.”
“How is that?” Patti said.
“We give them back to the Lord.”
Orson seemed to be puzzling over that one. I could tell that he was about to ask another stupid question when Conrad stepped up beside him and spoke into his ear. I could hear what he said from where I was standing.
“They leave them in the sun, to watch the sunrise.”
Orson balked at that, and was about to speak again when Hank replied: “You have never seen a more beautiful sight than the ashen sun, its red face brighter than the brightest star, radiant and pure. It is a death that is fitting and quick.”
“Barbaric,” Patti said quietly.
Hank looked at her with pity. “This place is already dead. We are all living in an era that has already been judged. To die in the sun is a release from suffering.”
Terry shook his head. “Anyway, we got work to do people. Enough standing around yapping. Let’s get the trucks loaded up.”
Conrad and Terry walked back to the two trucks idling just outside the hanger. Terry drove the boom crane into the hanger first, with the dump truck following. The dump truck drove right up to the fire, stopping about five feet away, flashing on its brights, as Conrad’s eyes searched for the materials we’d come for.
Hank walked up to the driver side and shouted up at Conrad. “Over there!” He gestured with his hand.
Hank jumped off the truck and Conrad drove it to the other side of the hanger, the bright lights revealing a set of steel barrels, painted blue. Conrad stopped the truck about five meters from the barrels. Terry pulled up the boom crane perpendicular to the truck, putting it in park and casting the bright lights onto the barrels. When the trucks were parked, Conrad and Terry each hopped onto the back of the boom crane. Terry climbed into a small cabin, where the crane was controlled, while Conrad jumped down onto the ground, watching the crane as it began to move, its hydraulics buzzing loudly as they shifted.
After a few minutes, I could see the crane beginning to unfold. Its long vice like hand extended out in front of the truck, with Conrad directing Terry from the side. After a few minutes of shouting back and forth, Conrad had the first barrel hooked up to the crane. Terry quickly lifted it up off the ground and drew it over to the dump truck, dropping it carefully in one corner.
I watched from the distance for a few minutes as the pair worked at getting all the barrels into the back of the truck. Behind me, Patti was joking with Margaret, who had a soft and silky voice.
“You’ve never had a cigarette? The men don’t let you, eh?”
“I could if I wanted,” she said.
“We’ll have one now,” Patti replied.
“No,” she said holding out her hand. “It’s okay.”
Hank was watching the crane work. But after a few minutes, he began to walk into the darkness behind the fire, leaving the hanger out of a side door. I guessed that he had gone to get the rest of the men who would be joining us. 
“I don’t know how you do it, sister. This place is a headache. I mean. Do you even have running water?”
“The Lord gives us all we need,” Margaret replied.
“Well what about electricity? Do you have television?”
“We have the Bible.”
“Geez. And all you got to do is read one old book? I couldn’t live like this. I’d probably end up topside watching the sunrise after the first night.”
“How many wives does your husband have?” Patti asked.
“He has twelve wives.”
Orson, who had been in a deep trance, staring into the flames, jumped up. “Twelve wives?” He shouted.
Patti laughed. “Orson here hasn’t had a women in longer than you’ve been alive. If he was your husband he’d probably piss himself he’d be so happy.”
Margaret looked at Orson with a slight twinge of disgust. Patti kept snickering. “I don’t what they put in the water down here,” she said.
Orson walked right up to Patti, trying to stare her down even though he was looking up. “I’ll have you know that I’ve been married before.”
“And how did that work out for you?” Patti replied.
“You mean before or after my affair?” Orson said. Patti laughed.
Margaret was ignoring the pair of them and had noticed me standing next to the fire. She walked over to me and smiled.
“Shalom,” she said to me. 
I supposed it was some sort of greeting. “Hello,” I replied.
“You are different than these ones. You still have the life.”
“The life?” I asked.
“Your blood is still strong like my husband. The blood of most men is like his,” she gestured toward Orson.
“This means that you have the grace of God. That he has spared you from his judgment. It means that you have a great purpose that he intends for you to complete.”
I nodded to her. Up close she was quite beautiful, although her face was marked by dust and scars. She wore no makeup, and her clothing was old and frayed looking. I could tell just by looking at her that she had had a hard life. And yet, I guessed she was probably only nineteen.
“Tell me,” she said. “Up North, does anyone still pray to God?”
I half shook my head. “There are few of you left. The churches are empty every Sunday. Mostly no one even talks about God. But when people do, it is usually to say that they are happy that people have finally evolved.”
She shook her head. “It is sad. But it is exactly as we believed. Your home is dead. They think they still live because they continue to eat and drink, but their souls have died. There is nothing left for them.”
I turned toward the fire, letting the light catch my eyes. Margaret seemed preoccupied by her thoughts. She turned toward the fire, her face moving every so often as if she was searching for something. I felt that she was a warm person, a truly honest person. I felt as if I could trust her. I needed to know and the words escaped my mouth before I could refuse them.
“Can I ask you Margaret? What will your people do to me?”
She didn’t answer at first. And then, she said: “It is not our place to judge you. You have already been judged.”
“So you know what I am?” I said.
“You are a Red Hawk. A witch.”
I was a bit shocked to hear her words. “I’m a witch?” 
“Your power comes from your allegiance with the evil one. He rewards you with an unnatural ability. You are all followers of Simon.”
“You know about Simon Maralis?” I said.
“I do not know that name. I am talking about Simon Magus in the Book of Acts. He could perform great shows of magic but he did not have the Holy Spirit and neither do you.”
I let the silence fill the empty space between us. Margaret’s voice had hardened and she no longer seemed so soft and frail. I did not want to know anything more about how she saw me. I was only concerned to know whether or not I would end up being burnt to a crisp or drowned in a water pot.
“I don’t want to die,” I said.
She turned toward me. “Then you will have to be born again. This life that you are living is a dead life. If you are to be saved, then you will have to be born again and leave this life forever behind you.”
I could tell by her words that this was not truly a choice. I felt that she honestly believed that I would be killed if I didn’t convert. I didn’t expect her to know what was in the mind of the men who lead her group, but it did trouble me to know what she thought might happen. I had survived by luck alone, getting this far, perhaps it was time for me to use my gifts, to discover the truth. 
I released a deep breath as my eyes gazed into the fire. I allowed the rising and falling, the twisting of each strand of red, orange and yellow light, to draw my eyes. I released the tension in my body, letting my breath fall to the ground slowly. I closed my eyes for the briefest of seconds, letting my mind drift deep into the centre of the contradiction. I tried to remember meditating on the floor in the gymnasium. I tried to remember the first time that I had been introduced to the idea, when I had felt the cold water that was hot. I let my thoughts dissolve, as the vibrations in the room, the sounds of the flame, the people and the truck, all surrounded me. 
I felt as if I was moving in the rhythm of the flame, as my mind was interacting with it, falling into balance with it. I opened my eyes and felt my muscles relaxing. I turned to Margaret, bringing my body closer to her.
“Where is Franklin?” You will tell me the truth.
Her eyes glazed over. She opened her mouth mechanically. “Franklin is North. He is waiting for us in Rochester.”
Orson and Patti had been horsing around, laughing. When Margaret spoke, Orson stopped to listen.
“What is Franklin going to do with me?” I asked Margaret
“I don’t know,” she replied quietly, her expression blank.
“Thank you.” I took a step back leaving her personal space, releasing her from my control. She seemed to regain consciousness slowly, blinking into the fire for several seconds as the time passed. Neither Orson or Patti seemed to have any idea what had happened. As far as they knew we were simply having an ordinary conversation.
I heard the sound of a loud bang from the other side of the hanger. I turned around to see the crane rising above the dump truck. It looked like they had finished moving the barrels. Orson and Patti ignored me, and began walking toward the trucks. I followed shortly afterward; Margaret remained standing by the fire, staring into it.
When I reached the truck, a group of men entered the hanger behind it. I could see the first man in the group was Hank. They gathered beside the trucks, waiting as Hank jumped up onto the side to speak with Terry in the crane. He climbed out and they both leapt onto the ground.
“Your men got prismatic cloaks?” Terry said.
“Yes they do.”
“Good, I don’t want anyone getting fried today.”
“Everybody climb onto the truck. Let’s get the hell out of here,” Terry shouted.
I made my way up onto the boom crane, next to another man. Conrad joined me after a few minutes. Orson and Patti were back in the dump truck. Finally, when everyone was on board, the trucks turned around. Margaret was watching from the fire, waving silently. As the vehicles accelerated, I held my body close, to keep out of the cold air. 
I didn’t know what to do. I knew where Franklin was. I knew how they were getting north without being detected. As far as I was concerned I’d completed my mission. I just needed to find a way back across the border without getting killed. I didn’t feel like risking my life to kill a bunch of animals living in a ghost town. I’d seen enough of this place for ten lifetimes. 
In the back of my mind, I knew that this was the social dialectic talking. As we drove North, I knew that it was changing me. The longer that I followed the teachings that the JSS had given me, the more I felt my mind becoming like the others. I had looked at Margaret in a way that I had never looked at another woman. It was not a look of love or affection. It was not even attraction. It was the desire to dominate. As the vehicles moved closer and closer to my home, I realized that I was moving further and further away from myself.
As the truck bounced over a hole in the ground, I gritted my teeth. I knew that if I returned to the NAU, I would probably use my abilities and follow propagation. I had seen the other side, and it was not pretty or romantic. It was not empowering or honourable. It was desolate and it was barbaric. 
I began to feel a deep panic in my chest. I began to feel as if I wouldn’t be able to escape the inertia of my thoughts. These thoughts were pulling me along, turning and twisting everything in me, according to their will. I felt the need to escape: the need to get out of the path that I was following, the path that led back to the JSS and to the person they wanted me to be. I fought the urge to jump off of the moving vehicle, a sudden and irrational impulse.
I leaned in closer to Conrad. I shouted: “I want to see God.”
He turned to look at me, his face looking suspicious in the moonlight. He shouted back: “Good.




Chapter 12




We were approaching Rochester as the clock ticked closer to dawn. Ahead and behind the sky was still dark, but we all knew that we probably had less than an hour before sunrise. I felt anxious and uncertain, but the steely resolve of Conrad and the men around us calmed my nerves. I felt secure in the knowledge that I was with a group who knew the terrain well. But I felt especially vulnerable without a prismatic cloak. Conrad and the others were all safe beneath it, at least until heat stroke or dehydration killed them. But I wouldn’t last more than a few minutes in the sunlight.
	Ahead, the dump truck slowed as we approached the downtown core. Both trucks stopped beside each other. Terry leaned out of one of the cabs, shouting.
	“We’re sending Patti with Maria to the boat in the dump truck. Everyone else is switching to the crane.”
	Everybody climbed out of the dump truck except for Patti and Maria. Orson and Terry climbed into the cab up front. Once everyone was back on board, the dump truck took off, heading around the city to the lake. The boom crane began the winding trip through the debris into the heart of Rochester. It took a quarter of an hour winding through the remains of buildings to reach the city core. The buildings were mostly destroyed, except for a single tower that rose three stories, with the top fraying into concrete pillars holding up nothing but air. On the second floor, light filtered through the remains of windows into the darkness. 
	The truck came to a stop about a few hundred meters from the building. I looked toward the east and saw the beginnings of light just cresting the horizon. Conrad gave me a shove. I awkwardly stepped over to the side of the truck and climbed down, followed by the militiamen and Conrad. 
	As we stepped up to the cab of the truck, the door swung open and Terry and Orson climbed out. Both were holding automatic weapons, and Orson’s looked huge because of his small shape. I waited as everyone joined me in a small and silent group. 
	Conrad spoke: “Hank you know the terrain and the enemy. You lead. We’ll follow you.”
	“Can I have a weapon?” I said.
	Conrad looked at me. “No.”
	Immediately, the group fell into a line, with Hank at the front and Conrad at the back. I kept close to the men, feeling foolish without a weapon. I didn’t understand why I was even going with them if I didn’t have a gun. I was as good as dead.
	Hank led us alongside an old building, and then took us around a large rubble pile toward the base of the building. Up ahead, he stopped and knelt down. We stayed behind him, kneeling quietly. He gestured at Conrad. Conrad joined him at the front. I could see Hank pointing. Conrad took his rifle off of his shoulder and put the scope to his eye. He took it down off of his eye and said something to Hank. Hank nodded at him. 
Conrad put the rifle to his eye again. After a few seconds, the sound of a gunshot shattered the silence. Hank nodded at Conrad. The pair remained kneeling, as if waiting for something. Conrad put the rifle to his eye and fired again.
	And then, Hank stood up, gesturing for us to move forward. At that moment, my stomach knotted with anxiety. 
	Hank shouted: “Now!”
	The group rushed forward with their rifles ready. Ahead, I could see Conrad running to the right, to a rubble pile. He knelt down on the top of it, with the rifle on his shoulder, firing in rapid succession. I watched as the militiamen ran full steam toward the building. I had no choice but to follow them.
	I ran out from behind the building, watching as the militiamen rushed into a doorway at the base of the building. I could see two dead bodies next to the doorway. As quickly as I could, I ran to the closest body and picked up a rusted old rifle. I put it to my eye, as I had been taught in Basic, taking a shot into the sky to see if it would fire. The gun went off. Immediately, I took off into the interior of the building, holding the rifle in my hands like a life raft. 
	The building was dark inside. But I could hear the sounds of men shouting and guns firing. I followed the sounds into a stairwell. Above, I saw a militiaman fall up against the wall, clutching his shoulder. I put the rifle to my shoulder and ran up the stairs, taking refuge against the wall behind him, firing at a shadow above me in the stairwell. 
	I fired two shots before the shadow appeared. I jumped backward, as another shot went into the militiaman, now slumped on the floor. I ran back to the base of the stairs, waiting at the bottom with the rifle aimed at where the stairwell turned. Sure enough, I saw a head moving and opened fire. Black blood splattered against wall behind him. 
	I pulled the rifle down off of my shoulder, my heart racing and my hands shaking. I climbed the stairwell up to the second floor and waited, listening, to see if I could tell where the others had gone. After a few seconds of waiting, I decided to go in. I walked up against the wall, my rifle ready, until I got to a doorway. I jumped out with my rifle aimed ahead of me. Immediately, I felt a powerful impact landing on my hands. The rifle burst from my grasp just as a man crashed into my side. I fell against the concrete and tumbled sideways, forcing myself up onto my feet. Ahead, I could see the shape of the man, but in the poor light, he was but a shadow. He was moving toward me with his hands outstretched. And then, in the instant that he leapt at me, I felt a sudden calm, as if time had slowed, and I felt myself free of deference. I turned as he came at me, bringing my face back, just avoiding the impact of his fist, and bringing my right leg up. I shattered his ribs with my knee while activating the motor pathways in my mind and forming the word: submit. The man’s body slammed against the stone next to him and crumpled on the ground. I felt a sudden exhilaration. My hands were shaking as a militiaman stepped into the room beside me. He leaned over the man and put a bullet in his head. 
	“Better safe than sorry,” he said.
	I picked up my rifle.
	It was an open room that was lit up by a fire at the far end, partially obscured by a large square structure right in the middle of the building. I could see shadowy shapes moving on the far wall, on the other side of the concrete structure, and I guessed the others were hiding behind it. I made my way against the outer wall to the outside, to take the long way around, following it with my back, while holding my rifle at the ready. As I made my way outside, I reached an angle where I could see the edge of the fire, and I could see a shadowy figure next to the flames. 
	I looked behind me and noticed that the doorway through which I had come had filled with shadows that I guessed were other militiamen. I knew that I was in the open, but I had to trust that they were on my side; if I opened fire, I would surely get shot and end up killing one of my own. Thankfully, the men joined me, following my path along the wall. There were five of us with rifles ready. We all had the same idea and so we stood up together and rushed the far side of the room, our rifles ready. 
	The fire’s light greeted us. But the other cannibals were already dead. It looked like two had been shot by Conrad. But it wasn’t the dead that drew our eyes. I found my eyes watering as they fixated on something that I could not believe. Next to me, one of the militiamen dropped his rifle on the ground with a clatter. The next second, he was on his knees praying. I felt the sudden and uncontrollable urge to vomit, but I swallowed the lump forming in my throat.
	There was a young girl, perhaps six years of age, tied to a wood block, her body cut open, limbs missing, blackened from being cauterized, wounds sown up, her eyes wide and moving, filled with fear and pain, and a soundless scream emerged from her mouth, which had no tongue. It looked as if she had been kept like an animal, to be slaughtered, but kept alive, to keep her meat from turning. It looked as if they had removed her legs to eat them.
	I turned away and walked to the nearest window, vomiting into the open air. As I wiped my mouth, my eyes lifted to the rising sun just eking above the horizon, and yellow and reds greeted me, dispassionately, ready to consume the place in their fire.
	Behind me, I could hear all the men praying. And then, after a short pause, a gun shot rang out, and I knew the little girl was dead. I walked back to the stairwell without looking back. I couldn’t allow myself to remember what I had seen. I let it remain in the past, distant from me, and tried to think only of the sound she had made when the bullet had entered her brain, a soft and satisfied sigh.
	Outside, Conrad was waiting. He had already gone through the pockets of the dead men and collected their weapons. When he saw me holding a rifle, he began to stiffen, lifting his gun slightly, before relaxing. As I walked by him, I dropped the rifle on the ground with a clatter. I kept moving, walking toward the truck. I had to as far away from that place as I could as quickly as I could. 
	Behind me, the militiamen and Conrad were talking quietly. I didn’t care. I kept moving. When I reached the truck, I climbed onto the back, sitting down against the steel. I put my hands on my head and tried to forget, but the image wouldn’t leave me. I couldn’t stop the tears from forming in my eyes. My breath caught in my chest, and I felt as if I couldn’t breathe. I leaned forward, against my knees, as the tears ran down my face. 
	As I heard the men returning to the vehicle, I wiped my face with my sleeve and stood up, at the ready. Conrad and the rest of the men boarded the truck quickly, but in the short delay that it had taken them to get back to the truck, the sun had begun to peak over the scorched earth, spreading its deadly light. All around me the men pulled their cloaks over their heads, bringing their bodies closer to the ground so that they would be fully covered. Conrad remained standing, unaffected by the incoming heat. I climbed to the front of the truck as it began to reverse through the rubble. I opened the door and climbed into the cab, next to Terry and Orson, who didn’t object.
	By the time we were back on the highway, the sun was coming through the side window onto my shoulder. After a few minutes, a small wisp of smoke began to rise from the fabric, which I hastily put out with my hand. Mercifully, Terry turned the truck so that the sun was behind us, driving that way for as long as we could. But by the time we had made it to the Lake, the sun was above the horizon and the morning heat was beginning. I guessed that it had gone from ten degrees to thirty-five in a half hour. I began to feel beads of sweat forming on my brow. Terry had long since slammed his foot against the pedal, but truck was heavy and progress slow.
	Conrad opened the side door to the truck suddenly, surprising me, and blinding me with sunlight. He shouted: “We’re getting off here.”
	“What?” I shouted. “Are you crazy? I’ll get burned to a crisp.”
	Conrad reached into the cab and grabbed me by my shirt. Terry slowed the truck quickly. As it came to a stop, he reached under his chair and tossed something at me. I caught it, the fabric feeling strangely smooth against my fingers. It was a prismatic cloak.
	“Take it, kid. You’ll need it.”
	“Thanks,” I said.
	He turned to me. “Now get the hell out of my cab.”
	Conrad pulled me forward, and I jumped down to the ground below, slamming my knees into the asphalt. The sun hit my body like a heat lamp. I pulled the cloak out over my back and fitted it to my head so that it would drape over my whole body. As I did so, the truck accelerated away full speed, leaving a huge dust cloud that blinded me and sent me into a coughing fit. As the dust cleared, I rubbed at my eyes. Finally, I opened them and felt a shove from the side. I looked over to see Conrad standing erect, his head exposed to the light, his chest exposed, but the cloak on his back. The militiamen were standing behind him, their cloaks drawn tightly around their bodies.
	“Get up.” He said, giving me a soft kick.
	I stood up, feeling the cloak moving against me. I tried to move carefully to keep it from moving and exposing my skin.
	“We’re headed back to the city,” Conrad said.
	The militiamen turned and began to walk toward the sun, keeping their heads down. As they walked away, I could see that their rifles were slung under the cloaks, the ends sticking out the sides. As the moved away from me in the sunlight, I couldn’t help observe that they looked as if they were the walking dead covered by funeral shrouds. I stood up, using my hand to pull my hood forward. I felt the sun on my skin, and it burned instantly.
	“How hot do you think it is, Conrad?”
	Conrad looked back at me. “Maybe forty-five degrees. If you want to survive I would hurry up.”
	I started toward Conrad and the rest of the group. As I walked, the gravel beneath my feet crunched loudly. I had to run a few steps to catch up to Conrad. I fell in beside him, keeping myself as well covered as I could. As I walked, I felt the soles of my shoes heating up as they made contact with the earth. 
	“How far are we walking?” I said.
	“About a kilometre.” Conrad said.
	It was difficult to keep up with Conrad unimpeded as he was by the manner which he wore the prismatic cloak. The militiamen were well ahead, their movements refined by practice, designed to ensure they remained covered while moving as quickly as possible. I, on the other hand, moved awkwardly, barely able to keep up.
	Conrad wasn’t waiting for me either. I got the strong sense that if I tumbled or collapsed he wouldn’t even look back. I hurried my steps and fell into a rhythm behind them, my breathing evening out. As I moved, I couldn’t help thinking that living in such a wasteland probably had a way of forcing you to be self-sufficient. Expecting anyone else to help or wait for me was probably a very bad idea. It seemed so odd to me to find the militiamen, Christians, so very different than I expected and as they were depicted in the NAU. Certainly, these men were fanatics, but they had a kind of grim reality to them, hardened as they were by the disaster of the never ending heat.
I turned to Conrad and said: “How long in this heat could I go before dehydration and heat stroke hit me?”
He didn’t turn toward me. “This is nothing, Red Hawk. Forty-five degrees you could last the whole day under that cloak. Your body would restrict the passage of water to your kidneys. You might go for twenty hours without urinating. Eventually the sweat would do you in. But it could take days without water.”
He laughed. “Wait till it gets up in the high sixties and into the seventies, around lunch time. At that temperature you might not last more than a few hours.”
Ahead the militia men were widening the distance between us. Conrad began to move more quickly, and I fought hard to keep pace. Ahead, in the distance, the air seemed to shimmer and twist - a mirage like rainbow of colours in the sky. The surface over which I travelled undulated up and down, over small hills and shallow troughs. It made it difficult to walk without reaching down to the ground to support myself. The one time that my hand made contact with the earth I had to recoil from the heat. 
In the distance ahead of us, I could see the crumbling ruins of a small suburban neighbourhood, exposed foundations and wells long run dry. As we made our way closer, the militiamen took us toward an old damaged road. We walked on the asphalt for a few minutes before the militiamen began to move back to the gravel. Each time, I noticed that my shoes were becoming unbearably hot beneath my feet. I realized as we followed the path of the militiamen that they were purposely moving back and forth, on and off the road. I guessed it was so that the soles of their boots could cool down; the black asphalt absorbed so much heat that it became unbearably hot to the touch.
Conrad remained walking on the side of the road just off of the asphalt. He didn’t seem particularly interested in moving back and forth like the militiamen. I found it so much easier to move on the asphalt that I followed their lead.
“By noon, most of the asphalt will have liquefied. It remains like that, gooey and sticky, until nightfall. If you ever step onto a road like that in the high heat, you won’t be getting your boot back. Walking on this earth without shoes is a death sentence.” Conrad shouted at me.
After that, I moved off of the road and stayed off the road. Conrad and I were about a hundred meters behind the militiamen by the time we made it into the city of Rochester. We had to climb down a small hill, which was difficult because there was no vegetation or anything of that nature to hold onto. The militiamen were waiting at the bottom of the hill for us.
Conrad went ahead and began to speak with the men while I managed the last few feet with difficulty. The militiamen were pointing at something in the distance, which looked like an old factory or distribution plant made out of red brick. As I clambered up beside them, they stopped talking and started walking again. I managed to catch my breath, but the sweat was pouring down my back, making the cloak and my clothes stick to me. I felt uncomfortable, and the heat made it hard for me to breathe.
By this time Conrad and the militiamen were about a hundred meters ahead of me. I started to run, to catch up, but fell on my knees awkwardly, sending sharp pain up my kneecap and into my leg. I exhaled uncomfortably and then coughed, the heat singing the palms of my hands which already had small cuts on them because of the gravel.
As I looked up, I noticed a strange shape on the ground ahead of me. It was green and brown and twisted back and forth across the gravel. My eyes focused slowly, and I realized I was looking at a snake. It slithered quickly toward me. I tried to get up, but I couldn’t move fast enough. As it came within striking distance, I threw myself to the side, rolling in the gravel, which left deep painful punctures in my back. I lost sight of the snake, standing up as quickly as I could and moving backward, searching with my eyes.
The snake hadn’t stopped when I’d moved. It was about ten feet away and travelling back the way we came when I found it. I shook my head, reaching to massage my back with my right arm. 
“Red Hawk!” Conrad shouted.
I looked ahead and saw Conrad standing by himself in the heat, which gave the air about a foot from the ground the odd appearance of flowing water. He was waving with his right hand in the air. I began to run toward him, keeping my feet moving, wiping the sweat from my brow while pulling the hood forward. 
As I approached him, I began to cough, stopping about five meters away. He was angry. 
He shouted: “Move your ass! It’s getting hotter every minute. They’re not waiting for us anymore and we don’t know where their refuge is. So if you don’t want to die of dehydration, I’d suggest you hurry up.”
	I caught up with him, forcing my legs to move even though I was coughing. He gave me a slap on the back of my head. 
	“You made it through Basic? Did they have to have someone carry you?”
	I coughed. He walked behind me and gave me a shove. “I’m not carrying you, but I’ll make sure you keep pace. Now go!”
	I began to move more quickly, attempting to half jog. Ahead, I could see the militiamen although they were so distant they appeared to be standing still, their legs in a shifting fluid that had the appearance of water. Conrad continued to give me a shove every so often when I got tired. I felt the sweat on my body beginning to dry. It was as if I no longer had enough fluid to keep my body cool.
	“I stopped sweating,” I said.
	“That’s not a good thing,” Conrad replied. “Keep moving.”
	I kept moving as quickly as I could. It was another quarter hour of jogging, stopping and restarting before we had joined the militiamen outside a large brick building. The roof was caved in on one side, but on the other side there was still cover. We joined them in the interior of the building, entering through a wall that had a huge gaping hole. The militiamen were sitting on the gravel, drinking from canteens. Conrad walked into the middle of them and took a canteen. He took a long drink for himself and walked over to me. By this time, I was half collapsed on the ground, my breathing coming in airy gasps.
	“Drink it,” he said.
	I took the canteen. “Thanks.”
	He shook his head. “Don’t thank me. If Franklin hadn’t have told me to keep you alive, I would have left you to die in the desert.”
	I took the canteen and drank it, the cool liquid assuaging the aching in my throat. I drank my fill and handed it back to him.
	“Thank you anyway.” I said.
	He took the canteen and walked back to the militiamen who were all standing at the ready. He handed it to one, who hooked it back onto a pack on his back.
	I stood up, readying my cloak, putting it back over my head. Conrad noticed me wrapping the cloak around myself. He turned toward me and said:
	“Don’t bother. We’re going underground.”
	I let the cloak fall loose against my body, relieved. I was happy to get out of the heat; my eyes began to wander as I searched for our next destination. There had to be some kind of manhole or tunnel or something in the building, I thought.
	Led by Hank, the militiamen began to walk over to the far wall. There, near the wall, was a large hole that had a rusted gate on it. The hole was about the size of a sewer. Hank began to climb down a set of ladder steps on the far side of the hole. I walked up to the hole just as the third man was going down. From where I could see it led into complete darkness.
	When all the militiamen had disappeared into the earth, Conrad looked over at me and gestured. He said: “Go.”
	Awkwardly and filled with doubt, I took the first few steps into the hole. As I stepped into the darkness, I realized I couldn’t see any of the militiamen below me. I stopped for a moment but then felt Conrad’s shoe on my head. 
	“Go!” He said.
	I stepped down the rungs slowly one by one. As the light above me faded, I felt increasingly hesitant and uncertain, but I forced myself to go deeper, rather than feel Conrad’s boot on my head. The hole went down about twenty-five feet. At the bottom, the last rung led to open space. I went down to the lowest rung and tried to reach out with my feet. I couldn’t feel anything. Then I felt Conrad’s boot on my head again.
	“Go.” He said.
	I tried to reach lower with my foot but I still found only air.
	“Go!” He said.
	I couldn’t find anywhere to put my feet. I felt a hard shove on my head, forcing me to move down to the lowest rung and hang from it. 
	“It’s only about seven feet. Just let go.” Conrad said irritably.
	I let go of the rung and felt solid ground below me. I gathered up my cloak in the darkness and moved out of the way for Conrad, who landed with a thud next to me.
	“It’s ahead of you, just walk straight.” He said.
	I began to move forward in the darkness, letting my fingers follow the walls, which were curved; it felt as if we were in a large sewer drain. Conrad kept bumping into my back, because I wasn’t moving quickly enough. Finally, he gave me a shove with his hand.
	“Walk or I’m going to kick you in the back.”
	I let my hands fall from the sewer walls to my left and right and walked straight ahead. I had no way of knowing if I was going to walk face first into a brick wall. I felt irritated at Conrad’s insistence that I move without any way of knowing where I was going.
	“What if there’s a hole or something?” I said.
	“There isn’t. Have faith.”
	I didn’t ask again. After a quarter of an hour of walking in pitch darkness, I began to see a weak light ahead. The weak light revealed the shape of the sewer, a large tube, linked to other sewer drains by smaller pipes on either side. As we approached the light, I could see it was one of the militiamen, standing alone with a rifle and a small flashlight. As we stepped into the dim light, he turned toward us.
	“About time,” he said. “We’ve been waiting for you.”
	Conrad spoke over my head. “This Red Hawk must have forgotten how to walk.”
	The militiaman grinned. He turned around and disappeared to my right. I stepped into the place where he had been standing and followed him down a new and smaller tunnel, only about five feet by five feet. I had to half crouch as I walked. Ahead of us, already several meters away and moving faster were the militiaman carrying lights. I began to move more quickly to keep up with them. I felt much more comfortable running in the dim light than walking in the darkness.
	I caught up with the last man again after about five minutes. He stopped and turned to face us. He gestured to his left and disappeared down another small tunnel that was five foot by five foot. We followed him down this tunnel for another quarter of an hour. At the end, we found him waiting for us in front of another sewer that led straight down. He began to climb down the rungs. As I followed him, I looked up at Conrad.
	“How much farther is it?” I said.
	“We’ve got two more sewers running north and another two straight down.”
	I looked down, forcing myself to climb more quickly, to keep up with the light. As I landed on solid metal with a clunk, the militiaman disappeared around a corner. I began to run to keep up with him, Conrad just behind me. 
	Around the next corner, I lost the militiaman. There was darkness ahead. I walked into the darkness and found the tunnel veering left. I looked left and saw his light in the distance. I began to run. Conrad was just behind me, and soon enough I heard the sound of his feet clanging against the metal pipes. We ran for another quarter hour before we caught up with the man with the light. He led us to another sewer that went straight down, which we climbed down quickly, right behind him. It was only about twenty-five feet. I let myself fall to the ground on the next level and took off immediately in pursuit of our guide. 
	I found him again, standing just over another sewer that went straight down. Without saying a word, he climbed down in front of me. I made my way behind him, looking up to see Conrad above me.
	“What’s down here?” I said, my voice echoing in the chamber.
	“Water,” Conrad said.
	This sewer was at least a hundred feet deep. I followed after the militiaman below me, careful to avoid slipping on a few rungs which had dampness on them. I looked up at Conrad and smiled in the dim light. 
	Below, our guide had disappeared. But beneath me, I could hear the sound of running water. I found the last rung and let myself drop to the next level. As I landed, I could see ahead the light of the guide in the distance. I walked forward slowly as he appeared to be still a short distance away. I came up behind him, and he was facing away from me. I looked down and felt a sudden feeling of vertigo. The sewer simply broke off, revealing a large cavern below. 
	The guide’s flashlight swayed gently in his hand. He pointed it down, and I could see what looked like my reflection in a shallow pool of water. The cavern looked artificial, with a few other sewers cutting into it and breaking off. 
	“We’re here,” he said.
	He bent down and flipped around, moving quickly down a set of rungs. I followed behind him carefully, feeling the moisture on the rungs. Above me, Conrad was staring out over the cavern, silently. As I followed the guide to the bottom, about fifteen feet down, I heard the sound of running water.
	I stepped onto the solid ground below, which felt like rock rather than metal. The guide had moved around the outside of the cavern, which was just above the water level. I followed behind him slowly, finding the ground slippery. Conrad was behind me, but not moving with any alacrity. I followed the wall around another open sewer and over to a ledge overlooking a black chasm. The water was flowing down through the chasm. I couldn’t see where it led. The militiaman had gone past the chasm to a narrow hole in the rock. 
	I pressed my body up against the rock, forcing myself into it. It curved back and forth for about ten feet, barely wide enough for me to force my body through. I felt claustrophobic and was greatly relieved when it opened into a wider walkway. I was now in darkness. I felt my way as quickly as I could for another quarter of an hour before I caught up to the guide. He was waiting for me.
	“Just around the corner now,” he said.
	He turned around and led me down a rock hewn staircase, worn by the friction of many footsteps. I followed him under a low hanging rock ceiling and around a corner. 
	Ahead of me, a bright light revealed an opening to the rock pathway. The militiaman stepped to the left out of my sight. I followed him around the corner. As I stepped into the light, I was blinded for about a minute, blinking with difficulty. But I could hear the sound of voices ahead. I could hear the sound of Hank talking to someone. It sounded like the voice of a woman.
	“We’re not staying. After tonight we move south. We’re meeting an Emissary from the Mormons. Bill needs an escort.”
	The woman seemed upset. She said: “You’ve been gone for two weeks and you’re only staying for the day?”
	“Don’t be upset, Sherah, I don’t want to leave you here either. But where we’re going is dangerous. You’re safer here.”
	I blinked slowly as the white light faded and my eyes brought the room into focus. It was a long cavern, quite wide, with makeshift rooms built out of sandbags. There were supplies against the walls on either side. I could see another woman in front of a large basin, rubbing something cloth. She had black hair and dark raven eyes. She wore an apron over a heavy cloth dress. 
The woman who had been speaking was a full bodied woman with brown curly hair, wearing a bonnet on her head and an apron over a heavy cloth dress. She was probably in her late twenties. The militiaman who had been speaking was Hank. He had his rifle slung over his shoulder, his cloak half on and half off. 
In the light of the cavern, which was provided by an overhead halogen lamp hanging from the roof on wire, I could see Hank better. He was probably in his forties. He had heavily tanned skin that was well worn and wrinkled. He had grey hair that was long and combed back around his ears. He was average height and thin. 
Hank noticed me standing there at the entrance to the cave rubbing my eyes with my hands. As he turned toward me I felt a hard shove in my upper back.
“Move it along, Red Hawk.” Conrad said.
I fell forward, recovering before my head hit a sandbag, which was part of the wall from the small room to my right. I managed a weak smile as the woman who had been speaking looked at me askance. Hank had already moved to give Conrad a pat on the shoulder.
“Our little bird here kept us waiting.”
Conrad looked at me. “He’s a bit soft, Hank.”
“Well, this place has a way of changing that,” Hank replied.
I collected myself as I walked up beside Conrad. Hank looked over at the woman and put his hand out.
“I’d like you to meet my third wife, Sherah, Red Hawk.” 
The woman took Hank’s hand and stepped forward as Conrad moved out of the way. She smiled at me and nodded.
“Hello,” I said. “I’m John.”
	“Nice to meet you, John. Are you here to join us?”
	I half smiled. “That’s a good question.” I replied.
	Conrad shook his head. “He’s a prisoner until I say he isn’t.” Conrad turned toward Sherah. He said: “It’s good to see you, Sherah.”
	She looked at Conrad. “You too, Conrad.” She replied, but her voice was cold.
	Conrad nodded at Hank and stepped by Sherah between the walls of two small rooms constructed out of sandbags. He disappeared behind Hank and Sherah.
	“Well, John,” Hank began. “I understand that you will be joining us on our expedition tonight. I suggest that you use the next few hours to get refreshed. We have plenty of food and water. Sherah will find a place for you to sleep.” Sherah nodded. 
	“Thank you,” I said. 
	Hank looked at Sherah. “If you need anything I will be with Bill and Conrad.”
	Hank kissed Sherah and they embraced. “I love you,” Sherah said.
	Hank turned and left, following the path that Conrad had taken. Sherah turned to me and smiled. 
	“So you are from the north?” 
	“I grew up in Yellowknife.”
	“I’ve not heard of that place.”
	“It is in the far north, near the Arctic and the Northwest Passage.”
	“I see,” she said. “I’ll show you where we keep the provisions. We also have blankets and mattresses for you to use.”
	“Thank you,” I said as warmly as I could.
	She looked at me curiously, and then forced her eyes away. She turned and began to walk between the two small rooms. I followed behind her, looking around as I did so. It appeared as if this was more of a temporary home. The sandbag rooms were for storage. They contained cases of packaged goods, non-perishable food items, in cans, dried noodles, flour and other items. The next set of small rooms contained weapons including rifles, grenades, handguns and ammunition. I noted a number of radios and transmitters. 
There were a total of ten small rooms on either side. As we moved away from the entrance, I noticed prismatic cloaks and other items including blankets and clothes in wicker baskets. We kept walking and left the small storage rooms. We passed an opening in the rock, revealing a room carved into the cave wall where Conrad was sitting with Hank and another man that I didn’t recognize. He was tall and thin with the characteristic features of the disease, except that when he spoke his voice was deep and masculine, and his face was covered with stubble. As we walked by the room, I could hear a bit of conversation.
“He’s just another JSS thug, Bill. Are you sure this kid is going to help us?” It was Conrad speaking.
“He’s the one, Conrad. I know it’s him.”
Hank spoke. “He’s not going anywhere anyway, Conrad. What is the harm in bringing him along?”
“If he gets out of here alive, he’ll expose us. He could do immense damage just being here. What if he decides to take a rifle and start shooting?”
“Maybe so, Conrad. But if we treat him like a prisoner then he will think like one. Have faith my friend.”
Sherah was ahead of me, gesturing me to move more quickly. She turned right down a long narrow walkway carved into the stone. I followed behind her while pondering the meaning of the conversation I had overheard. I guessed that the third man I didn’t recognize was Bill. If that had been William Franklin then I was surprised; he was supposed to be Afflicted. The man in that room was resistant to the disease; the medications didn’t return a man’s voice or increase his testosterone production. I also had to wonder why they would be allowing me such easy access to the leader of the terrorists. They knew about the skills that I had. They must have realized that I could get to him in ways they couldn’t circumvent. I was confused and surprised. I now had even more questions that were left unanswered. 
Ahead of me, Sherah had stopped and was gesturing with her hand to the left of the walkway. Standing beside her, I could see that there was a small room that had a mattress and a blanket. I stepped into the small room and sat down on the mattress. She looked at me for a few seconds and then stepped back, resting against the wall.
“Is the north truly as bad as everybody says?” She said.
“It is different.” I said.
“How so?”
I exhaled. “There are massive cities with millions of people in them.”
“Millions of people? You mean like before the heat?”
“Yes,” I replied. “Like before the heat.”
“Hank says that the reason that everything changed was because God was angry at us for rebuilding the Tower of Babel.”
“Is that so?” I said.
“He says that there were 7 billion people in the world. Everyone spoke the same language and no one feared God. He says that people believed that there was no God. And this made God angry.”
I tried not to say anything negative, cautious enough to know that this woman might pass it on to the others. I tried to be diplomatic as I could.
“Well, I suppose that could be true.”
“Tell me, John. Do you have a wife back home?”
“I have a girlfriend named Ariana.”
“A girlfriend? You mean you aren’t married.”
“No, we’re not married.”
I could tell she was holding her tongue. She said: “Down here, if you get caught with someone outside of marriage, you get expelled from the community.”
“That’s awful,” I said. 
I knew it was a mistake as soon as I opened my mouth, but I couldn’t help myself. 
“Tell me, Sherah, if I told you that you could live in the north where food is abundant, where you could go outside during the daytime without burning, where you could go to school and have a job, where life is easy and enjoyable, would you still want to live here?”
She stood upright proudly. “This is my home. I could never leave this place. No matter how good life is up north, it is only a shadow of what is to come. This is the place where God put me, to work hard and be a good wife for my husband. And if I can do that, I will be happy.”
I was surprised by her conviction. Part of me couldn’t help but feel as if this woman was suffering a terrible delusion, to suffer by living in this way, when she could easily escape it. But another part of me questioned myself and the truth of my convictions. I had struggled with the NAU and its policies for so long in the comfort of my home and in my easy life. It is far more difficult to maintain one’s convictions when life is hard and there is no letting up. This woman, these people, could choose to live an easy life, and yet they remained in a place that was desolate and barren. I had no idea of the challenges and struggles they faced. They didn’t have running water or toilets. They probably didn’t have enough soap or water to have a bath. They probably lived short and difficult lives with poor nutrition and no education. I had no doubt that this woman probably had no education and might even be illiterate. And yet, despite all this, she is convinced that she is in the right.
“I wish I had your faith,” I said simply.
She beamed. “That is the nicest thing anyone has said to me in a long time.”
“This place,” I began. “There are more like it?”
“There are dozens that I have been to and many more that I have heard of. This is only a shelter. We have bigger caverns and even small towns, constructed out of the rubble, deep below the surface of the earth. The Mormons are our closest friends and they are good to us. We do not take their technology which is an affront to God, but we are always pleased to have their company and trade for what we need.”
“How many of you are there?” I said.
She shrugged. “I’ve known many. I don’t know numbers well.”
“Do you have any kids?” I said.
“We have six kids,” she said. “They are asleep,” she pointed down the hallway.
“How many of you live here?” I asked.
“About thirty of us, I think.”
I nodded at her. She said: “I understand that you must be tired. I will be nearby if you need anything. I am pleased to have met you, John.”
“Likewise,” I said. She smiled and disappeared behind the rock.
Sitting alone, I began to feel increasingly isolated and uncertain. I felt as if my life were growing increasingly out of control. I was effectively a prisoner to these people. I had no idea whether they were going to lead me to my death. I knew that I could return to the NAU if I could find a boat to get across the water, but I didn’t know the first thing about boats. I could get away using the dialectic, but even if I could leave, I had no idea if I could remember how to get out of these caves. My memory of the trip down here was hazy at best. 
I knew that if the JSS were aware that I was so close to Franklin that they would tell me to find a way to kill him. Deep beneath my neurotic thoughts, my convictions lay buried, but I knew that the two choices left to me were equally unpleasant. I could continue to learn the ways of these people. I could do my best to get deeper into their community either to remain or to expose Franklin. Or I could attempt to escape or return to the NAU somehow. I knew that if I returned I would be expected to follow propagation. I didn’t know whether or not Ariana had moved on. I had no idea what my parents thought had happened to me. My memories of the life I had lead before the JSS felt unreal, as if they were a dream. I no longer felt like John Burke inside; there were no longer the same feelings and attitudes. I couldn’t shake the memory of that young girl. I couldn’t shake the revulsion that I felt. And beneath it, I couldn’t escape the calm of the dialectic. I struggled to retain my hold on the most basic of my convictions.
And then there was this Franklin, who appeared to be resistant even though I knew that he was Afflicted. It sounded as if he was waiting for me, specifically, for some purpose. He believed that he was some kind of Prophet receiving instructions from God. There was no telling what the madman was capable of. I laid back on the mattress which smelled of body odour. I decided not to touch the blanket which might be infested with insects. I let my thoughts tumble in circles, moving steadily away from their starting points, fraying into irrelevancies. I closed my eyes for a minute and then opened them. Irritated by the light, I stood up and fiddled with one end of the lamp until it shut off; the green orange light faded, leaving me in darkness. I laid back down on the bed and closed my eyes.




Chapter 13




I awoke with a start with bright light in my eyes, causing me to cover them with my hands. I felt someone grabbing me by my shoulders, holding me half upright. 
“What?” I said awkwardly.
I felt strong hands pull me to my feet. I struggled to gain my footing. The light in my eyes had begun to fade, and I was able to bring a face into focus. It was Conrad. His face was twisted into a glare. 
“You little worm,” he said. 
He threw me up against the wall, causing me to fall forward on the mattress, winded from the impact. As I struggled to breathe, he pulled me upright again and slammed my back into the wall. He held me there as my eyes brought the room into focus.
“What?” I said.
He gave me a punch in the stomach that I wasn’t ready for. I coughed and sputtered saliva, wiping it with my hand.
“What?”
He shouted: “You know what!”
	He pushed me against the wall and took a step back. He held out his hand. In the palm of his hand was the small Bible that Cassandra had given me. On the top of the Bible was a tiny white wafer that had been torn out of one of the pages.
	“What is that?” I said.
	“It is a transmitter.” A voice behind Conrad said. It was Franklin.
	Conrad grunted. “You thought you could lead them to us.”
	I shook my head, holding my hands out. “No,” I said weakly, my breath caught in my throat.
	“He didn’t know, Conrad,” Franklin said.
	Conrad laughed. “He knew. Of course he knew.”
	“No, I didn’t.” I said, finally able to speak.
	Franklin turned and left the small room. He stopped just outside and said: “Bring him.”
	Conrad grabbed me by my shirt and threw me into the hallway, causing me to hit my head on the stone wall. He pulled me up again as I grasped at my forehead. He tossed me forward after Franklin, who was a couple of feet ahead.
	I gathered myself on my feet as Conrad came up behind me and gave me a shove. I kept my feet moving, to stay ahead of him so he wouldn’t have a reason to shove me. Ahead, I watched as Franklin turned right heading the opposite direction from the entrance to the caves. I followed him with Conrad breathing in my ear. 
	Ahead, he followed the rock pathway as it narrowed and descended. I could see Hank join Franklin from another passage that intersected. He was holding his rifle at the ready and wearing his prism cloak.
	“Spotters south of Riel City have sighted helicopters heading toward Rochester. I don’t think they know about the caverns and I doubt that transmitter works down here, but eventually they’ll find us.”
	“We need to get the women and children to safety.” Franklin said.
	“If they’re landing in the core, they might find the tunnels that lead east to us. If we want to get out of here, we may have to head east back to the old brickworks.”
	Franklin shook his head. “In the dark they have the advantage. We don’t have their technology.”
	“Well what are we going to do? The sun is down in three hours. They’ll be here by nightfall.”
	I stopped a few feet behind Franklin. He was thinking while scratching his chin with his right hand. Finally he said:
	“I don’t know Hank. The only way out is east and we don’t have any vehicles at the brickworks. Derek isn’t supposed to meet us for another three hours. But he’ll be waiting for us at the city core. We need to get a message to him to go to the brickworks.”
	Conrad was standing behind me, listening. “I’ll go,” he said.
	Hank turned to Conrad. “It’s still close to seventy degrees up there.”
	“I’ll be fine. I’ll take a transmitter and see if I can get him to switch the pickup to the brickworks.”
	“The transmitter won’t work until he’s within fifty kilometres. You’d have to get twenty five kilometres from the city in three hours.” Hank replied.
	Franklin turned toward Conrad. I moved against the wall to allow him to pass. He put his hand on Conrad’s shoulder. 
“Conrad, you don’t have to do this. Not even you can run for three hours straight in sixty degree heat.”
“That’s suicide Conrad,” Hank said.
“What other option is there?” Conrad replied.
Franklin spoke: “There are a few motorcycles in the city core left for use by spotters. But I don’t know if they’ll run in this heat. They don’t have any modifications. They’re meant for use during the night not the day.”
“We have to make a choice,” Conrad said. “I can’t do both. Either I go east to the brickworks or south to the city core.”
Franklin rubbed his head slowly, deep in thought. He looked up at Conrad. “Go to the downtown core. Take the motorcycle and bring as much water as you can carry for the radiator. The fluid is going to boil it dry in this heat. If you bring enough water to refill the radiator every few kilometres you might make it in time.”
Hank nodded. “It’s the best plan we’ve got.”
Conrad clasped his hand on Franklin’s shoulder. “Meet me at the brickworks at nightfall. I’ll be there.”
Franklin nodded. “Pray Conrad. Pray.”
“I will, Bill.”
Conrad turned and darted back down the passageway toward the main entrance to the caves. I was standing up against the wall, a few feet from Franklin, unsure of what to say or do. Franklin’s eyes were following Conrad. 
“And you? Kid. You’re going to help us get everyone together,” He said.
“Of course, anything you need.” I replied.
Hank walked over to me and handed me his rifle. “Take this. I want you to go back down the passage where you slept. At the far end of that passage is a room for the kids. We’ll meet you at the main entrance to the caves in five minutes. I want you to make sure they have everything they need, but nothing they don’t.”
“We’re counting on you,” Franklin said.
“Okay,” I replied. 
I turned around and made my way back toward the passageway where I had slept. I could hear Hank and Franklin talking quietly behind me as I walked away. In the seconds after I turned the corner, leaving their sight, I felt a sudden urge to make a break for it, to take my chances in the tunnels and hope that I could find the downtown core. I knew that if I could get there, the JSS would take me home. I could get on with my life and forget this place. Maybe I might even be able to ask for a discharge from the JSS. I could move on and do something else with my life.
I stopped in the passageway where the main entrance to the cave met with the hallway that led to the children’s’ room. I felt paralyzed by indecision. I had no reason to stay with these people. I had no reason to help them. They were murderers. They had committed acts of terrorism. Conrad hadn’t shown the least hesitation before slamming me into the wall and punching me in my stomach. I owed nothing to these people. There was not a single good reason for me to remain and help them. I knew as well as they did that the JSS wouldn’t just murder their women and children. The only people guilty of a crime here were the terrorists, not their wives and children.
But with all these thoughts, with all these reasons, I couldn’t make myself abandon these people to their fate. I couldn’t force my feet to take me out of the caves and into the tunnels. I couldn’t force myself to return to the life that I lived before, knowing all that I knew, having seen all that I had seen. 
I turned to my left and took off down the hallway toward the children. The stone passageway was narrow and my rifle, which was hung over my shoulder, scrapped the stone as it bobbed up and down on my back. The passageway was about two hundred meters. At the end, it turned to the right, opening into a large room that was dark. I fumbled to find a lamp above me that I could turn on, but finally out of frustration I just began to shout.
“Wake up! Wake up everyone!”
I didn’t hear anything at first, and the darkness made it impossible for me to see anything. Finally, I heard something.
“It’s too early.” A child’s voice said.
“Is that dad?” Another voice said.
“No, your dad is busy,” I said. “I’m going to take you to him. We need to get our things together. We’re going on a trip.”
A few seconds passed and then a light flickered on, its green and orange ambiance filling the room, revealing two rows of bunk beds of six on either side, a total of twenty four children. They were all sitting half upright in their beds, wide eyes watching me, curiously.
“Who are you?” A small boy said.
“I’m John. I’m going to bring you to your mother. I want everyone to get everything they need for a trip. We’re going on a trip today, okay?”
“Daddy said that we could stay with mom.”
“That was before,” I said. “Now everyone is coming.”
A little girl jumped up on her bed. “Should I bring my blanket and my pillow?”
“No,” I said. “Just what you need.”
“What about my dolly?”
“Fine, bring the doll. I don’t care. Just get up and get ready,” I said irritably.
“Yay!” Another girl shouted. “We’re going for an adventure.”
“Okay,” I shouted. I clapped my hands together. “It’s a game. Everybody get ready to go as quickly as you can. The winners get a prize. Ready set go!”
Immediately all the children got out of their beds and began to pull their things out of some linen sacks on the ground next to their beds. They were chattering and tossing things all about, but eventually, they seemed to be getting ready. I watched as a few of the children changed their clothes into something heavier that would keep them warm during the cold nights in the desert. After a few minutes, a couple of children had formed at the entrance in front of me, their large eyes set on my face expectantly, hoping to find out what they had won. I tried to ignore their earnestness, my eyes following the few stragglers who were just getting out of bed.
“Hey,” I shouted. “You there. The boy still in bed. Get up! If you come in last you’ll have to do chores.”
The few children moving slowly or standing sleepily next to their beds became animated with the purpose of avoiding punishment. Sure enough, about five minutes later everyone was standing in front of me with questioning eyes.
“What did we win?” A little girl said.
“You’ll find out when we get outside.”
“You mean up there?” She said, pointing at the ceiling.
“Yes,” I said. “Your prizes are up there.”
“Okay,” a little boy said. “Do we get to pick our prize?”
I began to count the children’s heads, keeping track in my mind to ensure that I didn’t lose anyone. There were twenty four children in all.
“No,” I said. “Everybody follow me.”
I lead the children back down the hallway toward the main entrance. It had only taken about ten minutes to get them all ready. I kept my feet moving as quickly as I could, but they could only walk so fast and most of them were too busy talking to keep up. I had to stop repeatedly to wait for them. A few times I had to remind them that we were in a hurry.
Finally, we stepped out into the main cavern where the storage rooms were. I could see Hank, Bill and a group of three women standing with the militiamen. Two of the women I recognized. One was Sherah, and the other was the black haired girl, whose name I didn’t know. The third was a mystery to me. She was small and pretty with a small round nose and warm red cheeks. They all wore the same plain dresses.
The militiamen were the same group that had travelled with us from the south. They were standing, some quiet, other talking, holding their weapons, their backs covered by their prismatic cloaks.
As I approached Franklin, he gestured toward the children behind me, who had noticed their mothers and fathers, and were excitedly exclaiming greetings. Two of the militiamen bent down to greet their children, while the others seemed disinterested. The women embraced their children. I walked over to Franklin who was talking to Hank.
“Everything we leave here they will find,” Hank said.
“It can’t be helped.” Franklin replied. “There isn’t anything here that could lead them to the other militias. The best we can do is take what we need.”
Franklin turned toward me. “There are prismatic cloaks in that small room there. Take one and take as much ammunition as you can carry. There are packs in the next room. Fill it with as much food and water as you can.”
I nodded and went into the small storage rooms. After a few seconds, some of the militiamen joined me. A line-up grew as I stuffed things into a backpack. Once I had all the ammunition I was willing to carry, I stuffed a hand gun in the back of my belt and filled the rest of the pack with food and water. I tossed the pack onto my back and put the cloak on overtop. I squeezed past two men who were trying to gather items themselves. 
The children had been gathered by the women near the exit of the cave. Franklin, Hank and half the militiamen looked ready to move out. I stood just outside the small rooms, waiting for everyone to stock up on supplies. After a few more minutes of waiting, I joined the rest of the group.
	Franklin put his hand up. “Everyone. It is important that you be very quiet. You must follow the person in front of you and don’t wander off. We are on an important mission. We will be going east toward the brickworks where we will be met by men from the southern militias.”
	“Where’s my dad?” One of the children said, sounding terrified.
	“He’s on his way, Mark.” Sherah said, patting the boy on the head.
	Franklin nodded to Hank, and then both of them disappeared into the shadows of the cavern ahead. The militiamen followed Hank and Franklin into the darkness. I was at the rear of the group. Although Franklin hadn’t said a word to me, I guessed this was intentional. I resolved to make sure that nothing would happen to the children. Once I was out of this place, and the children were safe, then I could think about what I would do next: whether I would take my chances in the night and make a run for it or whether I would remain. 
	As I stepped out of the light into the tunnel system, I took a deep breath. I thought for a moment of God, and I knew had made the right choice by helping the children. Even if I had made the wrong choice time and time again before, I was sure that today, I had made the right one.
	The tunnels were not nearly as dark and foreboding as they were the first time that I had travelled through them. The militiamen carried orange lights which bobbed periodically at the front of the group. Behind me, once the light from the cavern had faded, there was only darkness. But my ears told me that nothing was moving.
	I followed behind the group closely but it was slow going. Travelling through small corridors and up ladders was ten times as slow and difficult with children involved. They were noisy and afraid. They frequently complained about the slightest irritation. We had to take a longer route because the children couldn’t climb up the higher ladders. Franklin did his best to keep the group moving, but it was clear that we might not make it to the brickworks by nightfall.
	I tried to encourage everyone to move quicker from the back, but the transitory periods of increased velocity were offset by the corresponding falls and other distractions that slowed the group down. I became so irritated with the children and their mothers that I had trouble keeping the volume in my voice low enough to avoid sending loud echoes down the chambers.
	I heard no noise and we encountered no one in the hours that it took to get up to the surface. As we stepped out of the sewer that broke the surface of the desert, the pink and orange light of the setting sun greeted our eyes. These last few moments were the slowest, as each person was hesitant to take the last few steps when blinded by the sun. But, we managed to get everyone above ground, everyone accounted for, just as the darkness began to envelop the horizon. 
	As I climbed the last step into the clean and fresh smelling desert air, the sound of helicopters overhead shattered the quiet. The children erupted in fear from the noise, chattering and talking to their mothers. Franklin and Hank gestured for everyone to move to the back wall that was still intact. I could see the helicopters flying overhead as they passed the brickworks heading toward downtown Rochester.
	The militiamen had dropped to the earth; their cloaks made it impossible to see them, despite some being exposed to the sky from above. I ducked back down the sewer as the last helicopters passed.
	“Everybody against the wall,” Hank said.
	I climbed out of the sewer and stepped backward until I was resting on stone. Beside me, Sherah was crying, as one of the young boys clutched her hand with terrified eyes. We remained that way, standing quietly for a few more minutes, until the darkness filled the brickworks and the first stars began to shine their light from the sky above.
	We waited in silence for almost an hour, no one speaking, as the darkness consumed everything. The longer this went on the more upset the children became, requiring more frequent warnings about silence and more comforting. After another half hour, I could tell that Hank was getting upset.
	“Conrad didn’t make it,” he whispered to Franklin.
	“Yes, he did,” Franklin replied. “Everything is going to be fine.”
	Franklin’s tone suggested he was not pleased with Hank’s reaction, which only served to further terrify the children. I was content with resting up against the wall silently after the poor night’s sleep I’d had. I felt much more secure than the rest of the group with the knowledge that if we were captured, I would probably end up getting released. I had much less to risk than them. At the same time, I felt as if my fate were now bound to them as a result of my concern for the children.
	I heard a sound, like that made by boots crunching gravel. I put my rifle up to my shoulder, a move which was mirrored by the rest of the men carrying weapons. There was no sound again for another minute, but as I began to relax, I heard another crunching sound. Immediately, all the men were at the ready, their guns at attention, aiming into the darkness. 
	“Bill?” A voice said.
	“Conrad?” Franklin replied.
	“Yeah.”
	There was a collective sigh of relief as the men released their rifles, bringing them back down to their sides. I couldn’t see Conrad, but there was a dark shadow just beyond the external wall furthest from where we were standing.
	“The trucks are parked about five kilometres to the east so that the helicopters wouldn’t spot us,” Conrad said.
	“These kids can’t walk five kilometres,” Sherah said.
	“They have to,” Conrad replied. “If we bring those trucks over here, they’ll be spotted immediately.”
	“Forget it Conrad,” Hank said. “Bring the trucks, these kids are exhausted. It took us three hours to get to the surface.”
	Conrad grunted. “We have one newer electric truck. The rest are old diesels. The electric is quiet enough to bring in here. I’ll be back in twenty minutes.”
	The next twenty minutes were agony. The children were getting more difficult to handle. Some of them kept asking about their fathers, crying inconsolably. I tried to tune out the noise, letting my eyes close and my thoughts fall into a state of meditation. With my back against the wall, I slowed my breathing and relaxed my muscles and joints, falling into the pattern of my training, which centered me in the dialectic. As I relaxed, the sounds of the night around me became more intense and focused. I could hear the sounds of distant nocturnal wildlife, newly emerged from underground shelters where the day was spent to avoid the heat. I could hear the sound of the breeze blowing dust devils and scraps of old dried vegetation across the plain. I was sure that I could hear the truck approaching from the west, even though its engine was running silently.
	Finally, as I expected, Conrad arrived in the truck; the sound of gravel beneath its tires signifying his arrival. He drove the truck up to the brickworks about ten feet away and parked it. As Conrad got out of the truck, the door hinges sheared noisily, waking up the few children who had fallen asleep. 
	Hank immediately gathered together the children with his hands on their heads, whispering to them to wake up and instructing them to hold hands with each other. When everyone had gathered around Hank, he began to walk toward the truck. Conrad was waiting for him and immediately began to lift up the little ones and place them into the back on the flatbed. With all the children counted and accounted for, Hank got into the back of the truck and Conrad closed the rear door. 
He whispered: “We’ll be back in ten minutes.”
The truck accelerated away from the brickworks slowly, as Conrad tentatively pressed the gas to avoid kicking up dust and gravel. As the truck turned around and disappeared from sight, I let my head fall back against the brick as I exhaled. I continued to control my breathing, my thoughts drifting back into my training.
As expected, Conrad returned with the truck about ten minutes later. Me, the women and the militiamen climbed into the truck, the women sitting in the front, the rest of us on the back. As Conrad accelerated away from the brickworks, I looked behind us at the downtown core. I could see a helicopter hovering above the area, bright search lights scattering across the rubble. I could see a few armoured vehicles moving through the debris lined streets. I knew that if they spotted us, they would have converged on our location in a matter of minutes. We wouldn’t stand a chance against a single helicopter, not with the small arms that we had. The only chance we had was to get away unseen and unheard. But I was comforted by the fact that the children were safe at least for now.
The truck moved relatively silent through the dark dry air. I was sitting in the corner at the front, staring out the back into the sky above. The sky was blue and cloudless, with bright stars hanging low over us. I felt the chill through my clothes, causing me to wrap the cloak tighter around me. The militiamen were quiet, kneeling and sitting motionless, like statues. As the truck crested a small hill and descended, I took a deep breath. The helicopter was out of sight, hidden by the curvature of the sand and dust.
The militiamen celebrated quietly, hands grasped and shoulders clasped, their words quiet and few. I had seen enough of the men to know them to be stolid and silent figures. I supposed that it was the hard life out in the wilderness, the desert and the heat. It was strange being surrounded by healthy men who were not members of the JSS. I had begun to forget that they were different like me. Out here, everything had a different feeling to it. Out here, they didn’t feel out of place or strange. Perhaps it was just the way that the NAU seemed to separate men into groups, whether Afflicted or resistant. But out here there wasn’t a hierarchy that measured men against each other. Out here, they were measured against the earth.
I let myself rest against the side of the truck, content to sit and listen to the sound of the wind and the crunch of gravel under the tires. I was still acutely aware of the danger, but for some reason I felt deeply relaxed. It felt almost the same way that I would feel upon comprehension of the social dialectic. I felt strangely appreciative, not to anyone in particular, but in a general sort of way; it wasn’t the breeze or the sky, our escape or the knowledge that the children were safe, it was a strange feeling that I was not used to. But I was content to allow it to sink deep into my mind, as I closed my eyes and listened to the night.
As we crested a small hill, I could see ahead the distant shape of a truck. I noticed the militiamen becoming more aware, their postures shifting as they readied themselves to hop out of the truck. I checked the handgun under my belt and secured my rifle on my shoulder. I picked up the pack that I had jammed against the truck and put it on my back. As we drove up to the waiting caravan, I noted the shape of three other trucks, resting quietly beside each other. As the truck came to a stop, Conrad opened the door, sticking his leg out. I could see a shape exit one of the trucks and begin to walk toward us.
“Conrad,” Franklin whispered.
“Here, Bill.” Conrad hopped out of the parked truck.
I stood up, cautiously, as I strained to hear what was being said.
“Everyone’s ready to go,” Franklin said. “I’m glad you made it safe.”
“How long until day break?” Conrad asked.
“About six and a half hours.”
“That’s not enough time,” Conrad replied.
“It’s enough time to get to Toledo. We can wait out the day there.”
“We don’t have any groups there.”
“There’s an old bomb shelter there. I think it used to be a museum. I’ve been through there before and it’s still there. It’s deep enough underground to keep us cool.”
“Alright,” Conrad replied.
“Conrad? Can you call the kid for me? I want him to ride with me.”
Conrad grunted. “Okay, Bill.”
I stood up and pushed my way through the militiamen, managing to almost trip and fall right off the end of the truck. A firm hand grabbed me by my pack and pulled me upright. I turned and thanked the person who had given me a hand. 
The sound of my boots crunching the gravel beneath them seemed much louder in the still quiet air. I walked toward Franklin, who had walked back to one of the trucks and appeared to be talking to someone quietly on the back. I made my way past Conrad who didn’t say anything as he climbed back into the driver’s seat and slammed the car door.
Franklin was waiting for me next to a truck. He gestured for me to get in on the driver’s side. I tossed my pack in the back of the truck and got in, sliding into the middle, next to Hank who nodded absently at me. Franklin climbed in and closed the door gently. He turned the key in the engine and it turned over, the diesel humming pleasantly, filling the car with air from the air conditioner. 
He didn’t speak for a while. He seemed to be concentrating on driving, leading the caravan of trucks around a small hill and along the gravel. After a few minutes, I felt the wheels climb off the dirt and onto asphalt, the rising and falling of the truck evening out and the ride becoming much more pleasant. Once we were on the road, he accelerated, bringing the trucks up to a good click, about sixty kilometres an hour. He didn’t run the lights yet, content with the dim light of the stars. He seemed to know exactly where he was going. 
After a quarter of an hour on the road, he flicked the headlights on and we took off, driving a hundred kilometres an hour. Behind us the other trucks were well spaced, making it easier for him to make corrections whenever the road disintegrated or some debris was on it. It took a fair amount of concentration to adjust for the damage to the road. In a few places, he had to take the truck off the road onto the gravel to avoid a sink hole.
Finally, as I had started to drift into a light sleep, he spoke to me. “Tell me son, what do you know about socialism?”
“Socialism?” I said hesitantly. “I don’t know much more than I learned in school.”
He rested his arm on the wheel, looking at me. “Well?”
“It’s an economic or political system, where everybody shares everything.”
“Right, but you and I know that in most places some people have a lot and other people have a little.”
“Yeah.”
“That means that the people who have will have to give what they have to those who haven’t.”
“I guess so.”
“And what is capitalism?” He said, staring straight ahead.
“It’s an economic system where people act selfishly and it benefits all.”
“And what is evolution?”
“It’s the biological theory that all creatures possess genes which determine whether they live to produce offspring or die. It is the belief that organisms are constantly evolving, improving and adapting to their environment.”
“You see, John, these are three most significant ideologies governing the world today. They have contradictions and they have similarities. But they all are all symbiotic with each other. The ability of these theories to impact our world is dependent upon the intersections of these ideas. Anyone who sees these theories as distinct and free of convolution is missing the big picture.”
I didn’t say anything. I was waiting for him to continue speaking. To my right, Hank let out a loud snore, his head falling forward on his chest.
“The JSS has two heads. The one head is the cult of Simon: the cult of the social dialectic. The other head is the JSS Sciences Division, with its Prophet Yuheile. These two heads are symbiotic. Their influence is amplified by the other. And yet, ideologically, these two heads are totally opposed.”
“The JSS Sciences Division incorporates evolutionary thought through genetic engineering experiments. It has a weapons division full of the best and brightest engineers and scientists. These people are all hard-core materialists. But they are not socialists. Evolutionary thought is too intertwined into the tradition of capitalism. The fusion between capitalism and evolutionary thought is what drove the United States into the abyss.”
“You mean it caused the never ending heat?” I said.
“No, John. I’m not talking about global warming, although that too was a consequence of this fusion. I am talking about the breakdown of cooperation: the elimination of the common good.”
“Can you explain what you mean?”
“I’m talking about specialization. I am talking about the primitive struggle, as the socialists call it.”
His words triggered something in my mind. I felt as if I finally knew what he was talking about. I turned to look at the man, who was staring out the front windshield, watching the horizon ahead. 
“Before Darwin, mankind viewed itself as the master of nature. The early development of science and engineering centred this view, which largely arose within the biblical traditions of the Judeo-Christian tradition, which painted a clear picture of how a society should be ordered.”
“The biblical tradition was a clear and intentional contrast with nature. Within the Bible, Jesus purposefully takes on a role which is antithetical to the animal world. He was a shepherd who was willing to die for his sheep. The contrast made within the New Testament is with the wolf. The wolf typifies the social structure of the animal world. It is a structure in which there is a struggle for dominance among social animals. The victor attains the right to mate with all females within that grouping, while restricting all other males from mating.”
“This social structure is constructed around the primitive struggle, as the JSS call it. It is the struggle for dominance within any area of endeavour.”
“The primitive struggle is at its root the struggle for one’s own sexual potency. In a society governed by evolutionary principles, the only directive is the pursuit of enhancing one’s sexuality. Such a society is one in which there are no restrictions. The residue of our moral traditions may still have the appearance of validity, but beneath the surface, this directive rules all behaviour, crossing every taboo and every historical precedent. In the end, what is beneath the surface spills out. In fact, this directive is so all fulfilling that it destroys a person’s self-interest. Their unconscious decisions become totally occupied with their sexuality, causing them to act in ways that in the end lead them to greater unhappiness and greater unhappiness for the people closest to them. And in the end, the result is the breakdown of cooperation. If every area of endeavour is a competition for one’s potency, then there is no longer any common ground.”
“I understand,” I said.
“But evolutionary thought does not just suggest that the primitive struggle for survival is one kind of social system, it suggests that this struggle is responsible for the variation and the selection process; it is responsible for the existence of the human race and all emergent institutions and ideas. In an evolutionary system, to suggest that people need to cooperate when it is against their self-interest is not just wrong, it is heretical.”
“There is only one problem with this idea. Human civilization, and specifically, Christian civilization, existed for two thousand years, and during that time, Christians had a powerful influence over the social structure and the organization of society. The idealization of Jesus Christ was essential to the emergence of the institutions that built Judeo-Christian civilization.”
“Look at the Catholic Church as the perfect example. The decision of grown and fertile men, to give up their ability to procreate, to become celibate, in pursuit of this ideal, is something that the primitive struggle is incompatible with. It is incompatible, because it is a selfless decision. Christianity says that the common good arises out of people acting selflessly. Capitalism says that the common good arises out of people acting selfishly.”
“So, John, we have a contradiction between the Christian message and the message of capitalism. We have a contradiction between the Christian message and evolutionary thought.”
“I understand what you are saying,” I began. “But what does that have to do with JSS?”
He continued as if I hadn’t spoken. “The socialism of the JSS disputes the fundamental thesis of biological evolution and capitalism. Their social directive suggests that people’s characteristics are not the product of their inheritable genes but of their social position. This idea undermines the suggestion that evolution shapes human civilization and thereby undermines the suggestion that the primitive struggle is at the core of all sociality. The social directive also suggests that the ability of some to act selfishly arises out of the oppression of those lower on the social ladder. This fact if true would make it contradictory to suggest that that same selfishness benefits all, because that benefit would be inequitably distributed.”
I struggled to follow what he was saying. It seemed like he was just trying to prove his point that the three ideologies are linked as well as contradictory.
“The point I am making, John, is that these ideas are hydras. They twist and turn in their logic, intertwining with each other as well as contradicting each other. And yet, in the two hundred years since all three appeared in western thought, they have remained, sinking deeper into the minds of even the layman, filtering down and reorganizing the way people see themselves and others.”
“But how did that cause the problems in the United States?”
“The disintegration of western institutions created by the Judeo-Christian tradition through the years following the enlightenment, beginning with the rise of capitalism, socialism and evolutionary thought, led to the reorganizing of our society along the lines of these three ideologies. The Judeo-Christian tradition defined itself in contrast to the primitive struggle. The institutions of the church were institutions that arose out of selflessness. Each of the three ideologies played a part in the destruction of these institutions. Capitalism redefined the common good. Socialism replaced selflessness with social consciousness. And evolution eliminated the altruistic act by conceptualizing it as a form of filial self-interest.”
“In the aftermath of this process, the primitive struggle of evolution resulted in the restructuring of our economy according to biological organization. People were seen as animals seeking a niche from which to derive their livelihood. By forcing people to choose smaller and more narrow professions, which became their territorial privilege, evolution undermined the self-sufficiency of each person. The result was overspecialization and too much rigidity in the economy.”
“At the same time that the primitive struggle was redesigning our economy, socialism was redesigning our culture. The traditional roles of our society were viewed as sources of oppression for the traditionally disadvantaged groups. These roles had to destroyed in order to eliminate the social conditions that prevented some people from participating in the economy. The problem is that these roles were the basis for the institutions. They were also the basic building blocks of society, which people used as the template for their own self development.”
“The irony is that both socialism and evolutionary thought succeeded. We had an economy which was so structurally rigid, each person restricted to such a small area, that when disaster struck, the whole system broke down. We had a culture in which there was no organization, no institutions, and no framework for the development of the characteristics essential to a strong civilization: leadership, respect for authority, and selflessness.”
“And then, we had capitalism acting through its fusion with evolution to try to undermine the effects of socialism, its contrast and ideological enemy. So the space left by socialism was filled with capitalism, the wide scale commercialization of identity. People were only able to assert their self-determination through consumer purchases. Social communication was no longer about a common history, morality or tradition - it was about a common consumer identity.”
“When the disaster struck, the weak character of the majority began to show. The descent into rioting, violence, hate and barbarity, coincided well with the dark animalistic view of evolution, the brutal and dogmatic streak in capitalism, and the vacuous abyss of socialism.”
I was listening carefully. Franklin’s words were winding their way through my mind, linking to and unfurling the lessons of the JSS. In some ways, Simon and Franklin thought very much alike. I wondered about this; I wondered if perhaps Franklin and Simon knew each other. It was strange to see two men that were clearly enemies think so much alike.
“The JSS is fundamentally dishonest. The power within the organization is in the social dialectic. But the authority of the organization is preserved by the Sciences Division. So long as the people believe the evolutionary view of biology, sociality, and history, they will never question the existence, role and usefulness of the JSS. So long as people believe in a genetic basis for behaviour, so long as they believe that the power of the JSS is impossible, the JSS can rule everything, dictate everything and control everything.”
I absorbed his words slowly. It seemed like he was waiting for me to ask him something. So, I asked the first question that came into my mind.
“What is the social dialectic then?”
Franklin looked over at me and then out the window ahead. He lifted his right hand off the wheel and ran his finger along the inside of the windshield drawing a shape in the dust. He made two arrows into a clockwise circle, with one ending on the right and the other on the left. In the middle of the circle, he wrote the word “change”. On the right side of the circle where the bottom arrow met the top arrow, he wrote “power”. On the left side of the circle where the top arrow met the bottom arrow, he wrote “sex”. Above the top arrow, he wrote: “dominance”. Below the bottom arrow, he wrote: “submission”. Above the circle, above dominance, he wrote: “man”. Below submission, he wrote: “woman”.
“This is the social dialectic,” he said.
I was confused for a second, but he spoke again. “Those who have power can demonstrate and maintain their power through sex. But those who control the availability of sex have power. The struggle for dominance is decided by power, granting the victor the right to sex. Men gain sex through dominance. Women gain power through submission.”
“No doubt you had classmates at the JSS academy, men who will use their social position of dominance to exploit propagation. And no doubt you met women at the academy, who use sex as power. They are two sides of the same coin. Two sides of the social dialectic.” 
“As the circle flows around and around, the result is change: evolution if you are a biological determinist, or truth through dialectical process, if you are a socialist. The JSS maintain their power through change, but they also funnel that change into consumer identity stimulating the economy. By forcing people to express themselves exclusively through consumer purchases, they align the goals of socialism, capitalism and evolution. The JSS is change. That change is economic growth. This is the triad at the centre of it all. This is the system that gave us our golden age.”
“It is a feedback system. The whole civilization is built upon manipulating people. As long as people want sex or want power, the JSS will control everything.”
He stopped talking. His face was expressionless, staring ahead into the distance as the truck roamed quickly over the shadowy plains. Beside me, Hank had awoken, shifting position and forcing me into Franklin’s side as he rested his head against the side of the cabin. After a few minutes, Hank was back asleep; his chest rising and falling with the motion of the vehicle.
I looked over at Franklin who seemed to be deep in thought. I felt strange talking to the man; it was as if I was not even there. He was so intent upon his ideas and his reasoning that I wondered if he even cared whether I was listening. I drew up the courage to ask him something that had been bothering me for a while.
“What is it that you accomplish by murdering people?”
He didn’t look at me, but his brow furrowed, as if the question troubled him. 
“You are a brave kid. Not many in this place would ask me a question as bold as that.”
“I think it’s a fair question.”
“You don’t understand, kid. This has been going on for two hundred years. We lost the culture war. We lost the war with science. This ragtag bunch of nobodies living in the desert is all that is left of our civilization. I know that God reigns over this Earth. I know that when I die I will be with Him in heaven. But I can’t stand by and watch millions of men die for a civilization that is doomed.”
“What is the point in fighting then?”
“Conrad, John. Conrad is the point. There is a future for humanity. It is a future that God has chosen. I don’t believe that Conrad is a mistake of nature. I don’t believe that he is the lucky recipient of random chance. He was made with a purpose, John. He can survive out here. The danger zone moves as much as five kilometres a day. Any second, solar activity could ignite the northern hemisphere and kill everything.”
“What about Simon?” I said.
He turned toward me. “Simon didn’t create the JSS. The JSS created him. He isn’t the problem, John, he’s just trying to pick up the pieces. But it’s too late, John. The male genome has been destroyed. Half of the human species has been given a death sentence. Even if the matriarchs manage to resurrect our numbers through polygamy or promiscuity, the heart of our race has been gutted. There is no will left in the heart of man.”
I shook my head. Franklin couldn’t be right. This couldn’t be the end of everything. He was supposed to be a man with answers; he was supposed to be a leader. Where was he leading them? At least Simon had a plan. At least Simon believed that something could be done. 
“I thought you were a Prophet,” I said quietly.
“I am the Prophet Jeremiah.”
“I don’t know who that is.”
“Jeremiah was sent to warn the Israelites of the coming destruction. But they wouldn’t listen and it was already too late.”
“But it can’t be hopeless. You used to have the disease, didn’t you?”
He went quiet. After a minute, he spoke again. “I was healed by God.”
“Then why can’t God heal others?”
Franklin recited: “And Jehovah said unto Moses, Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a standard: and it shall come to pass, that every one that is bitten, when he seeth it, shall live.” 
He paused for a moment and then spoke again. “And Moses made a serpent of brass, and set it upon the standard: and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he looked unto the serpent of brass, he lived.”
I listened, but I was unfamiliar with his words, and I didn’t understand. I struggled with his ideas; a part of me wished that I had never met him; another part, wished that I could somehow do something to fix things. I felt a deep conflict between the JSS and the militias, between Simon and Franklin. I didn’t know whose side I was on. I had no idea who to believe. But I couldn’t help believing that perhaps there was another way. Perhaps Franklin was just too fatalistic to see it. 
We had been driving for a couple of hours, and I was beginning to feel tired. Franklin had stopped speaking and was staring ahead at the horizon; his face was expressionless. I let my head fall back against the car seat, deciding to take advantage of the moment for a few hours of sleep. I was relaxed by the humming of the engine and the rocking of the truck as it moved on and off the road as Franklin directed us around boulders and sink holes. Before long, it drew me into a deep sleep.
I awoke falling forward; my eyes opened just in time to prevent me from hitting my face on the dashboard. Franklin had put his arm in front of me, holding me up as I regained consciousness. The truck stopped. It was still dark out, but Hank was awake beside me. I heard the truck door open and felt him step out of the vehicle.
“It’s a dead dog,” Hank’s voice said.
“How’d it get down here?” Franklin said.
“I don’t know. We can just go around it. It’s probably ripe with disease.”
Hank got back into the truck and slammed the door shut. Immediately, Franklin began to drive the truck to the left around the carcass. The engine hummed quietly. Once we were past the carcass, Franklin began to accelerate again.
“How’s your hand?” Franklin said. 
I looked down at my palm, flexing it opened and closed. “It’s fine.” I said.
“I hope you understand why we had to remove it.”
“Conrad told me something about it monitoring my vital signs…”
“It does more than that. It was invented by the JSS Sciences Division. It monitors your body’s rhythms, hormones and brain activity. It synchronizes your brain with the internet and the computer in JSS headquarters.”
“What is the purpose of it?”
He turned to me. “It is designed to prevent unauthorized masculinity.”
“Unauthorized masculinity?” I said incredulously.
“Yes.”
“What is that?”
“The machine was invented as a compromise between the Sciences Division and the security branch. Simon authorized its construction and implementation. The machine is designed to trigger unconscious decisions in the minds of JSS soldiers to prevent the unauthorized accumulation of testosterone in citizens.”
“How does it do that?”
“Closed social groupings produce interconnected body rhythms. This means that biologically, these groupings are in balance and as a result every person has a stable biological rhythm, which can be monitored, which determines their personality; their ability to withstand social stress and push back against that stress to achieve their goals. This rhythm includes socially significant hormones such as testosterone. The authority of the JSS security branch is created by their social characteristics. Likewise, the position and personality of the matriarchs is provided by their hormonal balance. These two groups are interconnected. The whole system only works because individuals are unable to stimulate their own hormonal balance or biological rhythms.”
“And yet, there are people out there who are capable of creating this internal homeostasis. These people disrupt the balance within closed social groups and thereby disrupt the ordinary order of sociality. They disrupt the system and cooperation breaks down. These are the social dialectic. Many of those with the social dialectic join the JSS. But the problem is that there are some who possess the social dialectic, and don’t even know it, and it remains dormant deep in their unconscious mind. These people can at any moment suddenly grasp it and unpredictably alter the sequence of events.”
“The computer was designed to monitor biorhythms so that instructions could be directed automatically to JSS security operatives to re-establish the biological equilibrium. The computer sends instructions through the biochip to the JSS’s unconscious mind, affecting their unconscious decision so that they create a chain of deference that forces the person to submit. This submission produces deference and eliminates their connection to the dialectic.”
“Are you saying that this computer forces people to be Afflicted?”
“The computer was constructed after the disease. It wasn’t designed to produce the hypomasculinity of the Afflicted. It was designed to preserve the biological equilibrium and the power of those within the JSS.”
“How do you know all this?” I said.
“Because I helped design it,” he said simply.
I looked at my palm, running my fingers along the bandage that Maria had wrapped around it. It was still sensitive to the touch, but it only itched rather than stung. 
I thought about the NAU and the place that I had known growing up. This man’s words seemed too surreal, too strange to be true, when I thought back to the actual memories of my life before. I could not understand how the whole world could be misled about everything. I was not ordinarily one to believe in conspiracy theories. I would not have ordinarily believed Franklin. But there was something about Franklin that seemed genuine. I wasn’t sure if he was right, but I believed that he believed it.
“The system’s weakness is that it depends upon human beings to maintain order and people are slow. The JSS activated by the system will immediately seek out the closest person and create deference, whether by physicality or by words, causing that person to move on to another and so on and so forth until the unknown is identified and resynchronized through deference. It is only as fast as people communicate. I am sure you are aware that Deference can be created through any form of communication just as dominance can by telephone, internet, and especially body language.” 
“People without a chip who move from one closed social group to another, quickly, before anyone within the next group is aware of their location or identity, can disrupt it for a few minutes at a time. Long enough to cause some damage. But they must be totally unanticipated. Anyone who is a member of a closed social grouping will be anticipated because of the integration of their body rhythms into the social system.”
“How does it cause damage?”
“The biorhythms are the biological manifestation of the intersection of unconscious minds. The vast majority of actions that people perform effectively in a social group arise out of the unconscious mind without participation of the conscious. Disruptions in these rhythms produced by breaking the synchronization of behaviour causes unconscious cooperation to break down. The result is anarchy and inefficiency. Sometimes, when these unconscious decisions are most important, this can result in death or larger disruptions like plane crashes.”
I shook my head. “So you’re saying that every time something bad happens it’s because of unauthorized masculinity?”
“Not every time. I’m talking about unconscious cooperation here. I am talking about the movements that people perform a hundred times a day without a second thought even though they are highly risky actions.”
“So why would you want to disrupt this machine?” I said.
“Because, it is the source of the JSS’s power and it is the epitome of their regime. They call themselves Democratic Socialists. They call this a democracy. It is not a democracy. It is a tyranny designed to keep them in power whether or not they control the government. The political process is meaningless. People believe they have freedom but they are slaves. The JSS justify it in the greater good.”
“It’s too crazy to be true,” I said quietly.
“That is only the least intrusive of their methods. I’m sure you are already aware that the JSS believe they are social engineers. They believe that they can decide what people become for the greater good, for the greatest happiness. Through deference they force their own will upon others and then unconsciously reinforce them into believing it is what they wanted all along.”
I could see his hands beginning to grip the steering wheel tightly as he spoke. His expression was dark and his forehead furrowed. I could see that the conversation was deeply troubling him. I didn’t really want to listen anymore. The whole thing was making me feel sick. I thought back to that folder that Cassandra had given me. I thought about the way she said it in such a matter of fact way, that I shouldn’t be surprised that she has that information. What Franklin was telling me dwarfed that revelation by a fantastic margin.
I didn’t know what to say to him. I wasn’t sure if I believed it. But like every revelation that I had been forced to accept since leaving Basic, I knew that this one was probably true too. The scary part wasn’t that both Simon and Franklin were saying different and contradictory things, it was that the more I learned the more everything seemed to fit together. I was troubled by Franklin’s statement that he believed I would help them. It was similar to what I had gathered from the JSS. It was as if both groups knew something about me that I didn’t. It made me feel worse the more I thought about it. Before long my head had begun to pound. And then, a thought hit me like a mallet.
“You’re going to destroy the computer, aren’t you?” I said.
He didn’t answer at first. And then, he said: “Things are more complicated than that, Son. The JSS won’t just disappear because their computer does. The unconscious organization of the JSS makes the computer look like a parlour trick.”
“Then what?” I said. “How can you people hope to beat the whole NAU?”
He looked at me with a small smirk on his face. With his right hand, he reached out and pressed down on a knob, turning on the radio. As Hank snored loudly, he gradually increased the volume. He fiddled with the frequency until he was satisfied. He left it on, smiling.
“In other news, the upcoming federal election now has a dark horse. The sudden candidacy of Thomas Yuheile as an independent has sent shockwaves through the ruling Democratic Socialists. As an outsider candidate, whose sudden announcement late last week surprised everyone, he has made great strides in the polls.” 
“Prime Minister Gilchrist and the Democratic Socialists have found it difficult since the announcement of his candidacy to distinguish their policy direction from the past four years. Yuheile has presented himself as a tough talking conservative in a field of liberal candidates. But don’t be misled, Yuheile is not an old fashioned conservative. His mix of hard line talk about the disease and the Afflicted reflects an uncompromising attitude and vision for the future. Yuheile makes it clear that his political beliefs have always been available to the public, and he has never apologized for his strong statements against the Mormons and the militias in the South, which he regards as primitive savages and terrorists hell bent on taking the rest of us with them.”
“Only time will tell what the electorate thinks of his policies and ideas. The election is scheduled six months from today. Expect to receive your electronic ballot in the last few weeks.”
“... In other news, the Yankees have dropped out of the wildcard race after an abysmal defeat by the Red Sox…”
Franklin turned the radio off. I was surprised to hear the news. The idea of Thomas Yuheile in power made my stomach turn. It sounded as if the whole country had gone mad in the short time that I had been gone. 
“I can’t believe they’d elect him,” I said. “He’s a…”
“A lunatic,” Franklin finished my sentence.
“Yes,” I replied. “He thinks we should all let our children be genetically engineered.”
“He was my student.” Franklin said softly.
“Your student?”
“Yes, while I was a professor at Northwestern University. He was my student there. He’s brilliant, but he’s totally mad.”
“You knew this would happen, didn’t you?” I said.
“I thought it might. The JSS only have six months to correct this. I don’t believe this happened by chance. One terrorist attack isn’t enough to do this kind of damage to their control. The JSS Sciences Division is behind this. The decade long truce between the two divisions must be finally over. The JSS might finally lose their hold on power.”
I rubbed my head thoughtfully as I tried to piece it together. Franklin creates a terrorist organization to bomb the NAU. This causes a shift in popular opinion toward a political figure who is a hard liner and has no problem suggesting that the Afflicted, the militias and the Mormons are the problem. This shift in popular opinion causes the JSS Sciences Division to take advantage of the situation and get behind the candidate who most closely mirrors their worldview. I could see the connections behind Franklin’s thoughts, but I couldn’t see how any of this benefited him or the Afflicted he claimed to represent. All I knew was that it sounded like he was going to kill more innocent people.
“Why would you want someone in power who is ready to use the military against us? The NAU could annihilate the militias and the Mormons.”
“You said us,” he replied quickly. 
I stopped myself before speaking. He was right and I knew it. I was beginning to identify with these people. I began to feel a deep sense of anxiety, feeling acutely aware that I was among strangers in the middle of nowhere. I don’t know why I said it but I had said it just the same. 
“I did say it. I don’t know what you mean by that.”
“Nevermind,” he replied. 
I could see in the distance the first few strands of sunlight rising above the horizon, piercing the otherwise calm darkness of the night sky. The moon had begun to retract down from its zenith at the height of the sky, and the stars were beginning to find themselves on a bed of dark blue, rather than black. 
I looked down at my watch, which read five o’clock in the morning. I looked over at Franklin but he did not seem alarmed.
“We’re about forty five minutes from the bunker in Toledo. The sun won’t get hot until about quarter after six. We should be fine. But just to be safe, I’m going to push this thing a bit harder.”
Hank’s head rolled as we drove around a small sink hole, causing him to stir. His head shot up, his posture looking rigid, as if he had suddenly been attacked. He was holding his rifle’s muzzle tightly in his hand, upright, with the butt of it on the floor. Franklin looked over at Hank and said:
“Forget about it Hank, it was just a sink hole.”
Hank didn’t say anything, but nodded, his eyes remaining shut. I knew that I was running out of time. I had to choose sides before the choice was made for me. But there was one thing I had to know that he hadn’t explained. 
“Why are you letting me run free when you know that I was sent here by the JSS? What is it you know about me?”
Franklin gestured toward the windshield. “There she is.” 
The sun was just starting to rise above the horizon, the barest sliver above the earth. Franklin stared into the morning sunlight, smiling. Finally, as I sat on the edge of my chair, waiting for his response, he spoke.
“Faith, my boy. That is the reason that you are here. That is the reason that Conrad is here. That is the reason that I am here.”
“And how do you know that I have faith?”
“Because,” he smiled. “I knew your father.”
“You knew my father?” I said cautiously. “How do know my father?”
Franklin turned to look at me, holding the wheel with one hand. “He works for the JSS Sciences Division, just as I did.”
The words sent shockwaves through my mind, overturning my memories and thoughts, giving rise to questions that had gone unanswered about my childhood. I looked down, my eyes half closed, as my head began to pound from a sudden tension headache. I couldn’t believe it, but I knew it was true. It fit with everything that had happened after the Red Summers. It explained how my father knew about the heat before everyone else did. It explained the absence in the home and the silence about his job. It explained how he got a hold of a prismatic cloak before they were even put on sale. It confirmed everything the JSS had told me. It made perfect sense. My father was resistant just as I am; of course he would have been involved in the JSS.
I struggled to think of something to say to Franklin without my voice cracking from the resentment growing in the back of my mind. My father had always believed in the old ways. He had never supported the JSS. Why would he have joined them? Why would he have helped them to take control of everything? I thought back to the images that the JSS had shown me of my father. I shook my head as I tried to dislodge the vivid pictures, forcing myself to resist the anger that was building inside me.
“It doesn’t make sense,” I said quietly. “Why would my father want anything to do with the JSS?”
“Your father and I were involved at the beginning, before the JSS existed, back when it was the Department of Advanced Research and Weaponry. We were recruited by the United States government. Back then, the JSS we know now didn’t exist. There was only a small project led by a man named Simon Maralis. At the time, all that we knew was that he was some kind of psychologist or something. We had no idea what his project was and as far as we were concerned we thought it was a joke. I remember someone spreading around a rumour that it was about mind reading.”
“Your father worked in the Advanced Research department with nanotechnology. He was among the engineers working on developing advanced materials. His work eventually led to the prismatic cloak and the blue nanomembrane. My research was centred upon the production of synthetic organisms. I worked with your father for a time to develop a DNA sequencer that could sequence DNA at a fast enough rate to start a revolution in the area.”
“And then, we received instructions from the government to drop all research projects to work on a new problem. We were given a scenario and told to determine what options we would have if solar activity increased exponentially over a short period of time. They wanted us to develop a countermeasure or some synthetic material that could prevent the conduction of heat by buildings and machinery.”
“Of course it didn’t take long for all of us to figure it out. They warned us about the solar storms a year before it happened. By that time, our research had failed and we were given the opportunity to leave the program. Your father had been working in Toronto for years, having moved there before you were born. But we all knew what was coming and when.”
“After the never ending heat, your father was offered a position with the Sciences Division. By that time the JSS was run by Simon and the Sciences Division was a subsidiary offshoot. We knew Simon, so he immediately sought us out. I turned him down. By that time I was sick with the disease and I didn’t want anything to do with him.”
“Do you still know Simon?” I asked hesitantly.
“I don’t talk to him, if that is what you mean. I don’t know what he knows, honestly. When I knew him he was a smart but annoying man with far too much insight into people’s behaviour. He was a man who could make your skin crawl just by looking at you. It was as if he saw right into your soul.”
“What about my father?”
“The last time I spoke with him was after I’d been institutionalized with the disease. He came to visit me. I don’t recall what we talked about. My mind was not right back then. But we were good friends, if that is what you mean.”
“So you knew that my father was Christian.” I said.
“Of course I knew. But back then I was the atheist. It is strange, but after the disease hit, that is when he stopped believing. Strangely enough, it is when I started believing.”
I thought about my father, and instantly I felt as if he was in my mind. I knew that he would not approve of Franklin’s decisions. I knew that he would not have approved of senseless murder no matter what the reason. But at the same time, everything that I had learned since Basic called into question whether I even knew my father. I had no idea anymore if the man I remembered was the same man as Franklin knew.
“I know what you are thinking,” Franklin said. “He wouldn’t approve of this.”
I nodded reluctantly. He looked over at me. “There are bigger things going on here than he understands. It is bigger than Simon and the JSS. It is bigger than you and me. And it is bigger than the disease. I don’t excuse murder but the times demand something be done. I have seen the future and it is bleak and dark and hopeless. The Afflicted are dead anyway unless we do something. Many more millions will die from the disease than we could possible kill through terror. Every second that ticks by is a second closer to the genocide of millions of people condemned by a destructive ideology.”
“What do you want from me then? Why me? Why not my father?”
“We don’t want anything from you, John. I didn’t bring you here. You were sent. There is a purpose here for you, with us. I don’t know what it is. To figure that out you are going to have to sort things out with God.”
“But I’m not even sure I believe in God,” I said bluntly. 
He shook his head. “You believe or you wouldn’t still be here. You had dozens of chances to leave us and go meet the JSS in Rochester. You didn’t. Why not?”
“I wanted to make sure the children were safe,” I said weakly.
“That’s exactly right, you did. And as a result, we were able to escape without anyone getting hurt. Don’t forget that John. You did the right thing and you made a choice. Don’t come back and tell me that you don’t believe in God. We both know that isn’t true. The real problem isn’t that you don’t believe in God, it’s that you also believe in the social dialectic. Isn’t that the truth?”
Ahead the red sun had risen just above the horizon, its bottom edge hovering above the dirt and gravel. The heat was beginning to filter into the cabin of the vehicle and Franklin turned the air conditioning up. I guessed it was probably getting close to forty degrees.
“We’re only about ten minutes away,” he said.
“Wake up Hank for me, would you?” He added.
I gave Hank a shove, and he rolled into the window, which caused him to shoot upright. He turned to look at me, his face twisted into a snarl. After a few seconds, he seemed to relax, letting his rifle rest up against his leg. He seemed to be waking himself up slowly, but was not yet able to speak.
“No coffee for you, Hank.” Franklin joked.
“And I got my hopes up for nothing,” Hank replied with his eyes closed. Franklin laughed.
“The girls must be getting hot out there. Maybe you two should let them sit up here.”
Franklin slowed the truck down and stopped. Hank pushed open the door, and I hopped out. The air was dry and hot, making me feel lightheaded for a brief moment. Hank was calling to Sherah and the other girls. 
“Are the kids alright?” Hank yelled.
“Yeah, they’re fine. Let’s hurry up though.” Sherah said as she walked up beside Hank.
Sherah gave Hank a kiss and climbed up into the cab followed by the raven haired girl and the small girl with the pretty face. I followed Hank back to the rear of the truck and climbed up on the flatbed with one of the militiamen giving me a hand. I thanked him and sat down as Hank slammed the rear door shut. A few seconds later we were off. The heat was still intense, especially in the sunlight, but the fast moving air cooled me down. I pulled the cloak over my head to keep the sun off. 
Ahead, I could see the first signs of the city. Franklin seemed to know exactly where he was going. After passing an old gas station with missing pumps surrounded by scattered debris, he took us down a two lane road and drove about five minutes. On either side, rubble lined the street. There were some uprooted houses - open pits with plaster scattered and pillars missing - all around us. Eventually, Franklin pulled up to a small steel structure, like a shed, with the roof drooping in the middle. He parked us right beside it and opened his window, calling everybody to get out.
By this time, the heat was becoming unbearable. The children were the first to follow Franklin inside the structure. They had been covered with prismatic cloaks, which were still draped awkwardly on their bodies, some falling off as the children stepped inside. 
I grabbed my pack from the back and followed immediately afterward with the two women, whose names I didn’t know, and Sherah. Behind us, the militiamen seemed to be hanging around, perhaps making sure the location was secure. As I stepped into the darkness, I could see ahead flashlights casting round circles across the walls.
I followed the concrete steps down into the shadow. After reaching a small landing, I turned left. I paused at the top of the staircase as my eyes adjusted to the light. I could see ahead in the now fading light that the staircase descended in a small spiral. The lights disappeared around the corner. After travelling down perhaps two stories, I found a steel door and a candle on the floor next to it. I knocked on the door, which echoed loudly. 
The door opened and Sherah’s smiling face beamed at me from inside. I stepped into the room which was lit up brightly. The door was closed behind me. Inside, the room appeared to be a storage room. It had shelves on each of the walls, with garbage and random objects scattered around the room. 
I followed Sherah to the door on the other side of the room. The doorway led into a smaller room to the right. Franklin was sitting on the floor with the children, with a book open on his lap, reading to them. He looked up at me standing in the doorway.
“Eat something, John. We have quite a bit of time to kill.” After he said that, he went back to reading to the children.
Sherah gestured toward the other doorway. I stepped through it. It led into a long room with old metal bunk beds in a row on either side, like a barracks. Many of them still had dust covered coil mattresses, some with springs exposed. I left Sherah in the doorway and found a cot that looked like it was in decent shape. I dropped my pack on the ground and laid down on the cot, which was uncomfortable, but better than a concrete slab. I let the tension fade out of my body as I relaxed.
My eyes closed and remained closed for a few minutes until I heard someone entering the room. I opened my eyes and the raven haired girl was sitting on a cot on the opposite wall, running her hand down her long hair. She didn’t seem to notice that I was awake. I watched her silently, my eyes barely open, thinking about Ariana and the last time we had been together. 
The raven haired girl was pretty and had large eyes, but her clothing made it difficult to see her shape. I knew that she was probably married to one of the militiamen; she was probably someone’s tenth wife or something. I let my head fall back against the bed, exhaling deeply. She was so quiet that I could not even tell she was in the room. I felt odd lying there with her sitting on the other side of room without speaking.
“Franklin is quite the teacher, isn’t he?” I said.
She looked over at me. “He is a smart man.” 
“How did you meet him?” I said.
She stood up and walked over, sitting down on the cot beside me. “He has always been here.”
“Always?” I said curiously.
“I remember him coming first when I was a child. He was sick then, one of the Afflicted. But he told us that God had told him to come to us and visit us. He told us that God had sent him to teach us.”
“When you were a child? How old are you?”
“I’m nineteen.”
I shook my head. “You’re a year older than me.”
She looked down at me, her bright brown eyes looking almost violet. She had her hair brought back around her ears. She was a beautiful girl, with fine features and a small mouth.
“Hank and Franklin have known each other for many years. They have been on many travels together. Franklin has been to visit the Mormons many times.”
“Is that so?” I said.
“What is your name?” 
“It’s Leah.”
I lifted myself up on my elbows. “Are you married Leah?”
She looked at me oddly. She said: “My husband left six months ago with some men to go north. I was told that he won’t be coming back.”
“Was he Afflicted?” I said cautiously.
“Yes,” she said. “But he was a good man. He got sick so fast. He was older than me but I still loved him.”
I thought about what she was saying and it made me wonder. Six months ago terrorists raided Riel City killing hundreds. If her husband was one of them, it was small wonder Franklin hadn’t told her the real reason that he wasn’t coming home. I wasn’t going to push it though. This woman would probably be happier to not know.
“So you have to raise your kids alone?” I said. “How many children do you have?”
“I have four of my own and I take care of two more. They were my sisters’ before.”
“That’s a lot of kids,” I replied.
“They are a blessing. But they are a lot of work.”
“Do you ever get time for yourself?”
“Sometimes, at night.”
“And what do you do?”
“I pray.”
I let my body fall back down on the bed, my eyes rising to the bunk above me, which was empty but for the metal railings. Leah was still looking at me in that odd way, like a bird, looking down at something on the ground. She seemed a bit strange, this Leah, as if she was always trying to figure something out.
“You have a cruel smile but soft eyes,” she said. “You have a good soul.”
I looked at her out of the corner of my eye. “You can tell all that just from my face?”
“There is not much that you cannot see from looking into someone’s eyes.”
I felt a bit self-conscious, so I sat up facing her. She was still looking at me, unabashed, that same expression on her face.
“Tell me, John, do you know the Bible well?”
“Not well,” I said slowly. “A little bit.”
“Do you have a favourite part?”
I struggled to think of an answer. “I suppose I like the resurrection the best.”
“You mean of Lazarus or Jesus?”
I didn’t know who Lazarus was, so I answered immediately: “Jesus.”
She was looking at me with those same eyes. I didn’t say anything. Finally, she said: “I think you need to read the Bible more, John. If you are going to please God, you need to read the Bible.”
“Leah, would you help me for a minute?” Sherah was standing in the doorway. 
Leah stood up and nodded to me, using her hands to unfurl her dress. She left me sitting on the edge of the bed. From where I was sitting I could see Sherah talking to Leah angrily, with her finger in Leah’s face. I guessed that Sherah was angry at her about something. Part of me wondered if it was because she was talking to me. 
Feeling tired, as I hadn’t slept the whole night, I laid back down on the cot and closed my eyes. It didn’t take long for me to fall asleep, but when I did my dreams were vivid and dark. 
I awoke sweating. The dream had evoked a strange feeling of terror in me. I recall standing overlooking Yellowknife from a small hill. The city was totally destroyed: a mixture of rubble and debris. In the distance, I could see Great Slave Lake and it was on fire. There was a large plume of grey smoke rising from the waters. The sky above was red, with an oddly shifting orange sun that gave the whole scene an ethereal feel. I tossed and turned until I awoke. As my eyes opened, I noticed that Leah was sleeping beside me on the next cot, facing me with her eyes closed, her quiet breaths making her chest slowly rise and fall. I sat up and rested my face in my hands. The image of water burning was etched indelibly on my retina. And I knew in that moment, with absolute conviction, that I had seen the future.

The End of Book One
