
THE LITTLE KID FROM DETROIT 
& THE LAWLESS LAND

By
WEATHERSBY
“THE SAVAGE”

Copyright © 2018 Weathersby The Savage
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

CONTENTS
I. The Life And Times
II. Aftermath
III. Kingswood Blues
IV. The Tech Savy Prostitute
V. One 8 Seven
VI. Gimme The Loot
VII. Speed Racer
VIII. The Haircut
IX. Forsaken
X. And When Morning Comes
XI. Major Plays
XII. The Repition Of Trial
Thoughts


“I know it seems hard sometimes but remember one thing. Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So, no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep ya head up…. and handle it.”
-TUPAC SHAKUR

I. THE LIFE AND TIMES
The streets of Detroit. Dying. Corrupt. So notoriously filled with violence. It was the type of place where even the firmest believer questioned God. There was not a fairy tale nor happy ending to be told in this land. Cops were crooked, politicians didn't care, and Detroit was left defending itself while it rotted from the inside out. In a house, right off of seven mile, 16-year-old Samuel Mason IV had just been suited and booted for hell. He wore a white button up shirt, a black tie, and beige cargo pants with beat up Nikes. He took a deep breath as he looked in his bathroom mirror. A dark brown young man stared back at him. With his brush he gave a few strokes to his waves before he threw his hood over his head and turned out the lights. Down in his kitchen he tried to grab some breakfast.
“Where is it?” a voice stopped him from reaching for his cornflakes. It was Eric, his degenerate of a step father, who stood menacingly in the doorway.
“Where's what?” Samuel prepared himself for anything.
“My money, you idiot.” Now it made sense. Eric didn't look too good. He had the shakes and that signature junkie itch.
“How should I know?!” he shrugged his shoulders.
“You got ten seconds to come up with my hundred or you're going to regret it.”
Samuel took a cautious step back.
“I don't have your money! You were just gonna buy drugs anyway.”
“What did you say to me?!” Eric stepped toward him. The guy seemed to tower over young Samuel. He balled his fist, finding the nerve to stand his ground. It was too early in the morning for this type of stuff. Eric smiled, his cigarette stained teeth a sour sight.
“You tough now, huh?”
Samuel didn't say a word. He just met his oppressor’s gaze.
“Okay,” Eric shook his head. “You don’t have it? Fair enough.” Right when Samuel thought he could breathe, he was back handed with the force of God. Only the sink could catch the kid.
“Take yo dumb ass to school,” the model stepfather demanded. Samuel started breathing heavily trying to hold it all in. In an act of impetuousness, he lashed out shoving Eric to the ground. Quickly the degenerate scrambled up. Samuel snatched his book bag and made it out of the house by the skin of his teeth. It was only in front of the gas station, a street and an alley way over, did he stop running. There he took a knee to catch his breath. It was so dim out. He usually didn't leave the house until a half hour later. For Samuel, there was nothing to do but put his ear buds in and move forward in the mid-September wind. A ten-minute walk past a strip of churches, barbershops, and abandoned buildings got him to his bus stop. Samuel stood there all alone letting Joey Badass bang in his ear. After a while the bus finally pulled up. With a swipe of his card he headed straight to the back and sat in his seat. His heart rate still hadn't come down quite yet. He was so tense. Samuel bowed his head in his hands.
“Fuck my life,” he whispered to himself in a what-have-I-done kind of tone. Between his fingers, Samuel's eye spotted something red. It looked like a piece of glass until he focused on it. It was this jagged shard like object. Samuel looked around weirdly to make sure no one was looking at him. No one was even paying attention to the boy. Quickly, he picked up the shard, cutting his finger in the process. He winced at the superficial cut. Known to no one, not even its new owner, the shard started to flash dimly.
With a second bus ride, he was on the grounds of Motor City High no later than 7:45. It was funny, in a school like this, it seemed the focus was everything but education. You were judged the moment you walked in and your status either swam or sank. This was based upon a multitude of things: your looks, the clothes you wore, the clique you were in, who you went with, and your willingness to give in to stupidity.
Walking in, he removed his hood and got in line behind some girl. As usual the male support staff hung out in the corner where they sold snacks in the mornings. Burton, the heavy-set security guard stepped up to the table. Samuel went through and got his things checked.
“You clear lil man, just need to see yo I.D.,” he said. Samuel became confused.
“I don't have an I.D. We didn't even take pictures yet?”
“You were supposed bring your old one. Didn't you get the letter?”
“Obviously not. I been fine up to this point. Why a problem now?”
The guard took a quick look back at the principal, who was walking around harassing students about tucked-in shirts and whatever else.
“Let me guess. The principle is crackin the whip and you wanna be a good boy so you can keep ya job and have money for Twinkies and cupcakes.”
Burton chuckled. “You got jokes?”
Samuel smirked. “Well, I got a better one. You S.O.L. Can't let you past this point without an I.D. Sign that detention log, too.”
“I’m sure this isn’t the first time somebody made fun of your weight. I’m just the only one you have any type of authority over.”
“Well aren’t you a smarty? Now sign that detention.” A frustrated Samuel muttered curses as he went over to sign his name.
“How are you in trouble already?” a voice so familiar asked. It was as if time slowed to a crawl as his head turned to see his best friend, the beautiful Genesis Martinez. She was a perfectly thickened-out young woman with a girl-next-door feel to her, 5'5” and gorgeous as all hell. Her golden-brown skin glowed. Her natural long, brown hair had been cut long ago into a more compact style, kinky and curly in the front, and shaved and brushed down to waves in the back. Her right ear had three helix piercings and one lobe with a stud on the left side of her nose. She wore a white polo shirt, fitting beige pants and black suede ankle heels. He managed to snap himself out of the big hazel whirlpools that were her eyes.
“I don't have my stupid I.D.”
“Since when do they ask for I.D.?”
“Exactly.”
“Well Burton loves me.”
“And how exactly does that help me, stupid?”
Genesis took him by the hand and led him to Burton.
“Excuse me Burton. Can you please let my friend through? Sorry if he was being an asshole. He’s and asshole for the record.” He thought about it for a hot minute.
“You lucky to have a friend like Gennie over here. You need to be more like her.” Genesis smiled batting her eyelashes. “Need to teach this young punk some manners.” She moved Samuel along before his mouth got him back into trouble.
“See how it's done?”
“I hate you,” Samuel said.
“You love me.”
The first hour of hell was anatomy with Mr. Mills. He was giving one of his infamous hour long lectures in his thick middle eastern accent. It was nothing but another day Samuel spent with his head in his notebook scribbling the distracted thoughts of a mad man. Ending the hour that seemed to never end, the bell rang. In the hallway between the bunches of moving people he saw his friend Gordon, the ladies’ man, Smith. Gordon was showed love each and every way. Any dude that passed him had to stop and give him a five and every girl just had to give him a hug. Being tall, dark, and handsome only helped his case. Plus, he was the only person Samuel knew that could pull off that classic nineties juice haircut. Gordon walked through his girls to give Samuel a five and bring him close.
“Waddup?”
“What’s good, Black?”
“You just love talkin about my color.”
“I can't help the fact you look like my shoes.”
“Bite me.”
“I see you got yo little crowd witchu,”
“Yeah, you know how it is,” Gordon said trying to play humble.
“Only in my dreams.”
“Yeah. The wet kind.”
“Shut up.” One of the girls strutted her way to Gordon.
“We'll see you OG. You starting to attract lames if you know what I mean.” The girl walked away, taking her friends with her. Samuel watched them go. He'd be stupid to think that comment wasn't about him. Gordon smacked his lips.
“Man, they just thots. Dime a dozen. Don't even worry ‘bouem,” Gordon told him.
“Ain’t nobody worried about them. They crust anyway.”
“That’s the attitude. Now, c'mon, cuz I got homework, and I definitely need that brain of yours.”
“You just want me to do it, don't you?”
“You really are a genius.”
A few periods later lunch was just starting. Samuel sat at the end of an empty table and slid his tray of what the Detroit public school system deemed good food to the side. It was about time to kill his curiosity he had with that thing he found this morning. Taking it out of his bag, he made sure no one was watching. His eyesight pierced through the transparent object. Carefully, Samuel ran his fingers along the razor-sharp edges. It was quite the little piece, like some sort of disfigured ruby. Where could it have come from? All too soon, Samuel's focus faltered as he felt something dripping down his back. Out of his hoodie he scooped a handful of diced peaches. All he could hear was the laughter coming from the table behind him. Samuel looked back to see MCH's star Quarterback, Taylin Ford, aka Genesis’s boyfriend. Taylin was dark skin with the physique of a mature runner. He had a dark brown nappy fro with a taper. Dimples and braces put his face together. His clothes were designer everything and he reigned supreme as main man of the school.
“Was that right?” the empty-headed pretty girl asked Taylin after happily being his puppet.
“Perfect,” he said still laughing.
“Thanks,” said Samuel with all the sarcasm in the world, while giving a thumbs up.
Genesis walked up and happily greeted Taylin with a kiss. After a moment with her boyfriend she motioned in Samuel’s direction, but there he was making an exit with a drenched back. He wasn't the most well liked guy around school. With a life like his, he was lucky nobody thought to pull out a camera. Always the joke, he angrily mumbled on his way to the office. He had to make up some lame excuse as to why his shirt looked like he had been working in a hot factory, just so somebody would give him a shirt from lost and found. Today was getting to him more than most. Samuel was happy to find an uninhabited computer lab. He blew off sixth hour to put some energy into something he actually cared about. Page by page, he scrolled througGoogle looking for types of diamonds, gems, and whatever this red little thing could be. Of course, he found nothing that even resembled what he had. For all Samuel knew it was a piece of rock candy. The search became wasted time. His eyes darted to the corner of the computer screen to check the clock. There was no way he could explain being 45 minutes late for class. He tapped his fingers on the desk trying to figure out what was next. Burning some time, Samuel started to play with the shard. Over next to a window, there was an empty table with a trash hole in it. He flicked it from every angle trying to get it in, almost like a game of pool. The shard would always miss. One last time, Samuel angled it just right. He flicked the piece hard enough to get it moving. It slid a soft breeze away from falling in. Right at that moment a weak beam of light hit the jagged shard. A beautiful light of all sorts of colors was refracted. Samuel stood gazing at its brilliance.
“That's too cool,” he said to himself. The bell rang snatching him from his moment. Ms. Clark, the principal, came over the PA.
“Young people, as usual we strive for excellence here at Motor City High. I hope we've all had a productive day so far. In recent events our tardy rates seem to have doubled since last year, and the number of fights has gone up quite significantly. Since this is the way the student body decides to carry itself, there must be consequences. From now until further notice, there will be a hall sweep after every class, in addition to the lunch room no longer selling snacks. Remember you brought this upon yourselves. Have a nice day.” Even from inside the computer lab he could hear everyone either smacking their lips or groaning. It was funny because the second punishment didn't even matter. There were so many people carrying around huge duffel bags of candy, chips, pop, and a bunch of other stuff for sale that it wasn't even funny.
“ONE MINTUE TIL HALL SWEEP,” he heard fFat Bboy Burton yell at the end of the hall. With haste, Samuel started to pack his things. This guy was going to have it out for him because of this morning. His next class was on the 5th floor and he was only on the 2nd. Burton peeked his head in the computer lab during his rounds.
“Everybody out?!” he yelled inside. Samuel ducked down below the desk. Slowly but surely, he creeped his way to the other door. He came to the part of the room where the carpet ended. Out of his pocket the shard fell and clinked, hitting the ground. Burton turned around just as he was about to walk out. He started to search the room. For a guy who could be usually found in the teacher's lounge, he was sure taking his job seriously. Burton got closer and closer. Throwing care to the wind, Samuel took off.
“HEY!” Burton yelled, only catching the sight of his back. Like a huge bat out of hell he took off after the kid. Samuel ran, startling the good people of the halls. Burton ripped through them, even almost knocking down a few. All this for little old Samuel; he was touched. Burton started to speak on his walkie talkie. Samuel hit a sharp corner. Even out of breath, Burton was too petty to stop. This was about as bad as a stupid episode of cops. As big as he was, he was right on Samuel's heels. He couldn't believe he was so close to getting caught by a man that never ran a day in his life. Coming up was a wet floor sign. Samuel hopped over it while Burton slipped. Looking back, he laughed, pleased with his getaway. It was too bad he had to crash into the vice principal, making him fall and lose all his papers. No doubt, the rest of his day was spent in the office and another day of high school hell was complete. Back on his block, he dragged himself up the street. Sadly, as one daily challenge ended, another one had to begin all over again.
Samuel sat on his porch trying to decide what to do. Eric was most definitely inside and hadn't forgotten about this morning's bravery push. A dangerous thought popped into his head. He hopped over his porch railing and descended into his neighbor's backyard. Now, Samuel loved dogs, but what they owned wasn’t a dog. It was a blood thirsty beast. As quietly as possible, he tiptoed his way in. He was looking for their ladder. The guy had to own one since he worked in construction. Samuel wanted to scream when he saw the ladder by the deadly sleeping pooch. Inaudibly he screamed. Slowly, he reached his hand towards it, careful not to wake the dog. Inch by inch, Samuel pulled the ladder away.
“Yes!” he celebrated. The dog's eyes opened. Damn it, he thought.
His legs almost ripped away from his body, he ran so fast. He threw the ladder over the fence, and in the least graceful way possible, he managed jump over, nearly breaking his neck on the landing. The dog and he were not even a foot apart. Only a fence divided them. Through hard breaths he laughed, sticking his tongue out at the pooch. The defeated animal went back to its resting place as Samuel dusted himself off. In his backyard, he leaned the ladder up against his house and climbed through the back-room window. Samuel discovered his room to be trashed. He was never the tidiest person anyway. It didn't matter. He couldn't be here any longer. He knew a day like this would come. Samuel kneeled at his dresser drawer, carefully taking out all the clothes. He took out the false bottom, revealing the cash he broke his back for over three hard summers. He stuffed it all in his book bag.
“You’re dead!”
Samuel's stomach dropped. He snapped into motion, yanking the laundry bag full of clothes from his closet. Back in the back-room he wedged a block of wood between the knob and the floor. Eric, the big bad wolf, tried his hardest to knock it down. Samuel tossed his bag out the window, and to his distress, the ladder fell with it. The block wasn't going to make it much longer. He looked back at the door and then out the window. He was two floors up. Samuel strapped his book bag to the front and jumped, hoping for the best. The round white plastic table broke his fall. Samuel laid there lifeless for minute. Eric rammed through the door with one final kick. When he got to the window all he could see was a shattered table.
A pitiful Samuel limped across Wyoming. Genesis lived on the first block in the corner house. He had been more than welcomed ever since they first met. On the way over, he did his usual prep. Samuel had to perk himself up to leave his dark reality at the door. TindalPark was right next to her house. It was there, behind the abandoned recreational center that he stashed his laundry bag. Walking up from a distance, he could see Genesis's little brother and sisters playing in the yard. Michelle, twelve years old, sat on the porch reading a magazine. Katlin, age six laid on the sidewalk playing with chalk, and the energetic Miguel Jr., age four, chased one of the family cats around.
“Hi, Sam,” each of the younger ones said. They were just about always happy to see him.
“Hey, little people,” he said charismatically, walking up on the lawn.
“Uh Sam. Why are you limping?”
“Because secretly my name is House.”
“What?” she asked confused.
“Never mind. Nobody ever gets my references.”
It wouldn't be like Samuel not stop at the porch and mess with Michelle. She looked up from her magazine.
“What do you want?” she asked, depressingly.
“Girl! Cheer up! Life is not that serious.” Michelle was always trying to be older than what she really was. Generally, she loved Samuel, though.
After not being able to get a rise out of her, he went straight in the house and to the back porch. He opened the door to let Nika, Genesis' stepmother, know he was here.
“Hi, Sam,” she said in an even a higher pitched tone than the children. He could tell her weed man had already visited today. Samuel laughed at her, and said hi and bye. In her room, Genesis laid on her bed in a Keep Calm tank top and black leggings. Taking a break from her less than easy Algebra II homework, she ate popcorn and watched Different World on Netflix. Samuel barged in.
“Hello, lovely,” he said.
“Hi.”
“That's all I get is hi?” he asked.
“HI SAM!” she yelled. He smiled real big. “I'm glad you’re here, friend. Here's my problem. When I look at that Algebra II book, my brain turns to mush. I need you to tutor me or something.” She noticed he was leaned against her wall with his hands behind his back, quietly staring upward. “Did you hear a word I said?”
“Let’s go to the store,” he said out of nowhere.
“Boy, I'm broke. I ain’t cut hair at the shop in like a week.”
“I always pay, anyway.”
“That's not true!” she exclaimed. Samuel straight-faced her.
“Okay,” she admitted. Walking along the fence of the park, the two made their way to Family Dollar. They were there so much, the place should've made them statues or, at the very least, hire them. Samuel walked with his headphones on and his signature half-mad-half-thinking face. Genesis pulled the right headphone from his ear.
“You look like that because?” she asked.
“Like what?”
She exaggeratedly imitated his morbid facial expression.
“All gloomy, and down, and depressed. “With the look in his eyes, she knew his response wasn't going to be just anything. He wasn't playing. Samuel chuckled.
“You know how a kid packs his toys and leaves?” he asked giving her no eye contact. “Well this kid is leaving. I'm tired of Eric and his bullshit.”
“What happened?” she asked. She always had a motherly tone. Samuel took off his bag and showed her the money.
“Damn! How much is that?” Genesis asked.
“Last time I counted, fifteen hundred. I gotta rent an apartment somewhere. Anywhere.”
“Sixteen-year-olds can't rent apartments.”
“I know that. That’s what lying is for. I’ll get around it somehow.” She couldn't feel the confidence in his voice, at all, but out of nowhere, he gave the faintest smile. “I always figure it out.”
“Yeah,” Genesis smiled. “You do.” Like a good friend should, she comforted him. Not too long after, they were back from the store. The kids ran up to them like a pack of hungry dogs.
“Did you get us anything?” they asked. Genesis hit them with a quick nope.
“But I wanted some snacks,” Katlin whined.
“I swear y’all cry when the wind blow hard,” Samuel said. Katlin started to stomp off when Samuel called her name.
“What?!” she turned around, all nasty. Samuel threw her a box of Sour Patch Kids. He gave them all their favorite candy. Each thanked him and went right back to what they were doing.
“Aren't you nice today,” Genesis remarked as they walked in together.
“Shut up,” he pushed her. Back in her room, she threw her bags on the bed and took off her jacket. Samuel came in and did the same. Turning around he saw Genesis poorly hiding a face of unease and worry. With his hands behind his head, he fell flat on her bed next to her.
“Okay, my turn. Why do YOU look like that?”
“Where are you staying tonight?” she asked.
Samuel chuckled. “That is a very good question, Ms. Martinez”
“For real?”
“Truth?” he asked.
“Anything less is disrespectful.”
“Truth is I have no idea. Under a bridge sounds real cozy. I could get a forty-ounce and pass it around with my fellow bums.”
“I’m trying to be serious, Sam,” she tried not to laugh. “Way I see it, those kids got those stupid, big ass tents down stairs that my dad bought. If you don't make a bunch of noise you can sleep in there, and I can sneak you out early in the morning”. He took a long moment to think.
“Don't be stupid,” she added.
“Thank you.” Her eyes lit up.
“Good. Now, let's watch some Netflix.”
“I gotta do something first.”
“What?” Genesis asked. He handed her his book bag.
“Don't worry ‘bout it. I'll be back.”
“Tell me”.
“Don't worry ‘bout it”. She stomped.
“You so childish,” he smiled.
“Fine. Just be back before dark.”
“Okay, mom.”
“Mm hmm. Bring me back something.” He held a thumb up on the way out.
Heading off, Samuel ventured his way down Livernois to the library. He walked inside only to realize he hadn’t had a library card in years. Within seconds his mind already had a plan together. He sought out his mark. In the back, he sat at a table next to what appeared to be a college student studying. For a minute, he just twiddled his thumbs and whistled.
“Samuel,” he said, introducing himself out of nowhere. The guy looked up from his book, seeing who he was talking to.
“Oh, um, John,” he told him, shaking his hand.
“John? Nice. Nice and uh…biblical.”
“Yeah, I guess,” he said.
“I'm guessing you gotta test coming up. With all the books.”
“Yeah it's crazy. Just started my freshman year. Didn't think it would be this hard.”
“Yeah, well, you know how that shit go. Eh, you dropped something,” Samuel told him.
John leaned over to find nothing. When he came up Samuel was gone. Over at the computers Samuel used John’s library card. With all that was going on one would think he'd be focused on other things. Maybe this was just easier. The computer only gave Samuel an hour of useless information. Eventually the computer shut him out. He sighed scooting away from the table. After that, hours upon hours was spent cramming books on crystals, different types rocks, and anything he could find really. After a while, it was hard to keep his focus. From in between the book shelves, trying to find another book, he watched John up at the front desk with a million books to take out. Awkwardly, Samuel made sure he was out of sight when John couldn't find his card. With his head in the books he was oblivious to the day fading into night. By the end, his fingers were raw from turning pages. At the front desk, he had to buy a bag for the huge stacks of books he was checking out. Samuel was there so long, the guards were literally closing up behind him. Genesis told him to be back before dark. She was going to have a little attitude. Luckily, Rick's liquor store was right across the street so he could pick some junk food up, and keep her mouth closed. Walking in, the lights were bright. This was a brand new building. It was very much an upgrade from the last one that had burned down a couple years back. At the counter, the line was long because an old wino arguing with the cashier over short change. Who could blame him when the cashier looked like a shyster, and talked macho behind bullet proof glass. His hoodlum of an assistant looked mean, with a tooth pick in his mouth, sitting on a stool. His unsettling stare was directly on Samuel. Uncomfortable, he tried to ignore it. After getting some party mix and Arizona iced tea, Samuel stood in the back of the line. People grew impatient as the wino still argued. With the ring of a bell, a dude just a little older than him walked in. The man gave a nod to the hoodlum. Something wasn't right. Within an instant, the newcomer shot his powerful .357 in the air. The floor became his and his alone. You never knew what you were walking into, living in Detroit. Mothers held their children close and others held their hands up in the air, praying to God he didn't shoot.
“Gimme all the cash you got and this'll go smooth.” he told the cashier. The cashier looked at him like he was crazy.
“I AIN'T GIVIN YOU A GOT DAMN DIME. NOW TAKE YO MONKEY ASS OUTTA MY STORE.” Suddenly the oh-so-brave cashier shrunk as he heard the cocking of a gun right next to his ear. At the end, his assistant stood with his finger on the trigger.
“Are you kiddin me? I knew I never shoulda hired yo sorry ass.”
“Yeah. Funny how life turns out? Now, let’s go clear that safe in the back.”With a gun poked to his spine the cashier started to move.
“Q, clean these fools.” Q turned to the frightened crowd.
“You heard my mans. You plan on seeing tomorrow, run them pockets”. Without a fight, everyone started unloading. There wasn't a strong spirit in the room. Samuel was quiet as a church mouse. Many a time in his childhood he had to be quiet while he witnessed atrocities. Everybody was at the mercy of a couple of stick-up kids trying to get over. Q sent around a bag in which everyone dumped their belongings. Jewelry, wallets, beats, and everything else piled up. Eventually it all came down to Samuel. He thanked the Lord he left the cash with Genesis. With a look of scorn Samuel gave away his headphones, phone and the couple dollars he had in his pockets.
“That's it?!” Q asked, unimpressed.
“I'm broke,” Samuel told him. In disbelief, he smacked his lips. With the gun, Q motioned him to raise his arms. Samuel did. Everyone watched as Q patted him down.
“Damn! You are broke. What's in the bag?!” Samuel opened it.
“Books fool?! Really? Witcho Lame ass.” He searched his pockets, back and front. It was no help to Samuel’s situation when Q pulled out the shard.
“Is this a diamond? You been holding out on me?” he asked. Samuel knew it was all over. He took a deep breath as Q examined the thing with his back turned. He needed a plan. He needed that shard back.
“I got a question.” Q turned around and stepped to him.
“Shoot,” he said putting a gun to his head.
“Funny. Here goes. Basing this off the guess you two had this brilliant idea in your mom’s basement, getting high. You didn't think this through. You don't think with all these people in here that not one has someone waiting in the car. And that they haven't called the police”. He didn't know what compelled him to play tough guy when he was seconds away from pissing his pants.
“This is Detroit. Hell gon freeze over before the cops get here.”
“But IF you get caught, there’s a hundred judges whose day would be made at the THOUGHT of putting a couple of black kids away. And you ain't even let a bullet go.” Q's mind started to back pedal
“Eh! Hurry up back there!”.
“Man, don't let this dummy spook you,” the hoodlum told him, coming out. “What do he know?”
“Yeah. Yeah. I guess you right,” Q gathered himself. He snapped around and pistol whipped Samuel, putting him down.
“Talkative bitch!”
Right above the eyebrow, Samuel's skin split. He groaned in pain, holding his forehead. Little did anyone know the cashier was inching his pocket knife out.
“Soon as tough boy clean this cash register, we out,” he said. The hoodlum pushed the cashier. The tone became blood and guts when the cashier lashed out, slitting the dude's throat
“OH SHIT!” Q exclaimed. Everyone gasped and cringed, trying to hold it together. He ripped through the door and shot the cashier. His friend lay there bleeding out, holding his throat. Tears started to come to his eyes as he tried to wake up his homie to no avail. Some had to learn the hard way that dumb ideas could be fatal. He grabbed the bag full of money. He wasn't going to let his friend die for nothing. Samuel was right there to tackle him to the ground making him drop the gun. They wrestled for dominance. It was only one of them now and still people didn't help. One robbery and their spirits were broken. Q managed to get the shard out of his pocket. Right between the ribs he STUCK Samuel. The blood rushed. Pain crushed through his whole body. The shard that was lodged deep in his flesh started to faintly flash. Samuel couldn't believe this was happening. So, this is what it was like to live and die in Detroit. He had always wondered. This was it, dying homeless, dying a virgin, dying an outcast. Looking back there was so much he wished he had done, but it mattered not, because he just threw his life away over a stupid thing he barely found twelve hours ago. Q didn't work well under pressure. He held the gun to his head pacing back and forth. He couldn't believe his friend was dead, on top of that he just killed a man, not to mention the cashier. He wiped his eyes. The sirens were coming with their blue and red lights, practically taunting him. Fear and worry soon transformed into anger. Q needed someone to take it out on. He looked Samuel straight in the eyes. In Q's mind, his days were numbered anyway. No one moved a muscle as he mercilessly gave Samuel a quick death, unloading a clip into him. Life left from his eyes. Another young man senselessly killed by his own kind. Q dipped with the money. Everyone breathed a little bit easier, for a lack of better words. Some moved into action, trying to see if anyone was still breathing. The flashing of the shard inside Samuel blinked faster and faster. It came with no warning, BOOM! In a devastating burst of unbridled energy everything faded. Wood became splinters and cement became rubble. In a fiery rage the building and all its inhabitants were no more. It was bloody, it was bleak, it was morbid, and it was real. Out of the ashes, red specs slowly ascended into the night sky. Q looked back, blocks down. He was just happy he was gone. Cops pulled up on the scene. All it was, was another tragedy to report in the city of Detroit.

II. AFTERMATH
The sun had risen and the dust had settled. Police tape surrounded the scene. Just hours ago, the place crawled with firefighters and policeman. The building laid in ruins. Now it was nothing more than a scorched desolate wasteland that the ashes of the dead laid beneath.
On a slightly lighter note, at MCH the bell rang. Genesis shot out of class with her best friend Karmen Lewis. Karmen was a cute young woman with pale skin, grey eyes, and brown curly hair that touched her shoulders.
“Girl, stop walking so fast. Who you lookin for anyway?” Karmen asked.
“You know who I'm lookin for.” Karmen rolled her eyes as hard as humanly possible.
“Why are you lookin for the bum?” she asked. Genesis kept walking. “Genesis!”
“What?!” she turned around.
“Girl, what's wrong witchu? You act like something horrible happened.”
“Nothing. I really need to ask Gordon something right now.” Karmen grabbed her by the wrist, tying her down.
“Waddup?”
“Look I'll catch up with you later, okay. I promise,” Genesis told her.
“Fine. Bye, bitch. Tell Gordon I said hi.” She waved her friend off. She wasn't really even paying attention. Urgently, Genesis made her way into the lunch room. She wasn't able to find Gordon until she took a hard look at a table full of females. She shook her head. At the table, she made some random, thirsty chick scoot down from Gordon. The girl made the most disgusted face but didn't dare say anything.
“You seen our boy?” Genesis asked.
“Who? Sam? Naw. I don't think he even here today. Why?”
“Walk wit me right quick,” Genesis said.
“I'm kinda comfortable.” Genesis yanked him up by the arm.
“OG, you leaving?” one girl asked. All his little worshippers looked at him waiting for an answer.
“He'll be back,” Genesis said, dragging him along.
“Damn, easy. What's yo frustration?”
She got him over to the steps where they could talk in private.
“Okay, so look. Last night Sam came to my house or whatever. He was taking me to the store and started talking about how he was tired of living with Eric, and how he’s going to rent an apartment and all that. He had all this cash he had saved up in a book bag along with some clothes. Anyway, when we got back I told him he could stay at my house. He agreed but he said it was something he had to do. Sam being Sam, of course, he wouldn't tell me what it was. He promised he was going to be back before dark but he never came.” Gordon thought about his friend for a moment.
“Real talk, you know how he is. He probably just somewhere in his head. I tell him all the time he thinks too hard.”
“With no money and the same clothes?” Genesis argued.
“I’m telling you he alright. He always is. Probably just needed a day off. Don't let Sam have you worrying; he'll pop up.” Genesis took a deep breath.
“Alright. I guess you right. Imma check with Eric after school though.”
“Just say the word and I'm there.”
“Naw, he ain’t making no noise. Even if he is, there's always my trusty knife.” Gordon giggled.
“You an awry chick. Hit me up straight after,” he told her.
“I gotchu,” Genesis said as they parted ways.
Thump. Thump. Thump. A sluggish heart beat wouldn't stop fighting. In a dark hospital room a bandaged body laid. The only sound was that of a heart rate monitor on a steady crawl. His skin was a deathly pale and his lips a desert dry. The lights above started to flicker. The pace of the monitor quickened. The skin became plump and his natural color was once again his. When the monitor short circuited that was it. With a huge gasp, Samuel arose as if it were from the dead. He ripped himself from the bed, moving around like a maniac. A nurse burst through the door to see him spazzing out. It took five security guards to restrain him so they could finally sedate him. When Samuel came to, a doctor stood over him accompanied by a nurse and two guards at the door.
“Well I must be popular,” Samuel said in a horsed voice. That was enough to get everyone to smile and break the ice.
“Can you give me your full name please?” the doctor asked while having a light in his eye.
“Samuel Lesean Marcellus Mason IV. Two questions. How did I get here and when can I leave?”
“Breathe in and breathe out for me sir.” Samuel did as he was told, anything to hurry his answer.
“Look can you please……”
“Young man, listen. You’re lucky to be alive. You came in with a blow to the head, three gunshot wounds, and stab to the abdomen. A couple of early morning runners found you out on Belle Isle.”
“Belle Isle?” he mumbled.
“Now, I'm not a very religious man, but I have no doubt that you have a guardian angel.”
Listening to those words made everything that happened last night hit him like a shovel. A more than disturbing flash of events mortified him. How was he even alive? He remembered dying, if that's even possible.
“I gotta get outta here,” he said getting antsy. The doctor put his hand out to stop the guards from detaining him.
“Young man, you can't leave until someone picks you up. I would rather keep security off of you.”
“I DIDN'T ASK TO BE HERE, DID I?! SO, LET ME GO!”
“Young man that's not policy.”
“Jesus Christ!” Samuel groaned.
“Look, you’re angry. You want answers. I get it, but for now, you need to rest. I bet you’re hungry. Your blood sugar is very low.”
“I'll be back with something for you to eat. Are you in any pain?” the nurse asked nicely. With a minute to slow down, he realized he was hurting.
“Not until you mentioned it.”
“Pain level from one to ten? Ten being the highest. One being the lowest.”
“If I say ten, do I get the good stuff?” The nurse didn’t want to smile but she had to. “Wait! One more thing. Can we do something about these cuffs?”
Sorry, her facial expression said. They left Samuel to be alone. As soon as the door closed behind them he grabbed the TV remote and flipped through the channels. There wasn't a single story about what happened last night. A liquor store full of people just goes and explodes and no one cares. This was all too much to process. Whether it was indirectly or not, he killed those people. All he had to do was let the stupid guy leave with the shard. Those people, all those innocent people, dead, he thought. On top of that, he was in a hospital and anything involving a gunshot victim meant the calling of police. Samuel, for the moment, was a runaway teen and he’d be damned if he was going back to Eric. The nurse eventually came back with a tray of juice and cereal. That was nowhere near going to cut it, but it was something. On his tray, he was left with a cup of medicine. These people didn't know who they were dealing with. Samuel was smart enough to know that some of those pills were famous for making people drowsy.
“Calm the disobedient patient, huh?” Samuel said to himself. He took only the painkillers and sprang into action. All the equipment attached to him, he shed. His raggedy clothes were under the bed in a bag. As fast as he could, he put them on and left the room. Soon after his departure, the nurse led two cops to his room. They were shocked to see Samuel gone with the wind. The code was immediately sent out for a missing patient who may be dangerous. Every security guard was put to work. Samuel hid at the bottom of a stairwell. From looking around, he just found out he was in Henry Ford Hospital. He could feel the whole air of the building change. Something poked him in the thigh. He felt his pocket. It was his phone, smashed up in a million pieces. Samuel sighed and shook his head. He pulled his hood up and headed out. Security guards were going from room to room. Samuel played it cool. They had his basic description. In a quiet hallway, three were just about to pass him. Samuel pretended like he was getting something from the vending machine. One of them looked back. Samuel looked over and stupidly met his sight. In that moment, he knew he was caught. It was fight or flight, and Samuel hauled ass the other way. They took chase. On his walkie talkie, the guard yelled his position. Samuel was running for his free life. He turned multiple corners trying to shake them. He was met with a long hallway of elevators. Only one opened. The end of the hall was his only hope. He almost cracked a smile. In slow motion, he could see five security guards dash in front of the exit. Everything seemed useless. With a DING, a closer elevator became his savior. Through the pack of people getting off, he threw himself on and pressed every button until the doors closed. The guards got there. frustrated with their slowness. Down at the lobby, Samuel ran for the doors. He bumped, bashed, and tore through everyone in his path. Many cursed his named, but the kid claimed his freedom. Just as the guards were coming, Samuel stole a bike from the rack and rode off.
After school was over, Genesis Martinez was on a different journey. She sat in the passenger seat of her boyfriend's car.
“So, explain to me again, why I’m taking you to his crib?” Taylin asked.
“None of your business. And stop being childish. You know his name.”
“Well, if it’s none of my business, I can turn around.”
“This is so not the time, Taylin.”
“Chill. I’m just playing. What’s wrong? You been salty all day.”
“Nothin. Just not feeling good”.
“Bet I could make you feel better,” he said confidently, leaning over. They arrived in front of Samuel's house.
“Bye, boy,” she said, leaving him with a kiss.
“I’ll call you tonight,” Taylin told her before he drove off. Genesis watched him turn at the corner, then headed to the door. Nervously, she knocked. After a few minutes of waiting, she was about to leave. Exactly then, Eric yanked open the door. She turned, looking at him and all his sloppiness.
“Have you seen Samuel?” Genesis made it simple. This was the first time Eric had seen her in a few years. Time had done her a ton of favors. His eyes were glued everywhere but her eyes. She snapped her fingers with sass.
“My eyes are up here, you PERVERT.” There wasn't a bit of shame in him.
“I ain't seen ya little boyfriend. When you see him tell him Imma fuck him up for the yesterday.” Eric slammed the door shut right in her face.
“ASSHOLE!” Genesis yelled, kicking the door. “How do you not even care about your own step son?” she mumbled down the walk way, angrily. Approaching her yard, Genesis was surprised to see a tired Samuel sitting on her porch. Walking up to him, she was five seconds away from cutting into him. Before she could even open her mouth, he jumped up and hugged her tight. Inside at the kitchen table, she watched in wonder as he cleared out her whole refrigerator.
“You gon tell me where you been?” she asked. He closed his eyes, trying not to think about it.
“You know. The usual. Just walking around. Being the best Sam I can be,” he said between bites.
“Be for real,” she said. Even though she was pissed, her eyes couldn't hide that genuine concern.
“Look, I'm sorry for not calling or nothing, but I was nowhere, for real. I promise.” She squinted her eyes like Samuel would if he heard bull.
“So, you really expect to come in here dog hungry with clothes like that and a bandage on yo forehead and expect me to believe you were just walking around?” Samuel stuffed his mouth, thinking she'd drop it. She knocked the tray out of his hands.
“C'mon now. Was that even called for?” he asked. Genesis pulled on his hood until he got up and led him out the door.
“You really gon kick me out?” Samuel asked on the porch.
“Look, I can usually deal with your little bull. It's funny a lot of times, but not today. It's the truth or I'll catch you in a week or two.”
Samuel stood there speechless.
“Straight?” he asked.
“Straight!”
“Can I at least get my money?”
She left and returned in a moment to chuck it at him and close the door.
“I thought we were friends!” Samuel yelled.
By nightfall Samuel was looking out Gordon's window, still a little paranoid from this morning. Gordon walked fresh out of his bathroom. Samuel’s nostrils were quickly violated.
“Bruh, you stink! Use some spray!”
“That’s what shit tends to do,” he said, plopping on his bed. “Why you still lookin out the window?”
“Oh, am I bothering you?!”
“You making me paranoid. Sit yo ass down. I heard you pissed off yo little girlfriend today. She was worried this morning.”
“From who? And she not my girlfriend!”
“Karmen told me, and she just outta be as much as you’re over there.”
“Whatever. I swear she always running her mouth.” Gordon laughed.
Tink, his older sister, opened the door.
“You got my phone charger?” she asked.
“No! Now, get out.”
“Boy! Yo black ass can leave my house and live witcha mama.”
Samuel couldn't help but laugh. Tink took Gordon's charger and left. Samuel smiled, watching her well-endowed body leave. Gordon scrunched up his face.
“One, don't entertain that dummy. Two, don't look ever in yo life look at my sista’s ass!” he yelled, throwing a pillow at Samuel, making him laugh even harder.
Even with the comfort of a friend, the night brought something different. He laid on Gordon's floor with a hand behind his head, listening to him snore. Tonight's forecast was heavy rain with thunder. More than a few times it cracked so loudly that car alarms were going off. That night didn't grant Samuel sleep. All he could think about were those people. The memories became more vivid each and every time. The death, the fear, the senseless destruction. The rain that beat against the window, the thunder that boomed in the sky. Tonight it was the soundtrack to his life. He put on his clothes and slid out the door. The urge to see his fatal work led him down the barely lit blocks of Livernois. Thunder roared as if God himself spoke. All this was because of that stupid shard. It didn't take Samuel long to get to that dreaded place. Behind the yellow tape, the liquor store laid at his feet. It was like standing at his own personal ground zero. Already, there were teddy bears memorializing the dead, but it wasn't enough. Somehow, some reason, it just always had to be him. His fists clenched and his head sunk low. He stood there. If Samuel could trade places with all of them, he would. Above, something really lethal cooked in the sky this time. Without warning, lightning struck at the center of the rubble. Samuel was blown back into the street. Rain put the fire out quickly. That strike was power in its purest form. Still in awe, he got to his feet. With caution, Samuel ducked under the tape and stood at the peak of the pile. Dead in the center was a beaded wooden cross necklace. He took it into his hands and clenched it tightly. For him, it held all the memories of the dead. Alone and empty, he stood in the center of what should have been his final resting place.
Across town, an eyesore of a factory stood. It had long been forgotten by those who no longer found its use. In front of it a sleek, matte black Rolls Royce Phantom pulled up. Out the back stepped an exorbitant brown loafer attached to a mysterious figure. This figure belonged to a man, a solid man, easily six ft. He was of a distinguished age, not to be mistaken with old. What time had taken away, experience gave him tenfold. He was the man covered by darkness, never dressed in anything less than a custom three-piece suit. The original gangster. His hands were full of rings, some diamond and some gold. The man walked with the sureness and sharpness of a Bond villain. He headed toward the spacious opening of the factory. In the middle of the room, two guards stood with their guns at ease. They knew their ultimate superior was coming. It took nothing but the echo of his shoes to frighten them. Like children they searched their minds to see if they had done anything that hadn't pleased him. He only accepted obedience, simple and plain. They sweat bullets as he was only feet away. The man covered by darkness stepped between the two and tapped the floor twice with his foot. A panel receded revealing steps. Not a word was spoken, and that's how they liked it. The steps led to one of his many process and distribution units. Entering the room, the place was lit with LED lighting. This is where the nitty gritty went down. Naked women by the dozens, each with their own station. All stood with surgical masks and latex gloves on. Some chopped up dope and others counted more money than people made in four lifetimes. As if they were in a regular office, when the one true boss entered the room, the talking and chattering ceased. No one even made eye contact and they all worked extremely hard. All of them were products of human trafficking. Walking through his shop, the man covered by darkness stopped as a silly girl continued to talk. The surrounding women tried to hush her up before she became even more noticeable. It was only when he stood in front of her did she realize what she had done. Very few low-levels like her ever spoke to the boss directly. She could have gone her whole life without ever seeing him, but here she was sure she was going to meet her maker.
“What’s your name?” he asked in his deep, commanding, yet smooth voice. Every bone in the girl's body wanted to get down on her knees and start pleading.
“A-A Aaliyah,” she stuttered.
“Like the singer,” he said calmly. She weakly smiled, hoping she was a little bit safer. The man got close, uncomfortably close.
“Sweetheart,” he whispered in her ear. “When you’re talking I’m not making my money. I get angry when I’m not making my money. You’re new, I presume.”
“Y-yes.”
“Stop stuttering. If I wanted you dead you’d be dead. Carry on Aaliyah.”
She absorbed all her fear back in so she could function. It took one of her friends to lead her back to her station. The right-hand man, Greg Lanier, approached him. He was a middle aged, short, Caucasian man, with black hair that sat at the back of his head. His attire was that of a business man from head to toe.
“Back to work,” Lanier told them. The man's pet tigers slowly walked up greeting him. They purred while they rubbed against him.
“Why did you call me here?” he asked Lanier.
“Nice to see you, too.”
“I'm a busy man.” Lanier cleared his throat and pulled out a small tablet from his pocket. A holographic map filled the air having a red dot blink in place.
“You want to tell me what I'm looking at?”
“The trackers you sent out. They picked up on the source.”
“My source?”
“Yes.” He closed his eyes and gathered himself, putting any emotions away.
“Send out a search team. I want to know the second something is found. Do not fail me, Lanier. No exceptions!”
“Think of it as done,” the right-hand man promised his king. True power couldn't have been more in his grasp.
Hours later, Samuel walked along the fence of his school in a brooding fashion. The deaths of those people weighed on his shoulders. A dozen people died that night. That was a dozen lights that could no longer shine in a city that so desperately needed them. The necklace hung around his neck boldly, cemented forever as a promise. To be so young, he was a man of conviction. Samuel knew he either had to turn himself in or make amends. Something that seemed so big to him was nothing to everyone else. His peers seemed to be so content with small talk and time lines. It really gave new meaning to the phrase ignorance is bliss. Though guilt ruled his mind, sickness took his body. Sitting in lunch was worse than ever. It was like he was running a fever of a hundred-and-six. Sweat made his forehead glisten and his shirt was almost drenched through. He had never been to the school nurse but this felt as good a time as any. This school bragged a hundred times a year about its advanced facilities. All the nurse could do for him was give him a bottle of water, a wet rag, and send him on his merry way. Samuel got to the bathroom as fast as he could. A stall was where he vomited. This felt like the type of virus that killed third world countries. Coming out with a disoriented look, he leaned on the sink. Samuel faced himself in the mirror. He looked like crap, even more than usual. A couple dudes walked in trying to decide if they were going to skip and smoke. Samuel tried to look as normal as possible. He splashed cold water on his face. Coming up, he looked over at them. It was Jalen and Nard. These two were so well known for their random bathroom stump outs. Give me a break, he thought. Samuel grabbed a paper towel and headed for the door. The kid had no desire to be the new knockout video going around school. He yanked the door handle. What a shocker, it didn't budge. He leaned his forehead on the door for a moment. Fuck my life, he thought. When Samuel turned around Nard already had his camera out. For a guy that just died not too long ago, this was more annoying than scary.
“Any particular reason for all this?” Samuel asked.
“Cuz it's funny, “ Nard replied without hesitation.
“Yeah, whatever you say. I can't tell you how many times I've laughed my ass off at some poor dude getting the shit kicked out of him outta nowhere. I never really thought it would happen to me.”
“Never say never,” Jalen said.
Jalen lunged forward with a fist, dropping Samuel with a knock on the jaw. He folded up in the fetal position as they beat him relentlessly. Samuel tried his best to cover up everything important, like his head and vital organs. It was an out-of-body experience, really. He could feel himself drifting. A strange tingling feeling started to spread from his chest. With every blow, he felt oddly invigorated. They let up, having had their video for the day. Samuel's clothes were torn and Timberland footprints riddled his body. From his mouth, blood dripped on the dirty tile. They even took his shoes and threw them in the toilet. Dazed and confused, his eyes rolled around in his skull. When he opened them, the irises that were once brown were now a menacing red. The two idiots that plagued him were ready to go. Almost in a possessed manner he got to his feet in rigid movements. The dysfunctional duo turned around.
“What the hell?” Jalen mumbled. With swiftness, he never possessed Samuel attacked. Briskly, he threw Nard into the bathroom stall, breaking the door down. His buddy was sent back-first into the sink, cracking the ceramic. Water spewed from the pipes. Hearing all the commotion, a concerned security guard rushed in. All he saw was two beat up boys and a battle-ready Samuel. It wasn't long before the papers were filed and Samuel was suspended.
Rugged and bitter, Samuel stormed out the front doors with his suspension papers in hand. By the time he got to the end of the fence, he couldn't hold it anymore.
“FUUUUUUCK,” he screamed to his city.
Agitation had its ways of getting the best of him. He stopped and leaned on the fence in front of the bus stop. Through all that had happened, he had to admit, that it felt good. He beat those guys—more than beat them, he embarrassed them. His body still felt strange, though. Samuel had written his little victory off to nothing more than an adrenaline rush. The cuts and bruises didn't hurt anymore, in fact they had just about healed. This made him even more curious; he pulled his shirt up, the stitches were long gone. Samuel didn't even have a scar left.
That night, he was right back laying on Gordon's floor. Samuel was so wide awake. He was still wired from that scuffle in the bathroom today. At night, he was left alone with only his thoughts to keep him company. There was a feeling in his bones. The kid needed to be out. He needed to feel that feeling again, that rush of power. For the second time, Samuel slipped out the door into the darkness. In the time it took him to get to the BP gas station back by Kentucky street, he had formed a theory. As always, a bunch pants-sagging, no-job-having guys hung out on the side of the gas station as they passed around a blunt. Samuel walked up, trying to find the guts to go for it. He knew exactly what to say to get them going. He chickened out at the last second about to head in.
“You good on loud?” Samuel stopped. The opportunity introduced itself too well. He took a deep breath.
“What I look like buying from y'all dirty asses!”
“Whatchu say?!”
The tension rose with those fighting words. Here goes nothing, he thought. They all came forward and started throwing their best fists. And so, the brutal beating began. Samuel took it like a champ, to the gut, to the face, to the chest. He was right back in that good old fetal position trying to cover all the vitals
“NOW WHAT?! HUH” Everyone stepped away from him.
“Yeah, he bout through. Let’s go.” Just when they were all about to walk away, they heard Samuel chuckle.
“Somethin funny?!”
“Not ha ha funny,” Samuel said as he got to his feet and stretched out.
“C'mon, he ain't worth it. We did what we was gon do.”
“It's funny in the sense that I'm bout to kick your ass.”
“Bro, he off a pill or somethin. C'mon, let's just go.”
“Naw. He want more. I'm always ready to hand out an ass whoopin.”
“Sure do,” Samuel said. They all started to approach him. He dodged the first attack and got rocked with the second. With every blow landed, he became stronger, faster, better. It was like everything was in slow motion. He moved like fluid, sidestepping every punch. He felt young, quick, and invincible. Now it was time to switch. Samuel's hands hit like bricks and were faster than lightning. Only moments were between him fighting and him standing victorious above the group of out-classed men. In the midst of his celebration, he felt tiny needles all over his hands. Samuel stared at his palms. New life roared in his veins. A smile came upon his face as he watched red electricity crackle around his hands. This was definitely something new.
The following days of his suspension became lessons. Oddly enough, the shard that once cursed him blessed him with uncanny new life. During the autumn nights, the concrete jungle became his playground. In a junk yard, he found himself with the strength of twenty men. On the roads, he could run with the cars and move like an Olympic gymnast. Leaping from building to building, one second his feet scratched the gravelly rooftops, and the next, he felt weightless. Maybe some good did come out of that liquor store fiasco. Whatever was happening to him, he couldn't deny it, he liked it. This was his time and it felt good. On the morning he was due back, he sat calmly across the street from the school.
That day in class, Samuel was back at it. There was an anatomy test in class. He always made sure he flipped over his paper extra loud to let everyone know that he was farther than them. Few people thought he was cool, but he was going to make damn sure that they knew he was the smartest.
“Done,” he said. A few people smacked their lips. He gladly handed his paper in at the desk and told his teacher he was going to the bathroom. He aced a test after coming back from a three-day suspension. I must be the greatest, he thought. After using the bathroom, Samuel washed his hands. A couple dudes were shooting dice while waiting for the bell to ring. They stepped back and took a look at Samuel's shoes. They started giggling.
“Can I ask what's so funny?” Samuel asked, drying his hands.
“Nothing bro. Can I ask you a question?”
“What?”
“You a virgin, bro?”
“Boy, you got me bent! Why?!”
“THEM SHOES BRO! I KNOW FOR A FACT YOU HAD THEM THANGS SINCE AT LEAST THE BEGGINNING OF TENTH GRADE YEAR.” They started to laugh, they couldn't control themselves.
“How do my shoes have anything to do with me being a virgin?!”
Samuel was quick to get defensive. He left before they thought to get a picture of his struggling foot wear. Outside, Samuel stood right in front of the door. He had just lied through his teeth about not being a virgin. He thought of the Hopsin line: I couldn’t pull an anorexic bitch in a game of tug of war. His new-found power dawned on him. He went back in and before the door could close he came back out with a new pair of shoes and a brand-new phone. Guys like that would never say they got beat up by the lamest dude in school, which made it all the more perfect. All things considered, he was doing decent, only days removed from his not-so-little accident.
After school Samuel sat on his favorite monkey bars at Tindal park. With a thousand-mile stare, he unconsciously played with his necklace. He owed those people, big time. Human beings couldn't just die so senselessly, right in front of him. It happened every day but, close up, it was just so weird. Maybe it was just survivor’s guilt. I mean, shouldn't I be happy to be alive, he thought. People always saw death on TV and movies, and thought it was so cool. With his head in his lap, he never felt so low. Looking up for just a bit, he turned his head to see a couple of people on the side of the abandoned recreational center. It was no secret what they were doing. Samuel just looked on. It seemed like everyone in the hood was just okay with destroying themselves, through drugs, through nonsense, through anything. The guy walked away ready to get high. With strong purpose, Samuel hopped off the monkey bars and headed straight for the drug dealer. When the dealer saw him getting close, he told him to stop.
“You police? You know you gotta tell me, right, if you are?”
“Nigga, do I look like a cop?” Samuel asked.
“Never can be too sure. So whatchu lookin for?”.
“Whatchu got?”
“Kush. Heroine. X pills. Anything you need. I'm the man around here. Don't you know?
“You the man?”
“I'm the man,” he repeated.
“Alright,” Samuel nodded. “Kush. Dime bag.”
“Comin right up.” He reached for the Kush and Samuel reached for the cash. Before the guy knew it, he was up against the wall with Samuel's forearm to his throat.
“Yo, what fuck?!” he said, squirming.
“The kid you just sold to? He couldn't have been more than fifteen. You ever think about the lives you’re snuffing will all this shit?!” Samuel asked angrily. The guy didn't know what to say. “DO YOU?!” Patience definitely wasn't a virtue Samuel was designed with.
“They come to me. What I'm supposed to do, deny them? I gotta eat, too.” Samuel let the pathetic dealer fall at his feet. He grabbed for the guys jacket and stripped him of his products.
“Bruh?! That’s not fair!”
“Life’s not fair, now get outta here.” The shaken dealer took off. Samuel looked at the drugs, then look at the distancing dealer. At that place and time a film was taken off his eyes. That little moment afforded him a certain clarity that even his old soul didn't have before. People who stole, people who sold drugs, people who died all because the overall savagery of this land. The kid look around, at a kids’ park, where it was supposed to be a place of joy, the grass was overgrown and brown. Broken glass and litter filled the ground. Even the building that was once devoted to keeping kids out of trouble was now just a place where drug deals went down. Nobody asked to be in the hood. There were sheep and there were wolves, the takers and the taken. What if he had a shot at being a protector, he thought. Sure, he could wait a couple of years, study political science and become some governor or state official, but that’s not what people wanted. The last thing this city needed was another slick, college boy official spreading promises of peace and possibility. There was no one coming to save this godforsaken city, so, why couldn't he? He was a kid that actually knew what it was like to live in the hood, to hear gunshots at night, to be robbed, to see death and be near it. An idea was born.
In the school parking lot, Gordon was tonguing Alexis in his car. She was one of the football player’s girlfriends. Samuel came up and knocked on the passenger side window, startling the two.
“What his ugly ass want?” Alexis asked, taking a breath
“Chill,” Gordon said, rolling down the window.
“I need to talk,” Samuel said.
“About what?! Can't you see I'm busy?”
“You tongue a hundred girls a day. She'll live”. Alexis scoffed. She got out the car and stormed off. Gordon dropped his head on the steering wheel in disbelief.
“Witcho cock blockin self! What do you want?!”
“You'll be alright,” Samuel said getting in.
“I hope whatchu wanted was worth her fine ass”.
“I'm probably saving yo black ass. Her boyfriend is 6'4 and 320 pounds. In other words, he'll beat yo boney ass”.
“I'll shoot that blob before I fight 'em.” Samuel laughed.
“Look, all I need is that black bandana you keep in here”.
“That’s all you wanted?! That’s couldn’t have waited it?!”.
“Nope,” Samuel said. Gordon reached in the back and threw it at him.
“Take it and get out. You such uh asshole,” Gordon said annoyed.
“I love you too.”
“You so gay! Get out!” Samuel laughed all the way as he got out and went on.
In the dark, he was dressed in all black. He tried his best to move like a ninja along the rooftops. In this city, he didn't think it would take so long to find something. Eventually he laid on the ledge of a building, with his hands behind his head, whistling the tune of Family Matters. Next door was one Wilson's convenience store. It was a ma and pa type business. A car pulled in the parking lot. Six deep, a bunch of loud mouths got out and looked ready to hit a lick. Samuel knew something was about to go down. He sat up and took a deep breath. This was the first step of many to redeem himself. His heart was beating like sasquatch feet as he tied the bandana around his face. Inside, other than the owners there was only one person in the whole store, and he was in the back trying to decide which bag of chips he wanted. The male owner stood in front sweeping the floor. He was an older black gentlemen probably in his late sixties, his wife just a tad younger and sat behind the counter reading a magazine. The young men walked in.
“And how can I help you fine gentlemen today?” the old man asked.
They all looked at each other to make sure things were a go. One of them stepped forward.
“You can run the cash register, pops,” he said, cocking an all-black 9mm. The old man dropped the broom and stepped back with his hands up. His wife stood up in fear.
“Son, if you leave now we won't call the cops. You don't have to do this.”
“Man, shut up!”
There wasn't an ounce of respect in the room for this old couple just trying to get by. These were the type of guys that made stereotypes seem so real. The guy in the back hid as best he could. While the dude had the old man at gun point, one of his friends went for the cash register.
“Pop this shit open,” he told the wife.
“Lord Jesus!” she said in nervous distress. She did what she was told and backed off. The kid counted the money.
“You serious?!”
“What?”
“Three hundred dollas!”
“Three hundred dollars? That ain't even enough for a pair of jeans, bruh. What's stoppin me from killin y’all right now?” he jumped forward with the gun.
“Please! Please! Please!” she begged. “That's all the money we have. Things have been slow.
“Sweetheart, everything's gonna be alright,” the good husband assured his wife with the shaky nerves.
“You sure about that, old man?” With the gun to her husband's head, the wife prayed as hard as she could. There was a sadistic look in the kid's eyes, like some perverted since of power. He didn't care about this couple. His finger pressured the trigger. Samuel zoomed in as a saving grace. Suddenly, all the old man knew was that he was standing behind a brave soul.
“WHERE DID THIS FOOL COME FROM?!” the dude asked. His crew was speechless.
“You would kill an old man and woman for a few hundred bucks?” Samuel asked.
“Sure would. And you, too, if you don't leave.”
Samuel twisted the guy's arm, almost breaking it. He screamed in agony.
The man in the back fumbled in his pockets to get his phone and start recording.
“At least you’re truthful,” Samuel socked him.
The crew rushed to help their man. Samuel dashed in the way. Five on one, good odds. Samuel lunged in, tackling whatever he could. It was a dog pile, and these dogs were hungry Rottweilers. Samuel was being overpowered. He was kicked, punched, scratched, and pulled. The anger had set in. His eyes lit red. With a burst of energy he sent the crew flying, scattering them into shelves and coolers. Samuel stood on his feet, literally smoking. The leader lifted up, seeing his homies down. He held the gun up.
“LOOK OUT!” the wife yelled. He pulled the trigger. BLAM! With a fierce force, a bullet connected to Samuel's shoulder, knocking him flat. Everyone was silent. Samuel opened his eyes, waiting for the intense pain. He put his hand on the spot. The bullet had only entered enough to tear his flesh a bit. Back to his senses, he stood and pulled the crumpled lead out.
“Super durability. Nice,” he said to himself. Fascination wasn’t the look in their eyes. It was more what type of freak are you? The young group ran for the hills. The owners still stood in disbelief. Samuel gave them a nod, then zoomed off. The next day in school, everyone was glued to their phone, well at least more than usual. The chatter was crazy. Samuel caught Gordon just as he was about to leave his locker.
“Dawg! What is it with everybody today?” he asked.
“You didn't see it?”
“See what?”
“You know to be smart you really stay out the loop. Just look,” Gordon opened YouTube on his phone. Samuel couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was a video of him beating those guys up last night. The power of social media was no joke. He went viral in less than twenty-four hours.
“It's called 'Black Superman.’ This guy is like a force of nature. Swoops in, takes on four or five punks. Gets shot! Doesn’t even phase him bruh! He was like straight out of a movie or something. Strong as shit! Tell me he ain't the realest walkin.” He had to squeeze all the muscles in his face to hide his blush.
“Yeah. He the realest alright,” Samuel gave Gordon a smile.
“Who you tellin?”
He was proud of what he had done, saving that old couple. He was even more happy about the video being such low quality that nobody could recognize his face. This was the very start of a legend. From this day, his life wouldn't and couldn't be the same.

III. KINGSWOOD BLUES
Samuel barged into 18948 Kentucky with Gordon at his side. Eric came out the back to see who had the balls just to walk in house. He saw Samuel and then he saw red.
“You little piece of shit!” he yelled coming towards him. Gordon raised his shirt revealing his Beretta. Eric stopped in his tracks.
“Just sit down,” Samuel said. “I'll be right back,” he told Gordon. Gordon nodded and fell back on the coach.
“Give me a reason,” Gordon taunted Eric. Upstairs, Samuel came to find his room in an even worse condition. Out of his closet, he grabbed a bag and filled it with more clothes. He looked around his room one last time. His story in this house had to come to an end. Good riddance. Heading back down Gordon sat on the couch quietly not taking an eye off Eric. Samuel dropped the bags in the foyer and headed to the kitchen where he took plates and silverware. In the basement, he grabbed a couple of containers and Eric's trusty toolbox. With haste, he got back upstairs and emptied a small closet full of towels and wash rags.
“That's about it,” Samuel said, coming in the living room.
“You just can't take my shit!”
“Eat a dick,” the kid walked right past him.
“You real tough when yo friend’s got a gun.” Samuel smirked. He half turned around, seemingly walking away. At the drop of a hat, he jawed Eric, making him fall back in the chair, unconscious.
“Damn!” Gordon exclaimed.
Samuel walked away like it was nothing and grabbed the boxes. That was a long time coming, and it didn't even cover half the bill. Gordon walked over to Eric.
“Nighty night,” Gordon said hysterically. Quickly, he grabbed the bags in the foyer and caught up with Samuel.
“Think he'll call the cops?” Gordon asked loading the trunk.
“He's a degenerate who does more drugs than should be humanly possible. So, no.”
“Good enough for me.”It wasn't long before the two found themselves sitting outside of the graffiti-scarred townhome community of Kingswood.
“You sure ain't tryin to move far,” Gordon said.
“It's not about distance. It's about not comin home to that idiot every day. You sure this gon work?” Samuel asked
“For the last time, relax. My uncle used to use fake ID's all the time.”
“Not the one in jail?”
Gordon began to look away.
“Oh, c'mon man!” Samuel said disappointed.
“He went to jail for murder, not fake IDs.”
“That's so reassuring. Thank you, Gordon.”
“My pleasure. Now c'mon”. Samuel took a deep breath and got out of the car. Inside, Gordon sat on the couch as Samuel kept walking. The apartment manager was a white college-aged stoner. Only way that he got a job like this was maybe one of his relatives owned the place or just good old white privilege. He'd put his money on either.
“Excuse me. I'm, uh, Samuel Mason. I called about the apartment,” he said, stepping to the front desk. The stoner lackadaisically stood up.”
“Yeah. Yeah. I remember you. You want the one-bed-one-bath.”
“Exactly”.
“Alright. I've already seen your online application. All I need is the first month’s rent of two-fifty and a current ID. Plus a shit ton of paperwork, waivers, and legal stuff. Shit like that.” Samuel paid him in cash out of his bag. Now was the moment of truth. With a bead of sweat rolling down his face, he handed him the ID. The stoner looked it over.
“This kinda looks shady”. Fuck you, Gordon, Samuel thought.
“Naw. I'm messing with you, man. I'm not an asshole like my old man,” the stoner said, breaking out laughing. Samuel laughed, playing right along with him. After the shit ton of paper work that was promised, he was shown right to his room. The room was small, the kitchen felt like a closet, and the view was garbage. In all actuality, it was great for what he paid; beggars couldn't be choosers. They didn't even want a credit check. Then again, that might have been why the place looked so rundown. When all the paperwork was done, Samuel sat on the laundry bag as Gordon gave himself the grand tour that took all of two seconds. He pulled out his new phone.
“Aint that just a bullshit term for stole?” Gordon asked.
“Commandeered it”.
“Ain't that just a bullshit term for stole?”
“Yup,” he answered without pause
“Is it on?”
“Not yet.” Gordon joined him sitting on an adjacent laundry bag.
“You finally comin up in the world,” Gordon congratulated him. Samuel gave his classic laugh that oozed with skepticism.
“Look on the bright side. You sixteen witcho own place. You know how many females we could bring through?”
Samuel shook his head. “Riiiiight. All of a sudden Imma have so many girls that I don't know what to do with them. And why? Because I'm the brand-new owner of a five-square foot apartment.”
“I'm tellin you, man: it works. Why you think I stay wit Tink instead of my mom’s?”
“Easier to do your dirt.”
“That, too. But look. Tink is gone like twenty hours a day with her little job, meaning the house is basically mine. Hoes love a guy wit his own crib. All you gotta do is get a decent couch, bed, and TV, and you good, bro.” Gordon got up off the bag. “One of these days, you gon actually listen to me.”
“And one of these days, you gon catch AIDS.”
“Whatever. Keep hatin.”
“I sure will. Look. Thanks, man. For real,” he said with a look of gratitude.
“No problem, baby boy” they embraced each other. With Gordon gone, there Samuel was with his hands on his hips thinking about his next move. A day forward, he knocked at Genesis's back porch door.
“Who is it?” Nika yelled.
“Sam.”
“Come in.”
For once, Genesis's father, Big Miguel, was home from work. The few times he was home, he could always be found in his chair, right in front of his big flat screen, playing on the PS4. Nika sat across from him, balled up on the couch, glued to her iPad.
“And the longest engaged couple award goes to….” Samuel joked. Big Miguel turned around.
“Boy, you come in talkin shit.”
“It's what I was born to do,” Samuel said. They both started to laugh.
“You been alright, man?” Big Miguel asked.
“Always,” Samuel replied.
“Yo girlfriend in her room,” said Nika. Big Miguel snickered.
“Not my girlfriend,” Samuel told them for the billionth time as he headed into the house. Miguel Jr. and Katlin messily played with sand on the kitchen floor while Michelle watched TV.
“Yall can't say hi?”
“Hi, Sam.”
“Now that's what I'm talkin about.”
“TBE has officially entered,” he said, bursting in his friend’s room. Genesis and Karmen just looked at him. Samuel sighed.
“Genesis, why is that thing here?”
“He comes and goes, “ Genesis said.
“Can we get her a muzzle? I really don't wanna hear her mouth,” he said, taking his spot in the corner of her room.
“And I don't wanna see his ugly ass.”
“Oooo, good come back. Fuckin anorexic,” Samuel said under his breath.
“Would y’all quit it. Y’all sound like kids,” Genesis scolded them.
“He is a kid wit his virgin ass.”
Samuel licked the inside of his cheek. He had no comeback. Karmen just about always had his number.
“Thought so.”
“So, is this what y’all doing with the rest of the day?” he changed the subject.
“Naw. We just waiting til you go home so Taylin, Gordon, and, you know, actually relevant people can come over.”
“That's nice,” Samuel pushed her comment to the side. “Genesis,” he called.
“What,” she said keeping her eyes on the TV.
“I bought it. Well, I’m renting it.” She turned around.
“You bought the apartment?” she asked excitedly.
“Yup. I am the official owner of Apartment 409 at Kingswood Apartments.”
She jumped up hugging him, her cleavage right in his face. The moments I live for, he thought.
“I’m so happy for you. We gotta get you some drapes, some towels, some… some everything.” Samuel smiled.
“How did yo broke ass by an apartment?” Karmen asked.
“Do you ever stop bein a bit…”
“Okay, you two. Chill out. Let’s go to the store or something. Some snacks would do us good as fuck right now.”
“I'm down,” Samuel said.
“Cool,” Karmen agreed.
Samuel just sat there. Genesis and Karmen looked at him oddly.
“What?”
“Get out!” Genesis and Karmen said. Samuel's mind had slipped away from him. He did what he usually did when she had to change: he sat outside with his back against the wall. To be frank, everything that was happening behind that door was what he wanted to see. Peeping Tom wasn’t on his resume. It didn't matter, though. He had his reasons for coming here, anyway. Before she died, Genesis's aunt was a cop. Her old police scanner sat downstairs, out of sight, collecting dust. Her basement was a mess, full of clothes and toys the kids didn't use. Under a huge pile of clothes, on a bench, the machine sat. Samuel took it and split. Dressed and ready to go, Genesis opened her door to an empty hallway. She looked around the corner. The kids watched TV.
“Y’all see where Sam went?” she asked.
“I think he left,” Katlin told her. Genesis went back to her room confused. Back at his apartment, all there was, was himself, the scanner, and a toolbox in the middle of the living room floor. It took a while to get all of the dust off. He cracked the thing open and played with its circuits. This machine was easily ten, maybe twelve, years old. The were no guarantees, but he had to try. With a bit of tinkering and a few last twists of a small screw driver, he closed the scanner back up. Turning it on it made a loud static noise. Samuel twisted the knob ever so slightly. He was getting every frequency except the one he needed, McDonald’s drive-throughs and such. Turning it just a bit more, he found the right one.
“Yes,” he exclaimed putting his fists to the sky. Like police tend to do, the officers spoke in code, none of which Samuel understood. It took a little common sense to pull up police codes and their meanings on his phone. While doing his homework, he listened in for hours on hours. Sometimes it was dead silence and sometimes it was just small talk. He knew damn well that a city like Detroit should have been buzzing with crime. It was crazy, nothing was happening, or at least nothing was being reported. After a while, the same anxious energy that made him do all this tired him out. Night time had crept up on him. Startled, he was awakened by the loud static on the scanner. Samuel sat up wiping, his eyes. He sighed, looking over at his unfinished homework. While he stretched, his ears tuned into the scanner. It was a less than calming fire dispatch and that meant go time.
Right off of the Jeffries Freeway, around the corner from Monica Street, sat an old, white apartment building. The city had long wanted to tear it down, but the flames that burned inside were doing it for them. Like school was out, everyone who could scurried out of the building with shoves and the pushes. All the screaming and commotion gathered a crowd. There were people still trapped up there with no hope in sight. This shouldn't have even been a problem. A fire department was right on the corner. People pleading for help banged on their big red doors. No one was home. How was this happening when they needed them the most? Looking on was a little kid with spectacles. His father's hands were firmly attached to his shoulders as they were witnesses to the horror of their home being burned down. The flames shined so neatly before his lenses. He had never seen a fire like this, one devouring anything that came in contact with it. When all was lost, that's when the kid saw him. Cracking the cement, Samuel landed right in front of the building. The chattering of the startled started. It's him, he heard someone whisper.
“You can't go in there! You'll die,” a man stepped forward. Samuel gave him thumbs up as he headed into the heat. To the onlookers, he was fearless. On the inside, he was a sixteen-year-old heading into a thousand-degree inferno.
The place was falling apart at the seams. There wasn't much time. Of course, the first floor was clear. Quickly, he maneuvered his way up the steps.
“Anybody in here?!” he yelled all the way up. There was no answer. This place was hotter than hell, and the smoke was rising. On the third, he banged on every door. Still nothing. Samuel started using his ears instead of his fists. Past the crackles of fire, he heard someone moving above him. With haste, he ran to the nearest steps. Faster than he could move, they collapsed, taking him with them. Outside, everyone questioned the crash. The sirens from a fire truck from another department were approaching. Samuel coughed up under the wreckage. Swiftly, he rolled over, just barely escaping the caving ceiling above him. He had to make it back to the fourth floor. Destroying the floor beneath him, he leaped, ripping straight through the levels of wood. By the skin of his teeth, he grabbed onto a lone plank of floor and pulled himself up. The smoke was getting thicker and making it harder to breath. This building was on its last legs and he was doing more harm than good.
“Anybody!” he yelled at the very top of his lungs. Someone banged on the door. The door knobs must have been hot to the touch by now. Heaven was going to have a few more recruits if he didn't move.
“Back up!” Samuel yelled. At the count of three he rammed into the door, knocking it down. It was a mother, a father, and two little girls.
“Stick close,” he told them. By now the fire truck had arrived and the water hose was attached to the hydrant. Breaking the glass, a powerful stream broke into the building, knocking Samuel right off his feet. The family stepped back, unharmed. He was pressed up against the wall. Under all the pressure, he could barely move. Putting his hand out, he heated his body turning the water into steam as he drove it back.
“Move!” the kid yelled. The father peaked his head out the window. The firemen stopped the water. ASAP, they had a blanket for the people to jump into. Samuel fell to one knee, steaming. He watched the family get out. Luck wasn’t so accommodating when he tried to make his escape. Fire roared, windows shattered, and everyone ducked for cover. Strenuously, in the middle of it all, he absorbed what he could, taking the fire into his skin and all it had to offer. Not enough to stop the boom. Under the wood and under the glass, he laid in the aftermath with cuts and contusions.
“Not half bad,” *cough cough* he said with a smile.
With a couple of Band-Aids, Samuel sat in history class, looking at his phone under the desk. Smugly, he read an article on Detroit's mystery hero. Suddenly, his phone vibrated. It was a Kik, which was odd for his dry phone. It was from Genie_bethe_flyest, Genesis, of course. Samuel looked two rows over. Behind the teacher’s back, she waved so silly at him. Samuel smiled and opened the message.
“Imma die in this class,” she texted.
“Hell yea. This man loves to talk,” he replied.
“Sounds like somebody I know.”
“Shut yo bean head ass up. Gap having ass.”
“LMAO. Boy my head cute and you know it.”
“Whatever you say.”
“FUCK you okay. So, when can I see this apartment?”
“Ain't shit to see”.
“DEAD”.
“I'm for real, the struggle is really real out here.”
He looked over at her giggling. He loved to make her smile. Before he could look back, there the teacher was with his hand out. Samuel gave him the phone, no resistance.
“3:15, Mr. Mason” the teacher told him, jumping right back into the lesson. Samuel slumped in his chair. A paper ball hit his head. He looked over about to cut into someone.
“I’m sorry” Genesis mouthed. Samuel shrugged his shoulders, with a smirk. She smiled back. School was soon over and Samuel left with the masses. His head still hurt a little from last night. A long walk was exactly what he needed.
“Later fuck boy!” Taylin yelled zooming past him, with Genesis in the passenger side. Lovely, Samuel thought to himself. As he walked, he pulled his trusty headphones out. As the music played the birds and trees, the sounds of cars and the smells of the world all faded. It was Samuel, a melody, and a path. His surroundings became nothing to him. It wasn't smart but he loved music. Every now and again, he would see an all-black tented window suburban. The thing was a monster that could barely fit in a parking spot. More and more he was beginning to see it. Finally, after maybe four and a half or five blocks, he paid attention. At the end of a block he stopped, taking his headphones off. Across the street from him the truck sat. Samuel looked at the vehicle with suspicion. He tried to look inside with no success. Methodically, the driver side window rolled down. Time nearly stopped. A long arm poked out with a gun at the end of it. BLAM, BLAM, BLAM, shots fired. Without thought Samuel hit the deck behind a car. There was no time to think. On auto pilot, he gathered himself and bolted as fast as he could.
“Drive! Drive!” the shooters partners yelled. Quickly the car whipped around into the chase. All Samuel heard was the rumbling of his book bag. His muscles clenched as he feared what was next. For the life of it, the energy wouldn't kick in. It was funny like that. He had to focus.
“Fuck my life!” he yelled impatiently. The end of another block was approaching. In slow motion a blue van that didn't care about a stop sign was about to end it all. Like a true a jump man he leaped over it and not a moment too soon. On the other side, from the second his feet touched pavement the pace quickened.
“Who the hell are we chasing?” the driver asked as Samuel made them eat his dust.
“Be impressed on your own god damn time. Go faster!”
Down the city block Samuel had the speed and grace of a gazelle trying not to get caught in the teeth of a lion. It was a business-like building coming up. Bunch of suit and ties and brief cases. He ducked in their looking for safety. One truck became two and they came to a screeching halt in front of the vicinity in which they last saw him. One team went one way and one team went the other. They entered the center as if they were just regular people who had business to conduct. They put the bills of their hats down. From the balcony ahead, Samuel could see them closing in. He had to get going. Surely there was another exit. He jogged around looking for one. Samuel was home free as he saw a door but as soon as hope was given it was taken away. A gun was pressed to his spine.
“Walk,” he was told. With a face of salt, he did just that. Samuel was brought to a part of the building that was out of the way. It looked like it had been shut down for renovations or something of the sort. Tall pillars lined the wall on each side. Simultaneously three men stepped from behind one respectively.
“I gotta admit that was cute. Yall took time to plan that little NSYNC move, didn't yall?” Samuel asked.
He was pistol whipped in the back of the head. From the floor, he looked at his attackers. He scurried up, he wasn't getting stomped out again. Samuel fought but they were just better. One had him in a head lock while the others beat him. Samuel swung wildly but hit the air. He couldn't run from it any longer, he couldn't fight. The boy was strong though. He flipped the head holder off and went to the ground and pound. When his boys tried him, Samuel had something for them. They laid beneath him bruised, trying to gather themselves. He noticed something strange about them. Each one of them had a distinctive tattoo. It was of a symbol he had never seen before. Snapping him out his concentration the head holder spoke.
“You think we don't have back up you dumb trash.” Samuel kick him, knocking him to sleep. A flood of shady gentlemen came through the front doors. Before anything could pop off, Samuel found the nearest fire alarm and pulled it, disappearing into the mayhem.
Back home, the nights were rough. He laid in nothing but his boxers on the raggedy carpet floor, using his book bag as a pillow. The only light was coming from his phone. He had the craziest headache and he was stuck between two annoying neighbors, one a couple who was always at each other’s throats and another who always though it was time to turn up. Scrolling down his IG wasn't any better.
“This is why I don't get on Instagram,” he said to himself as he looked at the millionth time of Genesis posting Taylin as her MCM. He went back to google chrome, looking at how to fight for dummies. As he read, the symbol kept popping up in his mind. He called Gordon to put his questions at ease. In his room, Gordon sat on the side of his bed with sheets covering his bottom half. He rolled up a blunt as his phone rang.
“Waddup,” he answered in a I'm getting high type of voice.
“Nothin much…look you more street wise on any given day outta the two of us.”
“Yeah so?” he asked, before he took another hit.
“I need you to describe a symbol. A gang symbol I think.”
“Well I can't see through the phone. What’s it look like?” A naked Alexis, the football player’s girlfriend, tapped him on the shoulder. He handed her the blunt. On the other end of the line Samuel couldn't think of the words.
“Hold on,” he told him. Samuel got pen and paper out of his bag. Amazingly he drew the thing from memory and messaged it to him. In all the distortion of the symbol you could faintly see a snarling lion with its wild mane. The initials BK were deeply tattooed on its forehead.
“That's easy. BKsixes”.
“Like them band gang guys?”
“Please BK makes band gang shit they draws. Anything gang related…anything real that is, most likely is Bksix related. They handle the heavy shit. You know, drug trafficking, prostitution, not to mention smoking anyone who crosses their path. Why the sudden interest?”
“Don't worry bout it. AND I CAN HEAR HER IN THE BACKGROUND, STOP SMASHIN THAT BOY GIRL,” Samuel yelled. Gordon looked back at Alexis with a smile and took the blunt back.
For three nights straight, Samuel roughed up randoms trying to come across the tattoo. Its rarity said something in itself. It was the fourth night when the kid was on a roof top suiting up. He stared down the Sunoco gas station across the street. Preparing himself, he walked on location. On the side of the building stood an old homeless man.
“My friend would you be so kind as to spare a piece of change?” the old man asked. Samuel turned, the black bandana tied around his face. The old man spoke not another word. He didn't mean to scare him but that's the look he gave off. Inside two guys gave the old Arab man behind the glass trouble.
“You can't stay in here. For the last time, GET OUT!”
They laughed at him.
“Yeah pops soon as I steal some more chips I'm on my way. His homie threw him another bag of hot Cheetos, as he got himself another juice. Stuff like this happened all the time. They knew the old man worked the night shift, so this was their favorite time to come in and get what they wanted for free.
“That's it! I'm calling the cops on you assholes. I don't have to deal with this,” the owner said with his phone raised to his ear. Cheeto boy raised his shirt showing the gun.
“You sure that’s what you wanna do? I know for a fact the lock on that door is broke, and all I would have to do is come back there and light yo ass up. I'm tired of you Arabs anyway. Always sweating me when all I want is some chips. Shoulda just left shit alone,” he pulled his gun.
“I bet if he was just ten years younger you two would be on yo asses,” Samuel stepped in.
“Bro, who is this? The lone ranger? Get outta here before I smoke you, too.” The dudes friend started slapping his shoulder.
“What?!”
“BRO! That's that dude who been running around saving people. You ain't seen the news?”
“Nice to be recognized,” Samuel said.
“I don't care who he is, he dead now”. Before he could even get a shot off Samuel threw him in the air, crashing him into the light fixture. He caught Cheeto boy by his shirt.
“Oh shit,” he said repeatedly as his feet dangled. His homie quickly got an orange crush out the cooler and busted it right over Samuel's head. His face went into shock as it did nothing. With ease, Samuel flicked him, into the glass cooler door.
“Back to you. Bksix. I wanna know everything you know. Cheeto boy breathed heavily through his nose. In that moment, he decided. He was gonna be the tough guy.
“I ain't tellin you shit, bitch!” Samuel laughed. He banged him into the ceiling once more.
“How bout now?” he asked. Cheeto boy gulped.
“Bro, how you know we know anything about this BKsix?”
“Don’t matter how I know. I know SO TALK.”
“That's not fair!”
“When is it ever?”
“Alright, Alright, right, BKsix, right? Uh, uh they operate around that nightclub on six mile. Guy named Buddy or Bundy, I don't know. He's the leader I guess, I swear to God that's all I know. I'm not even a member yet. I’m still in the recruitment stage.” Samuel dropped him.
“Man, that's all it took? For real? At least let me break a pinky. Dawg if you worked for me I would've killed you. Gang life is obviously not for you.” When he was done, he had a moment to look around the place.
“Sorry bout the store. Insurance will cover it right? Right. Uh…feel free to call the cops on these ass wipes.” The owner’s brain was still stuck in the moments in between. Samuel was about to walk out when he remembered something.
He took all the money off Cheeto boy and his friend, and then headed out.
“You should go away from here. from here,” Samuel said as he handed the money to the old homeless man.
“Ga-God bless you,” he said.
“No biggie.” Samuel zoomed off, leaving red faded after images forever lagging behind him. After witnessing that the bum could do nothing but take his pint of gin to the head.
For Samuel, there was only one place Cheeto boy could have been talking about. The next stop, the Three Levels of Sin nightclub. It was the most famous club in the whole city. Was it in a glamourous area, no. A gas station and a clinic could be found right across the street. Anyone, twenty-one years of age of course, could get a prostitute, a stiff drink and lose all of their money in the same place. Out front there was a long line of people who wanted to get in, all of them with nice clothes and jewelry, the lavish things they trashed a whole check on. From the roof across the street Samuel watched as the bouncer bounced anybody deemed lame. Samuel knew he wasn't mister cool, he didn't even come close, but that could be fixed. A bigshot walked out the club with a bunch numbers on napkins. He was a grimy guy, the type that after he hit he wasn't calling the girl ever again. He had to walk past this dark alley to get to his Camaro. When he passed that dark alley a tongue clicked. He turned to see what it was. Instantly, he was jerked into the shadows. Samuel left the alley looking sharp as ever with a red Polo Ralph Lauren shirt, white True Religion jeans and wheat Timberland boots. He waited in the long line until he got to the front. With a flash of ID, he was in. In his mind, he thanked Gordon once more. The first floor was the club, loud and hype. A sinful red tent, muggy air. The sexual charges could have been cut with a knife. Young girls shook everything they had and young men enjoyed. Samuel moved through the thick crowd. He scoped the place out. He was becoming skeptical. Down the steps, he went. The next level was a little more explicit. A certain mist filled the air as strippers did their seductive routines. All you could smell was stench of lust, sweat, and the hint of old one dollar bills. This was a teenaged boys dream, everywhere he looked there were more than half naked women. Samuel made it through the room, making sure to take his gawks. Out of the exit was a long dark hallway and he was going to follow it where ever it led. Walking down, a light peeking from the edges of a door revealed the entrance to the bathroom. A woman side tracked him before he could get in. Gently she leaned him up against the wall. Her breasts pressed against his chest.
“Hi handsome,” she said in an oh so tantalizing voice. With a mix of shock and excitement he was quiet. By now there was only blood in one place of his body and it wasn't his brain. Obviously, Samuel didn't receive much contact like this. He could barely speak. Even in the murky setting her outfit more than revealed her gifted body. She was in the tightest of all white fishnet dresses.
“H-hi,” was the best he could muster. Pretty girls always knocked the grit right out of him. In that moment of shyness, he realized this is how Sam would act. This is what Sam would do in front of a pretty girl. Right now, he wasn't Sam if he was being technical. There was no embarrassment nor any strings attached to this persona of his. Why not be who he wanted to be, unapologetically? He manned up. Samuel stood as tall as he could just a few inches off of six feet. He wrapped his arms just above her bottom.
“Wanna come with me and get a private dance?” she asked.
“Next time sweetheart,” he said with a confident bass to his voice”. Slowly and softly she kissed him on the cheek. She tried to lean off of him. Samuel clenched her.
“A name. I need a name,” Samuel said.
“And what name would that be handsome?” she asked.
“Bundy” he whispered to her. Instantly she stood up right with a look of uncertainty.
“Are you sure?” she asked.
“Positive,” he answered. She became stern and formal
“As you wish.” She led and Samuel followed. They went down two flights of steps and walked until they came upon a big wooden door of clandestine.
“Final answer?” she asked. Samuel nodded. He gulped not knowing what he was heading into. She strained, but pulled the door open. He stared into what seemed like a dark abyss.
“There's nothing there.”
“Step in,” she told him. Samuel did. With a bang the door shut right behind him. He whipped around startled. She hadn't entered with him. Saw that coming, he thought. In these moments there was a deafening silence.
“You asked for it handsome”. In what seemed like a void, a door rose into the ceiling pouring light on him. Now he could hear voices everywhere, chanting, even shouting. He walked out into the light. Walls surrounded him in a colosseum-like fashion. It was some type of barbaric pit, where gladiators met boxing. At the very top sat a crowd of onlookers, loud and ornery such as the old citizens of Rome. Samuel watched a bloody and limp body being dragged from the ring.
“New meat!” the crowd yelled as they laid eyes upon him. Samuel gazed at them. In the very center, up top sat a young man at least in his mid-twenties with a stocky build. His hair was black and curly like sheep's wool. A patch of hair sat just under his chin. Luxurious Cartier glasses covered his eyes and he wore all black expensive clothing with a purple blazer. His Rolex could be seen from anywhere. Strippers stood calmly at his side, one feeding him and the other braiding his hair. Samuel had to admit it was pretty fly. That had to be Bundy. The same girl that tried to seduce him now walked to sit at Bundy's side. Maybe she was his Queen, she was sure enough beautiful. The girl was maybe 19 years old, with short stature. Her black hair was flawlessly tied into a bun and her baby hairs were so immaculate. Her hazelnut skin was smooth and vibrant. Dark blue eye shadow sat on her eye lids and a silver septum nose ring finished her look. They were like the celebrities that could afford the high-priced seats at ring side. At Bundy's very command the crowd ceased in their chanting. He snapped his finger at one of his women. On command she fetched his M16 with the scope and grenade launcher. He stood and pointed it directly at Samuel.
“Well look who we have everybody. It's that super idiot from the news running around savin everything. I'm in a good mood so I'll give you a chance to explain why you're here.” Samuel stood not a flinch in him looking up.
“Of course, you’re in a good mood. Fat boys like you are always happy. Especially when you just got done eating.” Everybody snickered. Bundy gave them all the look of death, quieting them. You could see he was so angry but he calmed himself realizing who he was.
“Good one,” he stepped back. “I'll just let my number one contender do the speaking then if that's alright with you.”
“Save it. I can't be beat,” Samuel boasted.
“We'll see. Que the dramatics,” Bundy took a seat at his throne. The lights dimmed. Samuel tensed. An unseen announcer spoke.
“INTRODUCING!!!! THE MOST TERRIFYING! THE MOST VICIOUS! THE MOST CRUEL! NO ONE IS ABOVE. ALEEEXXIIII THE TERRIBLE!” The crowd split like the red sea spitting Alexi the terrible from among them. With a thud, he dropped into the pit. This man was tall as the Eiffel and chiseled like stone art work. Samuel didn't budge though.
“Jesus Christ, what do you feed this thing?” the kid asked. The crowd up top was amused.
“Sixty seconds,” Bundy made a personal bet. The queen watched on with still face. She couldn't put her finger on it but it was more to this vigilante than anyone here could see. Bundy leaned back in his chair ready for his amusement to commence. Samuel gave Alexi the up down.
“A big Russian with tattoos that likes to fight. I'm guessing your mother named you cliché.” The Russian gave a smile of hazard. In each corner a pair of boxing gloves were thrown down. In all his arrogance, Samuel threw the gloves at Alexi's face.
“Bare knuckle.” As those words parted from his lips the two met in the center.
“Stupid black boy. You will die.”
“We’ll see who’s stupid.” They went to their corners. Ding.
Samuel walked right in. Hands up sloppily. Feet with no class. He leaped, trying to deliver a nasty hook. He was caught with a skilled right. His knees buckled. He was a virgin to being hit with such power and precision. The crowd laughed and Alexi raised his hands. He spit, done with the bout.
“HE'S TRASH,” Alexi yelled in his thick Russian accent.
“Guess this fool ain't so SUPER” a voice said amongst the crowd. If it's one thing he couldn't stand it was being laughed at. Samuel wiped the blood from his mouth and pushed himself from the ground.
“HEY BITCH,” he spit blood at Alexi. “I ain't done.”
With an 80 inch reach it wasn't hard for the Russian to come right back and start teeing off at his head. Short little Samuel tried to move, tried to duck, tried to slip but the beating just kept coming. Every second of every moment his neck was snapping back from a jab or a hook. He had to get away as fast as he possibly could. Before he knew it, his back touched rope. Alexi was relentless. He pummeled the kid. Samuel put his hands up, his elbows tucked in. With a last flurry of hands, Alexi stepped to the side and let Samuel hit the floor, lights out. The crowd went into an uproar and Alexi was still the undefeated champ. Now, Samuel had a cartoon lump and he was looking dumber than ever. The queen squinted her eyes. Damn, she thought.
“You know what this is Alexi. To the death,” Bundy told him.
“My lucky day,” the Russian said with a smile. He turned around ready to finish the drop. The crowd's face had gone dead, smiles gone and laughs faded. Alexi turned around and there Samuel was in the corner with his guard up and ready to fight. You could see it in his eyes that it was go time. He came back with an almost impregnable defense. Alexi went to the body. It was enough to make any man upchuck blood. Samuel threw a sloppy right. Alexi came with the demolishing uppercut. Samuel fell to one knee.
“Again,” Samuel growled, a red spark crossed his eye. His back to the wall, he rose as an animal enraged. They scrapped, nothing pretty about it. Alexi was overwhelmed with this little Tasmanian devil. His fists could no longer find their mark. When he was at his most flustered, Samuel took him by the arm and whipped him into the ropes. He bounced off. Too much momentum, no way he could stop. The kid connected with a straight right hand, flooring the brute. Veins popping out his neck and all, he yelled to the crowd triumphantly. The queen smiled. Bundy didn't like it, not one bit. His subjects though cheered for the thrill.
“Best you got?” Samuel asked taking huffs and puffs. Bundy looked at his other fighters.
“I don’t know what’s funny, cuz if he doesn't die, you all do.” In droves, everybody dropped in all around him. Samuel stood with his back to a column. Each and every man looked straight from the UFC octagon. All his life, if there was one thing Eric taught him, it was how to take a punch and so he did. It was the gas station parking lot all over again. Turmoil, combat, this was his element now. The situation was becoming more fun than dangerous. Samuel shuffled his feet as his strength, speed, and agility grew
“Easy work,” he shouted, standing amid his nullified and frustrated aggressors.
“HIT HIM!” Bundy yelled jumping from his seat. Samuel flipped Bundy off. In his hubris, he was tackled from behind. As fast as they could they dog piled him, trying to break him. He watched the light disappear from his eyes as they covered him body by body. Samuel strained but he couldn't lift them. He was being stabbed, stomped and everything else. His rage was boiling. With a scream, he let out a burst of energy scattering everyone. Everything became silent. If she thought he was special before, she knew it now. Beaten, the confused men looked to Bundy.
“What are y’all looking at me for? Finish the job!”
“They’re not going to win,” the queen said. He looked at her and grunted. He knew she was right.
“Fuck it.” Bundy rose and pointed his gun. So casually, he launched a grenade into the pit. It would have been nothing to Samuel if it was just him in the pit, but there were people in there, maybe not innocent, but people all the same. He caught the grenade before anyone had to suffer its wrath. Center stage he fought to contain the frag. His whole body vibrated as the air between his hands became warped and distorted. The space grew bigger and bigger until it exploded in his face, thrashing him into a column.
“You all are pathetic,” Bundy told them. Samuel became half-conscious as he was dragged to the roof. Bundy stood in front of Samuel as his men held him by the arms in front of the ledge. For the life of him, he couldn't catch his second wind. Helpless to say the least.
“Muthafucka comes to my club like he's the big bad wolf.” His men laughed. Bundy paused to look at this off brand vigilante.
“Tell God I said hi.”
He ripped the bandana from Samuel's face and booted him off the roof, 300 style. The cringe worthy bone breaking could be heard as he hit the cement. Bundy threw his cigar down and put it out with his foot.
“Go pick the fucker up. Dead body outside is bad for business. Don't care what you do with him.”
Had he met his match so early? A kid out of his depth.

IV. THE TECH SAVY PROSTITUTE
An off-white ceiling. The smell of a Grape backwoods. The feel of suede on his skin. The unrelenting ache. The subtle hint of a dim light hidden by drapes.
“I swear this is the last time I wake up and don't know where I am,” he muttered.
He started to sit up, agony stopped him in his tracks, his body riddled with scars and bruises.
“I wouldn't do that if I were you,” a voice said from the unlit corner of the room. Samuel jumped at the sight of the queen, dressed in an average attire.
“Where am I?” he asked.
“You’re in my apartment, couple blocks from the club. Bundy's not here. Relax.”
“Relax?! You led me into a complete trap last night.”
“Last night? Try a couple of days ago.”
“Shit,” Samuel laid back down
“I'm sorry. No matter how you met Bundy it would have been unpleasant. Especially with the vibe you were on.” Samuel managed to twist his body off the couch and get his feet on the floor.
“Seriously, stop moving. I'm no doctor but anyone could see you're a strong wind away from death.”
“Been there, done that.”
“Which brings me to my question, what are you?” she asked so seriously. Samuel couldn't help but chuckle.
“Couldn't tell you if I wanted to sweetheart.” Samuel got it together and tried to stand. He collapsed in on himself. The queen tried to come to his aid, but he motioned her not to. He got to his feet and found his way to her kitchen. Tired and hungry, Samuel leaned his head on her refrigerator. Slowly, he opened the door and helped himself to some Boston Market left overs.
“Well, cool beans,” she said, seeing him chow down, uninvited. He sat down at her kitchen table as he ate.
“At least warm it up.”
“So, we gonna be civil here?” Samuel asked.
“What?” she spoke as if she was confused.
“The gun. It's tucked in your pants. It won't kill me.”
“In this shape, I think a blade of grass could kill you,” she said putting the gun on the table. Samuel laughed but soon stopped with the sharp pain in his side.
“I imagined doing what you do, you didn't wanna go to a hospital.”
“Well aren't you bright. Now comes MY QUESTIONS. First being, why'd you save me?”
“You seemed special,” she said with the shrug of her shoulders.
“Glad I impressed, but don't try to slick a can of oil.” She lit the backwoods on her counter and took a puff.
“Alright, truth, I want in. I saw what you could do last night. You shoulda won, but you walked in blind. You had no idea what was in the place, or what was going down.”
“You, help me? Don't make me laugh. Seriously it hurts.”
“I'M SERIOUS. I don't enjoy what Bundy makes me do. I hate the whole damn system. I wanna bring it down just like you.”
His tone became more inquisitive. “What exactly does Bundy's queen do?”
“Bundy's queen?”
A forceful knock at the door broke up the little Q&A.
“Who the hell is that?” Samuel asked.
“Like I can see through walls! Whoever it is, you need to make yourself disappear.”
“Don't think I'm going much of anywhere, like this.” The queen quickly helped him to her room and slid him in the closet.
“Stay quiet.”
“Bring my food back,” Samuel whispered. The queen smacked her lips at him.. It was Larry, the fat bar level regular, a true drunk and a customer in one of her less glamourous businesses.
“What do you want Larry?” she asked, already tedious of his presence.
“I don't play roles. You know what I want.”
“Besides food, no, I don't know what you want. Be more specific Larry.”
“C'mon. Don’t play dumb.” She rolled her eyes
“Not now.”
“You too busy for a blue strip?”
“Larry! Not now. Leave. I’m in the middle of somethin.”
“Pshh,” he pushed his way in.
She attempted to pull him by the arm. “Get out of my house, Larry!”
He knocked her on her ass. “This ain’t even no house, hoe. You juss coulda played nice. You know good and well Bundy told you to take care of me whenever and wherever.”
“Problem?” Samuel asked, walking out her room.
Larry turned around, startled. “So now I gotta tell my cousin you got men comin in and outta here. Unless he a customer y’all in trouble.”
“Naw my guy. Nobodies in trouble here. Go home. Go chill. Just get outta here.” He looked over to the queen. Stop, she mouthed. I got this, he mouthed back.
“Who is this?” Larry looked to her. Samuel kicked him in the back making him fumble into the wall. Dazed he laid on the ground.
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!” The queen asked hysterically.
“That was bad ass, right?” Samuel raised his hand for an unmet high five.
“WHAT THE HELL!” she yelled running to the kitchen.
“WHAT?! I'm helping.”
Frantically, Serenity ran back with a gun and a pillow. Not even now was Samuel fast enough to react when she bumped him out the way. She threw the pillow over his head and pulled the trigger. Cold flash backs of the liquor store stoned Samuel. He tried his best to contain himself.
“What. Did you. Just do?” he asked as calmly as possible.
“That was Bundy's cousin. If he told Bundy some shit like I didn't take care him or that I had some random dude up here, Bundy would beat me to a full body cast and I'm not going back to that again.” Samuel stepped forward. Instantly she pointed the gun at him, stopping him cold.
“You really gon shoot me?” he asked.
“You gon turn me in! You look like a snitch!” Samuel got to one knee over Larry's body.
“I'm not gon turn you in, and I'm not leaving you to Bundy either”.
“How do I know I can trust you?” she asked.
“You don't. You just have to,” He told her blatantly. She looked at him with a face of worry and woe. And there it was, a knock at the door they both knew was coming. She lowered the gun, both nodded their head in agreement. In a flash, the body and Samuel was out of sight. The queen cracked open her door to a crowd of people and stuck her head out.
“Everything alright in there?”
Those nosey neighbors knew what gunshots sounded like.
“Of course. I tripped. Been clumsy all my life. Sorry for the disturbance,” she said awkwardly, shutting the door. They looked amongst each other with raised eyebrows and pessimism. On the other side of the door, the queen let out a sigh.
“Really?” Samuel asked.
“Shut up”. For the next hour, Samuel sat on the couch eating, while Serenity tried to scrub the blood out of the carpet. Samuel took a bite of his sandwich and put it down.
“You know sweet heart two days ago I could be summed up as some super powered nut running around on rough tops and now I’m an accomplice to murder. So, either I’m missing a few steps or you just plunged me in deep shit.”
“You wanted to play hero. I had it under control,” she said scrubbing hard as she could.
“If you say so,” Samuel said.
“Look, if you’re not going to help just shut up.”
“Why? It's you in trouble. As far as Bundy knows I'm dead.” She went back to scrubbing with a look of disappointment. Samuel got down on his knees and grabbed a brush.
“I wanna know what Bundy's queen did for him. Job description.” She wiped the sweat off her forehead.
“I'm damn sure not Bundy's Queen. Yeah, I looked pretty on his lap yesterday but don't get it twisted. I'm…I’m a slave more than anything.”
“Y'all two looked cuffed up and everything last night. You know like emperor and empress.” She looked down as if she was ashamed with her reality.
“Eh,” he leaned up. “If it makes you feel any better. I'm a weirdo with an obvious death wish. Who dresses in all black and runs into burning buildings?”
He managed a chuckle out of her. She loosened herself, taking a deep breath.
“Dancer, bartender, prostitute. Okay? Don't you fuckin judge me.”
“Never.”
Samuel looked at her with unchanging eyes. Most didn't. “You gotta story?” Samuel asked.
“Not a short one.”
“I'm late for school anyway.”
“School? How old are you?”
“Sixteen.” The queen’s reaction was so visible.
“Damn! Now that I look at you, you do got bit of a kid look.” Samuel smirked.
“Guess I can't get that lap dance now.”
“Hit me up in a year or two.” The two shared a laugh.
“I'm Samuel.”
“Serenity Jones. So, is this how you meet most of your friends, over a dead body?” Samuel rubbed the back of his neck.
“Uh…I really only have two,” Samuel said, a bit embarrassed.
“Make that three now.”
He smiled. “So, what do we do with big boy over here? Chop him up and throw him in the freezer, on some sick Dexter shit or go Breaking Bad with some acid?”
“This ain't TV. Our lives are at stake.”
“Bundy only won round one. It ain't over. Find the bullet shells and bleach your arms to get the gun residue off, same for the carpet. I'll straighten the place up, then we'll figure out what's next.”
On this foggy morning, while the kid was busy cleaning messes the police chief, Sullivan Gennady, was giving a press conference in front of Police headquarters. He stood tall and firm, with a strong jaw and aging peachy skin. The press smothered him with questions, about the city's new vigilante. They threw everything at him and Gennady couldn't dodge too well.
“Chief Gennady. What do you say to reports of the city owning its own vigilante?!”
“I say it's a myth dreamed up by someone with too much time. Next Question.”
“Chief Gennady. Sarah Florence from Fox 2. How can you deny the multiple and explicit photos of this mysterious figure?”
“Miss you’re very young. In the twenty-first century, it's amazing how Photoshop can prey on the minds of the weak. That's all I have to say on the matter.” The reporters clamored for more as their chief left. Getting in his squad car, he took a deep breath and the usual treatment for the stress. While waiting for his driver he pulled down his mirror. He was shocked to say the least at the sight of the short little man, Greg Lanier, in his back seat. He knew something was wrong.
“What does he want with me now?” Gennady almost whined.
“That was a decent attempt at diplomacy back there. I'm shocked.”
“Shut up.” Lanier cleared his throat. He pulled the tablet out of his pocket, handing it to Gennady.
“What the hell am I supposed to do with this?” he asked. The tablet clicked on.
“I told you no press on this. Did I not Gennady?” the man asked.
“The press has been hassling me for weeks. Detroit wants to know who their new hero in a bandana is.”
“I'll say this once more. This man is valuable to me beyond anything. I don't need the whole world knowing about him. Handle it.”
“Sir, there’s something else. About the apartment building fire, the other day. I know you wanted that property still intact but….”
“Stop. I don’t need to be reminded of your many failings. This will be taken care of. All will be forgiven if you can ensure my little endeavor will be kept under wraps. If not. You are well aware of such consequences.” Gennady died a little each time they had a conversation, a little piece of his pride and sanity chipped off with every word.
“Destroy that, and I was never here,” Lanier said as he got out of the car. Seconds later Gennady's driver came. His partner just looked at him.
“Boss? You look like you've seen a ghost.”
“Just drive,” he told him, letting his head fall back.
Back in the apartment, Serenity paced back and forth. Samuel sat on the couch with his arms folded and eyes closed trying to think.
“You know you should really be more worried.”
“I always figure it out in the end. I’m pretty smart.”
“Okay Mr. genius. HURRY UP!”
“My vote is still for the acid.”
“STOP PLAYING! THIS IS NOT A JOKE. WE'RE WHAT?! TWO BLOCKS AWAY FROM THE NIGHTCLUB. WORD TRAVELS FAST. BUNDY WILL QUESTION ME TONIGHT. LARRY IS AT THAT BAR DAMN NEAR EVERDAY. NOT TO MENTION IF SOMEONE'S STILL FEELIN CURIOUS CALLS THE POLICE.”
“Nobody’s calling anybody. If this is anything like my neighborhood which I'm betting it is. Unless there's money involved or own personal interest nobody cares,” he laughed.
Serenity groaned.
“Don't get mad. I laugh at bad situations. It's my thing. Go get the blanket off your bed.” She did as she was told. Samuel wrapped Larry in it.
“I'm gonna carry him down the fire escape, meet me around back with your car.”
“Don't have one.” Samuel looked at her funny. “I can get one though”
“Good.” Thankfully, Serenity was the only one smart enough to know that the cameras inside and outside of the building, were just for show. A place like this couldn't afford around the clock surveillance. She covered her head and waltzed in the apartment parking lot. With a skillful hand, she took a screw driver to the lock and hotwired the car before anyone could notice. Samuel was just coming down the ladder as she arrived. Quickly, the body was dumped in the trunk. Off they, road to dump the body.
Same day, evening time, the temperature had dropped. The wind made it no better. It was so like Michigan to be able to see your breath before winter. Samuel knocked on his best friend’s door. The kid was tense right now. A little spooked too, jittery. He didn’t know where else to go. He had nobody to talk to about his days, his adventures. Maybe I should tell her, he thought. His life was different now. Not better, not easier, different. Samuel was pretty sure he could bench press a car. In what kind of hell do you have to keep quiet about that? Michelle answered, breaking his pondering.
“Who is it?”
“Who else knocks at your door?!”
“It's just you. It's always you. Why do you look like you’ve had ten cups of coffee?”
“Don’t worry bout it.”
“Whatever Sam.”
“Well who pissed in your cereal?”
Down the hall, coming closer to Genesis's room, he heard something between a giggle and a moan. He couldn’t really tell. Samuel slid her door open easy, almost with caution. He paid for not announcing himself. Genesis and Taylin sat at the foot of her bed, his mouth on her neck and his hands nowhere decent. Her eyes sat at the back of her head. It took microseconds for him to pick up his feelings.
“Amateur teenage porn. Just great,” Samuel said. Taylin didn't stop but Genesis opened her eyes. She started slapping his back trying to get him to stop.
“Girl what?!” he asked. Genesis pointed. Taylin turned around.
“Oh, what up fuck boy.”
“I know three letters might be kinda hard for someone like you but try your best. Say SAAAAAM. See, easy, right?”
“Whatever you say, fuck boy.”
The two entered a stare down. From the side line Genesis wondered how she was going to get these two egos to coexist. Third wheel it was for Samuel. Pretty soon the trio was watching some b-rate mystery movie that Genesis found on Netflix. A paper-thin plot that Samuel’s mind burned through. These college students had killed someone and now their lives were devoted to covering it up. As stupid as it was it was stirring up emotions in Samuel. To watch someone, go cold, to watch somebody breath their last breath and lose everything that makes them, them, it was bone chilling to say the least. Watching Genesis and Taylin together had only made Samuel recced into the corners of his mind where he obsessed over what happened this morning and at the liquor store. How many times did dumping a body come back to bite someone? Even worse, what happens to a 16-year-old charged with murder? The fear was rising, he felt these malevolent butterflies in his stomach, like the elevator he was in dropped way too fast. With a panic like this the nausea wasn't far behind. Samuel jumped up and ran to the bathroom, just left of her room. Genesis and Taylin broke from their flirt, wondering why Samuel spazzed out. They came to a stop seeing Samuel with his head in the toilet, losing his lunch. Taylin laughed. Genesis hit him. He still chuckled. Miserably, Samuel heaved.
“Okay. That's my que,” Taylin said with a smile. Genesis turned and stood on her toes to give him a kiss. Samuel lifted his head half way out the crapper. Taylin looked Samuel right in the eye as he kissed Genesis. An animal marking his territory. Fully, she turned her mind towards her friend. Genesis got down on her knees and rubbed the back of his head, making sure he was alright. So, embarrassed, Samuel had to leave as soon as possible. A front row seat to the little porno he walked in on didn't help either. At the speed it took a teenage girl to get on the phone, Genesis had her back to the bed and her feet propped up on the wall, talking on the phone with Karmen.
“HE DID WHAT?!” she asked hysterically
“ You know you heard me. He walked in on me and Taylin.”
“TMI. TMI,” Karmen screamed.
“Shut up, I know you ain't talkin,” Genesis told her. Karmen giggled, keeping her thoughts to herself.
“That must have broke his little heart to see HIS Genesis like that.” Genesis rolled her eyes as hard as humanly possible.
“What makes everybody think he's so into me? I mean we been friends forever.”
“Well let’s see. Following you around like a puppy dog. The willingness to do anything and everything for you, I mean shit, he's over yo house damn near every day, not to mention the little flirts, THAT YO LITTLE ASS ALLOWS.”
“Okay so he feels for me. SO, WHAT? We been….”
“Friends forever bitch, I know. You said that already. It's whatever, though. If you like it, I love it,” Karmen agreed.
By now, Samuel should’ve been home and he would have if it weren’t for this weird feeling he had at the back of his neck. This feeling that something was there that shouldn't be. So much like himself he threw on his hood and kept it moving. Like the teeny tiny little mice that scurried across kitchen floors, every now and again he could see shadows moving behind cars and trees, anything to keep whoever out of sight. He was too brave with these new abilities. He stepped out in the middle of the street. He didn’t scream or yell, nothing too dramatic.
“Look, for the love of God, I don’t have time for this, SO PLEASE, come out already.”
Spiraling through the air came a dart. Like it was nothing, Samuel caught it between two fingers.
“Gotta be quicker than that.”
He looked around trying to find the culprit. From each and every direction darts rained upon him. Stepping and moving he didn't get hit once.
“WHOEVER YOU ARE, YOU CAN'T SHOOT FA SHIT!”
Now they went for it, four deep they rose from behind the oddest of places. Shadows were now men all closing in on Samuel. The kid was shot on sight. He fell flat to the ground. The men circled Samuel with their guns trained on him. They came closer and closer to confirm his death.
“You idiot, we had strict orders to keep him alive.”
“Well, shit. He was runnin.”
“Doesn't matter now, boss is gonna kill us.”
“Aw Jeez.” They looked down at their victim. Samuel's eyes opened, bright red, all too scary against the dark surroundings. They jumped back.
“ZOMBIE! SHOOT EM IN THE HEAD. SHOOT EM IN THE HEAD!”
Samuel’s body levitated until he was upright in a freakily possessed manner. The gun man fled. Samuel threw his arms out, spreading his fingertips. A new novelty was here. Every bit of energy that bullet carried was absorbed in his body. It coursed through his veins down to his hands. What were once fingers became automatics, rapidly dispersing energy any and everywhere. The kid had no type of aim as he lit up the night. Predator was now prey running for their lives. Samuel laughed like a mad man having the time of his life. A stray beam hit a car sending it to kingdom come. The explosion was so loud it set off at least every alarm in a two-block radius. Samuel smiled having sent the shooters packing, but something was off, he didn't feel so hot. His vision blurred. The weight of his own body fought him. Samuel collapsed, locked in his own body, too tired to even think. A black SUV pulled on the scene. Quick and clean, Samuel's body was lugged into the back and rolled off before anyone was the wiser.
The man who was covered by darkness sat quietly looking out the window at the passing neighborhoods. He was surrounded by armed watchmen and sitting across from him was his right hand man, Greg Lanier.
“Is the lab prepped?” he asked.
“Ready upon arrival sir.” He paused himself not sure if he should ask what came to his mind.
“Sir may I ask you a question?”
“You may,” he answered without even looking to him.
“It took us decades of work. Blood. Sweat. Sacrifice. Death. You own this city and everyone in it. Whatever this kid has can't be anywhere near as valuable as that. I mean if I had that kind of power I would sit back and enjoy it. Even with your current trial you spoke with so much hope for the future. About breaking out, revealing yourself. You even spoke of political aspirations. I don't understand.”
The man was silent for a moment almost as if he was ignoring Lanier, yet he turned to him. In not a terrorizing nor demanding tone he spoke.
“You're not meant to understand. Everything I do. All the knowledge I’ve procured. All I've seen and endured. Do you really think it was to rule over a place as small as Detroit or even Michigan? It was to be cut from the cloth of a Genghis Khan or Alexander the Great. To keep expanding. I shall be the master of all I survey. When I caught wind of that shard years ago. Imagined, dreamed of what it could do. My perception of power changed. I yearn for the kind that matters.”
The words he spoke put everyone on notice of just how serious he was. At the back, in the third vehicle Samuel's body laid under a tarp. After forty-five minutes, he was just now barely able to move his big toe. He was conscious all the while and knew to stay quiet, no sudden moves, armed protectors all around him. Samuel focused trying to snap out of whatever this was. With one last clench, his muscles unfroze. He felt like he had just broken out from a big block of ice. Smooth like, he got his phone out of his pocket.
On her nightstand, Serenity's phone vibrated as she received a text, too bad she had some slob on top of her. She grabbed her phone and was amazed to see it was Samuel. Serenity wondered how he even got her number. He needed her help that’s what mattered because right now he was the only man that could get rid of Bundy. If she could be any help she had to get this slacker off her. Instead of lying there like some corpse, she moved with him instead of against him, moaning slowly and sexily. She told him everything that his wife at home most definitely wouldn’t. He had no choice but to finish. He rolled off of her sweaty and satisfied. She pulled the sheet up to her neck and told him to leave the money on the night stand. As soon as he was gone she got to her computer. Samuel wanted his phone tracked ASAP.
In the back of the SUV Samuel gripped his phone tightly and took the little energy it had to offer. He kicked the back door right off its hinges and rolled out to the concrete. All three SUV's came to a screeching halt. His body rolled at least ten feet before he stopped. Looking up it was like he saw the light at the end of the tunnel, just in time he rolled out the way of an incoming eighteen-wheeler. He took a sigh of relief until he was kicked in the stomach. He rolled over on the grass off the freeway. They were just heading out of Michigan. All the guards were out of their cars and all over Samuel. He fought back as hard as he could, even taking two of them out. Reality hit in the form of a butt of a gun. Samuel was on his knees holding a nose that was gushing blood. Not that he was complaining but he wondered why the beating had stopped all of sudden. The guards had put their guns at ease. A look at an opening SUV said it all. The man who was covered by darkness stepped in front of him calm, cool, and collected. He gripped young Samuel by the jaw. It was so dark, their faces in and out of the darkness as unsuspecting vehicles drove by with their head lights.
“Ignorant. You hold power unimaginable and you don't even know how to use it.” Samuel got lost in those heartless eyes. “How does someone like you get a hold of the most powerful weapon on planet earth?”
To look at Satan himself was the feeling he got. If he was to stay with this man it wouldn't end well. One parlor trick left, Samuel thought. The man turned still ranting and raving. When his back was turned that's when Samuel made his move. He tensed every muscle in his hand, letting out a blinding red flash. When everyone got their vision back Samuel was gone. The man turned around amazed. Although no one could see it he was pleased. Possibility and potential was strong with the child.
An absurd walking distance later, Samuel made his way down the freeway. Serenity pulled up in a car. She leaned over opening the door for Samuel. With a breath of relief he fell in, exhausted.
“You look…..not dead,” she tried to make the best of things. Samuel wearily shook his head about to fall asleep. She just kept her eyes on the road.
“Thank you,” he said. Serenity looked over and gave a slight nod. Everything was quiet as they rolled off heading back to Detroit.
The next day, one of his later classes was letting out. Just as he was about to walk out the teacher called him up to his desk. No words were spoken when he handed Samuel his first D+ ever. His heart sank, it was like he walked straight into the twilight zone. Samuel looked at him, he wanted this mediocre grade so bad to be the teachers fault but he knew it was the late nights and getting his head beat in.
“Even YOU need to study Mr. Mason,” he told Samuel, almost taking pleasure in it. He threw it in the nearest garbage can.
“I don't do D's” he said. Mr. Mills shrugged his shoulders.
“Can I retake it?” he asked.
“You know I don't do retakes.”
“Whatever,” Samuel walked away.
“STUDY,” the teacher put emphasis on the word. Samuel gave a pissed off thumb up just before he walked out. God, how he wanted it to be the middle finger.
In the bathroom, just around the corner, he gave his bruised up nose a look. The damn thing was barely any better from last night. He put his hood over his head and got out of there. Seconds into his journey it was snatched off. Samuel whipped around about to unload anything he had. It was Genesis. Slowly he inhaled then exhaled, containing himself.
“Don’t do that shit Genesis. I swear to God, not right now.” He started storm off from her. She was Genesis so she followed. She cornered him at his locker.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he answered so aggressively, cramming his math text book into his bag. Genesis's eyes went over her best friend. Samuel must've forgotten he couldn't hide much from her. Ironic. Ignoring whatever he was talking about, she reached out. Her warm soft hands caressed the side of his face.
“What happened?” Samuel looked her in her eyes. He couldn’t not answer those eyes. He lied right to her face with not a hint of remorse. Better than nothing.
“I know I'm about to sound like one of Chris Brown bitches…..” Samuel said giggling. Genesis shook her head, always count on him to have something inappropriate and offensive to say.
“I swear to God I walked into a door, I'm still getting use to the apartment.”
“Which I still haven't come by,” she noted. The bell rang. As they stood still everyone else around them got to class.
“I gotta get to class,” Genesis said.
“Don't we all? That's what bell means stupid? Sorry for snapping on you.”
“It’s cool. We’ll talk later if you want.”
“Yeah, I want.” She got close to him, invading personal space. No complaints.
“Next time,” her Spanish accent shined. “I will cut you.” She smiled showing off that small little gap in her two front teeth. In a whirlwind, some of her other friends passing by swooped her right up by the arm. And there she went, absorbed back into the popular populace, population everybody but Samuel. She looked back as she was being pulled away from him. Bye, she mouthed, even gave a little wave. Samuel returned a faint smile as he waved back. He loved that girl so much, if he could just put it in words towards her. If only, but there Samuel was, left all alone in the dead empty hall. So as always, the long days faded into the jet-black nights, where Samuel dawned the bandana. He sat on the rooftop right across from the nightclub, decked out in all black. His head bobbed to Nas' Ny State of Mind. Jaw clenched, eyes closed. There was one target and his name was Bundy. Samuel cracked his neck and knuckles, and let the beat take him. His phone started to ring. He answered.
“Ready?” Serenity asked.
“Born.”
“Give me five minutes.” Serenity hung up her phone coming out the bathroom stall. She took a look at herself in the mirror and took a deep breath. She was once again glamourous with a tight midnight blue leather outfit and matching stilettos. All done up, she grabbed her fancy bag and headed to the dressing room full of strippers.
“We in agreement or what?” asked Serenity. The seasoned strippers chattered amongst themselves trying to come to a consensus.
“We're cool. But what about them? “ she asked pointing to a corner full of shy frightened girls. These girls were fresh cargo from an out of town smuggler as some twisted gift. They were like slaves either kept to make money or traded to the highest bidder. These women were beautiful and exotic, a few barely even spoke English. They were new to all of this. Being treated like some piece of meat didn't help any. They had no idea what awaited them. Behind that curtain in the front of the room was Bundy and at least a dozen of his colleagues and closest friends, all with money burning holes in their pockets. It was on this night he had closed down the strip club in order for his famed showcase. Bundy peeked at his Patek Phillipe and decided it was time. He stood from his seat right in front of the stage and clapped his hands.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” he greeted his bidders. “Thank you all for being patient. You all don't know how proud I am to present my newest cargo. Hope everyone brought their checkbooks. It's some big pockets in here tonight. Tonight, there’s only one rule. And that’s enjoy yourself.”
On Bundy's command the show was underway. The lights dimmed and women no older than twenty-one dressed as play boy bunnies served top shelf liquor. Serenity sat in her seat next to the king.
He leaned over and asked, “Where you been?”
“I had to deal with the girls, didn't I?”
Bundy looked at her funny. “Tone. Save that feisty shit for the bed room.” His stare burned a whole in the side of her head but she managed to keep her cool. Now, being a senior stripper it meant part of your job was to train new cargo and sell them to the crowd. The fierce and voluptuous Sweetest strutted out. She stood proudly at the tip of the stage and blew Bundy a kiss for good measure.
“Good evening ladies and gentlemen. In honor of our King Big Pete Bundy, tonight I proudly present one of the newest foreign of our collection. This one is a special treat for all you south of the border lovers. She's young, she's beautiful, she's Dominican. I give you Essence.” The curtains opened and the shy girl walked out all done up. She was barely out of her teens. All the whistling and dirty cat calling started. Bundy turned to his bidders.
“There's a reason I had this one presented first. I did a little bit of research. This one. She's a virgin.” The bidding went crazy. The girl was a second away from fainting. The spotlight in her face, everyone’s eyes already undressing and no help in sight.
“It's going to be okay. Just a little longer,” Serenity mouthed at her. For whatever it was worth it calmed her soul even if it was a little bit. Bundy watched Serenity with a face as if he just peeped something. As his woman stood to steer the bidding Bundy called everything to a halt. The music was cut and a pencil could be heard dropping
“What's wrong?” Serenity asked. Bundy gave her the look of death. Faster than anybody had ever seen him move, he jumped up and wrapped one of his huge hands around Serenity's neck. His friends jumped up asking him to chill. Up in the air her legs kicked as she fought to snatch a breath.
“Bitch do I look like a clown?!,” he shouted. Serenity had been there for years and knew many faces. Nobody wanted to see her die. Unfortunately, no one dared stand up to Bundy. Rightfully so. Thankfully, that’s when the room went dark. Every gunned cocked. Without care Bundy let Serenity fall from his hands.
“Somebody remind to kill the maintenance man.”
“Funny,” a menacing voice void of body said.
“WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?! Bundy's eyes spun around the whole room but it didn't matter. Nobody could see in this dark.
“I'm baaaaack, Bundy.”
“WHO! WHO'S BACK?!”
“You remember me. You betta.”
“I-I KILLED YOU,” he stuttered. PUSHED YOU OFF THE ROOF! I THOUGHT….I KNEW YOU WERE DEAD!”
“Word of advice, stop thinking. It's really not your strong suit.” Samuel's feet hit the stage.
With nothing but his thumb, Samuel lit a flame, a new trick he had learned this morning. The surrounding so called thugs all stood shook as the light ripped through the darkness showing the outline of a red bandanna wearing fiend. He appeared not as a man but as an entity.
“I suggest if yo name ain't Big Pete Bundy you leave this room. I'll be after the rest of you blood suckers and all y’all bosses real soon.” Bundy's being trembled as his so-called friends got out of dodge.
“YOU PUSSIES! IT'S ONE MAN AGAINST ALL OF US!” Not even the bandana could hide Samuel's smirk as he walked towards Bundy at pace.
“You were real tough with that grenade launcher in your hand.” Bundy tired of being toyed with, took shots in the dark. Every bullet only illuminated the room long enough just to see how close his predator was. Samuel pounced out and clasped Bundy's fatty neck.
“You can't kill me.” Bundy yanked his gun out and let two off into Samuel. The kid let Bundy go as he fell back, trying to keep his insides in. Serenity had fled to a nearby dressing room. Her phone jumbled in her hands as she tried to dial Samuel's number. On the ground, Samuel watched dizzily as Bundy fled. He was so out of it he barely knew his phone was ringing.
“You there?” Serenity asked anxiously
“Yeah. Yeah. C'mon just a bullet.”
“Bundy's big ass is hauling outta here and you need some body armor.”
“I'm working on that.”
“If your still in the strip club quickest way out is the steps left of you.” Samuel shook his head getting it together and started running. He came to the stairs. Too cool for steps, he threw himself over the rail and hoped for the best. He coughed hard on ground level and sucked it up. Samuel's bandana was feeling loose but it wasn't time for that now. He was on the club level. The boosted bass that played could make the deaf hear. Everybody jumped on beat to the music. Samuel couldn't even see the exit through the thick sea of bodies. He bumped into this half-drunk lanky dude all up on two girls. The dude turned around ready to make a big moment out of it. It was Gordon. Samuel retreated. Bandana or not, he knew his homie Sam when he saw him. Gordon took chase to what he knew was his friend. Bundy's Cadillac truck ripped through the alley and took a wild turn into the street. Samuel was directly in its path. Gordon burst from the club and tackled Samuel out of the way.
“Bruh,” said Gordon. The excitement grew in his eyes.
“We good?” Samuel asked. He didn't waste time denying anything.
“BRUUUUH,” he repeated in shock. Samuel gave Gordon a pat on the shoulder and whizzed away.
“You not leaving me out of the fun,” he mumbled to himself. Along came some guy having a joy ride on his new dirt bike. Gordon stood in the middle of the street making him come to a stop. He pulled out his gun and robbed the dude, taking off on the dirt bike. Bundy missed shot after shot on Samuel. When the gun just clicked he through it to the wind. Samuel smiled at his failure as Bundy ducked back in the Hummer. It was all fun and games until he came back up with a terrifying Galil and sprayed everything in his path. Samuel took to the streetlights hopping from one to the other. The bullets were just a step behind. He could only release speed in short bursts and he was slowing down. The clip emptied and Samuel began to catch up. Getting ready to pass was an unsuspecting truck driver just ready to drop off whatever his cargo was. Bundy jammed a new magazine in.
“ GO BE A HERO!” He shot the truckers tires out making him do a deadly swerve. Samuel dived in catching the thing just before it tipped over. He strained trying to lift it up right. Gordon pulled up. Samuel told him to keep chasing. He pulled off quick. Samuel pushed the truck up and took a knee. Samuel got to the hood of the truck ripping it off.
“What are you doing?!” the trucker ask. Samuel laid his hands on the battery and let the energy flow. He was getting the hang of this stuff. The trucker looked on as Samuel took a runner’s position. He had to feel it, the power unimaginable. Gordon up front zig zagged on his bike dodging bullets. Bundy wasted another clip. Samuel leaped right over Gordon onto the truck. He ripped the Galil out of his hands and knocked him out with a swing of the gun. Samuel grabbed Bundy and jumped off. The driver knew better than to stop, he wanted no part of this.
Meeting with consciousness, Bundy opened his eyes to three individuals, Samuel, Serenity, and Gordon.
“Bitch! I knew you were up to something.” She spit right in his face.
“I'm not a bitch. BITCH!”
Samuel grabbed Bundy by his neck and lifted him over his head. He walked him to the ledge.
“I just love roll changes. Here’s how this is gonna go. I'm gonna ask you some questions and your gonna tell the truth or I'll drop you.”
“Fall won't kill me.”
“Three hundred and fifty pounds hitting the cement. Can you say vegetable? Weigh your options. Quickly.” Bundy looked at the ground far from beneath him.
“What do you want?”
Samuel ripped off Bundy's sleeve revealing his BKsix tattoo.
“You’ve been sending guys after some poor kid, why?” he asked. Bundy seemed surprised.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“Don't play dumb. You have the same crowned lion as the other men. Bundy started thinking then laughing. It was almost uncontrollably.
“Nothing's funny!” Serenity yelled. “You stuck! We beat you!”
“He's after you. Him. You’re good as dead. When unc wants something it’s….”. Flatline. A precise bullet no one saw coming claimed Bundy's life.
Everybody jumped back ducking and looking for an assailant. Samuel stepped back in shock. He dropped the body at his feet. Serenity covered her mouth. The phone in Bundy's pocket started to ring. They looked amongst each other. Samuel gathered the guts and picked up.
“Forgive my nephew. He can be…talkative.” It was that voice. It was the man who was covered by darkness. Samuel gulped.
“You’re sick. Your own nephew.” The man chuckled.
“Naive. You have no idea do you my boy? Don't worry we'll meet again soon enough.” The phone disconnected and there Samuel was left with more questions than answers.

V. ONE 8 SEVEN
William Marquise Perkins, a lanky middle aged mixed man, stood chained as the judge read off a grocery list of his offences. He had such an unchanging look of permanent darkness. Tattoos filled his body from neck to waist. Many families stood behind him crying, sobbing, falling apart. He was a murderous, venomous man who had filled many grave yards, taking sisters, cousins, husbands, and wives. As he stood he felt not remorse nor anger but sadness, sadness that he would not take another life. William didn't suffer from any known illness, he was simply evil. Hearts were lifted as the sound of the gavel dropping sentenced him to life in prison. The psycho was lucky Michigan didn't have the death penalty. His face had no visible reaction as the guards carried him off into the cool autumn wind. Cameras flashed in his face and reporters all wanted a quote or final words. It wasn't long before he was in solitary confinement in the J.C. Judas Correctional facility. They held the worst Detroit had to offer. The drug dealers, the monsters, the men who had long given up their humanity. He was to never walk free in his natural born life again. It was one man, one bed, one pillow, one toilet, one sink, and four walls. William sat in the middle of the floor twiddling his thumbs. So, this is what forever was going to be. Wearing a uniform and having three square meals a day. For what he had done in this world he could have ended up much worse. There was a knock at his big steel door.
“WHAT?!” he shouted. The eye slot on his door slid open. It was the eyes of the warden himself. The pig was at his doorstep.
“Mr. Perkins?”
“I don't like that name. You know I don't like that name. It's in my file.”
“What's the matter? Cheer up. It's your lucky day.” William looked up at him like he could kill him and he would if the opportunity presented itself.
“My lucky day? What's lucky about this? I'll never be reunited with meaningful death again. I'll never stab, or choke, or maim anyone. Sure, I could kill my fellow inmates or a lowly prison guard or even you. BUT IT WON'T MEAN ANYTHING.” William put his head in his lap and rocked back and forth.
“Jesus. You really are a piece of work. Then again that's why he likes you isn't it?”
“Piss off. Fuckin glorified pencil pusher.”
“Like I said Perkins, it's your lucky day,” the warden unlocked his cell. Now he had William's full undivided attention.
In a not so different world, Genesis had just locked up at the barber shop and got dropped off by her uncle at the KFC on McNichol’s. Samuel was just getting off his shift when he saw her. Quickly, he made himself a bit more presentable before he came from behind the counter.
“I didn't know you were serious about coming up to my job,” Samuel said.
“I had to be here for yo first day of work. Gotta document this stuff,” she told him. When she pulled out her phone Samuel groaned.
“C'mon man, I'm not photogenic like you.”
“Says who?!” She looked him in the face waiting for an answer.
“C'mon, for real stop,” he blocked the camera. Genesis slapped his arm out the way.
“Boy bless this camera.” He gave in and let her position him against the wall, taking off his hat.
“Smile,” she told him. Samuel cracked his crooked grin as she snapped the photo.
“Perfect.” They got on the first bus that came their way. They always liked to sit in the back. It felt comfortable with the warm motors humming behind them. After a minute, the two both sat quiet just watching everything pass by. She leaned over putting her head on his shoulder. Samuel looked over trying not to be too obvious with his excitement. She pivoted her head to look to him.
“You smell like chicken grease. I love it.” Samuel closed his eyes trying to not to laugh. “I know you bringing yo self with me and the kids trick or treating.”
“Sure.”
“Okay. Now that I have you in yes mode. Promise to keep an open mind. Would it be too much to ask for you to come to the fair with me.”
“Now Genesis you know who I am.”
“Oh, c'mon Sam! It'll be fun. I can never get you to have fun.”
“I do like fun. Sitting at home with a pizza and binge watchin a show or anime. Whatever.”
“Pleeeease,” she held his hand. The pathetic kid almost blushed but held it together.
“Genesis.” She knew that tune. That was the tune of him folding.
“I promise we'll have a good time.”
Samuel started to giggle.
“What?” Genesis asked, looking to see what he was laughing at.
“Look up front,” he whispered. It was this old big black lady boarding who was dressed like she was her granddaughter.
“She looks like James from Good times.” Genesis hit him with her elbow.
“That's somebody's grandma. You so disrespectful,” Samuel kept laughing. After a second or two Genesis broke down and was laughing right with him. She had the next one.
“Oh, shit we got George Jefferson.”
“Wit his movin on up ass.” They both cracked up. For the whole rest of the ride they cooked people and laughed out loud like no one was around. People looked at them funny but it didn't matter. Their time together was cut way too short when Genesis stepped on her porch and started to unlock her door. Samuel stood in the walk way making sure she got in okay. In his mind, he was kissing her goodnight, but she smiled at her day dreaming best friend as she closed the door on him.
“Good night love,” he whispered. It was too bad he had to get out of the feels he was experiencing. With the quickness, his bandana was dawned and his night had only just begun. Leaving out of an abandoned home was a sap named L.D. He kept his head down in the night. He had some begging to do. His car was right across the street. L.D. hopped in, prepared to do or say whatever he had to. The time was now, of that he was certain. His king had fallen.
“Well hello learning disability? How are ya?” Samuel asked cheerfully. L.D. looked behind him and started flailing about.
“Leave me alone. Leave me alone. Leave me alone,” he panicked, desperately trying to get out of the car.
“Please don't make me chase you. Pretty please.”
“You’re that freak from the night club.”
“And your name is learning disability.”
“Lloyd Derek.”
“Damn. That's even worse. To get to the point. A little birdie told me you would have some information on Bundy.”
“Like what? Me and fat man weren't close.”
“His dealings. His business. You look like a fly on the wall.”
“I'm just trying to get out of town.”
“C'mon LD. Your harmless. I want to let you walk off into the sunset but you gotta give me something. A bigger fish to fry so to speak.” LD shut his eyes real tight.
“So to speak huh? Look under the hood of the car. You'll find something.”
“Cool job LD. That's what I'm talking about.” Samuel got out of the car and walked around to the front. LD stomped on the gas running Samuel over.
“YOU FOUND SOMETHIN ALRIGHT!”
Samuel sat up on the curb.
“Check the hood of the car,” he face palmed. Samuel ran after the speeding vehicle. LD saw a man possessed in his rear-view mirror. He pushed his hunk of metal to the max. So, busy trying to see the one who pursued him he lost control of the wheel. The dummy, blacked out as he was on a crash course with a tree. Samuel got in front of the car just in time to force it to stop. When LD came to, he was tied to his steering wheel and had a huge whole in the hood of his car. Just when he thought things couldn't get any worse a note fell from the sun visor. Horrifyingly, it read, thanks for the guns learning disability. He screamed, kicking and shaking.
In Samuel's apartment Serenity sat on the floor with two laptops typing away. She could hear Samuel unlocking the door. He walked in.
“Think fast,” he said throwing her a gun. Terrified she fumbled it like she was playing hot potato.
“Are you crazy? You play too much!” she yelled.
“Calm down I took the clip out. So, the question of the day. How does a lick like Lloyd Derek, get his hands on guns like that? I mean look at it. It looks fifty years ahead of anything on the streets today.”
Serenity looked over the gun. “I figure Lloyd thought it was a fine time to weasel into Bundy's stash.”
“Lemme guess, use it as a bargaining chip into someone else’s crew. Not as dumb as he looks.”
“Luckily it doesn’t matter. There’s no serial number.”
“So, what? That……,” the kid’s mind clicked. “That case a few years back. That huge tech company downtown. They are the only company in the world with military contracts who don’t have to register their weapons. They argued that they wanted to give the enemy as less information to consume as possible.”
“BAM. Here it is, Sphinx hasn't had any military contracts in over a year but within the last two years eight figure amounts have been wired directly to company accounts in exchange for guns as well as other weaponry.”
“Name for a buyer?”
Serenity scanned the screen. “Nope.”
“Guess who I owe a visit then?”
Sphinx Industries, it stood as the tallest skyscraper downtown and the pinnacle of technology that Michigan had to offer. A chrome colored building decked out with the latest of innovations. Samuel stood across the street from the marvelous tower. From the bottom looking up it seemed endless. He answered as Serenity called him on his phone.
“You there yet?” she asked.
“Don't take me long.”
“You got a plan on how to get in?”
“Course I do.”
“Alright, call me when you need something.”
“Thank you sweet heart.”
“You so old.”
“Shut up.” Now it was time to actually come up with a plan.
A few blocks down from the building was its parking complex. Samuel waited in the shadows for a certain something. He was sure a place like this used a temp agency for its janitorial staff. As soon as their body broke down or they asked for a raise they were replaced. Treated like garbage truth be told. Samuel kneeled behind one of the many cars. A decent sized man in a boiler suit was approaching. He was fumbling around with his keys and mumbling to himself about his day. Kind of reminded Samuel of himself. Just as he got to his old raggedy car he dropped his keys.
“Damn it!” he cursed himself. He bent down to pick them up and when he came up he saw Samuel in the reflection of the driver's side window. Startled, he swung out trying to protect himself. Samuel grabbed him by the arm and pressed him up against the car, covering his mouth.
“Listen to me very closely,” Samuel looked him in the eye. “I'm not here to hurt you or anyone else,” he assured him. “I need to get into that building. Gimme your boiler suit, ID, and hat and we're done. Now, I'm gonna take my hand away from your mouth. For the love of God stay calm.” The dude shook his head, agreeing. Samuel slowly retracted his hand.
“SOMEBODY HELP ME PLEA…….”. It only took one punch for the janitor to go night.
“Idiot,” Samuel shook his head. Like he said he was going to do, Samuel took his suit, hat, and ID and just to be courteous he laid the guy up in his back seat with his keys in his hand. Back down the block Samuel walked right through the front doors. His eyes couldn't believe the beauty of the edifice. It was a nexus of intelligence and arguably the most magnificent and 21st century like building in three states. He walked through the metal detectors and let the guards scan him.
“I don't recognize you. First day or night I should say? “ the surprisingly nice old white man guard said.
“Yes sir,” Samuel answered, keeping the bill of his hat down
“ID.” Samuel gave him a quick peak and then put it right back in his pocket.
“Have a good night,” the guard told him. “May the floors not be too dirty.” Samuel chuckled.
“You have a blessed one.” Samuel giggled, walking off. White people, just a breath of fresh air, he thought. He couldn't believe it was that easy to get into what should have been the most well-guarded building in the city. Samuel took the brand new express elevator to the 85th and top floor. Stepping out he went left down a long hallway. Looking around was a bit intimidating. He knew it wasn't going to be this easy to just steal information from a huge place like this. Feeling a little nervous he got into the nearest bathroom to chill out. Even there he didn't find time to breathe. Two security men were using the bathroom having a big argument over boxing, the only sport Samuel loved, still didn't make things any better.
“Man, you sound crazy Mayweather's not coming back, the man made 800 million dollars running around like a little girl. I think he's a smart enough thief to know when to call it quits.”
“Running? See you just like all the haters. You too stupid to understand his chess like technique. You too blood thirsty. If you could go in there. Fight. Make nine figures. And come out without a scratch! You would do it to.”
“Yeah whatever. Eh guy what do you think about Floyd?” Samuel kept his head down at the urinal.
“Uhhhh the man is…”. He wanted to get into the conversation but he was here to steal not talk. “I really don't watch sports you guys.”
“Oh my bad. Look um someone spilled something around the hall. If you don't mind could get around to it?” Samuel nodded his head. When they were gone he could breath a little easier. He walked into the stall and called Serenity.
“There's fifty billion cameras in this place. The moment I make a move guards, cops, and whatever else are going to be on my ass.”
“Not gonna to lie until I getta better set up it's not that much I can do for you. What I can do is knock the cameras out for maybe ten seconds. You might wanna flex a little bit of that super speed.”
“I can do that.”
“On the count of three. 1…2…3.”
Samuel zipped around the top floor until he came upon what looked like the head hancho's office. It was huge with many amenities. The back wall of the office was a ceiling to floor window giving a panoramic overview the city. He who stood at the glass felt like a king. Samuel copped a squat at the polished wooden desk. Wasting no time, he stuck a flash drive like into the computer, hacking it. Once open he stuck two one terabyte drives in and started downloading. Even as good as the drives were this was going to take some time. A janitor just lounging around his boss's office looked very much suspicious. Being the explorer he was it would kill him not to checkout what this building had to offer. To keep up appearences he grabbed a mop and a bucket from the janitor closet and starting cleaning. He made his way all around the building seeing amazings prototypes for new cars, phones, weapons and everything else. About six floors down Samuel stumbled upon a dark hallway. This part of the building was closed off for some reason. He looked above him and it said it all. This was the biotech wing of the building. It was key personnel only and he was just a janitor, at least pretending to be one anyway. Against his better judgement he let his curiosity lead him once again. He stepped into the first automatic door he saw. The room was pitch black and he couldn't even see the hands in front of him. Dauntingly, it lit up awesomely before him revealing all sorts of gadgets and machines. Samuel was like a fat kid in a candy shop. His phone rang interrupting his little moment. Serenity was calling but he dismissed it. He didn't need anything right now. Out of all the things he could have went for the center piece of the room stole his attention. It was this big chrome chest. Who knew what untold treasures were inside. Samuel walked up to it, running his finger tips along the smooth reflective surface. He weighed his options. And all at once with cautioness and carelessness he flipped the lid. The sound of untwisting the cap off a fresh bottle of pop sounded. A fitting mysterious mist creeped out of the chest as a long clear canister arose. He unscrewed the lid. A strange but intriguing stream of what seemed like particles hovered away from it's container and warped around his arm.
“Cooool.” A soon as his marvel came it went. The lab door retreated. He turned around fast. A pack of building police covered the entrance. These were no chipper old men. They were young brutes with armor and guns. Whatever was coming out the canister, thankfully went back in. Samuel grabbed it, got a running start to play chicken with the men, and flipped right over their heads at the last second. He threw himself in the first express elevator he found. Instantly he climbed out through the elevator hatch, knowing they would be waiting for him. Six more of the building police were highly disappointed when they were met with an empty elevator.
“SPREAD OUT AND FIND HIM!” When the coast was clear Samuel peaked his head out, that's when he felt a cold hard Smith & Wesson at the very back of his neck
“Don't you move.”
“Damn,” Samuel said.
“I got him. Gather at my location,” he spoke into his walkie talkie. “You're a clever little bastard aren't you? Hands up.” Samuel did like he was told.
“Now turn around.” As he turned around Samuel elbowed the guard giving him a bloody nose and like a jack rabbit he scampered away. Holding his nose, the guard radioed his team once more. As quick as he could Samuel got back to the office and snatched the drives. The team rushed to the door of the office, guns all targeting him.
“PUT YOUR HANDS UP!” Samuel's back was against the window. The heights were dizzying as he looked down. His eyes darted all around the room looking for a solution. There were sixteen men with sixteen 9mm glocks. The clips, filled with lead ready to rip through Samuel's flesh. He was tough but not that tough. Cornered and anxious, Samuel shattered the glass with the butt of the canister.
“DON'T MOVE ANOTHER MUSCLE OR WE WILL SHOOT!”
Think was the word that raced through his mind a million miles per second. Samuel threw caution to the wind and jumped. The guards opened fire but it was too late. The wind whipped against his face as he headed towards the cement at break neck speed. He was free falling with no way to save himself. Samuel closed his eyes and hoped for the best. He could feel his whole body start to tingle. His eyes gave a red response. His face went from scared to determined. Samuel clenched up real tight. Just like that he was floating. It hit him. He could float. If he could float than that meant he could fly. Like fire crackers he blew side to side uncontrollably. The kid was TNT, exploding into the air right past the shooters. This was straight out of a comic book. His stomach dropped as the energy stopped. Eyes shut, he rode the velocity to its peak in the sky. Thrilled, Samuel stalled off and on all the way home.
At the Three Levels of Sin night club, the man who was covered by darkness sat watching a live feed of everything that went down.
“I've seen enough.”
Lanier took his tablet back setting it to the side. The club was supposed to be shut down until the murder of Peter Bishop Aka Big Pete Bundy was solved. But there in the strip club all its staff members, prostitutes and all, stood. The man who was covered by darkness walked over to the bar and made himself a drink. Everybody looked at him, wondering what was going to happen next. The man took a sip and savored it. He only allowed himself so much alcohol. Running and expanding an empire demanded all his faculties.
“Bundy's gone. He was like a son. I gave this place to him. Had it built from the very ground. He wanted to be in MY empire so bad. Look where that got him. The damn boy couldn't handle it. I'm surrounded by people who can't handle it. This place is under new management. New management being me. I'm not going to be here 24/7. I have bigger engagements all across this city. That being said don't think I won't know what's going on at all times. Think of me as an omnipresence. This place will be run like a business again.” The man looked around at the crowd. “Comments and concerns?”
Opposition couldn't have been lighter until someone for the life of them couldn't hold their peace.
“Man fuck this! I don't care who you are! Me and Bundy was cool and you juss gon act like he didn't mean shit. You come in hear witcho half ass attempt at mourning. I'm out and whoever else is real is gon prove it and come with me.”
The sheep didn’t move with the self-proclaimed wolf. The man smiled, villainously clapping his hands.
“Son you are brave. I'll give you that. You are brave.” The protestor stuffed his fear and held his chin up. The man looked him right in the eyes. Dead in the soft part of the nose the man punched him, putting him on his back. The man covered by darkness stepped back, pulling the handkerchief from his breast pocket and wiping the blood from his knuckles.
“Now is officially proving time. Somebody finish him and we'll talk.” The assumed friends and day ones who he was supposed to be down with stepped up to tear him to pieces. The crowd looked on. “Lanier!” he beckoned his lackey. They were gone.
Samuel and Gordon stood to the side in the lunch room chopping it up.
“I can fly.”
“What?!”
“You being too loud. Well it’s more like blowing up from side to side. But yeah. I can fly.”
“Explain. Story. Details. Deep details. I swear to God you’ll get a back stage pass to my sex life. Pics and all.”
“I don’t wanna see yo little pornos, weirdo. Okay maybe a few,” he admitted. “I got stabbed and my body absorbed something. A shard. I woke up in the hospital yada, yada, yada I’m dumbing it down for you dummy.”
“Shut up. That's some bull. I been stabbed before. That junk ended with stitches not super powers.” Samuel grinned. “None of that explains how you got mixed up with thee Big Pete Bundy and that fine ass girl that was on the roof?”
“That's a whole other can of worms,” Samuel said.
“Okay. Answer me this one question. Why haven't you told Genesis?”
“For what?!” Samuel asked a little loud. A couple of people walked by. The conversation paused for a moment.
“Bro you the comic book lover. Telling your crush about being a superhero equals instant girlfriend. And what does girlfriend equal? Kitty cat.” Samuel sighed.
“Here we go.”
“Yes! Here we go. In a few months, your gonna have a birthday. You will be the only 17-year-old virgin I know. Being seen with you gon mess up my image.” Samuel gave him two middle fingers.
“That's exactly how I feel about your image.” Gordon gave him the middle finger back.
After Genesis had finished her homework she was washing the dishes because of course her stepmother wasn't going to do it. She cursed that woman and her long days of sitting on the back porch, blowing her daddy’s stash all day. When she was done and all the kids had their baths, Genesis closed the door and flopped onto her bed. After a moment of rest, she crawled over to her stuffed animals. Genesis grabbed her big teddy bear that her grandmother had given her before she died. On the bear's back was a slit, Genesis reached in and grabbed her phone, that she wasn't supposed to have. Another grand case of her step mother on her case. It was 7:30 and an off night so she had nothing to do. She could call Gordon and get some good weed. Maybe Karmen for some soap opera drama. Maybe Taylin, but it seemed all he wanted to do was pressure her into sex. There was only one person left in her life.
At the apartment, Serenity stepped out of the steamy shower, grabbing her towel. Ten seconds into her brushing her teeth the doorbell rang.
“JUST A MINUTE!” she yelled. Out of the bathroom, Serenity covered up her little set up and made sure her gun was near. Call her paranoid. Looking through the peep hole she saw the distorted face of some girl. Serenity opened it to have one Genesis Martinez standing at her doorstep.
“Uh…hi,” Genesis said not expecting some half naked girl opening her friend’s door. Serenity couldn't believe Samuel had girls like this showing up to his place. A little bit later, Samuel had a bumpy landing, knocking into some garbage cans. Flying took way too much energy out of him. Cartoonishly he shook his head, trying to unfuzzy it.
He dusted himself off and got to his apartment before anyone could see what made the racket. When he went for his quick he heard something go bump in his apartment. Hurriedly he broke the lock and erupted in. There Genesis and Serenity were getting all chummy and acquainted.
“Great entrance hon,” said Genesis. He made a confused face, checking around. He looked back at the broken door, confused. With no words, he swooped Serenity up and took her outside. Genesis watched as he closed the door and it creaked back open, being broken and all.
“What have you told her?” Samuel asked frantically, holding her by the shoulders.
“I HAVEN'T TOLD HER JACK! BEEN TOO BUSY FLIRTING.”
“Quiet down,” he said ironically in a loud whisper. He let out a breath of relief and calmed himself. “Good job. Thank you.” Serenity was heading in. Samuel yanked her back by the wrist.
“What the hell do you mean flirting?!”
“That's you? My bad.”
“No,” he admitted. “I mean not exactly but….”.
“Awww. I smell a crush”
“Shut up. What are you, gay?”
“I'm whatever. That’s what I am. Free to be whatever now that I'm out of that God forsaken club.”
“Genesis is straight anyway.”
Samuel pushed her back into the apartment, then grabbed her right back out, having forgotten something.
“Who does she think you are?” Samuel asked.
“Nothing complicated. I'm your friend that fell on hard times and out of the kindness of your heart your letting me stay here.”
“The truth. Just bent. I like that.” They finally came in for good.
“To what do I owe the pleasure?” Samuel asked his oldest friend
“You knew I wanted to see your place. It's cozy,” she said.
“And by cozy you mean you can barely stretch yo arms.” Genesis and Serenity started laughing.
“Oh c'mon, It's not that bad,” Serenity said.
“Be thankful. It took Serenity to give me the grand tour.”
“Grand tour of what?! I'm living like Harry Potter all under the stairs and shit.” Samuel smiled as he had the two girls cracking up.
Things weren't so light hearted in a closed off room at J.C. Judas. William sat chained behind a desk waiting, watching. Two guards had their guns trained on him. The faulty lights flickered so subtly, the heat turned up way past normal. All of this was mere theatricality to mess with the head of whoever was in this room. The man walked in, signaling the guards to leave. Without question, they did just that. The man placed the key to William's chains on the table. He took a seat. They stared at each other for a while.
“So, I guess I'll start the conversation. Perkins work for me and you'll never do another day in prison. You'll be free. Free to kill puppies, cats, people. Anything you want. In another state, of course. You just need to do one thing.”
“Always one thing. Always strings. Always ropes. Always something with you big wigs,” William said. “What do you want?” he asked.
“Bandana Menace. Awful name,” the man said, sliding him a picture. “He has something I want. Something I will have. I need him. Mangled, beaten, doesn't matter. I need a man with your let’s say special skill set. I don't know where he is but I do know he has a taste for heroics. Stir up a little trouble and you got him. Good pay. Hell great. Everything you need will be provided.”
“I say no? What then?”
“I leave you to rot in this hell forever. Talent like yours shouldn't go to waste.” In a weird sense, evil respected evil. Both gave inhuman smiles as William raised his cuffs to be unlocked and the man happily unlocked them.
Sometime later, Samuel knocked on his own door. Serenity looked up from her Domino's pizza and took the 2 by 4 from up under the door knob. She let a drenched and stiff Samuel in.
“Jesus, who put a number on you?”
“Couple of stick up kids tried to rob this girl. I stepped in. I have to let people beat me up pretty good to get a good amount of energy flowing. Only God knows what they what have done.”
“I was gonna wait to show you your present but it seems like your gonna need it,” Serenity said.
“Present? I like presents.”
“Who doesn't? That canister you brought home from Sphinx industries.”
“What about it?”
“The drives only managed to download 39% of the total information before you had to split. Lucky for you that canister was included in that 39%. It's a bio armor. It was gonna go to the highest bidder but no country on planet earth thought that a soldiers life was worth 1.6 million each.”
“So where's the on switch? It just looks like liquid.”
“Where’s your imagination, Mr. genius? Figure it out.” Samuel sighed staring at the screen, getting all the information he could.
The night after, Samuel leaned on Gordon's car while he loaded items from a van into his. They were on some dark state block and the time was approaching midnight.
“You just gon stand there?” Gordon asked. Samuel had his arms folded, eyes closed, and one foot propped up against car.
“Nigga I didn't say I was gon help I was just bored. Real talk, this why you be sleepy in class.”
“You one to talk, you be dozin off too nowadays.”
“I'm out helping the city, thank you very much. Anyway, hurry up I ain't got all night. And I'mma pretend that you not moving stolen shit.”
“Yeah okay. You might save people but you ain't no boy scott. Wouldn't mess with you if you was.”
“Shut up and move.”
“That's what I thought!”
“Yall need some help with that?” an out of pocket group of individuals asked. They called themselves intimidating somebody
“Naw we good,” Gordon assured them in a commanding tone, bringing his head up from the trunk of the van.
“Leave,” Samuel said in a brushing off manner.
“YOU BETTA LISTEN TO EM!” Gordon pulled a gun, sending them on their way. Samuel bust out laughing when it occurred to him. That's it, he thought. Gordon got a little dazed watching Samuel zip off.
“That is just too cold,” he whispered in astonishment.
In some far off abandoned building that Serenity had claimed as her own, she held the canister of particles while talking to Samuel
“You sure about this?” Serenity asked. Samuel shook his head firm. She shook the can rapidly back and forth, stirring up the particles like angry hornets
“Let it rip!” Serenity untwisted the lid and let the particles fly. He held his hands out in front of him letting the energy flow from his palms. The particles stopped dead in their tracks. Serenity looked closer to understand what she just saw.
“Is it working?” she asked.
“Had this little idea last night when I was with Gordon. What do particles do to activate? Don't know? They collide, in a normal case, but these aren't normal. They're tailored made to lock on to the specific user's energy output. Now the average person barely puts out any but we both know I'm far from average,” Samuel explained with the smile of a mad man. The particles floated right in front of him, pending, almost like if they were trying to figure out whether he was worthy or not, finally they accepted. A chrome colored liquid creeped from his fingertips up his arms. The strange and intriguing substance covered his whole body then hardened into what seemed like an impregnable shell. Serenity circled Samuel looking him up and down.
“It's like it's conscious. It formed to your exact length and everything”
“I’m too genius.”
The next two weeks were a complete blur of blood, sweat, and mind numbing equations. It took Samuel to put it together and Serenity to program it. Time became just a jumble of trial and error. Test 1, test 2, test 36, it was insane, but that was his life. When it was all said, and done, in the abandoned building that had become they're safe house Samuel stood well after two in the morning. He was a grease monkey for sure. He stared at his erected armor.
“My Mona Lisa,” he looked on in self-admiration. Samuel could see himself in the glossy chest piece of the suit. Detroit had been taken by people who thought they were fearless and even worse, untouchable. The street thugs, the dope pushers, the corrupt, they needed something to fear, now they most definitely had it.
Halloween evening, Samuel stood leaning outside his door while his land lord fixed this lock. He was embarrassed but also kind of pressed for time.
“Sorry again about this,” Samuel apologized.
“What did this? I mean this lock is shot to hell. You young people kill me these days. Can't take care of anything. Oh, how youth is wasted on the young.” Samuel gave him the middle finger behind his back. His landlord turned around. Samuel quickly tucked his hands away.
“Whatever you say.”
“You’re lucky it's included in your rent, which I have yet to inform you about.”
“About what exactly?”
“My idiot of a son was handing out unauthorized low end deals. An apartment this size goes for about 460 you’ve been paying a hundred bucks less.” Samuel's jaw dropped and his eyes got as wide as they could.
“A dump like this?! 460?! This is not white people land. Money just doesn't fall outta the crack of my ass.”
“Well 460 by next month or you can find another place to live.”
“It's always me,” he watched the crotchety old man take his tools and go. Samuel looked to the sky and shook his head. “I swear shit like this saves itself for me.”
William Marquise Perkins, looked in the rear-view mirror, bushy beard, shaved head. He did 99 down the highway. The part of him that wanted to down a thousand OxyContin and be done with the whole damn thing was gone. He was back. He refused to believe death had brought him this far just to leave him. He had 200 hundred grand in duffel bags in the back seat. That was just a little advance. You see death had made a deal with the devil himself and had agreed to bring his bandana menace back and he intended to have his fun while doing it. He grinned, tightened his grip on the wheel and let the car really fly.
Meanwhile, looking to the pink sky Genesis walked with the kids taking them on a super early trick-or-treating run. Over on her right was an unusually quiet Samuel just shuffling along. His face was permanently grim like he had just lost his puppy or something. She grabbed his jaw and threw it the other way.
“WHAT'S WRONG WITHCU?!,” she asked
“What was that for?!”
“FOR MAKING THOSE FACES. I hate when you do that. You wanna talk about it?”
“Do I ever?”
“Sometimes,” she answered in a much softer tone.
“Not today. And don't just grab me like that!” Samuel punched her in the arm. Genesis winced in pain. He got scared. Maybe he didn't know his own strength. She opened her eyes with a devious expression.
“You ain't shit,” he kept walking
“I learned from the best,” Genesis said. She looked over at little Katlin about to chow down on her candy.
“Little girl I told you to wait. You so hard headed. I should beat you.”
“Awww but Michelle and Miguel get to eat theirs,” she whined.
“Michelle and Miguel don't have diabetes, do they?” Samuel jabbed her. The little girl so cute in her princess dress pouted. Samuel pulled a mini twix out of his pocket and slid it to her behind Genesis's back. Thank you, she mouthed. Samuel winked. They were coming up on the house and their Taylin was, sitting in his car with Karmen and some other dude. As soon as she saw him she started walking with purpose towards the car. Taylin rolled down the window.
“You know I asked you to save a spot for him,” she whispered angrily.
“I forgot,” he shrugged his shoulders. Genesis groaned turning back to see Samuel getting the kids into the house. As soon as he was done he walked up asking if she was ready to go. Gensis rubbed the back of her neck. Looking past her he could see someone else in the backseat and immediately understood the situation. Taylin gave him two middle fingers.
“It's all good. I'll make it there.”
“You sure?,” she asked. Samuel shook his head very sure of himself.
“I'm tellin you, it's all good. I'll get there.”
“Alright. I betta see you too!” she punched him. Genesis hopped into her boyfriend's car, and there she went. He waited until Taylin was out of sight. Samuel stood there chuckling to himself, more than ready for a good race. Sure of himself he walked at a molasses pace, just enjoying the breeze.
The first stop for William was a tucked away, shady, brick building. When he entered the spot the place was a pawn shop with useless shit on the splintering shelves. It seemed nobody was home except the twisted limp leg cashier who watched a ball game of all things on an old portable television. He was just noticing William.
“Damn it. Need to put that bell back up. You Boss's boy?”
“I'm nobody’s boy.”
“Well excuse me.”
The limp brought him to the back. The place was a mini armory. William gladly took in the stink of gun powder into his nostrils. The cashier handed him two heavy duffel bags full of ammo and guns. William set them on the floor and searched them. He pulled out a sawed off shot gun, admiring it.
“Boss said I'd be paid handsomely. Where's the money?”
William had his back to him. No thought needed, the psycho turned around and unloaded, leaving the cashiers chest wet. He liked that grey boiler suit he had on. He took it among other things.
Stop two, William pulled up in some gas station right off to the side. It wasn't on a very busy street. The one person that was there was blasting his speakers absurdly loud. William gritted his teeth and ignored him while he popped the lock on his trunk. He lifted the lid to his guns and money. He grabbed one .357 magnum and tucked it in his pocket. Walking in the store he made himself a hotdog, a pop, and opened a bag of chips. The puppy dog cashier walked out from behind back.
“Sir, the cash register is right over here if you’d follow me. Cash or card? Either is fine.”
Leaning on the food station counter he took another sip of his drink. William looked the poor man's way. Without hesitation, he shot the man dead. The unassuming fool outside didn't hear a thing with his music playing. William put twenty on pump 6, grabbed a couple of lighters and got out. He opened all the doors on his car and started drenching everything with gasoline. Like I need money to kill, he mumbled. Death was his art. Money ruined art,
“Eh dude! What the hell are you doing? Are you crazy?”
“According to the state of Michigan,” he turned around. Peacefully he went back to pouring gasoline.
“My dude! You need to chill!”
William sighed.
“Here I was about to leave you right where you were.”
“What?!”
William whipped around and drenched the man in gas. He couldn't believe what just happened.
“That's it!” he exclaimed. William didn't flinch as he threw a lit lighter on the guy setting him ablaze.
“Nice car,” he complimented the man as he screamed like a school girl, running around, flailing all wild. He took his guns out, set his old car on fire and took the dudes Camaro.
Genesis and crew made it to the festive fair. The Area was packed with people. Crazy and colorful costumes could be spotted from a mile away. The aroma of cotton candy and carnival food filled the air. This was going to be fun.
“One question. What’s first?” Genesis asked.
“You know what I'm here for,” Karmen said so animatedly, sticking her tongue out.
“You such uh hoe,” Genesis said. Taylin snickered looking down at his phone.
“No fucking way!” Karmen exclaimed out of nowhere. Rapidly she got out of the car. Everyone looked to see the miracle that was Samuel walking towards them. Cotton candy in hand, he gave everybody one, last and certainly least Taylin.
“How the hell did he get here?” Karmen whispered to Taylin.
Taylin grabbed her up and took her to the closest place he could prove himself in a checkmate move. It was this little booth where if you could get the football into the hole you won a prize. Taylin slapped a ten down like it was nothing and started playing. Karmen and old boy moved on. Samuel looked at his wallet full of money. Unlike everyone else he had major bills to pay and on top of that he had to come up with an extra hundred bucks by the seventh. Samuel sighed. In that split second Genesis twisted her body, looking back at him. She didn't mean to make him feel like he had to prove something, in fact he knew that she hated when him and Taylin got in to these little pissing contests.
“Naw I'm good,” he backed off. “That's all you star football player.”
“C'mon. I'll go easy.”
“Still a no. Now which way are the corn dogs?”
“Fine! Take yo scary ass on then.” Samuel looked around at everyone.
“Sounds like a challenge to me kid,” the creepy carnie said. Samuel slapped twenty bucks down.
“Now that's what I'm talkin bout.” Too easily, Samuel caught up with and surpassed Taylin. In no time the top shelf panda bear belonged to Genesis. Too busy standing proud of himself, he hadn't notice the couple walked off hand and hand. Even when the kid won he lost. A third wheel Samuel walked ten paces behind them. Genesis looked back while Taylin pulled her along by the arm. He shook his head and licked his teeth. Those were the breaks.
The main attraction of the fair was called the Tunnel of Horrors. People went in and came out with their brains turned to mush from the terror, or at least that's how they promoted it. A group of friends had finally come to the front of the line. There were psyched to finally get their turn. Such ominous music played building up the hype. The guys waited for the first jump scare. Out of nowhere a mummy jumped out. The guys flinched only to calm down and realize it was just some idiot rapped in toilet paper. The squad looked to each other.
“This is bullshit,” they came to the rightful conclusion. All of them got here early just to be first in line for this. They walked through the tunnel as stupid cliché horror animatronics jumped out at them. At the end of the tunnel an outline of man stepped from the shadows.
“Now who you supposed to be? Jason?”
His friends laughed. William stepped forward.
“Call me Billy Bad Ass. I'll be the one hacking you too pieces tonight.” Billy pulled his knife. He could only slice a piece of clothing so close to the flesh before the teens went running and screaming.
“Rusty!” he stabbed his knife in the nearest wall. And the hunt began.
Samuel had found himself sitting on the bench across from a group of party girls. He had ditched the king and queen. Probably the other way around. The females he watched, all very pretty with nice clothes and stuff. They were the type to go out for one reason, to be seen. Samuel was seeing them alright. All those fish in the sea and Samuel was stuck on one. What was stopping him from doing a little fishing? Fear, you idiot, he thought to himself.
“It's just girls,” he told himself. “C'mon you can't be that scared. You already look like you starin at em. You know what, self? I'm going over there.”
Halfway into his walk a terrifying shriek could be heard around the fair. He moved against the grain, running through everyone who was headed the other way. Billy Bad Ass had made himself known in the middle of it all. From a distance, Samuel spotted Genesis and gang. Once he knew she was alright it was time to find a place void of prying eyes. Behind a row of porta potties he became focused.
“Out of all the lousy places to make a debut.”
He threw out his right arm and waited. The guard of the particles was at his beck and call. They raced to their wielder.
The rough edged, obsidian black armor, formed around him, covering him from head to toe. The helmet resembled that of a modern day centurion, the eyes sharp red triangles and for the mouth, four slits with hexagon metal mesh behind them. At the top of his head sat a mohawk like blade and his brow a thick tuning fork shaped battering ram. The armor was a thing of the future with the colors red and black simplistically placed throughout. On the shoulders sat a trio of triangle shaped metals welded together to make shoulder guards. The gloves had red cuffs on the forearm connecting the hands to the arms with the boots having a y shaped red trimming that wrapped around the calf. The centerpiece of the suit was a big red E emblazoned upon his chest. The HUD display inside the helmet came online. The bright lights so up close made him squint. Samuel readied himself about to make his official debut. He sprung in the air, catching the attention of all. To the best of his ability, he landed heroicly in front of Billy. The world stopped to look on its mysterious new comer.
“So. A blood thirsty killer tries his hand at killing a bunch of teenagers. Kinda weak if you ask me.” A voice modulator made Samuel's voice sound all cool. Rougher, even older in an away.
“But I didn't ask you. Did I?”
“Touché. I'm guessing the voices told you to do all this.” Billy gave a loud laugh. Samuel smirked. Quickly, he grabbed the first victim he could and that victim by the rules of the universe was Genesis Martinez.
“Let me go!” she kicked and swung. Taylin tried to stop him but was knocked cold. From witty banter to next level seriousness the situation went. Samuel ran after them like his life depended on it. A millisecond before he had him Billy turned around and put a blade to Genesis's neck.
“Thirty Mississippi’s. You follow in thirty Mississippi. Anything less and I'll kill beauty queen here!” Samuel balled his fists. He was foiled. With his girl, Billy ran into the house of mirrors. He dragged Genesis on by the arm down a hallway of reflections.
“I hope that guy kicks your ass. If he doesn’t I will, YOU CREEP!”
“Little girl. All the women I talk to usually end up dead. I suggest you shut up.”
Genesis clenched her jaws. Near the end of the maze, Billy pressed in a panel of glass, making it pop open. It was there he threw her in and tied her up. He was sure to grab a few essential killing tools before leaving. Genesis's muffled scream was music to his ears as he shut the panel, covering her in the darkness.
At the entrance, Samuel stepped in. The place was cold and unwelcoming. Quiet too. As he walked through his reflection became all sorts of different shapes and sizes.
“Billy! This is not a game! Where are you?!”
His echo mocked him.
“You know I use to want to be a carnie. Back before my first kill.”
“Quit with the sick puppy quotes. Where's the girl?”
“Find me and you can have her.”
“I'm not playing this game.”
“Who say it's A GAME!” Billy shattered the glass, drop kicking Samuel. Down on one knee he spun around trying to find his prey but he was gone. This is ridiculous, he thought. I'm a hundred times faster than this ass.
“Fine. Let’s play.” Billy Bad asses appeared in the mirror ahead of him.
“I thought you were supposed to have super powers.”
“I'll show you super.” Samuel shot straight ahead with the force of a two ton truck. Billy disappeared. The kid pumped the brakes just in time to stop.
“Damn it,” Samuel said. Billy stood tall behind him with a tomahawk. The kid's fist balled. Stupid, he thought.
“Now you die,” Billy cocked back his weapon.
“ENOUGH!” Samuel smashed together his open hands, imploding every mirror and blowing Billy back ten feet.
Genesis scrunched up trying to avoid the falling glass. The beauty queen saw opportunity. She wiggled up a bit and over on to the glass, scraping the tape that bounded her onto the shards. Genesis shuttered as she cut herself but kept strong. She wasn't going out some damn dumb damnsel in distress.
Samuel had to take a knee, that shock wave hit the supply hard. Billy got himself up and took the knife out he had strapped to his leg. With Samuel, winded he smelled blood in the water.
“Little pig, little pig. Here comes the big bad wolf.” The kid could only watch as Billy Bad Ass approached him. It wasn't looking good. Out of nowhere his savior came in the form of a pissed off sixteen-year-old girl. Wielding, a jagged piece of glass, Genesis dug into Billy's back. He bellowed, flipping her over his shoulder.
“YOU STUPID BITCH!” he ripped the glass out. “Your gonna to pay for that!” he snatched her up.
“Let her go!”
“No. She sealed her fate.” He took that same shard and cute around the back of her hear making her scream. She bit him in revenge, so much so that he loosened his grip. In that moment, Samuel ran and hopped to deliver a knockout blow. Him and Genesis kneeled over him.
“You alright?” he asked.
“Does it look like it?”
“I'm sorry.”
“It's okay. Thank you.” She cursed her would be killer in Spanish. Samuel smiled. He was too relieved.
“Genesis your bleeding. I need to get you out of here.”
“How do you know my name?”
His stomach plummeted.
“I heard your friends call it. C'mon,” he helped her up. At the entrance, they were welcomed by at least twenty guns pointed at them.
“STEP AWAY FROM THE YOUNG LADY. YOU ARE UNDER ARREST.”
“For Christ sake,” Samuel mumbled. He was surprised as Genesis boldy stepped in front of him.
“WHAT ARE YOU IDIOTS TALKIN ABOUT?! HE SAVED ME. THE REAL CRIMINAL IS IN THERE ON HIS ASS. NO THANKS TO YOU ALL. YOU ALL ARE……”
Samuel put his hand on her shoulder. “It's okay,” he told her.
“But…”
“You take care of yourself.” Samuel faded back into the hall of mirrors.
“Hey stop!”
He ran trying to figure his way out. He stepped over Billy's body.
“He said you were special!” Billy shouted from the ground. Samuel looked back.
“Who?”
Billy giggled. “I hope I can watch this play out. It'll be legendary.”
“What?!”
A bullet barely missed Samuel's head. It was time to go. He hauled off.
“LEGENDARY,” Billy screamed through his laughs.
A few hours later still in the armor, minus the helmet, he sat in his apartment. A floor above him he could hear someone watching the eleven o' clock news. Samuel was sure to be quiet, they were talking about him. Unfortunately, he could only hear every other word. Although super hearing didn’t come with the package. Samuel heard hero or saved or amazing. Felt good to hear but his girl was safe, that’s the stuff that counted. He grabbed his helmet from beside him taking it in his hands. The eyes stared back into his. This was the path. This was the day he found an outlet, a solid road to redemption and recovery.

VI. GIMME THE LOOT
Energy Warrior was the name that blew up in the realm of social media. He showed that E to the people and they dubbed him instantly. With anything controversial there were the keyboard critics. There were so many unanswered questions. Who was he? What were his attentions? Where did he come from? Could he be trusted? Was he what the city needed? Nobody knew he was just a guy walking the wet streets of Greenfield looking for a job. The unforgiving sky rained down on him. Samuel had been out all day but no one had ever seemed to be hiring. He was learning the true meaning of the word recession. Things were even worse because he couldn't work in his own neighborhood, couldn't risk running into his dear old step dad. Samuel readied himself for rejection as he walked into some off brand super market. He took his hood off stepping to one of the cashiers who was complaining about the shotty conveyer belts. He asked to see the manager and she pointed to isle three where some guy was stocking cans. The guy acted as if he didn't know Samuel was there. He cleared his throat to make himself known.
“How can I help you today sir? You looking for anything?” the manager asked, barely taking any attention from stocking.
“I'm looking for a job to keep it frank like Sinatra. See what I did there?” The joke bombed. “I can work part time after school. I can mop. Whatever you need I can do it, “ Samuel got serious.
“Not hiring kid,” he said unapologetically. Samuel took a deep breath.
“C'mon man gimme a break, I really need a job.”
“Give you a break? That hiring poster outside is waiting for some poor mother of three who has to feed her children. Not some punk who probably just wants to buy the new Jordan’s or an Ipod or whatever.”
“Look, I'm not going to go into my personal life. I need this job. Please.”
“Like I said kid. Not hiring.”
“You know what, fuck you then. Can stocking ass. Fifty years old and working at a grocery store!”
“Woo Wee kid. Your gonna have a bunch of struggles in life with that attitude.”
“Oh, screw you. Don't act you know something. You obviously messed up somewhere.” Samuel closed his eyes and calmed down. “I'm sorry. I'll leave.”
“Thank you,” the cashier said. Samuel was at the end of the isle when the cashier sighed.
“Wait kid. Come on back.” Samuel walked up.
“You seem like you don't mind hard work. Are you good with your hands? Like fixing stuff.” Samuel shook his head.
“Yeah I'm good. Really good. I’ll prove it. I’ll fix your conveyer belts.”
“I’m not sure about that. I need a professional. I’m sorry.”
“C’mon. You got nothin to lose. I took a computer apart when I was ten and put it back together. C’mon let me do this.” A bit more coaxing was all the manager needed.
“You get one shot. You do this for me and you can start tomorrow.”
“One more thing.”
“Don’t push it kid.”
“I need to be paid under the table.”
“I don’t know any other way,” the manager laughed. Samuel, smiled. Perhaps karma was real.
About four that same day, Samuel showed up at an address Serenity had told him to meet her at. Serenity answered just before he knocked pulling him in.
“Why did I have to come see you here?” Samuel asked.
“I'm visiting friends. Come meet em.”
“Why do I need to meet your friends?” Samuel asked with her pushing him in. His brain exploded when he walked into a room full of beautiful ebonies barely dressed. The runaway strippers had pot lucked their money and bought a house. That place wasn’t bad at all. Th
“Sweet heart. Be a dear and don’t forget to breath. Don’t need anyone dying on the premises.” “You act like you've never seen a girl before,” one of the other women said.
“He’s a virgin, forgive him,” Serenity told them. Samuel looked at her like she had lost her mind.
“Awwww. That's cute. I wish I still had mine to tell the truth.”
“Can you not say that out loud? How did you even know?!”
“The tub of Vaseline you keep. Relax you're among friends.”
“Bring him here. I’ll pop his little cherry.” The ladies laugh. Samuel turned pink.
“Was she serious? Cuz I’ll take any one of these hoes up on that offer!”
“Do we really have to be hoes?”
“Hoes. Broads. Whateva!” A good handful of them pulled out guns. Samuel put his hands up. Serenity jumped in front of him.
“Wait! He didn't mean it ladies. He's sorry.”
“You listen here little boy. Bundy's dead as a door knob. We go into business for ourselves now. And we will not be disrespected. You got it, shrimp?!”
“C'mon ladies. I'm sorry. We got off on the wrong foot. Let’s start over. My names Samuel. Now would you beautiful queens please forgive a brotha that didn't know any better until about ten seconds ago,” somehow he managed to make them smile.
“Well aren't you a sweet talker honey?”
Samuel grinned. “I do alright when I need to.” “Now that I'm not dead I'mma borough my friend right quick.”
As fast as he could Samuel pulled Serenity out of the room.
“Did you find anything on who I asked you about?”
“I'll have it to you by tonight. Anything else oh great one?”
“Very funny. There is one thing. Today in school they couldn't find any of my information, I wasn't on the attendance roster. My lunch card didn't work. It was crazy.”
“Forgot to tell you. I put your data fingerprint on an algorithm. Every few hours or so your erased from existence. How do you think the people who are after you can't find you?”
“I might just keep you around,” Samuel said.
“Boy whatever,” she pushed him out the house. He pushed his way back in.
“Bye ladies,” he waved. They all waved their little fingers and sent him on his merry way.
In Taylin’s bedroom, he had finally gotten Genesis comfortable on her back. Her parents had finally left her alone. They had been so worried since the carnival. It was getting real intense this time. He was giving her that look but she kept the action above the waist which was killing him. In the heat of the moment he went for it, trying to under her pants. She kept kissing but moved his hands away. He tried again. When he was denied for the second time. He just stopped everything.
“C'MON MAN WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?!” Taylin asked. Genesis gathered herself and raised up.
“I told you I'm just not ready yet. It's not about you or against you. I just don't feel it.”
“We been together two years. All the way from freshman year.”
“I know that. It's just….”
“JUST NOTHIN! We can do everything else but have sex?!” Genesis was starting to look like a sad puppy. “You know how many girls a day be on my line?! How many bitches be in my DM's.” She even felt a little guilty for holding out before he came at her like that.
“You know what?! Fuck you and them!” she yelled. “Go right ahead. I don't give a damn. Go do it with all them nasty girls. I hope you catch everything in the book. A right through Z.” Taylin got up and grabbed her arm.
“Baby. Baby. I didn't mean it like that. I mean…..” She looked at him with her arms crossed waiting for some sorry explanation. “Look a few days ago I coulda lost you. I'm just ready. You know you my forever girl.”
“Forever girl?”she laughed.
“You know it,” he leaned in closer. She kissed him.
“If you never say something that corny again it’ll be soon. Okay? I promise.”
In a whole other world, all the rulers of Detroit gathered themselves at the man covered by darkness's prestigious fifteen thousand square foot residency. Outside circled around the water fountain sat many patient drivers, waiting in the finest of luxury cars. The dining room contained a long beautiful mahogany table that held up the plates of the city's fat cat blood suckers. Each and every one of them reverse robin hoods, stealing from the poor and giving to the rich. Most of these folks were supposed to be held in the highest regard and in turn act as such. Sadly, the love of money had taken them lower than the deepest abyss. These people consisted of Mayor Townley, Police Chief Gennady, Judge Whitaker, DA Weathersby, and their ring leader, the man covered by darkness. Soothing violin music was played by the extra servants.
“I'm glad we could gather here today. We have something very important to discuss,” the man set the tone.
“What could we possibly have to discuss? Money is flowing, tax cuts are beautiful and I just bought the most beautiful pent house near the financial district.” The man took a deep breath and messaged his temples.
“And like most people you fail to understand the bigger picture.” The man tossed today's newspaper on the table.
“Boys over at the free press printed this up today. It's not like anybody reads anymore. All this is online. The point is, meet Detroit's new hero, Energy Warrior.”
DA Weathersby took the paper into his hands. “Nice costume,” he said.
“It's not a costume. It's a one point five-million-dollar prototype that was stolen from me.”
“He stole? From you? Guys ballsy. Gotta give em that,” said Judge Whitaker, downing another glass of fine wine.
“Please do not mistake bravery for stupidity.”
“What’s the problem? This city needs something new. The people need to believe in something. Keeps morale up and questions down.”
“You all aren't seeing it still,” the mayor said breaking his silence while cutting his steak. “Whoever this man is, from what I read he has a fetish for doing the right thing. How long until he's done saving cats from trees and putting out fires and wants to bring down our operation? Who says he isn't already on our scent.”
“Sharp man. Precisely. There's where the bad news comes. He's not completely cold on our trail. He's the one who took down Bundy. He forced my hand in cutting ties. Human and drug trafficking alike are going to die down for a moment.”
“Well if that’s the case, and he's causing all this trouble. Why not take him out? I mean this isn't are first wide eyed goodie two shoes,” Judge Whitaker proposed.
“He is something of importance to me,” the man admitted.
“To what caliber?”
“To none of your concern. As long as you all’s checks are inflated you don't care. So, continue not to care,” the man said with a cut-throat edge. “I'll handle it.
“Well then. I guess there’s just one thing to say. God speed,” Gennady raised his glass.
“God speed,” all his puppets toasted. All the demons and monsters dressed as people looked to their king. The man was Godzilla, he was Mike Tyson, he was going to reign for a thousand years and a thousand more and no one was going to threaten the throne.
Samuel sat at the computers in the library of MCH. He had a whole bunch of work to catch up on. Missing even one day there was compared to a month anywhere else. The last thing he needed was for Karmen and a few of her side stragglers to walk in. They all needed to print something. It was too convenient that Samuel was sitting right next to the printer.
“*cough* Pussy,” Karmen taunted. Her friends giggled and Samuel sighed. He turned to them.
“Anything in particular you have to say to me or are you just going to waste my time like always?” Samuel asked.
“I just wanted to ask why you ran like a little bitch at the fair the other day? Thank God, a real man like Taylin was there to protect Genesis.”
“Wasn’t he knocked cold?”
“Yeah, but Taylin had the nuts to actually try. We all saw yo punk ass run away.”
“Speaking of nuts. Why you always riding his? Kinda makes me think you want him for yourself.”
“Boy! Shut up.”
“Yeah, with those make a wish foundation ass clothes you got on.” The girls laughed and walked off. Luckily the place was empty so the humiliation was short. As witty as he was somebody always had his number. It would be the other way around if they knew who or what he really was. But unfortunately, like a bunch of other things in his life those were only what ifs. Samuel closed his notebooks packed up and found himself elsewhere. On the school roof, Samuel sat in the wind. He prayed to God Genesis didn’t think he was some sort of coward. He hadn’t even gone to see her since the incident. When his phone rang, he answered it.
“You got what I need?” Samuel asked.
“Hello to you too.”
“Sorry Serenity, I'm just…. nothing. So wassup?”
“William Marquise Perkins AKA Billy Bad Ass. Had the upbringing you would think he had. Perkins was trailer trash with a long history of killing the family pet.”
“Few pages short of a book. Go on.”
“Not much to go on. Marquise went dark for a long while. When the law did catch up to him over 75 murder investigations all led back to him.”
“Yeah I could see that sick look in his eye. He was messed up. Where is he now?”
“Where else? Holding cell waiting for transfer down at police headquarters.”
“I gotta talk to him. I can get close to the one who's running this whole thing. I could completely wipe out organized crime in Detroit. Good shit.”
“Yo dreams are real big home boy. Problem. How are you going to get in? You're not sneaking into this place. Cops saw you for what, ten seconds? They wanted you in handcuffs. Probably worse.”
“Shit. Look they have to send him back to prison, right? All I have to do is wait until the transfer goes down and snatch him up then.”
“Good thinking.”
“It's what I do.”
Down town at the Marriott, the man who was covered by darkness was in his element. He sat at the foot of a bed with his sleeves rolled up and his tie undone as he counted ill-gotten gains. Surrounded by all that money made him think of his youth. It took him way back when he decided to step off of mama’s project stoop and be somebody. The feel of the dollar bills against his hands, some old, some crisp. This is what he was born for. He was a conqueror cut from the clothe of Gods.
“You are taking a long time old man,” another being said from the corner, snapping him out of it. The man took a deep breath. A trembling in his hand came then went. He dropped another brick of cash in a series of duffel bags.
“Watch your tongue. Do forgive me though, I was caught in a dream. I “ he sounded parched. It was Rey de los ladrones the best high risk robber the world had ever known. He was young, Latino, and suave. The pretty boy looks, the smooth voice, the slicked back hair, and the confidence he exuded were all his god gifted skills. Rey put down his drink after a last swig.
“You've never paid me this much before. What am I adding to your collection this time? An ancient sword? A mystical scroll? The skull of Solomon?”
“Your imagination is precious but no. This thing is much more valuable. You see I seek power, the only problem is power has been left in the hands of what I believe to be a child. This is no ordinary child. Playful yes, but dangerous as a double-edged sword. You’re going to bring him back to me. Alive.” Rey got up to shake on the deal as if he was already victorious. “Listen to me and listen to me closely. Take this seriously because this is serious to me. Very serious. I already made one mistake by hiring some psychopath.”
“Jesus! That was you who let that sicko out of his cage?”
“Not the point. The point is I want it done. Swiftly. No mistakes.” Rey let out a calming breath through his nose.
“In three days’ time, before sundown. You have my word.”
“Now that's what I like to hear,” the man said, looking him right in the eye as they shook hands firmly.
The day after next was a Wednesday, a chilly day, a regular day. Regular joes went to their regular jobs and all the mundane movements and small talk made by the little people went on. Michigan First, in Detroit they were like the McDonalds of banks, one on every corner. Things were just fine inside in the one downtown, mothers and fathers holding their child, waiting to cash their check and put food on the table. The guards stood at their respective doors, ready and waiting, arms in front of them standing quietly. Today in particular there was a long line, which was odd for a Wednesday, seeing as how most people got paid on a Friday but who cared? A woman had just gotten finished arguing with a teller and man in a hat who kept his head down had finally reached the front of the line.
“Hello, how may I help you today?” the teller asked. The man said not a word, just sliding her a check. She looked at him awkwardly but carried on with her business. It took her a moment to realize that the check hadn't been written on. She turned over. Alarmingly, it read, hold your breath. She made the most confused face.
“Sir, is this some sort of joke?” she asked.
“You don't have much time,” he told her.
“Sir, please leave so I can deal with someone who actually needs servicing.”
“5…4…3….”
“SECURITY!” she called, weary of him. “SOMEBODY GET THIS NUT OUT OF HERE!” As soon as the guards took their first step, shattering the glass, canisters flew in, spreading a thick cloud of gas. Everyone panicked. The guards went for theirs guns trying to find the cause but by then it was too late. One by one everyone dropped. The teller covered her mouth with one hand while the other tried to inch its way over to the alarm button.
“Touch that button and meet your maker,” Rey came up behind her, putting her gas mask on for her. She raised both her hands. “Good girl. How we looking up there?” he asked his guy.
“Everybody’s out cold boss. What now?”
“Take little Ms. Teller and crack that vault. Hurry. Our friend will be here soon.”
At MCH Samuel sat in an endless class period. The pain of watching the clock go by was something no man should have to endure. Tick tock tick tock was the only sound that registered. The teacher sat at her desk scrolling on her phone, funny how the students were quote on quote prohibited. His phone started to buzz in his pocket. Discreetly, Samuel took it out and held it under the desk. Serenity was calling so he declined it and texted her, telling her to hold on. Samuel raised his hand and asked to go to the bathroom. Luckily, he was allowed. As soon as possible he got to the B wing hallway where there was less traffic. In the stall, Samuel called Serenity right back.
“Wassup?” he asked.
“The city calls. Bank robbery in progress.” Samuel smirked at the thought of his very first heist stoppage.
Back at the bank Rey sat quietly watching the computer monitors as he drained all the accounts dry. The man who was covered by darkness was paying him more than enough. Greed was his thing. He gave the smile of a glutton watching the hundreds of thousands transfer to his accounts. Just when everything was going fine his guy that was standing guard outside of the glass went down. Rey jumped out of his seat.
“You saw that, too right?” Rey asked. The teller shook her head. Samuel suddenly appeared in the middle of the room. He looked around at all the people on the ground.
“Good ol knock out gas. Halothane I'm guessing,” Samuel said, standing tall as Energy Warrior. Rey walked out with his AK74.
“Well if it isn't the man himself. You know I really don't see why my employer is going to such lengths for you.”
“I’m just so valuable ya know.”
“Yesyou are. Beating you is going to be worth every dime.”
“Whatever.” The two stood, eyes locked onto each other. Rey clicked his tongue twice. Behind Samuel's back, four bodies rose from the unconscious and grabbed the guns that were taped to their backs. Rey smirked. Samuel slowly turned around.
“Nose plugs, right? Damn, I should have seen that coming.” The squad raised their guns and turned the room into a battle ground. The bullets clinked as they hit the armor. Samuel curled up trying to cover himself. There were innocent people in this room who had nothing to do with this. He had to make sure none of them got hit with a bullet. He reached out for one of the guns, bending the barrel back. The girl of the group had guts as she ran up banging him, swinging the gun like it was a baseball bat. He wasn't going to just deck a female. He caught the girl and swung her to the side. Quickly he swooped the guns up. Rey looked on at his team, this was ridiculous. Obviously, Energy Warrior was too fast. They need the upper hand. He knew just the trick.
“Go cloudy!”
They all nodded their hands. Samuel stood in the middle of them, eyes racing back and forth, looking for the next move. Each of them jumped back and threw down tiny pellets. The room filled with a dense cloud of smoke. Visibility was low and heart rate was high. Faintly just faintly he could see a leg or an arm here or there. Like a shovel, it hit, deaf and blind from a powerful flashbang. Samuel was kicked to one knee. When he tried to lift up he was punched as hard whoever could in the kidney. He could hear who ever hit him tense up in pain. His armor was no joke. Tired of the games, he sprung himself higher than the cloud of smoke and with a small wave of energy dispersed it. Touching the ground again he swiftly legged swept one and elbowed the other. They were like ninjas, gathering themselves and regrouping in a moment’s notice.
Over the sound of everyone and everything Samuel could still hear it. He smiled at the sound of sirens.
“Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do when they come for you? Bad boy’s bad boys,” Samuel sung in tune.
“From what I hear they'll have to choose between targets.” Rey had him there. He bolted to the back putting a gun to the poor girl’s head. She was already crying. Samuel shook his head.
“What is it with bad guys and holding hostage poor defenseless people?” Samuel asked.
“It’s cuz saps like you get all spineless and obedient when we do”. The cops pulled up getting in formation in front of the bank. The up roar of the whole situation was drawing a crowd
“Sweet heart. Look at me. Can you do me a favor and keep calm?” The girl shook her head yes.
“Oh, please are you really gonna give the whole everything’s gonna be alright speech? If I wanted it she'd be dead.”
Over the megaphone, the police told everyone to come out with their hands up. The squad watched on, their boss had Energy Warrior dead to rights. All guns were trained on him and there was nowhere to go.
“Sweet heart do me another favor and move your head a little to the left.” She was so scared with the metal pressed to her temple.” She did as she was asked. Rey tightened his grip. She shivered, looking to him. Samuel pointed his raised hand like a gun and fired an a surprisingly precise energy beam.
“Bam!” Samuel exclaimed. Rey was dropped automatically. He gave one look to the squad as the police were about to send their troops in. The hostage came running out with the thieves right behind her, walking slowly to their capture. Samuel flung Rey out behind them, knocking them down. Intrepidly he stepped out of the doors.
“We have a warrant for your….”
“BEFORE YOU ALL START! There's people in there. They've been knocked out with gas. They should wake up soon but call in ambulances anyway. I’m not your enemy. Don’t treat me like it.” He sped off. Another situation, taken care of.
Around six, the kid manned up and went to go see his friend.
“Hey, scar face,” he said walking into her room.
“Technically, wouldn’t it be scar ear?”
“Yeah.” She was healing quite well but even still, looking at it made him feel bad.
“Are you okay? I can’t believe he scarred you.” He thought he was being a good friend, going through all the check mark questions.
She moved away from his embrace. “Please don't do that,” she said.
“What?”
“Baby me. That's all everyone has been doing since. I'm tough.” Samuel stared to crack up a bit until he couldn't hide it anymore.
“What's so funny?”
“Yeah you tough alright. You so tough that if I go in that drawer over there I won't a find a bunch of SpongeBob panties.
“I hate you. But I'm serious. My dad doesn't even want me to go to school. Even Nika is being nice.”
“I just care…I mean we all just care about you. That's all.”
“And I appreciate it but stop. It's cool. Fox 2 news even wanted to interview me but I turned them away.”
“Fine, tough girl. I heard you stabbed the maniac that got you.”
“Sure did,” she smiled. Samuel gave her a high five. “When the cut smooths over, Imma get a tattoo near it. Something in Chinese.”
“Oooo be right back. Gotta take a tinkle,”.
“Wow. So very tough.” She slapped him with a pillow before she hopped out of the room. Samuel let a soft half smile show on his face. She was brave and he couldn’t have been prouder. On her bed, she left her notebook open. Samuel pulled it over to him and flipped through it. Past the science notes, he found a very interesting page There was this horrible doodle of what could be taken for Energy Warrior's helmet. It had all these questions marks floating around it. He could hear Genesis open the bathroom door. Quickly he threw her notebook into place and acted natural.
Rey de los ladrones had never seen lower days. He was a master criminal who had been perfecting his craft since child hood and this is where he ended up, sharing a cell with mates consisting of crying teenagers who had been pulled over. And so, walked in a little man who Rey was more than glad to recognize. The cop brought forth Greg Lanier front and center and left him. Rey jumped up to the bars.
“Thank God for you baldy! Get me out of here already.” Lanier looked upon him, the fallen so called master chief. He got close to the bars so the words that followed would only be theirs.
“I regret to inform you that my employer will not be bailing you out. In his words, exactly you are a failure and a complete utter waste of time. I also regret to inform you that the police have somehow found your hideout along with your stash. All two point four million has been taking in for let's call it evidence. Now, do not take this personally. It's just business. Enjoy the rest of your life sir.”
With such a light complexion, it was easy to see Rey turn red. He screamed Lanier's name a thousand times, spit flying from his mouth and veins protruding from his forehead. The best there was and this was it, simply a pawn in a much larger game of cat and mouse. The little man walked off with a smile. He never liked the pompous asshole.
Back to the defeater of Rey. Samuel stood on a water tower across from police headquarters. The night kept his presence. His gifted agility and dexterity allowed him to pace around the cone shaped ceiling. Through back flips and hand stands he passed the time. Serenity hit him with a call.
“I’ve hacked into their coms. Three minutes. They’re loading the trucks now.”
“Cool.”
Billy was going home, double life sentence, never to see the light of day again. Samuel saw two S.W.A.T. trucks move out onto the street. Silently, from roof top to roof top he followed for a minute or two. He took one of his super leaps to speed ahead. Samuel landed on a roof two and a half blocks from where they would merge on the freeway. He laid on his stomach in a sniper fashion. His right hand was the gun and his left the tripod. He had one shot to keep it stealthy, in the dark with unsure aim. Samuel closed one eye. The truck was coming in fast. He took the shot. The beam scraped the front trucks back tires. It was just enough to pop it. Lucky the driver was smart enough to keep calm and not spin out of control. The one behind him jammed up. With fast pace, every officer was out and comparing notes trying to figure out what happened. When they saw there, tire was shot out Samuel couldn't have found a better time to introduce himself. When their guns went up his hands went out.
“STOP!” he tried to reason with them. “Look I know me and the police force aren't on the exact same page but you have to believe me. That maniac you have in there, he knows something. Something that I need to….”
“FIRE!” The S.W.A.T. shot there shot guns and semi-automatics.
Forget it, he thought. Samuel ripped the gun away from the closest S.W.A.T. member and put it to him. The next was stupid enough to run at him. Samuel ducked under the blow and gave a head butt to the body. Two down, five to go. They were closing in on him. It was no more fight but fire power. Samuel hopped over the trucks for cover from their wild slugs. All five went quiet. The team captain ordered two on each side of the truck while he went over.
“IN HERE DUMB ASSES!” Samuel yelled from the back of the truck. They rushed to find it empty. He leaped from nowhere to push them in. They tried to push out but he lifted the truck off its back wheels, making them fall to the front in disarray. He welded the doors shut, leaving the truck to balance on its grill.
Samuel knocked on the truck. “Thanks for all your cooperation, gentlemen.” He ripped the back doors off the second truck to find Billy.
“Hi again, William. How ya doing?”
Billy raised his head, no expression or words to show how crazy he was.
“I knew you would find me.”
“I’ll cut to the point before you go into some spaz. Who was the man you were talking about? You said something before I took off. I wanna know”
“You wanna know about him? He wants to know about you too. Isn’t that so special.”
“Cut the shit. You know his name. You have to.” Samuel looked at him. He grabbed him by the shoulders and brought him close
“This is not the time to play. I’m sick of lookin over my shoulders every five seconds. Don’t make me hurt you.” Billy gave a hard-serial killer grin.
“Stop acting like some hardened detective. You’re not. I don’t have to tell you anything. Like I said. I just hope I get to see this all play out.”
Samuel heated his hand to fleshing scorching level. Billy screamed. But his scream turned to laughter, enjoyment maybe.
“WHO?!” Samuel yelled. Billy panted.
“I’m going back to twenty-three hour lock down. Nothing matters anymore.” Samuel stopped. No physical pain was going to make him squeal. He let off some steam with a right hand.
“Don’t drop the soap, dick.” Samuel left him right there in the back of that truck, leaned over and laughing.

VII. SPEED RACER
On late nights like these Samuel and Serenity would go over the facts. Who was after him? Who was the big man behind all the city puppets pulling the little strings?
“Ahhhh!” he yelled. “I just don't get it,” Samuel paced.
“Well maybe this tells us criminals have a good reason for not wanting to speak his name. Maybe his hype isn't hype.”
“They probably don't even know his real name? I mean I put some of them through their paces. And nothing.”
“This city stinks,” Serenity said.
“That’s what happens when everyone is dirty. Crazy thing is I met the man in charge.”
“What? When?”
“That night you got me off the freeway. I mean it was dark and neither of us saw each other’s clear faces. He called himself abducting me. Everyone one I've faced so far says he wants me for something. When I picked up the phone on that roof he said Bundy was his nephew. Did an uncle ever come around the club?”
Serenity put on her thinking face. “There was this one man. Bundy bullied and clowned everyone he ever came across but when this guy came through. Bundy became a puppy. On the tall side. Commanding presence. You get chills down your spine.”
“Yeah that's him alright. I mean. I can’t describe it. Meeting him was…. I just wouldn’t do it twice. All caught off guard like that.”
“It’s a start. Slow and steady wins the race,” she dug up words of encouragement.
“I don’t think he has any intention of moving slow.”
Some odd number of days passed by. Samuel was on his way to see Gordon. The guy said it had to be in person. Samuel found himself in a little pocket neighborhood, right off of seven mile. It was called Sherwood Forest. The houses were so bigger, bigger than he was used to. When he knocked on the door of the address a feminine voice answered. Samuel shook his head. No one could say Gordon without saying woman.
“It's Gordon's friend,” he answered. “He told me to meet him here. Says it's important.” She told him to hold on. After a moment of whispering she opened door. She was this lady that had to be at least in her mid-thirties, all wrapped up in robe with her hair tied up. She let Samuel in and led him in the kitchen where Gordon was at the table in nothing but his draws and twin golden cherubs. He was eating this beautifully prepared dinner of steak, stuffed baked potato, and asparagus. Samuel's jaw dropped as she sat beside him and wiped his face for him.
“Make my dude a plate.” At his command, she did just that. He smacked her on the butt just before she was out of range.
“Not in front of company,” she blushed. Samuel leaned over the table.
“How the hell do you do it? Samuel whispered. Gordon shrugged his shoulders. The women sat his plate down, kissed Gordon on the cheek and the left the room to the young men.
“How did you even…. does she know how old you are? You know feminists would eat you alive”
“We'll talk about all that later. Your questions should be bigger right now.” Gordon grabbed his phone, showing him some screen shot he took. “600 cops out for the arrest of Energy Warrior. Leave it to you to piss people off.”
Samuel chuckled. “It's a gift really. All this means is I'm headed in the right direction.”
“What the hell are you talking about?! The moment you get in that armor you got pigs after you. Straight!”
“How do I explain? You know that moment when you get lost in a video game? You know you’re on the right track when you find bad guys to fight. Other words Detroit's finest.” Gordon looked down and started to shake his head. “Boy, you something else.”
“No doubt,” Samuel laughed giving him a five. As he sipped, ate, and enjoyed himself with his friend he had. Not even fifty yards a fatal man by the name of Paris Piscal held a very lethal sniper rifle. A terrified family of four all tied up sat behind him. Paris was a weird cross between scientist and lone ranger. His size hidden by a thick brown leather trench coat. He was average height and wore black goggles with his size hidden by a heavy brown suede coat and to top it off a brown flat top dress hat. Piscal tapped the Bluetooth in his ear.
“He's in my sight.”
“No! He's lost the privilege of the of a quick death.”
“Quick unforeseen death is exactly my job description.”
“Your job is whatever I pay you to do. Wait until the time is right and bring him to me.
“It's your money.”
Thanks to the power of a couple of dime bags, things were of a much calmer mood over Karmen's house. Chill. Genesis hung her head over the front of Karmen's bed.
“The TV looks so cool upside down,” Genesis said.
“You so slow,” Karmen passed her a blunt. Genesis took a hit and passed it back.
“I needed this.” Karmen laughed.
“You sound like the depressed mother of four. You know the type that sits around in her suburban home and pops some pills before takin her kids to a soccer game.”
“Three. Instead of asking they high as hell momma those kids always come to me. Not to mention Taylin and his sex crazed ass.”
Karmen put the blunt out. “You callin him sex crazed. This coming from the girl that used to hump that big ass teddy that sits in the corner of her bed til this day.”
“We don't speak about Berry okay.”
“I don't get it. The finest boy in school wants to hit and you just super guarding the cookie like it's yo God given mission. Not to mention he's probably going to the NFL. Which means nothin but…. BIG BUCKS!”
“It just doesn’t feel right with him like it…. I can't explain it. Scratch that. I don't have to explain. The lord blessed me this wonderful, wonderful cookie so I can give it to whom I see fit. Don't get mad at me cuz anyone can have yours for a dollar and a dream.”
“Okay. One, fuck you. Two, I’m only saying Genesis he’s your ticket out of this hell hole.”
“Ticket outta here. For your information. I’m going to be a brain surgeon. Fuck I look like waitin for a man to take me outta here.”
“Yeah, call me when you hit the lottery to pay for all that school shit.”
“Just light the blunt back up. You killin my whole vibe.”
Strangely enough there was a distinct difference between good dying and bad dying. Young Samuel was the latter. It was hard to keep a smile on his face as he bagged food he couldn't afford. The only highlights of his day were when mothers would cause a scene with their children. Stuff like that was just funny to him. Every so often, he would make the mistake of putting meat on top of eggs or cans near glass. Some mumbled their way out the door and others chewed him out right there. Samuel sighed as he tried to fix it and simultaneously hold his tongue. Out of nowhere his grocery store arch nemesis Malik would pop up.
“I'm so sorry mam. He's new, not the brightest guy around.” Samuel licked his teeth as the lady and Malik shared a laugh at him.
“Thank you, Malik, thank you very much. Now if you could be so kind as to go out in the middle of the street and die that would be great.”
Malik went about his business having bested Samuel. Somewhere around 10:30 Samuel looked both ways out the door and left the grocery store. From a distance, Paris watched him, all his little subtleties. No better way to study than to observe your prey's actions.
“Now.”
Samuel was about to walk past the opening of a sketchy alley way when he heard cries for help. He hurried up. These three men were attacking a defenseless man. Samuel ran away only to drop from above as Energy Warrior.
“Jesus, I’m sick of cowards like you”
“Cut it,” Piscal ordered on communications. The theater beating stopped. Samuel stepped back rolling his eyes.
“Always an ambush.” They pulled out their guns. “Just one day. One day without being shot at,” he sighed. In no time, two of them ricocheted off the wall and kicked him in the chest. Samuel's back hit the cement. The next two tried to follow up with a smashing blow. He rolled away and let them hit the ground. They were in perfect sync. The fakers regrouped and started to fire. Samuel slid across the top of a dumpster for cover. He punched it, sending the trashy container flying towards the firing squad. They were all quick to dodge. When they looked back for Samuel he was gone. Instantly he rose from the garbage can behind them illuminated the away. Piscal kicked himself.
Heartbeats later one of the crew was coming to consciousness. He had no idea what was happening or where he was. The night sky was starting to thunder and rain drops were coming down. It took only half his senses to come back for him to know whose presence he was in, his eyes centered on an E. Samuel crouched as he held the man by the wrist over the nearest tallest building he could find.
“I'm done with this. I know it's HIM after me. Everywhere I turn someone is out to get me. Who is he?”
“You sound paranoid to me buddy.” Samuel considered his eyes. He didn't respect him, he didn't fear him, he wasn't even phased. A blow to the male ego.
“Don't mistake me for a superhero. I will drop you off this building.”
“You don't have the mettle,” he looked him right in the eyes. Samuel stared back with the hardest intensity. He snatched him towards his face.
“I promise this is not the time to be tough.” Samuel started to let his hand slip.
“You won't do it.”
“Butter fingers runs in the family,” he let his hand slip a bit more.
“I’m not crackin!”
Samuel spent his bluffs. Before anything could be done an out of the blue bullet forced his hands. The guy slipped right through his fingers and was falling to his doom. Without thought Samuel leaped off and caught the man just before he hit the ground. The dude was shaken to say the least. Samuel was left there holding a hyperventilating man on the side walk
In hell, the kid showed up to history looking all unraveled, pants and shirt wrinkled. Trying not to look awkward in front of a class of his peers he took his seat as quietly as possible. He could always tell when people were talking about him and right now his ears were burning.
“Nice of you to join us Mr. Mason,” the teacher said.
“My pleasure. Now if we could just act like I didn't just walk in that'd be great,” Samuel replied.
“You've been tardy three times this week.”
“I know I was there.” The class snickered.
“Okay, Mr. Mason. You're feeling pretty cocky today. You know how I operate. Pop quiz just for you, buddy. You fail everyone gets a zero for the day.”
All eyes were on him and he would be swiftly nailed to a cross if he lost.
“You can’t do that.”
“Great Migration. Start to end.” Samuel scratched his head.
“1915-1970.”
“Where was, Napoleon defeated?”
“Battle of Waterloo.”
“Three fifths compromise. What year?”
“1797”. The teacher stared him down.
“Two outta three. Sixty Seven percent. You made it. Barely.” Everyone wiped their beads of sweat. No one could afford that loss.
“Don’t come in my class room crazy ever again Mr. Mason.”
In the bathroom, Samuel stood side by side with Gordon as they both looked over a bullet.
“Serenity couldn't place it. You ever seen somethin like it.” Gordon analyzed it as best he could.
“Nothing I've ever seen. That’s black-market stuff. Where did this bullet even come from?”
“It was shot at me. Or at my hand. Look same thing. I'm interrogating this guy, holding him over a ledge. Next thing I know my hand is shot making me drop him. I caught him just before he hit the ground though.”
“Bro yo life gettin crazy. You gotta let me come on some of these little adventures.”
“I have to assume that this guy knows who I really am. From the looks of things, he a professionally. I don't want you in the cross hairs.”
“Boy, I get busy with people’s wives. I'm always in somebody’s cross hairs.”
“Look just chill on seeing me for a while. Just til I get stuff in order.” When the bell rung, they gave each other a five and went their separate ways.
Right about now Police Chief Gennady was a broken man. He took another drink of Jack Daniels. Liquor had a lot of uses but numbing agent had to be its key selling point. Chief Gennady wasn't always a sellout piece of scum. When he first became chief he had a big campaign against crime. He was going to make a change for Detroit and all its citizens. Totally wipe out crime within three years. That naivete, that young optimism was all before he met HIM. Now he was nothing more than an insignificant figure head, having to be ready always to do his bidding. He wiped his brow and took the checkout of his drawer. It was written out to him with a number that was triple his salary. He couldn't argue with the ends to a means. Stay quiet, nice house, wife has pearls, kids go to a top-notch school, still didn't help one man carry his guilt. He had to bust this Energy Warrior. The man was on his back plus if this guy ousted him, he'd be through. He'd be just another corrupt official in Detroit's long history of them. Suddenly one of his lieutenants burst in letting him know a situation that was unfolding in the lobby. Yesterday a six-grand reward was being offered for any information on the outlaw Energy Warrior. The place was filled with crack heads, the homeless, hell just ordinary people. Anybody would know anything for a quick buck. Chief Gennady shook his head. How was he to wade through the fake and the real? He got his wits about him. He ran back to his office to grab a megaphone.
“HEEEEEYYYYY!!!” he yelled at the top of his lungs, silencing the room.
“INFO! THAT'S WHAT WE NEED. YOU HERE TO MAKE A QUICK BUCK?! TOO BAD! THE PRICE HAS JUST BEEN LOWERED TO A HUNDRED BONES, THAT'S IT!” The room cleared out in the blink of an eye. Only a faithful few stood.
“Now that we got that under control. You all! Come with me.”
The kid’s time was spent admiring the birds and the stars. He was so close to flying. All alone, Samuel tried to propel himself. He stressed his muscles. All that effort to fall on his ass. At least his failure was self-contained. Nobody could even get to where he was, nobody normal anyway. On his back, he looked to the sky. One day real soon, he thought. Genesis called. Shit. He wasn’t even supposed to be talking to this girl. Too risky. Samuel couldn’t will himself to hit ignore.
“Wassup?!” he answered fighting such frustration.
“Well, Mr. aggressive. Where would you be at this very moment?”
He looked around at his peculiar setting of Detroit’s roof tops.
“My bad. Uhhhhh Why?”
“Well if I'm not mistaken. Tonight, was scary movie night. You know pizza, popcorn, chocolate all that good stuff.”
Silent alarm tripped at Detroit Historical Museum. I silenced it. Didn't think you would want any trouble while you dealt with what's inside. Good luck, a text came in from Serenity.
“Look uhhhh. About scary movie night. I…..,” Samuel sighed and made his decision. “Truth. I had better things to do.” Genesis was silent for a quick second.
“Fine be like that. Dick head. You were the one who made these plans? What for if you were just going to bail?”
He couldn’t find an excuse. “Fine Sam. You do you,” she hung up, throwing her phone to the side. Samuel face palmed. Life was just so swell. Anyway, duty called and he was duty’s bitch. He rolled off the people mover and fell into a slow descent.
Through the sky light, Samuel dropped in at the Detroit Historical Musuem. The place was dully lit with moonlight and in the darkness, all the attractions and statues were so eerie. Samuel walked around. He had been offered a hundred field trips here in middle school. Never had the money or the parent sober enough to sign the permission slip.
“You can come out now!”
All he heard was the echo in the distance. “C'mon I'm really starting to feel stupid talking to myself. Okay, I talk to myself all the time. But for real. C’mon. Come out now and I'll go easy.” Samuel saw something whip past him in the shadows.
“By all means. Please don't go easy on me.” Samuel spun his whole body around looking for a body to put to the voice.
“Samuel Lesane Solomon Mason IV.”
“How the….? Does a secret identity mean anything to anyone?”
“Having all your information play peek a boo in and out of the system. Nice.”
“I've never met voices who could do background checks.” The moment his back was turned something came flying at him. Not even a second before it hit him he turned around and caught it. He looked down realizing what it was. He smiled at the Kill Bill type blade.
“We’re giving gifts now. I feel so bad. I didn’t get you anything?”
Samuel pulled the sharpened katana from its glossy black sheath. Paris Piscal stepped from the shadows.
“16th Century. The attacks on a Japanese village were becoming too much to handle. Even their greatest of warriors were not enough to combat the brutal battles. Five, that was all it took. Five of the best blacksmiths Japan had ever seen gathered together and birthed that beautiful peace that your holding. It was given only to the village's greatest warrior. Legend says he battled men that equaled three armies and won. It was passed down to his son and then the son's son and so on. It's an insult to the blade to let it become some dust collector in a museum. Earn the name Warrior.”
“That's a nice little story. You read that to your children at night?”
“I hope you fight like you joke,” Piscal said.
“Come find out,” Samuel raised the sword. Piscal slithered back into the shadows. Sentries rose from the showcases surrounding Samuel and lit him up. They shot him from every direction with unrelenting ammunition. Piscal watched from the balcony. He pressed what looked like a detonator making the shots cease. Samuel stumbled forward, his armor smoking.
“I’m not a psychopath nor a pretty boy bank robber and I’m no fool. You absorb energy and you….” Samuel's shoulders moved up and down as he laughed.
“How right you are.” He leaped from the floor to crash on the balcony, barely missing Piscal.
“He just keeps sending you all. Everybody wants to kill me! I must be big shit,” he ranted. Piscal jumped from the ledge swinging on a banner from the balcony to the floor. Samuel dived in after him to miss. In the mere seconds, it took for them to cross paths, in mid-air Piscal threw three knives with pin point accuracy to his chest. Samuel blasted a shot at the ground to propel himself back in the air and land on a show case.
“Ooo! Nice one, idiot.”
The ever crafty Piscal spoke one word.
“Detonate.”
The throwing knives exploded, blasting Samuel into the wall behind him. He fell on all fours. Piscal slowly approached him and slapped a device on his back. His armor dissipated.
“You see young man this is what you call tactical readiness,” he pulled out a desert eagle.
“I dig your coat full of toys. I really do. But it’s got to go.” Samuel snapped his finger letting a single weak little spark set the coat ablaze. In Piscal's fiery distraction Samuel kicked him and ran for it. In an exhibit, he called Serenity.
“Is everything alright?!”
“Call the police!”
“What? Why?”
“Just get them here!” Samuel ripped the device off his back. His left glove appeared. The particles were scattered. “Shit.”
“Don't make this harder than this has to be.”
“Whatever!” Samuel yelled. Within seconds Piscal was at his position but he was gone.
“You suck!” Samuel kept alluding him. It was a crazy death match, ant and magnifying glass. “C'mon! FIND ME!” Piscal was getting frustrated. But then the blue and red light killers were outside.
“COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!”
“Damn it,” the assassin mumbled hiding behind a corner. Samuel ran in behind Piscal bum rushing him. There wasn't an ounce of honor in his fighting. Kicking, spitting, scratching. The boy was the super powered equivalent of a bar room brawler, nasty. Piscal wriggled his way out. He blew some crazy sort of dust in his face, leaving the young man blind. He swung wildly trying to defend himself. By the time, he got his vision back Piscal was being pulled up by a grapple gun through the skylight.
“Oh, no you don't.” Samuel leaped in to the air to take flight only to fall harder than Icarus. Flying was what drained the battery most, moderation was everything. The right leg of his armor came on.
Outside chief Gennady arrived on the scene with a gang of cops. As soon as he hopped out the car he was handed a megaphone. He motioned everyone to stay back he walked to the top of the museum steps.
“THIS IS A ONE-TIME OFFER! WALK OUT NOW! COME QUIETLY!”
Samuel sat up with cracking, aching bones. “It's always me,” he complained. Bravely he flicked out his arm. His armor was on the fritz but he kept trying. He managed to get the left shoulder guard and arm. Quickly he grabbed up the katana and cut a piece of cloth from one of the exhibit's statues. Samuel wrapped it around his mouth to conceal his identity.
“TIME'S UP!”
He hopped to a high beam and watched the police flood in from above. Blood thirsty and heavily armed police officers lead the hunt. He took a deep breath as he looked for the best move.
“We're gonna catch this slippery son of a bitch. I can feel it. Stay alert.”
“Place already looks like a struggle went down.”
“Pshh. He's all hype. He must be. Right?”
“You know what everyone says? They say he's like Hercules.”
“Can he really fly?”
“Would everyone just shut up and find him?!”
One man was stupid enough to break off alone. Samuel smiled. He made his way through the Neanderthal exhibit, admiring them. He even laughed at how stupid the cave men looked. Samuel dropped from up and above and put the cop through glass making him let out a horror movie scream. Samuel was sure to grab his walkie talkie. Everyone moved to his location.
“Jesus, that's Jackson,” his buddy exclaimed. His body was full of glass. “Get a medic. God there's a lot of blood. Hurry!”
“Don't worry. He won't bleed out. We're not at that point just yet.” Samuel's voice became deep and looming. From inside to out everyone listened in.
“You've been hunting me and I'm not too thrilled about that. All these police for me. What about the people who really need your help. Almost like that young man that was killed last week. You all wait in speed traps and eat donuts when you have a city with cancer on your hands. I am not your enemy. But if you choose to make me out as such. Well I pray for your sorry souls. I imagine the chief is out there so know this, I'm coming for you. I know you work for the man who really pulls the strings. I will expose you. Good luck.” With that Samuel crushed the walkie talkie and ended communications.
“Okay, I'm using the cameras, Sam. Detroit Historical museum. As far as I know. 12 cop cars outside. 3 SWAT VANS. 9 hostiles inside, all armed. M4 assault rifles, standard issue. A helicopter inbounds to your location.”
“I need to move and I need to move fast.”
“Basically.”
“Thanks.” Samuel hopped down. One of the SWAT thought they heard something. Off emotion, he moved frantically with his gun. Samuel slipped up and let a leg in sight. A bullet was shot, just missing him. From showcase to showcase he appeared and vanished. He elbowed one of the cops taking them down. Out in the open, every bullet was intended for him. Samuel dodged what he could and threw himself at them with no remorse. There were so many left.
“Hostiles moving in from the ceiling,” Serenity chimed in. That doubled their forces. When they shot their shots, Samuel hid behind a statue. Remorseless lead chopped away at it, covering his ass less and less.
He beat his chest. “C’mon,” he hyped himself up.
Samuel planted himself like Usain Bolt. From there to the door was a life time away. So savagely he ran towards the opposition. Slash one with the katana, one down. Jaw one, two down. Grab a gun fling it at his head, three down. A jumping knee, four down. They were no match for an adrenaline pumping Energy Warrior. A bright light was flashed in his eyes from the hovering helicopter outside. Samuel leaped through the highest window he could and sloppily landed on the hood of a police car. Off instinct he snatched a gun and held chief Gennady hostage.
“BACK OFF!” he yelled. They stood there waiting for the order.
“DO WHAT HE SAYS! DO WHAT HE SAY!”
“That’s right! Back UP!”
Samuel pushed him in a car and drove off. As soon as he was a distance everyone one followed. The copter was right on their tail with a spot light on them.
“They'll catch you. You know that,” the chief said.
“Yeah. You say that.”
Samuel rammed his foot on the gas even harder. Ninety miles and up was all that was allowed in this chase. Needle sharp turns, scared anyone sane off the road. The mistake was looking in the rear view. Half of America was after him. He slapped the driver side window sticking his hand out, firing off.
“You're on every new station in Detroit. They will chop you down,” Serenity warned.
“YOU NEED TO STOP THIS! THEY'LL BLOW THIS CAR OFF THE ROAD IF THEY HAVE TO!”
“No, they won't, not with their precious chief in the car.”
“ARE YOU CRAZY?!”
“Maybe.” Samuel killed the noise and focused on the road. The buildings and all his settings were racing past his view. The gas stopped flowing, the car shut off, and suddenly they were gliding. Samuel made the biggest swerve. Everyone came to a halt.
“STEP OUT OF THE VEHICLE!”
The kid stepped up. Every spot light was on him, he was the man of the hour. The narcissist in him loved it.
“YOU WANT YOUR CHIEF?! FINE!”
Samuel ripped him out of the car and held him, feet dangling. Out of nowhere the car behind them exploded and they were engulfed in the flames. All the men ran towards it ready to aid. This couldn't be happening. Energy Warrior did not just kill the chief.
Somewhere far away and discreet Samuel sat Gennady against a wall.
“You work for him. I know you do. Why does he want me?”
“How are we alive?”
“Gas tank. A bullet didn’t hit it directly but it made its way eventually, still hot enough to ignite. There. I answered yours. Now answer mine.”
“I don't know what you’re talking about. Just let me go. You won't have any more problems from the police. I swear.
“You’re a figure head. Don't make promises you can't keep.”
“I don't know.” Samuel came down to his level.
“You see I figured you had a few bad eggs until I saved those people from that fire. Fire house right down the street but no answer. Then it was the bank. It’s just a coincidence that 95% of police officers hold accounts there. The response time too. When the alarm was finally tripped, best in the city. Who is he?” Gennady had no response. Samuel put the tip of his finger on his skull.
“I'm going to burn my way through your head.”
“He'll kill me, you, my family, and anyone we ever met.” Samuel took a reflective step back. This man wasn't criminally insane or a straight blood thirsty fiend. He was a guy, a normal guy, maybe a different approach was needed. They had some time. He sat beside Gennady.
“I watched your old speeches way back when. When you first became chief you know. Did you grow up here?” Samuel asked. Gennady looked into the eyes of the man he should have been detaining.
“Of course, I did. Are you kidding? No better place to be. The history, the music, the FOOD. God, I love Coney Island. Jerome Cavanagh was mayor when I was growing up. The city was a nice place. Me and my friends could go trick or treating without worrying about some perv sadist snatching one of us up. Life’s just different now.”
“Amen.” The two looked like they should’ve been on a stoop somewhere passing a forty ounce back and forth.
“Chief Gennady, I don’t know you from a bag of rice but I can tell you love this city. You promised it and its people change. Maybe I can help you with that.” He could seriously see Gennady considering it. “You obviously are being bent to someone else’s will. This is your way out. Here and now chief. Help me help you protect this city we both care about.” Gennady tapped his fist against his forehead trying to thing. So many voices in his head. So many responsibilities pulling him every which way.
“I can't. I just can't,” Gennady hung his head. “If it were any other way! I would. I SWEAR TO GOD I WOULD!”
Samuel could hear the twisting of helicopter blades rising over the building. He made sure to slip something in his pocket.
“This is for when the good man in you beats the coward.” Quickly Samuel made his exit leaving the chief with a crazy ultimatum.
Paris Piscal slammed two brief cases in front of the man who was covered by darkness desk.
“You failed. I paid you in advance. Why not do a Houdini and disappear?”
“I didn't fail. I had him.”
“My puppets wouldn't have been involved if you had him.”
“Now, he has my respect. No pay. Think of me as your personal employee. I'll hunt him like a dog and you'll have him.”
The man sat back in his chair, twisting one of his rings, contemplating the offer.
“Know this Piscal,” the man pulled his Dunamis revolver. Second chances with me are like tornados in this city. Rare. Your next failure results in death.” Both men with their own agenda, they nodded their heads and Paris departed.
Over Genesis's house Samuel and she were washing dishes. Her day came to get a beer out of the refrigerator. When he closed, it he smiled.
“Awww look as Mr. Mrs. such and such.” They looked back.
“All the time I've known you and you still don't know my last name? Mason. How did you not know that?”
Genesis flicked him in the mouth. “Don't encourage him!” Samuel rubbed it.
“That hurt!”
“It was supposed to. Gordon walked and stopped just looking at Samuel standing at the washer. Genesis hugged Gordon.
“Hey Gen lemme borrow him right quick.”
“He's all yours.” Gordon took Samuel outside.
“Whatchu want?” Samuel asked being pushed out the door.
“Was you in there washing dishes just now?”
“Yeah, so?” He thought nothing of it.
“Bruh!” Samuel rolled his eyes and groaned.
“Don't you start with me!”
“How you pussy whipped but ain't gettin none. Explain that to me.” Silence from Samuel. “See this is what I'm talking about. All this coming over, washing dishes, helpin clean. Leave that shit to TAYLIN. HER BOY-FRIEND. You hear me! You ever see that fool over here tryin to be Nanny McPhee. For real there's nothing wrong with being nice but cut that out.” Samuel smacked his lips.
“Man, shut up. I was ten seconds away from planting a tracker. Leave me alone. I’ll know her location at all times. I’m tryin to keep her safe dumb ass!”
“Fine. That’s your story and your sticking to it? That’s why the only thing Taylin cleaning out is Genesis's guts. Remember that.” Samuel took that blow to the heart.
“Bet bread he not.” Gordon put out his hand quick.
“Bet.” They shook on it.”
“You know I was coming to give you yo props on your little car chase. That shit was nice. But now you messed up.”
“We'll see, one condition, neither of us says anything.”
“Then how do….?” Samuel smiled.
It was four in the afternoon and Genesis was just getting home from school. The kids weren't home yet and neither was Nika. She threw her book bag to the side and plopped on the bed. The doorbell rang. Genesis yelled. When she opened the door, it was Serenity to her surprise. They hugged
“Hi, what are you doing here?”
“I thought we could hang out? Nothin better to do.” Genesis shrugged her shoulders. She pulled her inside by the wrist.
“Welcome to my house. 24/7 of hell on earth. Don't let the quietness fool you the brats that science calls my siblings have yet to arrive.” Genesis was right back in her room.
“That was the bathroom we passed, right?”
“Yup,” Genesis said mindlessly turning on Netflix. In the bathroom, Serenity called Samuel and Gordon. Samuel standing in the middle of the broken museum and Gordon smoking at his house.
“Alright let’s get this shit poppin.”
Samuel was looking around the museum.
“Shouldn't you be focused on finding clues?”
“It's called multi-tasking. Try it sometime.”
“Boy whatever. Put yourself on mute.” This is so stupid, she thought. Serenity took a seat and put her phone down where Samuel and Gordon would be able to hear.
“Soooo how was school?” Serenity asked. Genesis paused the TV and turned around.
“Boring. These two big girls fought but I was in class somewhere. I hate missin the good stuff.”
“It’s been a minute since we talked. You been straight?”
“I have three kids, a boyfriend, and a Sam. Don’t get me started on these teachers who I can’t even begin to throw enough shade at.”
“Damn, alright then. I didn’t even know you had boyfriend?”
“Duh. Six foot. Brown skin. Big head. Annoying,” Genesis pulled him up on her phone and showed her. Serenity was in shock.
“He's flawless. Seriously. I know for fact you've had to beat some of his fans off.”
“Don’t be nice. You mean hoes.”
Samuel was giving Serenity the middle finger so hard through the phone. He looked around for anything left by the assassin. All the torrents were gone. Samuel swept the whole room, not a shell casing to be found. The police department had declared this a crime scene, they even had the yellow tape to surround the entrance. The police are in deep with this crime lord, Samuel thought. These things were clean and swept under the rug.
“Thirsty girls? Yup. He's a football player. Quarterback. Two state championships.”
“You gave it up yet,” Serenity asked nudging her with her shoulder.
“I'm still a good girl,” she posed erotically
“Whatchu trying to say. I'm bad?” Serenity asked. Genesis fell out.
“I didn't mean it like that silly ass. I just mean that's not me yet. One day.” Serenity shook her head in a sort of approving way. “I’m just not ready yet. But real talk I haven't even told Karmen this but I'm planning on giving it up soon. I mean if you look around my room he kinda deserves it. The teddy bears, the shoes, all my bath and body works. I don't want anyone thinking I'm holding out just for stuff. Plus. It’s time. He’s been patient for the most part.”
“ You sticking to yo guns. You’re a keeper for real.”
“I think I just fell in love with you. I want you to meet my other friend Karmen and explain that to her.”
“His patience?” Samuel kept repeating to himself. He paced back and forth.
“I know you feelin dumb my boy?” Gordon laughed.
“Patience my ass. Try coming over every day for 3 months in 10th grade to teach yo ass geometry. That's patience.” Gordon was holding his sides he was laughing so hard.
“You salty. ARE YOU MAD?!” Gordon teased.
“SHUT UP!” he yelled, kicking the bottom of a showcase making it collapse. Through his anger, he noticed something sticking out of a wreckage.
“Bye,” Samuel hung up quickly. He meddled all through it finding an ID card, belonging to one Shannon McNeil.
Late that night, Ms. McNeil was walking out of a bar downtown. She had a smile as big as life, probably hanging out with her girlfriends. She went to the parking lot a block down and found her blue Honda. After throwing her stuff in the trunk she was ready to go. When she adjusted her mirror, she shrieked at the sight of a ghastly Energy Warrior. Wildly she flopped around in her seat trying to get out
“Ms. McNeil,” he called. She was too shaken up to listen to reason. “Ms. McNeil,” he called again.
“Please, please don't kill me. I have a family. I have a husband. Friends. Please. They'll notice I'm gone,” she exclaimed.
“Ms. McNeil I'm not here to hurt you. I just need to talk. I know my voice sounds scary.” Samuel turned off his voice changer. “Better?” he asked. “Look, don't believe what they say about me in the media. It's being controlled, like it always is. Long story short. I found your ID at the museum.”
“You hospitalized 16 cops. They thought you killed the chief.”
“But I didn't. You know that. They found him on a roof top safe and sound. Now I know you swept up the evidence that anyone else was their besides me and the cops. Who bribed you? That's all I wanna know.” She gulped and had no clue what to say. “I'm not some self-righteous asshole. Hell, I'd take a bribe any day in this economy. Just tell me who.”
“I don't know! One day while I was in the lab one of my buddy cops asked me out for dinner. He was nice and he came at me politely so I agreed. Why not? He took me to this nice restaurant way out somewhere. It was Ruth something. Ruth Crisp! Anyway. When we walked in the place was empty. He stood to the side while the waiter took my coat. There was this man sitting at a table in the middle of the room. I looked to my friend and he was gone. The man at the table called me over. I was nervous but I sat with him. You could tell he was important, I bet his suit cost more than my car. He was such a gentleman. A smooth talker. He wiped his mouth and stopped eating. He placed a check for sixty grand on the table. Said it was mine if I did what I did. You have to understand I have three kids and my husband just lost his job I…..”
“I told you, I understand,” he assured her gently. What did he look like? Can you tell me any distinguishing marks, anything?'
“The lighting was dim. I think I don’t remember much on purpose. Whoever he is I don't have a good feeling about him.”
“Did he speak of who you were covering up for.”
“I remember at one point one of his guys said he needed to speak to him. The guy wouldn't get up so he just whispered. I managed to hear the name Pisco something. No wait Piscal. I over heard him say Piscal”
“Thank you.”
She turned sitting back in her seat relieved.
“Thanks for not throwing me to the wolves. I really….” When she looked to see him he was gone.
Paris sat on the ledge of a sky scraper admiring his rifle as Samuel dropped behind him.
“You're not the only one who can find someone.” For just a moment Paris's jaw dropped but then came his smile.
“So, I see,” he said, standing.
“I ran your name through about a thousand data bases. Paris Piscal, one of the most dangerous men on earth. Born in 76 fell off the grid by 99. Or so you thought. You’ve killed everything from world leaders to kingpins. You could shoot an ant from a thousand yards.” Paris chuckled.
“Well color me impressed.”
“Color you warned. Do not test me. I always pass. If my information makes it out I will personally make sure you get what’s coming to you. I won’t hold back.” Paris threw him a flash drive.
“That's all I have on you. Your one of the few me who I respect. I'm man enough to admit it. You almost had me at that museum. You'll be seeing a lot more of me.” With no dramatics, Piscal stepped backwards off the ledge to what seemed like suicide. Samuel ran but when he looked over he was gone.
After a long day, Samuel opened the door to his dark empty apartment. He dressed down into his boxers and under shirt. When the day was done he just stared at the white ceiling above. He always reflected in these moments. Many times, he found himself playing the worst parts of his days. The girl he loved saw him as nothing more than a goof ball big brother. Like the masochist he could be, he clicked on his phone and looked at the picture Serenity sent him confirming what Genesis was planning. It was a picture of a white medicine bottle labeled Reclipsen, birth control. And so, he stared. A million thoughts ran through his mind. A man was out to kill him with an assassin on his team, he was barely making it check to check and life was just not working out. Amazingly, the word suicide came to his mind. He laughed at the thought. Samuel wouldn't give the world the satisfaction. With that he rolled over and tried to get some sleep.

VIII. THE HAIRCUT
It was the middle of November. The first hints of snow started to fall. It was getting much colder out and so out came the North faces. The best Samuel could do was his hand me down old dark green coat. The worst thing about it was it used to be Eric's. In his I, don't care kind of way, Samuel walked into the doors of MHS. He took off his hat and scratched his nappy hair. The girl behind him, waiting to go through the metal detector scrunched up her face. He grabbed the small breakfast they offered and headed to the steps leading to the balcony. There he sat until it was time for class. As he rested against the rail bars high above the rest he took a deep breath and closed his eyes. What was next, he asked himself. He didn't feel like hearing Gordon and he was kind of mad at Genesis. He was never going to say anything. He never made his move and it was no one’s fault but his own.
At Sphinx Industries, the man and his advisor walked the long hallway that was the secret entrance to his office.
“All officers have been armored with the best Sphinx has to offer per your request sir.”
“How's my knight?” the man asked.
“Piscal? He's close to biting his own arm off. You haven't deployed him yet sir. If I may, I suggest we give him something to do before he gets too antsy.”
“Agreed. I have just the thing in mind.”
“Another thing sir. The test results came back from your last physical diagnostic exam. I have them here. I suspect you want to read them yourself.” The man took them from him.
“No disturbances,” he closed the door on his right hand.
Chief Gennady rushed into his home. The house in Bloomfield was nowhere near modest, beautiful in every sense of the word. No matter how beautiful it was, it was empty. He grabbed a gun from the desk in his home office. God, was he tense. His skin was red and his head shined with sweat. After grabbing two suit cases he was headed for the door. When he yanked it open Paris Piscal stood in the door way.
“Who the hell are you?!” Gennady yelled. He did nothing but walk forward and bully him back in the house.
“You should really watch your language,” the man said walking in. Fuck, Gennady couldn’t believe it.
“Wha-what are doing?” Gennady stuttered.
“It's my house,” the man shrugged his shoulders. “Last time I checked it's my money that paid for it. Thought I’d make a visit.”
“What do you want from me?” Gennady asked taking a step towards the man.
“Easy,” Piscal told him, putting the nose of his gun to him. Gennady sat down in his recliner.
“You know I of all people do not beat around the bush. What did you tell Energy Warrior when you were with him?”
“Nothing,” Gennady shook his head. “Not a God damn word. I wouldn't betray you. You know me 10 for 10. I'm loyal, I owe you that. Like you said, you made me.” The man focused his burning stare.
“Why are you sweating?” the man asked.
“It's hot in here. You can fell it, can't you?”
“Where were, you headed in such a rush. It wouldn't be to those precious wife and kids you flew out to North Carolina, is it? You know the ones staying at your sister’s house.”
“Leave my family out of this,” Gennady sprung from his seat. The man pushed him back down.
“You know I was going to have Piscal do this quick and clean. Years of spineless loyalty earned you that.” Gennady shook his head like he was arguing with himself, tearing up.
“No,” he repeated. “It's got to mean something more than that? Please.” The man walked up to him. He stood there, threatening as ever. He gripped his employee’s jaw.
“Every Jesus has his Judas. You were on your way to spill to Energy Warrior. No more. This operation does not provide room for loose ends or loose lips.” He let Gennady go, leaving him to fall to his knees crying, pleading, begging for his life.
“Be a man for once Sullivan!”
When he heard those words that’s what gave him his spirit back. Slowly, Gennady got it together and stood right in the man’s cold face.
“Years. Years I worked for you. I did every little thing your little Lucifer mind could conceive and this is it huh? Well guess what? I’m okay. Because you’re the one who’s in trouble. You know why? Because this city has an Energy Warrior. He’s young. You can tell from the mistakes he makes. But that’s what youth is all about. Learning. Knowing what call to make. That time has long passed for an old whipped pitiful dog like me. You too. You’re about my age now aren’t ya J? His youth is his hunger and he’s coming for you. As you grow weaker he can only ultimately become stronger. Face the music. Your time is up. You kill me now and it won’t be long before we meet in…….”
He executed the police chief. Murder. A Quentin Tarintino type of gore. It was funny, for years his wife said the inside of the house needed a more vibrant color. Well now his bloody brains painted the walls. The crime lord and assassin stood there, no remorse, no mourning.
Down the halls, Samuel noticed everyone looking at him then quickly looking away. They laughed or whispered to the person beside them. High school in a nutshell. What was wrong, was a question he always found himself asking. Even when he was in the bathroom people standing around the sink were laughing and pointing. They moved out the way so he could wash his hands. Samuel looked around at his peers angrily confused.
“Can I ask what the hell is so funny?” One of them clicked on their phone and turned it so he could see. Someone had uploaded a picture of his hair on snap chat with the caption reading, flame this guy. Samuel shook his head and kind of stormed off. Genesis tried to stop him in the hall but he just moved past her. She wondered what was wrong with him. When she finally sat down in class and checked her messages she knew what was up. In a group chat on kik someone was passing around that picture of Samuel and having the time of their life cooking him. A while after school let out, Samuel burst into his house throwing his stuff off. He headed straight for the bathroom. In the mirror, he ran his hands through his hair.
“Joke is always on me huh?” he mumbled to himself like a mad man. “Every single fucking time. I don't get it. I just do get it. Why me?! Why every single time do I have to be the odd man out. I mean those assholes walk around looking like slaves they shit so nappy. But nooo. That makes them foreign, that makes them cute. Me? Naw. Just makes me more fucking ugly.” Samuel turned around from his rant and ran his arm through a wall. After a second to process he realized what he had just done and yanked his appendage out.
Samuel stood on the corner of his door as he received a yearlong lecture on responsibility and how to take care of things from his land lord. This must be the white people version of getting cussed out, he thought. The man had a vein popping out from his forehead. He was seriously turning a deep red. Genesis walked up from out of nowhere and just stood there.
“Listen to me and listen to me good Mr. Mason. In ADDITION to your regular rent you will pay me in full for the repairs.” Someone was just asking about that space and now I have nothing to present to them.” Samuel shook his head, not a complaint or comment. The land lord walked off with all his old white rage. Looking down at his shoes he was choosing his next words. He looked up at Genesis and knew he had to be Sam.
“That man looks like the poster child for erectile dysfunction, don't he?”
“Shaking my head. You too stupid.” He motioned her into his humble abode. When she was in he did a spin into the apartment, closing the door behind him.
“What can I do for you love?”
She took it into her hands.
“Uhh what's in there?”
She pulled him into the bathroom and sat him down on the edge of the tub while she stood in the tub behind him.
“Styles by Genesis.”
“Styles my ass,” he got up. “ I remember when you first started cutting hair. I was dumb enough to be your first victim.” Genesis smiled combing out his hair. Samuel winced. “Watch it,” he told her.
“Wouldn't be so bad if you took a brush to it every once and a while. You were the so-called wave God before. What happened?”
“Don't worry about it.” Samuel yanked away as she hurt him again. She pulled his head back.
“You know I pop those kids when they squirm like this.”
“Please pop me. Let’s see how that works out for you. You gon mess around and need x-rays.” Genesis laughed then caught a glimpse of the hole behind the door.
“That hole go all the way through?”
Samuel was a little embarrassed.
“Me and my temper. What a long relationship we've had.”
After combing out his hair Samuel had a mini afro.
“Now comes the fun part.” She pulled a large bottle of shampoo out of her bag. Samuel was in a true paradise while she massaged the shampoo into his skull.
“This is what I live for,” he whispered in ecstasy. Genesis giggled. There wasn't a peep between the two. She looked like she had something on her mind. He sort of had this crazy sense when it came to her.
“You alright?” he asked. Mmhmm was her reply.
“Genesis.”
“I’m good.”
“Genesis.”
“Fine. Be for real with me.”
“I always am,” he giggled.
“For real,”
“Ok for real. Just keep massaging my head.”
“Where do you go all the time? Skipping school and stuff. I barely see you.”
“It's called having two jobs my dear friend. You see unlike yours my dad left me before I was even born. There's nobody to go cry to. I have three people I can depend on. Me, myself and I. Always been like that and always will.”
“Play that tough shit with everybody else. I know the real you. The little boy who cried watching the lion king.”
“One fuck you. Two I was 10. Three….”.
“10? Try fourteen.” Samuel flipped her off. She cracked up
“What's that you always say? You'll be alright.” After rinsing his head of all the soap, she blow dried his hair.
“So now I got a question. What made you show up to my house wanting to cut my hair.”
“I felt like it and plus you needed it.”
“Tell the truth. I already know why.”
“As soon as you do.”
“I never lied,” he laughed.
“Yeah, Okay Sam.”
Now came the even cooler part. Ever since she was little Genesis had the hands of a surgeon. Her clippers felt so good to his skin. When his fade was finished, she blew them off like an old western cowboy and set them down. Done, she leaned on his back with her arms around his neck. Genesis took in a whiff of him. Say what you want about Samuel, he always smelled so good and the shampoo made it even better. An eased Samuel gave her arm a kiss. To the untrained eye, they were lovers. She had such smooth skin, he thought. He looked up at her pretty eyes looking down on him. Now was the moment. He would never feel this way for another human being. Lift her up by the arms, take her for a run at 200 miles per hour. Tell her that you love her and live the rest of your life happily ever after.
“I gotta tell you something,” he said softly.
“That can wait. For right now I need you in front of that mirror.” Samuel stood up having missed another chance. His hair looked magnificent, a comforting silver lining. For the first time in a while he smiled at his reflection. His hair line was sharp and on point at every angle. Genesis smiled.
“Don't you feel much better? You even have a few waves still.”
“I do. Thank you,” was all he could really come up with.
“Well you are certainly welcome,” she said leaving the bathroom.
“Take your time. Admire my work. Worship my art.” She laughed, waiting for Samuel to tell her something along the lines of fuck off. When he didn’t, she looked at him. He stared at that mirror. She smirked, happy for him and left him to it. Samuel still with a smile on his face checked the notification he just got on his phone. It was Serenity, she had sent him a link. He clicked on it and his eyes couldn't believe what he was reading. Police chief dead at 53. Genesis was in the kitchen. She had just eaten but cutting hair had always made her hungry. The girl could always eat.
“I'm so fat,” she patted her stomach. When Genesis opened the door She just stared at the emptiness. There wasn't even a box of baking soda.
“Sam?” she called. “When's the last time you ate something decent?” When she heard no answer, she searched for him. “Sam?” She took a deep breath when she saw his door left open. “Un-fucking-believable.”
As Samuel moved at high speeds he called Serenity and demanded Gennady's last known address. She was prompt. He stood across the street in minutes. Police were all over the place. Why did this happen? Gennady didn't squeal so why was he dead, the kid wondered. Samuel clenched his fists. The death toll was rising and for this to happen after an assassin got so close to his home. Police walked up to him.
“Move along kid. Last thing we need is people staring.” Samuel backed up so they wouldn't touch him.
“Yeah I get it. Nothing to see, here right?” he walked off angrily.
The funeral was held three days from then. All the police in Detroit were getting ready for Gennady's funeral. They were going to march through the streets of downtown in his honor. Mayor Townley came to his office to grab his coat only to find the man who was covered by darkness. The mayor was quick to shut the door.
“You did this. What! You gonna do me next?” he asked with disdain.
“Choose the words in which you speak to me carefully,” he told Mayor Townley. He backed off.
“This is ridiculous. That man followed you with loyalty and you just put him in the dirt.” The man licked his teeth.
“Let me explain something to you,” the man stepped sinisterly to Townley.” “Do I look like a social worker. Do I? I am not here to hold hands. I seek the imperium. I am the imperium. It was his honor to get shot by me. As close to an honorable death as anyone can get in this town. I am the man with ill intent. I made my peace with that a long time ago. I run an empire so if there is even a chance something threatens me or that I bomb it and smile at the mushroom cloud.” This was a new unhinged for him. He gathered himself. Mayor Townley sighed.
“I always wondered why Gennady drank so much. Now I understand,” the mayor said pounding an unopened bottle of scotch on the table. Samuel skipped school that day so he could sit on the rooftops and at least attend the honoring of the police chief. They fired arms. They spoke well of him. It was a good send off for a deep down decent guy. In the night, Samuel walked up to his door. At the bottom sat a tray of Lasagna. It came with a note that read, Hi Mr. vanish I looked in your fridge and got hungry just looking at it, you’re welcome. We’re going to talk about these disappearing acts. Sitting at the back wall of his room he ate his fill of the food. How was he to stop a man that controlled everything, he asked himself Many a time it as has been said that a good defense is a good offense but how long until the man sent someone Samuel couldn't stop. Since the beginning of this he let that man or whoever it was be the hunter. Samuel was even more of a prey now then we he had no powers. He tapped his forehead repeatedly with his fist trying to think of something. It was discouraging, who was he to change things. In a dim world who was he to try to shine.
At four in the morning Serenity was sleeping soundly at a friend's house. Suddenly her body was shaken. She came to, to see Samuel sitting on the side of her. She raised up and wiped her eyes.
“What time is it?” she asked.
“Doesn't matter. I'm going to jump right in here. You were one of Bundy's prostitutes for years. In that time, I imagine you've seen a lot of things. I need to know all the names you can recall. Who he hung out with. Who were frequents at the club. I should've done this when he was sniped on that roof top. Think about it. Everybody who has the real information always dies. This time I'll be quicker. When you think of those names add as many filters as you can to narrow the search.”
“Aye, Aye Captain,” Serenity said, half sleep. Her head dove back into the pillow.
By lunch time tomorrow, Samuel had scarfed down the runny chili. He was tired. He kept his head down. The lunch room was too noisy. Relocation sounded like a good idea. He got up and threw his tray away. Walking alongside the other tables to grab his bag, a guy named Tank from the basketball team stuck his leg out and tripped Samuel. He fell and everyone started laughing. I need a few days off, he thought, getting up. Samuel grabbed Tank by the collar and socked him. His friend up and jumped on him. The lunch room went into an upheaval. There hadn't been a fight like this in a while. Security rushed in breaking up the two. Three days just that quick. It was much needed.
That evening, he sat at a laundry mat in the strip mall on 8 mile. The community laundry room seemed to think this was the perfect time to break down at his place. The laundry was empty besides a few other people. Samuel sat with his arms about to fall asleep watching his clothes go round and round. He stepped outside into the freezing air for a stretch. A few buildings down he saw a familiar car. It was Taylin with some girl that couldn’t pass for Genesis ever. Samuel squinted to make sure. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The dude held his dreams and it still wasn’t enough for him. They were about to pull off and Samuel was coming right along with them. He loosely followed for at least fifteen minutes until they arrived in Asbury Park. It was the girl’s home from what he could tell. Predictably no one was home. The window that peaked directly into her room was at the back of the house. Samuel watched on as they did nothing but eat Chinese food. It smelled so good. This was his chance. It was exactly the wedge he needed to drive between the jock and Genesis. So, opportunistic. The reflective part of his brain clicked on. They weren’t even doing anything. Even if they were, was he spying for the right reasons, he questioned himself. He cringed at the creep level it took to follow his crushes boyfriend to another girl’s house. Samuel scared himself. He was about to leave when the girl said “You ready?”
Taylin replied, “For what?”
“You know,” she started rubbing on his print boldly.
“Chill,” he moved her hands.
“C’mon. You know wassup? Why you playin?” she was quick to unbuckle his pants.
“Why you playin?! You know I got a girl.”
“This ain’t about her. It’s about you a me.”
The nameless girl started kissing his face and neck. His other head could have easily let it happen.
Taylin jumped up. “I’m gone man. You too childish. We coulda just chilled.”
“Whatchu mean?!”
Disappointment turned to anger and she cussed him out all the way to the front door.
“Fine. I she heard she ain’t even doing you. Tryin to do yo sorry ass a favor. BYE!”
Walking back towards the laundry mat, something scared Samuel even more than his creepiness. Guys like him had one cop out. It was that the girls they liked only dated assholes. But what was he to say when the guy he thought was an asshole wasn’t such an asshole. To put the icing on the cake he returned to a dark laundry mat with his sopping wet clothes sitting in an old cart. He sighed.
“God hates me.”
In the afternoons, Judge Whitaker loved to take the time between hearings and enjoy some Coney Island in his favorite spot down town. The wife preferred he stay on the heart healthy kick but the wife wasn’t here. He wasn't ashamed to use his position to get discounts. A waitress bought him his tray of food. Whitaker didn't pay any attention at all to a guy who walked in with his cap down. Unexpectedly that same person sat at his booth.
“Can I help you?”
“You? Help me? Never. You only help those you’re told to help. Today your gonna help me, though. Free of charge. You can start by ordering me two double bacon cheese burgers, a side of large chili fries and a couple cans of Pepsi. Two slices of cheese cake will be nice to. To go for your sake.” He humored him, motioning the waitress over and ordered word for word what the young man wanted. Samuel removed his hat with a smile.
“Nice to meet you,” said the kid.
“Who are you exactly?”
“Apologies. I guess don't you recognize me without the get up. I'm the guy that's been making your bosses life…. difficult. Yeah! That's the right word. Difficult.”
“You’re him. You can’t be older than….”
“Don’t worry about how old I am. You’re Judge Jacob Whitaker. You imprison about a thousand people a year with an outstanding ability to trump up charges. Here's a fun fact, in the black community your known as the Escalator. You get the joke so I won't waste my time. You were a regular at The Three Levels of Sin nightclub. You hung out pretty heavily with Bundy before he lost his brains. You need to tell me who your employer is. He pushes drugs throughout Detroit. Maybe even a few other cities. It seems he kills anybody who gets in his way and it’s about time for that to be.”
“He'll kill me.” Samuel leaned in.
“Not if I can help it.”
“Not if you can help it? Look where Gennady is. Dead. Buried.”
“I know and I should've prevented that. His family will never know how sorry am I.”
“You just betta hope he doesn't get to them. If HE finds out I talked to someone even remotely related to Energy Warrior he'll kill me, my wife, and the dog.”
“I get it, he's bad.”
“The worst. If you were smart enough you'd go about your life and thank the heavens he's not dealing with you directly.”
“Yeah well I've never been one to thank the heavens for anything. It's only a matter of time before he finds me. Help me stop him. You know it would be better for everyone.”
“Gennady hadn't even helped you yet and was found with his head blown off.”
“I'll protect you,” Samuel told him.
“You’re probably having a hard time protecting yourself. You get in the that little get up of yours and do your thing but then unlike the rest of us you get to go home. You’re a bull shitter and so is he but at least my employer's bullshit comes with a side of bread and butter.”
“I know who ever he has in his pocket is more scared than happy with his ill riches.”
“I live a great life. Easy job. Magnificent pay. Helping you would make me the biggest idiot on the planet.”
Samuel sat back and they looked each other’s in the eyes. He could tell the judge wasn't going to budge. He pulled a large envelope from his back pack. Samuel took out a picture and a case file.
“Don’t make me do this.”
“Do what?!”
“Okay. Don't say I didn't try. You see this?” Samuel held up the picture. “Exhibit A. This would be a picture of you and your nineteen-year-old mistress doing something not so kosher. What would you even call that position?”
Whitaker’s world stopped. He snatched the picture from Samuel.
“How did you even get this?”
“Tecionna I think her name is. Young, mixed, ass like wow, boy what I would give to…never mind. Exhibit B through Z. Cold hard evidence that you take bribes from the man.”
Whitaker chuckled. “You still don’t get it. They don't call it the almighty dollar for no reason. There's not an official in this town he doesn't own. Sure, the media will wonder. Than with the movement of a couple of figures, it'll never be spoken about again.”
“The governor? The FBI? The CIA. Hell how about the DEA? If he's generating enough money to pay a city he's on somebody’s radar and I'll never quit. So, there’s just one question left. When the dust settles and it's all said and done where do you wanna be? Sharing a cell with the man? Shit, I'll make it simpler than that. I'll go Training Day. You wanna go home or you wanna go to jail?”
Whitaker was overwhelmed. The waitress bought Samuel's food. He leaned back like he had just slapped down a draw four in Uno. Whitaker put his head down on the table.
“C'mon Jacob I know you wanna go home. See your nephews and nieces or whoever the fuck graduate. Maybe aspire to a higher office one day. Jacob, I know for a fact you wanna go home. Lemme take you there.” His head shook no but his face was breaking. He took a deep breath.
“Look. I don't know his real name okay. Very few people do. He's indescribable.”
“I've seen him before.”
“You really do have a death wish.”
“He had that revolver to my head. I was a goner but I managed to have one last trick up my sleeve,” Samuel bragged.
“Lucky bastard. That's his weapon of choice. The gun is one of the oldest colts ever. Modified to have the power of three pump shot guns. Less kick than an actual one. I've seen it in action. Not pretty. Now a days he has an attack dog. Not too much of a talker.
“Piscal. Two people that want me dead and gone are working together as a team. Great. Just great.”
“No. Piscal wants you dead but the man he has something planned for you. He speaks of you as some type of trophy.”
“Why?” Samuel inquired.
“Hello?! You’re a freak of nature. He's an aging control freak. He wants what you have.”
“He can't have it.” Whitaker snorted.
“Yeah, try telling him that. He took a whole god damn city.”
“There is one name I can give you and that's it. You never heard it from me, understand. You and I never had this conversation?”
Samuel nodded. “Greg Lanier, his right-hand man and number one lap dog.” Whitaker was quick to grab a napkin and jot something down. He slid it over to Samuel. “That's his address. He’s the guy. He runs all the businesses. Hands out all the checks. He’s everything and nothing all at the same time. Now when the dust settles like we said. I wanna be standing.” Samuel laughed.
“What the hell is so funny?! I just handed you my cards. All my cards!”
“I outta be an actor if this whole hero thing doesn't pan out. Over the last two years by my count you wrongfully convicted 232 men under the age of 25. Sent people away who had families all to cover tracks.” Whitaker went a sickly pale. “I took the liberty of sending your wife flowers from Ticeonna with this picture. Best case, she throws your clothes out the window, takes the dog, the house, and half your money. Worst case, she acts like she knows nothing and you spend the rest of your life wondering if the meal in front of you is poisoned. Either way. You deserve it.” With a smile on his face Samuel ate one of Whitaker's fries, got up, took his food, and left.
That evening, in a pent house on the top of Detroit, Lanier sat on his imported couch reading a book. He sipped on tea as he read like a true sophisticated gent. His doorbell rang. Lanier closed his book and headed for the door. He looked through the peep hole and opened the door.
“Your late,” he looked at his watch. “I really do hope you had a good reason. I usually tip very well but you sunk that ship.”
Lanier held out what he owed nothing more. The pizza man just stood there ominously.
“Is there a problem? I have work to get back to.” Nobody home. “I don’t have time for this, just take the full and go.” The pizza boy pulled a glock from the box and took him hostage.
“I'm in,” Gordon said on his communicator piece. In the building, parallel, Samuel looked on through his helmets enhanced vison system.
“So, you are. I'm on my way.” Samuel switched over to Serenity. “You still have Whitaker's on surveillance?”
“Yup. He's at the house calming his nerves with a cigar and a bottle of the good stuff. Wife did a number on the house. Oh. I thought You would like to know Gennady’s family is still in town. Kids are at a friend’s house and the mom is at a hotel.”
“Good. They all seem safe for now. Keep me posted.” Samuel moved out.
Over in Lanier's apartment Gordon restrained him with a zip tie. Examining Lanier, anyone would think he would squeal at the first sign of trouble but he sat solid as a rock. Samuel stood reading him. Gordon stood to the back with his head down.
“You’re the right-hand man. The king's advisor. You must know everything. And it just so happens that I want everything. It must be my SUPER lucky day.”
Lanier cracked his neck and smiled.
“In your little mind, I bet you think you've hit the jackpot, don't you?”
“Mega freakin millions,” Samuel said.
“You’re wrong. What's the plan? Hold me for ransom. He's not coming. You'll meet when he wants to meet. I’m fully prepared to die.” Samuel squinted his eyes.
“Okay,” he shook his head. He grabbed Lanier up by the collar and dragged him towards his windows. He knocked him through the glass letting him feel the cool breeze.
“That's a long fall,” Gordon taunted him. Lanier’s feet kicked over the city below him. He tightened his breathing. All the way down to street level Samuel could see 4 Cadillac tracks pull up.
“And the cavalry arrives,” Lanier said.
“Put em down.” Piscal had got in without anyone noticing. His sniper rifle hung on his back as he pointed a semi-automatic at them. Gordon raised his.
“I got the angle on him!”
Samuel slid Lanier to the side, walking right into the fight.
“G. Plan B.”
“Gotcha.” Rapidly, he stripped of his jacket and threw Samuel the sword that was tapped to his back. Piscal used his precious rifle to defend. They strained against the force of each other.
“You thought I just planned to waltz right in here and steal him? Gimme some credit.”
“You’ll never know how much I do. I'll never underestimate you again.”
“NOW!” From the shadows six masked swordsmen revealed themselves. Samuel was surrounded. Distracted, Piscal leg swept Samuel, grabbed Lanier and jumped out the window. Gordon started to run after them. Samuel put his arm out.
“They’re gone.” The swordsmen stood still all around.
“What’s the plan?”
“Shoot to wound.”
“You never ever gotta tell me twice.”
Mayhem broke loose in the penthouse. Samuel dodged multiple swords to shoot back energy beams. Behind his back leaped out a swordsman, slashing a blade of steel across his spine. A few inches deeper and they would have had him. Gordon became overzealous and started to fight with one of them. The swordsman quickly caught him with a swift cut to the shoulder. Samuel slapped the E on his chest and flung his arm as if he was throwing a ball. The armor left Samuel and formed around Gordon. The kid ducked behind a kitchen island, trying to find something to cover his face. Gordon didn't know what was happening. He fell to the ground when kicked and entered the fetal position.
“That thing is solid! Just fight!”
Gordon trusted Samuel enough to get back up. The swords were nothing to him as he fought his way through the crowd. Samuel rose with a dish towel around his face. He was back in the fight. They became the last men, in a war zone full of injured casualties. Tired, they laid flat on their backs.
“You alive?” Gordon asked.
“Maybe.” Samuel’s friend chuckled.
“That was fun. Let’s definitely do that again sometime.”
“Yeah. Get this heavy ass armor off me.” Samuel reached over and slapped the chest, bringing the suit back to him. Free, Gordon sat up, letting out a deep breath. He helped Samuel up. Aura started forming around his hands.
“More I fight. Stronger I get. Comes with a price though. Think one of those ninjas broke my arm or least fractured it. I was too pumped to notice. Too much damage. More of them coming.”
“You want me to take the next round? I was feelin invincible in that armor.” The fast approaching footsteps were getting closer and closer.
“Stand behind me.”
“What are about to do?”
“Just do what I ask you to do.”
Highly trained killers started flooding the room. With his one good arm he raised his hand and blew the place to kingdom come.
At Serenity's hideout, Samuel had her patch Gordon up. Gordon looked around the room as Serenity applied medicine to his wounds.
“You know you can come live with me,” Gordon told Serenity with his players charm on. Serenity smiled shaking her head when she caught Samuel standing in the corners with his arms folded.
“You okay?” she asked.
“I knew the king's advisor would have eyes on him I just didn't know it would be that bad.”
“You knew that was going to happen?” Gordon asked.
“I didn’t count on it. I called you for back up though. I didn't plan for it to get that hairy.”
“Don't worry about it. Oh! Don't think I forgot about our bet you lost.”
“Don't remind me,” Samuel said. Serenity had this look on her face as if anger was building to a boil inside of her.
“Something on your mind?” Samuel asked. She was right next to Gordon and he didn't even notice it. He took a look at her.
“You alright?” he asked.
“You need to start telling people what you’re getting them into. For real!”
“Maybe. Whatever,” Samuel said blowing it off.
“No not maybe! You come to me with a list of commands every five seconds and I do them with little remark.”
“Great. You wanna cookie?”
“I want respect and the people who help you should be told what's going on. Detroit's crime was the reason I was a slave since I was fourteen. I want to take it down just as bad as you do but I can't. Nobody can alone. You never really tell me what's going on. You didn't tell your best friend that he was walking into a gun firing, blade swinging, show down.”
“Fine. Sorry Gordon,” Samuel said looking right at Serenity. “You cool? You good now?”
“Alright chill y’all. We good. We all alive ain’t we?”
“Shut up Gordon.”
“Make me,” Gordon got up.
“Okay. We’re tired. It’s late. Everybody just chill,” said Serenity
The three were left in a simmering turmoil. Miscommunication, the killer of many things. Talking was expensive and could be dangerous in the lawless land.

IX. FORSAKEN
On an early Wednesday morning, Samuel was due back at school. Thanksgiving was quickly approaching and he was excited to spend it with Genesis and the rest of her family that he had adopted so long ago. He rose from the bed wiping his eyes. They stung like someone had poured a thick shampoo in them. He sleepily stumbled to the bathroom to splash water in his face. The pain began to subside. Although it was bad it wouldn't sting half as much as what he had planned for today. At about 7:45 Taylin was coming out of MCH from whatever early extracurricular activity was going on. Samuel was waiting for him at his car.
“Why do I have a fuck boy near my vehicle?” he asked. Samuel loosened up and let that one go.
“I need to talk to you,” Samuel said
“Since when do we talk?”
“We don't. I just need you to listen for a second. Me and you….” he paused to take a deep breath. “Me and you got off on the wrong foot from the start and that's partly my fault. I never gave you a chance. Never. You could have been the nicest person ever and I would have never given it a second thought simply because you have what I want. And like you and mostly everyone else knows I've been salty for the past two years because it's been you and not me. Genesis is my oldest friend. I love her. I always will. I saw you that night at the Chinese place with that girl….”
“You stalkin me now?” Taylin cut him off.
“Just shut up so I can finish. I'm dying as it is. That girl that was in the car with you. She wanted to rip your clothes off. I guess like most of the girls at this school but you denied her. You aren't a complete asshole like I judged you to be. You’re a decent guy. A decent guy that's been great to a great girl. You take her places. You buy her shit. You match her place in the world. I don’t. No matter how much I want to. What I'm saying is it's time I accept my role as best friend. Maybe me and you can finally bury the hatchet. I'm not asking to be your friend but we can at least be civil. For her.”
Samuel held out his hand to Taylin as a man and the boy in him just stood there. Part of him looked like he almost wanted to but he smacked his lips and smacked Samuel's hand away. All Samuel could say was he tried. He made an attempt no matter how much it pained him.
The nether regions of Sphinx industries. It was there the man who was covered by darkness leaned on the rails above watching the sparks fly as modern day Einsteins did his bidding. All his scientists and all his engineers were at work on his designs. He tightened his grip on the rail thinking to himself. I’m this close, he thought. So, close. Piscal was imminent.
“How's my other project going?” the man asked.
“With a little persuasion, they move much faster.”
“Very good.” Piscal looked down upon the workers.
“What are they building?” he asked. They man stood there
“Energy Warrior. He was close. Very close. If it wasn't for Lanier's attitude towards his predicament everything I took years to build would have been compromised.”
“He's a solid man. Energy Warrior probably was just shooting in the dark. He probably had no idea he was that close.”
“I'm going to let you in on a little secret. We met face to face just once throughout this whole ordeal. Every time he escapes my clutches it's almost exciting. He intrigues me. We don't even know each other's names but I imagine we're both a big part of each other's lives. No matter. The quest for power is infinite so this little rivalry must come to a fatal stoppage I'm afraid.”
Piscal watched into the distance at the dangerous machinery was forged.
At MCH Samuel was walking down the hall still thinking of this morning when Gordon ran up and stopped him. Samuel took out his headphones.
“You gotta walk and talk I'm hungry. I need to get there before they run out of subs.” Gordon ran in front of him and stopped him again.
“Eh bro maybe you shouldn't go to lunch today. C'mon I'm cool with one of the security guards he'll get us a pizza if I send him with the money.”
“Thanks, I'll just get a sub.”
“Since when do you turn down free pizza?”
“I want a sub,” he said, trying again to go into the lunch room. Gordon grabbed him.
“Look. When you and that dude Tank got into it he hurt his ankle. Doctor said he can't play for the next two or three games and…..
“Lemme guess the school blames me right?”
“Basically,” Gordon said.
“Dawg I swear to God common sense is not common for real. I didn't even start the damn thing.”
“Yeah but you sure as hell finished it. Watchu gon do?” Samuel walked through the doors of the lunch room. Never let them see you sweat, mama said. Everywhere he went he was public enemy number one so why change things now? From the jump, there was dirty looks and petty faces. When Samuel got out of line with his sub he set his tray where he usually sat. Having forgotten the ranch he got back up and got some. When he came back his sandwich was torn up and spit in and the juice and chips he managed to buy were gone. Nobody was looking at him to see his reaction but he knew they knew. Samuel shook his head. Somebody bothers him and they're the victim. He left the lunch room to go cool off. His face was getting hot again. The stinging in his eyes was coming back. In the bathroom, he flushed them out and tried to go about the rest of his day.
Genesis made her way to the back of the bus that afternoon. She was kind of lonely as she sat listening to music and watching the scenery go by. When Samuel had left her all alone after the haircut she took one of his heavier jackets to walk home in the cold. She looked for an inside pocket to stick her phone in, instead she found holes. In fact, a few holes that looked like they had burned themselves in. She stuck her fingers through them. Things with Samuel just got weirder and weirder. She was going to pick up her phone and call the boy but there was no telling what he was doing. She let out a breath. Genesis smiled as she could hear her late grandmother's voice in her head.
She used to say, “child leave well enough alone.” Genesis was never too good at it.
Samuel walked into his apartment. He had very little time until his shift at KFC started. He threw his bag full of homework to the side. He looked through his laundry bag and pulled out his wrinkled damp employee shirt. Samuel leaned on the wall. The days were getting to him more. Being the butt of every joke and everyone's disdain wasn't easy. A lady once use to tell him that whenever he was down or whenever he was angry count to ten and you'll feel better by the end. Even at that young age he wrote it off as the piece of shit it was. Samuel snapped and started kicking holes in the walls just above the baseline. He stopped thinking. He threw anything he could get his hands on. Deranged was the word. It looked like Samuel was fighting himself, hitting himself in the head, bucking around. With a second of reflection he yelled to the ceiling. He already owed his stupid land lord money, now this. Samuel was quick to get away from his apartment. He'd burn that bridge when he came to it.
By a quarter to six, Lanier stood at his police tape covered door. His apartment resembled a war zone. He took a breath, taking it in. That place cost him 950 G's and every piece of furniture was luxuries finest. So many police call for disturbances were ignored that night. He was just glad nobody innocent was hurt. He had a decent side but what the man paid him was way better than any sense of morality. He tried his best to step over the broken glass and fractured wood. Lanier made his way over to the island in his kitchen. He banged his fist twice on the side of it. A secret compartment popped out. It contained files filled to the brim with what could only be described as important papers. He gathered them all, took one last look at the pent house and left.
Today couldn't have been one of those laid-back shifts that people dreamed about, no never that lucky. Today everybody and their mother wanted Kentucky Fried Chicken. It had to be the secret 11 herbs and spices. Samuel was smart enough to trade with one of his team members, cash register for cleanup duty. The lobby was just about to close. Samuel was content with moping the floor at a steady pace. Taylin and a bunch his friends walked in. Samuel kept his head down but he could tell they noticed him already. Keisha, one of the girls he worked with took their orders. They stood to the side where the pop fountain was, talking amongst themselves. Samuel figured if he just kept mopping that he would be fine. He couldn't have known I worked here, he thought. The talk he tried to have with Taylin was still fresh in his mind. By now Samuel was mopping by the bathroom doors. It wasn't hard to feel Taylin's scorn at the back of his neck. Trying so hard not to be awkward but failing, Samuel put the mop away and tucked himself in the bathroom. He leaned on the sink while he scrolled on his phone. He would just wait them out, that's all. After about five minutes one of his other co-workers knocked on the door.
“Damn it,” he groaned. “Just a minute.” Samuel turned on the water for a few seconds to act like he was washing his hands. He came out to the girl giving him dirty looks, wondering why he was in the bathroom so long. Taylin and his friends were still there, posted. Their food was handed to them and everyone was getting their drinks.
“Eh fuck boy,” Taylin called as he sipped on his Pepsi. The other workers looked on from behind the glass. Samuel gritted his teeth. Nobody really knew who he was talking to. Samuel gave it up and turned around.
“What?!”
“You missed a spot.”
“What?”
One by one each of them tipped their cups and bags, making a complete and total mess of the floor.
“Okay, “ Samuel shook his head as if he was agreeing with the whole situation. “Do what you do best and be a complete and total DICK!” Samuel threw his hat, hitting Taylin dead in the face. The guy didn't even blink. He walked up to Samuel as if he was some terminator. His hand was held firmly behind his back. The two looked each other dead in the eyes.
“Fuck you,” Samuel said, never with more hate and disgust in his voice. Taylin chucked his Pepsi in Samuel's face, leaving him drenched in the sugary drink. He stepped back wiping it from his eyes. The people behind the glass, the incoming customers and Taylin's boys, all waited to see Samuel make a move. If he hit Taylin he lost his job and that was the last thing he could afford. There was no mommy and daddy waiting for him at home. If he failed there was no one to catch him, he was without a net, that only angered him even more. He finally lost it, wrestling Taylin to the ground. They scuffled, rolling all over the place like bickering children. Taylin's boys were quick to jump in. The manager rushed out of the back, telling everyone to back the hell off. He kicked Taylin and friends out and snatched Samuel in the back.
“WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT MASON?!” Samuel sat with a wrinkled and torn shirt with a blood stain at the corner of his mouth.
“He started it,” Samuel said.
“He started it? He started it?! WHAT KINDERGARTEN BULLSHIT ANSWER IS THAT!? I run a business here. THAT'S WHAT'S WRONG WITH LIL NIGGAS LIKE YOU! YOU CAN'T KEEP THAT HOOD DRAMA OUTSIDE.” Samuel shook his head.
“What would you have had me do?! I was doing just fine before he came in!”
“Walk away. This a place of professionalism.”
“Bullshit!” he jerked. “This is a chicken joint. Don’t call it anything else.” “Your fired Mason.” Samuel chuckled
“You can't fire me.”
“I JUST DID!”
“YOU CAN'T FIRE ME BECAUSE I FUCKIN QUIT. I MEAN I'M SMARTER THAN YOU, PLUS EVERY ASSHOLE THAT WALKS IN HERE PLUS THE GUY WHO REALLY OWNS THIS PLACE AND I KNOW THAT AIN'T YO HOE ASS. I DON'T NEED YOU OR ANYONE ELSE! I NEVER DID. FUCK YOU AND THIS BROKE DOWN ASS RESTAURANT.” Samuel stormed out and left KFC. How could he lose his job because someone attacked him? It was always something. As he walked he gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. The kid was heated. He needed that money, without it he couldn't pay his rent or what he owed his land lord. Samuel could feel his eyes getting stingy again. It was worse than ever this time. He shut them tight as he could, trying to rub away the intense irritation. The veins underneath his eyes started to protrude and glow of all things. Super abruptly, thick, powerful red beams shot out of his eyes, knocking him off his feet. Startled was such a weak word to describe what he was feeling at this new-found power that had manifested itself. He ran off before anyone could really notice him.
Three days from that night was Thanksgiving Day, which through heavy propaganda and tv programming became the day of the turkey. From everyone that was anybody to the mundane people were preparing to spend it with loved ones. Genesis Martinez was especially happy because one she loved to eat and two all her friends were coming over to have dinner. Even the new edition to the gang, Serenity was more than welcomed. She spent her time getting ready and everything. All of the kids had new outfits for the special occasion, which Genesis personally thought was stupid because they'd just be ruined with food and God knows what by the end of the night. Genesis was painting her nails when her phone buzzed. It was a text from Samuel telling her to come outside. She looked out the window in the living room and there he was in front of her house sitting in a mid-2000's model Buick.
“Since when do you have a car?”
Samuel smiled leaning out the window shrugging his shoulders.
“Where did you get it?”
“Doesn't matter.”
“Do you even have a license?”
“Do you really care?” Samuel asked.
“Not really,” she shrugged.
“Alright then. Get in.”
“I can't just leave my family on Thanksgiving.”
“Girl, Nika probably in their sleep. You and yo aunty probably finished most of the cooking. Big Miguel in their watching football and them kids doing whatever the fuck. So, like I said, get in.”
“Can I at least get my purse and stuff?”
“You won’t need it. Not today.”
“Ooooo. Okay, big baller.”
Samuel watched her figure make its way to the passenger door. As soon as she was in he sped off. Ten minutes into them driving she popped another question.
“So now that you've stolen Mr. Mason. What's next?”
“I didn't steal you. You could've easily stayed home,” he said smoothly. Genesis looked over at him. He had his head leaned back on the head rest as he just drove. Samuel was acting different, at least more than usual lately. He was so quiet. The kid proved to be that way everyone once and a while. He was wearing a shirt a bit too big for him, chewing on a straw. Samuel looked in control. Kind of off more than anything.
“Just ride?” Genesis asked, answering her on question.
“Just ride,” Samuel told her. She turned on the radio to hear the voice of Bryson Tiller. She started singing and dancing all loose in her seat. Samuel looked over at her. She always let go like no one else was watching, unafraid to be herself, just another reason on a list of many of why he loved her. The two found themselves at the McDonald’s by Renaissance on Greenfield. The two ate breakfast by the window. Samuel had three sausage Mcgriddles, all with hash browns and the orange juice he adored with Genesis having the big breakfast. She ate her food putting an eye on Samuel every once and a while. Samuel dropped his Mcgriddle and whipped his hands. He took a wad of money out of his pocket and started counting it. Genesis watched him like the IRS.
“You uh…you want to say something to me?”
Genesis kept eating for a moment. “It can wait,” she said in between bites. Samuel shrugged. She pulled her phone out of her pocket and puulled up her gallery. Genesis flipped the screen his way. The picture was of the holes in his jacket.
“Are these bullet holes?” she asked unapologetically. Samuel wiped his mouth and sat up in his chair. “Well, are they?” He giggled looking off away from her.
“Are you serious?”
“Samuel what are you doing? Where do you go? Are you in trouble? Please tell me you’re not selling drugs. For real, cuz you not one of them guys. Don't lie. It explains the disappearances, the bullet holes, the everything. You know you my best friend. You can tell me anything.” He broke out into full laughter
“Would you stop laughing?!” She banged on the table. The noise drew attention. “What?! Go about y’all day,” Genesis told everyone. Everybody awkwardly returned to their own happenings and conversations.
“Look,” he leaned in with a grin. “I don't mean to upset you but it's just funny. You took the time out of your day to rationalize me being a drug dealer. That's a waste of brain function right there. If I'm a drug dealer where’s my gold? If I'm a drug dealer where’s my Chrysler 300 or Charger? Matter of fact where’s my buffs and closet full of shoes? Think things through next time,” he flicked her in the fore head. Genesis was on hush mode.
“Fuck you,” she said trying not to crack a smile. She couldn't be mad. She could never stay mad at him. Samuel sucked the last bit of his orange juice.
“Alright bring ya Mexican ass on so we can roll up out.”
“Uh excuse me that's fine Ms. Mexican ass to you.” Samuel cocked back his head.
“Whatever taco. C'mon,” he told her.
“No please. After you, watermelon.” They sniggered.
“C'mon,” Samuel said softly. It was on to the next place and the next. By two they were at Fairland walking around and stopping at different stores. While Genesis gawked over jewelry at a stand, Samuel rested at a nearby bench, arms folded, legs crossed. Through all the people he watched his friend eye a necklace. She didn't know about her boyfriend and his foul play. It didn't even matter anymore, what was done was done or least that was what Samuel tried to tell himself. She pulled him over to the stand she was at showing him the necklace. It was this beautiful piece that reminded her of the necklace her grandmother use to wear. Genesis knew she didn't have the money for it so she and Samuel moved on. The duo caught some generic comedy movie at the theater that wasn't really even funny. They both liked to sit in the highest row.
“Do you have the strange urge to drive a screw driver through your brain?” Samuel whispered over.
“Nope just to slit my wrists. Wanna cut with me?”
“Sure. Nothing better to do.” Genesis handed him the imaginary razor blade.
“See? Some of my dark sense of humor is rubbing off on you. And you say I'm not funny.” Genesis put her hand on Samuel's chest and leaned her full lips in close to his ear. Standing were the hairs on the back of his neck, feeling what felt like the perfection of warmth from her breath.
“I'll admit this once. Just once so listen real close.” Samuel swallowed in anticipation of her next words.
“I swear to God don't get a big head.”
“C'mon, I won't.”
“Your fucking hilarious.” Samuel turned his head towards her, her face still close.
“Eh would y’all shut the fuck up?!” The man asked sitting in front of them, shattering the little moment. Genesis and Samuel both looked at him like he was crazy. Genesis gave him the finger, a Nano second away from cussing him out. Samuel tilted his head, gesturing Genesis out.
“Why'd you stopped me?” she asked.
“Just hold on. Revenge is best served cold,” he told her. In the hall, Samuel saw someone throw away a half drunken slushy. He retrieved it from the garbage. Genesis already knew what the plan was, she could see it on his face. He told her to wait at the corner. She poked her head out around the edge, only to see what happened. A seemingly innocent Samuel coming back to his seat chucked a cold slushy on the rude guy. He jumped up causing a scene, cursing to the high heavens. Samuel and Genesis ran for their lives until they were out of the theater. Out of the doors they caught their breath.
“RACE YOU TO THE CAR!” Genesis took off. Samuel laughed and started to run after her.
The famous Mexican-American Martinez thanksgiving family dinner was almost underway. Taylin had arrived, Gordon, other family members, Serenity, everyone was there except Samuel and Genesis. In the later hours of the day the snow started to fall profusely. Samuel pulled up in front of the house. They sat in the car.
“So, you ready to eat this good food. If I’m not in a food coma in the next hour Imma lose it. C’mon,” Genesis unbuckled her seat belt
“Yeah,” his voice cracked a little. Genesis was about to get out of the car. His brain was going into over drive. A thousand race horses replaced his heart beat. This was it. Samuel grabbed her wrist. She looked back.
“I gotta tell you something.” The kid looked like he could vomit at any moment.
“Boy it's freezing. Can you ask me in the house please?”
Samuel turned the heat on maximum. He took a deep breath. He felt like he had asthma. Genesis grabbed his hand and gave a comforting squeeze.
“I’m sorry. Tell me,” she said. Here goes nothing, he thought. Samuel had so many feelings running rampant. Some would call it being a teenager but there was more to his story than that. He lost his job, he wouldn't be able to pay his bills, people were trying to kill him, nothing went right. Trying to form these words was like taking that first big leap off a tall diving board. His palms sweaty.
“Genesis I love you,” he said outright.
“I love you too Sam. Now can we please go?”
“Not like that.
“Oh,” it hit her. Did she have to say oh?
“I'm….in love with you. All these years I been showin up at your doorstep and I've been grateful as hell that you would let a guy like me in. It's not a day that doesn't go by where I don't think about you and me.” These words of affection spit from his lips. They just kept coming and coming. It all poured out of him. “I feel like you and me were meant to be together. You know, like destiny.” Why did I use the word destiny, he questioned himself? “I don't have a lot. But you. You never cared. You’re the only girl that's given me the time of day. For a long time, you were my only friend. I hate sharing you. I love you so much. You’re my link to the world. You’re the reason I watch new movies. You’re the reason I know what’s going on outside of my head of old school rap and dated television shows. I need you.” For a minute, he was talking just to extend the time in which she hadn't said no or yes, or anything for that matter. It was the time in between whether someone knew they passed or failed. Samuel wanted to keep going but the look on her face and the heart that was about to rip out of his chest told him it was clearly past the moment of weird and embarrassingly awkward.
Genesis looked into his eyes, not past him, not through him but at him. Her lips parted the tiniest amount. She reached over and caressed his face. Samuel's cynicism never died. He knew it was the type of rub you gave a dog before you put it down. As much as she played she always knew in the back of her mind.
“Sam,” she said so ambiguously. He couldn't read her. He couldn't tell whether it was yes or no. In all actuality, he had never posed a question but it really wasn't a spoken thing. If two people felt the same about each other then they would be together. She took this deep breath.
“Sam your….”
“I'm what?” he asked. Now he could see it. No analogy was good enough to explain how he felt.
“Sam….”
“Yes.”
“I just. You and me. We aren't like that. I can't say I didn't know. But I never tried to lead you on. I'm sorry. You’re smart, your funny, your one of the best people I've ever known. You’re like my favorite person. You know that.” As good as she was, there was no graceful way out of this. “I love you. Just in another way.” When she had no more apologies there was silence between the two. Genesis left him with a kiss on the cheek. Samuel sat there. Right in that car. Right in that cold car. The outside matched the inside. It was like he was in shock, no movements, eyes wide open. No tears, a quiet sufferer. Genesis looked back before she stepped into the house. A tear went down her cheek for him. Samuel got out of the car. He didn't slam the door. He didn't stomp or kick anything, no. He became merely a vessel as he walked in to the trenches of despair
No matter how strong a bond stuff like that was the killer of relationships. Genesis put on a smile as she was greeted by all her friends and family. She sat down next to Taylin.
“You alright?” he asked.
“Never better,” she kissed him. Everyone asked where Samuel was. She assured them he'd be there.
Samuel’s legs carried him to Kingswood. When he tried to open the door with his key it didn't work. No matter how he twisted or turned, nothing. That was it. That was what he needed. Something to light his spark. He slapped the door, not hard but hard enough. He slapped it again. He did it again and again until it was full on two fists banging. When the door was a smooth breeze away from falling the land, lord walked on the scene with two policemen. Samuel stopped himself.
“YOU SEE WHAT I MEAN! This is the erratic and appalling behavior I spoke about, officer!”
“I PAID MY RENT LIKE EVERYONE ELSE! WHY AM I LOCKED OUT?!”
“You cause more trouble than your worth!” The land lord handed him his money back for the last rent he paid. “You can either leave quietly or these gentlemen here will escort you out.
“I don't have anywhere else to live. You owe me two weeks’ notice,” he told them.
“It’s been in your mail box two and a half. You cause more trouble than your rent is worth.” He was always at the mercy of some asshole. Samuel walked up getting close, threatening like. The police stepped in front of the frightened old man.
“Sir, please come with us. Don’t make this more of a circus than it already is.”
“Fuck you,” Samuel said. One made the mistake of grabbing him. Samuel snatched away. “Don't touch me, pig!”
A person brought Samuel's belonging's. Angrily the kid, carried what he could and stormed off.
He licked his wounds in a dilapidated church in southwest Detroit. Samuel sat on one of the remaining pews, staring at his lap while he played with his cross necklace. The place matched exactly how he felt. It looked horrible, scrappers had long ago gutted it. The windows had been boarded and the place just aged so horribly over time. Lit candles sat up front surrounding a life-sized statue of Jesus Christ. His best guess was that the homeless would come here and pray for things to change, didn't explain where they got the candles from though. With a church this big Samuel always wondered did all the Christians, and Muslims, and Jews and whatever other religions they were think, the bigger the church the more they loved their God. Did they think the more they gave the more they were going to get? Well Samuel could testify off all things that it was bullshit. It wasn't the lack of belief that Samuel struggled with, oh he believed, he had to. There was a God, a big God, the architect of the universe and he despised Samuel. Maybe that's was his arrogance at its finest. The creator of the universe, Yahweh, Jehovah, Kings of kings, he couldn't care less about me and that's why I suffer, he thought. Looking up he caught a glimpse of the statue. That was all it took for him to get up and go to it. He unbuttoned his shirt revealing his tattoo of the 23rd Psalm on his right pectoral.
“My fucking savior,” Samuel said. “Every day of my life has been meaningless, hasn't it? Just stop fucking with me already.” The Jesus statue stared at his wayward son. It had these eyes that follow you around the room, condescending in a way.
“Stop looking at me,” he told it. The eyes could only reach deeper. “STOP LOOKING AT ME!” He punched the statue turning his high and mighty savior to rubble. He looked to the ceiling, as if to be struck by a vengeful lightning.
“For everyone that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.”
Samuel turned.
“Formally we meet, Mr. Mason,” said the man.
“You.”
“Yes, me. Go ahead. Who do you think I am?”
“I know who you are. A piece of shit who's been running things way too long.”
“Trust me when I say I've just begun.” It was the man who was covered by darkness in all his doomful glory. The man stepped into the light showing his full being. Unsurprisingly he was a handsome man with very dark and defined features. All the bad guys had the best things.
Samuel had no will to fight, but he had to fake it until he made it. The man started walking forward. Samuel extended his arm, powering up a blast. The man smirked.
“Watch yourself. Blast like that could kill me. Can you handle that yet, boy?”
“Try me,” Samuel eyes lit. The man continued to step forward. “Stop,” he warned. His commands meant nothing to him.
“I SAID STOOPPPP!”
The man got so close he could feel the heat irradiating from Samuel’s hand.
“How many have called your bluff? Son, I've known many killers. You don't have it. That's not why I came here. I want to offer you a job.”
“A job?” he powered down.
“An opportunity. This little cat and mouse game. This hunt. I grow weary of it. I'm sure we can be civil men.”
“Civil? You've sent assassins to my doorstep and now you want to be civil?”
“I apologize. I'm here now to rectify any bad blood.
“Get on with it!”
The man cleared his throat. “Let me paint a picture if I may. You’re homeless. Lonely. Beaten. I’ll take you in. Teach you. You’ll study all over the word, all expenses paid. After. Three million every week at your door step. You’ll never have to lift a finger. Heaven on earth will belong to you. Tax free even. In time, you will become my successor. My price? You’ll be my hammer. My sword and my first line of defense against all who oppose me. What do you say, son?”
Samuel pondered. This was him sitting at the table, everybody waiting for him to order. He couldn’t see any down sides. Besides, there was nothing waiting for him at home. Hell, he didn’t have a home. Decisions forged men. This was his. He raised his head, shaking no.
“You’re not getting my power,” Samuel stood steadfast.
“Declined….so easily? Surely you’re more intelligent than this.”
“I'd only be a fool if I let a man like you get his hands on this. Whatever it is.”
“A man like me? You speak as if you are my better. What have you done so far besides put out a few fires and save a couple of nobodies. Up until this point you've acted out of own self-interest. Keep yourself alive. Keep your friends alive. Somebodies dying or being raped or mugged right now and here you were having a pity party. All that on top of your ego. How much would it take to crack my neck and end it all. But no. Young Samuel Mason must prove he can stop me on equal grounds.”
“That's not true. None of its true. I've helped people! I’ve…I’ve…”
“Like you helped Gennady?”
Samuel fists clenched tight as they could. With all his rage, he ran towards a smirking man covered by darkness. He made no move, no attempt to move out the way or anything.
“CRIXUS!” the man beckoned. Ripping through the floor boards between them, Crixus, a monster brought together from the sickest modern day machinery slapped Samuel back to the Jesus statue. He laid, groaning. The man walked forward. You could hear his smug laughter.
“I warned you boy. You spat in my face. So, sad you won’t bare witness to my new tomorrow.” He turned around and spoke to his metal monstrosity. The thing heeled unto him.
“Bring him back. Just barely alive.” With that the man was gone, leaving Samuel and his newest challenge to tango.
At Genesis's house, she had just finished her plate and did the unthinkable at Thanksgiving. She didn't go back for seconds. Her mind as of an hour ago, became too preoccupied with her best friend. Well maybe he wasn't her best friend right now, maybe never again. She made the decision in her head and told Gordon to come to the back with her right quick. They sat in her room . Gordon was a fat man at heart so he had to have his plate with him.
“What?” he asked in between massive forks of food.
“Samuel told me.” Gordon almost choked. He put his plate to the side.
“Damn. You know?”
“Yeah.”
“Finally, it’s about time you knew he was Energy Warrior.”
“What?” she couldn’t have been more perplexed.
“Oh,” Gordon so inelegantly swallowed his tongue.
“What are you talkin about?”
“I was just jokin. Now what were you sayin?”
“No Gordon. I know when your joking. They usually of poor taste and about girls. That wasn’t a joke. How did I not see it before….?
“Genesis I was playing. You crazy if you take that far. Our friend? Energy Warrior? C’mon. Don’t be dumb.”
“This makes so much sense. How Energy Warrior knew my name. I need to talk to him.”
In the southwest a dazed Samuel looked up at the monster towering over him. The thing was easily ten feet tall and for over kill had four arms. It was actually kind of cool in a video game boss battle type of way. The beast was a grotesque beauty. Obviously modeled after a minotaur, he had four spiraled horns, its chin meeting at the of sharpest points. Its body was the sum of a hundred-different razor sharp chrome plates loosely held together by a glowing sun colored power source. The thing snatched the kid up by the neck and brought him face to face. Samuel stared into its blood red mechanical eyes. They focused in on him. In all that was happening the crazy thing was that Samuel wasn't scared. No, he was just angry.
“You wanna play Crixus?”
It gave a mighty roar, giving Samuel his answer.
“FINE!” blasts exploded from his eyes, blowing Crixus away.
The kid landed fine on his feet. With all he had he pounced on the hunk of junk. All his hate and all his hurt was put into his bombarding blows. The floor gave out beneath them, taking them to the basement. Samuel’s eyes gained their brownness again. His knuckles bled from the striking the refined metal. The monster was recovering. It banged on the ground, letting out its dragon like roar once more. An uppercut sent Samuel through the roof and beyond for a hard fall to the ground outside. A car swerved around him barely in time. He brought his armor to him. Crixus leaped out of the church. Samuel ran right for him. Crixus did the same. The machine caught him in its grip, whipping him to the concrete. Pinning Samuel down with its knee, held him in place. Samuel watched as the plates around the monster’s mouth shifted and became wide. A powerful and focused beam was shot directly down on Samuel giving back some of his own medicine. The cracks in the ground underneath him became wider and wider. He held out his hands trying force back the overbearing stream. Samuel managed to overpower the thing, knocking it off him. His hands were red hot. Hopping around he blew on them so they would cool off. A news chopper appeared up above. He blocked his eyes from the bright spotlight that now engulfed him.
Back with Genesis, Gordon tried his hardest to convince her that it was all a joke. Serenity jogged up the hallway to where her friends were.
“Gordon,” she called. They turned to her. Serenity grabbed him by the arm. “We need to talk.” Genesis grabbed him by the other arm. “We’re not finished.”
“Genesis this is important.”
“I know he’s Energy Warrior.” Serenity turned to Gordon.
“I slipped.” It didn’t matter anymore. She held up her phone which had the live newsfeed of Crixus wiping the floor with Samuel. Genesis held her hand to her mouth.
“Oh, my God.”
“We have to go.”
“I’m coming with you.”
“It’s too dangerous. Samuel would kill us if we brought you anywhere near that type of risk.”
“I don’t care.”
“Genesis,” Serenity set her hands on the worried young woman’s shoulder. “We’ll bring him back safe. He’ll be alright. You have my word.”
“Okay. Just bring him back to me.” Gordon and Serenity grabbed their things and raced out the door to his car.”
“Sam! Can you hear me?! Sam!” Serenity yelled in his ears. It was all a daze. He looked up at what seemed to be a flower. He was lying in a whole bed of them. This was a florist shop. For Christ sake, he got knocked so hard he landed and passed out in a florist shop.
“Give me a minute,” he finally replied. His friends breathed a little bit easier. With Serenity in the passenger with her computer. Gordon rocketed down the road, disregarding stop lights and everything else.
“Were on are way! Just hold on!”
“To do what?!” Samuel asked. “STAY AWAY FROM HERE! YOU HEAR ME?! STAY AWAY.” Samuel wrestled to get to his feet. Crixus was headed his way. The thing didn't feel pain or fatigue and every time Samuel managed to loosen a few of his bolts they tightened up again. His body was tearing apart but was getting more powerful.
“You wanna help me? Find the signal to this thing and shut it the hell off.” Samuel went back to battle. They threw each other through buildings. They broke cars on top of each other’s heads. It was no holds barred, anything to maim and or to destroy the other. The armor was beginning to crack under such pressure. Samuel found himself in an impossible situation. They were fighting towards a neighborhood of all things. He had to stop it before someone innocent got hurt. Samuel tried but Crixus just kept pushing back the line. He took a labored breath. Samuel seemed to have disappeared. Crixus fumbled around, searching for his victim. Samuel took refuge in an abandoned restaurant.
“Any progress?”
“Sam. There is no signal. No one’s controlling this thing. It’s a mindless A.I. with one thing on its mind. Kill Energy Warrior. Which leads me to believe….”
Crixus’s arm ripped through wall and grabbed Samuel by the skull. He flung Samuel hard into a parked car. The kid groaned falling flat.
“He can sense my energy signature, can’t he?” he mumbled.
“Yup. If you can lower it somehow, you’ll be practically invisible.”
“Always somehow.” Samuel got it together. He tried his best to focus and lower his energy. He didn’t even know if it could be done or not. When Samuel tried to slow thing’s, and slow his heartbeat Crixus was right there to rev things back up. His body was deteriorating, no doubt about it. Tired of his nonstop advances, Samuel ripped a telephone poll from the ground and hit a home run on Crixus. The helicopters turned just to get footage of him flying off. That monster was relentless. At best Samuel had fifteen seconds of peace. He calmed himself, standing in the middle of the rode. Crixus destroyed anything in his path to get to Samuel. The kid didn’t move. He welcomed it because when he got there he couldn’t sense him anymore. Crixus looked all around. Something moved. Crixus turned around. Samuel was gone, Crixus the bull, Samuel the matador, turning his power on and off. It was almost fun to keep Crixus’s angry second grader mind guessing. It was time to end this.
“HEYYYY UGLY,” the kid screamed.
Shaking the very ground, it walked on, it ran with intensity and malice. A battered Samuel charged an orb of energy in each palm. With all his valor, he ran at Crixus. When those two struck, everything went white. The news copter was thrown off track almost crashing before the pilot got control of it.
Later, Samuel limped along into what was unfolding to be a dangerous snow storm. A trail of his own blood followed him like his shadow. It stained the pure and beautiful snow. His vision doubled. His muscles fatigued. Making his way home had never been so hard. Where was home, he thought. He collapsed on all fours. Samuel tried to will himself up but he was so far. He'd die before he'd even get close to help. Everything became warm. Resting felt so good. Drifted off into nothingness, sweet restful nothingness. Ain’t the worst death, he thought. He sort of came to every now and again. He was pulled into the back seat of a car one moment the next he laid flat, bleeding out on a table. Though muffled, he could faintly hear two individuals arguing over his body.
“WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?!” asked Serenity.
“FIX HIM! YOU PATCHED US UP LAST TIME.”
“I PUT VASELINE AND BAND-AIDS ON YOU! I’D HARDLY CALL MYSELF A DOCTOR!”
“DO SOMETHING! HE'S DYING ON MY KITCHEN TABLE!” Out of the blue, both heard the opening of Gordon's front door. When they turned their heads their jaws dropped, no words could be said. It was Genesis staring at a dying Samuel. Slowly she made her way to her best friend’s body. Now she was the one in shock.
“Gen,” Gordon said as if he was going to explain. “You think you can fix em?”
“I…..I….” Genesis couldn’t speak.
“C’mon, Gen. You’re the wannabe surgeon.”
“What does that mean Gordon? It’s not like she had the kind of training yet!”
“Get this thing off him,” Genesis said, terrifyingly calm. Serenity placed her hand on the E, making the armor fade. Genesis viewed his body. She kept her tone real low. “I need towels, a pair of scissors, needle and thread. Peroxide too. Anything that looks like it could be used in first aid, I need it.”
The two-scattered trying to find everything she asked for. Genesis stared at her lifeless friend. She held his hand.
“You cannot die,” she whispered. They bought back half of what she needed. Genesis went to work as best she could. Her face was still and her pupils were dilated. It hadn't hit her yet. The severity of the situation, it couldn't. She had to focus. Every movement and every thought was made in the name of Samuel not dying on the table that night. When his shirt was cut, when his wounds were cleaned, when his body was sewn and wrapped up all they could do was wait.

X. AND WHEN MORNING COMES
Gordon, Genesis, Serenity, all the beloved friends of Samuel Mason IV. They slept in the living room, awaiting a sign. All three were covered up and soundly asleep while the TV played on. Genesis's eyes creaked open. She was the first to awake. The sleep she was lucky enough to obtain wasn't good in any stretch of the word. She got up any way. The time on her phone was ten after six. It was her turn to check on Samuel. She still fully hadn't grasped the concept about how much she just went through in the last ten hours. Her friend was a wanted man with super powers and not too long ago her hands were stained with his blood. Genesis wiped the cold out of her eye as she walked to Gordon's room. When she checked in, her heart dropped to her stomach. The covers were turned back and all the bloody towels were left on the floor. Instantly she woke the others, exclaiming Samuel’s absence.
Down at Belle Isle, Samuel's body had melted the snow where he sat with his legs crossed. He was front and center to the frozen Detroit River, staring calmly beyond. It was there his thoughts posed a question to him. Was being Energy Warrior worth it? He stopped to ask himself this question many a time over the past few months. He held his side as he remembered Crixus's blows. The only decent thought that Samuel was allowed was of dismantling that freak of a robot. The expression on his face became burdened. Everything he owned was in that church, including his shoe box of money. Another explosion. No doubt the media was going to crucify him. The man who was covered by darkness had him beat once again and so again Samuel might as well have been at square one.
On that same November morning, a press conference was held at COBO hall. The man who was covered by darkness was about to go for his ultimate check mate. He prominently stood tall behind a podium in his signature lavish apparel. The cameras flashed and the microphones were pointed. With the cunning of Satan, he gathered his words.
“I am a mystery to you all. That is the only thing that is certain here today. None of you know who I am. None of you have ever even seen me a day in your lives. That's why I've called this press conference here today. Who am I to call a press conference? I am nothing more than a little kid from Detroit and I come before you humbly. Last night with my own two eyes I witnessed an atrocity. This city was brutally victimized by the vigilante known as Energy Warrior as he went on a warpath with some metal creature of unknown origins. He laid waste to dozens of family owned businesses, grocery stores, and many other buildings key to holding together a strong community. By God's grace there were no fatalities. This man needs to be brought to justice. He is not a hero, he is not a savior, he is a hazard and Detroit has no room for his sick and twisted sense of heroism. My name is Julius Carter Ahsan and I am Detroit's residential billionaire. Until last night I decided to hide in the shadows, to stay invisible and live my life like a true one percenter. I thought I was doing all I could by working with Sphinx Industries. But when I see the city I love so much being plunged into hell by a maniac. I could only be described as cold hearted if I didn't feel some sort of call to action. Effective immediately! I am writing a blank check to take this man down. I will not rest until the words I have spoken are fact. This is our city and outlaws with a messiah complex do not rule it. I am Julius Ahsan and I will take down Energy Warrior.”
Julius walked away as if to say there was a new sheriff in town. The feedback was incredible as every reporter surged with questions. His eight-foot-tall body guards were sure of his safe travel against the answer hungry crowd.
The following weeks and months were different for everyone. Julius Ahsan was Detroit's hero, interview after interview and article after article. The same community that he flooded with weapons and dope is the same community he passed out turkeys and hams out the back of U-Haul trucks in. Teachers would spend whole class periods discussing him with their students. Even more insult to injury, they covered up his involvement in the Crixus machine or anything devious for that matter. Less was Samuel seen by the ones who loved him the most. He turned his back to them because whatever he was going through had to be done alone.
December with all its chilly charm flew by. New years and millions of unfulfilled resolutions came and went. On January twenty, something it was a regular morning for Genesis Martinez. Four in the morning wake up call to get everybody in the house up and ready. She went through her motions as usual, get her daddy up, get the kids clean and ready, make them lunches and somehow manage to get herself together and move on out. By the time lunch time rolled around Genesis was still drowsy as she sat at with her friends. Without anyone saying it they all looked at Samuel as he walked by. He looked grimier than usual. Sure, his clothes were always wrinkled and his shoes were never the best but now he just looked stressed. Taylin started laughing
“Ya boy lookin rough.”
“Damn you ain't lying. He looks like a fiend for real. Corner store crack head.”
Everyone enjoyed the stupid joke but Genesis was concerned. The kid was really looking burnt out. Report cards had come out yesterday and for some reason they had held his. Samuel sat in the principal's office waiting for her. Every few minutes he had to sit there he would look back at the clock. Ms. Clark walked in and sat down going through papers on her desk.
“Mr. Mason,” she addressed him.
“Ms. Clark. You sure kept me waiting long enough.”
“I do apologize. I was in a meeting.”
“Good for you,” he said. She looked up at him.
“I alright I quit. Why am I here?” Ms. Clark found the folder she was looking. She pulled this thin piece of paper from her file. Samuel looked at his report card sprinkled with C's, D's and too few A's.
“You can talk to me Samuel. Is there a problem at home?”
Problem wasn’t even the word, he thought.
“You were this school's best student.” All the hardship flashed before him. “Mr. Mason,” she snapped him out of his own mind. If he didn't know any better this piece of paper was burning his fingertips. Samuel swallowed the depression that was ensuing. He couldn't even look at his principal anymore. He got up and grabbed his things. All Samuel could hear was this overwhelming ringing in his ears.
“Mr. Mason,” Ms. Clark called. “We're not done here. Wait! Mr. Mason!”
Samuel walked out that door and found the first place he could be alone. After school Samuel sat on his favorite monkey bars. He stared off into space with the face of a man that held a thousand grudges. On the other side of the street at the corner. He could see Genesis. Sunshine or rain or snow in this matter she always had to make a run to family dollar. He watched her as she walked with her head down, listening to music. The moment she looked up she spotted him. It would be childish not to come over and speak. He watched her cross the street. The snow in the park was especially piled high since there was no one to shovel it. Genesis had to lift her thick legs in and out of the snow.
“Hi,” she said. She was breathing a little heavy from her journey. Her cheeks were getting red from the cold. Samuel looked down on her.
“What do want?” he asked coldly.
“Gee I don't know. I made my way through this hard ass snow for Casper the friendly ghost I guess.”
“Yeah. Casper’s not feeling to friendly right now. State your business.”
“State my business,” she scoffed. “Jesus. Does stuff have to be so different between us?”
“How would you prefer them?”
“I would prefer you come back to my house for hot cocoa and we can watch movies. “ Samuel dropped down.
“Don't you have someone you can do that with? Oh, I don't know like a boyfriend.” Genesis rolled her eyes.
“Sam. I… I stitched you up. Saved your life. That's got to mean something. I mean can we get past this?” she asked.
“NO!” he barked at her. “I don't wanna get past anything! You know what?! I take that back. I wanna get past you. I don't need YOU. I don't need anyone. I never did. Because when the dust settles it's always me. I've almost died TWICE NOW. THE LITTLE I HAD I LOST AND YOU, THIS CITY. GOD THIS FUCKIN CITY!”
She could hear the crackle in his voice. He was on the verge of losing it all
“Sam,” she said with all the sympathy she had.
“DON'T SAM ME! I'M TIRED OF THIS SHIT. ALL THIS TIME I'VE BEEN TRYING TO REPAY A DEBT I FELT I OWED BUT I JUST….I JUST” his voice cracked as if he was about to lose it all. She reached out to touch him but he jerked his head away until all the pre-tears were all gone. Samuel began to trudge his way through the snow.
“Where are, you going?! You shouldn't be alone right now. Come home with me. Eat something. Talk it out. Something. For shit sake Sam. We’re friends. I’ll always love you just not the way you want me to.” He stopped. His fists tightened. Fine if she wouldn't leave him, he'd make her. He turned around with such revulsion in his heart.
“JUST BECAUSE YOUR MOTHER RAN OFF. IT DOESN’T GIVE YOU THE RIGHT TO TRY TO BE MINE! Stay the hell away from me. We're not friends. You complete fucking waste of time.” Samuel walked off, leaving a devastated Genesis in his rear view. She sniffled taking deep breaths.
“FUCK YOU!” she yelled. “YOU HEAR ME?! FUCK YOU SAM!”
“Good.”
Julius walked out of the doors of a local church. He had given a very gracious offering. An old lady was right behind him. He stopped to take her arm and help her down. He played this new persona to the tee.
“You’re such a nice young man.” He smiled so charmingly, showing his white bright teeth.
“Thank you, Ms….ummm”
“Peggy. Call me Ms. Peggy sweetheart.”
“Okay Ms. Peggy, thank you.”
“Can I tell you something?”
“Anything Ms. Peggy.” With her old withered finger, she motioned him in closer. He leaned down to the little old lady.
“I have a request.”
“And what would that be?” he asked.
“I have grand babies in this world Mr. Ahsan. Beautiful. Each and every one of them. Different in they own way. Seven to be exact. I been a woman of God just about all my life. And with all his infinite wisdom and power, all I ask from the good lord is for me to live long enough to see them become happy healthy adults. The way things been going in this city you just can't do that anymore. Strange metal men running around and carrying on. Now between you and me before the Christ was the streets. I know a devil when I see one.”
“Is that so?” he grinned.
“Tail, pitch fork, and all honey. Please for me and all our sakes take that man down like you said you would.” Julius looked at the bold little elderly lady. He shook his head slowly in agreement.
“You have my word Ms. Peggy. He's history.”
“That's all I ask darlin,” she said patting his hand. Julius watched her go off with her cane. Coming from one of the Black Cadillac trucks across the street, one of his guards handed him a track phone. It was the right-hand man, Lanier.
“This isn't over the phone information. We need to speak.” After that the line between them went dead. Julius took out the battery of the phone and threw in the nearest garbage can.
With Karmen, Genesis laid in her arms crying her heart out. Karmen, the ever-good friend rubbed her head soothingly as her best friend vented.
“I mean, I just didn't know he could be so mean. Why would he even say some shit like that?”
“He's an asshole. We both know that. Perfect example. Remember the time you broke your arm? You had to wear a cast for like two months?”
“Yeah,”
“He made fun of you the whole time. He called you casty, one arm, broke bone Gen, all that dumb shit.”
“Yeah, but he was the first to come see me after. Plus, whenever I needed something he was right there.”
“You see that? Every time someone points out his bad qualities you make excuses for him. There’s no excuse for what he does. You and Gordon always wondering why people don't like him. Your literally like the only one to really put up with him and he has the nerve to be pissy at you because you don't share a crush. Look at the shit he does, he injures Tank, he always disappears especially when someone needs him. Oh! Defining moment. A psycho serial killer gets let loose at a fair and he dips on you. In my book that's leaving you for dead. C'mon now. You way too good to be worrying over that fuck boy.” Karmen didn't know he was Energy Warrior, it was still new to Genesis but still her friend had a point. Samuel wasn't all there, all the time. He was becoming reckless, and recklessness directly correlated with dangerous stupidity.
In the night, Samuel stood among the wreckage of the Southwest. He rummaged through the destruction. The words of Julius played through his mind, menace, hazardous, outlaw. From the looks of it he was standing on what used to be a grocery store. The closest one from there was at least five miles. What about the people who didn't have cars, Samuel thought. He kicked the dirt angry with himself. At the caution tape that sectioned the place off Samuel saw headlights pull up. Gordon got out of the car emphatically. Samuel groaned.
“What the fuck is yo problem?” Gordon asked.
“Where do I begin?” Samuel asked
“You really have a problem.”
“Who you tellin?”
“STOP WITH THE BULLSHIT!”
“It's all bullshit Gordon. Deal with it.”
“Your miserable. You fucked Genesis up today. She’s probably still cryin. You need to fix things. Fix yourself.”
“ Everybody's a therapist these days,”
“You need therapy.”
“Again. Who you tellin.” Samuel put his hand to Gordon's chest, lightly pushing him back so he could zoom off.
In the parking lot of a store, Samuel laid scrunched up in the back seat of his car. He could see his breath. His jacket was his blanket and his thoughts were his pillow. All his estranged friends circled around his head. The more people that have nothing to do with me the better, he thought. Past the self-loathing, Samuel thought of his next move. If Mr. Ahsan made his check mate Samuel had to at least plan his but first he had to hit him where it hurts.
It didn’t take long. Coming in by the way of the Detroit River was a rusty old cargo ship by the name of the Bantam. Every three months it would sneak up on the city in the midnight mist. When it came things always got exciting. Deaths, dealing, and incarnations were sure to ensue. Samuel was vigilant, standing on top of one of the nearby buildings. When the ship anchored that's when he watched the closest. A man nothing more than silhouette in the night let down the ramp. Another individual in a fancy fur coat came out of the bridge room. A group of men came from the left on the docks, all armed. When they boarded the fur coat welcomed them. They were straight to the point. The eccentric fur coat man wasn't so happy with their blunt arrival but with a snap of his fingers he had several of his men bring the cargo front and center. These were no fools. They took a crowbar to the lid just to make sure. The product was of the finest luxuries, gold, diamonds, and of course black market firearms. If Samuel was a different man he would make them cut him in. He beeped in Serenity.
“Product in sight? she asked.
“Just like you said,” Samuel replied. “They’re still unloading. I wish you could see this. This stuff must be straight from the source.”
“Then what are you waiting for? Go make a few waves.”
Samuel did just that as he leaped from the roof and landed on the boat. Everyone wobbled before they could steady themselves. Like always, all guns became pointed at Samuel. With a laser from his finger he snapped the rope anchoring them to the docks. The boat immediately started to drift away.
“Anyone want to tell me it's not what it looks like?” Nobody spoke. “C'mon I really hate quiet people.” Four masked ninjas shot from the water and landed on the boat. They were exactly like the ones he encountered in the pent house. Jesus, they were trouble, he thought. When the fighting began the fur, coat scampered his way back to the lower levels. Samuel hadn’t noticed but he was neck deep in swords and bullets. When the guns had no effect, they pulled from their precious crates. The rounds they now shot became dangerous and unpredictable. It was like the bullet would hit you then on top of that had an exploding effect, like a tiny missile. He had to zig zag with the best of his speed, those things stung. When Samuel was under pressure he decided to just take the easy route, sink the whole damn ship. His hand started to glow as he focused all his energy into it. With all the commotion, the boat had gotten pretty far from the dock. Everyone had some intelligence at least when it came to jumping overboard. Now that he could interrogate in peace. Samuel took his time down the steps as if nothing was happening.
“Hello,” he darkly made his presence known. He shivered in the corner holding out a gun.
“Bullets don't really hurt me. Maybe you should try small knifes, or green rocks, better yet, the color yellow.”
“What?!”
“Never mind.” Serenity came back online.
“You got him?”
“Yup.”
“Alright,” she did some typing on her computer.
“His name is Tony Feyard. Wanted in a couple different countries. Lot of aliases.”
Samuel lifted his foot to Tony’s chest. “I got a few questions Tony and I need you to answer fast because…well you know our problem. Can you swim Tony?”
“Fuck you.” Samuel slid off Tony's pinky ring then broke the finger. Feyard screamed in pain.
“Fuck me? You can do better than that Tony. Julius Ahsan, that's who that cargo was going to. I know that much. I want everything you have on Julius. Everything.”
“I don't know anything.” Samuel shook his head. He stepped back from Tony and started jumping up and down with all his weight. The ship was becoming more and more unstable.
“I swear to God I don't know anything.” Tony was on the verge of pissing himself. Samuel got in his face.
“Don't swear to God. He's not the one willing to drown you if you don't speak up.”
“Don't make me,” he begged.
“He'll kill you, he'll kill you. I've heard it before. TALK!” Samuel grabbed Tony by the jaw like an angry mother. “Who is he? The real him?”
“I'm just the supplier.”
“And I'm just Energy Warrior.”
“He's a nobody okay.”
“Talk fast,” Samuel put Tony on his feet.
“Pamela Acardi. First Detroit female drug dealer to become a millionaire. I worked with her initially, as her supplier. Ahsan was her right-hand man, he was the most loyal thing you could find. For almost a decade he sat back watching, studying. After all that women, had seen and been through she ended up dying of something as simple as the flu. At least that's what people have been led to believe. The moment her heart stopped beating he took over, ruthlessly. Like you already know first-hand he's made himself invincible.”
Samuel snatched up Tony and got him to the dock just in time to watch the ship go completely under. Tony tried to make a run for it. Samuel zipped in front of him for a final message.
“Go to him. Tell him what happened here tonight. Word for word and pray he's in a decent mood.”
“Please,” he pleaded. “ You know that's just like sending me to death.
“Like I said, pray.” Above the city, Julius stared over Detroit. A blimp that said the world was his would be befitting but there was nothing of the sort, just a bright city. In the media, they always showed the liter, the filth and the scum of the earth. Truth was it was a beautiful city with history sprinkled on every corner, a perfect place to build something and to be someone. Nobody gave it it's props. These sentiments were soon blasted out of his mind as two of his men rushed through the doors, dragging a begging Tony in. Julius shook his head. How good moments are swiftly taken, he thought. He turned around to the pathetic Mr. Feyard.
“Leave him,” Julius said. The men dropped Tony and closed the doors behind them as they left.
“We didn't know he was coming. Word, was he finally gave up?”
“HIM,” Julius said with nothing more than revulsion. “Where's the cargo? I need my cargo.”
“That's the thing boss. It's at the bottom of the river. He sunk the ship. It wasn't our fault. You understand, right?”
The guard outside flashed looks to each other. They wouldn’t want to be that guy right now.
“Fifty million in Cargo. FIFTY MILLION IN CARGO!”
“It's sounds bad boss I know but I can fix this,” the fur coat exclaimed. “Boss. That man. He's fast and way too strong. The ninjas couldn't touch him and even when they did it wasn't enough.” Julius was seething but he calmed himself and became the renaissance man he knew he could be.
“Excuses are a bridge to nothingness. I could kill you. I could have you killed. There are many options here but I've made my decision. You and you alone are going to swim to the bottom of that river and retrieve every piece of product I paid for. Then when you finally finish you personally owe me twenty million for pain and suffering. UNDERSTAND?!”
Tony didn't want to die and didn’t dare argue the deal. On his hands and knees, he crawled to him. He thanked him for his wonderful mercy. Julius was disgusted. How could Tony call himself a man when in all his personal moments from here on and forever he could remember this moment of complete cowardice. Julius kicked him in the face.
“Get away from.” Didn’t have to tell Tony twice. “I LIVE IN A WORLD OF HALF WITS AND IMBECILES.”
Lanier walked as Tony was running out. Julius was composing himself.
“I know this isn't a good time,” Lanier said. Julius sat in his chair undoing his tie.
“Get to it Greg.” He pointed towards the door. His two tigers walked in.
“Per your request.”. The tigers walked straight toward their master. He was happy to see them. Julius played with them. To him they were just big cats. Pets brought ease even to this soulless man.
“You know why I paid so much money for these cats?” asked Julius.
“You wanted them, sir.”
“They remind me of myself. Hunters, killers, born from day one with sharp teeth and instinct. King of the jungle. Detroit is my jungle Lanier.”
“Very true sir. I need to discuss something? Besides the Piscal situation and past your other little problem.”
“Don’t sugar coat. That problem is far from miniscule. Continue.”
“Sir. With all the funding for Energy Warrior. Plus, the large donations. Not to mention your other exotic pursuits. We’re losing more money than we’re bringing in.”
Julius turned to his window. He ran his fingers across the top of his desk, trying to compute what was said.
“What pushed us over?”
“All numbers considered. The cargo sir.”
He chuckled. “Okay.”

XI. MAJOR PLAYS
In the following weeks, Samuel, had managed to pick up a little job at a small diner on six mile. For the most part it was me, myself, and I for him. Why was he this way, he asked himself. On those walks, away from work, when the sky was dark and the streets were empty that's when he contemplated life. How did things get so bad? For as long as Samuel could remember he was cursed with a reverse Midas touch. He hadn't talked to Genesis in so long. Anger was quick to turn into embarrassment. He didn't mean to act that way towards her but sometimes all he could see was the abyss. After burning all his bridges Samuel didn't even have a place to sleep, another night in a car behind a dumpster somewhere.
In school, all anyone could talk about was Valentine's Day. There was an assembly that was held in the last hour of school. God, Samuel hated assemblies just sitting there, doing a whole bunch of nothing. It was still better than class though. This dance was sort of like a mock prom with a King and a Queen. Before anything they gave stipulations about how long the girls dresses could be, appropriate attire, and how gentleman were to behave. The immature teenagers snickered and cheesed as they listened. After all the technicalities came the nominees. The auditorium stage was filled with football players and cheerleaders and just about anyone who was not deemed a lame. Samuel couldn't stand them. Maybe he was just a little bit salty. Every one of them had to get on the mic and say why they deserved to be crowned. Inevitably, came Taylin. He couldn't just be on the stage like everyone else. No, he had to make an entrance from the back with his Moncler and Cartier glasses.
“What's poppin, my school?” he asked on the mic. The crowd got hype at his word. “As y’all know I'm the ya man Taylin. No last name needed. I'm poppin for real and if you say I'm not you know you lying.” The boy even had the faculty cracking up. “Two state championships. Two years in a row. GO MUSTANG!” The audience cheered. “I should be king because…..shoot I don't know because for real don't lie that crown would look good on my head for real for real. I'm big daddy loaf. Follow me the gram,” he quickly added.
“Go Taylin,” A few girls shouted from the audience. Samuel's skin was literally crawling. He was going to get cancer in this room. Taylin laughed and grinned, he was their celebrity and he knew it.
“But to be serious for a moment. Yall see that girl sitting in the crowd? Middle of row three,” he pointed to Genesis. All eyes were on her. “That's my baby. I love her for real. She my queen no matter what the vote is. And maybe even one day she can be Mrs. Ford.” Every girl in a six-million-mile radius went “Awwww.” If Samuel never wanted to slit his wrists he damn sure wanted to do it now. He got up, snuck his way past a few teachers and left. The moment he was finally out of that auditorium he felt like he could breathe. In the hall, Samuel was headed to get some water, that's when Gordon was incoming. They were going to walk past each other like they were complete and total strangers but their shoulders bumped. Both turned around immediately.
“Watch where you goin.”
“Yeah whateva. You just look out.” They walked away from each other.
“Dick,” Samuel mumbled.
“Bitch,” Gordon said under his breath.
Fourteen days from that same day all the little boys and girls made themselves pretty. The whole nine, arched eyebrows, open back dresses, and rented tuxedos. When a Detroit school did a dance, it did a dance. Every event was prom level, no exceptions. On that February day, light snow fell from the sky, just enough to set the scene of a beautiful wonderland. Taylin stood in Genesis's living room out cold decked out in Armani with a Gucci belt and loafers, all with a pair of Cartier glasses. Genesis's little sisters brought her out in this beautiful black suede dress, with stilettos she still needed to master how to walk in. It only made her cuter. Taylin cracked the biggest smile. Her stepmother was a sucker for dances. She was geeked, standing in the kitchen, taking pictures. Everything that was going on made her remember her dancing days, which weren’t that long ago. Genesis was breath taking, everything on her was done from the top of her head to the tip of her toes. The icing Taylin's dad let him borrow his all black Benz S550. In the German engineering, he whisked her away.
Julius Ahsan stood on stage in a ball room for a fundraiser for inner city youth. His audience that he himself attracted were the wealthy looking for a noble tax write off.
“I want to thank you all for being here today. Especially since it's on Valentine's Days. I know you all rather be home with your ugly wives.” Everybody laughed even a few women. Julius grinned. “I'm just kidding. It's nice to know we have a since of humor. Now comes the depressing part.” On the wall behind him an image is being projected. No such much an image but a number. Do you know what that number is? It was of the average SAT score for inner city youth. “When I look at this ladies and gentlemen my heart sinks. Now the average person sees a number. You want to know what I see? I see teachers being paid too little to care. I see poverty pushing kids away from their education. And more importantly I see a dim future. These children are literally what's next and will mold the next twenty to thirty years of this city. This poor is ladies and gentlemen and…..” Though every eye was focused on him and the passionate bull that spewed from his mouth he could see in the back two gangly looking men. One was skinny as could be and the other big as day. Abruptly he passed on the mic and headed to the back. He rushed the men somewhere more hidden.
“Who told you to come here!” he quietly snapped.
“Nobody. We'd figured you'd be here. We just knew this is where all the wealthy was conjugating.
“Jesus Christ boy. You mean congregate.”
“Yeah you know.” Julius took a deep breath.
“Do you know who you’re looking for?”
“Your nephew's old bottom Bitch. We know?
“Good. Now get out. You were never here.”
Amazing wasn't even the word for the Valentine's Day dance. It was in this beautiful building that the school had rented. The lights were dimmed and the chaperones were lazy leaving the young adults to do what they do. A few people had even snuck off into the back. It was safe to say that more than a few girls were going to be added to dude’s body count. Genesis stood to the side while Taylin drank with his friends. The thick crowd spit Karmen out. Her hair was sort of crazy and her dressed was hiked up. She pulled on it as she approached Genesis.
“You havin fun Ms. twerk?” she asked. Karmen started to dance on her.
“Sure am,” Karmen said. Genesis smacked her butt, making her stop. Karmen leaned against the wall beside her. “You gon wait for Taylin or finally join the party?”
“Imma wait. There's nothing out there for me plus everybody in that crowd sweaty. Probably stank. I’m good in my little corner.”
“Fine,” Karmen said. She took a sip of her drink. “This punch is good. Take a sip.”
“Girl that stuff was spiked like half an hour ago.” Karmen looked all wide eyed at her cup.
“Damn. That's why I'm so FUCKED up.” Genesis laughed. She took the cup and downed the drink
When their little second was gone so was Genesis's smile. Karmen watched her. She could see this sort of depression take over her.
“Tell me you aren't letting him ruin your night,” Karmen said. “Look me in the eye.”
“Girl I'm not even thinking about him.” She was a lie and a half.
“Mmm hmm. I'm not letting Samuel Mason ruin you. Whatever’s going on in his little world is not your problem.”
“Message received.”
“GOOD. Now get that ass on the dance floor. I’m ready for some grindin.”
Everybody was having a good time. The vibe was good and the DJ knew exactly what he was doing. It was about that time. The party music scratched all off a sudden. Everyone waited to see what was going to happen. The DJ played Don't, by the one and only Bryson Tiller. Every boy found their girl and got real close. Taylin and Genesis were the center piece of the room. Side to side they swayed. He couldn't wait any longer. Before they even got to the end of the song Taylin was rushing her out of the room by the arm.
“Where are we going?” she asked.
“Just c'mon. I got a surprise,” he told her.
In the parking lot, he opened the door for her to that Benz that rode so smoothly. After maybe ten minutes they stopped. They pulled in the parking lot of the Marriott. Taylin had already checked in with the lobby people. They were on the first elevator to paradise. It wasn't long before Taylin had her on that soft bed, hand on her thighs, tongue down her throat. Her dress was coming off. He had whisked her way on a beautiful night and for the most part was the perfect gentlemen. Genesis had made him wait long enough, was it really time? All these thoughts were coming into her head. She leapt up and ran to the bathroom. Taylin's jaw dropped.
“What did I do?!” he raised his arms in awe. She was so frustrating. On the inside, Genesis leaned on the sink taking a breather. She looked in the mirror. What's wrong with me, what would Karmen do, she thought. Back on the outside, Taylin undid his tie and threw the condoms out of his pockets on the bed. He shook his head while sat on the end of the bed. Right about now he ready to explode, there was nothing worse than being hard and having nothing to do about it. Taylin laid back and just waited.
Serenity downed her poison of choice, vodka. The girl had returned home to the Three Levels of Sin nightclub. The place just wasn't the same. Business was cool though. It was sad for real. Some of the girls her and Samuel had freed were right back doing the deed. She didn’t know whether it was the drink or her own head that had her in her feelings. There wasn't much left for Serenity. This thing or whatever it was with Samuel was seeming like it was going to crash and burn. It was too good to be true. She took another shot then hopped down from her stool. On the outside, she walked with her hands in her pocket watching one foot go in front of the other. She was just going to head back home, wherever that was. The wayward ex-prostitute, Serenity chuckled at herself. Like a true Detroit native, she would check behind herself every so often. On maybe third time, someone was following her. She walked a tad faster. It could have been just a guy going the same way. Out of where ever, a big guy stepped in front of her. When it was dark out and the streets were a ghost town it was never a guy just going the same way. Serenity pulled a pocket knife. When she tried to swing, her arm was yanked by the man behind her. One punch to her small frame while her head was turned and she was gone.
Genesis took a deep breath. I told him soon, she thought. She couldn't explain. It was that itch in the back of her mind, she wasn't ready or rather it wasn't right, right now. Shedding her cowardice, Genesis opened the door. Instantly Taylin raised up.
“So wassup?” he asked. She walked over to him in such an apologetic way. He already knew he wasn't getting it.
“Thank you for tonight,” she said before she kissed him on the cheek. “I know you must have spent a lot of money.” Genesis sat beside him. “I'm not ready Taylin. I see a hundred bitches a day giving it up to sum bum who ain't worth the time. To keep it a hundred I'm not sure if this right.” Taylin stood up looking like he wanted to knock her into next week.
“OH, MY GOD! YOU GET ON MY FUCKIN NERVES,” he groaned. “YOU TRYING TO SAY I’M, NOT RIGHT? BITCH PLEASE. GET THE FUCK ON WIT THAT SHIT. I COULDA BEEN GETTIN HIM SOME.” Taylin just shook his head, breathing. “GET THE FUCK OUT. I'M NOT SPENDING NO MORE TIME OR MONEY ON YO DUMBASS.”
Genesis stood there. A vein was about to pop out of her head. She dropped all she had in her hands and started tearing apart the room. She threw the holy bible from the night stand at his head, missing him only by inches.
“BITCH ARE YOU CRAZY?!”
“I DON'T KNOW AM I?” she asked swiping the lamp from the dresser. She ripped apart the beds and raised hell to the fullest. Taylin stood with his back against the wall. When Genesis got mad it was scary. After fifteen minutes of Spanish madness, she stood in the middle of the room out of breath. There was a knock at the door. Taylin scurried his way past Genesis and answered it. Lo and behold it was two police officers. She couldn't believe it, so fast.
“Oh, thank god,” Taylin said. He opened the door wide so they could see the mess. “Take her crazy ass officer. She's all yours. Look what the fuck she did.”
“Come quietly miss,” they said
“I'm done with this crazy little Mexican.” Genesis seemingly started to grab her things when she pounced on Taylin, taking him to the floor. The police restrained her. Her stepmother was always looking for a reason to hang her and this would be it. Genesis was going to get to the station and they were going to call her father and after that, nothing. There would be no TV, no friends over, no going anywhere, nothing. There was one chance though. Genesis bit the hand of the cop that had her and took off with a vengeance. Three years of cheer leading, two years of track. Her heart was racing as she ran down the long hallway with the wind. Sooner than the she would have hoped the four years of smoking and hot Cheetos caught up. She took the first elevator she saw. The cops caught up and saw the floor she was heading to and took the stairs. Genesis fumbled with her purse in the elevator to find her phone. When she found it, she dialed one number.
On Samuel's end, the day was peaceful. The diner was dead empty and the only thing he could hear was his boss watching TV in the back. He took a rag to the dirty table in a circular motion. It seemed like people hated cleaning up after themselves. His phone rang. When Samuel took it out of his pocket he couldn’t believe it. It was Genesis. Did she want to work things out? Did she want to tell him off finally? He answered.
“Hello?” he answered trying to play it cool.
“SAMUEL!” she yelled. He took the phone away from his ear.
“Gen what's wrong.” When she got upset like this she would go back and forth between English and Spanish.
“THE POLICE?! THEY'RE AFTER ME. YOU GOTTA COME GET ME. PLEASE SAM! PLEEAASSE! I KNOW WE AREN'T….”
“Genesis,” he called. She kept going on and on. “GENESIS!” Samuel yelled. “I'll be there. Don't say a word. I'll be right there!” Samuel peeked in the back. His boss had his feet up, stuffing his face. He'd be alright. Samuel snatched his coat and headed out. When the elevator hit the first floor the cops were waiting for her. The doors opened. Genesis put her hands up.
“You got me,” she served an inelegant smile. Rapidly she was in cuffs and in the back seat of a police car.
Before too long Genesis was in a cell. She looked around at the females that were in with her. Some of them had long given up their femininity. Genesis could always understand liking girls because girls were awesome but why dress like a little boy.
“Eh ma,” one called. Genesis looked over. She knew that was coming.
“You look nice today. I like yo little dress. Can I get you anything? I run this cell baby girl.” Genesis was no scared puppy.
“No thank you baby. I won't be here long.” As those words left her mouth the lights went out. Everyone was told to keep calm chill. A lieutenant sent a rookie to go check the breakers. Genesis smirked. She knew this was no power outage. Swiftly a bright light moved through the precinct. When the lights came back on Genesis was gone.
On the outside without any words or gestures he wrapped her in his coat, put her on his back and took her for her a high-speed run. Genesis held on to him tightly. She let her head rest on his back. She didn't care what anybody said. Samuel was there when it counted. Before she knew it, she was opening the door to a shadowy back porch. They walked and talked through the dark.
“Where’s the family?”
“Parents probably dropped the kids off at my uncle’s and went somewhere.”
“It’s Valentine’s day. Try motel six, humpin each other’s brains out.”
“I really don’t need that visual. Bad news bears for my already fragile psyche.”
Samuel forced a chuckle. Genesis turned on the living room lamp and threw her coat off. That dress woke Samuel all the way up. On her way to her room, she stopped to check out the thermostat. It was religiously too cold in that house. Her dad didn't believe in heat. He'd tell anybody to put an extra shirt on before anything else. Good thing he wasn't there. Samuel watched her as she was hunched over. There wasn't really a lot of light so he could only see the outline of her. Even her shadow had something about her. She poked out in all the right places and since she was bent over he could see the adorable pudge that formed on her belly. He smiled. When they got to her room Samuel sat on the edge of her bed. She grabbed her lighter and lit a candle. He looked back at her.
“Little Miguel broke my lamp,” Genesis answered.
“Ambience. That’s wassup.”
“Yeah. Been waiting to use these candles anyway,” she said. “Nothing can stay nice in this house for long.”
“How was the dance?” he asked for sake of things not getting quiet. He hadn't heard her voice in so long, too long.
“Good, while it lasted,” she dried her head, making a wonderful mess of her hair.
“What do you mean while it lasted? How did yo social butterfly ass not have a good time?”
“Taylin took me to that fancy hotel room down town. When I wouldn’t give it up…. he kicked me out. I lost it. I got arrested “ Samuel shook his head.
“He's an asshole.”
“So are you,” Genesis reminded him. He got quiet.
“You’re just not like him,” she added.
“Is that a good thing?”
“Yeah. It is.” A dim smile from him was in order.
“Look. You had a rough night. I hope you feel better,” he stood.
“I always tell you when I want you to leave me alone, don't I?”
“Yeah. It always goes like, Sam you play too much. Get the fuck on,” he mocked her. Genesis giggled.
“It's not my fault you’re annoying.”
“If I had dime for every time I've been told that.”
“Black Bill Gates.”
“Funny. I wish.” They shared a laugh over that one.
“I don’t wanna be alone. Not tonight,” she took hold of his hand.
“Genesis……” he wondered. She gazed at him, seeing him in a whole new light. Before thinking had its way, she bestowed a kiss upon the little kid from Detroit. It wasn't long, it wasn't planned but it was soul lifting.
Both inched away from each other in shock. Both, breathing a little heavier
“I'm sorry,” she said.
“Naw,” he shook his head. “Don't be.”
For maybe the first time ever Samuel Mason IV became speechless. He couldn't form syllables let alone words. The blood was only flowing to one place in his body and it wasn't his brain. Samuel moved closer to her to kiss her. Harder this time, deeper, more passionate. His hands moved further and further down here back until they were around her ass. God, she had an ass. This buzzing went through her entire body. She backed up having to take a breather.
“Did I do something wrong?” he asked.
“No,” she answered.
She questioned herself but she couldn't deny it. That itch in the back of her head, nowhere to be found. Samuel approached her, taking in her cat like green eyes. She looked back into his brown orbs. He was her boy, always had been. He held the whole world with his spark. “I might need some help if we’re really doing this,” she turned her back to him. She was shy as she was sexy. Samuel gulped. He took her zipper, slowly taking it down. That was an air syphoning journey all together, gradually revealing the fine hairs going down her smooth back.
“Your turn,” she said when she stood in nothing but her matching bra and panties. She folded her arms awkwardly trying to cover up the stretch marks on her breasts. Samuel didn't understand it. How could this master piece of a woman be shy in front of this shattered portrait of a man? Samuel pulled his shirt over his head then slowly took off his pants. He took a deep breath. They sat on the side of her bed.
“Is something wrong?”
“I uh…. I uh…. don’t know where to start,” he admitted. “I’ve thought about this ten billion times and don’t even know where to start.” He couldn’t stand himself. She rested her head on his shoulder.
“You could kiss me,” she said supportively. Samuel leaned in until her full glossy lips met his. She was so soft and smelled like vanilla. She undid her bra. Gravity had no effect on her twins. He cupped one while he kissed her. Now he had his momentum. Samuel put her back to that bed. Ceremoniously he slid those lace panties off of her revealing her diamond. This is happening, this is really happening, he repeated in his head like a broken record.
“You just gon stare at it” she asked. Samuel looked up with this dazed expression. Genesis smirked at how sexy he found her. Now it was his turn again. As slow as he could he took his boxers off letting his man hood flop out. Genesis turned her head as she blushed. She admired him as she rested her head on her pillow. Samuel crawled over her, his toned arms keeping him up.
“Samuel,” she said. He giggled a bit.
“What?”
“You called me Samuel.”
“If you hurt me. And I put this on my grandma. I’m decking you in the mouth. Just be gentle. Okay.” she said in the lightest voice
“I wouldn’t hurt you Gen. Ever.” She trusted him whole heartedly. Slow and steady he inched his way to becoming one with her. Her eyes rolled back for just a second. There breathings and everything about them changed.
“You good?” he asked. Genesis adjusted herself a little. She wrapped her arms around his neck and nodded. On the same page The whole thing was so bliss in the deepest most emotional of ways. After all these years, they were having each other. They connected on so many levels that night. Nothing took too long before both were in bed under the covers facing each other. Genesis was snuggled up to Samuel, her head on his tattooed chest.
“Thank you.”
“It's sex. I don't think you’re supposed to thank me. It’s mutual baby.”
“Just seemed like the thing to do.” The largest, most obnoxious smile formed on his face.
“What?” she asked.
“Out of all the high school dudes that try to talk to you. MCH dudes, Renaissance dudes, Cass Tech dudes who all y’all girls love, I'm the one,” Samuel said with his proud expression “Wait til people hear about this.” Genesis punched him.
“Kidding, just kidding. But uhhh can what just happened keep happening?” Samuel asked.
“If you’re my boyfriend. I don't see a reason not to.”
“Hallelujah,” he leaned in for a kiss. Genesis turned her head.
“You got something to ask me?”
Samuel was confused for a minute but he got the message. “Genesis Sincere Martinez, will you be my girlfriend?”
She titled her head “Hmmm lemme think about it.” Samuel smacked his lips
“What I can't never make jokes? Yes Sam. I'll be your girlfriend.” Samuel took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
“Maybe now I can save some money on Vaseline.” Genesis put her face in the palm of her hands.
“You had to ruin it, didn't you?”
“What? It's the truth you gave my right hand a well-deserved break. I was pretty sure I was gonna have to break down and pay for my first time.” Samuel raised up, his expression much more thoughtful for lack of a better word. “I have to know something.”
“Anything.”
“I have this thing where. I mess up stuff. Especially the good stuff.”
“Huge understatement but go on.”
“I just gotta know. Why now? Why is all this happening now instead of when I don’t know…. expressed myself to you? What changed?”
Genesis sat up with him. “I don’t know. I guess I just realized I can’t stay mad at you. God knows I tried, you’re a type-A asshole but…. you’re the most amazing person I’m ever go to meet. I love you. Whether I knew it or not was the question.
Outside the window a light was pulling into the driveway. They both jumped out of bed. The family was incoming. Quickly Samuel got dressed. Genesis grabbed her robe running him to the back door.
“I love you,” said Samuel spontaneously at the door.
“I love you too,” she kissed him. Now go!”
“Wait, wait, wait before I leave,” he said. She groaned knowing exactly what he wanted. She opened her robe giving him one last peak at the goodies. With that Samuel hopped over her backyard fence no problem and was gone before anyone was the wiser. The universe, for once the universe work inexplicably in his favor. He had more life in him now than ever. Like Forrest Gump he just kept running. His legs went one in front of the other until they were almost invisible. At his fastest, Samuel hopped, reachi.ng for the stars. The wind felt so good. He could swear he was flying. This little part of life was called happiness.
In a dark damp concrete room Serenity was coming back to consciousness. Instantly the left side of her face was throbbing with pain. She rolled over and weakly got to all fours. In the puddle beside her she could see her horrible black eye. Suddenly the image was distorted by a drop of water. She glanced upward. The water was coming from a rusty old pipe. A roach crawled by her hand. She snatched it away.
“Mommies finally awake,” someone said. There was this heavy breathing that came into the room.
“Whoever you sick fucks are you're going to be sorry. I got good friends. Good powerful friends.”
“We know mommy. That's why you’re……”
“STOP CALLING ME MOMMY!”
From each side of the room her antagonists one and two came into the light. One reached for her.
“DON'T TOUCH ME!” she back herself into corner.
“C'mon mommy we'll have our fun in then we'll be done.”
“Hey that rhymed.”
“It ain't nothing you ain't used to doing.”
“I don't do that anymore. I’m better than that.”
“Says who?”
“Says me! NOW LEAVE ME ALONE!”
“We tried to play nice. Least give you a chance.”
“Yeah mommy we take what we want.” They moved in on her. Serenity threw a punch only to be put to cold hard ground on her stomach. They went for her pants but she kept them a bay with a kick to the face. With all her might she tried to get to the door. The handle wouldn't budge an inch. Terrifying and haunting screams came from that room. Unspeakable evil was happening, the type many didn't walk away from.
Paris Piscal made his way into Julius's office. Inside Lanier was helping the man out of his ball room tuxedo.
“Leave us,” Julius told Lanier. Lanier gathered the man's cufflinks and coat and did what he was told.
“You called?” Piscal asked.
“I very well did.” Julius reached in his drawer, grabbed a few papers then proceeded to pour himself a drink. “Today I did something very indecent. Very indecent indeed. To one of Energy Warrior's little friends no less. Or rather had something done. He cost me a lot of money. I've spent even more trying to track him down. Up until this point it has been tit for tat. I think to myself sometimes that all I would need is his very name and that would be it.” Piscal touched the gun on his hip. “I come to find that the very man I hired knows his name and that's not the worst part. He keeps it to himself because he wants my prize as his trophy. My prize.” Julius turned around. Piscal had his gun pointed right between his eyes.
“You finally figured it out huh?”
“Idiotic piscal. I’m disappointed more than anything.” Julius rolled up his sleeves. “Are you going to shoot me or are you going show me what the best assassin in the world can do?”
Piscal chuckled. “You can bait the weak minded. I'm not weak minded,” Piscal fired. Quickly Julius rolled over his desk coming back up with his trusty revolver. Bang, he fired the powerful gun. The bullet sprayed leaving wholes all in the walls. Piscal pushed himself from book case he was pressed against to fire. He missed shattering the glass behind man. He decided this battle wasn't happening. Piscal took a running start to leap off the desk and out the window. Julius's breathing was up as he looked a sky scraper's length down. He turned to the intercom on his desk.
“Lanier. Another glass repairman.”
Next morning, Karmen the conceited was busy taking a hundred selfies. Her iPhone rarely had enough storage. Genesis barged in, startling her.
“Uh…nobody ever taught you how to knock?” she asked.
“My bad girl,” she said. Karmen went back to taking pictures but turned around to take a double take of Genesis. There was something s odd about her.
“What?! Can I get my face back?!” Genesis shouted after a few seconds of her friends near gawking.
“You damn near glowing. Walking in here on cloud nine and shit.”
“Been drinkin lots of water lately.”
“Water, my ass. Matter of fact, do me a favor. Go out and walk back in.” Genesis raised her hands in confusion but did it anyway. Karmen started to get all giddy.
“Girl, what's yo frustration?”
She started teasing her,”Taylin got the cookie. Taylin got the cookie.”
“What?”
“You heard me. I can see it. You come in here all happy, you walkin funny. Taylin hit so don't even try to lie.”
“Taylin's hoe ass didn't hit anything,” she shook her head.
“Well somebody did and you really ain't the type to go out and get no random man sooooo explain.” With her little finger, Genesis motioned her to step closer.
“It was Sam,” she whispered in her friend's ear. Karmen smacked her lips.
“Don't play with me. You don't gotta lie. I'm already hip.” Genesis shrugged.
“Whatever helps you sleep at night.”
“Genesis for real, stop playing.” She raised her eyebrow. Karmen's skin went cold and her face went blank.
“Oh God,” she moaned. “I'm…. I think I'm gonna be sick.” In the nearest trash can she lost her breakfast.
Gordon sat on his couch, eyes blood shot red with the most relaxing smile on his face. When he got high like this he swore he spoke to God. The doorbell rang. Slowly he looked over. No one else was home to answer the door. Gordon took a breath. Getting up was hard. He opened the door to Samuel's face. He walked right in. Gordon looked at him. Weren't they mad at each other? It didn't matter now.
“Wassup?” he asked plopping next to Samuel. Samuel was about to form his sentence but then it hit him.
“Jesus Christ! The weed you smoke is mind numbing. Even the scent hurts my head.” Gordon bust out laughing.
“That's the good stuff boy!”
“Yeah well, it's killing me,” Samuel rubbed his nose. “Anyway, I got news.”
Gordon blinked his eyes trying to come to himself. “What?”
“Me and Genesis,” Samuel nudged him with his shoulder
“You and Genesis what? I'm high as a kite baby boy. You got to spell shit out for me.”
“We, did it?”
Gordon shook his head, sobering up a bit. He wiped his face.
“You two?”
Samuel shook his head. “Us two.”
“YOU FUCKED GENESIS! HA HA HA,” he laughed with joy.
“Well it was more like making love ya know.” Gordon stopped right then and there.
“You just messed up my whole high you corn ball. You sound soft.”
“What?! That's how I feel.” Gordon shook his head.
“It's like I've taught you nothing.”
“We good? Me and you?”
“Always,” he gave Samuel a five.
A week and a half went by. A hell of a week and a half it was. Samuel was for once more than okay. He was good, spending every moment he could with Genesis and when they couldn't be together they were on the phone for hours. A human being wasn't meant to go without affection and Samuel could stand so much. Their hugs, their kisses, their glances were the whole world. Happiness was bliss. It was great but the universe always knew a man better than he knew himself. The universe knew whether a man's work was done or not and it always had a funny way of calling him back to action, subtle or not. That fuzzy feeling couldn’t last. All Samuel could hear was a loud ringing in his ears as the doctors of Sinai explained to him Serenity's condition. Her body showed signs of rape and prolonged torture. She was unconscious as of now. The doctors left Samuel in the waiting room. He didn't want to see her or rather he couldn't. Everybody in the their distanced themselves from the nut case who looked like he was about to foam at the mouth. If it wasn't one thing it was ten others. Why did it always have to be like this, he thought. He hit himself in the head two good times. Genesis rushed to his side.
“What's going on?” she asked. Samuel was too infuriated to answer. She looked around the room. Everyone was a little uneasy. Even the guards kept their hands close to the hip just in case anything was to pop off.
“Sam,” she whispered to him. “Get it together. Your scaring people and those guards are two seconds away from trying to kick you out. C'mon baby come with me.” With the angriest expression, Samuel quietly followed her. They stood in a corner somewhere to the side.
“Now, tell me what happened.” He swallowed his rage.
“Serenity….Serenity was raped. A few cops found her this morning under a highway.” Saying out loud only made him feel worse. “A GOD DAMN HIGHWAY!”
“Oh, my God. Is she alright?”
“What kind of stupid question is that?! No! She's not alright. Far from it.” Genesis stepped back from him. “I'm sorry. This is too much.”
“Shit,” Genesis shook her head. The kid found a seat. He covered his face.
“I spit in the face of the most powerful man in the city. What the hell was I thinking?”
“You think this is him?”
“I know it's him. Maybe three weeks ago I sunk a bunch of his product in the Detroit River. This is payback.”
“Sam, it's not your fault.”
“Yes, it is. I played like this was some type of game. Like someone is keeping score. This is no game. Lives are at stake. I put her in this situation. Me.”
“Sam. She knew the risk of helping you. In those months, we didn't talk me and Serenity talked a whole lot. She told me herself that before you came along she was nothing more than a slave. She chose to help to you no matter what because she wanted to bring down the same evil that plagued her.” Samuel put his forehead against the wall. He sniffled. Genesis hugged him from the back.
“You’re not alone.” He turned to her, pushing her away by the shoulders.
“I have to be.”
“What are you saying?”
“I'm saying what is it to save strangers when you can't even save the people you care about? Serenity was RAPED, BEATEN, THEN THROWN AWAY LEFT FOR ME TO FIND.”
“Samuel, you can't blame…”
“You gotta get away from me,” he interrupted her. “Or maybe I gotta get away from you because I'll be damned if you get hurt because of something I did.”
“You can't make choices for me. You’re my best friend. You’re my boyfriend. Whatever happens we can't face it together.”
“This isn't a together program. Not anymore. I was fooling myself. I chose this life and it's making me it's bitch.”
“You’re not saying this. I know you aren't breaking up with me. Not like this.”
“I'm saving you.”
“You’re hurting me.”
“I'm protecting you.” Genesis wanted to lose it.
“Really wasn't a problem when I was spreading my legs, now was it?” Samuel stood there without an answer. He shrugged his shoulders. “I'm going to be with Serenity,” she told him. “Come in when you find your fuckin head.” Samuel watched her all the way down the hall.
He rubbed the back of his neck, trying to collect some sense. He took a less than refreshing drink at the water fountain. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a shady guard hanging out near the bathroom. He couldn't shake the feeling that he was being stared at. Samuel made his way down, making eye contact the whole time. As Samuel walked past him the guard dropped something. Being the fake kind of courteous Samuel picked it up. It was a piece of paper that read, the roof. Samuel looked up at the guard.
“Go,” he told him. By the way of the stairs he rushed to his destination. When he busted through the doors and his feet touched the gravel he was met by one Paris Piscal.
“You,” he growled. Samuel rushed Piscal taking him to the ground.
“Stop!” he yelled before the kid could get the first punch in. “I had nothing to do with your friend in there.”
“Yeah right!” Samuel wrestled.
“Ahsan acted alone in that. You have my word.” Samuel still considered hitting him but lowered his fist and got back to his feet.
“Your word means shit to me.” Piscal dusted himself off. “Why are you here?” The assassin pulled the katana from his trench coat and tossed it to Samuel.
“Found that in the wreckage of the south west. Nice job on that by the way.”
“Go to hell,” Samuel said.
“We're already their kid.”
“Who you tellin?”
“I came here to warn you Warrior. This is end game, either finish this or he will. Your friend laying in there. That was his sign. He's not playing games anymore. You'd be wise to just leave.”
“You know I can't do that. What's his plan? C'mon you had to have gotten in his head.”
“I did more than that. He's dying, Warrior.”
“What?!”
“It's a degenerative disease. Doesn't touch the mind but does a not so pretty number on the body. Think of it as a sort of super ALS. Loss of muscle use, fatigue, atrophy. I found treatment plans snooping around his archives. That's why he's been so reluctant to deal with problems himself. Think it through, hiring me and all those other freak show idiots. Whatever you have is the key to curing him and his time is running out.”
“Should have seen that one coming. An old emperor trying desperately to prolong his reign.”
“Yes, you should have. Don't mistake us for buddies.”
“Never in a million years.”
“Nobody bests me. One day Warrior. I will be back and we will do battle. So that day can come, heed my advice. Ahsan is playing for keeps now. Anyone you care about you'd do best to keep them close.” Piscal pulled his grapple out
“Where you headed?” Samuel asked.
“Somewhere warm. Tropical. This city gets too God damn cold.”
“Getting out of dodge huh?”
“Til next time Warrior.” The roaring of a plane could be heard in the distance. The most awesome super jet ever turned around the corner, ripping Piscal off the roof. Warm and tropical, Samuel thought.
“Gordon,” he realized with a sudden utterance.
Tink, Gordon's sister looked between the blinds at their house.
“Gordon,” she called. Her brother sat, playing 2k.
“What?!”
“Come see this.”
“What?!”
“C'mere!”
He broke down and paused the game. “Whatchu want?!” he paced down the steps.
“YOU, OBVIOUSLY. I CALLED YOU, DIDN'T I?”
“Wassup?”
“Come look out the window. Two police cars just pulled up.” Now she had his attention. Gordon got up and got to the window. The gold-plated badges were approaching. He was very serious about where he laid and as crazy as he was he never brought his dirt back to his home.
“Tink go in the back and lock the door.”
“Why? They here every other day. Probably for Derek, no David down the block you know he……”
“Since when are cops just cops in this neighborhood? Just do what I ask you to do. Go!” he pushed her. She rolled her eyes then headed in the back just so she wouldn't have hear his mouth. Gordon ran up the steps to his room. Seamlessly, he flipped over his mattress and grabbed his gun. When there was a knock on his door. Gordon answered happily.
“Can I help you officer?”
“Are you Gordon Smith?”
“If I may, who's asking?” Gordon was sure to pronounce every syllable.
“Detroit's finest.” Gordon scratched his head.
“Oh! Detroit’s finest. Again, how can I help you?”
“Step outside the house for us son.”
“I'd feel safer inside, officer.”
“Son we said step out.” The hand of the officer who was speaking to him was inching its way towards the gun in his holster. Gordon licked his lips.
“Officer Imma ask you to leave me alone now. Thank you,” Gordon said trying to close the door. The officer put his foot in the way then busted in. They rushed Gordon but he pulled out his gun and got to firing. Tink peaked her head out the room and immediately ducked back in. Samuel decked out in armor touched down in the middle of the street. The two other cops that were hanging back tried to head in. When they turned their heads all they saw was a black and red blur, lights out. Gordon was tearing up his house with the cops. Samuel walked in and knocked their two heads together. Gordon leaned on the couch catching his breath.
“Is it safe?!” Tink yelled from the back.
“STAY PUT!”
“They're more are on their way,” Samuel said.
“How do you know?”
Samuel pointed to the downed officer outside radioing for help. Samuel zipped over to him and knocked him out.
“G go somewhere safe. Like safe, safe and I'll find you when this is over.”
“Naw they attacked me! I'm ready now!”
“G get out of here.” He pulled the cushions out of the couch and got his AK.
“I don't kill Gordon.”
“Shit that don't got nothing to do with me.”
“Legs and arms. That's where you shoot. I swear to God.”
“Fine. Let’s do this.” Police Calvary was arriving in their Sunday best. This was turning out be a major show. People on the block were coming out of their homes to see what was going on but when the stuff got real people went inside and prayed a stray bullet didn't find them. Gordon wrapped a bandana around his face. They walked out together and stared the police down.
“Give up now,” Samuel said sticking his hands out.
“ENERGY WARRIOR YOU ARE UNDER ARREST. SURRENDER IMMEDIATELY!”
Samuel answered with beams of heat vision. So, the dominoes fell. Gordon was ducking and dodging as he let off his rapid-fire AK. The cops were walking them down. Samuel stood with his arms in an x-formation blocking the lead. He chopped the driver's side door off a car and slid it to Gordon. He advanced up the street using the thing as a shield. Two minutes into the fight, Gordon's unassuming and random neighbor ran out the house joining in the fun. He ducked behind the car next to Gordon.
“David?! What are you doin?!” he asked planted behind his make shift shield.
“Eh we gotta stand together in these streets. Fuck the police.” Gordon smiled, without question he could get behind that statement. This guy still had no idea what he was getting into.
He had been his neighbor for less than two years but there he was side by side. Samuel's was making his way through the bullets. The ill-famed S.W.A.T. trucks pulled up, their tires coming to a screeching halt. The heavy artillery was brought out. The whole set was getting out of control. Cops were nothing more than hired guns. They're M4 rifles spraying where ever they were told to. A bullet hit Samuel right between the eyes, enough to snap his head back. He bounced right back angrier. David stuck his tongue out laughing as he popped a cop right in the shoulder. The idiot gave up precious cover and was hit right in the arm. He hit the ground hard. Gordon looked over shocked.
“David! Just hold on I gotchu!” Gordon clapped back with two shots and fell back to cover. Fire was too heavy to move. It may not have seemed like it but the most important thing that was happening was six-year-old little Kevin, David's baby brother. He watched on behind his gated door. David was his idol and he was laying on the ground, pinned down and bleeding. The boy's mother rushed up behind him, gasping at the sight of her eldest son. This was nothing for a little boy to see. By the arm, she tried her best to pull him from the sight. His big brother needed him. Kevin wasn't going to watch as his idol was in danger. So, small in frame he weaseled away from his mother and got out the door.
The mother shrieked his name. “KEEEVIIIIN!”
As he ran out into the middle of the fight no one was fast enough, not Samuel, not Gordon, no one could save the boy from the bullet that ripped through his body. In horror David crawled over to his brother. The boy tried to speak but breathe alluded his body. David put pressure over the wound but he was bleeding out to quickly.
“SOMEBODY HELP! PLEASE! SOMEBODY! ANYBODY!” Samuel ran over. Even with his arm he raised Kevin to Samuel.
“C'MON YOUR FAST. FLY HIM TO THE HOSPITAL. PLEASE! DON'T LET HIM DIE! NOT HIM! PLEAAAASE!”
A blind man could see it was too late for the boy. Samuel turned off his voice changer.
“I'm sorry,” he said with his head hung low. David fell to his knees with the boy in his arms. He cried, cradling his brother. Slowing everyone came out of their homes. An overwhelming silence took over the neighborhood. This was sad but nothing was more heart shattering than the mother slowly floating to her son's. She started to break down over little Kevin’s corpse.
“Mama,” David sniffled. He tried to console her the best way he knew how.
“DON'T TOUCH ME!” she slapped him. She took her boy back from her idiotic street obsessed brother. “Lord not him,” she rocked him. “LORD PLEASE NOT HIM. TAKE ME. PLEASE TAKE ME.” That little boy was dead. That's all Detroit needed. Why were lights snuffed out so quickly in a city filled with so few?

XII. THE REPITION OF TRIAL
Couch life. Depression. Confessions of thoughts of suicide. Gordon’s living room had been Serenity’s home. The fun-loving tech head that once was, was now a body. She flipped through the channels that had nothing to offer her, no relief of the pain. The news that played footage straight from the court room was enough to snag the tiniest of attention out of her. True Detroiters stood outside protesting for the cop’s heads that were involved with the shooting of little Kevin. It was an ugly scene. Slowly from behind Genesis, Karmen, and Gordon snuck up on Serenity. She greeted them in a blue manner and thanked them for the food. She began to eat her tilapia and ice cream.
“You been alright?” Gordon asked. Genesis and Karmen snapped their heads in his direction. One hit him high and the other low.
“Of course, she's not alright idiot.”
“Wrong choice of words.”
“The days vary Gordon. Thanks for asking.” Serenity scratched through her wild hair. Karmen came up behind her, starting to run her fingers through it.
“You want me to do something with your hair?”
“Just leave it,” answered Serenity
“The better you look the better you feel,” Genesis sat next to her.
“You’d look cold with corn rows,” Gordon butted in. “Not that you don’t already.”
“My specialty,” Karmen told her. The girl nodded just going through the phases.
“Alright. My senses are telling me this is going to become female touchy feely time, so Imma head out,” Gordon dismissed himself but not before kissing Serenity on the cheek.
“If you need anything. Call me.” As he walked off, Karmen and Genesis had this surprised look.
“You know when he isn't ruining eighty percent of Detroit female lives. He can be pretty decent.”
“I need y’all help with something,” spoke out.
“Anything,” Genesis assured her. From the crack, in between the cushions she pulled a pregnancy test. Genesis covered her mouth.
“You think so?” Karmen asked.
“I'm sitting here eating fish and ice cream. I'm always sick. I don’t even feel like myself.”
No more explanation was needed for all three of them to cram themselves in the bathroom. Serenity sat with her leg bouncing impatiently. Karmen sat on the toilet and Genesis laid in the bath tub, taping her finger nails against the wall.
“Could you stop?” Karmen asked Genesis.
“I'm nervous.”
“She’s the one that’s pregnant,” Karmen said. Serenity looked up from her lap.
“Might be,” she corrected herself.
“Time?” Serenity asked. Genesis grabbed her phone.
“Thirty seconds.” Serenity breathed in.
“Okay,” she calmed herself. Karmen reached over squeezing her hand. A thousand timers went off in her ears as the phone sounded. Karmen flipped over the test.
“Hold on,” Serenity told her. She readied herself and tightened her heart the best she could. No more crying she promised herself.
“C'mon.” Karmen looked at the test, showed it to Genesis, then finally and mostly importantly Serenity. Never had a positive been so negative. Serenity's body dropped like a flower without water. She covered her face, shaking her head.
“I don't even have any more tears, dawg. This shit not right. IT'S NOT FAIR! FUCK!”
Karmen rubbed her back. Genesis wrapped her arms around her neck.
“We gotchu. You our little family now.” Serenity held both of them tightly. Everybody needed a hug right now.
That night was the candle light vigil for little Kevin. It was held right on the block where the boy was slain. Hundreds of candles were held high in his honor. They buried him that day but that night was his celebration. Among the crowd of family and well-wishers stood Satan a.k.a. Julius Ahsan. His nonexistent heart went out to Kevin and his family. Julius took his stance in front of an audience. Sniffles and the sound of sympathy were background of his words.
“I want to thank the pastor for his beautiful words first and fore most. Beauty is something lacking in this once great city these days. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't endeavor to be before you long. Do you see what I speak of now? For some it took this tragedy to open their eyes. In that court room I hope justice is brought to that little boy but was Energy Warrior not there himself? Could he not have saved that boy with all his power. Now you see the raw unpredictability alone of this city is enough to kill. Let alone a dark armored maniac with a messiah complex. I think me and Kevin would both agree that it's time this city rid itself of its plague. Energy Warrior.”
Crouching beside a chimney with the moon at his back, Samuel watched as the people of Detroit turned on him more than ever. Okay, he thought.
The very next day Julius was coming from an interview. His team of guards were walking him down the long stretch of a parking complex. Row by row each light blew out until almost pitch blackness surrounded him. The guards formed a tight knit security wall around him.
“Protects yourselves,” Julius told them while he buttoned his jacket.
“What boss?”
In between the flickers, calmly Julius watched as the men that were once around him were beaten savagely to pulps.
“You done?” Julius asked.
Immediately he held the man off his feet by the neck. He threw Julius a hard ten feet across ground. He coughed as he rolled over. Samuel was right there to bring him close by his tie
“Let that boy not get justice. I WILL END YOU! You had my friend raped. Sent cops to kill the other. TURNED THE CITY AGAINST ME!”
He threw a fatal punch right towards Julius. He braced for impact. When it didn’t come, he loosened. The seams that held his ego began to loosen. Like an egg, he cracked. Bullied by a child. He fought the ground, slapping and punching, scarring his hands.
“FUUCKK!” he bellowed. The man’s excitement was becoming too much for him to handle. He grabbed a medicine bottle out from his coat and took two pills. Every dog has his day. Lanier walked around his boss’s office reviewing files when Julius burst in. In a raging upheaval, Julius snatched Lanier up by the collar.
“Sir what's the problem?!”
“Shut up and listen,” he growled. “I WANT IT DONE. NOW! PRONTO! EVERY ENGINEER! EVERY SCIENTIST! EVERY FUCKING USEFUL HAND WE HAVE ON DECK. I WANT IT DONE! THE BOY DIES! DO YOU HEAR ME?! HE DIES! NOT BY SOME ASSASSIN OR SOME HALF WIT WITH A BLADE. BY ME. FIND A WAY. I DON’T CARE HOW. JUST FIND A WAY. I WANT HIS POWER. ALL OF IT!”
These two men. These two gladiators battling for dominance were no longer interested in strategy or politics. This was war. Each prepared themselves for the day. JULIUS AND SAMUEL. THE MAN COVERED BY DARKNESS VERSUS ENERGY WARRIOR.
The finale approached. Serenity now a woman with child struggled to keep herself busy. She needed to think about something else. A familiar face walked in. She put her game of solitaire to bed.
“Well look who finally made it.” Samuel smirked and handed her the flowers. She stood up. The two looked at each other. It had been a while. Serenity slapped the taste out of his mouth then held him tightly
“That's for not coming to see me, bitch.”
“I deserve that one.” They sat close to one another on the couch. Samuel took a.
“What are you going to name it?”
“I feel like it is a she. I just feel it?”
“You ever going to tell her the truth.”
“I figure when she's eighteen I sit her down with a strong glass of wine and say YOU’RE A RAPE BABY.”
“Sounds like shit.”
“That's because it is Sam. I deserve this.”
“Don’t say that.”
“It’s true. For years, I watched girls go through this same thing and barely lent a helping hand.” Tears started to come to her eyes as she recollected all the years she could have done more. “Bundy took a liking to me from the start. I was in charge of everybody when he was gone. My work load was light compared to some. I guess I was his queen.”
“Shut up. Being a self-doubting, self-loathing asshole is my thing. You’re a strong woman who did what you had to do to survive. Life threw you in a pile of shit and you did your best to keep your head above it all.”
With the place she was in those words were more than kind they were her saving grace. She planted a kiss on his cheek. “Thank you, Sam. You don’t know much that means.”
“Glad to hear it. My pep talks don’t come cheap though. I need you,” he said.
“Of course, you do. Why else would you come see me?”
“Again. Shut up. You're my friend and I love you but this is serious. The end of all this shit is coming. Real soon too.”
“You know you can count on me. You never have to ask.” An affirming nod from the kid finished it.
Genesis stood at her sink washing a monster pile of dishes. Her water was going cold. Scaring the crap out of her Samuel walked up from behind sticking his finger in the water.
“Taa daaa,” he said as he heated his finger, making the water steamy again.
“Thanks.”
“No problem dummy.”
“Don't call me that,” she said with a downed voice. “Why did you come here Sam?”
“I missed you,” he ran his finger down the length of her arm.
“Don't touch me like that if you don't mean it.”
“I just wanted to say, I’m sorry. I acted irrationally in the way I did things. But my decision is right. I love you. You'll look back and thank me one day.”
“Sure, I will.”
“You will. You'll be happy and healthy. Probably on your way to med school you'll think, thank God, I dodged that idiot. Then twenty years after that when you’re a world leading brain surgeon you’ll think what did I ever see in that fucker. You’ll sell books about how you made it out of the ghettos of Detroit and do motivational speeches all across the world telling them how it all started when my old friend Sam made a really smart decision.” She damn near laughed.
“You got my whole world planned out, don’t you boy?”
“A happy one. I even know who you’ll marry.”
She chuckled. “Is that so?” Genesis went back to washing dishes. I been watching the news. Make sure that little boy gets justice.”
“I will.”
“Don’t tell me you came here for a sappy goodbye. If it comes down to it will you be ready to……you know, end it?”
“Crossin that line creates a slippery slope.”
“Just do what's right.”
“Genesis.” She turned around.
Samuel pulled her into the most amazing kiss. She could have sworn her feet weren't touch the floor. Samuel let her go. When her eyes opened, he was gone.
“Just be safe asshole.”
Gordon watched the trial live on television. His eyes glued, he witnessed the predictable. The pigs were set free. How happy the hogs were never to do a day in prison for what they had done. A judicial system so called blind, willing to disregard anybody with the stink of an urban community on them. It was what it was. Only one thing left to do. In Gordon’s room, Samuel laid on the floor. His headphones in, a nasty hip hop beat killing his ears. The kid in his zone, moved his head to the beat. He found his rhythm and gathered his plans. No longer victim but victor. Tonight, was his night. At his friends entrance his eyes opened.
When they were up and all was ready Samuel let Gordon walk out first. While he was behind him with the blink of an eye he stuck him with a needle. Gordon slapped his neck, turning around wondering what the hell Samuel just did.
“Propofol. You’re getting woozy. Eyes are getting heavy. Like I told Genesis, you'll thank me when you’re not dead. One hour.”
“You son of uh……..” was all Gordon could mutter before he passed out. Samuel caught his head just before it hit the floor. Gently he laid his friend in bed and left, closing the door behind him.
The sun had just set. The final moons of many was at long last here. A storm was coming over the city. The trial was at its end. Every cop that was involved with the shooting of little Kevin Wheeler was tried and acquitted. It was bullshit. That's all it ever was. Long before the boy’s slaughter was there no love to be lost for Detroit’s finest. The citizens rioted. Cars were flipped and stores were looted. Cops and civilians went to war that evening. Through those actions of raw nerves and open wounds
Julius Ahsan sat at the end of his queen-sized bed. From the waist, up he ditched his average attire for a white wrinkled wife beater. His skin was pale and his body looked weakly. He stuck a needle in his arm, taking the edge of his disease off. At the wet bar in the corner he poured himself a final drink. With that he left his room. From the elevator, he walked a long hall of Pablo Picasso’s and Warhol's. Dead in the center of his empty marble floored living room sat a throne fit for a king. Next to it was Gregory Lanier with his brains blown out. The next chapter for Julius Ahsan had to be done alone, he made sure of it. In the chair's cushion sat a glass box, show casing a chrome sharp edged gauntlet. Julius sat in the throne with the showcase in his lap. At his word, everything went dark. Good things came to those who waited so that’s what he did.
Tonya Everett, the mother of Kevin Wheeler was broken. Her son had not received justice today. No matter, at the sound of thunder she opened her door. Standing at her doorstep was a hooded man with his hands in his pockets.
“Can I help you?” she asked between sniffles. Samuel kindly and respectively took off his hood. Tears were forming in his eyes. Like he always did he quickly wiped them before they could become a stream.
“I don't know you,” he shook his head. “And you don't know me.”
“Okay.” Her face asked why did you just come to my door to state the obvious.
“God. I know you must be tired of hearing this but I'm really sorry for your son.”
“Thank you.”
“I'm making you this promise,” said Samuel. “Nobody can bring your boy back. I wish, but it can’t be done. But I bet someone could damn sure soften the pain. My word is my bond, everything is going to be alright. One day we’re going to live in a city where good people don’t die. Just take my word for it.” She shook her head okay, not understanding a word of what he was trying to convey. How was this kid that couldn't have been older than twenty make a promise like that? Tonya took it for what is was and let it be.
“I have to go now,” she wiped her nose. Samuel held the door open. She looked back at him strangely.
“Sorry. Sorry. I just…. NWA fuck the police. Good song to blast out of your speakers right about now. Ice Cube’s verse is priceless.”
“Thank you,” she closed the door. Rain started to pour from the sky. Standing at those steps all disposition left Samuel. His fist balled. He readied himself as he walked off. Not caring who saw he took he beckoned his armor to tessellate around him.
King Julius, he thought himself sat at his throne with his shiny new gauntlet hand. The lightning flashed and the thunder boomed. Every window exploded as Samuel burst through the doors.
“If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle. Sun Tzu, The Art of War. Here you are. Like a moth to the flame.”
“We're done.”
“I know this better than anyone.”
“I see you killed your number one lackey.” Julius looked over to his former employee's body.”
“Won’t need him after tonight.” Samuel stepped forward.
“Stop.”
“Or what? Your nothing but a dying old man trying to keep hold of yourself.”
The tyrant almost raised from his seat.
“I MADE YOU, BOY! I exhausted all my resources. All my connections, putting YOU through the gauntlet. I made you strong. Built your foundation. I gave you LIFE. Now give it back a thousand times more radiant and pure.” Samuel let him come down a bit.
“I’m starting to think your hard at hearing. We've been over this Juju. The answer is no.”
Julius's thumb pointed to his backyard. In the distance was a gazebo. The lid flew clean off. From its flooring rose two missiles.
“Genesis Sincere Martinez.” Three words that made the warrior quiver. A movie theater sized screen dropped from the ceiling to the side of them. It was a live action feed of different camera angles of Genesis and her family. All in their home so unaware. Among a bunch of anatomy text books, she laid with her head at the edge of her bed. The kids sat glued to the screen in the living room and their parent’s places were left empty. “Gorgeous thing.”
“YOU BUGGED MY FAMILY!”
“Save them or kill them. Just that simple.” Samuel needed a quick solution
“Serenity I have a problem.”
“What's going on?”
“Two missiles. Pointed straight for Genesis. He'll launch them if I don't give myself up.”
He heard the rapid taping of the keys. “Sam, I don’t know. Those things. I’m hacking into the security around the house. I see them. The newest military grade. No signal. No frequency. Smart missiles. Not heat seeking. They have an internal super computer. There determined to get to their target no matter what.”
“No choice then.”
“SAMUEL! THINK ABOUT THIS! DON'T….”
He cut her line.
“How does this work?” Samuel asked. A creepy, pale, and unhinged Julius was more than happy to answer.
“You are truly special Mr. Mason. To shed all your bravado for a loved one. Inspiring really. It takes a true man too know when he is completely and utterly beaten.
“Is there a shut the fuck up button on you?”
The kid’s disdain made victory for Julius taste all the more sweet.
He reached out with his sharp gauntlet hand. Samuel took a pause to look over at the live feed of his family. The girl he loved and the brat kids he had the honor to watch grow up to this point. Half-heartedly he shook the man's hand. Nothing happened. Samuel looked him in eye's. Julius squeezed tight with a psychotic expression. The kid growled in pain as he was forced to kneel before his antagonist. His red aura began to drain from his being. Julius went stiff as he began to float. An overwhelming force field started to surround them. From his chrome gauntlet, spiked plates shifted up his arm. The pressure was becoming too much. The two seemed to draw all the ambient energy inwards. By all its fancy fixtures the mansion was coming apart. In an astonishing sight an implosion of epic proportions sent everything to hell. No sound. No nothing to escape it grasps.
No one knew how much time had passed. Glory to the powers that be that his estate was gated and the damage hadn't leaked very far. Dazed and confused Samuel laid stomach first in the grass where the garden should have been. His movement was so crunchy as he looked back at the destroyed abode. Samuel tried to raise himself up from the dirt only to come back down in pain. A simple blow of the wind took his armor with it.
Shit was what came to mind. He managed to roll on his back letting the drops of rain baptize him. Even the dirt is comfy when you’re tired, Samuel thought. His mind and body wanted so badly for Julius to have died in the explosion. In the epicenter of his leveled home Julius stood examining himself. Now more than ever he was in awe at his being. This power felt like nothing he had ever experienced. Purple electricity crackled around his person. He tightened his fists and gathered control. In a single bound the man leaped from his house, shattering what was left of it. He landed but feet away from Samuel. His shiny feet were the first thing to come into his sight. Looking up at the man the flames reflected so boldly off his chrome armor, designed not so differently from Samuel's.
“Copycat,” Samuel said in such a jaded voice. Julius kicked him in the stomach sending him flying into tree. His body wrapped around the hard wood. He coughed up blood as the man approached him again.
“How does that feel?” he grabbed Samuel up by the back of his shirt.
“Why is red, red?” Samuel asked in between labored breaths.
“What?”
“My bad. I thought we were asking stupid questions? IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD YOU DIP SHIT!”
Repeatedly. Julius jammed his fist into Samuel's body. He let him slip out of his hand like water.
“How stupid the universe can be. To put this sort of supremacy into a boy ignorant enough to waste his final breaths on jokes. I offered you the chance. Work by my side. Make more money than people see in five life times. And what did you do? YOU SPIT IN MY FACE!” he stomped on him repeatedly. The poor kid tried to crawl away. Julius snatched him by the ankle and tossed him over his head to the ground. Getting beat the hell out of was nothing new but this was horrible. Samuel strained as he scrunched together the dirt in his trembling hands. When Julius got close he chucked it in his face. It was a barely affective Wiesel tactic that got Samuel enough time to get up and haul ass. Unamused Julius wiped the dirt from his helmet. He zipped behind every tree in the zone.
“YOU CAN’T RUN FROM ME BOY!” he yelled slicing a tree down. Samuel found the closest neighbor's house. He gathered the strength to let himself fall over their fence. Once over he banged on their door until some generic suburbanite answered.
“Can I help you?”
“Phone, keys, now. Quickly.”
“Sir I don't…..”
“NOW!”
“Tom. Who's that at the door?”
“No one dear. Just stay where you are.” He was frightened out of his mind at some banged up black teenager coming to him in the night. He was the type that probably only ever saw blacks like at restaurants or as his caddy at the country club he more than likely belonged to. He put the keys and phone in Samuel's hands.
“Thank you.” He turned back around before he left. “Call the cops or describe me to anyone and I'll come back with my gang you think I belong to and we'll do what niggas do. Understand?”
The guy almost broke his neck shaking his head. He was maybe a second away from peeing on himself.
Back to business, Samuel rushed into their car and with shaky hands put the key in ignition. By the time the man looked down the road Samuel was half way down it. Julius took running leaps at the vehicle. Samuel dialed Serenity's number.
“SERENITY! HE HAS MY POWERS. PUT THE PLAN INTO ACTION, QUICK! WHILE I TRY TO STOP HIM.
“SAMUEL IT'S ALREADY IN MOTION. HOW ARE YOU GOING TO…..”
“DON’T WORRY ABOUT IT,” he hung up.
Ahsan’s jumps became higher and higher. Coming down from this jump he didn't hit the road. Instead he floated. It didn't take him long to realize he could fly. He shot forward. The kid sweat bullets as he looked in the rear view. The man was blazing through the learning curve of Samuel's power. The car was already going as fast as it could. Shortly its back wheels were off the ground. Instantly the man had Samuel in his clutches.
Downtown, police and civilians went head to head for the death of Kevin and Everett. These were no regular ladies. They were slim thick perfect tens from the top of their heads to the tip of their toes. Security was just about to stop them from coming in but then they saw them. It was the talented Sweetest, the girl who use to work back at the night club.
“Hi,” she hooked his beating heart. The doughnut eating, middle aged, sorry excuse for security guards were blushing and smiling so hard that their cheeks hurt. Sweetest pressed her blue tooth.
“We're in Serenity. Now what?”
“Get to the main frame?”
“Baby I'm a stripper. Not a geek.”
“The place where all the computers meet. More than likely in the basement. Use some of that Three Levels of Sin charm.”
“Gotcha.”
“You would have been the greatest protégé,” Julius said as he held Samuel off his feet. He tried to kick off but the man was too strong.
“Stop straining.” He threw Samuel down to the ground.
“I owe you for that little disappearing act.” Right above his gauntlet there was a small panel he pressed. Samuel closed his eyes waiting for what was next. He heard something like a plane fly over his head. He opened his eyes to two missiles ripping across the sky. Samuel looked to Julius.
“NO! SHE HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH ANY OF THIS! STOP! DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN! FOR GOD SAKES IT'S ME YOU WANT! I'M THE ONE WHO STOLE FROM YOU! I'M THE ONE WHO KEPT YOU FROM BEING CURED! TAKE ME! PLEASE!”
“All those things are very true,” he lifted Samuel by the neck. “SO, LET'S GO WATCH YOUR LADY DIE!” Julius crack the cement, leaving from the ground. It took him no time catch of with the powerful missiles. Samuel struggled to whip his phone out and dial Serenity.
“WARRRN GENESIS MISSILE!”
The man slapped Samuel off the phone. Genesis woke up at the ring of her phone. She answered to Serenity.
“Genesis,” she said in a calm but anxious voice. “You need to get you and your family out of there.”
“What? What's going on?”
“Samuel’s in some shit. A rocket is coming your way. Big ones.”
“There’s two?!”
“Get the hell out of dodge!”
“Alright,” she shook her head. Genesis gathered the essentials then rushed into the living room.
“Everybody! Shoes, jackets, hats. Now!” The kids just looked at her. “NOW!” Frightened they broke into action. Genesis hurried them all out onto the porch. She grabbed Michelle by the shoulders, startling her. Even with a four-year age difference she was the second oldest.
“Look at me. I need you tonight. Take the kids down to TT's house and wait for me. Understand?”
“Aren't you coming?”
“I can't. Stuff to do. Go,” she pushed her.” GO!”
Michelle big sistered up. She grabbed the small one by the hands, and took off. Genesis shook herself trying to fight the rising fear in her stomach. She knew what had to be done. She had to warn everybody. Going door to door was going to take too long. She ran straight to the kitchen to grab the two biggest pots. In the middle of the street Genesis started to bang them together and make as much noise as possible.
Like a rag doll Julius dragged Samuel along in the air. His hands were so tightly clenched around Samuel’s neck. The wind and rain ravaged him as it whipped his face. They were going so fast he could barely keep his eyes open. He began to fade. The missiles weren't far behind. Julius dived in going towards the houses. Time slowed to a crawl. Before heading towards the light, he saw his Genesis. She could've ran, got to safety, or done anything else. But here she was warning people and getting them out of their homes. With no powers, no advantages, no nothing, she was being a hero. When lightning sparked in the sky so too did something in Samuel. The red began to sputter in his irises. All the power he could produce was used to for a two piece to the head. One to knock him off, and two to send him flying into the war heads. Above the residential area was a deafening KA BOOM. The unreal shockwave blew the kid to ground like a deflated basketball. He coughed blood. Genesis ran from the crowd to Samuel. He laid in the cross sections at the end of the block. His body would only allow short shallows breaths.
“You want my dying words?” Samuel asked.
“Don’t talk like that! Just don’t move until I figure out what to do with you. Is he gone?”
“MMMAAASSSSSON!” A grizzled voice reverberated.
Samuel grabbed Genesis by the arm. “I’m okay,” he whispered. “Get them to safety.”
Julius touched down. He roared at the everyone, making them scatter back into their homes. He stuck his foot on Samuel's chest. He reigned supreme.
“Dying words?”
“Dying words? I’ll take a crack at it,” he joked. “Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak. Sun Tzu, The art of war.” Samuel's armor came online. He kicked the man dead in his chest, sending him a mile in the direction he came from. Samuel got to his feet, new and invigorated. He turned his head to see Genesis standing behind her gated door. He nodded his head at her. She nodded back. The Energy Warrior hovered above the ground to get his barring. “I can fly,” he chuckled. Straight up into the air he shot looking heroic as ever.
While her gang of busty misfits kept, the guards preoccupied Sweetest had made her way to the main frame. It was this huge room with hundreds if not thousands of wires connected to this large square in the middle
“Serenity I'm there.”
“Good just attach the stuff I gave you.”
“Where?”
“Anywhere.” Sweetest reached in the bag on her back, grabbing a cluster of small disk like patches. She attached them directly to the big box.
“Done. I'm out Serenity.”
“Thanks, sweetest. The rest is all me. You and the girls stay safe. And you will be rewarded,” she reminded her.
Not far, Julius laid flat on the roof of an abandoned furniture building. With much hubris, Samuel landed so lightly on his chest.
“OH, how the mighty fall!”
“How dare you!” he almost whispered. Flabbergasted was the only word. “HOW DARE YOU!” Ahsan tried to sweep his legs. Samuel was fast enough to quickly hover up.
The man shot up and tackled Samuel back to ground level. He fists filled with fury pummeled in no particular direction. Samuel forced his palm to the man’s chest blowing off onto his fast.
“You will not over power me! NO MORE!”
Julius began to growl in pain as his eyes began to spark. Optic beams shot from his eyes. They hit Samuel right on the E making the kid skid back. He smiled at his new power. He poured the power on heavy. Samuel strained against the force. When it became pointless he juked the beam and took a dash for Julius. It took nothing for the man to adjust and blow the kid back like he was one of the three little pigs.
Julius gave a hardy laugh.
“So, this is it? This is your last stand. I’ve seen better.”
“You still don’t feel it, yet do you?”
“Feel what?”
Samuel got up and stretched himself out.
“When I entered your house. I came charged to capacity. One hundred percent. I know you wanted my power and I planned on givin it to you. You only made it easier with your little scheme to kill my friend. I have to admit it came pretty close but the plan worked perfectly. You feel light headed. Your eyes and limbs getting heavy.”
The man stopped. He was breathing out of his mouth. His body felt like lead.
“What the hell did you do to me?!”
“Me? You did it to yourself. I gave you almost all the energy I had. You felt powerful and in that feeling you spent it all. The flying, the beams the power blows. In other words, I out smarted you. Bitch”
Julius fell to one. He punched the cement.
“THIS ISN’T HAPPENING!”
Samuel walked his way to him. Julius could bite through chains the way he clenched his face. The way he started to shake Samuel thought his body was vibrating. The man gathered power.
“IF THIS IS NOT MY CITY THEN ITS NO ONES!”
Samuel’s pupils dilated as he thought of all the destruction that was going to be caused by this child like tantrum. He kicked himself into action. Just before the final flash, Samuel got hold of Julius and in a blur flew himself and the tyrant upward. They resisted each other with all their might. Their blows made tiny shock waves. Simultaneous right crosses part the two. Warrior and Warrior hovered high above.
“THIS IS WHAT IT HAS ALL BEEN ABOUT! ALL OF YOU VERSUS ALL OF ME!”
In the palm of his hand Julius began to cook. His orb of energy grew from the size of a pea to a basketball. Samuel charged his two. They struck in a gaudy fashion. For the safety of everyone, for his city he absorbed all Julius had. In the end, they created some beautiful. From chaos and collision came peace. Samuel came to, free falling. The repercussion was rough. He landed in a parking lot off to the side somewhere,
“Here I was thinkin I was goin to go out nobly.” He was hurt but it was nothing a thousand years of rest couldn't fix.
“Samuel? You there?”
“Unfortunately,” Samuel raised up.”
“It went through. He's wiped clean. Everything?”
“I think this nightmare is finally…..” Blood coming straight down the middle of his face, Julius leaped on Samuel trying to choke the life out of him. The thing was he didn't have his armor or his strength. His purple aura was evaporating in thin air.
“THIS IS NOT HAPPENING!” Samuel punched him in the face.
“Give up. It’s over.”
“I'll just get it again,” Julius came forward with his gauntlet hand extended. In the drop of a hat Samuel was up squeezing the life out of Julius's arm. Now it was he who bowed.
“I beat you. Deal with it,” he kicked him down.
“You won't kill me and I can have ten more of those made. Easy work.” Samuel shook his head.
“I had you wiped clean. No billions. No empire. Your empty. Hell, even I'm better off than you at this point.” Julius stepped back in disbelief but his pride came right back.
“I'll rebuild. I started off with one corner and one rock. You call this square one?! Bullshit!”
Samuel laughed.
“You’re done. And it didn't take much. Sure, we threw heavy blows but think about it. All it took was a piss poor kid from the west side, an ex-prostitute and the occasional help from a womanizing weed head.” The kid broke out into even louder laughter. “You’re done.”
Julius could barely breath in his defeat. Anyone could see his eyes race back and forth in his head looking for an answer. He was pulled into the depths of despair and humiliation. It was the classic situation of the big bad bully going to pick a fight and getting his ass handed to him, which always made for a great YouTube video. Julius pulled his deadly revolver.
“It'll hurt but it won't kill me,” Samuel said not at all phased. Broken and confused Julius turned the gun on himself. His frowned turned upside down though.
“You killed me.”
“You won’t!” Samuel said in a daring manner.
“Now they'll hunt you. Maybe even until the end of your days. This is your city now. Good luck.”
“DON’T YOU DO THIS!”
END! Samuel stepped back. The sound of the gun didn’t have anything on the splatter. He couldn't fathom it, any of it. Julius Ahsan just blew his own God damned brains out and Samuel was given a front row seat. The cop sirens could be heard. They were just on the horizon. Samuel had a limp. He wouldn’t be able to run. GENESIS’s tired screeched as she drifted to stop in the parking lot in an all-black Camaro. No questions were asked as Samuel jumped in the back and sped off into the dark.
That morning came with a detested executive decision.
“You’re fuckin crazy,” they told Samuel. All of them stood around their friend. All doubled as his advisors and closest companions.
Samuel just looked at the floor silently. Gordon, Genesis, Serenity. They were wondering if his brain had turned to mush. Samuel stood as quiet as a sage as they shouted their objections.
“This has to be done,” he finally shouted. “I have to get in front of this and own it. They need more than me, the city. Yeah, Julius was corrupt as they come but he was something they could stand behind. Look how much he did in those few short months without wearing a suit of armor. They need an ideal and I damn sure not it.”
Reluctantly Serenity handed over the drive “Fine. I guess the files on his dealings are always just going to be files.”
“Thank you all for trusting me. This is what has to be done.”
Samuel and Serenity went to the back wall of the room. She handed Samuel a phone.
“It's connected. Voice modulator online. Go when you’re ready.” Samuel shook his head and Serenity left him to it.
In front of the city hall a gathering was held with thousands watching. The media was front and center doing their thing. The city's most powerful officials stood erect before them. Mayor Townley took the microphone.
“We have to admit my dearest city. For a period, longer than any of us would like to admit. We trusted that threat in black and red. He appeared in our own streets as a hero. The people of Detroit cheered him. Egged him on. Now he's shown his true colors as a devil from the depths of hell. He killed this city's native son. Our one good chance at…..” A deafening interference with the mic sounded. Samuel cleared his throat.
“Good morning people of Detroit. I grew tired of listening to those shams condemn me so I thought I'd offer my two cents. You wanna know the truth about your precious Julius Ahsan?” Samuel paused. This was it. This was the line and he could either run away from or cross gracefully of his own free will. There was no coming back after this. He closed his eyes and swallowed every ounce of doubt.
“Your man attacked me. Fought me to his death. He thought he could save his city. How wrong he was. Hunt me. Hate me.. There’s a new person in charge now. My ears and eyes are everywhere. No more speeches. No more words. Just actions. Double for those fraud officials on the stand. Officially. Consider yourselves warned.” The sound of a dropped mic was needed at the moment. Samuel had made who he was crystal clear. All of Detroit was rattled that morning. Samuel threw the phone to the side and rested his head with his hands in his pockets. He thought to himself about all the things he had been through. The friends he made, the loved he shared and all the necessary sacrifices that came right along with it.
Like it was said in the beginning this was no fairy tale. Everybody didn't get to walk in the sun and be happy. Sometimes all anyone could do was break even. Julius Ahsan, the man who was covered by darkness could no longer plague this city but his facade of a good man with a big bank account and an even larger heart would live on. That fake identity would carry on as an ideal, something to strive towards, something Samuel couldn't see himself ever being. This life fell into his lap and it was not an easy one. It was one with danger and adventure waiting around every corner. It was clear now, Samuel really wasn't a hero. A hero could be locked up, condemned, and hated by the ones he so solemnly swore to protect. No, he was no hero, he was everything everybody said he was. In this lawless land he was a menace, an outlaw, one who banged against the doors of corrupt law and order. He was there to fight the fights no one else could he was simply……
A WARRIOR

PEACE AND LOVE
TIL NEXT TIME

THOUGHTS
Hey. I’m the author of this novel, if that’s what you want to call it. I wrote all of this in a crazy time in my life. Crazy because it’s a developmental period in my life. I have an old soul, not my words. It’s just what I’ve been told. As I’m writing these thoughts, I’m a month removed from my 18th birthday. People my age, where I’m from, they’re out smoking, drinking, snapchatting, having a relationship, maybe even a job. I guess that says where I am on the social food chain that I have time to write an eighty-thousand-word novel. I’ve always loved superheroes. I spend way too much money on graphic novels, video games, and food. The concept for all this started long ago when I use to make comic books with my elementary best friend. I was young. I had barely any real drawing talent. I started writing. I got decent at least enough to ace my English courses. Okay, this is becoming a biography, sorry. I hope you enjoyed the book. If you didn’t, sorry I wasted your time with my shitty prolifics, attempts at depth, and my 8th grade editing skills. I want this to be my Illmatic, my Ready to die, my 2014 Forest Hills Drive. I’m a hip-hop nerd.

Entertainment while writing this is as follows
Shameless
4 your EYEZ only
Cartoons
Food

