Copyright 2020 The Cosmic Gossip ©

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, digital or electronic, mechanical or digital, including photocopying, storage in any information retrieval system or otherwise, without prior written permission from the authors. Individual authors retain copyright for their own stories.
Contents

Cat Videos by S. A. McKenzie
Shooting Star by Riveka Thevendran
Ripple on the Pond by Vicki Arnott
The Creatures by Matariki Taonui
La Nature or Nurture? by Tom Knowles
The Interrogation by Finn Williams
Camouflage by Vicki Arnott
A Shaggy Blue Coat by Alex Pratt
Where Sylphs Fly by Vicki Arnott
Cat Videos

By S. A. McKenzie

I chose a red pen from the jar and held it up.
“Pen,” I said. I placed it in front of the fluffy cat.
“The pen is on the desk.”
A furry paw shot out. Swipe.
“The pen is on the floor.”
The process continued with two pencils, an eraser, and a pad of post-it notes.
Swipe.
Swipe.
Swipe.
I hid a grin as I stuck a magnet on the underside of the desk below the box of staples.
“The staples are on the desk.”
Swipe.
The container stayed put.
I snickered.
“The staples are on the desk.”
Curly sniffed the container, and gave it an experimental prod with one paw.
“Let me introduce you to the power of magnetism, fuzzball,” I said.
Curly gave me an affronted look and jumped off the desk. I sighed, and got up to use the bathroom.
“I’m going to make spaghetti Bolognese,” Pa called from the kitchen.
“Sounds good!”
There was an almighty crash from my bedroom. Pa came up the hall, spatula in hand. The contents of my desk were on the floor. The two cats on the desk looked pleased with themselves.
“Everything is on the floor,” my father said, straight-faced.
“You’re not helping, Pa.” I began cleaning up, as the two felines sauntered back to bed.
“Stick to the flash cards,” Pa said. “Less mess that way.”

 Near summer’s end we’d been riding on the old logging road through the second-growth forest round the back of Baker’s Hill. We were at the top of a rise when the flaming ball passed overhead. It landed with a bang that set the trees swaying, and silenced even the crows.
Right away, we knew it wasn’t a meteorite, because it wasn’t going nearly fast enough. Pa dropped his bike and went down the steep slope and I followed, grabbing onto shrubs to slow my descent. A crumpled mass of metal rested at the end of a smoking furrow. Pa stuck his head inside the crumpled wreck, and recoiled.
“Jess, stay where you are,” he said. I got my phone out. 
“Turn that off,” he said. Frowning, I put it back in my bag.
“I don’t think we should stick around here,” he said, looking up. I followed his gaze. There was a good layer of cloud today. We’d have rain by evening, but I don’t think that was what he was looking for.
“Come on,” he said, heading back up the slope. I was getting steamed at his brusqueness. Pa’s a great fan of science, yet here he was stomping off like this crashed satellite or spaceship was nothing special. I had to admit I was dragging my feet, and I decided to take a different path up the hill.
That’s how I found the cylinder in a patch of blackberries. It was the size and shape of a fifty-gallon drum with rounded edges, but covered in a material that looked like white ceramic with a honeycomb pattern. It didn’t look damaged at all. I touched a depression at one end and the cylinder split open with a hiss. When I saw what was inside, I jumped back and let out a yell. Pa came crashing back down the slope shouting my name.
When he got there I just pointed at the container, and he shook his head.
“Oh, Jess,” he said. “You couldn’t leave well enough alone, could you? Come on now.”
“But, Pa!” I said “They’re alive! We can’t just leave them!”
Pa frowned at me. I lifted the container lid to show him. Most of the container was lined with a thick layer of gray foam, hollowed out into two cavities. In each cavity was a creature about the size of a kitten. They had an unfinished look about them that reminded me of baby rats—minus the legs, and the heads. They were cylindrical, blueish-white, and dotted randomly with stubs that looked like they might become legs eventually. One end had several waving tendrils that bulged out at the ends like a snail’s eye stalks. They didn’t look injured, as far as I could tell.
“Here, give me your pack,” I said to Pa. He took it off and watched as I moved the contents of my pack to his. I made a nest in my pack out of our sweaters.
“What exactly do you think you’re going to do with them?” Pa said, as I gently placed the creatures in my pack, leaving the top zip open a little for air. Pa’s a great one for having me make my own decisions in life, but I could see him wondering if this was letting me go too far.
“Did you see any sign of a surviving adult in that wreckage?” I asked.
Pa shook his head, frowning. “Whoever flew that thing is nothing but a smear on the walls now.” He shoved the lid of the container down, and wiped the outside with his sleeve. I put my pack on and we scrambled back up to the bikes.

“Not that way,” Pa said, when we got out of the forest and I automatically turned right. “We’ll come in from Harvest Road. If anyone asks, we rode along the river today.”
The detour meant it was well into twilight by the time we reached home. Several times I heard the thud of a helicopter in the distance. I was too tired and hungry to think about what that might mean. 
I lined a cardboard box with old towels for the blobs while Pa fixed dinner. 
“What are we going to feed them?” I said.
Pa shook his head at me. “You know the rules about strays. You bring it home, then it’s your responsibility. Our kind of food might be poisonous to them.”
I gave him my best stubborn face. People dump kittens down the end of the road sometimes. They’ve got some damn fool notion that a domestic cat can survive happily in the wild. I get them vaccinated and neutered, and find good homes for them in town when they’re old enough. We don’t keep cats here long term because they’d have to be house cats all their lives. The coyotes around here will happily snap up a cat, and even small dogs. 
I offered a selection of items to the blobs: blueberries, raw spinach, crumbled bread, sunflower seeds, cheese, raw steak, cooked broccoli, and saucers of olive oil, milk, and water. Each blob extruded a tentacle to investigate the food. To my delight, if an item appeared edible then a larger pseudopod came out and engulfed it. I added more of the foods they seemed to like. Favorites included blueberries, olive oil and broccoli. However, they also ate a teaspoon, a chunk of a saucer, and some of the cotton tablecloth. 
After I’d cleaned up, they were waving their eyestalks around checking out everything in the room, so I decided it was time for some lessons. I propped them up in front of my laptop and showed them a photo of Earth from space, then a rocket, followed by some scenery shots I’d taken of the hills where they’d landed to get them oriented. I followed this with series of pictures of mixed groups of people.
“Humans,” I said, tapping the screen. I showed them some family photos. Pa, outside the house. Then me.
“Jess,” I said several times, tapping the picture, then my chest. I played a video of me as a baby, lying on the couch giggling.
“Baby,” I said, tapping the screen, then gently tapping each blob. “Baby. Like you little guys.”
The blob nearest me suddenly smoothed itself, all the protrusions except the eyestalks disappearing. Then four small lumps appeared and rapidly elongated. The end of the nearest pseudopod turned pink, split into five sections and began to rapidly shape itself into a disturbingly realistic baby hand complete with little chubby fingers, making me recoil.
“No!” I said to the blob. “You can’t be a human baby. How on earth would we explain where we got a couple of babies from?”
On-screen, a cat wandered up to the baby, who waved her arms and cooed. That was Big Ben, the ginger Maine Coon we’d had when I was small. He jumped on the couch and looked up at the camera. The other blob had been paying attention. It began to grow triangular flaps next to its eyestalks, and extruded pseudopods that quickly shaped themselves into paws and a tail.
“That’s it, guys!” I said. No one would pay any attention to a couple of cats. I found a channel dedicated to cat videos and set it running.
“Cat,” I said firmly, tapping the screen then the first blob. It reabsorbed that creepy little baby hand and sat there for a couple of minutes, eyestalks waving from the laptop to me. “Go on,” I told it. “I know you can do it!”
After a full hour of cat videos, the blobs had roughly shaped themselves into a couple of hairless kittens. In two hours they’d grown whiskers and a coat of short fur. Blob One had gone full tabby but Blob Two had white paws and looked like it was going to turn out fluffy and ginger. By the following morning, they’d grown to the size of twelve-week-old kittens and were moving slowly about on their new limbs. 
Watching them eat in cat form was pretty weird; they’d crouch over the food and open a slit in their bellies. Little white tentacles would come out and drag the food inside. I soon learned not to leave anything lying around that they might consider edible, after I’d taken apart my printer and left it unattended. I returned to find they’d eaten all the screws.
I named the kitten with white paws Curly and the ginger one Moe—not that they would answer to their names, but we had to call them something. By the third day they were running and jumping. Anyone who didn’t examine them too closely would have taken them for ordinary felines—anyone who didn’t notice that they didn’t breathe or have a heartbeat, that is. Conveniently, they didn’t excrete, either. Pa set out a litter box for verisimilitude and put a sack of cat food in the pantry. We even left a couple of cat toys lying about, though they showed no interest in them.

The men in black arrived on the fourth day after the crash. They must have disabled the driveway alarm, because the first we knew of them was when they smashed through the front door. It wasn’t even locked, but I guess using door handles was too challenging for them. Suddenly our kitchen was full of guys in black uniforms with no insignia, pointing guns at us and yelling at us to get on our knees. You couldn’t see their faces because they were wearing black helmets with mirrored visors and filter masks. Once they’d checked us for weapons they made us sit at the kitchen table. The kitty-blobs were hiding underneath so I picked them up and held them on my lap. 
We were stuck there for hours while they searched the house. Pa repeatedly asked them to identify themselves, or at least say what they were looking for, but no-one would speak to us. I concentrated on staying quiet, trying not to tremble and hoping they wouldn’t notice that the cats on my lap weren’t actually breathing. The kitty-blobs seemed to recognize this was a good time to stay still. 
When the men trooped outside to search the barn and outbuildings, Pa caught my eye and winked. I had to suppress a grin. Five generations of Hathaways have lived on this farm, and quite a few of them had the hoarding gene. Anytime they filled up a shed, they just built another one next to it. I could almost pity anyone ordered to search those buildings, if they hadn’t been so rude. 
I guess eventually, whoever was in charge realized it would take them weeks to examine every piece of dusty junk to determine if it was an alien artifact. Someone barked an order and they were all out the door and piling into a fleet of black SUVs as quick as they’d come. Never a word to us, nor any apology for the mess they’d made.
“I’m going to call the sheriff’s office,” Pa said. “We’ll see if anyone else has had visitors.”
Curly and Moe followed me as I propped up the broken door. I hoped they didn’t think this business of kicking down doors was typical behavior for humans.
Pa put down the phone. “Sounds like they’ve been working their way through every house in the neighborhood. Sheriff Hernandez has gone out to intercept them.”
We made sandwiches for dinner and ate without much appetite.
“I think we can assume that they suspect somebody visited the crash site before they got to it, but they don’t know who it was,” Pa said as we washed up. “Too cloudy for good satellite coverage that day, thank goodness.”
I stared at him. That was why he’d been checking the sky that day. And he’d wiped down the pod to get our fingerprints off of it. I hadn’t given any thought to anyone coming to look for us.
“An organization like this didn’t spring up overnight. And if you have a secret and well-funded organization dedicated to locating alien spacecraft, what does that mean?”
“It means they’ve encountered aliens before!” I said.
Pa nodded. “Exactly.”
“Should we give them the kitties?” I asked.
Pa raised one eyebrow. “Did anyone ask us for anything? How are we supposed to know what they’re looking for?”
I snorted. “Good point.”

It’s been six months now since the men in black visited. They’d crashed through half a dozen front doors by the time Sheriff Hernandez and his deputies intercepted them at the Anderson’s farm down the road. As none of the alphabet-soup agencies he’d contacted would lay claim to these thugs, he declared to one and all that nobody should get too upset if he arrested the lot of them. By the time he caught up with the fleet of black SUVs he was accompanied by a mob of armed locals, deputized and ready to back him up. They made sure to leave a corridor open in the direction of the interstate in the hope that these mystery men might choose to depart quietly, rather than start a shoot-out. And that’s exactly what they did. 
I’ve been trying to teach the kitties English, but they only pay attention when it suits them. They’re behaving more and more like real cats every day. I suppose I only have myself to blame for that. After all, I put a lot of effort in teaching them how to be cats. And cats, as everyone knows, are assholes.

Shooting Star

By Riveka Thevendran

“This is a bad idea!”
I pointed my middle and index fingers towards the right of us, where there was a tall, wide cupboard. I looked back at Liv with my eyebrows raised and tried not to sigh as she stared at me blankly.
I mimicked climbing into it within the limited space I had under the medium-sized office desk that once belonged to my father.
I took a deep breath through my nose before turning to face her fully.
	“Stop acting like you’re in a Mission Impossible movie and tell me what you want me to do,” she deadpanned.
	“Be quiet, Liv!” I whisper-shouted, my fists clenching as the fear of being caught consumed me.
	“If we were gonna be caught we would’ve been a while ago.”
	“That doesn’t mea—”
	“Daddy’s office is soundproof, genius!” she cut me off.
I blinked before nodding my head, my anxiety easing somewhat.
	“Climb into the cupboard and wait for me to come back.”
	“No.”
	“Liv.” I sighed.
	“I want to help you! We’re a team, remember?” she insisted.
	“It’s too dangerous for both of us to go in together. We’ll be caught within seconds.”
	“What if you don’t come back?” she asked, her voice barely loud enough for me to hear.
I kissed her forehead, my heart breaking as her eyes filled with tears.
	“Then you head to Northbury. It’s a straight walk from here and you have enough food to last the trip.”
I watched as the tears spilled from her eyes and I hugged her tightly.
	“It’s okay, you’ll be okay…”
	“Please come back, Ace!”
	“I’ll try, I promise!” I reached up and grabbed the small digital clock on the desk before handing it to her. “Ten minutes, then you leave.”
She continued to glare at me so I glared back, shoving the clock into her hands.
	“Olivia.”
She huffed before walking towards the cupboard and climbing in. We made eye contact just before she closed the door and I mouthed the words ‘I love you’, wondering if it was the last time I’d be able to say it. Tearfully, she mouthed it back and shut the door.
I closed my eyes and focused on slowing down my rapid heartbeat to a steady rhythm before standing up.
It felt weird, sneaking around a house I grew up in with the fear of dying at the back of my mind. I hadn’t been back in this house since that fateful night that changed everything.
We lived on the outskirts of our small town, Windstor Haven, since Mama preferred nature over people. My father worked more than he breathed, if that was even possible, so it worked out favourably.
It was a typical ‘Movie Night Sunday’ as Mama called it, but also Liv’s ninth birthday so my father was home. She had baked a cake for the occasion. I had just taken a large bite out of my Oreo cheesecake when a bright light flashed across the room, followed by a thunderous crash that made the electricity go out.
	“Ace?” Mama screeched. I scrambled towards the sound of her voice as my eyes adjusted to the darkness. “Here, take Olivia and go to your room. Don’t leave until I come get you, understand?”
Before I could protest, she handed a sobbing Liv to me. I wrapped my arms around her and lifted her up as she snuggled into my neck.
	“Understand?” she repeated sternly. I nodded and promptly left the living room, despite every nerve in my body screaming at me to stay by my mom’s side and protect her.
	“Honey, take your gun with you. Just to be safe!” I forced my legs to keep moving towards my room at the back of our house, blocking out Mama’s words and praying it was just a lightning strike.
I headed straight towards the small couch at the corner of my room and pulled Liv onto my lap.
	“Shh, it’s okay! I’m sure lightning just struck one of the towers. It’ll be okay soon.”
	“Promise?”
	“Cross my heart!” She smiled as I wiped her cheeks and pinched them, making her swat at me as I laughed.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Gunshots sounded from outside, making us both jump. I was about to stand up and investigate when Mama came running into my room, a shotgun in her hand and tears running down her cheeks.
	“Get up, come on!”
I stood up with Liv in my arms and ran up to her.
	“Ma—”
	“Through Papa’s office and out the back, hurry!”
	“What—”
	“Listen to me, Ace, we don’t have time!”
My stomach twisted as my mother shoved me into my father’s office, more tears flowing out of her hazel eyes.
	“Your Papa and I love you both so much. Don’t you ever forget that!”
The front door slammed open and I flinched. The wall separating the kitchen and the living room blocked my view, and I couldn’t see who was in there.
Mama’s eyes hardened as she looked at me, before cocking the shotgun.
	“Take care of your sister. I love you!” were Mama’s last words before she ran from the room, the sounds of gunshots reverberating throughout the entire house. Tears blurred my vision as I ran to the back door. I kept running as my mother’s screams filled the night. I kept running even when her screams cut off abruptly. I kept running as the house I grew up in faded into nothingness and I couldn’t take another step forward.
The next day, a Code Red was sent out to the country, stating that we were under a worldwide alien invasion. Two days later, all of our technological devices stopped working, making us unable to contact anyone for help.
A few days later, we found a group of survivors in the forest about twenty miles from our house as Windstor Haven was taken over completely by the invaders.
Adrian was the unofficial leader of the group, followed by Raine, his right hand man, and two other stragglers we picked up along the way. Raine had a radio that he always messed around with, the only thing that worked, but it was useless as we heard nothing but static. That all changed one day when we were roasting a lamb on a fire.
	“Calling all survivors. I don’t know if anyone can hear me, but The Listeners have taken over most of the small towns in Rotherham…”
‘The Listeners’, that’s what we called them. Their hearing is so sharp, they can hear anything from miles away, the sounds of our hearts beating and the rush of the blood in our veins, stopped only by soundproofed areas. The humanoid creatures, two to three times our size, spoke in a different language and for some reason, avoided the forest.
We followed the broadcasting channel for days as we received tips and tricks on how to avoid them. We learned their strengths based on real life encounters of other survivors.
Then, the broadcast’s message changed one day.
	“There is a safe haven in Northbury! If anyone can hear me, head to Northbury, walk through the forest. There’s a dock—”
Adrian threw the radio at a tree trunk, smashing it beyond repair.
	“There’s no such thing as a safe haven. We stick together and stay here and we’ll be safe. Is that understood?”
Nobody replied for a minute before he repeated his question, this time yelling it out in rage. Liv shuffled closer to me as we all nodded in agreement. His eyes caught her movement and he winked at her before walking over to us. She grimaced before quickly schooling her features to appear unbothered. He sat on my right as Liv ate her dinner quietly on my left, her eyes trained on the fire in front of us.
	“You’ve grown up quite nicely, haven’t you? How old are you now? Thirteen?”
	“She’s ten.” I answered through clenched teeth. He glanced at me before eyeing her up and down, making my patience run thin. If he wasn’t providing us with protection and food, he would be sporting a black eye and a few broken ribs right about now.
	“We’ll head to bed now. Thank you for the dinner, Sir.”
He looked annoyed, but grunted, acknowledging my thanks. I took Liv’s hand and walked towards a medium-sized tent that we called home. 
	“You okay?”
	“With my big brother here to protect me? Of course!” She teased as she wrapped her arms around my waist and squeezed, making me chuckle.
I kissed her forehead and vowed to never let anything harm her as long as I was alive.
That night whilst everyone slept, we ran.
Liv didn’t question me and I was grateful for that. If there was a safe haven, I was getting us there. Considering the looks Adrian kept throwing my baby sister, this wasn’t it. I was quite muscled and toned for a twenty-year-old, but there was no way I could take on all four of them.
Unfortunately, my old house was the closest thing to civilisation and I knew I had an old radio sitting patiently on my dresser. I needed more information before I blindly charged into Northbury.
And that’s how I ended up sneaking into my former bedroom while my sister hunkered down in a cupboard in the other room. I slowly cracked the door open and tiptoed towards my bedroom. I peeked my head around the corner of the wall that blocked my living room to see if anything was there. I made sure to focus on my heart rate to keep it steady; one advantage we had was that The Listeners had a heartbeat as well, so as long as I remained calm, I could fit in with the rest of them if any still remained here. When the coast was clear, I took long, soundless steps to my door before slipping through it undetected. I smiled when I saw the radio and grabbed it, when I heard a scuffle outside of my bedroom. I froze as all of my muscles clenched in place. I listened intently, not daring to make a sound.
It sounded like two Listeners were arguing in my living room. I walked noiselessly towards my door and cracked it slightly open.
Of all the ways I could die, I choose curiosity.
A Listener three times my size was held up by its neck by another Listener that was four times its size. The larger one snarled and seemed intent on crushing the smaller creature. The one being held up glanced at me before looking back at what I assume is its superior. I closed the door slowly. I scrunched my eyes shut and told myself the opening was too small for it to have seen me and backed away from the door as they continued yelling at each other, their voices loud enough to block the sound of my movements.
I wondered if Liv had left. If I made it out alive, it’d be hell tracking her. I heard the front door open and slam shut and assumed the Listeners had left; better to give it another few minutes before I attempted my escape. Just as I was getting ready to leave, the door to my room opened and the smaller Listener slipped in, closing the door behind it. I kept my expression neutral and prayed my heartbeat would comply, not that it mattered now, but maybe it would think I was part of the home decor. I stayed absolutely still, my eyes unblinking and my breaths as shallow and short as I’ve trained them to be.
It crept towards me, a predator stalking its prey. I looked right into its milky green eyes as they seemed to taunt me. I watched as its lips grew wider, giving me a front row seat to the deadly incisors in its mouth as it reached me. To my horror, two of its upper canines grew longer and sharper and it leaned down towards my neck, inhaling deeply.
I was about to push it away when the sharp fangs punctured my neck. I clutched my radio in a death grip as I gasped involuntarily. The expected pain was only there for a second before a warm feeling spread all over my body.
I’ve heard about this from the radio broadcasts; they mark you and this gives them control over your body and mind. Fear spiked through my entire being as it licked the wound clean.
Nice to meet you, Ace. I’m Kor’iel. We don’t have much time, so I’ll make this quick. You need to leave.
I was too shocked to focus on the alien voice in my head. It’s letting me leave? It moved back from me and stepped to the side, tilting its head to the door.
Ghen’s going to come back soon and I won’t be able to help you.
I thought of Mama; history was repeating itself. Its expression softened into what I assumed was pity, and I glared at it.
However, I wasn’t one to court death, so I took its advice and hurried to my father’s office. I ran to the cupboard and yanked it open as Liv squeaked in surprise.
I pulled her to her feet and dragged her out the back door, making sure to check if anything was around before I ran from my home for the second time.
What we have is a connection to one another, I cannot control your body or your mind. It allows me to communicate with you. We are not all here to conquer and kill, some of us are forced to. I hope you join our rebellion and fight alongside us. It would benefit your species in the end. The majority of us simply wish to live in peace.
I didn’t trust a single word, but I also knew it being choked against a wall by its own kind was no show they put on for me. I had a lot of thinking to do, but for now, I needed to focus on getting Liv and I to Northbury, and hopefully find someone to talk this out to without getting shot in the face.
Hope bloomed in my chest.
Can we truly attain peace and freedom? Is there really a rebellion out there? Will this hell finally end?
Is it already beginning to?
It’s probably brainwashing me.
I’m not.
Ripple on the Pond

By Vicki Arnott

Ripple drifted slowly along the channel stretching iser tentacles in the soft morning sunlight, adjusting iser light receptors after the long winter spent in the grotto. The sun’s warm rays brightened iser pink and purple epidermis pigments. By the time Ripple returned to the grotto, ze’d be looking splendid. Lovely enough to convince Dots to join iser cluster, perhaps. With a burst of joy and waving tentacles, ze paddled iser blade fronds faster, executing a nifty spiral turn, and swirled into the swift water in the centre of the channel.
Ripple sucked air through the ovals in iser skirt ring, puffing it out to add extra buoyancy, and sensed the quality of the channel water through its drifting tendrils. So far, it tasted clear and pure.
It was good to feel unconfined and out with a purpose again. Ze wanted to return to the grotto with a good report. If all was well, soon the channels would be swarming with members of the colony travelling to visit friends in other ponds.
Ripple had found no blockages or sedimentary build-ups in the channel leading to the regional vortex where six major channels joined and swirled together in a central spiral before separating again to continue to other regions. Ze coasted along, tentacles flashing bioluminescence, as ze swirled into the vortex and popped out on the return channel. As the current slowed, ze retracted iser outermost tentacles and stroked others, calming ermself, and the sparkles faded. If cluster parent Salter witnessed this unrestrained behaviour, iser tentacles would tangle and iser luminescence would dim with disapproval. Though the other five members of Ripple’s parent cluster would understand the excitement of speeding down the channels in early summer. The sooner all the channels were clear and free-flowing, the sooner the seasonal gatherings could commence.
Ripple paddled into the fast current and sped back towards the grotto. Next, work would begin on checking the latticed branches and vines of the pond shelter and making repairs, before the summer brought the return of the Orzak’s, the large flying predators of their world—the only threat to the safety and serenity of the Anemonite Colonies—but that prospect was still at least two revolutions of the moons away.
The sunlight dimmed as something overhead cast a shadow, and Ripple’s tentacles stiffened in alarm. Ze aimed iser light sensors at the object blocking the sun. No, it wasn’t an Orzak. It was something much larger.
The enormous thing glinted in the sky as it passed overhead and descended towards the outcrop of jungle-covered rock that loomed above the grotto’s upper pond. As the flying thing neared the top, four gigantic stalks protruded from its underside and it settled on a flattened area of barren rock near the cliff face where the waterfall spilled over into the pond.
All Ripple’s extremities stilled as iser attention focused on the strange object. What was it?
The current carried Ripple onwards to the pond. The swift flow dissipated into the wide expanse of water, and Ripple paddled towards the grotto entrance on the far side. The flow sped up again as water streamed over the rim of the cascade, and Ripple floated down the series of wide pools to the grotto pool below. By the time ze reached the bottom, iser light receptors had adjusted to the gloom of the cavern.
Ze paddled through the maze of interconnected pools, tentacles wiggling greetings to others, on the way to the group of oldest and largest Anemonites bobbing en masse at the centre of the grotto’s largest pool.
When Ripple reached them, Bloom’s tentacles swayed in greeting, then the ends curled and wiggled as ze bobbed in the water, questioning Ripple. “What is your report?”
Ripple rolled and waved iser tentacles in reply, “The channels are clear.” Then altered the motion, this time jabbing the tentacles forward, and performed a tilting motion by inflating iser skirt ring alternately left and right. “I saw something strange.” Ze stretched iser inner tentacles high. “In the air.” Then let them flop and laid several of iser front tentacles out flat in front of erm, touching the flattened tentacles with the tip of another. “It landed on the top of Rock Cliff.”
 The ends of Bloom’s tentacles curled one way and then the other. “What was it?”
Ripple lifted iser tentacles and twitched them. “I don’t know.”
Their conversation continued in this manner, with the other old Anemonites clustered around them, a series of tentacle waves and dancing movements of their bodies, with occasional flashes of bioluminescence for emotional emphasis, until Ripple completed iser report and the water beneath them stirred as the others responded.
“This must be investigated,” Stinger, the oldest and most respected Anemonite signalled. The others gestured their agreement.
“But, how?” Glisten, only slightly smaller and older than Stinger, enquired.
Stinger responded, “Ripple and six bud peers will observe from the upper pond.” Ze instructed Ripple, “Settle quietly among the rocks near the edge of the water. Do nothing to draw attention to yourselves. If anything happens, two or three can return here to report, while the others remain and await further instructions.”
Ripple acquiesced and went to gather six friends. Iser epidermis twinkled when Dots agreed to join the group. This was a chance to spend more time with iser bud peer, and find out if iser cluster was attractive.
The friends paddled through the maze to the swift-flowing subterranean river which powered the huge water wheel turning the spiral-shaped water lift. They paddled into the opening of the lift and allowed themselves to drift as the spiral turned, raising them up with the water stream to the grotto entrance above, and spilled them out into the upper pond.
From there, they crossed the pond to the far shore and settled among the rocks where they could observe the flyer that had landed at the top of the outcrop.
There was no activity from the object, so Ripple manoeuvred ermself in the water so that ze was near Dots.
“Are you looking forward to the summer gathering?” ze signalled to iser.
“Yes. Some of my bud peers from Silver Pond formed complete clusters last summer. I can’t wait to find out if they have produced buds. The clusters were very diverse last summer. I am sure there will be new bud varieties.”
Ripple jiggled agreement. “It is always exciting when new varieties are produced.” Ze regarded Dots with several of iser light receptors. Ze needed only one more Anemonite to form a complete cluster of six. Theirs was a lovely cluster of diverse types, drawn from three bountiful ponds. Every one of iser cluster mates liked Dots. Would ze want to join them? Or would ze prefer a cluster of more similar types? Some did, but Dots was excited about new bud varieties. Ripple’s skirt ring swelled with hope. Should ze ask iser?
Nearby, the water swirled as Tuft became agitated. The tentacles of the others had stiffened and their light receptors were aimed upwards. Ripple flicked iser own in the same direction and observed an opening in the side of the flyer. Two giant creatures had emerged and were making their way down the slope of the outcrop towards the pond where the bud peers were watching.
Ripple bobbed stiffly on the water, focusing on the creatures. They were so strange! Almost all living things on Ripple’s world lived and moved in water streams, but these creatures moved on land. At the top of their bodies, a tendril-covered spherical shape was attached to a roughly cylindrical torso with four stiff appendages protruding from it. Two of the appendages supported the torso and moved back and forth, carrying the creature across the ground, while the other two appendages dangled at their sides, or periodically waved around. Sometimes the creatures turned to each other and a slit in the front of the sphere would open and close. Then the sphere would nod or jerk. Were they communicating?
They reached the bottom of the outcrop and came towards Ripple’s group. As they progressed, they stopped to pluck samples of vegetation growing along the shore and put them into small pouches.
Ripple shrank against the rocks and stroked iser tentacles, to calm the sparking epidermis. The creatures were getting closer. What should ze and iser bud peers do?
The creatures reached the rocks where the bud peers were hiding and loomed above them. Then one of them reached out and took Dots. It lifted iser out of the water and into a transparent cylinder.
Ripple’s epidermis sparked and ze lunged forward, wrapping two tentacles around the creature’s appendage. Ze pulled, but the creature reacted fast, springing backwards and swiping Ripple off, flinging erm back into the pond. The bud peers scattered, retreating away from the shore out of range of the creatures. They bobbed in the water watching the creatures, which stood on the shore and seemed to be watching them, too. Then the one that had captured Dots put a covering on the cylinder, trapping iser inside it, and the creatures returned up the slope to the flyer.
Ripple jerked iser blade paddles and swirled in frantic circles, tentacles flapping. “They took Dots! We must rescue iser.”
“Of course,” signalled Tuft, “but how?”
The friends turned their light receptors towards the rocky slope. They bobbed in the water, tentacles drooping. Ripple’s skirt ring deflated, and as ze drifted on the water, the floating lattice shelter came into view. Iser tentacles perked. “The shelter. We can modify its structure, bring it to the shore, and use it to climb the slope.”
“And then what?” Zoom signalled. “We can’t move across the land. How do we get inside the flying thing, and what would we do once we’re there?”
“Yes,” Tuft added. “The creatures might capture us, too.”
“I don’t know, but we must get Dots back.”
Ripple sent the other bud peers back to the grotto for help, while ze, Tuft and Zoom paddled to the lattice and began to untie the twines holding it in place. By the time they finished, Anemonites began to spill out from the water lift and gather around the structure. Ripple signalled instructions, and soon the lattice was deconstructed and rebuilt as a giant ramp.
Other Anemonites plucked stringy fibres from the tuft shrubs along the shoreline and wove them into ropes. Some cut the rigid and spiky stalks from stinger flax and rubbed them against the rocks to sharpen their points and release the stinger sap. The larger individuals chopped the massive tube-shaped hollow trunks from the water willows and split them, lengthways, in half.
When everything was ready, the colony surrounded the ramp, wrapped their tentacles around the lattice poles and paddled across the lake, pushing the structure towards the shore, and pulling the half-tubes behind them.
The sun went down and it grew dark, but the Anemonites did not stop. They manoeuvred the ramp into position, bridging the gap from the shore to the outcrop, and leaned it up against the rock wall. Then they wrapped their tentacles around the poles of the lattice and began to climb. Ripple took the lead. With rope slung over two tentacles ze carefully climbed to the top of the ladder and peered over the top of the rock ledge.
There was a dim light shining from the opening of the flying thing. Inside, the two creatures were stretched horizontally on ledges, not moving.
Ripple drew air slowly in and out of iser skirt ring, then signalled for the half-tubes to be hauled to the top of the ramp. Working together, the Anemonites quietly pushed them across the ground from the ramp to the opening in the flyer. Then, tentacle to tentacle, they passed up small tubes of water and poured them into the half-tubes. Now they had a pathway into the flyer.
Clutching a pointed stinger stalk in one tentacle, Ripple calmed iser sparkles, and led iser bud peers down the pathway.
They made it inside the flyer without disturbing the creatures, and found the cylinder containing Dots just above them on another ledge.
Ripple signalled to Tuft and the two of them reached up and got their tentacles part-way around the cylinder. They nudged it towards them but at the edge of the ledge, the cylinder tipped. The smooth sides slipped from their tentacles, and it fell, smashing on the floor. Sharp slivers flew. One sliced through Ripple’s tentacle, and the severed end dropped to the floor. The two alien creatures leapt up, but froze in place when the row of Anemonites thrust their stinger sticks toward them. Pain radiated from Ripple’s wound. Ze retracted the severed stump and fumbled towards Dots’ crumpled form on the floor. Was Dots alive?
Ripple gently stroked Dots, and iser tentacles responded. They wiggled up from the floor and clutched at Ripple’s. A whoosh escaped from Ripple’s skirt ring. Dots was alive!
With a threatening thrust of their stinger sticks towards the alien creatures, who backed away from the sharp points, Ripple and the others returned slowly along their half-tube path and out of the flyer. To Ripple’s great relief, the creatures did not try to stop them, just stood by and watched them go.
The following day the creatures came down to the shore of the pond. A patrol of Anemonites floated at a distance offshore and clutched their stinger sticks defensively, but the creatures did not do anything hostile. They made no move towards the water. Instead, they observed the colony and after many days, began to mimic some of their movements.
Down in the grotto, the oldest Anemonites concluded that the creatures must be intelligent, and were trying to communicate. They formed teams of Anemonites to respond. Though it appeared that the creatures could use their upper appendages to signal, their communication was very limited in other ways. Bloom concluded that it would probably take years to decipher their language, if ever, but the presence of the aliens provided an interesting study, and as long as they remained peaceable, they were welcome to stay.
Two revolutions of the moons later, Ripple paddled through the maze towards the water lift where iser cluster was waiting. Ze stretched the healed stump of iser severed tentacle. It was strange to be missing a tentacle, but ze did not mourn the loss. It was a small sacrifice for the life of iser new cluster mate. Ripple sparkled as ze joined them and they rode the water lift to the pond. They spilled out at the top and headed for the channel. At the summer gathering they would meet this season’s new buds, and by next year, they might have new buds of their own.

The Creatures

By Matariki Taonui

Darkness. I remember waking up in the depth of darkness to a noise that sounded as if a giant alarm went off. I was alone and… angry. Yes, angry. I don’t know why. A stream of anger poured over me. I could only see… nothing, actually.
I blinked. And blinked… and blinked. But the daunting, depressing, darkness layered upon my eyesight. The slippery, squishy wall pressed softly against my back as I sat cross-legged. The air felt musty and dry. Yet, I sensed slime everywhere; it was on the ground covering my feet, my trousers. I felt the slime spit and groan at me as it sizzled and bubbled.
Letting the wall be my guide, I stood up, and took a few limping steps. When I looked at my legs to see what was wrong, I saw blood had seeped through my trousers on my right knee.
After the realisation kicked in, I screamed at the stabbing pain. A gigantic cut from my thigh to my calves was bleeding profusely. Hoping to slow my wound’s bleeding, I used my checkered shirt to wrap up the injury. I’d rather stop the bleeding and be as cold as ice, than be warm with a wound, and yelling for help.
Bump… bump… bump…
With my leg throbbing, I began walking, careless of the pain. I stumbled forward blindly, using the walls to guide me.
Then I heard a noise. A spine-chilling noise. It sounded like… water splashing rapidly into walls. It was coming from my right. No, my left. Wait, no, my right. Hold on—
ROAR!
I was floating upon the liquid as a loud roar echoed through my ears. It was getting closer. By now, I was starting to worry that this mysterious, mischievous, miscellaneous… thing was chasing after me, eager to lunge towards me. I swam and swam, despite the screaming pain from my leg. Faster and faster I went.
“Help!” I yelled out hopelessly as I pumped my muscles. “Help me!”
And then… light. Bright, glorious sunshine. I was falling…and then I belly-flopped into liquid again. I sunk down, so I quickly swam up to the surface. The liquid was… water? I peered down. What I saw almost made me faint forever. Blood. I seemed to be in a continuous ocean of blood. I gasped.
ROAR!
I looked behind me. A great, big, half-fish, half-alien loomed over me fiercely. It had five, swirly, slimy tentacles coming out from its back. The hideous creature had three heads, all sharing the same great big mouth that had razor-sharp teeth the size of an elephant. Its pinkish, shark-shaped body was smeared with blood. The creature was facing me almost glaring through my soul, but I saw no eyes. Was it blind?
It was as though the three-headed creature was grinning hysterically at me, waiting to gobble me up again. But then, the creature burped up a… a… a great white shark! Was that the monster that was chasing me?
The shark seemed harmless as it just stayed away from me and the three-headed alien. The shark swam carelessly away, leaving me alone to be the prey for the predator in front of me.
GRRR…
I turned around carefully. I was surrounded by creatures that looked like the hideous monster that had gobbled me up and spat me out!
There were no other human beings around. Was this an alien invasion? The creatures inched closer. And closer. And closer. And… darkness. I couldn’t bear it any longer.
Swish! Slash! Slip!
I opened my eyes to see the creatures fighting and trying to eat one another. They seemed more intrigued with their flesh than mine. Or am I just lucky?
I took my chance to swim away. I swam and swam.
Finally, I saw a… a… an island? Yes! An island! Maybe some humans might still actually be alive.
When I reached my destination, I hauled myself up onto the sandy surface, covered in blood. I looked up. I had anticipated something — someone to help me up, but what I saw made me curse.
This island was not an island at all. It was an alien! It had an arched back that reached up so high it looked as though it was touching the sky. Its circular head was resting on the giant paws of the creature. What was I to do now? I started panicking. I think I was going to go a little bit crazy.
“Hey! You! Yes, you!”
I knew I was just talking to my reflection in the bright red ocean, but it was worth a shot.
 “Can you help me? I’m stuck! Where are the other people?”
Okay, I was absolutely going crazy.
As if on cue, the alien opened an eye and tilted its head to look up at me, a tiny midget, unwillingly standing on its back. I stood still, frightened of moving and risking the creature hurling me across the universe.
The creature slowly got up. I fell to my knees because of the incredible force of the movement.
I didn’t know it at first, but this particular creature was trying to send me back to my rightful home — the city of Papaioea, where the remainder of civilization lived in old, rusty buildings, surrounded by flowing water covered in moss, floating carelessly. You can see hints of what used to be the human species’ home.
Despite cruel poverty, these people lived happily, safe from the greedy hands of the aliens.
This alien invasion must have started a while ago.
So how long was I in the alien’s stomach?

La Nature or Nurture?

By Tom Knowles

Max strained on the lead and Rod followed. Max did not walk, nor run, so much as he hopped, using all four legs at once to drag Rod along. They came up to the dog park which ran along the side of a hill, above the harbour. The harbour was long. It was miles and miles from the airport at one end to the city at the other. There was little wind, and no clouds, and the stars were reflected in the still, black water.
	Rod pulled Max to a stop as they entered the park, “Sit.”
	Max went on straining.
	“Sit, Max.” 
	Max renewed his hopping against the lead, trying to pull Rod down the path. Rod took a treat from his pocket and Max sniffed the still air. Rod wondered if it was harder for Max to smell the treat with so little wind. Then, he wondered whether Max would be able to smell the treat if there was no wind at all. As Rod considered whether smell travelled like heat, or whether it did something else he had not heard of—Max leapt up and ate the treat right out of his hand. 
	“Shit. Sit.” Rod pushed down atop Max’s hips as he pulled another treat from his pocket. “Maxie, please sit.” Rod palmed the treat and used both hands to force Max to sit. “Good boy!” He unclipped the lead from Max’s collar and offered the treat. Max inhaled it as he pranced down the path. As Rod followed him into the park, the streetlights faded, and Max began to blend into the trees.
	Further into the park, Rod rounded a corner and found Max crouched down, low to the ground with his hackles up, growling. Rod squatted next to him, put his hand on Max’s head, and looked out into the dark, “What is it, boy?” Max licked Rod’s hand.
	Two red lights hovered where the hillside dropped down to the harbour; one low and flashing, the other higher and steady. The lower light moved towards them. Max snapped his jaws. Was that Max snuffling? The lower light came faster. What was it, some kind of drone? Max squealed and ran behind Rod. Back down the path the higher light bloomed. Its red light revealed a wide, grinning face; just as something brushed past Rod’s leg. 
	“Duke, outta there! Boy!”
	A dog, just another dog. At a dog park too! Duke ran circles around the two of them. The red flashing light on his collar lit up Max as he wound himself through Rod’s legs. Then Duke took off into the dark and Max gave chase.
	The man lowered his cigarette, “If he sees another dog, he just goes for it.” He beckoned Rod over. 
	Rod laughed, “No stress, man. Er—Duke had me going for a while.”
	“What’s yours anyway?”
	“His breed?”
	“Yeah. What’s it?”
	“Max’s a Brittany, like the province in—”
	“France.”
	“Yeah.”
	“He French?”
	“Think the breed started there.”
	“Him though?”
	“Nah, he’s from ‘round here.”
	“Solid dog from ‘round here?”
	“Yeah, solid dog alright.”
	They fell silent and looked out across the harbour for a while.
	“Often out here this late?” Rod asked.
	“Like watching the lights.”
	Rod looked out across the harbour to the lights of the city. “Yeah, anywhere looks nice at night, don’t it?”
	“Don’t like it here?”
	“Not really. You?”
	“When you been in a spot as long as I have, what choice d’ya have?”
	“Still, gotta admit, ‘s not Paris.”
	“Thank god.”
	“Yeah?”
	“Yeah.”
	Rod plugged a finger in each ear as a plane blasted past, down to the airport at the end of the harbour. The whole hillside lit up, and Rod watched as Max chased Duke—an English Bulldog—along the edge of the park. A line of planes stretched down the harbour as they slowly made their descent. Rod could make out individual lights above the cockpit and at each wingtip on the first plane. But those further back just appeared as single lights strung along down the harbour.
	“So, why do you watch the lights then?”
	“From up here ‘bove the harbour, you can see the lights at the airport, and the lights of the city, and there,” the man swept his arm in a wide arc, “the streetlights on the long road connectin’ ‘em.” He swung his arm up over his head. “Plus, on all the planes coming down the harbour.”
	“Quite the show, huh?”
“And boy, on a night like tonight, with the water still, all ‘em lights are reflected back . Jus’ look at ‘em reflections!”
	“It’s real pretty, man.”
	“Yeah, but what d’ya think ‘bout ‘em? Huh?”
	“Man—”
	“Look where they’re pointing!”
	All along the road, each streetlight’s reflection pointed across the harbour to where Rod stood on the hill. Even as the cars drove along the road, their reflected headlights pointed towards Rod on the hill. The planes’ lights were bright, and their reflections stretched down the harbour to point at the hill. Right where Rod stood. Even as another plane flew past, illuminating the old man’s tweed jacket and wispy hair, its reflection remained pointed straight at Rod on the hill.
	“Up here on the hill.”
	“All pointing right at us. That’s something. Why d’ya think that is?”
	Rod racked his brain for an explanation. 
	“They’re all pointing right at me.” The old man took a long drag from his cigarette, lighting his whole face up red, “Same every time I’m up here.” 
	“It must have something to do with perspective.”
	“Every time I’m here. Damned centre of something.”
	“Something with—perspective and refraction. Rest of the harbour’s lit up but—”
	“You some kind of nihilist?”
	“What?”
	“You know,” the old man pointed skyward, “don’t believe anything’s up there. Type of guy who sees every light ‘round pointed right at him and thinks ‘bout refraction.”
	“I don’t think—”
	“If y’are, just say. No big deal. The Duke’s one.”
	“Your dog don’t believe in God?”
	“Nope, The Duke only ever believed in two things, food and bitches. Reckon he’s never thought even once ‘bout what’s coming next.”
	“Believed?”
	“Well,” the old man placed a hand on Rod’s shoulder, “pair of scissors took care of—well, now all he does is eat.” He lowered his voice, “Look at what he’s done to the body he was given. How ‘bout your dog, he a nihilist?”
	“Man, I’ve no idea.”
	“Rhetorical, boy. Where’s Brittany? ‘Course, he’s a fucking nihilist.”
	“They’re not all nihilists—Are they?”
	“Post-modernism, baby” he grimaced “fucking French.”
	“Bloody hell.”
	“Bet he likes his treats.”
	“Like any dog—It’s nice to talk to you man. Max, come here!”
	“Why don’t you offer him a treat?” 
	“Max!” Rod walked down the path towards the dogs “We’d better get moving.”
“The Duke’ll always come for a treat.”
“Maxie, come here.”
The dogs kept running circles around each other.
	“Jacques, why don’t you offer him a treat?”	
“Listen, man,” Rod ran his fingers through his hair, “both my grandfathers were English. Max! Come here, boy!” 
	“Bet he’ll come right away for a treat.”
	Rod walked over to the dogs, “Max, come here,” he lowered his voice, “please.”
	“Go on, une sucette.” The old man called down the path.
	Rod stuck his hand in his pocket and Max stopped in his tracks. Rod pulled out two treats and Max ran straight over. “Fucksake,” Rod slipped on Max’s collar as the dog chewed the biscuits. The Duke plodded back up to the old man. Behind Rod, the old man’s eyes twinkled, as he sucked on his cigarette. 
“Maxie,” Rod kept his voice low, “You’re no nihilist, are you?”
Max ate the treat.
“You’re always so excited to see me when I get home—”
Max looked up at Rod, chewing.
Rod looked out across the harbour. The lights from the airport, the streetlights, the cars, and the city all pointed towards him. “—s’pose the first thing I do is sort your dinner though.”
	“Boy, come here, look at the light from this next plane.”
	Rod sighed and walked over to where the man stood looking out over the harbour. There was one last plane making its descent. It appeared as a single light and it was coming fast. 
	“It’s coming in real low.”
“See the reflection?”
	There was no light reflected on the water.
	“How’s that for refraction, René?”
	“Light must be hitting the water at a weird angle or something.”
	The plane was descending too fast. 
	“Weird’s right. Listen, you hear anything?”
	“No.”
	“How d’ya figure that one, Jean-Paul?”
	“Ex-wife French or something? That plane is way too fucking low!”
	“My Lizzie’s not—"	
The hillside lit up as the plane came right at them. The Duke and Max barked as it passed silently overhead. Pine trees on the hillside above cracked as the plane sheered through them, then the entire hill shuddered as the plane crashed to a stop.
	“Fucking hell!” Rod yelled.
	The Duke led Max racing up the bank and into the broken trees. Rod ran up the hillside after the dogs, “This’s fucked, man.” 
The old man walked up after him.
	Broken tree trunks lay scattered amidst their burnt black stumps either side of a long, black rut leading to a smoking hole in the hillside. The hole was only about as tall as Rod. The dogs barked into the hole. A third dog seemed to be barking back at them from inside the hole. Impossible. Rod walked up to Max and The Duke. Rod squinted, and put a hand over his face, and cracked his fingers, then peered into the smoke, “Anyone alive?” The three dogs went on barking. A shadow was crouched down just inside the hole. Was that the dog? Max was trying to get inside. He would run up to the smoking hole, then squeal and retreat. Rod watched him do this over and over again. Meanwhile, The Duke sat and barked and the dog in the burning hole barked back. 
“Get away from there!” the old man called from behind Rod. “Nothing’s surviving that.”
“Come on out boy,” Rod took a treat out of his pocket and waved it in front of the cave, “here ya go!” 
“You serious,” the old man grabbed Rod’s shoulder and reached for the treat, “boy!”	
“There’s a dog in there!”
“Get back boy.” 
The Duke barked and Max whined.
“I can hear him barking!” Rod thrust the treat into the smoke then cried out in pain as his arm blistered. 
	“Put that away! It’s our dogs fucking barking,” The old man yanked on Rod’s shoulder, “there’s no other dog!”
	The third dog barked back.
	The old man’s grip loosened. 
	Max and The Duke barked once more and fell silent.
	“He’s just inside. You can see him.” Rod crouched down like he was ready to play, “Here, boy!”
	“Yeah, come out, boy.”
	“Hello, out there,” said a voice from inside the cave.
	Rod and the old man looked at each other. 
	“Hello,” Rod called back, “you okay? I’m Rod, this is—You okay?”
	“Please stand still.”
	“What?” the old man and Rod called in unison.
	“I need your help. Please remain calm, like your friends.”
	“Wha—” the old man and Rod turned to the two dogs. They sat together just behind the men, silently, looking into the hole. “So, what d’ya need?” the old man asked.
	“Your memories.”
	The men looked at each other.
	“Unfortunately—” a long grey arm reached out of the smoke. It exited low, as if its smoke-shrouded shoulder were only a foot off the ground, but it was longer than the men were tall. “Unfortunately, I have no choice.” It rested its hand, palm up, on the old man’s shoulder. Its fingers were as thick as beer cans and each came to a sharp point. “Your kind like to talk. It’s this or—”
	“Fuck.” Rod said. His eyes were fixed to the hand on the old man’s tweed shoulder.
	“Will it—Will it hurt?” The old man asked.
	“You won’t remember anything.”
	“Else we’re done for?”
	“Yes.”
	“Want a bet, boy?” The old man’s voice shook, “Want a bet?” He looked up from the hand, at Rod. “Bet he’s dressed up smart in there?”
	“What? Man.”
	“He wearing a suit, boy? Sure you’re not French?”
	“Oh,” Rod forced a laugh, “we talking—a black suit or—a navy blue tuxedo?”
	“This thing ain’t wearing Navy Blue.”
	Rod watched as the fat, grey hand rose and tilted to face the old man’s ear. Then it stabbed its fat, pointed finger into the old man’s ear. The old man’s shoulders spasmed and he wrenched his wrists up under his chin. His body convulsed and twisted away from the hand and its finger. Then the hand pulled back and the old man slumped to the ground. The Duke walked over and sat next to the man. Rod wondered if he was fucking dead. 
	“He’s alright, yeah?”
	“He won’t,” the long arm swung over and rested its hand on Rod’s shoulder, “remember any of this.”
	“Fuck man, but he’s not dead right?”
	“Well,” another arm reached out of the bottom of the hole, through the smoke, and grabbed the side of Rod’s neck. “What could you do differently now?” 
	“Fuck me dead,” Rod looked, out of the corner of his eye, at the pointed fingertip. “Listen, can you ask Max something first, please.”
	“What?”
	“You talked to the dogs.”
	“Yes.”
	“He a nihilist?”
	“What?”
	“He believe in god ‘n’ shit?”
	The hand tilted up so that its palm faced into Rod’s ear.
	“No just fucking wait one second! Please. Ask him, if me and some of his treats each had Goldfinger’s laser inching towards our respective nutsacks—”
	“What?”
	“Sorry, ask him who he’d save if he could only save one.”
	“Save,” It traced the lines of cartilage in Rod’s ear, "dinner’s nutsack?”
	“Just—” Rod tried to pull away from the alien’s finger, its other hand held him still. “Just a fucking metaphor or some shit man. Who’d Max save, me or his treats?”
	“From,” the thing in the cave tried to imitate Rod’s voice, “Goldfinger’s laser-nutsack?” 
	“No. Sorry. Honestly, Max wouldn’t understand either. Imagine we were both about to drop out of a plane—or be run over by a truck.”
	“A plane or a truck?”
	“The truck, man.”
	The thing in the cave barked at Max. Max barked back.
	“He asks how many treats.”
	“A—er—a—bowl or so.”
	It whined and growled to Max. Max took a moment, then whined back.
	“He says, of course, he would save you.”
	Rod smiled at Max, “Solid dog alright.” 
	Max whined some more into the cave.
	“Rod,” it called from the cave, “you are a man, yes?”
	“Why.”
“I don’t understand Max. What is a fish?”
	“Why?”
	It laid its finger to rest against Rod’s ear canal. “Max just said something about teaching a man to fish—”
The Interrogation

By Finn Williams

“Okay, okay, one more question,” exclaims Police Chief Samson to the large crowd of news reporters swarming him, their cameras trained on his every expression, flashes blinding him with every word spoken.
“Chief, now that you finally have one of these offenders in custody, what do you plan on accomplishing with them?” asks a young female reporter.
	“Firstly, the correct term for our prisoner is terrorist, and this should be considered a great victory for the human race. Now that we have a member of this terrorist cell in our custody, it is only a matter of time until we find their leader and peace for all mankind is regained.” Answer delivered, the Chief turns his back on the crowd of journalists, ignoring the barrage of follow up questions behind him.
The precinct is buzzing as Samson walks back inside. Officers have been itching to get their hands on one of the criminals who have been destroying their stations, and now that time has finally come. It had been almost a year, and cost hundreds of millions of dollars, but now they could finally get one back.
Bounding up the stairs, Samson approaches the interrogation room, a smug look of self-satisfaction on his face.
	“How’s our little friend doing in there?” asks the chief to an officer standing guard outside the room.
	“Well he’s been nice and quiet.” the officer replies and both men chuckle.
	“For real though, Chief. Are you sure you’re okay going in there by yourself with that thing?” The officer’s face turns to stone.
	“Son, with all of the precautions we’ve taken in there, I doubt it’ll be able to do anything to me.” Samson answers.
	“Right that’s fair chief, it’s just, I’ve heard they can read your mind or something.”
	“Don’t believe everything you hear on the news, Rookie. And besides, if I do feel it trying to break into my head, I’ve always got this with me.” Samson says, tapping the pistol on his hip.
The men chuckle again, if only briefly.
	“Okay, it’s time. Open the door.” Samson calls down the hall.
A claxon blares as the door to the interrogation room slides open.
	“Be careful in there sir,” says the rookie officer.
	“I will be son, I promise.” Samson pats him on the shoulder before entering the room.
The door closes with a mechanical click, and Chief Samson is alone in the small white room with the terrorist. Over eight feet tall, with pale grey skin, its long dangly limbs had no joints and only four fingers and toes on each hand and foot. A small mouth on the bottom of its elongated head was followed by four rows of holes stretching up its face. The four in the middle held pitch-black eyes, the bottom row its version of nostrils, and the top its version of ears.
The alien is restrained vertically to a metal board from head to toe, completely restricted from movement. The straps are tugging at its skin, the boys must have tied it up extra tight. It looks painful. The chief smiles, pleased the boys think the same way he does when it comes to dealing with this abomination.
The Chief walks slowly around the small metal table in the middle of the room towards it, relishing every small step taken. Now inches away from the side of its face, he gently takes the gag off.
	“It is a pleasure to finally meet one of you face to face,” says the Chief.
He strikes the alien across its face, and a crack reverberates around the room, the stinging in his hand sends a wave of pleasure through his nerves.
“Finally got one of you huh, you fucker,” he says as he slaps the alien again, even harder.
“Did you really think you and your clan would get away with this forever? We were always going to get you eventually. We knew you’d make a fuck up on one of your little operations. And now we have you. And I should let you know that I am going to enjoy this. So come on, let’s hear what you’ve got to say. Though you best give me what I want to hear, or these,” another slap, “are gonna be the least of your troubles.”
He slaps the alien one more time, putting all of his force, his hatred, into that one final strike. He breathes hard, one drop of sweat dribbles down his nose as, finally, the Alien speaks in perfect English.
	“Could you please face the front of me, I am a little hard of hearing from the sides.”
	“Oh, I see we’ve got a comedian here,” says the Chief, turning around to the non-existent audience before taking a step to be directly in front of the alien.
	“That better for you?” he asks.
	“Yes, much better, thank you,” it answers, completely calmly.
	“Excellent.”
This time he punches it, but as its head is strapped down it snaps back with sickening speed. A small cut appears above the alien’s maw, with a line of blood running down its non-existent chin.
The Chief’s lips curled. ‘They bleed the same red as us,’ he thinks, but the police had discovered that quickly.
	“Right, enough fun and games,” the Chief says, stepping away from the alien and pulling out a chair at the other end of the table. “Now you’re going to tell me everything about this whole operation you freaks are pulling.”
	“What exactly do you want to know?” asks the alien. “We already told you everything about our movement.”
	“Yes you told us your reasonings, how you justified the destruction of billions of dollars of public property and the destruction of hundreds of thousands of people’s workplaces and livelihoods. But you never told anyone how you do it. Where your resources come from, where your recruits come from.”
	“What do you want me to tell you, Chief? That there is some shadowy cabal of elite Xanxe? Or wealthy secret Xanxe sympathisers?”
The Alien pronounces that word as Shan-see.
‘So that’s how you say it,’ the chief thinks.
That’s what they called themselves anyway. The chief dismisses it. He and the boys preferred to call them aliens, monsters, terrorists, or simply ‘it’.
The Xanxe continues, “But the truth, Chief, is much more mundane. We are a united front, twenty million strong. You have oppressed our people for decades and treated us worse than second class citizens - like animals. Eventually those you oppress will grow tired of it.”
“So that justifies your actions then? You came to our planet with no announcement, not even a transmission to NASA. You’re lucky we didn’t nuke your entire fleet out of orbit. But, for whatever reason, we took pity on your kind. We gave you a home and a chance to assimilate into our society, but you decided against that.”
“Yes, an opportunity. We tried to take full advantage of that. We were entirely passive on arrival. We made it entirely clear. We came to this planet already speaking every possible language we could need to communicate with you, and yet we were still cast off, forced into poverty, living in ruin, the only jobs available to us being modern slave labour. So what did we do wrong?”
“You ignore one thing that I mentioned. Assimilate. You could have had every opportunity humans have if you had adapted to human society. Hell you could have protested those problems the human way. But you decided not to; you chose violence.”
“So because you gave us the privilege of not destroying our species, we should abandon our culture, the way we have lived for tens of thousands of years?”
“Well you still- “Samson interrupts, but the Xanxe continues.
	“And you police officers have memory problems. We did live by your rules. We advocated for our equal rights the way you wanted us to. Peacefully protested, advocated for bills, quietly bided our time. But we are no better off now than the moment we came to your planet. So, what other option do we have?”
	“Well, it’s all over now, you finally made a mistake.” Samson leans back, a smug smile spreads across his face.
	“Did we make a mistake? We are not very agile people; we are not the best at escape. So, did we make a mistake? Or am I the first Xanxe you have captured because you and your boys can’t help but slaughter us whenever you come near?”
The Chief has had enough. He blasts out of the chair and pulls out his pistol, sticking it to the side of the alien’s head. Itching to pull the trigger, Samson says, “So that’s what you think? Well then, what’s another monster to add to the pile.”
	“Go ahead Chief, add another notch to your belt. But before you do, how about you look out the window.”
Slowly, Samson steps towards the small window at the side of the room and looks out. On the footpath below, another Xanxe, identical to the one in the room with him, is looking back at him. Except this one is holding a detonator.

Camouflage

By Vicki Arnott

They always talk about the fight or flight instinct when people are exposed to danger. They rarely mention the third response.
It happened to me the night my friends and I camped out in the woods. When I say woods, it was really just a nature and camping park not far from town. A place that offered us an illusion of freedom, while allowing our parents to feel comfortable about their teenage offspring staying out unsupervised for the night. If anything went wrong, adult assistance was only a phone call and a short car journey away.
Joy, Holly, Stella, and I (Angel—we called ourselves the ‘Merry Christmas Crew’ for self-evident reasons) had lit a fire and cooked our meal, and were seated on a ring of flattened rocks with marshmallows speared on sticks and pointed towards the glowing embers.
I went to get the block of chocolate I had stashed in the glove compartment of my car and was on my way back when Holly cried out. 
“What’s that?” She pointed upward with her marshmallow stick and the others turned to look. I caught a glimpse of light streaking across the sky towards us.
Then a large glowing ball lit the area. A massive spherical object hovered overhead, spinning slowly and making no sound. It was just the way they depict UFOs on those ‘alien encounter’ documentaries. Cold fear jolted through me and I froze. Just as my friends let out frightened shrieks, a ray of speckled light shone down on them from the underside of the craft. The light glowed on their upturned faces, highlighting their terror, but they didn’t move. It looked like they were trapped in the beam.
I wasn’t trapped, but I couldn’t move. I wanted to do something, but what could I do?
A circle opened up in the bottom of the craft and an alien floated down to the ground. In the speckled light, its skin glowed and its shape blurred, making it hard to see clearly, but it didn’t look like the spindly grey creatures we all associate with aliens. It didn’t look human either.
Its shape and size were similar to ours, it was a kind of humanoid, but where humans have hair, that thing had thin, pointed spines. Where humans have skin, it looked like it was covered in translucent scales, like a fish, that reflected the light.
It walked around our campfire, clasping a device in its hand which it held out in front of each of my friends, one by one. It prodded the device with the bulbous, suction-cup end of one of its long fingers, and peered at each of their faces, blinking its purple, oval-shaped eyes.
While I stood trembling and terrified, another alien floated to the ground. The two faced one another and alternately made warbling sounds, a trill that seemed familiar and soothing. The sound eased my stiffened nerves and I started to relax. A sense of calm came over me.
The second alien held a small rod in its hand which it raised, and touched my friends on their foreheads. The terror left their faces and their expressions relaxed into vacant stares.
The aliens left, floating back up the beam of light into their craft—and then it was gone.
I took a deep breath and stiffly re-joined my friends.
“Oh, God!” Joy shrieked, “My marshmallow is burnt!”
I sat down on my rock and watched them wave the flaming charred lumps on the ends of their sticks. They were acting as though nothing had happened.
What had happened?
A week went by and my friends seemed unaffected by our encounter with aliens. They didn’t remember, but I couldn’t forget. No one would believe me if I told them, so I kept it to myself and tried to put it out of my mind. After all, something like that happened only once in a lifetime, right? It was not likely to be repeated. Though I was freaked out, I didn’t think I had anything to fear.
That’s why the three aliens hiding among the flaxes in our garden took me by surprise when I was taking washing off the clothesline. I hadn’t noticed them because the translucent scales on their skin seemed to act like camouflage, and they blended with the plants. The sun went behind a cloud, creating a shadow, and I saw them.
Prickles sprang out on my skin. I grabbed the washing basket and hurried inside, locking the door behind me. I dashed around the house, shutting windows and pulling curtains, as if they could protect me from the aliens.
“What are you doing?” my mother said, from the kitchen doorway.
“Closing the curtains,” I said, trying to sound normal, while my heart was going crazy inside my chest. Then the doorbell rang and my mouth went dry.
“Don’t answer it,” I screeched as my mother crossed the room and reached for the door handle.
She shot a puzzled look at me over her shoulder as she opened the door. The three aliens came right into the house. The one in the lead lifted a rod and touched my mother’s forehead. She stopped still, expression vacant, just like my friends around our campfire that night. Then the three aliens turned and looked at me.
Why don’t I have the fight or flight instinct? Every part of me locked up, like I was stone. All I could do was stare at them and wonder what would happen next.
The lead alien warbled and took slow steps toward me. Again, a sense of familiarity rolled over me, like some long forgotten song. The rod came towards my forehead and touched my skin. Hidden memories flooded my mind. I relaxed.
When Klaxa lowered her rod and warbled greetings, I smiled and warbled back.
Then Klaxa said, “Your mission is over, Angelli. It is time to return home.”
“I am ready,” I said. “I have learned a great deal during my years here on Earth, and have much to report.” I took a moment to shrug and ruffle my scales, shedding my human disguise, and returned to my natural form. Then we waited thirty Earth minutes for my human ‘father’ to return home from work, and Klaxa removed his memories. The human couple would forget that I was ever here, and soon the memories would fade from all the other humans I had known.
Outside, the transport hovered overhead. We stepped into the speckled beam and floated inside. A happy trill rose in my throat. Soon I would be on my way home.
A Shaggy Blue Coat

By Alex Pratt

As I approached the large, blue creature, a sack of corn slung over my shoulder and an auto-pistol at my hip, I contemplated, for the first time in a while, my bizarre predicament.  A matter of months ago, I’d been torn from cryosleep, not in a calm disembarking procedure as I had hoped, but to sirens, and my little pod hurtling towards the surface of a planet none of us had heard of.  Thankfully, they didn’t expect us to pilot the things ourselves, but self-piloted or not, atmospheric entry is still terrifying.  The streaks of fire rushing past the tiny little window did not help calm my nerves.  Over the next few days, two others and I had made ourselves a home, and were now starting to create a stable food supply.  Whatever was left of our ship’s AI, still lingering somewhere in the back of our heads, directed us to plant the crop seeds that had dropped with us almost as soon as we had landed, and now, I was going to try and tame one of these strange beasts.  It looked a bit like a bison, large and shaggy coated, but had a calming, sky-blue fur, and bore no horns on its head.  
“Hey there, buddy.”  I offered calmly.  “You want some corn?”  
I grabbed a handful of kernels from the sack.  The creature grunted, and approached, seeming interested.  It struck me as it came right up to me how massive this thing was.  Its head towered over me, to the point I would have struggled to look it in the eye.  Not that I wanted to; I was shaking in my crudely fashioned boots that Darryn had made from the hides of some of the smaller animals we’d hunted in our first few days.
My hand was suddenly wet as the creature’s tongue licked the corn out of it. I resisted the urge to flinch, just barely.  I didn’t want to scare the thing.  
“There you go!  You like that?”
The creature grunted and sniffed at me, almost expectantly.
“I - I think you do.  Want some more?”  I responded, grabbing another handful.  As soon as my hand sat flat, it was licked again.  
“There you go.”  I cooed, patting the beast on what I presumed was its shoulder.  The long coat hid its legs almost entirely, so it was hard to tell.
It let out another grunt.  I had a funny feeling that it liked that.  I decided to scratch its neck; the husky back at base seemed to like it, so it was worth a shot.  Sure enough, the massive mound of hair rubbed its head against my arm as I ran my fingers through its coat.
“C’mon then, let’s get you home, ya big softie.”  I said in the most sugar-coated tone I could muster, tugging a tiny amount on the hair hanging off the beast’s chin.  It seemed to understand, its nose bumping against the corn sack as I led it back to the patch of grass we’d set aside as a pasture space.  I gave it one last handful of corn, and left it to graze on the longer grass.
 “One heck of a bonding exercise this is.”  Darryn commented as we continued our trek down the ancient, uneven path through the wilderness.  
“I’m sure they’re just sick of us being all sappy back home.” I replied.  “But out here there’s nobody to bother us about it, my little Darry-poo.”  I pinched his cheek with that last little comment, and immediately felt myself cringe.  That was the way I spoke to the livestock, for cripes sake.  I wasn’t going to try that again.  The past few months had seen a lot of other people joining our ranks, so we had to ramp up food production.  Thankfully, I seemed to have developed the knack for taming things.  Even with the livestock we were ranching, the amount of hunting we did left us with a lot of hides, far more than we could ever need for clothes and bedrolls, so Darryn and I had been sent out to a tribal village to sell some excess animal pelts.  
They were stacked high on the back of Hector, the first creature on this weird planet that I’d ever tamed, and one I really felt a connection to.  Every now and then, as we walked, I’d give him a pat and run my fingers through his shaggy blue coat.  It was shorter than usual; we’d found out pretty quickly that we could shear these things for wool.  
It made for excellent gloves, but now that we had a decent herd, that wool became somewhat overabundant, so some of that was in Hector’s saddlebags as well. 
As I pondered what strange things the tribe might be able to offer us in exchange, I heard a rustle in the bushes, followed by the unmistakeable click of an auto-pistol being loaded, near identical to my own.  
“Ambush!  Take cover!”  I cried, diving behind a stray rock not far off the path and readying my own weapon.  The bandits revealed themselves fairly quickly.  Thankfully there were only two; one each should be simple enough, I thought, taking aim at the fellow that had alerted me.  
Two of my rounds flew wide, but the other two managed to hit him, leg and chest.  He staggered before returning fire.  He was a lousy shot and I had better cover, all four rounds in his clip either plinking off the rock in front of me or burying themselves in the dirt to the side.  
As I reloaded, there was a boom as Darryn’s shotgun blasted the other would-be thief’s arm clean off.  I winced, but hey, it’s us or them.  I popped back out of cover and managed to plant three more into my target, with the last one going straight through his heart.  
He hit the ground with a thud and I turned to the other one.  He’d gotten up close and was trying to shiv Darryn.  There was a satisfying crack as the butt of the shotgun slammed into his face.  I filled his leg with lead, sending him to the ground with a yell.
“Nice shot, babe.”  Darryn murmured as he slapped a salve over his hand.  The bastard had managed to nick him, it would seem.  
“Thanks.”  I answered.  “So whaddaya reckon?  Is he worth keeping?”  
“Nowhere to put him while we patch him up, missing arm…  I don’t think so.”
I looked at the unfortunate bandit, and thought for a moment.  As I locked eyes with him, however, my thoughts ground to a halt.  That friggin AI was interfering again, using my eyes to stare into this guy’s soul.  I still wasn’t used to it, the cold analysis boiling this person’s value down to raw numbers.  I had to admit, however, it was useful.  This guy sucked at everything.  Useless with animals or plants, couldn’t tend wounds worth a damn, never touched a stove in his life, and absolutely garbage in combat.  No wonder we’d taken him down so easily.  I had to go with Darryn on this one.
 “Sorry man,” I said to the thief, picking up the knife he’d dropped, “nothing personal.”  
We at least had the decency to bury them, hastily digging shallow graves far enough away from the road that they wouldn’t be too obtrusive.  Not that anyone would care out here anyway.  It still kind of sucked for these guys, though.  At least we didn’t have to resort to that sort of desperation.  As I clicked at Hector to get us going again, I looked up at the sky.  The blue hue and white wisps of cloud were so similar to home that I could almost get the two skies mixed up, but I knew that when the stars came out tonight, they wouldn’t be anywhere close to the same. 



Acknowledgements to Tynan Sylvester.           
Where Sylphs Fly

By Vicki Arnott

It is the creaking timber beams that wake me. The squeak and crack of a tired old cottage groaning in response to the insistent prodding of the youthful wind outside. My bones react in much the same way when I urge them into motion. Slowly, I sit up and push back my thick patchwork quilt. The bed sheet rides up over my knobbly knees as I slide my feet to the dark wooden floorboards. My skinny white shins reflect the scant light breaking through the gap in the curtains. I sigh.
The next gust rattles the window and it issues a moaning whistle as air leaks through the cracks.
With both hands, I push myself up off the bed. The burden of my body eases onto my legs and my feet press into the floor. For the first time in months, my muscles don’t protest. My body straightens in one fluid motion.
The wind buffets my cottage again and the beams tremble, shunting dust particles over their edges. The dust drifts and swirls towards the floor, sparkling and winking in the dim room.
With each surge of the wind, my body responds with an upward surge of energy. A thrill vibrates through me, and then I frown. I move to my closet and pull out my clothes. Wind season is beginning. I have much to do.
I choose my outfit carefully. I’ll get customers from the village today. The brave and the foolhardy. The ones who don’t heed the warnings of their elders. The ones who scoff at the stories they’ve been told, or who just don’t care, because their greed or their need to win outweighs their good sense.
I must look the part when they come, so I choose my iridescent turquoise body sheath and cover it with my favourite tunic. The oversize one with sheer fabric that flaps gloriously in the wind. The swirling shades of blue float around me as I waft from my bedroom to the kitchen, revelling in the freedom of my movement. In spite of my ancient body, today I could dance. In the small space between my arch doorway and my solid wooden table, I twirl.
I know that I’m a strange and fearsome sight to the villagers. An unimaginably old woman, with wild white hair springing from her head, and unnaturally bright blue eyes, who squeezes her chunky body and skinny legs into a suit that shamelessly hides nothing. I smile. Of course, that’s why I do it. To shock and dismay them. To defy their prudish notions of proper and distinguished dress. To make sure they remember to be wary. One day, I might dispense with the under suit altogether. That day, they won’t know what to do with their eyes.
I snort. I keep promising myself I’ll do it, but I know it wouldn’t be wise, and I must be wise. I have my work to do.
Outside my kitchen window the shrubs dance, with the flow of the wind. The leaves scratch at the glass, calling to me. There’s laughter in the wind. It sings. My body responds to its urgent tug. I want to go. I want to run to the door and throw myself into the wind. I want to be carried away.
But my bare feet stay on the solid floor. I look at my toes; round, clumpy things that have widened and spread, gripping the ground more firmly with each passing year. I humph and reach for my decanter of aloma.
Three swigs of the thin yellow liquid, fizz on my tongue before I swallow. It glides into my stomach and pops, diffusing through my body like tiny bubbles of air. This will sustain me for the day. I replace the cork in the decanter and stow it away, then turn, ready to begin.
I grimace at my cluttered cottage. But it won’t last. Soon, customers will come and take this mess away. Then I’ll have space again.
I sit on the floor and set to work on a half-finished kite.
   In the early afternoon the first man arrives. It took him a long time to get to my cottage, but I knew he was coming. I felt him in the wind patterns flowing around his dense body. I counted his labouring steps as he made his way up the mountainside.
At my gate he hesitates. They always hesitate. Sometimes because they are frightened, and need a moment to gather their courage. Sometimes they are overcome by the sight of my cottage and need to take it in, to assure themselves that the strange conglomeration of objects populating my garden are not charmed with spells.
Such is my reputation, but I am not a witch. My garden is full of flying windmills, flapping kites and banners, sculptures of air creatures, and moving gadgets powered by sun and wind. Having them brings me closer to the sky. However, it suits me that the villagers fear me, so I do nothing to dispel their illusions.
  I do not come out to greet my customers, I make them ask for me. Jamel, the balloon merchant, has been here before, so he knows what to do. He jingles the wind chime to summon me from my cottage. I don’t hurry out, but no one expects me to. I’m very old, after all.
I step through my doorway into the wind and my tunic is caught. The garment flaps and floats around me. I relish its drama, exhilarating in the wind’s power, and then stare directly into Jamel’s eyes. He’s not intimidated. He’s too old for such nonsense.
“Greetings, Boreas,” he says, raising his hand to his forehead and extending it out in the customary way. “I’ve come for balloon breath.”
I hold out my hand and he passes me his back sack. I go into the cottage, reach up to the ceiling, and pull down two bulging bags filled with my breath. I push them into his sack and tighten the draw-string to prevent them from floating away.
Outside, I return his back sack and he gives me a box of alo berries, the chief ingredient of my morning elixir.
“My thanks,” he says, then leaves, heading back down the mountain along the stony track. A gust of wind speeds him on his way. Another gust whooshes around me, lifting my hair. I close my eyes and focus on the lift and play of the strands. I imagine the whisper touch of clouds brushing my cheeks. It’s as close as I can get to flying.
I open my eyes and gaze at the clouds in the distance, shiny billows above the horizon. A silver glow shimmers around them. Sparks puff out from the clouds like tiny explosions, leaving dissipating white trails behind them. Sylphs are riding the wind. Soon, the wind will bring them here. I sigh, and go back into my cottage.
Young men and women come and go, seeking kites. When the winds come, so do the competitors. Occasionally a merchant or a sailor comes, seeking repairs for wind generators and sails, but at the beginning of the wind season, it is kites that sell best.
The kite fair is sport for the villagers and sylphs alike. Though the villagers, of course, are unaware of sylphs. They think it’s just bad luck when a string breaks and their kite is lost, carried high into the air by the wind. They never know it was sylph mischief that stole their kite away to ride on the bucking wind, like a surf board over waves. They don’t see the flit and buzz of invisible wings vibrating as laughing sylphs weave through kites, tangling their tails or tugging them free of their owner’s grip.
Each day the winds grow stronger, and my strength grows to match. Wind season is both a blessing and a curse for me. For with each strengthening gust my longing for the sky increases. The weight of my confinement to the earth grows heavier, but I put that behind me and concentrate on my work. I watch the sky for the arrival of sylphs.
Most will ride the high winds right over the mountain top. Some might look down to catch a glimpse of me as they go by, but most will not. Some, the youngest and most playful, will toy with the kites and vex the villagers before they continue on their way. It both thrills and pains me to see them, but I still search the sky with compulsive vigilance.
I am dancing in my garden as the wind plays my chimes and sets my windmills whirling in colourful circles when the patterns of the wind tell me that a man is walking swiftly up the track towards my cottage. His stride is strong and steady.
I am still dancing when he reaches my gate. The push and swirl of the wind billowing my tunic promises to lift me off the ground. My spirit flies and I don’t want to stop my leaps and twirls. But it’s a false promise.
When the wind gusts on beyond my garden and the folds of my tunic settle, I stop, and face the man.
He claps his hands. “That was magnificent,” he says. He looks awed, but not frightened, even though I’ve never seen him at my gate before. I narrow my eyes and pretend I don’t care about his praise.
“What do you want,” I say, with the sharp impatience that implies he is interrupting me and I have little time to spare for him. But I am interested. He doesn’t look like the young hopefuls who want to prove themselves by winning the grand contest at the kite fair. He is not fidgeting and shuffling at my gate. He stands firm, regarding me with cautious confidence. He doesn’t stammer out his request. His voice is low and calm.
“I want to make kites. I want you to teach me.”
I raise my brow. Most villagers would never contemplate spending so much time with me. Most scuttle away from my cottage as soon as our transactions can be completed. I’m impressed by his boldness, but I won’t let him see that.
“There are kite makers in the village,” I say. “Learn from them.”
“No one makes kites like yours. I want to learn from the best.”
I control the twitch in my lips before they form a smirk. I know he’s not simply flattering me. My kites are the best. No one in the village knows the wind like I do. No human could. I shake my head.
“It isn’t possible. Go back to the village.”
“How can I persuade you? Tell me what you want. Name your price.”
He looks sincere, and I think that he is willing, possibly even capable of attempting any condition I name, but it isn’t a question of price.
I’m about to tell him that he could never learn to make kites the way I do, when a sylph drops down from the sky and hovers in the air a short distance away.
My nerves twang when I see her, and my belly lurches. She’s too close to the ground. I want to rush towards her and yell, to drive her away, but there is a human standing between us.
The man turns his head, he has noticed my distraction and he looks in the same direction as me. He stills as his attention is caught. His expression transforms from curiosity to wonder as he looks directly at the ethereal creature hovering above the trees.
He sees her! My insides rebel at the disastrous revelation. No!
   “What is that?” He takes a step towards the sylph.
She sees him coming and flaps her silver wings, retreating to a safer distance, but doesn’t fly away. She hangs above us, reflecting turquoise and ocean-blue from the sunlight glinting on her almost-translucent skin.
She is so young. It is probably her curiosity that has drawn her this close. She, like me, did not know that the man would see her.
I turn towards him, narrowing my eyes. My urge to get rid of him is stronger than before.
“Go back to the village,” I say.
He glances at me. “Don’t you see her?” He turns back to the sylph and smiles. “Don’t go,” he calls, his voice gentle.
I shudder and look up at the sylph. Her head tilts. She blinks her jewel-green eyes and gazes at the man. Her wings flutter and she sinks, floating back toward us.
“No!” I bark, startling the man and the sylph alike. She bolts, shooting up high into the air, and rides the wind away.
He turns a disappointed expression towards me. “Why did you shout like that? You frightened her.”
I don’t know how to respond. I don’t want to acknowledge the sylph’s existence to him, and yet, he saw her.
“Go back to the village. I can’t teach you how to make kites.” I turn and go into my cottage.
It’s a while before the wind lets me know that he is on his way back down the mountain.
I am working on a kite in my cottage the next day, listening to the thrilling sound of the wind and humming to myself, when the patterns change. The man is returning. I put down the kite and stare at the wall while his pattern grows larger. He arrives at my gate and jingles the chimes. I ignore them and stay in my cottage all day while he sits and waits.
He comes back every day for a week. I continue to ignore him until the day I hear him speak.
“I won’t hurt you. Come closer.”
I rush out of my cottage and fling a ball of twine into the air. It hurtles through the space between the man and the sylph, causing him to spring backwards and the sylph to shoot upwards, but she doesn’t go far before she stops and sinks back again, studying the man and me.
I stand, panting with the effort of my sudden exertion, but also with the force of my alarm. The sylph is growing bolder and the man is too persistent. I must do something. I must keep an eye on them both.
He looks at me, wary, as I straighten up and glare at him. He probably thinks I’m a madwoman.
“So, you think you can make kites as good as mine? You can’t, but if you must waste your time on a futile endeavour, I will teach you.”
The bewilderment slowly leaves his face and he smiles. I turn away from him and go towards my cottage. “Bring my twine,” I say as he starts to follow me. The sylph hovers overhead. I glare at her and she flits left and right, then does a loop in the air before flying away. The tension in my shoulders eases, but I’m certain she’ll be back, so I frown and think about what to do next.
I pick up my large woven basket and a cloth bag. I sling the cloth bag over my shoulder and go back outside. The man is waiting at my door with my ball of twine in his hand. I take it from him and give him the basket.
“What’s your name?” I ask.
“Finn Tabor.”
All my nerves twitch when he says his last name. I clamp my jaw. “Come with me,” I say. I don’t mean to sound so sharp, but I’m not used to lengthy dealings with people. They never linger to converse with me, but now I have to find a way to deal with Finn. Finn Tabor.
I stalk out of my garden and take the narrow trail beyond. It winds through rocky terrain. Boulders hug the mountainside, sheltering spindly trees, leathery flaxes and a colourful assortment of stringy grass tufts. I pull a sharp knife from my bag and hand it to Finn.
“Fill the basket with flax leaves.”
He takes the knife and follows my command. I wander among the tufts, tugging strands loose and stuffing them into my bag. We work in silence while I am consumed with thoughts of the past. Thoughts which make my teeth grind and my belly tighten. I tug on the grasses with vindictive force, venting long-stored rage on the innocent plants.
Suddenly, I’m tired and heavy. I sit down on a nearby rock and watch Finn slashing rhythmically at the base of a flax plant. The basket is almost full.
Finn cuts his last flax leaf and adds it to the basket, then hands me the knife. He picks up the basket and waits beside me without speaking. I look at him, studying his face.
He has a different quality than most of the villagers who come up the mountain. The air flows around him gently and smoothly. He is calm, where others are agitated. Their nervous energy sends vibrations into the air around them. It’s always a relief to send them on their way. I could tolerate Finn’s presence.
I sigh and push myself up off the rock. The air has stilled, and the sun has warmed. I can’t even get a boost from the wind, and my bones feel creaky again. Finn puts out his hand to help me up. Against my better judgment, I grasp his hand and let him support me on our way back to my cottage.
It has been a long time since I touched a human. His arm feels warm and solid beneath my fingers. His footsteps are steady and sure on the track. Though such density is foreign to me, there is something comforting about it.
When we arrive at the cottage I let go of Finn’s arm. I point to the clear area amongst my gadgets where I like to work. “Sit there. I will show you how to make twine and thread from the plant fibres.”
Finn does as I ask. This is how we begin. In the days that follow we develop a pattern. Finn comes to my cottage in the morning and leaves in the afternoon. In the hours between, he follows my brusque commands. We have little conversation. He watches when I show him my techniques, listens when I explain my processes, and his fingers begin to work the fibre and fabric, forming the shapes I demand from him. He learns quickly.
Three weeks go by.
It is a warm, blustery day. The wind is sending puffy white clouds scurrying overhead, hustling them over my cottage roof and beyond the mountain top. Finn and I are sitting on the grass making kites.
     It is hard for me to settle. Each gust ruffles my hair and lifts the fabric of my tunic, urging me to rise. I put down my kite and look up, stretching my arms high.
Finn’s hands still and he looks at me. He looks up, following my gaze, and we both see her at the same moment.
She is riding the wind high above us. She soars and dives, twirls and loops. She rises on the billows and floats on the puffs, she stretches her delicate limbs and bends and twists, dancing an elegant waltz with the whirling air.
My spirit is up there with her and I can’t look away. I sense Finn’s stillness beside me and I know he is captivated, too.
Her laughter reaches us, a faint tinkle of wind chime and crystal bell. Then she is gone, carried over the mountain with the scudding clouds.
I look at Finn and his dark eyes hold my gaze.
“I know you see her too,” he says. “She’s beautiful.” His voice is soft. My stomach squeezes when I look at him. I see the same longing that stirs in my soul.
“Why do you drive her away?” Finn asks. “I’m certain she can’t be dangerous.”
A different kind of energy surges through my body. A violent force that wrenches me to my feet. “She would never hurt you!” I shout. “You are the dangerous one. I drive her away to protect her, not you.” I stalk to my cottage door. “Go home. Stay away from the sylph.”
Inside my cottage, I pace the floor, trembling. There’s a gentle tap at my door. Finn’s voice calls from the other side.
“I would never hurt her,” he says.
I don’t answer for a long time. After a while he leaves, his pattern shrinking as he makes his way down the mountain. I stand still in the centre of my living room until his pattern fades away.
“You will,” I say, and my anguish echoes from the walls, dull and hollow.
Finn comes back the next day and we resume work on the kites, but we speak little. I am preoccupied with my growing certainty of disaster that I won’t be able to prevent.
 It isn’t long before a waft of cool air alerts me to the sylph’s presence. She is very close, hovering a short distance above us. My skin prickles. She is far too close.
Finn puts down his kite and reaches out to her. “Come closer,” he says, smiling.
I drop my kite and slap down his hand. “Don’t come any closer,” I warn her.
She backs up a little but remains hanging above us. “I want to see the man.”
I hear the words in the musical jingle of her voice, so much like the sound of my wind chimes. I glance at Finn. A smile spreads across his face. “Tell me your name,” he says.
My body jolts, an inward shriek, but I’m too slow to stop her.
“Wenhoyah,” she chimes, flitting her wings. She spins and drops closer.
I stand up and wave her away. “Go back to the sky.”
She bobs in the air, just out of reach, but shakes her head and laughs, refusing to leave. “I like the man,” she says.
Finn stands up. “I like you, too. Don’t go.”
Wenhoyah flies a circle above us and nods her head. “I’ll stay.”
I glare at Finn, but he ignores me. I grit my teeth. “Send her away, Finn. If you don’t want to hurt her, send her away.”
But it’s as if I’m the invisible one. Finn sits down and picks up his kite. He talks to Wenhoyah in his gentle way, and she draws slowly closer.
I pick up my kite and grip it, resting it stationary on my knees while I maintain a rigid vigilance on Wenhoyah’s movement, ready to thrust it between them if she drifts close enough to touch him.
He holds her attention for half an hour before a wave of wind rushes in and carries her upwards to the clouds. She laughs and tumbles as it plucks her away.
My muscles sag and I drop the kite. Finn watches Wenhoyah disappear and his shoulders droop. I see his disappointment but it elicits no sympathy from me. I hope the wind holds Wenhoyah captive for the rest of the season. For the first time ever, I wish the season would end soon.
But the wind is whimsical and fickle, it releases Wenhoyah within the hour. She returns to my cottage, but thankfully, Finn has gone home for the day.
I am sitting on a stone bench among my windmills when she flutters to the treeline and peers into my garden.
“You must stop coming here.” I say. “Go back to the sky world.”
She flips into a somersault, crosses her arms and pouts. “I will come here if I want to.”
I get to my feet. “I know you will.” I pause. “Take a good look at me. Do you want to end up like this?”
She stares at me, her green eyes unblinking. She flits left and right.
“I know you are drawn to Finn, like the rain is drawn to the earth. I was drawn to a man once, too. He saw me, the way Finn sees you. I came to him, and I learned that once you put your feet on the earth, you can never go back to the sky.”
She flits up and down, her wings buzzing. Cool air wafts towards me. The wind begins to blow, lifting my hair, and lifting her higher. She looks down at me as she rises, and then she flaps her wings and flies away.
She returns again in the late afternoon. I see her floating outside my window and I go out to see what she wants.
“Where is your man now?” she asks.
A great weariness drags at my body and I look down at my toes, nestled in the grass beneath my feet. It almost looks like I’m sinking into the ground. I look back at Wenhoyah, bobbing like one of Jamel’s balloons, the rays of sun near the horizon picking up the faint luminescence of her skin and glowing around her like a halo. It’s both joy and agony to look at her.
“He left me on the mountain and went back to his village a long time ago.”
“And you wish you could return to the sky.” Her eyes look bright in the evening light, glistening like polished gemstones.
“Don’t be sad for me, Wenhoyah, just don’t let my fate be yours.”
Her head tilts to one side. She blinks once as she stares at me, hanging in the air for a moment. Then her wings beat faster and she rises to catch the high air current and lets it carry her away.
If she heeds my words she won’t be back, but I’m still sad to see her go.
It is early the next morning and the cottage is quiet. The air is calm. I go outside and look at the sky. Wind season will soon be over and I will feel like an old woman again. I am the only moving thing in my garden. My windmills have stopped spinning and my colourful flags fall limp against their stands. I don’t feel like working, so I sit on my stone bench and let the morning sunlight warm me.
Wenhoyah does not return today and neither does Finn. I spend the day alone and it no longer seems normal. I’ve grown used to Finn’s company. Though alarming, Wenhoyah’s visits have brought excitement to my days.
I decide it is time to clear up the clutter in my living room. Finn and I have made enough kites to satisfy customers for many weeks. He has become a competent kite maker, and will probably soon go back to his own life in the village. I must get used to being alone again.
I don’t hurry with my task and it takes me several days, but when I am finished I have space. I wanted it, but it doesn’t make me feel better. The room encloses me like a hollow cage.
I go outside into the garden. The wind has picked up again and my windmills are spinning, but the energy of the wind has lessened. The flap of my flags is sporadic, an occasional crack and flutter, not the constant rhythmic beat of before.
Energy is seeping from my limbs. Even my wild hair is sagging.
Another week passes and I do not see another soul. The wind has freshened and a good gust is blowing, but it fails to raise my spirit, which has sunk deep into my belly. It’s a struggle to lift my limbs to the wind and dance.
I am thinking about taking my basket to collect some tree bark when the patterns in the wind change. Finn is coming up the mountain track.
An intense rush of heat bursts inside me and I clench my fists. Pressure builds inside my head. What does he want? I sit and grind my teeth as he gets closer and closer.
He comes to my gate and hesitates. Perhaps he knows that it was harsh to abandon me without a word of thanks. If he wants more from me I will send him packing!
“Boreas,” he begins, “I’m sorry I have not come to you for many days, but I have been working on an important project.”
This intrigues me, but I’m still trembling with the effort to contain the hostile force inside me. I want to unleash it on him, not forgive him. I sit rigid, and glare at him.
“What do I care what you’ve been up to,” I say, my voice leaden and cold.
“I hope you will care,” he says, “because it is a gift for you.” He smiles with warmth in his eyes.
This startles me and my roiling rage is shunted aside. Not gone, it flames away beside me set to return in an instant, but I am ready for Finn’s surprise to be revealed.
I stare at him and wait.
He points up into the sky. “Look there.”
There is a dark shape in the distance moving towards us. As it gets closer it begins to look like a kite, a very large one. But how is it moving through the air? I keep my eyes focused on it and see silver threads extending out from above and below the kite.
I rock back on the stone bench and my mouth drops open. Three sylphs are pulling the kite, one pulling from below and the other two above, holding it suspended from the silver threads.
I gape at Finn and he grins.
“A giant kite?” I say. “What for?”
Finn opens the gate and comes into my garden. He sits beside me on the bench. “Wait and see.”
We both look back towards the kite.
Soon, it is overhead, casting a shadow across my garden. Now it is close enough for me to see a large woven basket hanging below the kite.
Wenhoyah is the lead sylph, she dangles the silver kite string into the garden, and Finn catches hold of it and pulls. The basket lowers to the ground.
I examine the massive kite and see that it is segmented; several silver ropes and poles are attached to flaps that move. There are harness straps hanging below the largest section, and a long horizontal pole is secured on a frame in front of the harnesses.
I turn to Finn, awed, and the flames of my anger are extinguished. Finn and Wenhoyah did this for me?
“We built a kite to take you to the sky,” Finn says. “Do you want to try it out?”
I do. With Finn’s assistance, I scramble into the basket and he joins me. He pulls the rope, raising the basket to the harnesses and he secures me into one of them, before attaching the other around his own body.
“Hold onto the pole,” Finn says, then he pulls another rope and our feet are lifted off the basket, laying us horizontally below the kite.
“Let’s go,” Finn calls to the sylphs, and the two above us haul the kite into the air. Wenhoyah tugs from the front, pointing the nose of the kite into the wind.
The wind lifts us and the kite soars. Finn tugs on the ropes attached to the flaps, adjusting them, like sails on a sea vessel. The sylphs fly along with us, holding the ropes in case they need to guide us, but the kite is strong and well-designed, it floats on the air currents as if it belongs there.
The kite rises and dips, riding the wind, and my hair whips around my head. Tears stream down my face, but my smile is wider than it has ever been. I am in the sky. For the first time in years, light and free.
We ride the wind over the mountain top and glide high above green fields. We follow the air flow all the way to the sparkling blue ocean. We circle and circle again, rising with the warm air currents and descending with the squawking sea birds.
When the sun begins to lower towards the far horizon, and the breeze shifts, we turn the kite around and fly back home to my garden.
When my feet touch the earth again, I’m not sad. My body zings with the thrill of our flight. The sylphs drop the kite gently to the ground and hover for a moment to wave goodbye.
“Thank you,” I call as they shoot skyward and into the clouds. I watch their silver shimmers disappearing into the distance.
I turn to Finn, who has dismantled the kite and folded the pieces neatly.
“Finn,” I say, but I falter. I don’t know how to express my joy, my gratitude.
“It was my honour,” he says. “I will see you tomorrow.”
He heads down the mountain, the wind at his back.
It is mid-morning before the wind brings me the shape of two people walking up the mountain. One of them is Finn, the other is a woman.
My heart thumps and my stomach goes into turmoil as I go to the door and look toward the track. They soon emerge from the trees and come to my gate. Immobile, I stare at them from my doorway as Finn takes the woman’s hand and they enter my garden. She smiles at me. Her eyes are still jewel-green but her body is solid. Her delicate translucency replaced by opaque cream and flush pink. Her wings are gone.
I look at her and then at Finn. “What did you do?” I say, but my voice fades.
Wenhoyah takes my hand. “Don’t be sad,” she says. “I chose to put my feet down on the earth.”
Finn puts his arm around Wenhoyah’s shoulders. “I promise, I won’t abandon her. I love her.”
I can do nothing but nod, and hope. The wind sighs around us, the last surrender of wind season. My released breath echoes it.
My cottage beams creak, and dust filters down from above. Air whistles through the window cracks. Energy surges through my body. I smile.
A squeal issues from the room next door. “Finn, wake up. Wind season is beginning.” The sound of Wen’s light footsteps pad across the room. I get out of bed and throw on a floaty robe. I stand in the doorway of my bedroom and watch Wen twirl and dance in our living room. I think about joining her, but Finn emerges from their bedroom and watches her, too, with adoration, before he catches sight of me and smiles.
We have much work to do, to prepare for the customers who will arrive today. Light and warmth radiate through me, but this surge does not come from the wind. It flows through me always now.
If you love these stories find future issues here and consider leaving a review at the retail site where you purchased/downloaded it.
