



THE DRAGON WARRIOR AND THE PRINCESS

Celesta Thiessen



Second Edition



Copyright 2018 Celesta Thiessen




 


This book is dedicated to my wonderful, loving husband, Leo, who is nothing like the Dragon Warrior. I’m the wild/crazy one like that. I’m forever thankful to God for giving me Leo, who has become a great source of comfort and wisdom. Thank you for being there for me, Leo. Thank you for believing in me and encouraging me and for saving me from myself sometimes. I love you.



Chapter 1 – Things Would Be Different
Aurelia
She awoke with a start, the smell of decay heavy in the air. Where was she? Aurelia strained her eyes but saw only darkness. She lay on and amongst objects, hard and soft, and there was a wetness - a terrible, foul wetness. Then it all came flooding back to her.
Some of their servants and guards had betrayed them. Her father was dead. 
It had been Paiden, her father’s political rival. The man had no honor! She clenched her fists as she recalled what had happened. He had instigated the decimation of the Layaz Dragon Warriors. Over 7000 of their specialty warriors were killed – all of them. It had been genocide. Not a single Layaz Warrior remained. That move had cleared the way for Paiden to seize control of the World.
Aurelia flung objects away and sat up, pulling her knees to her chest as she realized where she was. The waste disposal ship. This was meant to be her death sentence. She felt around for her father’s body. In the darkness she felt the fine fabric of his suit. Tracing down his arm she felt the cold flesh of his hand. Shuddering, she searched his fingers. Yes, it was still there. The royal signet ring. She pulled it from is stiff index finger and jammed it on her thumb. Paiden would not rule her World. She was the rightful queen and would take back the throne.
Suddenly, a grinding sound echoed around her. The compacting cycle! She stood but the slow crushing never came. Instead, garbage shifted beneath her. She was falling! Aurelia saw daylight, felt ice-cold air whipping past her. The waste was being emptied onto the planet’s surface! She braced herself for impact but unconsciousness took her before she reached the ground.

Layaz Warrior 
He shielded his unnatural blue eyes with his hand as he looked up into the white sky. The waste disposal ship had arrived. Garbage fell from the ship onto the surface of the planet. He would go and see; he would search through the refuse as he had done each time a ship had come. Perhaps there would be more of his kin. Maybe some of them would survive, as he had. Even if there were only more corpses…he had to know. The longing he had always carried with him for family…now that he was alone, it was stronger than ever before.
The Layaz Warrior set off at a fast run through the rubbish and the snow. Freezing wind flowed through hair as white as the snow but he did not feel cold. Though he wore little more than rags, the temperature felt good to him. His feet never slipped on the ice, and his long strides carried him quickly over the miles to where the ship had deposited its load.
The pile was as yet untouched by ice or snow. He saw many items that could prove useful. Then he saw a body. He tugged it free. The man was facedown. There was dried blood on his clothing. No spark of life in him. Besides, the man had brown hair. This man was no kin to him. All the Layaz had white hair. It was just a corpse, disposed of on the waste world of Quisquiliae. 
Then he saw a woman’s hand. He reached out. The hand was still warm! She’s alive! Carefully, he pushed objects away and pulled her free of the garbage. She wore a pink silk dress stained with dried, brown-red blood. As he rolled the woman onto her back, her golden hair fell away from her face. His breath caught in his throat. No. It couldn’t be. Her ears had five tips. Five tips meant that she was royal! Was this the princess? He turned the dead man over and looked into the blood-splattered face of his king.
Carefully, he knelt beside the woman. It was death to touch the princess unbidden, that was the law… but surely he was required to save her? As a slave-soldier to the royal family, he had to honor and obey them. She would ask for his help if she could – wouldn’t she? The princess would freeze to death if he left her exposed to the elements of this harsh planet. He observed her pale face as snow slowly began to fall. But why was she here? What had happened on their World? He stood and looked down at her. But did it matter? He was supposed to be dead. Didn’t his death sentence free him from servitude? I’m not a slave any longer…am I? I could walk away.
Then, reaching a decision, he crouched and scooped her up into his arms. No. He had to follow his own code of honor. It was the only way he could live with himself, the only way to combat the ever-present knowledge of what he was and what he’d done. His personal code was to obey his masters, when they were aware of his business and when they were not, and to protect the innocents who could not help themselves, whenever it was possible. No matter how he felt about her family, he couldn’t let the princess die.

Aurelia
Aurelia felt jarring movement. Pain. Cold. Wind. She was on the planet, Quisquiliae! Aurelia opened her eyes. She was being carried! In panic, she looked down to her hand. The royal signet ring was still there on her thumb, the large garnet sparkling in the bright light. Aurelia looked up into the face of her rescuer. Relief welled up within her. She noticed right away the strange eyes and hair that marked him as a Layaz Warrior. During the brightness of this planet’s daylight, his pupils were little more than vertical slits of black on a canvas of surreal blue. His eyes were like those of a cat. He was one of the special slave-warriors who had served her family! She was going to be all right, after all. He would have to take care of her. The warrior’s eyes flicked towards hers for a moment and then away again. His rapid footfalls never faltered nor did he speak. The pain in her legs increased, and Princess Aurelia let unconsciousness claim her.

Layaz Warrior 
He put the woman down on a mattress in the place he had made for himself. Constructed from garbage and ice, the small hut was his home, a shelter from the ever-falling snow. Kneeling beside her, he watched her face. The princess didn’t wake up. She must be injured. Hesitantly, he touched her forehead. The skin beneath his fingertips was cold - too cold. He snatched up a thick blanket that he used for sitting on and spread it carefully over her. She stirred. Suddenly, her blue eyes were open… looking right at him! The Layaz Warrior bowed low to the ground and averted his gaze as he had been taught. The woman murmured something. He shuffled closer and bent his head near to her mouth to catch the words.
“I’m cold.”
“It is always very cold here, Your Highness.”
“Let your heat warm me.” 
She reached out and grasped his wrist. Her motion shocked him and, for a moment, he had to struggle to control the beast inside. The princess pulled him towards her. He tried to relax as he let her draw him closer. She slid away from him on the mattress with a gasp of pain. Then she released him and pulled back the blanket. 
“Lie down,” she commanded.
The warrior obeyed. He lay rigidly on his back beside her, staring up at the ceiling, a tumult of emotions roiling inside. Desperately, he fought to retain control and tried to banish his anger at the royals. Maybe she wasn’t like the others. He felt her shift nearer to him, her cool body touching his. Thoughts of running through the snow and icy wind calmed him. He tried not to think of her. The warrior recalled the weeks he had spent alone on the planet. Though he missed his kin, the other Layaz Warriors, there had been peace on Quisquiliae. A quiet peace he had never known before. Why was she here? Now, everything would be different. Now, it seemed he was a slave once more to the royal family. The family that had used and abused the Layaz for centuries. The family that had allowed all his kin to be put to death.

Aurelia
When Aurelia awoke, she was warm but pain radiated from her left leg. Her eyelids fluttered open. The ceiling was composed of metal beams and ice. She turned her head and saw the Layaz Warrior, still lying beside her. His eyes were closed. His white hair had fallen away from his face and she could see his ear. He had two ear tips. Two ear tips usually denoted a person of the dirt caste – the lowest class on the World. But he was much more dangerous than that - a genetically engineered-slave warrior. What had she done, pulling that creature into the bed with her? But…he seemed safe enough. Their education was very thorough. Only the most fit, intelligent, and obedient survived the years of training. Surely he would be loyal to her? 
“Thank you. I am warm now.”
Immediately, he rolled away, freeing himself from the blanket. He crouched beside the mattress, his eyes to the ground.
“My leg,” said Aurelia, “it hurts…I think it may be broken.”
“I am not trained in the art of healing, Your Highness.”
“Nor am I. Let’s take a look at it.”
Aurelia flipped the blanket aside and pulled up her dress to reveal a bruised and swollen leg. The warrior just stared, as though he had never seen a leg before.
“Well, it looks straight,” she said, inspecting the injured limb herself. “I suppose time will tell,” she said finally. “I’ll wait until the swelling goes down and then I’ll see if I can walk on it.”
Still the Layaz Warrior said nothing.
“Do you have anything to eat?” she asked him.
“Yes, Highness. Fish.” He rose and walked out of the small dwelling. A large flap of rubber swung back into place as he disappeared. He returned several minutes later with something in his hands. He knelt and presented her with two large fish. Whole fish. Fins and eyes and all.
Aurelia reached out a finger and touched one.
“They’re frozen.”
“Yes,” he replied. “They taste very good.”
“Can you cook one for me?”
“Yes, of course.” He rose swiftly, bowed, and went outside again.
Only minutes later, the Layaz Warrior returned. He knelt and presented the whole fish again, now scorched black.
“Disgusting!” The word was out of her mouth faster than thought.
“Forgive me, Highness; I don’t understand your ways of cooking and eating.”
Aurelia chose her next words more carefully. 
“Do you have something I could eat it on? Like a plate? And something I could eat with? A fork and knife would be fantastic. I’m famished.”
The warrior just looked at her, as though he could find a plate in her face!
“I have no…plate.”
“Any flat, clean, portable surface then? There must be something in here that you could put the fish on.” Aurelia twisted on the bed to survey the room. 
The warrior wandered off, inspecting the piles of debris lying around the room.
“Will this do?” he said as he returned, carrying the fish on a shiny sheet of metal. 
“Yes, thank you.” She reached for it and set the tray on her lap.
“A fork and knife?”
“I have a knife.” The Layaz Warrior pulled a long and lethal blade from a sheath at his right hip.
Aurelia suppressed an emotional reaction. At least the knife was clean. She reached for it.
“Thank you.” 
He carefully handed her the knife, hilt first. 
Aurelia awkwardly cut the head from the fish. I will eat even this. I am so hungry. Then she noticed the Layaz Warrior. He stood to the side, head bowed.
“I give you my leave,” she said curtly.

Layaz Warrior
Finally dismissed! No sooner was Princess Aurelia awake than she had started ordering him about. His freedom had come with the death of all his kin and kind. And now he was a slave all over again! His face burned and he felt the all too familiar rage boiling to the surface. He ran hard, away from her, towards the ocean. As he ran, he felt the change coming. He burned, a fire exploding within him. A burst of blue flame obscured his vision. A primal sound tore from his throat. Landing on all fours, he loped towards the ocean. A dragon.
***
The warrior opened his eyes to find himself deep under the surface of the water, near the ocean floor. Light played upon the sand, filtering down through the ice-cold, clear water. His belly was uncomfortably full. The dragon had hunted. He called to mind where he had been just before it happened. He had been far from Princess Aurelia. Only fish filled his stomach.
He swam for air and broke the surface with a gasp. The warrior found himself in the freshwater ocean, some distance from shore. The beauty of the scene caused an ache in his heart. The waves frothed white in the strong wind. Dazzling snow covered the land beyond, and large flakes drifted from a pure white sky. Sunlight reflected, from the water and snow, with a brilliance unmatched anywhere on their World.
The warrior dove beneath the waves. With powerful strokes, he pulled himself through the water, reveling in the light and the coolness and the freedom.

Aurelia
She threw the tray, now holding the entrails, bones, and scales, to the side. Her hands were filthy. She looked around hopefully for somewhere to wipe them and finally selected a fairly clean spot on her dress. It had been one of her favorites. But now, tattered and blood stained, it was only a reminder of her father’s death. She would be rid of it just as soon as possible. She heard a sound at the door. Was it her warrior? But it was a small, scratching noise. An animal? The heavy rubber mat that hung in the doorway shifted slightly. Something small and dark entered the shelter…a cat!
Aurelia made kissing noises to the animal.
“Here, kitty.”
It was very scrawny. The poor thing must be starving! The scent of cooked fish must have lured the animal out of hiding.
“You can have some.” She reached for the tray and shifted it a little towards the cat.
Slowly it approached, meowing pitifully. The cat was completely black, apart from four white feet and a streak of white on the bridge of its nose. As it sniffed the remnants of the fish, the cat came close enough to touch. Tentatively, Aurelia stroked its soft fur. The cat leaned down and licked up the fish remains, purring vigorously.
“You’re a pretty kitty,” she cooed. “A pretty girl. Who would throw you out?”
Where was her warrior anyway? What was he doing outside so long?
“Layaz Warrior?” she called. No answer.
Aurelia sighed and stroked the cat. At least she wasn’t alone. It would only be a matter of time until she and her Layaz Warrior found a way off this planet and back home. Then she would take her rightful place as Queen.
When the cat had licked her fill, she stepped onto the mattress and looked at Aurelia expectantly. Aurelia lifted the blanket and patted the mattress beside her. The cat understood the invitation and settled in beside the princess. Aurelia pulled the blanket back up over them both. The room was getting darker. Less light was coming in through the ice. Night must be approaching. The throbbing in her leg was diminishing. She thought she could probably sleep, especially with the comfort of the small animal purring beside her. Aurelia closed her eyes and let sleep take her. She was not afraid. Tomorrow would be a better day.

Layaz Warrior
Darkness had fallen as the warrior gathered the supplies they would need. But it didn’t matter. He could see as clearly in the dark as in the day. Layaz had great night vision. It was his eyes that indicated his ancestry. Wherever he went, people knew what he was…and feared him. 
He paused to consider. Was he the last of his kind? There had been so many bodies. So many. He had burned them. All that he found. To honor them…and so he would not have to walk through their frozen forms, past unseeing eyes, for the rest of his days. If he was the last, it might mean that the Layaz line would end. Or perhaps it already had when their DNA had been altered. But he wanted to know if he were the last Layaz Warrior. He would ask the princess. She would know.
He flung the heavy pack over his shoulders. This trip to his den was his third one. He would make as many trips as needed. The warrior wanted to be prepared - to have the things Princess Aurelia would need. If he was to work for her now, he wanted to succeed. To feel angry about what had happened in the past…that was a foolish waste of time and energy. He would live in the present and look to the future.
After the sixth trip, the Layaz Warrior was tired. He had found another mattress in the rubble. Silently, he held open the door flap and lay the mattress just inside the small structure. Then he entered and lay down, letting the flap fall closed behind him. The warrior looked to where the princess lay, across the room. Her chest rose and fell in a slow, steady rhythm. She wasn’t badly injured. She would be alright. Her deep breaths sounded loud, compared with the usual stillness of the place, but somehow…peaceful.

Aurelia
It was a royal outpost, high in the mountains. Seven large, golden dragon statutes perched atop a decorative stone archway. A thick, stone wall enclosed a small area. Inside the enclosure, along the walls, were stately homes where the masters lived, and the guest home where Aurelia was staying. The courtyard was cobblestone, and a fountain of clear water sprayed up from the center, cascading into a decorative stone pool, the sides of which were etched with the likenesses of dragons. Outside, on the snowy slopes of the mountains, stood herds of wild mountain goats and other animals. This wilderness was a perfect initial training ground. 
Just beyond the fortress walls were many pens, each marked by a crude wooden fence. In each pen were 20 boys with blue eyes. Boys that would become Layaz Warriors.
“Why are they kept like animals?” she asked a master.
“Because they are animals.”
She had been instructed not to go near them. Even though she was only a young teen, she was the princess. So she would do as she pleased. 
Passing under the archway of golden dragons, she made her way to the nearest corral. She blinked back tears as she looked over the fence at the children. They were so small.
“How old are you?” she asked the nearest child.
“Four,” he replied. He looked up at her with cat-like eyes. The boy was dirty, his clothing tattered. He looked to her with trust and need.
She gathered her skirts and awkwardly climbed the fence to land beside him in the yard.
A faint smile passed across the child’s face. The other boys came and looked at her; they didn’t press close but stood at a respectful distance, as if waiting for instructions.
She looked over the pale faces. The hair, the eyes - all the same. It made sense since they were all brothers…well, half-brothers. Her eyes returned to the boy nearest her.
“How long have you been here?” 
“Three months,” he replied, solemnly. 
“And…do you like it here?”
The boy’s eyes flicked towards the fortress and then back to her.
“I won’t tell anyone,” she assured him.
“I’ve been afraid,” he whispered. “We all have.” He looked to the other boys, who nodded.
“The cougars, we don’t have to worry about them much anymore. After we ran them off a few times, they understood - we aren’t prey. But the grizzly bears…one of us was killed a few days ago. The bears are very strong and fast. Our brother didn’t even have a chance to change. Then he was dead. And…” The boy looked down in shame.
“What?” she prompted.
“We were so surprised and frightened. And we’re not very big yet…The bear got away. We should have killed it but we let it get away.”
Later, as Aurelia looked around her room in the guesthouse, she felt anger well up within her. They could all sleep here, she fumed. Where they would not be in danger and afraid. There was plenty of room. She could take care of them.
But Aurelia knew better than to speak to the masters or even her father about it. If anyone found out what they had said, the boys would be punished. She had seen that type of brutal discipline before. 
Seated on the edge of her bed in the large, ornate room, Aurelia balled her fists and cried. Things would be different when she was queen. 
Aurelia awoke to the gray light of early dawn with these thoughts from the past in her mind. She had been dreaming of a place that she had seen as a youth. She looked towards the entrance and saw the Layaz Warrior lying there, asleep. He is not an animal, she reminded herself. Yes, things would be different. 
Chapter 2 – Dragon’s Tears
Layaz Warrior
“What’s this? Dinner?”
Princess Aurelia woke and sat up quickly.
“What?”
“This animal.” He held the small, black predator up for her to see. The thing made a quiet noise from its mouth. “Shall I cook it for you?”
“No!” The princess was careening across the room towards him.
She pulled at his wrist and fingers. He allowed her to pull the animal free.
“This is my cat.” She clutched the animal to her chest. “You are not to harm it.”
“What value does it have?” asked the warrior. “We should eat it.”
“No!”
“Your leg must be feeling better.”
“A little,” she admitted.
“I will probably eat it anyway.”
“No!” And with a quickness that startled him, the princess hit his face. The sting on his cheek surprised him. Then she dropped the cat and clutched his forearms. “You will do no such thing. I am Princess Aurelia and I will say what will happen.”
No one had hit him in many years. He felt the fire roiling within him. 
“Let me go and move away from me,” he pleaded. His skin burned hot.
The princess’ pale blue eyes and mouth grew wide in surprise. She released him. The warrior saw fire…and then…nothing. 
When the warrior came to, he heard only silence. He was still in his den. The warrior rolled to standing and looked around the small enclosure. Empty! What had he done? Frantically, he tried to search his memory for what had happened but there was nothing. He never knew what the dragon had done. He could never remember. Lowering himself to sit on the mattress, he looked at his hands. He was a killer. Perhaps it was right and good that the Layaz Dragon Warriors were almost extinct. How could he ever live with himself now? How would he ever find peace again? He lay down on the mattress as despair washed over him.
It was only early dawn and he had been awake much of the night. The fatigue from the change and the hopelessness made his eyelids heavy. The Dragon Warrior slept. Mid-morning, when the warrior awoke again, he was hungry. His mind set on fish, he pushed the door flap aside. The bright sunlight sparkled off the snow like a million diamonds. He had only taken one step in the direction of the ocean when he saw it. Princess-sized footsteps in the snow! He cursed himself. How stupid he had been! He had not felt full enough to have…
The Layaz Warrior set off at a run, following the footprints. The princess would become too cold, improperly dressed for the planet’s climate. It was an hour later that he found her, shivering on the icy ground, the black animal in her lap.
She looked up at him, fear in her eyes as he approached.
The warrior flung himself down beside her on the ice. He bowed his head.
“Forgive me, Your Highness. I did not think before I spoke. I was disrespectful. You had every right to discipline me. Only…it surprised me and then I could not control the change.”
She made no sound. He dared to look up at her. Tears were streaming down her face. 
“I will not harm you or the small animal. Please allow me to take you back to the shelter where you can get warm. “
She nodded.
“Shall I carry you or are you able to walk?”
“I’m so cold, so cold.” She leaned towards him.
Gently, he lifted her in his arms and carried her back towards his den. He walked briskly. The princess had her eyes closed but her breathing told him she wasn’t asleep. The cat, however, was content to sleep on her stomach. He must be careful to respect and protect her. He knew what he had to do.

Aurelia
He laid her down on the mattress and pulled the blanket over her shivering body. He knelt beside the bed, looking down at her.
“You said you won’t hurt me. But you couldn’t control the change.”
“There is a way to make sure. Lie still, Highness.”
He looked away from her and his face became sad. Tears filled his cat-like eyes as waves of anguish washed over his face. Then he leaned towards her. Aurelia fought inwardly not to move. What was he doing? She would not be afraid. He leaned closer, looking at her now. Then he put one hand down on the far side of her head to hold his weight. His face was so close to hers. With his other hand, the warrior gently held her face as he closed his eyes.
Aurelia blinked in surprise, as tears fell from his eyes into hers. Swiftly, he pulled his hands away and stood. 
“Now you are safe from the beast.”
The Layaz Warrior stood uncertainly, looking down at her.
“Thank you,” she said finally. “I’m so cold…Would you lie with me again?”
The warrior nodded his assent. She shifted over to make room for him. Stiffly, he lay down on the mattress beside her. She covered them both with the blanket. He had said that he was sorry…that she was right. But she had acted rashly and had been harsh. He was more than just a well-trained warrior. The look in his face when he had carried her back to the shelter… He was a good man.
“Thank you,” she murmured. Already, Aurelia felt the blessed heat radiating from him. She felt the cat’s purring on one side and her warrior’s breathing on the other. And there was a strange warmth in her eyes and on her face where the tears had fallen. Strange but not unpleasant. And there was a warmth in her heart as well. Perhaps this is what peace feels like.

Layaz Warrior
Perhaps this is what peace feels like. The Princess had not been angry with him. She had not punished him as he deserved. And she had asked that he warm her, asked - not commanded. He had given her absolute control over him with the dragon’s tears but she had not been cruel or demanding. Perhaps she was not what he had thought she was. What would the future hold for them, alone together on this planet? Perhaps it would not be so terrible as he had supposed.
He stared up at the ice and metal ceiling, keenly aware of her presence at his side. The princess’ shivering stopped. Her breathing slowed and deepened. She sighed in her sleep. Perhaps the princess was dreaming of happier times.
He thought back in his own life, searching for happy memories. His mind landed on one from very early in his childhood, before he began the training. He had lived with his mother and his grandparents in a small house, high in the cool mountains. Memories of a small wooden-framed bed with a feather-stuffed mattress came back to him. He had his own room in those days. He had been loved. His mother had called him Sebastian. But when the training began, they told him he had no name. He was only a Layaz Warrior. 
From her breathing, he could tell that she was waking up. She shifted and then spoke.
“What you did to me, crying on me, what was that?”
“I gave you the protection of dragon tears. Now, when I change into the beast, your eyes will glow yellow. The dragon will recognize you as a friend and will not harm you.”
“Really? How does that work?”
“I believe it permanently changes the chemical composition of the rod cells in your eyes. They will now emit a phosphorescence in response to the energy produced by a dragon. A low level energy is constantly emitted when I am the dragon. The change in your eye cells will be maintained as your cells slowly replace themselves because the change occurs at the genetic level.”
“But it won’t do anything else? I won’t…”
“It won’t affect you in any other way. The masters all had us do that to them before training. So we couldn’t fight back.”
The princess didn’t speak for a few moments.
“How soon do you think we’ll be able to leave?” she asked.
“What?”
The princess spoke again, “How soon do you think we’ll be able to get back to our World?”
The Layaz Warrior turned his head a little so he could look at her. She was looking at him with the hint of a smile on her face.
“What?”
“We need to get home, to our World,” she said slowly, as if talking with a child. “I need to go back to my people. How soon will we be able to do that?”
“I don’t know.” He had never even considered it. Go back? Never!
“You’re a Layaz Warrior. I know you must be intelligent and resourceful as well as strong. Surely there must be a way.”
“It would be difficult to get inside…but it might be possible to ride the waste disposal ships back.” Why was he telling her? He didn’t want that!
“Excellent. We will begin working on that plan immediately.”
“Would it be alright if I remain here, Highness, if I arrange a way for you to get back?”
“No! Of course not!” She leaned up on her elbows in the bed and looked at him. “I need you.”
“Yes, Highness.” He turned his eyes to the ceiling. He would lose all he had gained. Freedom would be gone. He would have to kill again. But…she needed him.
“I really do need you,” she said quietly, settling back down and leaning her head against his shoulder. “I’m the last of the royal family.”
So, she was the last. The Layaz Warrior determined that he would accept his fate. 
“I will help you, Princess.” To do one’s duty was honorable. He would choose the road of honor. Freedom bought at the price of honor…was no freedom at all.
“Thank you, Warrior.”
“Am I the last Layaz Dragon Warrior?”
“Yes…but I will help you too. We will help each other.”
The warrior meant to leave the thoughts then, but his childhood memories continued to play. They had lived in a region where the ground had never been leveled to build roads. There, the only road simply followed the shape of the land. The road to his house went up so steeply and so high, it was as though it went straight up into the sky, or that is how it had looked to him when he was a small boy. 
He remembered sitting in the greenhouse with his grandfather. They were working in the garden there. The light outside faded to black as the old man showed him how to feel in the dirt and the water for the seeds dropped by the plants. They must all be planted properly in the dark soil so nothing would be lost. The greenhouse had been their only source of food. He had felt such excitement with each seed he found, while his grandfather smiled and nodded. 
“I’m hungry,” the princess announced, breaking the spell.

Aurelia
“And after lunch, we ought to begin immediately.” 
This warrior seemed content to lie around and do nothing. But she needed to get home! He lay on his back, beside her, on the mattress, with his eyes to the ceiling.
“Begin immediately?” he echoed. He didn’t look at her and made no move to get up.
“Yes, begin working on whatever we need to do to get off this planet.” 
Perhaps this one had been brain damaged. How could the Layaz Warrior possibly be so slow? Or was he only pretending that he did not understand what she wanted?
“Shall I find us lunch, then?” he asked rolling way from her and onto his feet.
“Yes. I do like fish.”
“Very well.”
The Layaz Warriors had been in service to the royal family for hundreds of years. At one time in their history, Layaz Warriors were produced through a process of cloning. But simply using artificial insemination with carefully chosen, willing subjects was less expensive, and the dragon genes had proved to be dominant. Lab technicians ensured male offspring were produced, through a well-understood method of gamete cell separation based on weight. The process had been developed for use with domestic herds, to control the ratio of male to female animals. Female breeding subjects were chosen from the dirt caste based on strength and intelligence. Now, all that careful breeding had been lost. Aurelia sighed. Hopefully, this Layaz Warrior would prove acceptable stock. She needed the Layaz Warriors. How else would she bring her World to its knees, in submission to her, its rightful queen?
She toyed with the royal signet ring on her thumb while she waited for him to return. It was fortunate Paiden had not taken the ring from her father. The ring would secure her claim to the throne and would be a gift to her future husband, the man who would be king.

Layaz Warrior
Outside the dwelling, the Layaz Warrior sorted through the piles of supplies he had collected. The princess would need suitable clothing for the surface of the planet. And it should be clean. He pulled out the pieces of clothing that he had gathered the night before: pants, a sweater, and a big coat. He had found no shoes or boots. And the delicate footwear she had arrived with – it just wouldn’t do. He selected additional clothing items that he would rip into strips to wrap around her feet. A thick layer of cloth would keep out the cold of the ice and snow.
He placed the items in a cloth sack. Then the warrior set off at a run, towards the ocean. The princess should not be kept waiting. On reaching the shoreline, he set the clothing loose in the water. He scrubbed each item in turn and rubbed them fiercely against the ice. She would not have the finery she was used to but she would have the best he could give - something warm and clean. 
The frigid water, only slightly above freezing, felt good on his skin. When he had washed the items of clothing and worked out every stain, he dropped them into a pile and turned his attention to the hunt. The Layaz Warrior did not let the beast emerge. He didn’t want to lose control. Diving beneath the water, dragging the large, empty sack with him, he marveled again at the silence and the beauty. Small bubbles, from air that had been trapped in his tattered clothing, drifted up all around him. The bubbles swirled and caught the light as they made their slow, upward journey. The warrior swam to a reedy area where he frequently found fish. It was an easy catch. With five large fish now in the bag, he pushed hard off the ocean floor towards the surface.

Aurelia
What was taking him so long?
The Layaz Warrior entered, carrying a scorched fish on the same metal tray. Eyes downcast, he held the tray out to her.
“I’m sorry it took so long, Highness.”
She lifted the tray out of his hands and placed it on her lap. Then, in a swift motion that startled her, the warrior drew his knife and presented it for her use, handle towards her.
“Thank you.” Suddenly feeling awkward, she took care not to touch his hand as she gingerly took the knife from him.
He knelt beside her, eyes averted, as she tried to make the best of the blackened fish.
“Have you eaten?” she asked him.
“Yes, Highness. I ate two fish as I ran back from the ocean.”
“Raw?”
“Yes, Highness. I always eat my food raw.”
Aurelia pushed that thought away as she tried to imagine the fish on the tray before her as a foreign delicacy. She would need to eat to regain her strength.
“I don’t like killing.”
Aurelia looked up at him in surprise. He still knelt beside her bed, cat-like eyes to the floor. 
“You don’t like killing?”
“No.”
“But…that’s what you were made for. A warrior.”
The Layaz Warrior looked up at her then, as he spoke, “I don’t mind so much when I’m the dragon because I don’t remember it but, even then, the knowledge of what I have done torments me. And when I am forced to kill as a man…it troubles me greatly. Especially when I am compelled to do what I know is not right.”
He held her gaze as if he expected an answer. But what could she say? Of course, he would have to kill. He must fight for her!
But the weight of his gaze weakened her resolve. He looked…sad. The warrior reminded her of the dragon-eyed child she had seen outside the mountain fortress training facility so many years ago. She looked away from him, sorrow creeping into her heart. What can I say?
She looked back to him and, still, he stared at her.
“I’m sorry,” Aurelia stammered. “I’m sorry you were made to do what you felt to be wrong.”
She wasn’t certain but she thought a change came to his face and, perhaps, a ghost of a smile to his lips. But sorrow still panged in her heart. She had promised him nothing. Aurelia needed him to fight for her. How else would she regain her kingdom?
“You may go,” she said, past the sadness that squeezed at her throat.
The warrior stood, turned, and went outside.

Layaz Warrior
She had apologized. To him! The princess understood. She cared! Certainly, things would be different under her rule.
He strung a wire from one out-jutting on the shelter to another. The warrior pulled stiff, frozen clothing from the large bag. He hung them on the makeshift clothesline in the freezing breeze, tying them on the rope so they wouldn’t blow away. The clothing would be dry in a few hours.
The Layaz Warrior looked down at himself. For the first time, he missed the royal blue uniform that he used to wear. It was not fitting that the princess should have to see him in rags. The disposal ships spewed very little clothing. What clothing was deposited on the planet’s surface was most often next to ruined. And the blood stained uniform that he had come to the planet in had been burned along with the bodies of his kin.
While the clothing was drying, the warrior made a trip to the nearest garbage pile. This time, he searched not for items to help them survive but for technology. The princess needed to get home.
He found some items that could be of use: a remote control device, some good wire, and a power source. A small, green light glowed at the corner of the power source. It looked like it still had a charge in it.
The warrior hurried back to his den to show the princess what he had found and to present her with the clothes that must, surely, be dry by now.
When he entered the dwelling, he saw the princess sitting with her legs tucked under her on the far mattress. The black cat was in her lap and she was stroking it.
“Where were you for so long?”
The warrior rushed to kneel before her. He hoped she was not angry. Displeasing her would be foolish. He had seen what the royals could do.
“Forgive me, Highness. I have found some things that may be useful.” He laid the technology on the mattress, along with the pile of clean clothing. 
“Oh! Fresh clothing and a coat! This is a welcome sight. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome, Highness.”
“Please go out so I can change.”
“Of course.” He stood abruptly.
“But don’t go anywhere,” she called after him. “I don’t want to be alone anymore.”
“As you wish,” he said, before stepping outside and letting the rubber flap fall closed behind him. She was pleased. He had done right.
“I’m dressed,” she called, after a few minutes. 
The warrior went in and saw his princess, dressed in the odds and ends he had collected from the garbage piles. Even so, she was stunningly beautiful. Her golden curls, her attentive eyes, her graceful neck, the exposed skin of her shoulder where the collar was too wide… the Layaz Warrior looked away from her. Perhaps he should not think such things.
“These items are a good start,” said the princess, indicating the small pile of technological gear now on the mattress. “But I think we’ll need quite a bit more than this.”
“Yes, Highness.”
“Do we have time to look for more before dark?”
“Yes, Highness.”


Chapter 3 – I Love You
Aurelia 
The sweater felt scratchy, and Aurelia had to use the belt from her dress to hold up the pants. The large coat was much too big on her; the sleeves went down over her hands. But, on the upside, it was warm and not covered with the blood of her father.
“Before we go, take this and burn it.” Aurelia threw her dress to the warrior.
“Highness…perhaps I should wash it…”
“No,” she cut him off. “Burn it. It’s…bad memories.”
The warrior nodded and left with the dress.
“It’s done.” The smell of smoke came back into the shelter with him.
“Let’s go.” She stood up, ready to see something other than the metal and ice walls of the small room.
The warrior looked down at her pink, high-heeled shoes. 
“You didn’t bring me any other shoes,” she told him, following his gaze.
“Those will be no good for walking through the snow,” he said. “Sit down.”
She sat down on the mattress as he approached her. He knelt on the ice floor and looked at her feet. The warrior reached out. Aurelia watched incredulously as he slowly pulled off one shoe and then the other.
“This will work better, Highness,” he said quietly, as he began to wrap a long strip of cloth around and around one foot. He was very gentle with her and made a good job of wrapping the strips of cloth around her feet until they were completely covered with a number of layers. It felt just like she was wearing soft, warm boots.
He looked at her then with his unusual eyes, and she had a funny feeling in her chest. The warrior wanted to please her. Was it because she was his princess? Or was it for some other reason?
“Thank you,” she managed.
“You’re welcome, Highness.” The Layaz Warrior stood and held out his hand to her. “If we want to get a good look around before it gets dark, we must go now.”
Aurelia accepted his outstretched hand and pulled herself up. Again she thought she saw a hint of a smile play on his lips.
He held the rubber flap aside for her and she stepped out first. A freezing cold wind blew past her face and through her hair. Aurelia pulled her hood up. The landscape and the sky were a brilliant white all around, as far as she could see. 
“There are two garbage piles close by,” said the warrior. “The pile that’s a little farther away is beside the ocean. It is beautiful there…I wish to show it to you.”
“Very well,” she said. “Lead the way.”
“May I take your hand, Highness? The ground is slippery and the terrain can be treacherous…I want to protect you.”
Aurelia held out her hand to the warrior. She felt better, his warm hand holding hers securely. 
In some places, the ground was slippery and, in other places, the snow was deep, up to her knees. Aurelia felt fatigued after less than ten minutes but the warrior was tireless. She looked up at him. The Layaz Warrior was smiling openly now. Is it because he’s holding my hand?

Layaz Warrior
He looked out at the dazzling landscape as he walked slowly along, helping the princess. That such untamed beauty still existed in modern times and that people called the planet a waste world…it never ceased to amaze him. Perhaps the princess would change her mind when she saw the ocean. Perhaps she would not want to go back to the smog and the hate. Maybe she would agree to stay.
It took them a long time to reach the towering garbage mound because the girl was so weak and she walked so slowly.
“There it is,” cried Princess Aurelia.
“Yes, Highness.”
“Finally. Something else to look at besides just white. Here, even garbage is a relief to look at.”
“Come, climb up and you will see the ocean just beyond it.” They climbed the wide hill of debris, carefully picking their way through sharp scrap metal, glass, and other dangerous objects. Then they crested the hill and looked down at the freshwater sea.
“Well…isn’t that weird!” she remarked.
“What?”
“The water. It’s all white.”
“The ocean reflects the sky, Highness. Water here is the same as water from our World, only cleaner - sparkling and clear.”
“Oh.” 
The water stretched to the horizon, the wind making large waves capped with a lighter, frothy white.
“Weird that it looks white, though,” she remarked. “Let’s search around for the stuff we need.”
The Layaz Warrior heard a deep rumbling in the distance. Horror washed over his mind. No!
“This way!” he yanked her down from the summit of the hill. She fell down beside him in the rubble.
“What?!”
“Be quiet,” he said urgently. 
Moments later, he saw the source of the noise. 
“Is it the waste disposal ship?” whispered the princess.
“No. Pirates.”
They watched as a medium-sized ship, dark colored, designed for speed, touched down near the ocean.
“Why are they here? Have they come before?”
“Please be still and quiet, Highness.”
As they watched over the ridge of the hill, the main hatch opened and three men came out. The men pulled open a panel in the side of the ship. From the compartment, they uncoiled a long, thick hose. The men dragged one end of the hose over the beach and let it splash down into the water. The other end remained fastened to the ship. 
The Layaz Warrior struggled to keep his emotions in check. One dragon against a well- armored and highly armed ship would be an unwise move. He had to keep the princess safe. The best way to do that would be to not draw attention to themselves. The men walked back and forth for a while on the snowy beach. Then they went back inside the ship and closed the hatch.
Still the warrior did not dare to move. If they were to run for it, the pirates would surely see them against the white ground cover when the ship lifted off. A few minutes passed and the princess began to shiver. She lay on her stomach with her head down, resting on her arms. The warrior moved to shelter her with his body. She was getting too cold again. 

Aurelia
All of a sudden, she felt the Layaz Warrior put his arm across her back and slide closer to her. Almost instantly, she felt the heat radiating from him. The bout of shivers subsided. 
Surely, these were some of the pirates that had plagued the mining vessels of their World. Her father had spoken of them on many occasions. Pirates stole the refined ores or mined gemstones and either killed the sailors from the other ships or else held them for ransom. They were dangerous men who were without honor. These pirates were filling their tanks with water from the ocean on Quisquiliae. This fact would be useful information in the future, when it would be her job to make sure their kind was eliminated.
She looked up. The pirate ship’s door was still sealed. Aurelia glanced at the man lying beside her. He still looked intently at the ship. It seemed the two of them had been waiting a long time. But he was the warrior. She would trust him to know when the time was right.
Certainly, they were very fortunate the way events had played out with the arrival of the ship.
Aurelia shifted uncomfortably. She was getting hot in the heavy coat with the warrior’s arm across her back. She shifted away from him. The Layaz Warrior withdrew his arm but did not look at her. Aurelia looked back towards the ship. They waited. The sun was setting. Soon it would be dark.
After a few minutes, the main hatch slid open. Two of the men came back out on the surface of the planet. Surely now is the right time? Together, the pirates pulled the hose from the water, dragged it back towards the ship, and began to wrestle it back into the storage compartment. Surely now must be the right time? The men were fumbling with the hose. It was icy and wet. They dropped the hose and appeared to be having an argument. One of the men stomped back in through the hatch. A moment later, he reappeared with the third man. The three of them worked with the hose, trying to fit it back into place. It seemed that, soon, the task would be complete. Aurelia wondered why the Layaz Warrior still hesitated. If they were to have any chance at all of overpowering the men, they would have to go now while the pirates were still distracted. Aurelia sprang to her feet, the warrior’s knife in her hand, and threw herself down the steep slope of the garbage pile. Aurelia heard the warrior close behind her, following her lead. She was still some distance away when the first pirate turned. Their eyes locked and his face filled with…terror. 

A Space Pirate
He heard something coming towards the ship, sliding down the big garbage pile. In the growing darkness, he saw yellow glowing eyes in the face of a girl who looked like the king. She brandished a knife like a monster off the vidscreen. Crazy girl. Dead girl. He pulled his energy weapon. Although he usually liked to toy with his victims before disposing of them, this time the pirate flicked the setting from stun to kill. It was too creepy, late-at-night, for this kind of thing. 
Before he got a shot off, there was an explosion of blue fire behind the girl. Then, leaping past her, came a great beast. In horror, the man watched the creature land on one of his crewmates and tear his throat open. The pirate turned his weapon on the thing but it was gone. He swung around in the darkness. His other companion lay on the ground, not moving. 
A sound behind him. Sudden pain in his spine…

Layaz Warrior
The Layaz Warrior struggled against exhaustion, pushing himself up off the snow covered ground. As what had happened came back to him, he jumped to his feet. The princess! He looked around. The bodies of three men littered the ground but he didn’t see the princess. Instinctively, he gathered up one of the pirate’s weapons and tucked it into his belt. He looked back toward the garbage pile. She wasn’t there. The ship! The warrior hurled himself towards the light emanating from the open hatchway. They needed to get away from here. He raced through the doorway and almost careened into her as she bent over the flight controls. 
“This seems pretty standard,” she said, upon his entrance.
“What have you done?!”
“What?” She straightened and looked at him. “We need this ship to get back home. Those criminals got what was coming to them.”
“We need to get out of here! Now!”
“Okay, just help me to figure this out and we’ll be off.”
The Layaz Warrior wrenched her away from the controls and slung her over his shoulder.
“What are you doing?!” she demanded. “Put me down!”
He paid her angry words no heed as he jumped clear of the ship and sprinted away from certain death. The princess struggled; he responded by holding her more tightly. He ran hard, adrenaline pushing him past the exhaustion he felt. A loud boom sounded behind them. He pulled her from his shoulder to his chest. The warrior flung them both to the ground, landing on top of her but catching most of his weight on his hand and forearm. He covered her body with his, ensuring that both her hands were pinned beneath him. A wave of heat flared over them. They were still in the blast zone. He prayed that the princess would not be harmed.
As the heat faded, he pulled away from her. The ground, from the ship to where they lay and well beyond them, was charred black. It was then that the warrior realized the princess was crying.
“Are you hurt?”
“No.” She put her hands up and covered her face.
“Why are you crying?”
“Because…I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have done that.”
The heat faded from his emotions as it continued to fade from his back.
“Pirate ships commonly have a self-destruct which is set to the life signs of the crew. If the crew all dies, the ship explodes. We would need a better plan if we wanted to commandeer one of their vessels.”
The princess nodded solemnly, tears abating. “I’m sorry,” she said again. The princess looked frightened, and he could see that her eyes could not make out his face in the blackness.
“Please forgive me,” she said, reaching out to him. 
“I forgive you,” he said, quietly, allowing her grasping hands to find his hand.
“Thank you.” She pulled closer to him and fell into his arms, crying again. 
He had never experienced the like. The warrior didn’t know what to feel. He was glad that she wasn’t hurt and that she understood she had done wrong. 
“What’s this?” She pulled away from him and looked at her hand, blindly, in the dark. “This wetness?”
“I was injured in the explosion.”

Aurelia
“Oh! I’m so sorry! I didn’t know you were hurt!” Her rash maneuver had gotten him injured!
“Thank you for your concern, Highness. I think I’ll be fine.” He rose to his feet. “We have to go. Other ships may come to see what happened to them.”
Aurelia stood up. It was hard to see anything. There was no moon on Quisquiliae. It was so dark.
“Can you walk, Highness? I’m not sure I’d be able to carry you right now.”
“I can walk.”
They set out in a direction that led away from where the ship had been. She reached out in the darkness, searching for him. She felt his hot fingers encircling her hand. That’s better. The pent up fears began to drain away. Everything was going to be all right. He was going to be okay. Layaz Warriors were tough and healed quickly.
They walked for a long time. Their progress was slow. But finally the warrior stopped.
“We’re here.” 
The warrior guided her through the dark opening to deeper blackness inside. Then he let go of her. Aurelia reached down and felt the mattress.
“Get some rest,” said the warrior. 
She heard him settling down on the other mattress. Aurelia found that the cat was in her bed, though she couldn’t see her in the darkness. Once she had settled in, the cat thrummed quietly under the blanket. Aurelia decided she would name the cat Midnight, because she was as black as the middle of the night. The cat was a comfort but the princess worried about the Layaz Warrior.
Dawn’s gray light shone, through the ice walls and ceiling, into the small dwelling. Aurelia opened her eyes. She looked over to where the Layaz Warrior slept and gasped in dismay. He lay on his stomach. The rags that used to cover him had been burned away. The whole back of him was a raw, open wound, right from his head down to his feet.
Aurelia quietly stood and went closer to assess the severity of the damage. It was bad. Much too bad. A normal human with these injuries would be likely to die of infection, even at a hospital. A Layaz Warrior wasn’t an ordinary human, but the burn was deep and extensive and they had no antibiotics. Aurelia didn’t know what to do. She was responsible for what had happened. The Layaz Warrior…he had saved her life…as an act of his own free will, not as an agent under her command. Honor demanded that she return the favor. It was the right thing to do. Aurelia would not follow in the footsteps of her father. No. She would do the right thing. Again and again, at each fork in the road, she would choose the path of honor. Things would be different when she was queen. She would save the last of the Layaz warriors. Somehow, she would save him.

Layaz Warrior
Pain. He opened his eyes. It was already daylight. The princess sat nearby, watching him.
“I don’t know what to do for you,” she said. “It doesn’t look good.”
He wanted to tell her that he was all right but he felt consciousness and the ability to form words slipping away from him.
One of his duties as a Layaz Warrior was to eliminate all those who practiced magic. Them, their families, their children. Yes, magic had to be cleansed from their planet…but why the children? His mind burned with tortured dreams. 
Sometime later, he woke up again. She was still there. 
“Why do you stare at me, Highness?”
“I…I’m concerned. What happened to you is my fault. But I don’t know how to help you.”
“Leave me to my misery.” Then the light faded from his eyes once more.
Cold. He had never felt cold before. The warrior struggled to wake himself up. It was nighttime again. He must have lain in the bed for the whole day. Glowing yellow eyes stared at him out of the darkness. For several moments, he tried to make sense of what he saw. The princess! From his tears - so she would be protected from the beast. But, if her eyes were glowing, that meant he was in his dragon form…But how then would he be conscious? Perhaps he was halfway between man and beast…or else he was dreaming. He closed his eyes, shutting out the confusion. 
“Wake up. Wake up Warrior. You need to wake up now.”
It was the princess. She was summoning. The warrior tried to get up. Fiery pain pinned him down. He held his heavy head up and forced his eyelids open. She was near to him, holding out a cup of water.
“You must drink, Warrior.”
He tried to take the metal cup but his arms and hands refused to move. 
“Here.” She held the cup to his lips. 
He felt cool water flowing into his mouth and down his chin. The warrior swallowed painfully. 
“You must drink more. It has been two days. If you don’t drink, you will die.”
He swallowed more. Two days! He needed to get up. He needed to get her food. She needed him! To do right and to follow the path of honor, that was the only thing that made life worth living. If he couldn’t do right, he might as well be dead. Again he tried to get up but the pain was too much.
“You’re body needs the liquid to repair itself…Please drink more.”
The warrior tried to focus on the cup and managed to get his right arm out from under his body. He wrapped his fingers around the metal cup and drained the fresh water. Then he put his head back down to the mattress. He felt her light touch on his forehead.
“I don’t know how hot is too hot,” she murmured.
“I’m sorry, Highness.”
“Sorry for what?”
“Sorry for my earlier rudeness. Please forgive me.”
“Of course.”
“Thank you Princess…Thank you for your kindness. I love you.”



Chapter 4 – Honor’s Duty
Aurelia
Had she heard him right? Aurelia leaned closer to the warrior but he was unconscious again. Had he said that…he loved her?
She put her hand over his as he slept. Aurelia was certain the wound was infected but she had not the healing knowledge to help him. The princess moved back to her mattress. But perhaps she would be able to help him soon enough. Carefully, she examined the communication device that she had collected from the garbage pile that day. She was thankful that her sense of direction and her knack with technology proved much better than her nursing skills. Aurelia was almost certain she nearly had the basic communicator functional. Not everyone on her World was against her. There had been large pockets of supporters, especially among the workers of tech and the whole technology caste. Paiden and his ilk would bring on another dark age, if they had their way. If only she could contact those from the planet who were still loyal to her family. There might even be a ship on the way. Or better yet, a ship in orbit, searching for her. But her people thought her dead. They weren’t looking for her. It would probably be some time before a ship would arrive, even if she were able to fix the radio transmitter. She looked over at the Layaz Warrior. He was sleeping so deeply that she had to watch his back for a minute to confirm he still lived. Would he survive that long?
She looked at the other items on her mattress. Strong rope and one of the power beam weapons from the pirates. They would have to be prepared, in case they were able to catch another pirate ship by surprise. She looked at the Layaz Warrior again. He was in no shape to fight. But somehow, she had to save him. The princess knew that if she could get him back to their World, healers could mend him.
Aurelia focused on the communicator again. After twenty minutes, she had a headache from the tension in her shoulders and neck. But she also had a working device! Triumphantly, she switched the instrument on. A quiet hum emanated from the small box. Carefully, she set the dial. She knew someone she could trust. Aurelia just had to reach Detrick. He was the director of the technology caste. Growing up, he had been like an uncle to her. If he knew she was alive, he would never give up searching for her. 
With the device set to Detrick’s personal communication number, she tapped out the message, praying it would go through. A reply came back almost immediately. Aurelia could hardly read the words through her tears of relief. He was in orbit! With him were other high-ranking officials from the technology caste and a squadron of guards still loyal to the crown. ETA 42 minutes! She went to sit with the last of the Layaz Dragon Warriors. Aurelia would be able to save him after all!
In a little over half an hour, four men, clad in the steel gray uniforms that marked the warrior caste, burst through the makeshift door with guns in their hands. They trained their weapons on the Layaz warrior. Behind them came Detrick, the head of the technology caste, and Boyle, the Captain of the guard.
“Detrick!” cried the princess. Detrick was a little on the heavy side, with short cropped, graying hair and a moustache of the same color. 
“What is that doing here?” said Boyle, looking down at the Layaz Warrior. 
Aurelia had never liked Boyle. He was a fat, greasy, pretentious man who had spoken scornfully to her when she was a child.
“He saved me,” Aurelia explained. “Twice.”
“Shoot him,” said Boyle to the guards.
“No!” cried the princess, jumping to her feet. “No! I’m the future queen of our World. This man is not to be harmed.”
The soldiers looked from the princess to Boyle.
“That’s no man,” said Boyle. “We can’t trust them.”
“I must save him!”
“He must die,” repeated Boyle.
The soldiers nodded.
“No! Detrick, please!” She turned her eyes to her strongest ally. “I must save him…he saved my life.”
“His kind is a danger…I cannot help you.” Detrick looked away.
She saw the soldiers were about to fire. Quicker than thought, she removed her signet ring from her thumb, dropped down beside her warrior, and shoved the circlet onto his ring finger. Aurelia looked up into their stunned faces. 
“I choose this man to be my husband. If you shoot now, you kill the future king.” She stood and stared down the men in gray, until they holstered their weapons.
“When I tell you to do something, you do it. Is that clear?” She addressed the soldiers with a fervency that came from her own bewilderment. What have I done? 
“Yes, Highness.” The lead soldier bobbed his head in a gesture of submission.
“And you,” she turned on the men dressed in the tan uniform of the technology caste, “don’t expect that I will be a puppet princess. I will not. A ruler without honor is unworthy to lead. I have saved the last of the Layaz Warriors. And now I will save my people from that weasel, Paiden. Will you help me?”
“Yes, Highness.” Detrick bobbed his head.
She turned on Boyle. Aurelia almost laughed at the look of shock and horror on his face. She would win, whatever it took.
“I don’t believe you,” he stammered.
“You dare to question my sincerity, my loyalty?” Impulsively, Aurelia pulled the weapon from the holster of the soldier beside her and aimed it at him. “Whoever is not for me is against me.”
The man knelt, clearly unnerved by her bravado. “Forgive me, Highness. I did not consider the meaning of my words.” He bobbed his head. “I will help you, My Princess.”
She handed the weapon back to the soldier. Princess Aurelia held her hand out to the captain of the guard.
“I forgive you.”
Boyle clasped her hand and stood.
“Now,” she said, “let’s go home and stop Paiden.” 

Layaz Warrior
It was so hot. Stiflingly hot. He reached out over the edge of the mattress, expecting to feel the ice floor beneath his fingertips. Instead, his arm hung down into empty space. He tried to open his eyes. So tired. So hot. He reached out with his other arm. Something was stuck in his arm. The warrior tried to open his eyes again. The light was so bright. He couldn’t make sense of what he saw.
“Shh…it’s alright.” The voice of the princess. “We’re on a ship.”
He tried to rise again.
“It’s okay, Warrior. My supporters have come for me. We’re safe.”
The room swam into focus. He lay in a white room, on a medical cot. He thought again about asking her to allow him to remain on Quisquiliae, now that she was safe. But consciousness slipped away too quickly.

Aurelia
“Detrick, where are Marcy and my nanny?” When Paiden’s people had taken over the castle and Aurelia had been captured, she had been very concerned for her servants.
“They’re safe and hidden on the planet, along with my sister… Perhaps there is some way out of it, Princess Aurelia.”
“Out of what?”
“Surely…surely you cannot marry him.”
“I can and I will.”
“But…” He dropped his voice and looked over at the warrior. “He’s not even human. That will be in your children’s DNA.”
“He saved my life, Detrick, twice. I would have died if it weren’t for him. My word is true. I will marry the Layaz Warrior.”
“How does he feel about that or how will he feel once he finds out?”
“He has professed his love for me.” …when he was fevered and delusional.
“And you, Aurelia? I care about you. Do you love him?”
“I have saved his life as honor required. I will love him.”
“Perhaps you are making too much of your ideals of honor. Your father, the king, never held to that way of thinking.”
“I am not my father.”

Layaz Warrior
He felt a deep rumbling and movement. The ship was accelerating! His eyes snapped open. He still lay on his stomach in the white-walled room. He turned his head to one side. The princess sat in a chair near his cot. He felt better than before.
“You’re awake.”
He looked at her, not knowing what to say. It had not been a question. The princess was clean and in a dress of shimmering blue. Her golden hair shone under the harsh fluorescent lights. But she was not smiling. She was safe but…the princess did not seem entirely happy.
“The medic is giving you fluids and antibiotics intravenously.”
The warrior looked at his arm. A line ran from a needle in his forearm to a bag of clear liquid, hanging on the wall.
“Highness…is it too late to ask to be left on Quisquiliae?” He hoped he would not offend her with the question.
The princess looked uncomfortable. Her lovely blue eyes drifted to his left hand. He followed her gaze. There, on his ring finger, was her garnet signet ring. His eyes flew back to her face as he tried to comprehend what it meant.
“They were going to kill you…It was the only way I could save you.”
“I don’t understand.”
“We are betrothed. We will be married. You will be king of our World.”
“How could I be king?”
The door to the room slid aside and an older man stepped in. His tan uniform and insignia marked him as a high-ranking official of the Technology caste.
“I see he’s awake,” said the man.
“Yes, Detrick,” said the Princess, “and now he knows.”
The man looked back to the princess, a frown on his face. “The captain wishes to speak with you, Your Highness.”
 “Very well.” She stood and laid a hand on the warrior’s arm, almost protectively. “I will return shortly.”
His stomach clenched at her touch. The princess wanted to marry him? The princess. He couldn’t believe it. Was he still in some fevered dream? How was it possible that she would marry him?
Her touch lingered for a moment and then, regally, she walked from the room, her dress making quiet swooshing noises as she went.

Aurelia
“Princess Aurelia, welcome aboard. I’m Captain Forbes.”
The captain was an athletic-looking, young man, with fair hair and dark eyes. He wore the tan uniform indicative of the technology caste, with the addition of white wings embroidered on both shoulders, signifying that he was a captain.
“Thank you.”
“What heading shall I set?” His dark eyes looked at her attentively.
Aurelia pursed her lips and looked around the bridge. The large vidscreen dominated the area. The vid feed was used to see their surroundings. No windows were present on interstellar ships, as the shearing force present at greater than light speeds was too great.
“Where do you want to go?” asked Forbes.
“I want to go home.”
“Your Highness, have you thought about a strategy? How we will take back the planet?”
Instinctively, Aurelia decided to take this man into her confidence.
“No.” She sighed. “I don’t know what I’m doing. The warrior caste advised my father in such matters. I was never trained in the art of war. Do you have any ideas?”
The man seemed to falter for a moment, his mouth falling open slightly in surprise. Then he regained his composure. Captain Forbes thought a moment.
“I think we need more ships. More fire power.”
“What is our current situation? How many ships do we have now?”
“Seven. But only four of them are warrior class vessels. One is a mining ship and two are cargo freighters.”
“How can we get more ships?”
“Steal them.”
Aurelia opened her mouth to protest.
“I mean, appropriate them, of course,” the Captain amended. “They’re actually your ships, seeing as you’re the princess and all.” He grinned at her then. 
Aurelia allowed herself to smile back. “Where could we ‘appropriate’ ships and who would pilot them?” she asked.
“I’ve thought about that. I think the easiest place to get the ships would be at the construction yards on Rigel. I know for certain we have at least 14 other technology caste pilots rated for warrior class vessels.”
“Very well. How long will it take to get there?”
“Several months, Your Highness. It is in the opposite direction of our World.”
“We must have a war council meeting sometime before then.”
“Yes, of course. When?”
“Let’s wait a week. I would like the Layaz Warrior to be recovered enough from his injuries to join us.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Thank you for your help, Captain Forbes.”
He bobbed his head, still grinning at her.

Layaz Warrior
The door slid closed. Detrick stared down at him.
“She doesn’t love you, you know. You are being terribly selfish. Ruin will come to our entire world because of this.”
The warrior opened his mouth to speak. But he couldn’t formulate words into phrases. Had he done wrong, somehow? Perhaps this was all some mad dream?
“Why do you bring such horror on the royal family? If you had any honor at all, you would end your life. To bring such blight on the lineage of the royal family…It will be more than our world can bear…If you really cared for her at all, you would not curse her so.” 
“She…does not want to marry me?”
“Of course not! She only did it to save your life. A misguided gesture from an idyllic young girl with an aggrandized sense of honor.”
“Forgive me, My Lord, I cannot. To kill oneself…it is not permitted.” He pulled his long knife from beneath the white sheet beside him. “My Lord, dispatch me, if I will bring this curse on the princess as you say.” The Layaz warrior handed him the knife, hilt first.
Detrick took the blade and stared down at him.
The door slid aside and the princess stepped back into the medical room. She looked at the knife in Detrick’s hand and then up into his face.
“What is going on here?” she demanded.
Detrick looked down and color burned on his cheeks. He handed the knife back to the warrior. The man bobbed his head to the princess without answering and fled the room. The warrior looked down at the knife in his hand. He couldn’t bear to look up at her. She must hate him. And rightly so. But he knew not what to do.
“My Princess, forgive me.”
“Why? What have you done?”
“I…I cannot take my own life to free you of this burden. My moral code prohibits such a thing…I do not know what to do.”

Aurelia
Lying on his stomach on the medical cot, the Layaz Warrior offered her the knife. “I beg you to take my life if our union would bring a curse on your line and destroy the kingdom.”
“Nonsense. Put your knife away.” She took her seat in the chair beside him. 
The warrior sheathed the knife and tucked the weapon away under the sheet.
“But…Detrick said…”
“What did he say?”
His vivid blue, cat-like eyes met her gaze.
“Will you hate me, My Princess? I don’t want to live under your scorn.”
Aurelia stood, stepped to his bedside and reached out to take his left hand. She fondled her ring on his finger.
“If I didn’t want to marry you, I wouldn’t have betrothed myself to you,” she murmured. Her eyes moved from the ring to his face. “Let’s have no more of this foolish talk. You will be my husband and I will be your wife. We will bring peace to our World…through violence if necessary.”
“I thank you for your kindness, My Princess.” His hand tightened around hers as he looked intently into her face. “We will bring peace to our World. I will be at your side and will support you in everything you do. And, perhaps, there will be little need for violence. And perhaps…perhaps we will find love.”
Her throat constricted as she looked down at her injured Layaz Warrior. Whatever others might say…he was a good man. Aurelia swallowed hard and nodded. Then she pulled her hand away and resumed her vigil, watching over her betrothed.
“You may call me Aurelia.”
“Thank you…Aurelia.”
“My mother, she used to call me Sebastian.”
“Sebastian.” Aurelia smiled. 

Layaz Warrior
In a week’s time, he was feeling much recovered. Aurelia had brought a clean, white tunic to put over his healing back. The meeting of the war counsel would be in 45 minutes. He was to be the princess’s chief advisor. The warrior considered his role thoughtfully. He had never before held a position of authority. Slipping the robe over his head, he prayed he would have the wisdom required to lead well. He put on the foot coverings that Aurelia had given to him. His back had not healed enough for him to wear a uniform. Most types of cloth and any type of belt would stick to the fresh scabs on his back. He caught his reflection in a mirror across the room. Perhaps, with the white tunic and his white hair, he looked a little like an angel. He chided himself inwardly. There was no angel inside him. It was the dragon’s eyes that looked out from his face. He prayed again that he would not only have the wisdom to lead well but also the goodness to lead right. He prayed that his decisions would not come from the brutal and savage nature that lurked within him but that, somehow, he would be a force for good in the new position he had been granted.
Then the princess reentered the room. She looked him over and smiled. 
“I’m not use to wearing this type of clothing.”
“You look fine, Sebastian. Come on, let’s get to this meeting.”
The warrior followed her out of the medical room and down a corridor. Even from the hallways, he recognized the design of the ship. They were in a top-of-the-line, warrior class vessel.
Together, they entered a large, brightly lit meeting room. A long, wooden, oval table ran the length of the room. Several other men were already there, standing around the table.
“Your Highness, there are no chairs,” said a man in a light tan suit. “Perhaps we should send someone to fetch some.” 
“We will stand,” said the princess.
“But…why?”
“Lord Sebastian cannot sit at the present time, due to injuries he sustained while saving my life. We will all stand during this meeting in honor of him.”
Lord Sebastian was he? And the entire war council would stand in his honor? He was careful not to allow the joy that he felt to show on his face. Princess Aurelia is a beautiful woman with a beautiful spirit. Blessing after blessing had been bestowed upon him. Thank you!

Aurelia
She watched the indignant looks on the faces of the men around the room. Aurelia wondered if she had made a mistake. She continued to wonder the same thing as the room filled up with important men and the information of the standing-only meeting was passed to them. Let them be irritated, she thought to herself. The Layaz Warrior would be her husband. They had better get used to her honoring him above them. 
“I call this meeting to order.” Aurelia’s strong voice rang out over the room. Instantly the quiet conversations hushed. Aurelia noticed that, out of the 14 people there, she was the only woman in the room. She was coming into this monarchy double cursed - as a woman and as betrothed to a Layaz Warrior.
“Gentlemen, we are here to discuss our wartime plans. I will now hear all your advice. Then I and Lord Sebastian will determine our further course of action.” All was quiet for several, long moments. Surprise registered on many of the faces. Perhaps they expected her to play the part of a frightened princess. But she would have none of that. She was born for royalty – born to lead.
Finally, the awful silence was broken when a man, whom she didn’t recognize, raised his hand to speak. He wore the steel gray uniform of the warrior caste. Aurelia concluded that he must be the highest-ranking warrior among those still loyal to the crown. She gestured for him to speak.
 “Your Highness, I am Commander Trask, at your service.” He bobbed his head and then continued. “There are less than fifteen workers on Rigal. I suggest we take the ship construction installation by force. If we can convince them to drop their shields using subterfuge, and then hit them from orbit, we can take out the main buildings and will be free to take any ships we wish.”
Aurelia looked around. Several of the other men were nodding. 
“Other suggestions?” said Aurelia.
“It seems a sound plan,” said Boyle.
“What sort of people work there?” asked Aurelia.
“Technology caste workers,” replied Detrick.
“Could they not be swayed to our cause? Perhaps, even now, they remain loyal. I don’t like the idea of terminating them needlessly.”
“Princess Aurelia,” the man in gray spoke again, “I understand your natural instinct for compassion. But to show weakness and to hesitate when the situation calls for action…that would be a mistake.”
What was the man implying? That her womanhood made her weak? Or that she was young and inexperienced? Aurelia bit back a childish retort. Her hands balled into fists as her mind raced to find the words that would make these men agree with her. She didn’t want to appear weak but what if the workers on Rigal would help them? They needed all the help they could get!
“I agree with you, Princess Aurelia,” said the Layaz Warrior from beside her. “I am certain we could neutralize those workers without ending their lives. Then we could assess their willingness to help. Why waste potentially valuable assets?”
She turned to him, trying not to let the relief that she felt show on her face. Aurelia had to avoid all appearances of weakness. Especially in front of Trask, she decided. But Sebastian had supported her. Now she didn’t look a fool. He was a seasoned warrior. The Layaz knew what he was talking about.
“Explain,” she commanded.
“Use subterfuge as the commander suggested, only tell them something that will persuade them to allow me to transport down to the surface. Then I will neutralize the threat without the loss of life.”
“You!” sputtered Boyle, but further words died in his throat as the Layaz Warrior’s cat-like eyes casually flicked in his direction.
“You can handle this yourself, Layaz Warrior?” asked Trask.
“I can, Commander,” he replied to the man dressed in gray.
“My betrothed is to be referred to as Lord Sebastian.” Aurelia looked directly at the commander and stared him down.
The man bobbed his head. “Beg your pardon, Your Highness. Lord Sebastian.”
“Commander,” said the Layaz Warrior, “I have completed many missions where the targets were wanted alive. All successful.”
“Forgive me for questioning you, Lord Sebastian.” But after he said the words, his jaw was clenched and his lips were pulled in a tight line. It was clear the man did not like her betrothed. 
The Layaz Warrior tilted his head towards the commander slightly, as a superior acknowledging a subordinate. Aurelia imagined she saw a smile in his eyes.
“Very well,” she said. “We have determined our plan of attack for Rigal. What will be our next step after we have acquired more ships?”
“We have to take out Paiden and those closest to him,” said Boyle, vehemently.
“Mercy is a sentiment we can’t afford when it comes to Paiden,” said Detrick.
“Like a cancer, Paiden and his cultic followers need to be cut out of our World,” said the commander.
“Treason is a capital offence,” said Aurelia. “I concur.” 
The Layaz Warrior nodded. They were in agreement. 
“And there is the matter of the Alpha Military Outpost defense ring,” said Captain Forbes.
“Yes,” said Trask. We will need to confront the outpost directly. It is from that base that the defensive network surrounding our World’s planetary system is powered.”
Her father had been a paranoid man, constructing fleets of warships and forming an impressive defensive barrier around their entire star system, even though they had never encountered another race amongst the stars. There were small pockets of people from her World living on habitable planets that had been discovered, and there were the pirates. But no one had ever attacked their World. But, now, there would be war. And it remained to be seen whether her father’s precautions would prove to be a benefit to her or would serve to aid her enemies. 
“We should plan further once we have the ships from Rigal,” said the Layaz Warrior.
Forbes and Trask agreed.
Aurelia dismissed the meeting. They would wait until they had the ships before finalizing conquest plans. After the meeting, Sebastian did not look well.
“Let’s get you back to the medical suite. You need to rest.”
The Layaz Warrior nodded.
Back in the white walled room, Aurelia pressed the call button. “I’ll get the medic to help you to bed and hook the antibiotics back up.” She made the summons.
When Aurelia turned around, he was leaning against the bed looking at her.
“What?”
“I can’t believe it.”
“It is rather unbelievable.” I wonder how long I can delay this marriage without bringing dishonor on myself? Certainly, it would be reasonable to wait until her World was back under her control? I can’t believe I have to marry you. He ate all his meat raw. The thought repulsed her. As a warrior, he was good and useful but, as a mate…She did feel something for him but…What have I done? Aurelia tried to push the disturbing barrage of thoughts out of her mind.
“Things are turning out better than I had ever dreamed.” He looked like he was hoping for something from her, like he wanted her to come nearer.
Instead, she smiled stiffly. Everything was happening too quickly.
“I’ll come back later. I have some things to attend to.” Aurelia hustled out the door. The medic would be there soon. 


Chapter 5 – On Rigal
Layaz Warrior
Whatever they were giving him through the intravenous was working. He had slept much of the last several months as he healed. But now he had to find out how soon they would be at Rigal! Sebastian sat up and detached the IV from his arm. He got out of bed and looked around the austere room. The medic hadn’t left him any clothing. Gingerly, he touched the back of his head, shoulders, and legs. Very much improved. Good enough for regular clothing. The wounds might tear open if he had to fight on the planet but he would mend. He strode over to the intercom to buzz for the medic. Just as he was about to press the button, the door whooshed aside. But instead of the medic, in came the princess!
“Pardon, my state of undress, Your Highness! I was just going to call for some clothing. Her eyes wandered down his body before fleeing back up to his face. Her cheeks burned crimson as she thrust something towards him.
“Here are your clothes. I’ll be in the hallway,” she said, turning away. “Come out once you’re dressed.” The door swooshed closed behind her.
Forgive me! The warrior did not mean for that to happen. Quickly, he pulled on the clothing. So thoughtless! He must remember to be more careful in the future.
She had not provided him with the royal blue uniform that the Layaz Warriors wore. Instead, it was a black silk suit that he was to wear. He looked at himself in the mirror and straightened his shirt before going out to her. His white hair contrasted sharply with the black of the suit. Well…I don’t look much like a king. I just look like a Layaz Warrior wearing the wrong clothes. Clothing didn’t disguise what he was. Nothing could change that. He was a monster. A killer. But if he did right and followed the way of honor, he would be working for the force of good, like an angel of death bringing destruction to the wicked. He could accept what he was if he followed the path of honor. But should the princess have to wed a monster? 
He left the reflection and strode out into the hallway to meet his princess.
“We’re almost to Rigal. About seventeen minutes now,” said Aurelia.
Sebastian didn’t know what to say about what had happened, but Aurelia moved off quickly down the corridor, expecting him to follow. They went up the lift in silence. He looked at her but she was looking away. The elevator opened onto the bridge of the ship. A young man sat in the captain’s chair and he stood at their arrival. 
“Lord Sebastian,” said the princess, “this is Captain Forbes.”
Forbes bobbed his head, greeting him with the submissive gesture. Then the captain smiled at the princess in a way that seemed, to Sebastian, entirely too friendly.
“We’re almost here,” Forbes said to her. “Ella, my second, will read the script you approved. Hope this all goes right.” Something beeped on the display near his chair. The captain shifted his attention away from them.
“This way,” said the princess to the Layaz Warrior. In a small room off the bridge, some weapons and armor were stored. “Take everything you’ll need. You will shuttle down to the planet shortly if they accept Ella’s story.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” The Layaz Warrior carefully chose the items he would need. The ship was stocked with high quality weaponry, all in new condition. He selected a bullet-proof vest as well as a repulsion field which would deflect energy weapons and mask his life sign from infrared. The warrior took off his shirt. He would wear the vest under his suit. When the shirt and suit jacket were back in place, the slight bulk made by the bulletproof vest was hardly noticeable. The scabs on his back itched a little under the weight. Next, he took a hand-held, life-sign scanning device, checked the charge, and clipped it to his belt. Then the warrior chose a beam weapon and holster. He checked that the gun was charged to full capacity and set to stun. Sebastian took no other weapon, save the knife he carried under his clothing at all times. If things got too desperate, he would have no need for weapons at all. The beast had no need for such things. He prayed it wouldn’t come to that. Then, more confident and more at peace, the Layaz Warrior strode back out onto the bridge. 
The princess was sitting in a chair that had been affixed next to the captain’s chair. She was leaning over him and studying the visual display. They spoke, their faces close together. Sebastian didn’t like the feeling that rose up inside him. The warrior walked to where his princess sat.
“I am ready.”
“Excellent.” She stood, took his arm, and led him to the lift. “We received word back from the planet. You have been granted clearance to land the shuttle in Hanger Bay Seven. Good luck.”
The Layaz Warrior stepped into the elevator. Aurelia did not follow him in.
“The shuttle launch is on Level 12.”
He tapped the 12 on the elevator panel. The door slid closed, separating them. The warrior refocused his mind on the task at hand. He would serve his princess and further her cause. And he could do so without killing.
In the shuttle, on the way down to the planet, he prayed again that he would have success on his mission. Once the shuttle docking procedure was finished, he stepped to the hatch. The Layaz Warrior stood to one side as he hit the release. The door whooshed open. He looked out into a large cargo bay. There was no one in sight.

Aurelia
Rigal was a small planet, less than half the size of their World. It was only just massive enough to maintain an atmosphere suitable for life. The gravity was just able to keep oxygen from spinning off in to space. Rigal was also just the right temperature so that the factories had to be neither heated nor cooled. These two factors had resulted in Rigal’s being chosen for the spaceship construction factory, rather than the other locations that had been considered. Their World was simply too overpopulated for such a massive shipyard. The construction facility took up a large portion of the planet’s surface. The metal for the ships was also mined right here on the planet, which was another factor that made Rigal the ideal location. The only problem with the planet was the lack of H2O. To conserve water, moisture was recycled from washing and from human wastes, but much H2O was lost to the atmosphere through breathing. Her father and his government had considered the water issue acceptable and in some senses advantageous. Because of it, the workers on Rigal could never try to claim independence. They remained dependent on the World for a continued supply of water. The princess had studied all the information on Rigal in the ship’s memory banks during the long flight.
Aurelia tightened her fingers around the armrest of the high-backed chair and tried to think about what might happen next and not about what had happened in the medical suite. She went through different scenarios in her mind and considered what she would say to the technology caste workers. The shuttle’s beacon indicated that it had just landed in the hanger at the spaceship construction facility. 
Did he do that on purpose? No, surely not. But…he didn’t seem surprised to see her…or embarrassed. The memory brought a heated blush to her cheeks. Aurelia pushed those thoughts away again.
And why had the Layaz Warrior given the captain such a dark look? The captain had been nothing but friendly and helpful. She looked at Captain Forbes. The captain caught her glance and smiled. He bobbed his head before turning away to speak with a crewman. A new thought crossed her mind. Did Sebastian suspect there was more in the captain’s smile than the friendly, positive attitude of a subordinate? Was there more than that in his smile? It didn’t matter. Aurelia had to stop this kind of thinking before she made herself crazy. 
She looked towards the display panel near Captain Forbes’ chair. There was nothing new to see there. Aurelia forced herself to think on things pertinent to the mission. There would be time to sort out her feelings later. 

Layaz Warrior
Slowly, the warrior entered the cargo bay. He left his gun holstered under his suit jacket, where it would not be visible. His life sign detector read “all clear”. No one was there to greet him. That was probably a good sign... The radio crackled from inside the shuttle. 
“Come on up to my office. Just follow the orange lines painted on the floor. I can’t see you on my life-signs detectors; the scanners must be on the fritz again. If you get lost, just buzz me from one of the communication panels. It’ll probably take you a good half hour to get here, so don’t sweat it.”
So far so good. He would take out the man in the office first, so that he would not be able to warn the other workers or trigger an alarm. The walls and floor were made of concrete and the ceiling was several stories above him. The Layaz Warrior started running through the wide hall so that he would arrive well before the man would be expecting him. His footfalls were almost silent on the cement floor as he followed the orange line painted there. The warrior felt the tissue on his back pulling uncomfortably but not tearing. He slowed as he saw brighter lights ahead and the glass doors to an office area. The warrior looked through the doors. He saw only one man, amongst the desks and chairs, sitting, concentrating on a display. The warrior yanked open the door and shot the man before he could even turn around. He slumped forward onto the panel. Sebastian heard a sound and swung his gun to target a man coming out from a side office. The man raised his hands.
“I surrender.” He was a small, lean man, wearing the tan uniform of the technology caste.
“Are you in charge here?”
“Yes.” Suddenly the man looked at him intently. He dropped his hands and stepped forward. “Hey… You! You’re a…You’re a Layaz Warrior!”
“Yes.”
“We heard you guys were all dead.” He was smiling now. “I’m glad it’s not true! I had wondered if it was just one more piece of Paiden’s propaganda. We heard the royal family was also executed. I hope that’s not true either.”
“I am the last of my kind,” the warrior explained, as he pulled the handheld scanning device from his belt clip with his left hand and thumbed it on. “The king was killed. I saw his body. But we have rescued the princess. Princess Aurelia is now with the ships orbiting this planet.”
“So the princess lives! We will pledge our allegiance to her. My workers and I…we have had more than enough dealings with Paiden’s people to know that we want out.”
Then the man looked to the other tech worker. “He’s not dead, is he?”
“No, just stunned.” The Layaz Warrior glanced at the handheld display. The man was telling the truth. He wanted to work for the princess. He wasn’t lying…unless he was Special Forces, trained to be able to lie without any outward signs of the deception. That was unlikely, the warrior decided.
“So he’ll be okay then?” asked the lean man.
“Yes, he’ll wake up in several hours without so much as a headache.”
“That’s good, then. Should I call the others so you can let us in on the plan?”
“How sure are you that the other workers will want to support Princess Aurelia?”
“100%. Paiden cut our water and food ration in half. We weren’t sure we were going to be able to survive. Paiden said the time for building ships was coming to an end. That technology was against the divine. He says tyranny is over. But what we see is that we don’t have enough to eat and soon we will be unemployed…or, more likely, dead.”
“Very well, summon the other workers. Don’t tell them what it’s about. Just have them report to your office.”
“Yes, Sir.”
The man leaned over a display panel. The warrior kept his gun trained on the man. 
“All staff report to my office immediately. This is extremely important. Drop what you’re doing and get over here.”
The Layaz Warrior holstered his stun beam and scanning device. He patted the man down, searching him for any weapons. A weapon made of polycarbon or a ceramic blade would not be detected with the handheld scanner. The man was clean.
“The name’s Dex, by the way. So glad you came. We’ve been at a loss as to what we should do.”
“Sit down there.” The warrior motioned to one of the chairs. Dex complied. Sebastian studied the handheld scanner again. There were 12 other life signs in the factory. They were all moving towards the office. 
As each tech worker arrived, Dex explained the situation and the warrior searched them for weapons. They all pledged allegiance to the princess while the warrior scanned them, using the handheld. Every reading suggested the authentic relief of the workers and their loyalty to the crown. 
Once all the workers had been searched and scanned and were seated on the office floor, the Layaz Warrior signaled Captain Forbes. He considered for a moment before placing the call. Yes, he was Lord Sebastian now; that’s what the princess had said. That is what he would call himself.
He tapped the communications panel.
“Lord Sebastian to Captain Forbes.”
“Forbes here.”
“Facility secure. All personal are in the main office. I’m transmitting the location now. Thirteen of the tech workers have committed their allegiance to Princess Aurelia. The fourteenth worker is unconscious and has not yet been given the opportunity to do so.”
The warrior caste commander’s voice came through the speaker. “Were their declarations genuine? Are they really on our side?”
“According to the handheld, they were not lying, Commander.”
In a moment, the princess’s voice came through the speaker. “Commander Trask will shuttle down to the planet to assess the situation with you.”
“Understood.”
Trask took his time and arrived at the office in one and a half hours. He interviewed each of the tech workers, including the man who had been stunned. When the commander was satisfied that the situation was safe, he radioed the “all clear” up to the ship.

Aurelia
“The commander says the workers from Rigal are undernourished. Send down another shuttle with provisions, as much as we can afford to give them. Commandeering the ships will be much easier with their assistance.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” Captain Forbes bobbed his head and then turned to the display panel to send out the order.
“I want a video conference call between those on Rigal and our war council. We want to make the best possible use of the resources down there.”
The captain bobbed his head again and continued to type on the panel.
In one hour, the war council was assembled. They had a vidfeed link to the factory office on the planet’s surface.
“Let us begin,” Aurelia announced. 
The men in the room fell silent. Commander Trask and her Layaz Warrior also came to attention on the video monitor.
“Lord Sebastian, you may begin. How many of their warships are ready to fly?”
“Dex, the lead tech in this facility, informs us that there are 11 warships that can be made ready within 48 hours.”
“Good,” said Aurelia. “How many pilots do we have able to fly warships?”
“Another 14 from the technology caste,” said Captain Forbes.
“And seven from the warrior caste,” said Commander Trask from the vidscreen.
“And me,” said the Layaz Warrior.
“So 22…too bad there are not more ships ready,” said Aurelia.
“Dex says he has an idea,” said the Layaz Warrior. He stepped aside and a small man in a brown uniform filled the vidscreen.
“If you can give us six months, we can modify eight cargo freighters to include shielding and offensive weapons, effectively turning them into warships.”
“I think six more months is too long,” said the commander from off-screen. “We’ve already spent two months travelling here and it will be another two for us to get back to the World.
“I agree,” said Boyle. “Right now, we have the element of surprise. They don’t know we’re coming. The sooner we get there, the better. Otherwise, someone might warn them of our coming.”
Aurelia wasn’t sure. Would eight more fighting ships be worth the risk that they might lose the element of surprise?
“Perhaps we could reduce that time frame by sending down our own workers to help,” suggested Detrick.
“That could work,” said Boyle. If we could cut that time in half, it would be worth it to have the extra ships.”
“How many qualified workers have you got up there?” asked Dex.
Boyle tapped a display inlaid on the tabletop in front of him. “We have 67 technology caste workers certified as mid-grade repair or higher.”
“We’ll have the modifications complete in less than three months,” Dex assured the princess with a grin. “We’re going to make you an armada to take back our World, Princess Aurelia. I’m honored to be a part of setting things right.” He bobbed his head and moved away from the vidscreen.

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian distributed nutriabars to the undernourished workers. Eagerly, they ripped the wrappings off and devoured the bars. They would be able to work more efficiently after they were fed. 
Soon, shuttles carrying more tech workers arrived at the factory. Dex was placed in charge of assigning and overseeing the work. Sebastian and Commander Trask remained on the planet to make sure nothing went wrong. Several more from the warrior caste were also shuttled to Rigal, just in case any security issues should arise.
Several days passed uneventfully. The Layaz Warrior learned the layout of the facility. The techs certainly seemed to be making good use of their time. There was an excitement in the air and a hustle on the factory floor. These people came alive under a challenge.
On the third day, as Sebastian made his rounds, he noticed a tech worker and a member of the warrior cast having a dispute. The female worker was raising her voice to the gray-clad warrior. Sebastian turned down the narrow corridor to investigate.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“Nothing I can’t handle,” replied the man.
“On the contrary, I think we need your assistance,” said a woman. She had black hair and almond-shaped eyes. Her skin tone matched that of her uniform. “This man says…”
Suddenly, the Layaz Warrior felt the fire welling up inside him. He was getting hotter and hotter. The woman’s face swam out of focus. He was burning. He tried to back away from them but was unsure that he would be able to do so. Blue flame burst forth all around him. Sebastian lost consciousness.
The Layaz Warrior awoke to find himself in an unfamiliar setting. His black suit was little more than rags. He recalled, with growing horror, what had happened. Sebastian tried to make sense of where he was. Spotting a display panel, he called up a map. He found that he was in an outlying mining complex. It was seventeen miles from the main buildings. He started running with all the strength that was left in him. Though waves of fatigue washed over him, the Layaz Warrior kept running. He had to know what had happened…what he had done. The beast had never before been triggered by something so minor. It just didn’t make any sense.
In forty-five minutes, the Layaz Warrior reached the hallway where he had changed. It was cordoned off with a rope across the access way. Sebastian saw gray uniformed men down the hallway and something on the ground. He had to know. The Layaz Warrior stepped over the rope and strode down the hall.
“There he is!” shouted one of the men, pulling a weapon. 
The Layaz Warrior didn’t care. He pushed past the man and saw the woman lying on the floor. Her dark eyes open but unseeing. There was blood everywhere. She was dead.
Sebastian felt a coldness well up within him. How could I have done this? Then he felt the blast of a stun weapon. How will she ever love me now?
When he awoke, he was laying on a cot in a dimly-lit cell. A metal wall to one side and bars on the other. Beyond the bars sat Princess Aurelia, evidently waiting for him to wake up. Her arms were folded across her chest. He couldn’t look at her. The Layaz Warrior didn’t even know what to say. He felt sick.
“The man?” he asked, finally.
“He was wounded but managed to escape.”
Sebastian nodded.
“Why did you do it?” asked Princess Aurelia, emotion in her voice.
“I don’t know.”



Chapter 6 – Not a Dream
Aurelia
The Layaz Warrior didn’t deny it. He didn’t explain what had happened. He didn’t even apologize. Aurelia was furious. She felt like walking right into his cell and slapping him. But she managed to maintain an outward composure. What a predicament he had placed her in! She needed him to win back her World. But, now, what choice did he give her? She couldn’t marry him, not after what he had done. So the only solution was to sentence him to death for the murder he had just committed. But she didn’t want that!
“How can you not know?” she asked tightly. “Did the woman or the warrior provoke you in any way?”
“No.”
“No?”
“No. I just changed for no reason…I can’t understand it.”
The Layaz Warrior just looked down at his hands. Aurelia felt a twinge of sorrow for Sebastian. But she couldn’t let it show. She had to be strong. He had brought this upon himself. She stood.
“I will have no choice but to sentence you to death.”
He nodded. “I understand.”
“And I will have my ring back.” 
She moved towards the bars and thrust her hand through, palm up. He pulled the ring from his finger, stood, and dropped it in her outstretched hand without touching her. The sparkle of the large garnet under the dim light brought the princess no pleasure. Still he said nothing. Did the warrior feel nothing too? Did he feel nothing even though he had ruined everything? Perhaps he had even caused the war to be lost through his folly!
“I will be glad to be free of you.” Hot anger lent fire to her words. “You repulse me.”
Aurelia strode out of the detention area. Tears filled her eyes but she blinked them away. If only he had been defiant or angry…or better yet, have had some reason for what he had done. She hated what would have to come next. But better to have it happen sooner than to have it drag on. She couldn’t afford to appear weak or Commander Trask and the others of the warrior caste would not continue to follow her. She would be free of the Layaz Warrior…but…it was not a freedom she looked forward to. It would be a great loss.
When Aurelia reached the bridge, there was some sort of commotion going on.
“What is it?” she asked Captain Forbes sharply.
“The workers are in an uproar down on Rigal.”
“About what has happened?”
“Yes. I’ve only talked to Commander Trask. I’m not quite sure what’s going on.”
“Put me through. I will speak with him.”
The captain tapped a sequence and moved so she could sit in his chair.
“Trask here.” The commander’s image appeared on the display. 
“What’s happening down there?”
“It’s the tech workers. They’re outraged at what has happened. I suggest you execute the Layaz immediately.”
Something about his tone bothered her.
“Put Dex on.”
“He’s unavailable at the moment.”
“Wrong answer, Commander. When the regent tells you, ‘Put Dex on’, you put Dex on. I expect complete cooperation from you, Trask.” 
“One moment, Your Highness. We will locate him for you.”
Dex appeared on the vidscreen only a moment later.
“Your Highness. Thank the powers that be! I have been telling this brute for the last half hour that I needed to speak with you.”
“Speak.”
“We don’t want the Layaz Warrior to die. He’s the last. Nissa…she was one of us. But we loved the old ways. She did too. I know Nissa wouldn’t have wanted him to die. What happened…it was an accident. A creature of war cooped up in a place like this. Surely he would be useful to you in your war efforts. Certainly his DNA should not be lost to death.”
“Is this the consensus of all the technology caste workers on the planet?”
“Yes, Your Highness. We had a meeting just as soon as we found out what happened. We’re all in agreement, both the locals and your people, provided, of course, that the Layaz Warrior is kept under lock and key so that no one else is injured or killed.”
“But…why is the commander pushing for a quick execution?”
“I don’t rightly know why these brutes are acting this way. I don’t understand why he wouldn’t let me talk with you. Is there any way you could call ‘em all back up to your ship? They’re doing nothing but getting in the way down here.”
“Your request regarding the Layaz Warrior will be considered, Dex. I will recall my warriors immediately. Put the commander back on.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” He bobbed and moved away from the screen.
Trask appeared back on the display.
“Commander Trask, I want you and all your men to shuttle up to this ship without delay.”
“Understood.” He bobbed his head and the screen went black.
Aurelia got up out of the captain’s chair. What is going on?
“Walk with me,” she said to Forbes.
He joined her in the lift. She thumbed the door closed, escaping the clamor of the bridge. Aurelia pressed the level where the detention cells were located.
“What do you think?”
His usual smile was gone, and his brown eyes held concern. He looked at her and shook his head. His fair hair was unkempt and Aurelia wondered if he was lacking sleep. 
“I don’t know.”
“What do you think I should do? I value your input.”
“These are matters…I am out of my depth, Your Highness.”
Aurelia nodded and sighed. She was too but didn’t have the luxury of saying so.
“But I think maybe the Tech workers are right,” said the Captain. “I don’t think we should lose his DNA. The Layaz…they are part of our history. A good part, an important part.”
“Yes,” said Aurelia slowly, “and I wanted that line to carry on, too. But now perhaps…perhaps it is time to accept…that…history is in the past.” She looked into the captain’s face. But there were no answers there. The door of the lift slid open to the detention level.
“Go talk to him,” she told the captain. “I need someone else’s perspective on this. Detrick and Boyle have already told me, in no uncertain terms, what they feel should happen. I…I just didn’t think I would have to execute the man who saved my life.”
“As you wish, Your Highness. Whatever I can do to help.”

Layaz Warrior
The outer door clanked open. Captain Forbes strode into the detention area. They stared at each other. 
“What?” asked the Layaz Warrior, finally.
“The princess said I am to talk with you. She wants me to help her decide…”
“What is there left to decide? I am a danger to those around me. To allow me to live would be…unsafe.”
“But, perhaps, there could be some way to make it safe. If we could keep you away from people, maybe you wouldn’t have to die.”
Sebastian saw the black-haired woman in his mind again. She was innocent. He shook his head.
“I am not fit to live.”
“Layaz Warrior, come to the bars.”
Sebastian stood and stepped to him.
“Give me your hand.”
The warrior reached his hand through the bars and the captain took it and held it in both of his hands. Forbes closed his eyes. 
“God, who created all that is, we submit this decision to your will. May Sebastian know the Truth, and the princess as well. Show her the Truth too. Grant Sebastian the courage to face whatever you call him to. So be it.”
Forbes opened his eyes and released Sebastian’s hand. The warrior’s mind was reeling. Was Forbes a mystic? That went against all that the royals had believed. The captain must have seen the turmoil roiling inside the warrior from the look on his face.
“Prayer to the one true God is much different than the craziness and the ‘gods’ imposed by Paiden and his ilk,” the captain explained. “I will speak to the princess on your behalf. I feel you should live.”
Then the man walked away, leaving Sebastian too stunned to reply.

Aurelia
Commander Trask had arrived, along with the other warriors who had been on Rigal. The injured warrior was taken to the clinic to be examined by the medic onboard. Aurelia would stop by there first. She wanted the woman’s body examined as well. Something just wasn’t right. What was going on with Commander Trask? And why had the Layaz warrior attacked without reason?
Upon reaching the clinic, she found the medic at his desk. 
“Have you examined the warrior?”
“Yes, Your Highness. Wounds consistent with those made by a Layaz Dragon.”
“And the woman’s body?”
“I was informed that her body was cremated on Rigal.”
“What?! Who ordered that?”
“I believe it was Commander Trask.”
Aurelia stormed away. What was Trask hiding? She found the commander in the council room, with Detrick and Boyle.
“What’s going on, Trask? Why was the woman’s body cremated?”
“Cremation is standard procedure for deaths that occur off-World,” the commander replied coolly.
“What’s wrong?” asked Detrick.
“I wanted her body examined.”
“I apologize, Your Highness. I didn’t realize you would want the body examined….May I ask why?”
“I wanted to know if there was anything unusual about her. I want to find out why the Layaz Warrior was triggered. It just doesn’t make sense.”
“What does it matter,” asked Boyle, “since he’s going to be executed anyway?”
She looked at him fiercely. “Do not over-step, Boyle. I will decide what happens to the Layaz Warrior.” She was the princess. They would not pressure her into a decision she would regret. “You are all dismissed back to your work assignments.”
Boyle opened his mouth as if to protest. Then, apparently, he thought better of it because he merely bobbed his head. She followed them to the lift and watched them each get off at different floors. Aurelia couldn’t afford to fight her own people. Division or worse - mutiny - could destroy her chances of re-taking her World. She needed to seize control of the situation. But, to do that, she needed to understand what had happened. Aurelia needed to talk with Captain Forbes.
The Princess entered the bridge and called the captain aside into one of the meeting rooms.
“Did you learn anything from talking with the Layaz Warrior?”
“I think you should let him live.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.” Forbes shrugged. “I just feel like it is the right thing to do.”
She looked at the man for a long moment, her mind coming to rest on what she must do.
“Summon Dex. I want him in the war council when I announce my decision. Tell Dex he will have another chance to speak for the Layaz Warrior.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“And you will also speak for the Layaz Warrior.”
“Yes.”
“Very well. Schedule a council meeting for after Dex arrives onboard.”
Captain Forbes bobbed his head and went out to make it happen.
The meeting of the war council took place three hours later. Dex had resisted the summons to the ship, trying to explain that there was too much to do. Princess Aurelia had to speak with him directly through the vid feed. Once he understood that he was needed in order to save the life of the Layaz Warrior, he complied, with the caveat that the work on the ships might take an additional two days.
When the council was assembled, Aurelia felt only a flutter of uneasiness. She was the princess. The decision was hers to make. She had to do what she felt was right. Even if it was not a popular decision.
“I call this meeting to order.”
The men looked at her expectantly. Commander Trask was frowning. He knew. Or he suspected.
“We are here to discuss the Layaz Warrior in regards to the tragic death of Nissa of the Technology Caste. Dex, please share with us the sentiments of the workers of Rigal.” She spoke quickly, not meeting Detrick’s sharp look.
“Thank you for inviting me to this meeting, Your Highness. You honor me. The workers met shortly after Nissa's death. We loved that girl. She was like a sister to me. We discussed Nissa’s death at length and we all came to the conclusion that she would not want the death of the last Layaz Warrior. He is a creature bred for war. He should be spared to function in that capacity, as a warrior for the princess. The Layaz line should not end. We request the Layaz Warrior be spared.”
“My advisors, your thoughts?”
Captain Forbes jumped in before anyone else had a chance, as they had planned. “He must be allowed to live until the war effort is ended, Your Highness. An immediate execution would be premature and pointless. Disposing of a valuable asset before the outcome is secure is a waste of resources. After our World is yours, then the fate of the Layaz Warrior can be decided. That way, the Layaz line can be propagated if the princess wishes.”
“I concur,” said Aurelia hurriedly. “He can't hurt anyone else, locked up in the detention center. And I will need him if it comes to battle. I proclaim his sentence deferred until the fate of our World is assured.”
“But, Your Highness!” Boyle exploded.
“This is my decision, Gentlemen. And I have decided. The Layaz Warrior will live until after we have taken our World.”
“I would like to officially register my objection. We won't be safe until that thing is put down,” said the commander.
 “Commander Trask, why are you pushing so hard on this issue?” asked the princess.
“The Layaz Warrior…it is an abomination.”
“That sounds awfully like the kind of propaganda Paiden is shoving at us,” remarked Dex.
“If that DNA were mixed with crown blood...it is tainted, unclean. The Layaz is an abomination,” Trask said.
“Objection noted,” said the princess. She pursed her lips. “Commander, you are not to speak of this again. Not to your men, not to Boyle, not to anyone. Understood?”
Trask bobbed his head.
Princess Aurelia dismissed the war council. The men gathered their papers and shuffled out. Dex and Captain Forbes remained behind. 
With only the three of them left in the meeting room, the captain visibly relaxed. “That went well,” he said, with a half-grin.
“Something is wrong with that man,” said Dex. “You'd better keep an eye on Trask.”
“I assure you, I will. Thanks for the advice,” said the captain.
“Captain Forbes, does this ship have audio monitoring capability?” asked Aurelia.
“Yes, the audio can be picked up in most areas throughout the ship.”
“I want to know everything Commander Trask says and to whom he says it. Put someone you trust in charge of monitoring the audio feed. Inform me immediately if you hear anything suspicious.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Dex, return to Rigal. Get those ships done.”
Something wasn't right and she had better figure out what it was. Time was of the essence and it was slipping through her fingers.

Layaz Warrior
They would space him, he finally concluded. It was easy and wouldn't cost anything. As death went, it wasn't too bad. It would be over pretty quickly. Sebastian toyed with the idea of bringing out the dragon at the end. That way he wouldn't feel it. But, after more thought, he discarded the idea. He didn't want to meet eternity as the beast. If there were anything after this life, he wanted to face it with his eyes wide open. He wanted to become right in his soul, if it were possible.
The door to the detention area clanked open. Captain Forbes walked into view.
“The war council has met. Princess Aurelia has made a decision.”
“Yes?”
“Your sentence is deferred until our World has been reclaimed. The princess feels she will need you for the war effort.”
Sebastian could hardly believe the news.
“You will remain in this cell until further notice,” said the Captain.
“Thank you,” said Sebastian.
The captain nodded and smiled. 

Aurelia
Aurelia awoke to see a man seated on the edge of her bed. Her room was large, for shipboard quarters. It held treasures that had belonged to her family for generations, treasures that had been salvaged and returned to her by the Technology Caste. Her room was always well guarded. How did someone get past the warriors at the door? The man was watching her. She sat up quickly and would have protested in anger and called for the guards if she hadn’t realized, in astonishment, that she recognized him. He didn’t give the impression of being someone of importance but, with one look into his deep brown eyes, she knew. She knew who he was. His brow was creased and his eyes held sorrow.
“You have made a mistake,” he said gently. 
“What do you mean?”
“You have been unkind to Sebastian.”
Aurelia looked down at her blanket, and her eyes filled with tears. She had been unkind. Justice was what she should have focused on. The last thing she had said to the warrior…it had not been right. She remembered the look of pain that had crossed his face…worse than when she had told him he would have to die.
“Come and sit beside me.” He patted the edge of the bed next to him. Aurelia pushed free of the covers and climbed to the edge of the bed beside him. She leaned her head against his shoulder for a moment. Contrary to what she had heard about him, he was solid and real. He didn’t rebuff her.
“I’m sorry.” She looked up into his open face.
“You believe in me, Aurelia.”
“Yes,” she said solemnly.
“You have seen that I have been helping you.”
“Yes.”
“Be kind to Sebastian.” 
“I will.”
“Good.” He smiled and the smile lit up his eyes. 
She was sure that his face was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. It was as if pure light was pouring out from him and, yet, he was not glowing. Then he was gone. Aurelia was gazing into empty space. The princess looked around. She was alone, sitting on the edge of her bed. It was like he had never been there. But the princess knew that he had.
Quickly, she threw a robe over her nightclothes. The guards at her door would see her in this state of dress. The princess decided it could not be helped. She would speak to Sebastian now. Aurelia needed to set things right.
On reaching the detention level, she spoke to the caste warrior on duty.
“Buzz me into his cell.”
The gray clad warrior looked at her for a moment, without speaking.
“Your Highness, that would be most unwise.”
“Do as I say.”
Aurelia strode to the inner area. The Layaz Warrior was sitting up on the cot, his eyes closed. She heard the door buzz, indicating it was unlocked. Aurelia pulled it open, slipped inside, and let it click shut behind her.
His unusual eyes snapped open. In the dim light of the cell, his pupils appeared almost round as he stared at her. 
“Your Highness? I don’t understand…is this a dream?” 
“No.” She went and sat beside him on the cot. Aurelia leaned her head on his shoulder as she had done with the man that had been in her room. 
“I’m sorry for my words earlier. It was wrong of me to say that.” She twisted the heavy signet ring around her thumb. It saddened her that she could not give it back to him. But surely she could not.
Sebastian slid away from her.
“It was right, what you said. You should be free of me.” He wouldn’t meet her gaze now.
She took his hand and he did not pull away.
“It wasn’t right, Sebastian. I’m sorry.”
“But…” he protested, “the woman on the planet…I deserve to die.”
“Something strange happened down there. And I mean to find out what.”
“Yes. It was strange.” He shook his head.
Aurelia caressed his long fingers. “Sebastian, forgive me for my unkind words…for saying that you repulse me. It’s not even true. In some ways you have…frightened me. But…I care for you.”

Layaz Warrior
He looked at her delicate hand, holding his. What was she doing here? Was this a dream? How could she be sitting next to him? How could she be touching him? Sebastian loathed himself. He was unworthy of her friendship. Yet her touch felt so good. He looked up into her blue eyes, filled with concern, and realized that she had spoken.
“Yes, of course. I…I forgive you.” But what was there to forgive? He was a beast and she was the princess. How would she not be repulsed by him? How would she not want to be rid of him? Yet, here she was, in her nightclothes, stroking his hand, saying that she cared for him. It was almost too much to bear. Any hope he once had of being hers one day was certainly, utterly lost. But he would be grateful for what he did have - for this moment, with the princess sitting next to him, holding his hand. 
He awoke, sitting up, leaning against the cell wall. The princess was still with him! Her head was resting on his shoulder as she dozed.
“Your Highness,” he said gently. “Wake up.”
Aurelia woke up groggily and rubbed her face.
“I think you should go before the whole ship awakes.”
She blinked at him, slowly coming to herself.
“Yes, of course, you’re right. I just wish I could take you with me.”
He shook his head.
The door to the detention area banged open. It was the medic. He looked at them both for a moment, before speaking. Sebastian could not tell what passed through the man’s mind.
“Your Highness, I need you to come to the clinic right away. There’s something I have to show you.”
Aurelia stood.
“I’ll get dressed and meet you there. Have the guard buzz me out.”
“Yes, Highness.” 
The medic disappeared and the door buzzed. Aurelia yanked it open, slipped out, and sent the door sailing closed behind her with a loud bang. She turned to look at him before she left.
“I was kind to you now, yes Sebastian?”
“Yes. Very kind.”
“Good.” A faint smile crossed her lips.
The Layaz Warrior smiled too as the door to the detention area closed behind her. Thank you!



Chapter 7 – The Warrior Caste
Aurelia
Dressed and in the clinic, Aurelia stood looking at the display screen that the medic, Ceris Tam, was showing her. On the vid were some pinkish blobs on a pinkish-red background and some purple-colored, spiny things that looked similar to snowflakes.
“I don’t understand what I’m looking at.”
“This is why the man’s wounds aren’t healing properly, why he’s not getting better.”
“The man who was injured by the dragon on Rigal?”
“Yes. This is a microscopic photo of one of Saed’s wounds. See this here?” Ceris Tam pointed to the purple spindles. “These are not supposed to be here.”
“What are they?”
“Scheva.”
Aurelia looked at the medic in panic. 
“No, no, don’t worry. Trust me, I was horrified, too, when I first saw the molecular structure. But this Scheva’s not carrying a biologic weapon. Scheva was developed as a medium to deploy biological molecules into the air and to keep the molecules airborne. I have analyzed this Scheva. This Scheva was used to carry only a simple human hormone - namely adrenaline.”
“If it was only used to carry adrenaline, why aren’t his wounds healing?”
“The Scheva medium itself is toxic when it enters the blood, through an open wound for instance. The Scheva is no longer active and so it cannot harm anyone else and is not contagious in anyway. But Saed has been poisoned and I’m not sure if I’ll be able to save him. I’m not experienced in dealing with Scheva poisoning. It happens so infrequently that I have very little information on it in the data banks.”
 “What does this mean?” Aurelia was stunned. She thought she already knew what it meant.
“I think the warrior may die.”
“And?” She stared at the medic until he continued.
“I have no evidence as to how the adrenaline-laden Scheva came to be in this man’s wounds. Any postulation I put forth would be mere speculation….but I can tell by the look on your face that you are coming to your own conclusions.”
“Yes. Yes I am. Thank you for contacting me about this. You haven’t told anyone else?”
“I…I didn’t know whom I should trust. I signed on to this mission because I support you, Princess Aurelia. So I told you.”
“Thank you. Tell no one else.”
“Understood.”
Aurelia took the lift to the bridge. Captain Forbes was there and looked relieved to see her. He motioned her to one of the small conference rooms. Forbes closed the door before he began to speak.
“He’s been talking all right. Listen to this.” He sat at the table and tapped the display panel to bring up the recording.
Aurelia listened in emotional turmoil. Boyle and Trask had decided that the Layaz Warrior would die. They discussed several possible ways of making it happen and then agreed to meet again.
“And that’s not all,” said Aurelia. “I just discovered that someone filled that corridor on Rigal with airborne adrenaline. Which explains why Sebastian changed when he was not threatened.”
“Trask or Boyle? Or both?”
“I don’t know,” said Aurelia, “but my instincts tell me it was Trask. You heard him. He thinks Sebastian is an abomination.” 
“But you have no evidence linking him to the adrenaline?”
“No.”
“With just the conversation between the two of them, you have enough to charge them both with treason.”
“Yes, but that action might be enough to precipitate a mutiny. Then our World would certainly be lost.”
“I think we need to bring someone else in on this investigation,” said the captain.
“Detrick.”
“But he seemed in favor of the Layaz Warrior’s death.”
“He has known me since I was a girl. Detrick is like an uncle to me. Even if everything else goes wrong, I know I can count on him to fall in on my side.”

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian was tired. Guilt was a cruel master. It had not allowed him any sleep, save for the short rest he had when the princess sat with him. The way she had caressed his fingers flashed back into his mind. The princess had been very kind indeed.
Now that he knew he would live a little longer, he wondered what kind of life it might be. He wouldn’t be king. He wouldn’t live in a golden palace nor wear silk suits nor sit on padded chairs. But Sebastian cared nothing for these things. Wealth and being a lord meant nothing to him. He would miss her nearness, though. And he was sorry that he would never have the chance to try to make her happy. But perhaps he could yet please her. Not as a husband but as a warrior. He would win the war for her if he could. 
Sitting on the edge of his cot, the warrior cradled his head in his hands, loathing what he was. He hated himself. How could he ever please her? He hated himself not only for what he had done but for what he was. Sebastian knew he could never be a suitable match for her. He just wasn't...nice.
“I didn't make you to be 'nice’.”
The warrior looked up from his misery and saw an unimpressive man, sitting beside him on the cot! Brown hair, brown eyes. Not tall by modern standards. He was grinning broadly and looking at Sebastian expectantly. What was happening to him? He recognized who this must be but…this was not of science or of logic. Yet, deep down, the warrior had always believed in him, ever since Sebastian was a child in his mother’s arms.
“What?” asked Sebastian, finally.
“God didn't make you to be 'nice'. Oh sure, he made loads of people to be 'nice' but not you.”
“God made me?” The Layaz Warrior felt overwhelmed. The Layaz DNA had been tampered with in centuries past; some people didn't even consider his kind to be human.
“Of course.”
“What did He make me for?”
“You know. Step into your true self, your true nature.”
“But...I'm a murderer.”
“That is what they have made you out to be. Step into your true self. Then you will know peace and joy.”
“I've heard the old stories...You're...” the warrior trailed off.
“Of course.” The man smiled amicably.
“But you look…so happy.”
“Doing the will of God makes me so.” His smile reached his eyes and overflowed from there to Sebastian. 
“From the stories...it didn't seem like you would be happy.”
“Satisfied,” said the man. “Some things were difficult but doing what God wants me to is deeply satisfying.” He smiled even wider and Sebastian found himself smiling too, despite himself.
“You didn’t do it.”
“What?”
“You didn’t kill her.” The man was frowning now. “An evil thing has been done and must be made right.”
“What do you mean?”
“Seek God. And you will come to be who you were made to be. You will find your true nature. And once you are doing what you were made for, you will feel joy.”
“But how can I seek God?”
“Seek God and you will find Him. Warrior, you have been formed from fire. God has created you for a purpose.”
The warrior bobbed his head in submission and, when he looked back to the spot beside his cot, the place was empty. It was like the man had never been there. But the warrior knew that he had. 
Ever since Sebastian had been a little child, he had prayed. And now he knew for certain: the old writings were true! Sebastian had to talk to the princess! But what could he say? He didn’t do it? But all evidence pointed to the contrary. If he hadn’t killed the woman, who had? And why had he changed for no reason? 

Aurelia
That afternoon, Aurelia had Detrick summoned to her sitting room. She stood to greet him as he entered. Detrick hugged her, just as any uncle would.
“Come and sit,” she said. “I need your help.” Aurelia showed him the evidence, beginning with the doctor’s report and finishing with the recorded conversation between Boyle and Commander Trask.
“So,” Detrick said finally, “it wasn’t the Layaz Warrior’s fault.”
“Do you know who is responsible?”
“No,” Detrick replied.
“What Trask and Boyle said…It amounts to treason.”
“Yes.”
“What shall I do? I can’t afford a mutiny. Both Trask and Boyle have many loyal followers.”
“Who else knows about this?” Detrick asked.
“I have taken Captain Forbes into my confidence.”
“We must proceed with great caution. You were right to call me.”
“I will not allow the Layaz Warrior to be killed, Detrick. Especially not now that this evidence has come to light.”
“I understand. Give me a day to look into this. Let me see what I can find out. And double the detention area guard. Have Forbes assign people we can trust.”
Aurelia nodded agreement. Detrick rose slowly, his body stooped, as if he had aged 20 years since he sat down. He sighed heavily.
“You must lead with your heart and your head, child.”
“I will try.”
He hugged her again. “Be careful Aurelia. I love you, girl. Surround yourself closely with those you can trust.”
“I will. Thank you, Detrick.”
He released her and shuffled to the door.
“We will get through this,” she said to his back.
Detrick turned and smiled weakly before stepping out into the corridor. 
Aurelia sat down again at the table. She was about to message Captain Forbes about doubling the guards when the display panel beeped. It was an incoming message from the medic, Ceris.
Please come to the clinic at your earliest convenience.
Aurelia stood. She had better go now.
At the clinic, the doctor motioned her in, with a wild look in his eye. The door slid closed behind her. 
“You were right to spare the Layaz. Take a look at this!”
He tapped the display panel on his desk. Aurelia moved closer.
“The Scheva poisoning is causing a high fever. The warrior is talking almost non-stop. Listen to what he is saying.” Sound began to play through the speakers.
“I killed her. I killed her. I cut her with a knife. But I was following orders. The commander’s orders.”
Tam clicked off the feed. “But I don’t know if it would pass as legal evidence, since the man is so far gone.”
“It’s evidence enough for me. Are you recording it?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you for calling me, Tam.” Aurelia strode from the room, full of purpose. Sebastian was innocent. 
Aurelia marched to the detention center. First things first. She stopped in front of the gray-clad man on guard duty. 
“Buzz me in.”
The man hesitated, looked into her face, and then complied. Aurelia pulled open the outer door and went in. She heard the buzz of the lock releasing. Aurelia yanked on the cell door and held it open. Sebastian looked at her in surprise. She motioned him to come out.
“You didn’t do it,” she said, as they walked back to the front desk. The guard’s expression was one of shock and dismay.

Layaz Warrior
He was exultant. It was true! He didn’t do it! The princess knew! And she wouldn’t have released him if she didn’t have evidence. 
The guard gaped in bewilderment. His right hand reached for his weapon.
“Don’t do it,” said the Layaz Warrior.
“Disarm him,” said the princess.
The guard looked from the princess to the Layaz Warrior. Quicker than the guard’s decision, the Layaz Warrior had the guard’s own weapon pointed at him.
“Well done. And we’ll have his handheld scanning device as well.”
This time, the man handed it over of his own volition. 
“Now, I have a few questions for you. Please turn the scanner on, Lord Sebastian.”
He thumbed the scanner on with his left hand.
“Warrior, were you aware that Lord Sebastian did not kill the woman tech on Rigal?”
“No.”
“Is he lying?” asked the princess, still looking at the guard.
“The reading is ambiguous.”
“Were you aware that Commander Trask ordered one of your caste members to murder the woman?”
“No.”
“The readings indicate that he is lying, Princess Aurelia.”
“It was the only way to get rid of that…that abomination,” the guard sputtered. “If we knew we would be rescuing that beast as well as you, we warriors would have never come looking for you. Better Paiden than that thing and its tainted blood.”
“I’ve heard enough. You recorded that with the handheld, Lord Sebastian?”
 “Yes, Your Highness.”
“Good. Lock him up.”
Sebastian motioned the guard towards the cell. He relieved the man of the keys, pushed him into the cell, and pulled the door closed, locking him in. Then Sebastian followed the princess to the lift.
“Trask was behind this?”
“Yes. Airborne adrenaline is what made you change. But you didn’t kill the woman. The warrior, who had been arguing with her in the hallway, did. Trask ordered it.”
On the lift to the bridge, Aurelia pulled the signet ring from her thumb. She took his hand and looked up into his face. Then she slipped the ring onto the ring finger of his left hand. Joy welled up inside him. They gazed into each other’s eyes for a moment. 
When the doors opened, there were several gasps from the command crew when they saw the Layaz Warrior. The weight of her ring on his finger filled him with confidence. He strode out onto the bridge. Captain Forbes didn’t appear phased. The princess went directly to him.
“Captain Forbes, have commander Trask arrested. Everyone in the warrior caste is to be arrested. The medic has uncovered evidence that the Layaz Warrior did not kill the woman. Rather, it was the warrior, Saed, under the direct order of Commander Trask.”
“The warriors are to be arrested. Make it happen,” he instructed his second-in-command. “This needs to be done very quickly so that they don’t know it’s coming.”
Ella bobbed her head and turned to a display panel to tap in the order. 
“There are 50 men of the warrior caste, under Commander Trask,” said Captain Forbes. “Pray that we may be able to arrest them all before Trask knows what’s happening.”
Pray? Forbes was clearly some type of mystic… Yet he was loyal to the princess. Aurelia made no comment on Forbes’ strange remark. In fact, she didn’t even look surprised.
“I’m sealing the doors to the bridge,” said Captain Forbes. “Better safe than sorry. We don’t want the control of the ship to fall to the warriors. They may try to mutiny if they catch wind of what’s happening. Ella, radio the other ships and tell those captains to do the same.”
Ella bobbed and turned away to tap on the panel again. Heavy metal doors came out of the ceiling and slid downwards, covering both accesses to the bridge.
One of the Tech workers brought Princess Aurelia a chair. The Layaz Warrior had no task assigned to him. So, finally, he did what Forbes had suggested. He prayed that things would be set right.
Seventeen minutes and thirty-five seconds from the time when the order went out, all the caste warriors had been arrested and confined, including Commander Trask and Captain Boyle. 
 
Aurelia
Aurelia was relieved. There had been no stand-off. No mutiny. 
“First, I must see Boyle to find out if he knew about this. Then we will convene the war council. Captain Forbes, please give me the location of Captain Boyle and then arrange a meeting of the war council for one hour from now.”
“Yes, Highness. Boyle is here.” He passed her a handheld screen showing Boyle’s location.
“Thank you. Lord Sebastian, please come with me.” 
They took the lift down to the detention area and found Boyle’s cell. He came to the bars when he saw her. 
“My men and I knew nothing of Trask’s deception.” 
Sebastian already had the handheld scanner out, pointed at him. “The device registers him as telling the truth.”
“Could it be wrong?” asked Aurelia.
“It’s possible. There are some who have trained with it and have learned to lie without any outward signs.”
She sighed. “I have to be sure. Assess every palace guard. If none of them knew about it, then you can let them all, out along with Boyle.”
“Understood.”
***
One hour later the war council was convened, minus Commander Trask. The medic was in attendance, to present the evidence. Everyone was thoroughly convinced by the evidence Ceris Tam presented. 
“What are we going to do with them?” asked Detrick.
“Death for treason doesn’t seem too harsh, considering how Trask pushed for Lord Sebastian’s execution,” said another of the Tech leaders.
“I don’t want to do that if I don’t have to,” said Aurelia. “What other options do we have?”
“Leave them confined to the detention cells,” suggested Boyle.
Boyle would suggest something like that! Aurelia was unhappy with the fact that he was in the room at all, given that he had conspired with Trask to get rid of Sebastian when she had wanted to spare him. But, as Captain of the Guard, he was too powerful, politically, to just throw in a cell along with Trask. On their World, he had been her father’s main advisor. These people looked up to him. It had been determined that none of Boyle’s men knew about Trask’s plan to murder the girl and frame Sebastian. So, to avert a revolt, Boyle was here.
“I don’t feel comfortable with that,” said Captain Forbes. “I don’t want them on my ship. It’s too dangerous. We can’t afford to lose control to them or the princess will be at risk. What if there are other traitors still at large? They would try to release the caste warriors.” 
Aurelia noted that the Captain was careful not to look in Boyle’s direction when he suggested that there might be other traitors.
“I agree,” said Detrick. “The risk is too high.”
“What about the planet?” asked Aurelia. “Can we maroon or confine them on Rigal?”
The council was silent.
“We need more information,” said Aurelia. “Get Dex on the vid feed. I think the planet is the only viable option. Let’s find out how he could see that working.”
In a few moments, Captain Forbes had a connection and Dex was on the three-sided main screen that hung over the large wooden table.
“Dex here.”
The Captain explained their current situation. Dex’s face contorted in anger.
“Space them. They killed our Nissa and then framed the last of the Layaz Warriors.”
“Isn’t there some way to confine them on the planet?” asked Aurelia.
“We don’t want them here,” Dex said flatly. “If they’re a danger there for you, they’ll be a danger here for us. I don’t have enough food and water for my own people.”
“You’re right,” said Aurelia. “The planet won’t work. Any other ideas?”
“I can see you are a gracious and compassionate leader,” said Dex. “We could put them in a non-functioning ship with moisture recycling facilities set in Rigal’s orbit.”
The council considered the idea for a few moments. 
“This is the best option we’ve thought of so far,” said Captain Forbes. “I think we should proceed with it.”
Aurelia waited to hear from the other men. She wanted to be sure she was making the right decision. Detrick and Boyle were both nodding, as were some other men in the room.
“Is there anyone who disagrees with this suggested course of action?” asked Aurelia.
“The only thing better would be to space them,” said one council member, but barring that well-deserved fate, this is the next best thing.”
“We will proceed. The warrior caste will be imprisoned on an engineless ship orbiting Rigal,” Aurelia announced. 
She let the men go over the details about how to implement the plan. Aurelia was exhausted. This day had felt like the longest in her life.

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian could see fatigue on the face of the princess. She had been awake for far too many hours, especially with her coming to visit him in the detention cell and staying with him for the night. When the meeting finally adjourned, he escorted her to her chambers. There was no guard posted at the door to her rooms.
“All the caste warriors have been arrested. That’s why there’s no guard,” she murmured.
“It is not safe,” he said. “I will stand guard while you sleep.”
“Nonsense. I’m sure you’ve been awake too long as it is. Come with me.”
She took his hand and he followed her in. Princess Aurelia locked the outer door and led him into the inner room. It was her sleeping chamber. She looked around as if seeing it for the first time. Perhaps he should not be here? 
“Do you mind sleeping on the floor?” she asked.
“That would be fine.”
She took a thick comforter from an ornate, wooden, free-standing wardrobe. The princess spread it out on the floor next to her bed.
“You must be tired too. Will this do?”
“It is more than I deserve.” He felt a peculiar ache in his chest. To go from a metal detention cell confinement to this. “Thank you.” Thank you!
He lay on the floor in the dark and listened to the rustling and breathing of the princess. Soon the breaths came more slowly and rhythmically. His princess was safe and resting. A small, black predator slinked out from under the bed. The princess must have brought it with her from Quisquiliae. Surprisingly, the animal settled in beside him and purred. It was a pleasant sound.
He considered what his life would be now. Dare he hope? The princess had given him back her signet ring. Did that mean…Would it be wrong to wish for such a thing? She had been kind to him. That would be enough. He would not allow himself to expect more; he would be content. Tomorrow would be a busy day and he would need to be alert in order to transfer the caste warriors to the prison ship that was being prepared. Sebastian gave himself permission to sleep. He would hear it if anyone came in. 
A buzz sounded. The Layaz Warrior’s eyes snapped open. Hours had passed he was sure. He felt alert. Sebastian scanned the darkened room for the source of the sound. The princess was already out of the bed and reaching for the panel.
“Yes?” she said into the device.
Captain Forbes’ face appeared on the screen.
“Your Highness, sorry for the interruption. I wanted to advise you that the ship to hold the prisoners is in orbit and ready for the caste warriors to be shuttled over. Twenty people will fit on one shuttle so we will need to use at least three or possibly four shuttles, depending on how many people we send along to guard the warriors. We would like to get this done as soon as possible. I will feel a lot better once those men are off my ship.”
“Tell them to wait for me,” said the Layaz Warrior, standing to his feet. “I will help guard the prisoners during transport.”
“Yes, Sir.” If the captain felt any surprise at seeing him there in the princess’s chamber, he did not let it show. The image blinked off.
In the dim light of the glowing blue vidscreen, the warrior and the princess looked at each other. They exchanged tentative smiles.
“This may take a while,” said Sebastian. “Make sure Captain Forbes assigns a guard to your door.”
He hustled to the lift and rode it down to the detention level. In the lift, he made sure he had a stun beam weapon and his knife.
When the caste warriors saw him, they began to chant, “Abomination, abomination, abomination. Death, death, death.”
The Technology caste workers looked confused and frightened. Most of them were not used to dealing with this level of aggression. Sebastian tapped a communication panel. The captain’s voice answered.
“This is Lord Sebastian. The caste warriors are behaving in a threatening manner. I suggest that all caste warriors be stunned and carried onto the shuttles and then onto the ship, unconscious.”
“If that’s what you feel would be best,” the captain replied via the radio, “do it.”
The Layaz Warrior checked his gun was on the stun setting. Sebastian mechanically shot one warrior at a time and left the workers to carry the bodies. Soon all three shuttles were loaded. He chose one of the shuttles and went along for the ride, down to the prison ship. The flight took less than half an hour. Soon, the workers were unloading the unconscious cargo. 

Aurelia
The transfer of the prisoners had been carried out according to plan. Except for the palace guard, all the caste warriors, who had been with them, were now marooned on a ship with no propulsion drive, orbiting Rigal. There was no way for them to escape. Nowhere for them to go. No way for them to get away. It seemed the perfect solution. Aurelia knew, though, that sooner or later, they would need to be dealt with in a more permanent manner. The moisture recycling would last indefinitely, barring any technical failures. But they could only afford to leave the caste warriors four and a half months worth of rations. If Aurelia won, she would send out more provisions for the criminals. If not…they would share her fate.
Now that the crisis was over, Aurelia turned her attention back to the spaceship modification happening on the planet’s surface. Even with all that had occurred, the work was well underway. In fact, Dex said the ships were almost ready. 
The medic had informed her that Saed, the caste warrior who had killed the technology caste worker on Rigal, had died. Ceris Tam had not been able to cure him from the Scheva poisoning.
The Layaz Warrior stood near to her. He had been shadowing her almost constantly for the past few days, ever since she had sprung him from that cage. She was grateful for the most part - glad for the protection. What were his thoughts? Was he just protecting her or…did he love her as he had professed on Quisquiliae? Would she marry him after all? Would they find joy together? How quickly things had flipped again! She shoved the thoughts away. Aurelia needed to concentrate on what was happening. If they were able to save their World, and if the Layaz Warrior lived, she would have plenty of time then to ponder such things. She stepped forward, putting some space between her and her dragon-eyed shadow.
“Incoming transmission from Rigal,” said Ella. 
Dex appeared on the main vidscreen.
“The ships are almost ready. How many pilots did we lose in the warrior insurrection?”
“Seven,” answered Captain Forbes. “That brings the total down to fifteen.”
“It’s too bad you’ll have to leave behind seven excellent battle-ready ships,” said Dex. “But I have a solution to that if you can give one more month.”
“What’s your idea?” asked the captain.
“Turn them into shadow ships that will follow lead ships, shoot at the same targets, be controlled by the lead ships via remote.”
Captain Forbes looked at Princess Aurelia. She turned to the Layaz Warrior. 
“What do you think, Lord Sebastian?” His unusual blue eyes looked past her to the vidscreen as he considered the option.
“I think we need the fire power. We should wait.”
“Very well,” said Aurelia. “Carry out that plan, Dex. We thank you for your excellent idea. Your outstanding service to the crown will not be forgotten.”
Dex bobbed his head and the screen flicked off.



Chapter 8 – The Bodies of the Innocent
Layaz Warrior
Two weeks later, all the ships were complete. Dex had another surprise for them. He had not only made the eight surplus ships into shadow vessels but everything on Rigal that could fly had been outfitted with an autopilot and remote control combo. They would have an additional 307 ships to bolster their armada. Dex had explained that these other ships had no weaponry or defensive capability; many of them didn’t even have life support but they would give the impression of a sizable force and would draw fire away from the other ships, if it came down to a firefight. They could also be hurled directly at other ships or the planet, Kamikaze style, if the need arose.
Before their departure, Sebastian had spoken with Dex about the water situation on Rigal. The Layaz Warrior had made the man aware of the fresh water supply on the waste world of Quisquiliae and had also warned him about the pirates who obtained water there. Dex intended to fortify their position on Rigal and build more ships and weapons so that, even if the princess’ campaign on their World were unsuccessful, they would have somewhere to fall back to.
The Layaz Warrior would captain one of the warships and lead a fleet of shadow vessels. Sebastian assumed that the princess would remain aboard Captain Forbes’ ship. The Layaz Warrior felt uneasy with the arrangement. He felt a strong need to be near to her to protect her. What if there were some among the Technology caste that had been in league with the Warrior Caste? How could he be sure she was safe? She trusted Captain Forbes and he seemed like a good man. But…did he look to her as more than just his princess?
The war council meeting would begin in several minutes. Princess Aurelia was already there. The Layaz Warrior took his place beside her. Soon Princess Aurelia began the meeting.
“What we need to decide on,” said Captain Forbes, “is our plan regarding the Alpha Military Outpost.”
“Tell me about Alpha Outpost,” said the princess.
“According to data taken from Commander Trask’s files, the Alpha Outpost maintains 75 fully equipped and staffed warships,” said Forbes.
“Our pilots will be outmanned and outgunned,” said Boyle.
“But we will have the element of surprise,” said Captain Forbes. “And the warriors there will not know that our other 300 ships are merely shadow vessels.”
“True,” said Detrick. 
“We must fight them,” said Forbes. “The only question is how? What tactic will we use? We should have some sort of plan going in. We need to sweep Alpha Outpost off the map to clear the way for us to reclaim our World.”
The men looked expectantly towards Princess Aurelia. Her strong blue eyes came to rest on Sebastian’s face.
“I think we will need to wait and make those decisions as we come to them. We are two months out from the outpost. Perhaps, somehow, we will not have to fight at all.” He hoped it would be true. 
The princess’s eyes swept around the small room. No one else said anything. “Very well,” she said, “let’s make for the Alpha Outpost.”

Aurelia
As the princess slept that night, her rest was disturbed. A dream from the past haunted her, as it had many times before. Images swirled, carrying the taste of fear and regret; the falling of black translucent balloons, filled with angry black dust, falling, falling, falling in the dark. Slowly the blackness lifted.
She watched the guests arrive with their bright, colorful clothing and glittering jewels. These were the important people of the ruling caste and the most noteworthy other-caste folk from all over the world. Today would mark the beginning of a new age, her father had told her. It really would be the most wonderful of parties! Already, she and some of her friends had danced around the adults and tasted some of the delightful food served on trays of silver. Aurelia was five years old, full of excitement and expectation.
She and her cousins and the children of her servants had spied on the guests as they arrived. They giggled and ran through the grand estate in delight. When the adults were dancing, the children giggled all the more. They hid behind a large tapestry and played in a wide hallway, holding hands and spinning one another around and around, and then falling down on the floor, laughing. 
Princess Aurelia heard her father’s booming voice. The children peeked out from their hiding place. The king was announcing that there would be a game.
The game! Her father had told her that she would get to play an important part in the game. Aurelia loved games. She and her companions burst from behind the tapestry, ducked around the important guests, and raced up the marble staircase that led to the large balcony high above, overlooking the ballroom. They were winded when they reached the top. Her father was there, waiting for them. 
“Just in time.” He smiled at his daughter. “And who is this?” The king looked at one of her bigger friends.
“He is the son of one of the other kings!”
“I see. Lad, I have a special surprise for you, even better than what these children get. You will be allowed to play the game with your parents! Run down and find them. Everyone whose parents are at the ball, rejoin them. There will be prizes! Off you go now!”
The boy grinned at Aurelia and took off down the stairs. Her cousins also raced down to find their parents. The princess suppressed a pang of jealousy. She would have just as much fun helping with the game. It was okay she wouldn’t get a prize, she told herself.
A bright tone sounded. Her father stood at the edge of the balcony to speak to the party-goers below. 
“Now, my friends, it is time for the game to begin. In just a few moments, balloons will float down from this balcony. Catch the balloons and burst them. The prizes are inside!”
Aurelia could hear excited talking from those far below.
“Throw all these balloons over the ledge,” said her father. “Take care not to pop any of them.” 
Then the man strode away, leaving Aurelia and her friends lofting the balloons down into the crowd. As quickly as the children could, they threw the hundreds of balloons over the edge. Then the children watched as the brightly colored orbs floated down, down, down to the ballroom floor. As soon as the guests could reach the balloons, they nabbed them out of the air and broke them with their fingers or stomped them underfoot. Women in long elegant dresses and men in fancy suits all participated eagerly. Aurelia couldn’t see any prizes from where she watched in the balcony. The balloons seemed to be empty. But she couldn’t be sure from this height. Perhaps the prizes were very small? Then, all of a sudden, a lady in a golden dress fell over, clutching at her throat. Soon, here and there throughout the ballroom, people began to fall down. Aurelia watched in horror.
“What is happening?” asked one of her friends.
“Where are the prizes?” asked another little girl.
Soon, not a person was left standing. She even saw the boy and her cousins that they had been playing with, now lying still on the marble floor. They weren’t moving. Not even breathing. There must have been something in the balloons, after all. And she had thrown the death balloons. 
“I’m going to play outside,” said one of the boys with her. “We’ll take the back stairs. I think something bad happened down there.”
The other children followed him. Part of her wanted to run away too. But she needed to know. What had happened? Why? Aurelia watched from the balcony for hours and hours. Night came. The lights in the grand ballroom were turned off. She curled up on the soft carpet in the balcony. The little princess was surprised when no one came looking for her. 
Aurelia came to wakefulness then, an adult, in her bed aboard the spaceship, and realized that it was all from the past. But she couldn’t stop herself from remembering the rest.
In the morning, the lights had flicked back on. Aurelia had stood up to watch what was happening on the ballroom floor. Warrior Caste guards had entered the room. They had carried out the bodies.
There had been over 700 people in attendance. All had died. The memory brought a sick feeling to her stomach and her heart. The king had proclaimed that an enemy of the crown had replaced the prize balloons with balloons that had been filled with some kind of poison. He pointed to the fact that some of his guards and servants and even his queen, Aurelia’s stepmother, had died in that incident. Few believed him innocent. But there was no one left on the planet with power enough to stand against him. As Aurelia grew older, she had come to understand that the King had used the opportunity to eliminate his enemies and those he did not trust. But why had he involved her? Whenever the memories came to mind, she still felt tormented by guilt.
Aurelia looked at the illuminated clock beside her bed. It was very early in the morning. But perhaps Detrick would already be awake. She couldn’t sleep more, with these thoughts tumbling about in her mind. It was time to finally lay them to rest. Aurelia needed answers. And she was now in a position to be able to get them. She swung her feet to the floor and called the lights on.

Layaz Warrior
It was too early in the morning. Sebastian stood outside Forbes’ quarters. Certainly the captain would still be asleep? But the turmoil inside him was too great. The warrior just didn’t know what else to do. He was supposed to seek God and, by doing that, he would discover his true nature and true purpose. But what did it mean to seek God? The captain must know. Finally, he pushed the buzzer at the door. What is my destiny? So much was depending on him, and he felt like he had made too many mistakes already.
The door slid aside. Captain Forbes, standing at the entry, was alert, though still in his sleep clothing.
“What is it?” he asked.
The Layaz Warrior was quiet for a moment as he struggled to put words to his feelings.
“What’s wrong? Has something happened?” asked the Captain.
“No…no. I just wanted to talk to you about something.”
“Oh.” Relief came to Captain Forbes’ face as he moved away from the door. “Come in.”
Sebastian followed him in. It was a small room with only a bed, a desk, and a chair. Forbes sat on the edge of the bed. 
“Have a seat,” he said, indicating the chair.
Sebastian sat down. He tried to gather his scattered thoughts together. Somehow, he felt he could trust this man.
“How can I find my true destiny?” he blurted.
The captain looked thoughtful but didn’t speak immediately. The seconds ticked by. “That’s a difficult question,” he said, finally. “I don’t know.” 
There was silence in the room for a few moments.
Then the captain spoke again, “Do you feel that you’re going in the wrong direction?”
“I feel like I’m flying headlong at light speed into…I don’t know what. I’m making mistakes and I’m…flawed. The wisdom and foresight needed to bring success…I don’t have that. And I don’t know what to do.”
“Ah,” said the Captain. “Now I understand. I think we all feel like that sometimes. But I can tell you what I do.”
“What do you do?”
“I pray. God is kind, if you are on the side of justice and mercy.” 
“Justice and mercy? Aren’t those opposing forces?”
“No. Not at all.”
“You pray…and that helps you?”
“Yes. God helps me,” said the captain.
“You seek God?” asked Sebastian.
Forbes looked at him intently, his brown eyes shining in the dimly lit room. Did the captain somehow know what he had seen in the detention cell?
“Yes, I do seek God.”
“And praying is seeking God?”
“Yes.”
“And what is praying?”
“I think you already know, Sebastian. Praying is just talking to God. He always hears you. And he cares about you.”
“And will God tell me my destiny?”
“Hmm…” said the captain, “I think it’s more like you will discover your destiny as you walk the right path, as you follow God’s way.”
“Thank you for talking with me.” The Layaz Warrior got up to leave. Forbes stood too. Then the captain reached out and took his hand.
“I pray that you would show this warrior your path. God, I know you have a good destiny for him. May he find your way. So be it.”
Back in the hallway, the Layaz Dragon Warrior felt bewildered and disappointed. But he wouldn’t give up. Something about the things that Captain Forbes had said rang true with him.

Aurelia
Aurelia dressed quickly and then took a look at her reflection in the mirror. Midnight sat on the dresser and looked back at her, the cat’s green eyes reminding her of her dragon warrior. She refocused on her image. She was the princess and she had to be sure she looked like one, even now. Keeping the respect of her people was important. She touched up her hair and was almost satisfied with the result. She wished Marcy and Nanny were here. Aurelia wasn’t used to getting ready by herself and she missed them so much. Please, may they be kept safe.
Aurelia hurried out of her chambers and to the lift. She tapped for the Technology Research and Development level. 
When the door opened, she saw that a young man sat at the main desk. He looked up and his dark eyes met hers. He bobbed his head in greeting.
“Where is Detrick?” the princess asked.
“I believe my uncle is still asleep,” replied the young man, with a grin. “Shall I page him for you?”
“Yes, please,” said the princess. “I need to talk with him.”
The young man tapped a sequence on the control panel set in the desk.
“He will be here shortly,” the young man said. “I’m Adair, by the way, I’m only 15, but I’m something of a genius; that’s why my uncle let me come along.”
 “How nice for you,” she said impatiently. Why was this Technology Caste Worker talking to her?
“We fixed the ship.”
“What?”
“That garbage ship that brought you to Quisquiliae; we fixed it so the compact cycle wouldn’t turn on. And Paiden never knew that we had tampered with it. We saved your life.” Adair smiled broadly. 
“What?”
Just then, Detrick came shuffling into the room, rubbing his eyes. 
“Good morning, Uncle,” said Adair cheerily.
“Not so sure about that,” he said gruffly to the boy. “What is it?”
Adair pointed to the princess.
“Your Highness,” he said straightening. “What can I do for you?”
“Adair tells me that you sabotaged the ship that brought me to Quisquiliae so that I wouldn’t be crushed by the compact cycle…that you saved my life.”
“It is true, Lass. That’s how we knew you were still alive; that’s why we came looking for you.”
“Thank you, Detrick.” She threw her arms around the older man and buried her face in his neck.
“You’re welcome, my child,” he said as she released him. “But, to be honest, it was mostly Adair here. He’s something of a genius with technology. One of the brightest minds of our time. We had only a few minutes but he was able to do it.”
Aurelia looked over to the boy, who grinned at her. 
“Thank you,” she said formally.
“You’re welcome. My uncle thinks you’re the future for our people. Uncle Detrick always knows best. I’m glad we could save you.” He grinned from ear to ear, clearly pleased to be the hero who saved the princess and to have the opportunity to inform her of the feat.
Aurelia made a mental note to thank and reward them both formally at some later date, when she was queen and stability had been brought back to her World.
“Detrick, I’ve come to ask you about a different matter.”
“What is it?”
“You remember that party and the balloons…?”
His face went a shade paler. “Oh, Highness. That was so long ago, over 15 years now. Why dwell on such a thing? Wouldn’t it be better to leave the past behind?”
“I cannot let it go until I understand what happened.”
“Very well.” The older man sighed. “What do you want to know?”
“Were you involved, Detrick?”
“No! How can you ask me that? Even children were killed. Your father knew I would never go along with such a plan.”
“What was in the balloons? What made everybody die?” 
“The Seefer gene. That and a mild neurotoxin.”
“What is the Seefer gene?”
“It is a genetic sequence found in the Seefer fish - a large ocean fish similar to a salmon. The Seefer gene has been harvested illegally for centuries and, for centuries before that, the fish itself was eaten raw for the same purpose. The Seefer gene is a mood-altering drug. A person who ingests or inhales the Seefer gene will feel happy, like they are in love.”
“But why did everyone die? I don’t understand.”
“Take a look at this.” Detrick pushed Adair out of the chair and sat down heavily in his place. 
Adair tumbled to the floor and lay sprawled there, looking up at them.
“Oh!” gasped Aurelia.
“Enough with the theatrics, boy. This is serious.”
Adair grinned and picked himself up, dusting off his pants. “Sorry, Uncle,” he said. But the boy did not look remorseful. He was still grinning at the princess.
“This is a Seefer fish,” Detrick said, indicating the image he had pulled up on screen. “Here’s what the fish looks like when it’s been cut open.” The image changed. “The Seefer’s an odd fish. It’s usually a water breather and so, of course, it has gills. But Seefers can also breathe air. During the spawning season, in the spring, the Seefers travel far up small creeks, inland, to lay their eggs far from all ocean predators. It is during this time that the fish breathe air. That’s what these structures are right here,” he said, pointing near the middle of the image. 
Aurelia could make out pink blobs in the innards of the fish.
“Lungs. The highest concentration of the Seefer genes is in the lungs. It’s usually the lungs of the fish that are processed to extract the Seefer gene.”
“How does this explain what happened?” asked the princess.
“I’m getting there,” said Detrick. “It has long been understood that prolonged use of Seefer gene causes lung damage. It was only about 20 years ago when several unfortunate Seefer users discovered, by accident, that, if even a small amount of neurotoxin were present in the brain during Seefer gene use, the lungs of the affected individual would collapse entirely. There is no cure and it has been lethal in almost every case documented.”
“So, the balloons contained the Seefer gene substance and a mild neurotoxin?”
“Yes,” affirmed Detrick. “That’s what later analysis showed. The neurotoxin had a very short window of viability, after which it became inert. So the drugs in the balloons and on the floor became safe to clean up and dispose of. Neither the Seefer gene nor the neurotoxin alone would have been fatal. Only together were they a deadly combination.”
Adair studied the image and listened attentively to his uncle’s explanations. “In almost every case?” he prompted.
“Two surfers, who were regular users of the Seefer gene, were exposed to a neurotoxin carried by a jellyfish. One died in three months and the other survived, with only moderate lung damage. It was determined that these surfers also regularly ingested large doses of HGH, the human growth hormone. Researchers now believe that HGH may provide some protection from Seefer gene/neurotoxin poisoning.”
“Well, this has been a fascinating history and science lesson, Uncle.”
“But, Detrick, I still don’t understand,” Aurelia protested. “Why did my father have me throw the balloons from the balcony? Watching all those people die, knowing that I had caused it…”
She saw the smile fade from young Adair’s face.
“I don’t know, Child.” Detrick looked up at her and then away. “Your father was a man mad for power. He would do whatever it took to rule. I don’t understand why he would put such a heavy burden on you when you were so young.”
But, as Detrick spoke, she knew. Finally, she knew why her father had done what he did. He was teaching her how to guard the right to rule. Showing her that anyone who might be a threat should die. And making her follow in his footsteps… but she wouldn’t. No, she wouldn’t force her way to the throne over the bodies of the innocent. 
 


Chapter 9 – I Refuse
Layaz Warrior
The day flew by in a flurry of preparation. The Layaz Warrior helped with the various tasks assigned to him by Captain Forbes. There was a lot to do to get more than 300 ships ready for departure. Throughout the day, he just couldn’t stop looking at the signet ring on his left hand. Sebastian couldn’t help but feel that it wasn’t right. Did she love him? Probably not, he guessed. But even if she did…He shook his head.

Aurelia
Aurelia woke up after a good rest. She was glad that a guard had been placed on duty at her door. Aurelia assumed that she would be staying aboard the lead ship with Captain Forbes. She thought she might be glad of the time away from her Layaz Warrior. Aurelia still felt confused when it came to Sebastian. The trip to Alpha outpost would take two months. She could use the time to clear her head. Captain Forbes had assigned the pilots and other Technology Caste Workers to the 22 active warships. The shadow vessels would be left completely unmanned, of course, since most of those ships lacked life-support systems. The armada was already assembled just beyond the gravitational pull of Rigal. Shuttles were ferrying crews to their new assignments. Aurelia was glad not to have to move to a different ship. Although she had no home, this ship and her quarters were beginning to feel pleasantly familiar. 
Aurelia made her way to the bridge. She needed to be kept informed of all that was going on. As the lift sped upwards, she released a silent prayer, for success and wisdom. When the lift door opened, she saw that the bridge crew had been reduced to less than half. Some must have been assigned to other ships. She looked at the captain’s chair and stopped. White hair flowing over his shoulders and down his back. It was her Layaz Warrior!
“Where’s Captain Forbes?” she asked abruptly.
The Layaz Warrior turned to her, his cat-like eyes making her feel strange inside.
“He will be piloting another warship.”
So. She was left here with the Layaz Warrior. Whose idea was that? His? Or Captain Forbes’?
Her warrior turned back to the controls.
“We will be ready to depart in approximately one hour,” he said.
Aurelia wasn’t sure if she was disappointed or relieved. Sebastian made her feel some new kind of uneasiness. But she knew she could trust him. And he would protect her.
***
One and a half months later, when they were nearing the Alpha Military Outpost, Detrick called a meeting of the war council. 
Princess Aurelia brought the meeting to order. Captain Forbes was present via the vidscreen over the large table. Aurelia gave the floor to Detrick as he had called the meeting.
“A small team of researchers have been developing a new technology that I felt would be useful for our present situation. We were able to design and build a device that will double the energy signatures of the ships on which it is installed. Right now, we only have a prototype but it has been tested and the device works perfectly. The other ships’ sensors are fooled. The ship with the doubler on it reads as two ships instead of one. As we speak, my team is building more of these devices.”
“That’s fantastic!” said Forbes.
“It would be ideal if we don’t have to fight at all,” said Boyle.
“Yes,” said Detrick. “If the military outpost believes they are hopelessly outnumbered, it is possible they may surrender.”
“How many devices can your people manufacture before we get there?” asked Aurelia. 
“We can have the doubler devices installed on all of the ships before we arrive at the Alpha Outpost,” replied Detrick. 
After further discussion about possible strategies, Aurelia adjourned the meeting. Now there was nothing to do but wait.

Layaz Warrior
They would be arriving at the Alpha Military Outpost in a little over three hours. Sebastian prayed that there could be a peaceful solution. He would fight if he had to, and he would defend the princess, whatever it took. But perhaps they could win allies instead of destroy enemies at the Alpha Outpost. He had arrived at the door to her chambers. The Warrior Caste guard who stood there showed only a glimmer of mistrust in his eyes. Sebastian pressed the communication panel beside the door, without speaking to the guard.
“Yes?” came the princess’s voice through the speaker but the vidscreen did not light up.
“I would speak with you, Your Highness.”
“You may enter.”
The guard stepped aside. 
He met her in her sitting room. She looked stunning in a gown of dark blue, full of strength and majesty. He felt that peculiar ache in his chest again and was deeply saddened by what he had to say. The small, black predator rubbed itself against his leg.
“Sit down,” she motioned to an ornate, padded chair while she sat in the one opposite it.
He sat. “Your Highness,” he looked at his hands as he spoke, “it is unfortunate that you have declared a betrothal to me. All the trouble with the warrior caste was because of our engagement. Those men were loyal to the crown before you promised yourself to me. The warriors on Alpha Outpost may yet be swayed to your side. But they could never accept me as king or my heir as the next regent. Our World…I don’t think any there would be able to accept such a thing. Break off the engagement. You have saved my life, twice. Surely you have done all that honor requires?”
Aurelia looked at him and it seemed a fire burned in her eyes.
“Who told you to come here and say this to me?” she demanded.
“We cannot marry. I want to give you victory and I want to give our World peace. And, for that, I must be your Layaz Warrior and no more.”
“I thank you for your concern.” The princess stood. “I have extended an offer of marriage to you, Sebastian, and I will not withdraw it. It is not your place to tell me what I should do.”
The anger in her face pained him but he knew that he was right. Still, he could push no more this way. He stood and dropped to one knee before her.
“I admire and respect you, Aurelia. Your hand in marriage is more than I could ever even wish for.”
Then he stood and walked out of her chamber. What he knew he would have to do saddened him greatly.
The War Council met when the armada was three hours away from the Alpha Military Outpost. During the meeting, Aurelia was a refined leader, emanating strength and confidence. One day soon, she would be the queen of their World. As the meeting was coming to a close, Sebastian raised his hand. There was one more thing that needed to be said.
“Yes, Lord Sebastian?” The princess acknowledged him.
“The laws governing our World state that no man or woman may be forced into a marriage against his or her will. This law applies to all our peoples from the lowest Dirt Caster to the royal family.”
He looked to his princess. She pursued her lips and made the slightest, almost imperceptible shake of her head. He read anger in her face. But he would not be dissuaded. Every man in the room watched him, waiting intently. 
“I reject your offer of marriage. I refuse. I will not marry you.” He took off her signet ring and placed it on the table in front of her.
Boyle smiled openly. Even Detrick looked relieved. Surely, she could not force him to marry her?
“Very well,” she said tightly, “you are released from our engagement.”
He bobbed his head and did not look at her again. Sebastian felt satisfied. He had done the right thing. Princess Aurelia had not wanted him to end it. And it was something he could never take back. But, surely, it was for the best. He could never be king. The meeting ended and the Layaz Warrior went to his station on the bridge with a cold ache in his chest.

Aurelia
Back in her chamber, Aurelia clutched Midnight, her cat. She buried her face in her soft, black fur. A flood of tears came. Aurelia didn’t understand herself. She was sure the Layaz Warrior was right. Many people would refuse his kind as king. Now she had a much better chance of a peaceable take-over or at least of minimizing bloodshed. Politically, it made sense. She gasped for breaths between sobs. Her stomach clenched as she felt a growing emptiness inside. With his public refusal of her offer of marriage, he had set her free. He had done a good thing for her, at great cost to himself. Now he would not be king. Instead, he would remain a slave to the royal family. Some part of her must have grown used to the idea that he would be hers. Perhaps she even…could she actually love him?
She set Midnight on the bed, found a handkerchief, and dabbed at her face. Soon they would face the Alpha Military Outpost. She had to start thinking clearly! The Layaz Warrior had done a good thing for her and for their World. Aurelia would return the favor. When the war was ended, she would hold a public ceremony to honor him and there she would set him free. She would make him a free agent. The Layaz Warrior would no longer be a slave to her family. He would be able to go wherever he wanted and live his life however he saw fit. She could grant him that. He wouldn’t have to kill anymore. Perhaps he would find peace.
Aurelia straightened her dress and adjusted the large garnet signet ring on her thumb. Its weight and luster no longer pleased her. It had become a reminder of what she had lost. She made her way to the bridge. Their ships would be in range of the outpost in only a few minutes. When the lift door opened, she saw him, seated in the captain’s chair alert, now dressed in the royal blue uniform of a Layaz Warrior, competent and in command. She moved down to stand beside his chair. Aurelia hesitated a moment and then placed her hand on his shoulder. 
“Status report, Captain Sebastian,” she asked him, staring at the forward display area.
“We will be within sensor range of the Alpha Outpost in 17 minutes if we maintain our current speed and heading.”
“Very well.”
“Captain Forbes will initiate contact.”
“Very good.”
She moved her hand away. Sebastian directed one of the bridge crew to bring her a chair. 

Layaz Warrior
So. He would keep Sebastian as his name. The warrior was glad of that. He glanced at the princess sitting next to him. The skin around her eyes was a little red and puffy. Could she have been crying? And she had touched him. What did it mean? At least she wasn’t angry. 
The proximity sensor pinged. They were in range.
 After seven tense minutes had passed, the ship chimed an incoming vid communication. Captain Forbes appeared on screen.
“It’s better than we could have hoped for,” he said. “They’re glad to see us! The commander of the Outpost wants to communicate with you directly, Princess Aurelia.”
“Put him through.”
A man with steel gray, cropped hair appeared on the main vidscreen. 
“I am Commander Tar. Welcome to the Alpha Military Outpost.”
“Thank you, Commander. I am Princess Aurelia.”
“We're glad to see you, Highness. On behalf of the Alpha Outpost, we pledge our allegiance to you, Princess Aurelia, the one true regent of our World. And we request your assistance.”
“Thank you, Commander. We will grant you any assistance that is within our power to provide.”
“We need to talk...Hold on…Is that a Layaz Warrior?”
“Yes, this is Captain Sebastian, the last of the Layaz Warriors. He will help us win back our World.”
“That's the best news yet! I need to talk to him in person right away.”
It was determined that Commander Tar would shuttle up to Captain Sebastian’s ship. The war council would meet to hear the report from the commander. The other captains would join them via vid link. The council would meet in one and a half hours.
The best news yet. Good. Commander Tar had not seemed to resent his presence. Quite the opposite. As long as it wasn’t some sort of trick. Security would be on highest alert until it was certain that Commander Tar was truly on their side. 
Detrick, Boyle, and the Layaz Warrior met Commander Tar in the shuttle bay. Boyle greeted the man and Sebastian searched him for weapons. They walked briskly to the meeting room. Boyle and the commander were in the lead, Detrick and the warrior following behind. The princess was with the other leaders, waiting for them in the war council room.
Aurelia called the meeting to order.
“Commander Tar, we welcome you and thank you for your support. Please explain your situation.”
“When we saw your ships approaching, we blacked the communication to our World. We feigned technical issues before we cut the feed. They don't know what's going on now. We have also imprisoned Paiden's spies - the hideous priests of the dragon.”
“Priests of the dragon?” asked Captain Forbes from the vid.
“Things have changed on our World in the months since you have been gone. Paiden has gone mad. The freedom he promised the people has been reduced to the freedom to die. He has reintroduced the old ways - the very old ways, the worship of the Black Dragon.”
“Those ways have been dead for hundreds of years,” protested Aurelia.
“No,” said Tar, “they have been practiced in secret and some of the old texts have survived. Paiden has had those cultic books reproduced and has instituted Dragon worship as our world religion.”
“That's outrageous!” said Boyle.
Commander Tar continued, “He has even brought back the practice of human sacrifice. We just never saw this coming.”
The man looked down at his hands, palms down on the tabletop.
“We didn't even know it was happening until it was too late. Religion had been gone on our World for so long that, somehow, we forgot about that threat. And now, he's holding the whole world hostage to his madness.”

Aurelia
“Why didn't you fight back, when you saw that things were going wrong?” asked Aurelia.
The commander's blue-gray eyes met her gaze.
“We should never have rebelled against your father, Highness. Paiden has our families. He has made it abundantly clear what will happen to them if he doesn't have our full cooperation. He even sent some of his abominable priests to perform compulsorily morning and evening ceremonies at Alpha Outpost. He was watching us closely for any signs of disloyalty. It's worse than anything I've ever imagined. If we could go back and do it over, we never would have betrayed the royals. I'm deeply honored to have a chance to try to make this right. I just hope we can rescue our families. That would mean a lot to the men.”
“We'll do what we can,” said Sebastian. “Where are they being held?”
“He speaks without leave?” asked the commander, looking intently at the Layaz Warrior.
“Captain Sebastian saved my life,” Aurelia explained. “He is now one of my top advisors.” She prayed Tar would not react poorly to this news. Boyle had wanted to hide the Layaz entirely from the military on the Alpha Outpost. But the princess wouldn't agree to it. She needed him. Aurelia was sure their whole world would need the Layaz Warrior.
The commander was just staring at Sebastian. “Excellent.” A genuine-looking grin spread across Tar's face.
“Explain,” snapped Boyle.
“There are rumors....more than rumors, Paiden has become...They say he cannot be killed. There is something other-natural about him now. A number of attempts have been made on his life. No one even got close. People are saying that it is impossible for him to be killed by a human. Exchanges on the undervid...people are lamenting the loss of our Layaz Warriors. They say only a dragon can kill him.”
“Paiden,” spat Boyle. “I knew that weasel would take our people back to the dark ages.”
“And the Technology Caste has been hit hard,” said Tar. “Many from that caste have become unnecessary and have been reduced to doing dirt work. Some have even been sacrificed to the Dragon.”
Boyle muttered something vehement under his breath.
“As for your question, Captain Sebastian, they are sequestered in a facility near the capital city. We have extensive intelligence about what’s happening back on our World. Some of the Warrior Caste there will be ready to follow you, Highness. We will do whatever it takes to end Paiden's insanity.”
At the close of the meeting, Aurelia’s mind was filled with turmoil but, in her heart, there was hope. They would have 75 more warships at their disposal. And the Warrior Caste would accept her Layaz Warrior. In fact, they were ready to welcome him into their force as an equal –indeed, as more than that - as the very hope for the future. 

Layaz Warrior
He had scanned the commander while he was speaking. The man was telling the truth. Sebastian was certain of it. So, not only were they glad to see him and have him participate in the war effort, but, somehow, the people of his World had come to believe that only a Layaz Warrior could save them from Paiden and the worship of the Black Dragon. Commander Tar would return to the Alpha Outpost while plans were made. Sebastian walked to the lift, deliberately keeping his hand from clutching his chest. He had a heartache, the like of which he had never before experienced. Sebastian had lost her. He had rejected her and it was for nothing. The commander and his world were ready to accept him, even to welcome him! But, now, it was too late. The princess was lost to him forever. He had thought to do right…He had given away the most precious gift he had ever received - the promise of her love. 
As Sebastian sat down in the captain’s chair, he put the thoughts aside. If he followed the right path, he would still find his true destiny. He would do all he could to save his people from the Black Dragon. Surely God would grant him success in that quest.
Captain Forbes would be shuttling down to Alpha Outpost to assess the situation on the military base. When they went to fight Paiden, they would take almost their full force to their World. But Forbes was advocating leaving one ship behind, along with a skeleton crew, to maintain the outpost just in case they needed somewhere to fall back to. Sebastian agreed. The more options they left available to them, the better their chances of success.
The display panel beside his chair chimed. An incoming communication from Captain Forbes. His face blinked onto the screen. Forbes was grinning. 
“This day is going a lot better than I had expected,” he said. “And you…wow! The mythic warrior thought lost forever returns to his World to save his people from the Black Dragon!”
This is new. Why was the captain being so positive and happy? Was this what it would be like to have a friend? Or was he testing him in some way?
“Status report?” the Layaz Warrior asked.
Forbes’ friendly smile continued as he told Sebastian what he had found on the military base. It was just as the commander had said. 
“There are seven men, in the detention cells down here, who claim to be priests of the Great Black Dragon. They confirm everything Tar said. Paiden serves the Black Dragon and the whole world has been forced to submit to that religion.”
“And you interviewed some of the other warriors there?” asked Sebastian.
“Yes. They really are glad to see us. Everything checks out.”
“Good. Stay on the outpost. The princess has scheduled another meeting of the war council for this evening. You and Commander Tar will join us via the vid feed. We will make the final military decisions then.”
“Very well.” Captain Forbes bobbed his head in a gesture of submission and the vid feed blinked out. 
Did Sebastian out-rank the man because he captained the ship the princess was on or did Captain Forbes make a mistake? The power structure was now unclear to him. He had assumed that ranks would shift once he and the princess were no longer engaged. But still the captain bobbed to him. Sebastian would just have to wait and see.
Chapter 10 – At the Alpha Outpost
Aurelia
Something was wrong. The princess had a bad feeling. There was something under the surface - an undercurrent of evil. Perhaps someone wasn’t telling the truth. Was Commander Tar really on her side or would he betray them? Or were her wary feelings about Boyle? His treachery had been overlooked. Or was there some other threat that had not yet manifested itself? Aurelia needed to speak with someone. She really wanted to talk with Captain Forbes but he was busy down on the military outpost. Detrick, she decided. 
She sat at the ornate desk in her outer room and tapped the sequence for Detrick on the display set into the polished, wooden surface. The man’s face appeared after a few minutes had passed. She saw that he looked tired and rumpled and realized he was likely off-duty.
“I’m sorry to bother you.”
“It’s no bother, Princess. What is it?”
“I feel concerned. We never addressed the issue regarding Boyle.”
“He is loyal to you, Highness. It was simply a lapse in judgment. I have known him for many years. He is loyal to the ruling caste, loyal to the crown.”
“I feel ill at ease, Detrick. I think something is wrong.”
“Things are going well, Princess. I believe the situation is under control.”
“Are you sure we have nothing to fear from Boyle?”
“I am sure that you have nothing to fear from him. You know that he’s not fond of the Layaz Warrior. But, even in that regard, his opinion has swayed some after hearing what Commander Tar had to say. He wants to win this war, Highness. He’ll do whatever is needed to break Paiden’s stranglehold on our World. Boyle will stop at nothing to take Paiden out. And, right now, he’s viewing the Layaz as an ally. I don’t think you have anything to worry about.”
“Detrick…don’t call him ‘the Layaz’. Please call him Captain Sebastian,” she said softly.
“Sorry. Captain Sebastian,” he repeated after her. “Perhaps you’re feeling ill at ease because… of a more personal reason?”
“My personal life is under control. I thank you for your assurances regarding Boyle. I hope you are right.”
Aurelia said goodbye, clicked off the communication, and tried to lay her suspicions to rest. Did she feel unsettled because of the ring that was now back on her hand? She felt that the piece of jewelry was heavy, like her responsibilities as regent. She sighed. Perhaps Detrick was right.
Then she noticed a message on the display from Ceris Tam. She read it and hastily tapped out a reply to the medic, giving her consent. Her mind turned to the Layaz Warrior then. Would he marry someone else after the war? And have children? Would he find love and contentment? Would she? She tried to turn away from these thoughts. The future could not be known nor could it be brought on more quickly through impatience. But she wanted the Layaz to survive. 
The cat came out from her darkened sleeping room and sat in the doorway. Midnight meowed at the princess. The cat thought it was time for Aurelia to sleep. 
“Not yet, little one, there’s more to be done before I can rest.

Layaz Warrior 
Captain Sebastian looked at a message he had just received on the display attached to the captain’s chair. It was from the medic, requesting he come to the clinic at his convenience. There was a little time before the war council meeting. Sebastian stood and walked from the bridge. In the lift, the Layaz Warrior wondered what Tam could want. Sebastian had finished all the antibiotic treatments. He was sure that he was fully recovered from the burns. His back didn't pain him at all anymore. Did Tam have more evidence of some sort? But wouldn't he show the princess? Sebastian stepped from the elevator into the medical area of the ship. Tam was at the main desk. 
“You wanted to see me,” said the warrior.
“Yes.” He stood in greeting. “Captain Sebastian, I just wanted to take some tissue samples if you don't mind. I asked Princess Aurelia and she said it would be okay.”
Sebastian hesitated. 
“It won't hurt,” the medic assured him.
“What will the cells be used for?” the Layaz Warrior asked.
“I worry about losing your DNA in the war. Your cells can be cloned and, that way, the Layaz line will not end even if you do not survive.”
A strong resistance welled up in him. Sebastian went to a communication panel on the wall. No. He dialed for the princess. Her face appeared on the small vidscreen.
“Yes?”
“I'm in medical. Ceris Tam says you authorized him to take a tissue sample from me?”
Princess Aurelia looked at him for a moment and did not speak. Her blue eyes held his gaze and a meaningful silence passed between them.
“I apologize if I offended you, Sebastian. Tam asked me if he could take a sample of your DNA. I gave my consent without thinking about how you would feel. I leave the decision in your hands…I just didn't want you to be the last. I didn't want the Layaz to be no more.”
He looked at her beautiful face. Sebastian couldn’t be angry with her. He needed to explain.
“Princess, the way I was raised…it was very harsh. I would not wish that on offspring derived from my cells.”
“If I am queen, that will not happen, Sebastian. I will see the children are cared for and that…they are not afraid.”
“You cannot promise me that. The future cannot be foreseen. My DNA could fall into the hands of others. Princess Aurelia, I do not want others of my kind to be used as I was used.”
“I understand. You are released from this duty.”
“Thank you, Highness.” He flicked the vidscreen off.
“I apologize, Captain Sebastian,” said Tam. “I didn't mean anything wrong by the request. The Layaz Warriors are special to our World. They saved us once before from the Dragons. And I believe you will do so again. If you entrust some of your cells to me, I can promise you that your DNA will not fall into the hands of those who would harm the Layaz.”
“How?”
“I will store the cells in a password protected, cold storage unit. If the freezer is tampered with or the wrong passcode is entered, the contents of the unit will be automatically destroyed. Only I will have the passcode. And no one will even know that I have the sample. I vow to keep the future of the Layaz safe.”
Sebastian looked into the young medic's brown eyes. He had been kind: he was a good man. Sebastian believed his DNA would probably be safe with Tam but it just didn’t feel right. Perhaps it was time for the line of the Layaz warriors to end. In any case, it would be for God to decide. 
“I thank you for your kindness, Tam. I understand you seek to do a good thing. But I must decline.”
With that, Sebastian turned back to the lift. It was almost time for the war council to meet again.

Aurelia
As the princes stepped into the lift, she realized that the Warrior was already there. But it was too late to turn around. That would look foolish. Their eyes met.
“I'm sorry,” she blurted before she realized that he was apologizing as well.
“I understand that your intentions were noble, Highness. Please forgive me for my non-compliance.”
“Of course. I'm sorry for almost putting you through that, Sebastian.” In her mind, she saw the frightened little boy outside on the mountain. She took his hand in hers, like a handshake; only, it wasn't. Their eyes met and she moved closer to him. Her feelings changed as she beheld the man before her.
“If we both survive...I will have a ceremony in your honor and there I will set you free. The Layaz will never again be slaves to the royal family.”
Then she stood on her tiptoes and he leaned down to her. Their faces were so close. His unusual blue eyes flicked closed. She looked at his pleasant, masculine face. She wanted to touch him. Then she heard the whoosh of the lift door opening behind her. Resolutely, she turned away from him and exited the elevator. What was she doing?! They were no longer betrothed. It would never be like that. He was her advisor and her highly valued warrior. Nothing more. Never more.
She stood at the wooden oval, looking at the men around the table. Her warrior came to stand beside her. She hoped she had not hurt his feelings. What could he have thought? She was behaving so irrationally! I have to be strong for my people. She took a seat and all the men sat down. The vidscreens switched on and she saw the faces of Captain Forbes, Commander Tar, and some of the other captains in her armada. 
“Captain Forbes, Commander Tar, I give you leave to begin the meeting.”
“Thank you, Your Highness,” said Forbes. “Seventy-four of the Alpha Outpost warships are prepared and ready to join us on the journey to our World. We recommend that one warship remain behind to defend and supply the base.”
“I concur,” said the Layaz Warrior from beside her.
“Very well. How soon can we leave?” she asked.
Commander Tar replied, “If we leave first thing tomorrow, the warriors will be well-rested. I prefer to depart with the day crew at the helm.”
“Very well,” said the Princess. “First thing tomorrow.”
“The journey will take us two days,” said Captain Forbes.
Detrick spoke from across the table, “I suggest we shuttle some of our non-military personnel down to the base. Our top research and development Techies can continue to work on some alternative strategies, should our first attack be unsuccessful.”
“Good idea,” agreed the princess, “and see that your young nephew is one of those who remain on the Alpha Outpost.” 
“Yes, Highness.”
“Paiden doesn’t have any idea what’s coming,” said Tar, with a resolute smile. 
“Let’s hope it stays that way,” said Aurelia.
She closed the meeting and travelled the lift to her quarters with Detrick. 
“You've done well, my girl.” The older man gathered her into his arms for a brief hug. 
Aurelia blinked back tears. “Thank you.”

Layaz Warrior
The meeting had gone as well as he had hoped. Boyle had not said anything. Perhaps the man’s meddling would come to an end now that things were taking a more positive direction. Sebastian should get some rest too, while he had a chance. As he lay in bed, he saw her face again. Why had she touched him? Her golden curls cascading down over her shoulders, her blue eyes sparkling with...Why had she stood so close to him, leaned towards him, and looked at him that way? It was almost more than he could bear. The ache was back in his heart. She had said he would be free. That was a beautiful thing. He imagined her smiling at him. Sebastian couldn't recall the moment when she had actually smiled at him but he knew that he had seen her smile and it was lovely to behold. Perhaps, one day, she would smile when he won the war for her. Perhaps, during that ceremony in his honor, she would smile at him when she proclaimed his freedom. He continued to imagine her smile as his mind drifted peacefully to sleep.
A rhythmic chime began to intrude on his dreams. He opened his eyes to see the emergency lights flashing. What’s happening? He scrambled out of bed and tapped the display near his desk. Low O2. There wasn’t enough oxygen in the air! This could only mean one of two things. Either the ship’s hull had been breached and there was a sizable hole somewhere or…sabotage.
Sebastian tapped for more information but there was none. Depending on how low the oxygen level was, people could start passing out. He would be one of the last ones to fall unconscious due to his unique physiology. He had to find out what was going on. He palmed the control by the entry and his door swooshed open. Sebastian ran for the lift. He tapped Level 1 for the bridge. When the elevator reached the command deck, he found the night crew unconscious. If the O2 level were already so low, he would have to hurry. The display next to the captain’s chair told him no more than the one in his chamber had. Sebastian was momentarily at a loss. If it were a hull breach, he would need to find the hole and seal it. If it were sabotage, it was most likely that the CO2 scrubbers had been damaged. The Layaz Warrior darted back into the lift. He tapped for the level that housed the scrubbers. It would be the most efficient to begin there. By the time he had searched the whole ship for a breach, everyone could be dead. He prayed the problem was with the scrubbers. The Layaz Warrior hung back when the lift door slid aside. If it were sabotage, the saboteur could still be here. Silently, Sebastian stepped out of the lift. The lights were dimmed, as they always were on this level during the night shift. But the Layaz Warrior could see clearly. There was no one here. 
He walked quickly to the huge CO2 scrubbing machinery. Instantly, the warrior knew he had chosen correctly. Only the constant chiming of the alarm could be heard. The equipment was silent. Usually the whole area was filled with the deep rumble of the scrubbers. Only sabotage would have caused the scrubbers to stop functioning, without giving an earlier alarm. Sebastian was thankful that the low O2 detectors had not also been tampered with. He walked to the display panel connected to the machine. The screen was darkened. He saw shards of glass on the ground under it. Someone had broken the interface. The warrior had no way to assess the damage. This was a job for a tech worker. He sprinted for the nearest emergency supply closet. Sebastian pulled the door open and scanned the contents inside. He spotted an oxygen mask and air tank and grabbed them both. Time was running out! 
He would collect whoever was on duty in the Tech Research and Development level, he decided. As he ran, Sebastian prayed that the person at the desk would know how to fix the problem. When the lift doors opened, he saw a youth slumped over at the station. The warrior couldn’t afford the time to find someone else. He hoped the boy would know what to do. Sebastian slipped the mask over the boy’s face and turned the air supply on.
He pulled the youth into his arms. The Layaz Warrior didn’t have time to wait for the youth to come to. He carried the young man into the lift. When the elevator door opened, on the floor that housed the scrubbers, he saw the boy’s eyelids flutter. He was waking up. And, hopefully, just in time. 
“I need your help,” he said, as he stopped in front of the machine. 
The young man opened his eyes with a start.
“I’m setting you down,” said Sebastian. 
He put the boy on his feet and the youth clung to him for several moments.
“What’s that sound?” he asked.
“Low oxygen alert. The CO2 scrubbers have been sabotaged. You need to fix them. Now.”
The young man looked at the machine. He took one step towards it, then another. Sebastian followed him with the air tank.
“I have the worst headache,” he muttered.
“You need to hurry. No one else has an air mask. If you don’t fix this soon, they will die.”
“No pressure,” said the boy, with a grin. He cracked his knuckles and stretched. “I can do this.”
Sebastian followed the youth around with the tank as he did this and that to the equipment. In less than five minutes, the machine shuddered, coughed, and began to purr.

Aurelia
The princess awoke with a terrible headache. Something wasn’t right! She sat up in her darkened chambers. A wave of nausea hit her and she put her hand to her head. Her thoughts swirled. Was she ill?
Suddenly, the door to her sleeping room burst open. Two silhouettes entered at full speed. Panic seized her until she recognized them. It was the Layaz Warrior followed by Adair!
“Adair! Sebastian! What’s going on?” she demanded.
“I just saved your life,” announced Adair. “Again. And, this time, I saved everyone on board this ship too!”
Sebastian flipped the lights on and she saw the two of them more clearly. The warrior looked gravely concerned but Adair was grinning, clearly pleased with himself.
“What happened?” she directed the question towards Sebastian. 
“Someone sabotaged the CO2 scrubbers. Everyone has suffered oxygen deprivation. Adair was able to fix the equipment, just in time. I think it was a really close call. We will have to wait to see if everyone has survived.”
“Boyle!” said the princess.
“You think Boyle did this?” asked Adair, his dark eyes wide with surprise.
“Yes, I do,” she said. “Captain Sebastian, go arrest him immediately. We need to get to the bottom of this.”
Sebastian bobbed and went out quickly.
“What should I do?” asked Adair.
“Go down to the medical deck. See if there’s anything you can do to help Ceris Tam.”
As he walked out, Aurelia went to the communication panel near the door. She keyed Captain Forbes’ personal number. In a moment, his face appeared on screen.
“Yes?” His fair hair was uncombed; he had obviously been in bed.
“We have a problem over here, Captain. Sabotage.” 
“Are you okay?”
“We are now. Sebastian and Detrick’s young nephew saved the day.”
“Who did it?”
“So far, there is no evidence.”
“Boyle?”
“I think so.”



Chapter 11 – The Saboteur
Layaz Warrior 
Sebastian keyed in the lock-override code on the panel outside of Boyle’s quarters. The door slid aside. Sebastian saw the fat man was still lying in the bed. The warrior called for the lights. Boyle’s face was very pale. Sebastian touched his forehead. Boyle was still warm. Sebastian checked for a pulse at the man’s neck. It was there, but weak and irregular. Sebastian tapped the communication panel and called for the medic. 
It was likely that Boyle had been affected by oxygen deprivation. But wouldn’t he have taken precautions if he were the saboteur? 
Sebastian called the princess. Instantly, her face appeared on the screen.
“Yes? Did you find him?”
“Boyle is unconscious. Ceris Tam is on his way here now.”
 “I still think he did it. Tell Tam to keep me informed on Boyle’s condition.”
“Understood.”
The screen blinked off. The situation was extremely serious. Sebastian did not think Boyle was responsible for the damage to the CO2 scrubbers. If they did not find the saboteur, that person could warn Paiden. Sebastian hoped that it was not already too late.
The medic arrived, followed by young Adair. Efficiently, Tam assessed Boyle’s vital signs. Then he rolled the heavy man onto a medical cot for transport to the clinic. 
“I’m not sure,” he murmured to Sebastian. “I will have to run some tests.”
“Please report to the princess when you have more information.”
The medic bobbed as he pushed the cot from the room.
Sebastian tapped the display again, keying the number for Captain Forbes. In several moments, Forbes appeared on the screen.
“Yes?”
“Does Commander Tar have any idea who could have done this?”
“I thought it was Boyle.” 
“Boyle’s unconscious. I’m not convinced that he was the saboteur.” 
“I don’t know. I’ll talk with Commander Tar right away.”
“We have a traitor amongst us, Forbes, and I think he’s still on the loose.”
“Whoever did it must still be on your ship,” said Captain Forbes from the screen.
“Perhaps, but not necessarily.”
“You’re right,” Forbes amended. “We can’t exclude the possibility that the perpetrator had the means to get from the Alpha Outpost to your ship and back. It is possible. Or, perhaps, the saboteur is working with someone from here. I will confer with Commander Tar immediately.”
“Thank you.”
Captain Forbes bobbed and the screen went black.
An ice-cold fear prickled at the back of Sebastian’s neck. He needed to be with the princess! If the saboteur were still on board the ship, she could be in grave danger! The Layaz Warrior hurried from Boyle’s quarters. More people were awake now. Tech workers were wandering about in the corridor.
“What happened?” asked a woman. 
“Low O2 warning. The situation has been rectified.”
It occurred to Sebastian then that, as the captain, it was his responsibility to keep the crew informed as to what was happening on the ship. He jerked to a halt mid-stride and turned to a communication panel. He tapped the sequence to make a ship-wide announcement.
“This is Captain Sebastian. There has been a low oxygen warning. The CO2 scrubbers have now been repaired. Report to your day shift stations as soon as possible.”
That explanation should suffice. Sebastian wasn’t sure how much information to give out. The saboteur would know by now that his attempt to dispatch the crew had been thwarted. Sebastian would have to be careful not to let the culprit know what they knew - which, in this case, amounted to next to nothing. 
Fear fluttered through his mind again. The princess! He had to get to her. The Layaz Warrior quickly stepped into the lift. When he arrived at Aurelia’s quarters, there was no guard at her door. He tapped the communication panel to her room. No reply. Sebastian quickly keyed in the over-ride sequence. He strode through her sitting room to the inner sleeping area. The princess was not there.
He went to a communication display on the wall. The Layaz Warrior tapped out her personal number. The display nearest her on the ship would chime. Sebastian prayed that nothing had happened to her.
The face of the princess appeared on the screen.
“Yes?”
“Your Highness, where are you?”
“I’m in medical. Tam says he thinks that Boyle has experienced a stroke-like condition due to the lack of oxygen in his blood. Boyle may have permanent brain damage…what are you doing in my room?”
“Looking for you. I’ll be right down to medical. Wait for me.” 

Aurelia
It had been weird seeing the Layaz Warrior in her room. What is going on? Was Boyle not the culprit? Was there some other danger on the ship?
The chime sounded as the elevator door slid aside. She looked up from where she sat with Tam, expecting to see Sebastian. Instead she saw a warrior, clad in gray. Ceris Tam stood up.
“What are you doing here?” the medic asked.
The man approached them rapidly. Aurelia stood. She had no weapon. Tam stepped in front of her. 
“Is there something I can do for you?”
The warrior grabbed the medic and flung him, crashing, into a metal bulkhead. Tam crumpled to the ground. Aurelia fled into an inner room and pressed the door lock. The princess tapped the communication panel. Nothing happened. She tried again. Nothing. Somehow, the man had disabled the communication from that panel. Quickly, Aurelia scanned the white-walled room. Boyle lay motionless on a cot near the center of the space. There were no cupboards or shelving stocked with medical equipment. She saw nothing she could use to defend herself. 
The door slid open. The warrior must have been able to over-ride the locking mechanism. She backed up against the far wall. The cot with Boyle on it was between her and the opening door. Then she saw him. The warrior looked at her coldly as he came towards her. He stopped when he got to the cot and pulled something from his belt. An energy beam weapon. Slowly and deliberately, he set the device to kill.
“It’s okay to scream,” he said, quietly. “No one will hear you.”
The man pointed the gun at her. Suddenly, Boyle’s hands shot up and grabbed the warrior’s arm. With surprising strength, Boyle wrenched the gun from the warrior’s grasp and sent the weapon sailing across the room. The warrior shook the older man off and went after his gun. Just then, Aurelia heard the chime of the lift door again.
“Sebastian! Help!” cried Aurelia.
Boyle, dressed in only a medical gown, was on the floor, grappling with the warrior, trying to keep him from the weapon.
Through the door came a blast of fire. Then it was the blue Layaz dragon. The beast went straight for the traitor. In one swift motion, the beast landed on the man with a bone crunching impact and tore into him. The gray-clad warrior was dead. Then the beast turned on Boyle.
“No!” Aurelia came to herself and rushed towards the dragon. “Sebastian, no! Boyle saved my life. Don’t hurt him!” 
Just in time, she stepped between Boyle and the dragon. The beast stopped, regarding her. They looked at each other. She saw little trace of the man she loved, yet the eyes were the same. It sat down on its haunches. 

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian came to himself, looking into the face of his princess. Her eyes were fading from a golden glow. He watched until they were only blue again.
“What happened?” he asked. Then he saw the blood on his hands and on the floor. And the dead warrior dressed in gray.
“You saved my life,” said Aurelia quietly. She turned around and bent down. Sebastian saw then that there was a man collapsed on the ground behind her.
“Boyle?” he asked.
“Yes. He tried to save me. He delayed that man long enough for you to arrive. Boyle was very brave, Sebastian. I hope he will be alright.” The princess cradled the unconscious man.
Sebastian went to a sink in the room. He scrubbed the blood from his hands and arms with water and the disinfectant that was on the counter. Then he helped the princess to lift Boyle back into the bed.
“Ceris Tam!” said the princess. “Is he okay?” She left Sebastian arranging Boyle on the bed and rushed back into the main area. 
The Layaz Warrior followed her. The medic was just picking himself up off the floor. 
“Are you all right?” asked Aurelia.
“Yes, I believe so. I was just knocked out. I’ll put some ice on my head but it doesn’t feel serious. What happened?”
“Boyle and Captain Sebastian saved my life.”
“Boyle?”
“Yes,” said the princess, “I must have been wrong about him. Boyle’s one of the good guys.”
“Where’s Adair?” asked the Layaz Warrior suddenly.
“He’s gone to assess the oxygen scrubbers more thoroughly,” said Tam. “Looking for clues, I believe.”
The youth had not been harmed. Sebastian was relieved. Things could have played out much worse. Unfortunately, he could not question the warrior caste member. And he might not have been working alone. There could yet be more traitors on the ship. He looked down at himself. His royal blue uniform was now nothing but blood- smeared rags. He didn’t want to leave the princess. Who could he trust? How could he make the ship safe?
He moved to the communication panel near the door. Sebastian keyed in the sequence for a ship-wide announcement.
“All security personnel, please report to your stations immediately. A man in the uniform of the warrior caste has just made an attempt on the life of the princess. The threat has been neutralized. There may or may not be other traitors on board this ship. I need everyone on the highest alert. Report any suspicious persons or activities to my personal number immediately.” 
The Layaz Warrior tapped the display panel off. 
“Come with me,” he told the princess.
She followed Sebastian into the lift. He led Aurelia to his quarters. Sebastian just couldn’t go about on his ship, looking the way he did. They went into his room. He palmed the door closed.
“Call Captain Forbes,” he pointed to the communication panel on his desk. The princess sat down. 
Sebastian gathered up a change of clothing from the closet, selecting a royal blue uniform. He looked around the small area and realized he would have to change in the relief cubical. 

Aurelia
The princess didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh. This day had been so frighteningly terrible and she had been almost too stunned to respond. But now, she was safe in his quarters, and she could hear her large Layaz Warrior thumping around in the small privacy cubical, trying to change his clothing in there. She let out a giggle and the tension flowed from her. She took a deep breath.
Aurelia keyed the personal number for Captain Forbes. Instantly, his face blinked onto the screen.
“Princess Aurelia! I had just sat down here to call you. There’s an intruder on your ship!”
“Just one?”
“Yes, I believe so, from what we have found out so far. Only one of them went over there to commit the sabotage.”
He paused, looking at her, as if searching her soul with his eyes. Aurelia wondered what he was thinking.
“I’m glad you’re okay. I was so worried,” said Forbes from the vid.
“I’m okay now. The traitor’s dead. Sebastian…the dragon killed him. The saboteur tried to kill me. Boyle slowed him down long enough for Sebastian to come to my rescue.”
“Boyle?!”
“Yes. He came to just long enough to save me. I guess he wasn’t involved after all.”
“Thank God you’re all right!”
They looked at each other for another moment across the vid. His deep brown eyes made her feel more peaceful. Forbes was a good man. She was glad she had him to help her.
“We have rounded up five traitors here, so far,” Forbes continued. “Commander Tar now believes we have them all except the one on your ship. And I guess we don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
Just then, the Layaz Warrior came out of the relief cubical behind her. Aurelia witnessed a hint of surprise in the arch of Captain Forbes’ eyebrows as Sebastian came into the vid camera range.
“That’s good to hear,” said Sebastian. “We must keep the princess out of harm's way. Can we safely assume that the danger is now past? How sure are you that only one traitor came onboard this ship?”
“The traitor smuggled aboard the princess’ ship when Commander Tar came up to meet her. Both the Commander and I have questioned the prisoners thoroughly, using a truth serum. We believe that they had only one man on board your ship.”
“Why did they do it?” asked Aurelia.
“Apparently, they’re true worshippers of the Black Dragon. But I haven’t told you the worst part.”
The princess dreaded the news.
“What?” asked Sebastian.
“They’ve sent a message to Paiden, telling him that the princess lives and that we’re coming.” 
The princess’ stomach lurched. Now it would come to a firefight.
“The way Tar and I see it, we have two options. Either we wait and let them send fighters to us here or we continue on to our World, as they fortify their position and prepare to engage us.”
The princess turned to the Layaz Warrior. “Assemble the war council in one hour. I need everyone’s input on this.”

Layaz Warrior
Princess Aurelia called the meeting of the war council to order. Commander Tar and Captain Forbes joined them via the vid link again. 
Commander Tar repeated the information that Forbes had shared with Sebastian and her. Then the princess allowed the men to deliberate. They argued back and forth about the merits of facing Paiden at the Alpha Outpost as opposed to those of continuing on to the planet.
“I think we should stay here,” said Forbes. “The Alpha Outpost has very strong defensive capabilities.”
“But what about our families?” asked Commander Tar. “We will only have a chance to save them if we bring the fight to them on our World.”
“Realistically,” said another man on the council, “your families are probably already dead.”
Tar’s face fell. The Layaz Warrior wished the man had not said it, though he had thought the same thing.
“We are thinking about this too simplistically,” said Detrick. “I don’t believe that Paiden will send his whole force to intercept us if we remain here. He is far more likely to try deception, intrigue, or some other kind of plot to cause us harm or division.”
“Detrick’s right,” said another man. “If there’s one thing we know about Paiden, it is that he won’t just attack us straight on.”
“Unless he is provoked,” said the Layaz Warrior.
“Yes,” said Forbes, excitedly, from the large display over the table. “We need to shift things on them, get Paiden dancing to the tune we’re playing.”
“How can we do that?” asked Aurelia.
“Lure him into a trap,” suggested Commander Tar from beside Forbes on the vidscreen.
“What would work to lure Paiden’s fleet here, and what kind of trap could we set for them?” asked the princess. 
The men were silent.
“May I call for Adair, Your Highness?” asked Detrick. “He may have some ideas we haven’t considered.”
Aurelia nodded her consent. The man slipped from his seat and left the room. A moment later, he returned. 
“I called Adair. He was with Boyle, who is now conscious. The boy will be here shortly.”
The men suggested this and that but nothing was brought up that had any significant merit. Nor could the Layaz Warrior think of anything that would work to overthrow Paiden’s regime. As a warrior, it had been his duty to implement the plans. It seemed he did not have the skill set necessary for guile. 
The door to the meeting room whooshed aside. In the entrance stood Adair, with Boyle in a wheelchair. The Layaz Warrior wasn’t sure how he felt about that. He thought Boyle would have been out of commission for longer. Sebastian knew Boyle had not been involved in the sabotage plot but…could Boyle really be trusted?
“Finally, I get invited to a war council meeting,” the youth announced.
“Come in, over here,” said Detrick gruffly. 
Adair pushed Boyle’s wheelchair to the table and stood beside him. 
“So, what are we talking about?” asked the boy.
Captain Forbes and Commander Tar filled him in. Sebastian took the opportunity to watch Princess Aurelia. They might not work together for very much longer and then…he might never see her again, except on a vidscreen when she made speeches to the people.
“Okay,” said Adair, “I’m thinking - set up traps. Oh yeah, and I know just what we should use! I have some really great ideas already and will just need some time to work on them.”
“But how can we get Paiden’s fleet to come fight us here?” asked the princess.
“I have the perfect idea for a first strike, Your Highness,” said Boyle. “Something geared at filling Paiden with rage so he will have no option but to try to retaliate. A crippling blow to him and his Dragon worshiping followers.” 
 “What is your idea, Boyle?” asked the princess.
 


Chapter 12 – Plans and Action
Aurelia
“There is an easy way to make a crippling first strike, Highness,” said Boyle.
“An easy way?”
“An easy way to be rid of many of those who willingly serve the Dragon, those who are for Paiden.”
“How could we do that?”
“Seefer gene smoke is used in the ritualistic worship of the Dragon. If a mild neurotoxin were deployed over our World, into the water supply for instance, then all who regularly burn incense to the dragon in their homes or in the Dragon temples would die. And those who had not inhaled the Seefer gene would remain unaffected because...”
“I am aware of the Seefer gene/neurotoxin combination,” Aurelia said sharply. She looked at Boyle with repulsion. It was suddenly clear to her. Here was the man who had ‘helped’ her father, in just the same way. It must have been him! The man had no honor! But this situation was different. Or was it? This would be the perfect method to sweep her enemies away. None of the tech workers or the warriors loyal to her would die. The victory could be swift and there might be only limited resistance left on the planet. But the princess knew she couldn’t do it.
“If the people burn it in their homes, children would be affected too,” the princess reminded him.
“A small price to pay for peace, Highness. And the data provided by Commander Tar indicates that the highest concentration of avid Dragon worshipers is within the Dirt Caste, the most worthless people on our planet.”
“Boyle, no. Such things should not even be thought. How can you say that? This war will not include the deaths of children. Hundreds or even thousands of children would die! The Dragon may demand the sacrifice of innocent blood. But I will not do that.” 
“As you wish, Princess Aurelia.”
She could see the defeated looks around the table. Others on her war council had thought it a good idea. But what could be done? She would not kill children in this war. Suddenly, an idea came to her mind. 
“But perhaps it could be used in the military installations and the Dragon Temples as no children are permitted in those places,” said the Princess slowly.
Boyle’s face brightened. “Yes, Highness. Excellent idea!”
“Can the neurotoxins be contained to those places so that no children will be affected?”
“Yes, certainly. It will have to be a coordinated strike to release the neurotoxin at all the targets on the planet at the same time. We will use only a weak neurotoxin with a small window of viability. I think this move could end the war even before it begins, Princess.”
“It is unlikely that all military personnel are regular Dragon worshipers,” said Detrick. “So not all the warriors in the bases will be affected.”
“But, as a first strike, it will be very effective,” Boyle assured them. “Many of those who do not worship the Dragon may join our side. Paiden will see red. He will send his fleet after us.”
Boyle smiled at her and the princess made an effort to smile back. She prayed that she was doing the right thing. And then she prayed for Sebastian. She saw their blue and white World in her mind’s eye. Aurelia loved her people more now than she ever had. And it was strange, because she didn’t even really know them. But she had to save them from Paiden’s madness. It was her responsibility. 

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian hated the idea of poisoning the people. Yet it made sense. And he would tolerate it if the innocent were protected. 
“Princess, will you allow me to go with the primary strike force? I would save the families of the warriors if I can, if it is not too late. And I will personally remove Paiden from the throne. I will hunt him down and eliminate that threat to our people.”
She looked at him for a long moment. It seemed that she, too, realized they might never see each other again.
“Yes, Captain Sebastian. You will go with them.”
The other men continued to hammer out the details of their battle plan. The Layaz Warrior only listened. He already knew what his mission would be. He would hunt Paiden until he was no longer a threat to their world. Sebastian looked at his princess. Her lovely face was lined with creases of worry and stress. He would bring her relief. They would not be together but she would have peace. Sebastian wanted her face to shine with joy and to hear her laugh like he had heard her laugh when he was changing in his relief cubical. Peace would bring laughter to their world and to his princess. 
The meeting ended. It had been decided that a strike force of only five of the fastest warships would go on to their World. Princess Aurelia had directed Captain Forbes to lead the attack and Commander Tar to stay back at the Alpha Outpost to organize the ambush. When the first strike ships reached the World, they would carefully deploy the neurotoxin and then the ships would race back to the Alpha Outpost. The first strike team would not leave for their World right away, though, because the neurotoxin had to be manufactured. The technology workers would begin working on that project immediately. 
The Layaz Warrior would not return with the ships to the Alpha Outpost. He would covertly shuttle down to the planet to try to rescue the caste warrior’s families. He had decided that any he could rescue, he would lead to a training area that was deep under the capital city. It had been known only to the Layaz Warriors. He prayed that there would still be families to rescue and that the Layaz training ground had not been discovered by any of Paiden’s people. 
***
In two weeks, all was prepared. A large amount of neurotoxin had been manufactured and was packed, ready for deployment at the military targets. Now it was time for Sebastian to shuttle over to Captain Forbes’ warship. The Layaz Warrior would not pilot a ship, as his mission would require him to separate from the rest of the group when they reached their World. 
Slowly, he walked down the long corridor to the shuttle. With him, he carried only a small duffle bag containing several royal blue uniforms. Sebastian had considered stopping by the princess’ room to say goodbye to her. Then he had thought better of it. What would that accomplish? He was a warrior to her. Nothing else. He would do his duty. The ache in his heart grew as he neared the shuttle bay. 
The Layaz Warrior selected a shuttlecraft. He tapped on the display. The large door came down as a ramp. He threw his pack inside and looked back one more time. Down the hall, he saw the princess. Her pale blue dress shimmered under the florescent lights as she ran towards him. 
The princess stopped just short of him, slightly out of breath. They regarded one another.

Aurelia
“Were you going to leave without saying goodbye?” she asked past the tightness in her throat.
“I…I didn’t know what to do.”
He looked so alone. And she could promise him nothing. When she wanted to promise him everything.
“You will be successful, Sebastian. Stay on the right path, my warrior, and you will live to be honored and…loved.” Her eyes filled with tears. Aurelia knew what she was saying was true but, oh, how she wanted to just tell him she loved him instead.
“Thank you, Princess.” His blue eyes were fixed on her. 
She wanted to keep him with her. But she knew that she had to let him go. 
“I feel we will see each other again,” she said. “Farewell, Sebastian.”
Aurelia held her hand out towards the Layaz Warrior. Sebastian bowed and kissed the back of her hand lightly. 
All at once, Aurelia could contain herself no longer. She pulled the Layaz Warrior towards herself and flung her arms around his neck. 
“I care about you, Sebastian.” She sobbed on his shoulder. The princess clung to him for a moment. Then she released him, wiped her eyes, and smoothed her dress. 
Sebastian just stared. Aurelia wondered what the Warrior was thinking. She was becoming undone. Perhaps saying goodbye to her Warrior wasn’t such a good idea after all. 
“Should I go now?” he asked her.
“Yes.”
Slowly, he turned and walked up the ramp. Then the shuttle door closed, eclipsing him from her sight.
Princess Aurelia left the shuttle bay; she tried to leave her thoughts of him there. Her ship, now to be captained by Ella, would remain at Alpha Outpost. It might be nice to have another woman to talk with. Aurelia decided that she would make a point to try to become friends with Captain Ella. It would be two days before the strike force reached their World and then another two days before they got back. She should try to enjoy her ‘time off’.
***
Princess Aurelia sat in a chair next to Ella on the bridge. Captain Forbes had just sent word that their ships were almost in range of the planet. Several minutes later, he sent another message. So far they had not been detected. They were almost ready to deploy the missiles. Aurelia sent up a silent prayer for Forbes and for Sebastian and for success. 
Another message: Missiles away.
The 1250 sophisticated missiles stocked for the warships at Alpha Outpost had been modified to deliver the neurotoxins to the largest military targets and Dragon temples. The missiles now carried only a small explosive charge to disperse the neurotoxin into the air over a several mile radius. When they had planned the attack, the princess had made sure that no civilian housing complexes, schools, or hospitals would be contaminated, even if there were high winds on the day of the attack. 
In thirty minutes, they received another message from Forbes. Nine hundred sixty of the targets had been hit. The rest of the missiles had been destroyed in the atmosphere by Paiden’s ground to air defenses. Captain Sebastian was away. The five strike ships were safely out of the weapons rage of the planet. There was no significant damage to report. They were headed back to the Alpha Outpost.
The bait was out and the trap was set.

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian had been able to avoid the ground to air defenses until the shuttle was within parachute range of the planet. Then he jettisoned from the craft. The shuttle had exploded in a fireball above him when it was struck by an anti-aircraft missile. He allowed himself to drop through the air. The ground rushed up at him. The Layaz warrior couldn’t afford to make himself a target. Hopefully, he had not been seen jettisoning from the shuttle. The warrior pulled open the chute when he was only 50 feet from the ground. Just before impact, he would bring out the dragon to withstand the shock. The beast would recognize the area. It would run through the sewers to the training area. Sebastian needed to be sure the place was secure before bringing refugees there. Blue fire exploded around him.
Sebastian woke up to find himself resting, in the dark, against a hard, stone wall. Here, even he had to strain to see anything. He heard the sound of rushing water as a current pulled around his legs. He was standing in water to his knees. This was the place. He was right outside the Layaz Warrior training area. Sebastian walked up the staircase leading to the entry. He found the panel beside the door. It was covered with a layer of slime. It seemed no one had been there in a very long time. He pressed out the code into the archaic keypad. The heavy metal door released with a click. Sebastian pushed the door inward and listened. He opened the door wider and peered into the even deeper darkness within. No one was there. Sebastian went inside and closed the heavy metal door behind him. He heard the locking mechanism fall into place. Then Sebastian felt for the power-on switch that he remembered to be near the door. He found it and flipped it on. Overhead lights buzzed to life, illuminating a place he had come to love. He walked through the complex to ensure that it would be a safe place to bring the militaries’ families, assuming there was still some left for him to rescue. He surveyed the 500 sleeping quarters, the seven large training areas, and the dining area. Everything was just as he remembered it. Except that, instead of being filled with his kin, it was as empty and quiet as a tomb. But perhaps the old place would be useful once more. He checked the storage cubicles. There were still weapons there. The food that remained in boxes in the kitchen would likely have gone bad but that was a small thing. He turned the faucet. Clean water poured out. Everything was in order. Any people he was able to rescue would be safe here.
The Layaz Warrior went to the main information terminal. He flipped the switch. The old computer powered up. He was online! Sebastian went straight to the undervid feed. Yes! It was still up. There were others, on this planet, who weren't pleased with the world Paiden had created. He searched for information on the families of the military men based on the Alpha Outpost. What he found shocked him. Most of them had already been sacrificed to the Dragon. Even the children. And it had all been broadcast live, planet-wide. He was almost too late but he would still do what he could. He searched through the online files until he found more data. But there were still several hundred women and children guarded in an apartment block near the largest Dragon temple in the center of the city. He would have to hurry. The next sacrifice was scheduled to happen in less than four hours. 
The Layaz Warrior ran through the sewers but didn't let the beast take over, even though his adrenaline was high. He needed to do this himself. The Warrior had a stun weapon, his knife, and a satchel in which there were 100 small blast grenades, very portable, only the size of small stones.
It took the Layaz Warrior forty-five minutes to reach the sewer system directly under the apartment block. He would destroy anyone who stood between him and rescuing those people. He prayed that the neurotoxin deployed by the strike force had hit its mark. The Dragon temple and the surrounding area, including the apartment block, should be clear, as the apartment in question had been thought to be a military target housing Dragon priests and guards. Any worshipers of the Dragon in this area should now be dead. He prayed none of the women or children had been exposed to the Seefer gene.
Up out of the sewer came the Layaz Warrior, onto the street level. It was nighttime. Sebastian saw the building where the hostages were being held. He sprinted towards the complex. On reaching the door, he found it locked. The warrior pulled one of the blast grenades from his satchel as he backed away from the entrance. He set it for sonic blast and threw it towards the doors. The glass in the door shattered. Sebastian stepped forward, reached through broken shards, depressed the handle, and opened the door. As he entered the building, he saw the bodies of temple guards littering the halls. Boyle’s plan had worked! 
Silently, Sebastian made his way to the main security station in the building. He had been able to obtain a blueprint of the building online through the undervid feed. He prayed the security station would be devoid of life; otherwise, they’d see him coming. When he reached the central station, he met with no resistance. Surveying the data from the equipment, Sebastian quickly found out where the families of the warriors were being held. He tapped the keys to unlock those doors remotely. Then he raced down a hallway and up a flight of stairs. On reaching the third floor, he saw women and children, dressed in the gray tunics that marked them as warrior caste. They were wandering from the rooms he had just unlocked. Women gasped as they saw what he was.
“I’m here to help you!” he called into the growing crowd. “Make sure everyone is out of their rooms. We need to get out of here!”
He watched several of the mothers as they systematically opened the doors and checked in each of the rooms off that hallway. The group continued to grow until, finally, all the women and children were assembled. They looked to him. 
“I have somewhere safe for you to go,” Sebastian announced. “We must move quickly. Carry the young children. Let’s go!” He turned back towards the staircase and descended at the pace of a brisk walk. Even the older children would not be able to keep up if he were to go any faster. He brought them down into the sewer through an access hatch in the back lane behind the building. Sebastian sent several of the mothers down first while he stood guard in the street. Slowly, the mothers assisted the children down into the darkness. It was taking too long. Sebastian prayed that they would not be discovered. A little over twenty minutes elapsed before the last child disappeared down the access tunnel. Carefully, the Layaz Warrior climbed down after them and closed the hatch, leaving the warrior caste families blind in the darkness. He heard several of the young children whimpering.
“Everyone, hold hands,” said Sebastian. “Mothers, make sure you don’t lose any of your little ones.” 
Their progress was slow in the cold, filthy water but he pressed them to go as fast as they could manage. In only a little over four hours, the small tribe had reached the secret Layaz training facility. Sebastian pressed the correct sequence on the keypad and brought the group inside, closing and locking the door behind them. They were safe. He flicked on the lights.
Sebastian heard several sighs of relief. He saw the deep lines of worry easing on the mothers’ faces.
The women were glad of the heated, running water showers and the beds with clean sheets. They washed their children and put them to bed. Contrary to what Sebastian had expected, the women did find some food in the cupboards that could still be eaten. They would have enough for several days. Once the children were in bed, it was quiet in the training facility once more. But this time, it was quiet in a good way. Sebastian had saved them. He would rest, too. Then, he would hunt.
 


Chapter 13 – The Trap!
Aurelia 
Aurelia felt tense as she sat beside Ella on the bridge, waiting for word that Captain Forbes had returned. The defensive spheres would not be deployed until the five ships that had comprised the primary attack force were back to the Alpha Outpost. The main vidscreen showed them a view of the Alpha Outpost space station and the 69 other warships clustered about it. Adair and Commander Tar had come up with an excellent battle strategy which they assured her would work. Adair was confident that they could win with zero losses. Though the commander had not promised her zero losses, he had been certain that it was the best possible battle plan to strike down Paiden’s fleet and decisively win the war. Still, somehow she felt like a sitting duck.
A message came through on to the main vidscreen. Captain Forbes was nearing the Alpha Outpost. Princess Aurelia saw the ships on the forward display. They were coming in fast. 
“Paiden's fleet are still following us,” the captain's voice came through the overhead speaker. “They are not within weapon's range but they are hot on our tail.”
“Position defensive spheres,” came the voice of commander Tar through the small display at her chair. 
The other ships had collected some of the defensive spheres that had encircled the star system. These spheres were powered by the station and had been set up to defend the World’s planetary system. But now, after being reprogrammed by Adair and his team, they would defend Alpha Outpost instead.
Princess Aurelia had a direct vid link to the Alpha Outpost command center so that she would know what was happening at all times.
The ships that had just arrived joined the other 70 warships in a tight formation around the Alpha Outpost. They were protected behind the powerful shields of the massive space station.
The defensive spheres had been preprogrammed to position themselves through the use of magnetic impulses. As she watched, the shining orbs formed a large bubble surrounding the ships and the space station. Tar had told her that the defensive spheres would be 100 miles from the space station. As she watched the forward screen, Paiden's fleet came into view. The lead ship stopped just short of the defensive spheres. They had seen the devices!
“Ten thousand, one hundred, fifty ships,” said Ella, looking at the reading on her display panel. It was no surprise. Princess Aurelia was aware of the number of starships manned by the warrior caste because they all used to belong to her father.
Paiden's ships formed a circle around the station, just beyond the defensive spheres. Then the ships began to fire. The spheres, equipped with lasers, returned fire. Paiden’s fleet thought they had her forces surrounded. Tar had predicted this. Bright laser light flew into the spheres and then bounced off the shining metal surfaces. These spheres had been designed with a photon repulsion coating. The enemy ships ceased firing. They had taken a few hits but Aurelia could see that there was no major damage. She felt disappointment; yet she knew this, too, had been anticipated. 
“Looks like their shields are holding,” said Ella from beside her. “I imagine now they're scanning our little friends out there. This should be interesting.”
It seemed to Aurelia that nothing happened. 
“So, I wonder if that worked,” said Ella.
Adair had explained to Aurelia that the x-rays would also be repulsed by the defensive spheres. Usually, x-rays sent into the hull of a ship wouldn’t be an issue as x-rays are typically harmless for star ships. In fact, the shielding that ships employed was of a frequency designed to block laser photons; in this way, all the ship’s power could be used to block those photons that could damage the ship. So the x-rays bounced back to the enemy ships from the spheres would pass right through their shielding and into the hulls of the ships. But Adair had modified the spheres and engineered a little surprise for Paiden’s fleet. Piggybacked with each of the bounced x-rays would be a short code virus. A virus designed for only one purpose, to take out the ship’s vid feed. Without their vid feed, the ships would be blind.
“Paiden’s ships are firing missiles,” said Captain Ella. The long metal projectiles seemed to float peacefully towards the glimmering bubble of spheres that were protecting the Alpha Outpost.
“Return fire,” said Commander Tar from the main speaker. Each ship was positioned so that it could shoot laser fire through the spaces between defensive spheres. The Alpha Outpost warships had no missiles left, as all the missiles that had supplied their warships had been used to deploy the neurotoxin in the initial attack on their World.
The missiles of Paiden’s fleet tore through some of the defense orbs, causing them to explode. An orb couldn’t withstand a full missile payload. As the spheres were destroyed, Paiden’s ships began firing on Alpha station. The shielding at Alpha station was much, much stronger than that of a starship. Commander Tar figured the shield could withstand a full missile attack without taking damage to the station or to the ships that waited within its protection. A warship could carry only 50 missiles and then it, too, would be reduced to using laser weapons. 
Aurelia felt a tremor.
“Alpha Station shields at 40%,” she heard over the main speakers. 
“We need to send out the other ships now,” she heard Adair’s young voice saying through her personal display. He was aboard the Alpha station. “We need to send them in before someone on Paiden’s ships figures out how to clean the virus from their ship’s system.”
“We don’t even know if it worked,” Detrick said from beside the boy.
“There’s only one way to find out,” said Commander Tar. “Secondary fleet, attack!
Paiden’s ships were now also firing only lasers. The ships had spent their missiles. They would soon see if the ships were firing blindly. 
Less than one light year away, in a star system containing several planets, the 22 battle- capable ships and the 300 shadow vessels were hidden. On Tar’s signal, their pilots set course for the Alpha Outpost to join the battle. It would take seventeen minutes for them to be within weapons range. Paiden’s ships would have plenty of time to turn and counter the attack, if they saw them coming. They waited. Another tremor. If the shields of Alpha Station fell, the ships now clustered around it would move out to engage the attacking fleet but the station itself would be helpless. The physical metal shielding of the station wouldn’t hold up for long against a constant barrage of laser fire. The minutes ticked away as Paiden’s Fleet and the Alpha Outpost ships exchanged laser fire. Then the princess saw them. The rest of her fleet were streaming towards the rear of Paiden’s ships. The enemy ships did not turn around to fight. The secondary fleet split into two columns and blew past the enemy’s flank, on two sides of the station. They loosed their missiles as they flew past. Eleven hundred missiles bored into their targets. Explosions flared on the screen. 
“Report,” asked Tar, as she watched the command deck on her personal display.
“Six hundred ships have been destroyed. Another five hundred ships have sustained significant damage,” answered one of his crew.
“Good,” said Tar. “No doubt, they shifted power to reinforce their forward shields.”
The secondary fleet came for a second pass. Again, they split into two columns, this time to strike on a different two sides of the station. She watched as 50 of the smaller ships, some of the shadow vessels, broke away from the fleet and smashed into Paiden’s ships broadside. The momentum sent ships in Paiden’s fleet careening into each other. Explosions lit the screen so brightly it turned white. When the background faded again to the black of space, Aurelia saw burning wreckage everywhere.
“Report,” said Commander Tar.
Aurelia watched the personal display. The commander’s face was tense but pleased. They were winning!
“Just a moment, Sir. We are still assessing the data,” said a crewman. 
“The total number of ships destroyed is 4073. Another 2000 have sustained major damage.”
The secondary fleet made another pass on the final two sides of the station - above and below her ship’s position. The vid display now showed that strike. Again, 50 ships went sailing into the sides of Paiden’s fleet. Another huge explosion occurred and this one rocked the ship she was in. The turbulence was becoming more frequent and more violent.
“Shields at 20%.” Commander Tar’s voice came through the main speakers. They wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer. 
Tar spoke through the overhead speakers again. “Seven thousand of Paiden’s ships have been destroyed. Most of the rest have sustained significant damage.”
Aurelia could see that some of Paiden’s ships were now turning, maneuvering to meet the Secondary Fleet. 
“Looks like they got their displays back up,” said Ella from beside her.
But Paiden’s ships were trapped. They didn’t have enough shielding power to defend against attacks from both sides. The Secondary Fleet made another pass, exchanging laser fire with some of the ships that had turned. More explosions. The tremors on the ship had ceased. The attack on the Alpha Outpost was breaking off.
Aurelia saw several ships powering up to jump to light speed. Then they were gone.
She looked at her display of the command center on Alpha Outpost.
A crewman spoke, “Seventy-one ships just jumped into light speed, Sir. The Secondary Fleet wants to know if they should pursue.”
“No. Let them go. News of our victory will demoralize those left still loyal to Paiden on our World and give hope to those loyal to the crown.”
“Another message coming in, Sir,” said the crewmen.
“Put it on the main vid,” said Tar.
“This is Captain Serge, now in command of the Dragon fleet. We surrender.” 
“Ceasefire,” said Commander Tar. His voice came through the speaker overhead. The light zinging back and forth stopped. Only burning debris disturbed the deep velvet backdrop, with its shimmer of distant stars.
“The surrender would have to be unconditional,” said Commander Tar.
“Agreed.”
“Give me a few moments to confer with the Princess,” said Tar.
Commander Tar’s face appeared on her personal display. His blue-gray eyes that had been filled with excitement now seemed sad. 
“Shall we accept their surrender?”
“Yes,” said the princess.
“That is my inclination as well, Highness. Only remember, it could be a ruse of some kind. Accepting their surrender will be more dangerous, both in the short and the long term, than ending this completely. We will have to think of what to do with them if we accept their surrender. Prisoners are a complication…a liability.”
“Yet you would spare them?”
“The warriors on those ships…they are my kin.”
“And my people, too,” said the princess. “Allow their surrender.”
“Wait! I just had a different idea. I think I can do you one better. I’ll force them to join us.”
“Do you think that would work?”
“We’ll see,” said Tar.
“Okay,” said Aurelia. “Try it.”
Tar bobbed and the vid feed flipped back to a view of the entire command deck.
Tar’s voice came across her personal display, “Get Captain Serge on screen.”
A moment later, Commander Tar was looking at Captain Serge on his main display screen.
“Will you accept our surrender?”
“The princess wants to,” said the commander, “only we don’t have enough room for so many prisoners. You still have thousands of people on your ships. What would we do with you? I told her that it would be much safer and more convenient to blow you out of the sky.”
“Wait!” said Serge. “We are like brothers, you and I. The Warrior Caste has always fought together, not against each other. We will join you. The Warrior Caste will fight for the princess.”
“Can I trust you, Serge, my brother?”
“Yes, I give you my word of honor.”
“Very well. Prepare your ships to be boarded.” 
Of Paiden’s fleet, only 1027 ships, mostly badly damaged, were left at the time of the cease-fire. Seventy-one ships had escaped. The rest had been destroyed. The warriors and tech workers, using shuttles, sent a party to board each ship. All the captains, first officers, and other essential personnel were questioned and their risk was assessed. The few warriors found to be devout worshipers of the Dragon were arrested and deported to the Alpha Outpost brig. It appeared that most of the warriors didn’t actually care for the Dragon and had chosen to follow Paiden because they had thought he would bring about positive reform on their planet. 
It was determined that a little fewer than half the ships could be salvaged; the people on the other ships were evacuated to the space station. The abandoned ships would be used for parts. Technology Caste Workers and maintenance workers from the Warrior Caste assessed the ships. They selected the 500 ships that would be repaired. The technology and maintenance workers estimated that repairs on these ships would take approximately two weeks. 
The day after the battle, Princess Aurelia had a war council meeting with her now- expanded group of advisors. She was sad that Sebastian could not be there. Aurelia worried about her Layaz Warrior and wondered about how things were going for him on the planet.
Princess Aurelia called the meeting of her war council to order. Almost all of the faces were now on the vidscreen. Only Captain Ella joined her in the meeting room aboard her ship. 
“You all know why we are meeting today,” said Aurelia. “We need to determine when and how we will take back our World. I know some of you are in favor of going now while others of you favor waiting until we repair the ships and manufacture more weapons. I will now hear your advice.”
“We should go now,” said Commander Tar. “We need to strike while Paiden’s forces are still reeling from the double blows we just dealt them.”
“We need to wait,” said Boyle, on the screen from a wheelchair. “We have nothing to throw at them. All our missiles are spent. The ships’ lasers won’t reach the planet’s surface.”
“They don’t know that we have no missiles,” countered Commander Tar.
“A bluff is not a strong position to be in,” said Captain Forbes.
“If we wait,” said Detrick, “we can have more weapons manufactured at Rigal.”
“That would take months!” Tar objected.
“I think we should go now,” said Captain Serge. “If Paiden somehow finds out that we have betrayed him…our families are in grave danger.”
“Going now would be rushing in unprepared, “ said Captain Forbes. 
Princess Aurelia weighed the decision. Most of the Warrior Caste seemed in favor of going now, while the Technology Caste was in favor of waiting until they were better armed. A lot could change on the planet in several months time. Waiting would also be giving Paiden time to regroup, plan, and arm. She felt they should go now. Yet she deeply respected Detrick and Captain Forbes. But this was a matter of war. And the warriors had said that they should go now.
“Captain Ella,” Aurelia turned to the woman beside her, “what are your thoughts on this matter?”
Ella looked thoughtful for a moment. “I believe it makes sense to wait. How can we fight if we have no weapons with which to strike Paiden on the planet? Would we try to shuttle down and fight them with our stun beams? Waiting is the only thing that makes sense to me.”
Princess Aurelia nodded. “We will wait.”



Chapter 14 – Dragon’s Fire
Layaz Warrior
He awoke to the smell of sweet, breakfast pastries. It was time - time for the reign of evil to come to a close. Whatever the rumors said Paiden to be…his reign was at an end. The Layaz Warrior rose swiftly and donned a royal blue uniform. Sebastian considered selecting black colored clothing from the supply closets but discarded the idea. Stealth just wasn’t his style.
It was odd seeing women and children in the halls. But sort of nice. They scurried around him. Sebastian went to the main information terminal. He tapped into the undervid feed to try to get a lead on where Paiden would be. While he sat there, a woman came in quietly and left a plate with a pastry on it. Sebastian popped it into his mouth as he searched through the data. He decided he could get used to this type of thing.
The main Dragon Temple. According to the unofficial reports, Paiden had survived the initial strike and was having the Dragon Temple rededicated with a rash of new sacrifices. It was still daylight outside but Sebastian needed to go now. Paiden had to be stopped. 
The Layaz Warrior collected a stun weapon. Slamming the heavy metal door behind him, he took to the sewers at a run. He reached the main Dragon Temple in just under forty-five minutes. 
Sebastian came up through a sewer portal near the temple. The massive structure, made of dark colored stone and gold, cast a shadow on the lane where he now crouched. Sebastian spotted a service door in the side of the temple near him. He ran for it. The door pushed open easily. Sebastian closed it behind him. The interior of the temple was dark. He heard the Dragon priests chanting some distance away.
“We thank you, Great Dragon, that you have accepted these sacrifices!” 
It sounded like Paiden’s voice. 
As the Layaz Warrior walked through the temple, what he saw horrified him. He past one, small, lifeless body after another and rage grew in him against the great evil that had been done. Not a child in the place remained alive. He had arrived too late to save them. The Layaz Warrior grew hotter and hotter; he burned within. Blue fire exploded around him. Before he lost consciousness, the Layaz Warrior saw fire spew from his mouth, incinerating the dark hanging curtains, setting alight the ornate blood splattered rugs and tapestries. 
Sebastian woke up to find himself in the sewers once more, this time exhausted and shivering. He needed rest. He staggered down the cold tunnels. 

Aurelia
Aurelia disliked this waiting. Only one day had passed since the battle and, already, she felt the inaction weighing heavily on her. She felt uneasy. Something just wasn’t right. Was Sebastian okay? Or had her feelings to do with her new warriors? By this time, almost all of them would have been screened and anyone thought to be a threat would have been incarcerated. 
She wondered if taking a tour of the Alpha Outpost had been a good decision. But her advisors had assured her that she would be safe. She walked, with Boyle, slowly down the long, wide hall in the station. The best thing about the place was the exercise area. The fitness trails there were enormous tubes of clear polycarbonate. The Alpha Outpost was a stationary military base so it did not need to be made entirely of metal in order to withstand the sheering forces present at greater-than-light speed. Aurelia loved seeing the black of space and stars all around her. 
Boyle had just recovered the use of his legs, and Ceris Tam had prescribed copious amounts of walking. Though he had proved himself loyal and useful, she still wasn’t overly fond of the man. But walking with him gave her something to do. And he did tell interesting stories. He was careful not to tell ones that would upset her. 
Just then, Princess Aurelia saw someone running down the hall towards them. This occurrence, in itself, was not unusual in the fitness trails. Many of the warriors regularly used these paths for cardiovascular endurance training. But something about the way the man looked at her as he jogged towards them… When he had almost passed them, Aurelia saw him reaching under his jacket with his right hand. Before she could even cry out, Boyle had jumped at him. She wouldn’t have believed the old man had so much strength! Aurelia dashed to a communication panel and tapped the emergency sequence. More warriors would be there within minutes. She looked back to see Boyle on top of the man, struggling for the weapon. An energy beam gun fired once and again and a third time. Then Boyle had the weapon and fired on the man at point blank range. The gray-clad warrior was dead. Aurelia rushed to Boyle.
“Are you all right?!”
She skidded to a stop, her long dress impeding her stride, and knelt beside him. The large man struggled and rolled onto his back.
Aurelia gasped. His uniform had been burned away and there were scorch marks on his chest. Boyle had been hit!
“You’re hurt!”
“I’m an old man, Princess Aurelia.” He reached out and took her hand. “It has been an honor to serve you.”
“Boyle…the medics will be here soon.” Aurelia blinked back tears.
“Highness,” said Boyle, gripping her hand, “promise me that you will not eliminate all the Warrior caste, that you will protect my kin.”
“If I am queen, I promise you, Boyle, I will protect them.”
He squeezed her hand again and smiled ruefully. “Oh, you’ll be queen. You have too much of your father in you not to be.”
Aurelia heard quick footfalls and turned to see warriors and a medic running towards them. She looked back to Boyle. His eyes were closed and his chest was still. Boyle was gone. Aurelia pulled his hand to her face and wept. He was one of the good guys.

Layaz Warrior
The Layaz Warrior heard a timid knock on his door. His head hurt. He thought he should rest longer. When he had arrived home, he had learned, through the undervid, that the main Dragon Temple had been completely destroyed and that the priests within had been burned alive. He thought he would be able to take some time off. Sebastian wondered if he were sick. He felt like there was something wrong with him. Then he wondered if the woman at the door might have another meal. They really had been very kind. Or maybe they had run out of food and needed his help. He struggled to the entrance. Out in the hall, one of the warrior caste women beckoned him to come quickly. 
“You really need to see this.”
She led him to the main information terminal where a group of women were watching something on the vidscreen.
“The Dragon cannot die! These small, pathetic attempts to disturb our god can never succeed. Each time he is attacked, the Great Black Dragon only comes back stronger!”
Sebastian watched the vid feed in disbelief. Paiden was still alive! Somehow, he had survived the temple fire unscathed.
“I can’t believe he’s already making speeches!” said the Layaz Warrior.
“It’s been two days,” said a woman. “You have stayed in your room a long time.”
“Two days! I need to go after him,” Sebastian vowed.
“You don’t look well,” said the same woman. 
“Maybe you should rest first or at least eat something,” suggested another.
“No,” said the Layaz Warrior. “I can’t afford to. This evil must end!”
Sebastian grabbed a stun weapon and made sure he had his knife with him. Then he went out the heavy metal door and into the sewer system. In the broadcast, Paiden had been at the Grand Estate. So that was where Sebastian was headed. The Grand Estate was at the heart of the capital city. The fetid water felt cold through his thin uniform. An hour later, when he finally reached the sewer that could be used to access the building, Sebastian was shivering. The only other time he had been this cold was when he had been so badly burned back on Quisquiliae. There must be something wrong with him. He rested for a moment, leaning against a wall, before he opened the portal leading into the Grand Estate. Sebastian unsealed the hatch and pressed onward. He found the slippery stairs leading up into the building. Only the Layaz knew of this route into the Grand Estate. The secret passageway opened near the raised dais where the throne sat in the great hall. If Paiden hadn’t taken his kin through deception, they would have been able to fight back. Sebastian was angry. Paiden and his Dragon worshipers had killed all of his kind. Even the youngest of his kin had been slaughtered. He would destroy them for what they had done. 
Quietly, Sebastian pushed open the portion of wall and looked out of the passage. The Layaz Warrior saw Paiden sitting on the throne. He was no king! The hall was filled with people dressed in black, no doubt more worshipers of the Black Dragon. Sebastian burned. The blue fire took him.
When he came to himself, he was standing over what little was left of Paiden. Blood was everywhere. The Layaz Warrior scanned the crowd. Men, women, and children were looking at him, just staring, as if they were frozen in place. Worshipers of the Dragon. They all must die. These people were not fit to live.

Aurelia
Fire. Fire all around her. Freezing the blood in her veins. This was no natural fire. Suddenly, Aurelia realized that it must be a dream. She was safe aboard her ship near the Alpha Outpost. Then she heard the voice of the one who had spoken to her before, in her sleeping chamber.
“Sebastian’s in danger. Go to him. Pray.”
The princess awoke with a start. Sebastian! He was in trouble. She stumbled out of bed and pressed the communication display on the wall. She tapped for the bridge. The face of Captain Forbes appeared onscreen. 
“Where’s Ella?” asked the princess.
“We exchanged ships. I…”
“It doesn’t matter,” she cut him off. “We need to go to our World. Now. Sebastian’s in trouble.”
Forbes just looked at her over the vid.
“Now, Captain! Point this ship towards our World and press go!”
“Right now? Wouldn’t that be…imprudent? What shall I tell the rest of the fleet?”
“You can tell Tar that he got his wish. We’re going now.”
It took two days at top speed to reach their World from the Alpha Outpost. The princess hoped that God had given her an advance warning and that she would get there in time. Aurelia had prayed for Sebastian almost every waking moment. She just couldn’t lose him. 
Aurelia sat on the bridge beside Captain Forbes. She watched the main vid display as their World went from a small blue marble to a blue and white orb that filled the entire screen. He was down there somewhere, in danger. What had Paiden done to him?
“What now?” asked the Captain.
Aurelia was already walking towards the elevator.
“We shuttle down to the Grand Estate.”
“Wait…Princess…This isn’t a good plan.”
“I have seen it, Forbes. When I prayed for him, I saw in my mind what I must do.”
They had stopped just outside the lift. Their gazes locked. Captain Forbes’ brown eyes grew thoughtful. 
“Okay, let’s go.” He pressed the button to call the elevator. 
They shuttled down to the planet, despite the protests of Commander Tar and her other advisors. She had taken care to wear flat shoes. As soon as the captain had landed the ship and opened the door, Aurelia dashed out. She ran full out, heading towards the Great Hall.
“Wait!” called Captain Forbes. “Wait!”
She heard him chasing after her. Then she heard laser fire. Forbes was still shouting but the guards had seen him and were shooting at him. But it didn’t matter. He’d be okay. All that mattered was getting to Sebastian in time.
“No!” she screamed, on reaching the hall. “No!”
She saw the Layaz Warrior as in her vision. He was just stepping down from the dais, Paiden’s body decimated on the ground behind him. His royal blue uniform had been reduced to shreds. He held his long knife in his hands. Sebastian advanced on the crowd. 
“No! Sebastian, no!”
It was as if he didn’t hear her, as if he was in some sort of a trance. Aurelia raced across the space between them. The Layaz Warrior was raising his knife. There was a child in front of him. The princes careened into Sebastian. He fell backwards and she stumbled down on top of him. Thankfully, his knife had been knocked to the side. The Layaz Warrior pushed her off mechanically and rolled to the side. He retrieved his weapon. The spell had not been broken. 
“Sebastian, no!” she cried, as he wielded the knife again. She had no dragon tears to protect her from Sebastian the man, yet she stood in front of him, between him and the crowd.
“Sebastian! What are you doing?”
“The Dragon worshipers must die. They killed my kind. It is justice.”
“Sebastian!” She grabbed his knife arm. “Remember mercy!”
The princess clung to his arm, trying to pull him away from the black-clad people. But he merely shook her off. She saw on the dais a huge golden bowl filled with fire and remembered the fire from her dream. Aurelia ran up the steps and pushed at the stand, meaning to send it careening into the Layaz Warrior. She was sure it wouldn’t kill him - only stop him and save him from whatever had a hold of his soul. Peace might be lost to him, and to their whole world, forever if he slaughtered these people. 
But the golden bowl was very heavy and, when she shoved the stand, she couldn’t shift it. So she moved to the other side and pulled with all her might. Aurelia realized, just before the stand gave way, that she was tipping the fiery contents of the bowl right onto herself. But she had to save him.

Layaz Warrior
Princess Aurelia screamed. 
Her screams of agony pierced his mind and, suddenly, Sebastian saw through the cold fire that seemed to burn around him. He heard his princess screaming. A small child with a frightened face stood watching him. He looked and saw his knife, still in his hand. He sheathed it and shook himself free. He would walk the path of justice and mercy. 
He turned and saw his princess on fire. As he ran to smother the flames, he felt his heart breaking into a million pieces. Aurelia!



Chapter 15 – Conditions for Peace
Aurelia
It was a vast property, much larger than the palace where she had grown up. Here they would live and raise their family. She had been told there was an extensive swimming area and she knew how much Sebastian liked swimming. The princess was excited to see the inside of the building. The outside looked just like a castle. It was utterly charming, made of light colored stone, with royal blue flags flying from the towers! As they walked through the grand entrance, she smelled the scent of frying potatoes and cinnamon pastries. How odd! There were food venders set up along both sides of the entry hall. It was of no matter. She would have the merchants removed. They walked in. The place was bright and cheery. All the walls had huge windows that looked out into the blowing snow. But, as she gazed around the vast area, she realized there were no window coverings. She could have drapes sewn, Aurelia thought to herself.
“Here is the pool,” said their guide. “The lazy river goes the entire circumference of the building.”
Sure enough, a deep stream flowed past her, bubbling and frothing, all the way around the inside of the building. The air felt damp and the princess wondered if mold might become a problem.
“The bedrooms are all up here,” the guide said, pointing to a brick tower that stood nearby. Except for the Princess’ private rooms. Those are way up there.” He pointed straight up.
Aurelia craned her neck to see. A slender tower rose far up into the empty area near the ceiling. She stared at ‘her rooms’ in disbelief. The area was entirely transparent. Probably not made of glass but, rather, of some type of polycarbonate material. Even from where she stood, the princess could see the transparent bathtub. It was like she would be on display! This would not be appropriate! And why would she not share a room with her Sebastian? 
“This is perfect,” said Sebastian, “We’ll take it!”
“No!” she woke up with the words on her lips. Aurelia tried to understand where she was. The room was only dimly lit. She was lying in a strange bed with a thin sheet covering her. What was she wearing? It wasn’t her sleeping gown. One of her arms was constrained. Aurelia felt strange and so tired. Then she remembered what had happened. She must be in a hospital! 
There were two chairs by her bed. She could see in the dim light that the chairs held two sleeping figures – Nanny and Marcy. Her servants! Nanny had been like a mother to her, and Marcy was her best friend. She felt great relief at seeing them there. But where was Sebastian? They would never be choosing a house together. Sadness constricted her throat. But was he all right? Did he live? And had he chosen the path of mercy? Confused darkness closed in on her once more.
***
Aurelia smiled to herself as she looked down at the course list. She never really thought she’d end up taking courses at the Technology Caste Academy. But times had changed on her World and so could she. She was not the queen after all, only a student. But with a bright future ahead of her. She closed her locker and slung her backpack over her shoulder. Now she just had to find the correct teacher and everything would be okay. She realized the course names did not have the names of the teachers beside them. But it couldn’t be that difficult to find her way around. Soon, she arrived at a large assembly room. While she waited for the papers to be handed out, she wondered if Sebastian would come to visit her. But no, it would be too soon for that. But perhaps he would visit her here in the future. She filled out the paperwork and noticed the other students were all gathering around their teachers. But where was her teacher? She tried to join one group but that teacher sent her away. Aurelia followed a different group but she lost them in the unfamiliar hallways of the large building. Finally, she came to a large, slowly moving river. The sun was shining brightly overhead and tall trees overhung the bank. Aurelia knew if she could just jump across the river, she would be able to find where she was supposed to be. She saw some large stones sticking up out of the water. Wait…this doesn’t make any sense. 
Again, Aurelia woke up in the same dimly lit room. Her servants were still asleep in the chairs. Now she was in pain. Aurelia wanted to call out and ask her servants for help but it was like part of her was still asleep so she couldn’t move or speak. She felt like crying but couldn’t do that either. There was no bright future to look forward to. And the worst part…Where is Sebastian?

Layaz Warrior
This whole thing was ridiculous. He wanted to be with the princess. The medic, Ceris Tam, said she was going to be all right. But Sebastian had seen that she had been injured so terribly badly. And Sebastian wanted to be there when she woke up.
It was a meeting of the war council. The Layaz Warrior was frustrated. Why did he have to be here? Politics was meaningless to him. His job was finished. He just wanted to see his princess back to health and then he would leave this World and return to Quisquiliae and hopefully to peace. At least, Princess Aurelia was well guarded in the hospital. No harm would come to her while he was away.
Finally, Commander Tar stood. 
“I call this meeting to order.” He sat down.
Detrick, Forbes, Serge, Ella, some others he didn’t recognize, and even young Adair was there. Thirty people in all sat around the circular table in the Grand Estate. Sebastian guessed the meeting would be about ‘the resistance’, as they called themselves: people who had been enamored with the Dragon and who were having a difficult time adjusting to the reality that Paiden was gone and their World would have a royal once more.
Commander Tar began, “I’m sure you have all heard about the rebels, the minor insurgents in the country and in the city. They refuse to acknowledge Aurelia as the true regent of our World. The purpose of today’s meeting is to come up with a solution to this problem. Our world needs stability now. We need this conflict to end.”
“What about a different system of government? Or a different monarch?” suggested Adair.
Detrick looked at the boy sternly. “Our people have been through a lot. They see Princess Aurelia as a hero. I do not believe the majority of our people would accept anyone else in her place.”
“Unless it were...” said Captain Forbes, “well…Sebastian.”
“Exactly,” said Tar. “I believe that both sides could accept him as King. He has saved our people. I feel both sides could be drawn together under his leadership.”
“What about Aurelia?!” objected Detrick.
“These are new times, Uncle. She would adapt.”
Everyone looked at the Layaz Warrior. He couldn’t believe what they were suggesting! He wondered if this had something to do with that abhorrent footage of the dragon ripping Paiden to pieces in the Grand Hall. It had been played more times than he could count on both the regular vid feed and the undervid.
“No. I refuse. I will not take Aurelia’s place as regent of our World.”
“You have to think of the greater good,” said Commander Tar. “But, for now, we will send a delegation to the resistance leaders to find out what they want.” 
The council was dismissed. The Layaz Warrior hurried across the capital city to be with his princess. 
Sebastian tried to think about other things besides the meeting. He couldn’t believe the council had tried to betray her like that. It made him burn with anger. Deliberately, he turned his mind away from those thoughts. He would be with her soon. And nothing would take him from her side.

Aurelia
She woke up again and, this time, her head felt clearer. The pain was much less. Aurelia could see that it was day; light streamed in from a high window, making sunbeams that shone down on the white sheet covering her. The princess looked at her arms. The burns were healing. Ceris Tam must be working his magic on her. Aurelia surveyed the small, austere room. To her surprise, she saw her Layaz Warrior asleep in a chair beside her bed.
She stared at him for a few moments. As if he could feel her gaze, he began to wake. His blue eyes flicked open.
“Your Highness!” He sat up straighter. “I’m so glad you’re awake. We were getting so worried for you!”
“I was just tired.” Her voice came out scratchy from not being used for so long. “I’m thirsty.” 
Sebastian stood and went out. A moment later, he returned with a glass of water. Aurelia sipped it gratefully. 
“How long have I been unconscious?”
“Five days.”
She almost dropped her glass in surprise. Five days! That was a long time. Too long.
“What’s happening?” she asked, trying to get her vocal cords working again. “Have we brought peace to the people?”
“Almost, Princess Aurelia. There is a small faction that continues to cause disturbances. They are discontent.”
“What has been done about this?”
“Commander Tar sent a delegation to negotiate with them. But the resistance leaders sent back a message that they would only agree to terms for peace if they could speak to you in person.”
Aurelia tried to push herself up in bed but a wave of pain swept over her, causing black to creep in at the edges of her vision as she almost fainted.
“Careful, Highness. You are not yet healed.”
“But I must go to them. Our people need peace, Sebastian.”
“They will just have to wait.”
Aurelia heard a noise at the door and looked up to see her servants there. She was filled with joy to see that they were alive and well.
“Marcy! Nanny!” 
Her hospital room was small. Sebastian moved to make room for them at her bedside. “I’ll come back later to check on you.” He slipped out of the room as Marcy and Nanny came to stand beside her bed.
Nanny’s eyes filled with tears. “We were so worried about you! You’ve got bandages all over. I don’t even know where to pat you.”
“I’m okay, Nanny. Don’t worry.”
Marcy sat down and slid her chair close to Aurelia’s bed. “I’m so glad you’re home, Princess! I know everything is going to be okay, now.”
There was something different about Marcy. She looked happy, almost glowing, and maybe older, somehow.
“What has happened?” asked Aurelia. 
“I was going to wait for you to feel better before telling you but…” Marcy held her left hand up. A diamond ring sparkled on her ring finger. “I’m engaged! He’s a technology worker.”
Aurelia reached out and took Marcy’s hand as joy welled up inside her. At least someone would be getting a happy ending. “I’m so happy for you, Mar.”
***
Princess Aurelia walked up the rocky path to the dilapidated, little house. The scars from her burns were almost invisible now. The medics had done a very good job. She pulled her sweater more tightly around herself against the winter chill. How could this be the headquarters of the opposition to the crown? Surrounded by her warrior caste guards and shadowed by her Layaz Warrior, she didn’t have any concern about her safety. She stepped up to the door and knocked loudly. She could hear the sound of a squalling baby inside. The door opened and she saw a tired-looking young woman with long, untidy, dark hair. As their eyes met, the woman’s expression turned to one of hardened anger. 
“You ain’t never going to be my queen,” she said, putting her hands on her hips. 
“I’ve come to discuss terms with the resistance fighters,” said Aurelia coolly. 
“Well, come in then, with your warriors and your weapons. But it doesn’t matter. We’re not going to be bullied by your kind anymore.”
Ignoring the woman’s tone and the hostility in her words, Aurelia followed her inside. The dwelling was dimly lit, and the princess saw that there were many families living in the small house. But no foul smell rose to meet her. It seemed rather tidy, considering how many people were huddled inside. The woman led her to a narrow, raised mattress, covered with only a thin blanket; it was separated from the rest of the house by a sheet hanging down from the ceiling.
“This is my room,” the woman announced. “Do you think I like living here?”
Aurelia surveyed the tiny area.
“No?”
“Wrong. I like it very much. I grew up sleeping on a mud floor, without so much as a cot. We lived in our own filth, with no running water and no latrine. Paiden gave me this. Paiden gave my people hope.”
Aurelia let her eyes drift around the room. The other mothers that she saw were watching her and a few of them nodded their heads. 
“We will no longer serve the ruling caste,” the woman vowed. “That’s why we have stored up guns and piles of other weapons. Paiden said there is no longer any castes. He said we would no longer be called the Dirt Caste. Paiden said we can get jobs, that we can engage in trade and other economic activities with the other castes. Paiden said our children would be able to go to school.”
“But Paiden sacrificed some of your children to the Dragon!” Aurelia protested.
“What good is it to have children, only to watch them starve?” the woman retorted. “My own baby was selected as a sacrifice. But she was starving to death anyway. I was sad, at first, of course, but then I got stronger. And it was easier to find enough food without her.”
Horrified, Aurelia again scanned the room. Some of the women were nodding strongly while others only looked sad, clutching their little ones in tight embraces. The princess was ashamed. Paiden, in all his lunacy and occultism, had given these people a better world than her father had.
“Where are all your men?” Aurelia asked.
The woman’s eyes flicked briefly upwards. “They’re nearby. They’re ready to fight, if we have to.”

Layaz Warrior
He had heard them. About 20 or more, heavy individuals in the attic. There was high tension in the place. The Layaz Warrior was sure that it was only his presence that kept the men from attacking. He had seen, from the way the women in the room were looking at him, that they feared him. And something more. They respected him. Sebastian had seen the ridiculous undervid feeds, proclaiming him the ‘true Dragon’ that had rescued the people from the ‘false Dragon’. Even those who had been devoted to the Great Black Dragon were now looking to him as their hero.
“They won’t have to fight,” Aurelia assured her. “We have come to ask you what it would take for the resistance movement to lay down their arms and live in peace. Paiden is gone. Why can’t we have peace now?” 
“Because of you and your caste system! We are always pushed to the bottom, never able to make a decent living, considered no better than dirt.” She looked at the Dragon Warrior. “Just ask him! He was a slave, too. Just ask the Dragon what it was like growing up oppressed and living in the dirt.”
Thanks to someone streaming to the undervid, the treatment of the Layaz Warriors had been exposed. Images of small children with his eyes being beaten had been flashed on vidscreens all over the World. Sebastian wondered who had really been behind the leaking of that footage. Was it an attempt by the Warrior and/or Technology Castes to try to sway the rebels’ mindset? And, if so, just what was it they were trying to achieve? Detrick certainly was the meddling sort. But, Sebastian admitted, if Detrick had not interfered, the princess would have died on the garbage ship. Still, the images had made him so angry and so sad. Yet he knew the footage was authentic. He looked back at his princess. 
“I want things to change, too,” Aurelia murmured. “I don’t want children to grow up suffering and afraid.”
“You are your father’s daughter. I don’t believe you. We don’t trust you. There will be no peace until those wrongs have been settled.”
“What would it take to make peace?” asked Aurelia. “List your conditions.”
“Very well,” said the woman. “Send the Dragon back tomorrow and we will give him a list.”

Aurelia
Celebration in her kingdom would not wait on the terms of the rebels. A team of investigators, including Captain Forbes, had been sent to assess the warriors left orbiting Rigal. Aurelia wanted someone there she knew she could trust. The team had determined that most of the warriors had only been obeying orders and would not pose a threat to her as regent of their World. Seven of the men were found to be a safety concern so they were left on the disabled ship, orbiting the planet. Commander Trask was among them. Captain Forbes, the assessment team, and the rest of her warriors were on their way home.
The Princess looked at herself in the mirror again. Marcy and Nanny had helped her get ready. Her blond hair hung in perfect ringlets against her vibrant, red, floor-length gown. She had selected red for victory through blood and fire. Aurelia studied the effect. Yes, she thought her people would see her as a strong leader. 
Today would be a day for celebrating. The rebels would make their demands today but the ceremony would go on, even so. Planned for that very afternoon was a grand ceremony to honor Detrick and Adair of the Technology Caste. Their bravery and ingenuity had saved her life and helped to save their planet. Her ballroom would be filled with several thousand leaders and important people from all the castes. The rest of the planet would watch through the vid feeds in their homes. Everyone wanted a reason to celebrate.
Some of her advisors had pushed for her coronation first. But Detrick and Commander Tar had both advised that she should wait until the issues with the resistance were solved before taking that step. And the princess agreed. Taking the throne as Queen could provoke the rebel factions to further, disruptive action. She had thought of honoring Sebastian in the same ceremony as Adair and Detrick but, somehow, she felt she should wait for that event as well. Aurelia wanted it to be very special so she had decided to wait until peace had finally settled on their world before honoring her Layaz Warrior.
 It was almost time. Princess Aurelia walked out onto the dais in the grand ballroom. She looked at the crowd that had gathered there. As she watched, a hush overtook the people, and the guests shuffled to their seats. She knew they would be loyal to her if she were just and kind. Regally, she walked to the throne and sat down. The princess scanned the faces in the crowd. She saw Nanny and Marcy off to one side. They were smiling. She smiled back at them. Then she looked for her Layaz Warrior. He wasn’t there. Aurelia realized, with some disappointment, that Sebastian had not yet returned from meeting with the resistance leaders. It was no matter, she told herself. He would come.
Stately music began. Old Detrick walked slowly up the aisle from the back of the ballroom towards her throne. Then Adair also came, walking in a dignified manner, several paces behind his uncle. 
As they reached the throne, Aurelia stood as they had practiced. They stopped on the step below her. As the grand music played on, an assistant came from the wings and held out a golden box. The princess lifted the lid. In the small chest were two Medals of Honor. Princess Aurelia lifted one medallion from the box. She fitted the long, red velvet ribbon over the head of Detrick. Then she took the other Medal of Honor and slowly put the ribbon over the head of young Adair. He was grinning at her widely and then he made a silly face. It was all she could do to keep her composure. She was glad the cameras were directed at her and not at the boy. The music came to an elegant finale. 
“Today, we honor Detrick and Adair, from the Technology Caste, as heroes of our World!”
Aurelia went on to animatedly explain all that Adair and Detrick had done, from their sabotage of the waste disposal ship to the trap at the Alpha Outpost.
“Their bravery, initiative, and resourcefulness saved my life and helped rescue our world from the clutches of evil. We celebrate you, Detrick and Adair!” She ended her speech with a shout as she lifted her hands in applause to the men. The crowd followed her lead and cheered for Detrick and Adair. Then the men slowly walked back down the aisle, smiling and waving to the people while the guests continued to cheer.

Layaz Warrior
Sebastian walked to the main hall in the vast palace. The princess would be there, as there was some ceremony going on. Why did he have to be the one to deliver the terms to her? It made it seem like he was on their side.
The ballroom was crowded with guests in every color and style imaginable. He felt out of place in his simple, royal blue uniform. But he was glad she had chosen to hold the ceremony in the ballroom here in the palace, rather than in the great hall at the Grand Estate. The memories from that place were still too fresh. Sebastian tried not to think of Paiden. That threat had been neutralized. It had been necessary.
He scanned for Aurelia. When he entered the main hall, she wasn’t seated on the throne atop the dais. Instead, she was standing near a table, off to one side, talking with Detrick. Sebastian made his way through the crowd. She saw the Layaz Warrior approaching.
“Did you get the list? What do they want?”
Princes Aurelia was a vision of loveliness. Even after seeing her so many times, he had never seen her look so stunningly appealing. He looked away from her bright red dress and into her blue eyes, in which he read concern.
“There is a seal on the letter,” he explained. “The woman told me that I was to let you read the conditions for peace.”
He had reached her now and stood before her. Aurelia took the letter from him and broke the seal. He watched her face as her beautiful, blue eyes scanned the contents of the document. When she got to the end, she smiled. Aurelia looked up at him and laughed out loud. It was such a loud, confidant and pleasant sound that he felt a smile forming on his own lips. Then she grinned with relief and laughed again. Some of the guests looked their way, obviously wondering what was going on.
“What?” asked Sebastian. 
“Look.” She handed the paper to him. 

Terms for Peace
 The caste system is abolished.
All children are permitted to attend school.
The Dragon Warrior is made King through marriage to Princess Aurelia, today. 

As he held the paper, shock flowed into his mind. After all that had happened…could it really be?
He looked up into her face, helplessly, unable to think of anything to say. Princess Aurelia took the paper from his hand and set it down on the table. Then she took the signet ring from her thumb and slipped it onto the ring finger of his left hand.
“I presume you’re not going to reject me again?” she asked him.
“I accept. I am honored.” 
The ache was back in his chest, but it was a new ache. Every twist of fate brought them back together. It was like they were meant to be. Aurelia still held his hand. His gaze traveled from her hand, up the creamy white skin of her arm, bare to the elbow. Then Sebastian focused on her beautiful face. She would be his!
“I love you, Aurelia…I hope this is an outcome you see as acceptable?”
“I wouldn’t want it any other way, Sebastian. I love you.” She smiled at him again, reassuringly, still holding his hand. 
She loved him! The princess truly loved him! To be with her, for the rest of his life, as her husband, was the best peace of all.

Aurelia
The princess picked the paper up from the table and tugged him towards the dais, calling to Detrick over her shoulder, “Get a marriage commissioner immediately.”
“May I have your attention,” she called into the crowd from her podium. She signaled to the cameramen to make sure they were filming and broadcasting the vid feed. She saw them flip the cameras back on. 
“We have negotiated peace for our world,” she announced. “The resistance has agreed to lay down their arms.”
The crowd spontaneously broke into applause and cheers. Aurelia smiled as she waited for the people to become quiet. 
“There will be some changes,” said the princess. “But they are good changes - things that will benefit our entire World.” She paused as she gave them time to absorb her words. “The caste system is hereby abolished. Any person from our World may freely pursue any occupation. The caste designation will no longer be used.” There were several gasps from the crowd and then a smattering of strong applause until the whole group joined in the clapping. When there was silence again, Aurelia continued. “All children will go to school,” she said simply. There was no hesitation this time. The guests clapped enthusiastically. She hoped the rest of her world was responding so favorably. 
“And, lastly, I will marry the Dragon Warrior. He will become the king of our World.”
At this, there was silence. She saw the stunned look of disbelief on the faces of those nearest her. Surely they would realize that it was the only way to pacify the rebels. This was the test. If they would not accept him, some might fight her for the throne. 
She heard frantic clapping off to one side of the crowd. Aurelia looked in that direction and saw that it was Adair. On and on he clapped, all by himself. That boy just won’t give up! Then, slowly, others joined in and a polite applause swept the room. Well, that would have to do because she really was going to marry the Layaz Warrior!
Detrick signaled from the wings. The marriage commissioner had arrived. She motioned him up onto the dais. 
“Thank you, my friends,” she said. “This is a happy day for me. Peace will finally settle on our World.”
The marriage commissioner told them how to stand. Aurelia and Sebastian faced each other, holding hands, their side profile to the crowd on one side and to the commissioner on the other. She looked up at her warrior, Sebastian would finally be hers and then no one could take him from her. Aurelia was smiling so much her face hurt. She never thought she could feel so happy.
Finally, the commissioner announced them paired for life. In front of all who were gathered there, and all who watched via the vid feed, the princess pulled her Dragon Warrior into an embrace. She placed her arms around his neck and touched her lips to his. They kissed and Aurelia felt his arms encircle her passionately. 
Then he shifted his mouth away, still holding her close. He spoke softly, his hot breath stirring her hair and tickling her neck, “Let’s make a baby.”

If you liked THE DRAGON WARRIOR & THE PRINCESS please write a short review. Thanks for reading! 


About Author Celesta Thiessen

I live in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada with my husband and two young daughters. We’re homeschoolers and entrepreneurs. My husband and I make iOS apps and I write stories. Being a writer is magical - spinning nothing into stories - stories that can light the way to a different world.

Join my readers club to get free books and other special offers!

Also by Celesta Thiessen


Gifted – FREE!
Two of a Kind – FREE!
Whispers of a Faded Dreamer – FREE!
Apocalyptic and Dystopian Tales – FREE!

