Starbreakers 2: 
The Chartreuse Protocol


Mazhnaw paced the narrow corridor before the brig, hand braced over her pep. Several days had passed since discovering that a caxossan fugitive had stowed on their ship and she was no closer to understanding why, or where he had come from. Mazhnaw didn’t like unknowns. The feeling prickled beneath her skin, keeping her awake long into the night with visions of engulfing shadows that swallowed up the world, only to reveal themselves as the forewarning of the caxos’ deadly warships hunting them down, come to claim back their brethren lost. It would be better to eliminate the threat before he could alert them to his location. The sooner the better.
Yiko had revoked her access to the brig. Hissing at the impudence of it all, Mazhnaw continued to stomp the few steps from one side to the other like a lab rat stuffed into a cage, the floor creaking beneath her boots. If only she had got the job done before Yiko had caught her then she wouldn’t be here now, with the agitation levelling her composure to rubble. Her lids were heavy, eyes stinging with the lack of sleep, but she refused to yield to it. How was Mazhnaw supposed to sleep when she knew there was such dangerous cargo painting targets on each of their backs? She had never encountered the caxos before, but given everything she had heard of them, she was not keen to make introductions.
“You’re going to wear a hole in the floor.”
Her head snapped up, taking in Yiko in one of the polymer suits that had been stored within the unit in which the caxos had stowed, her feathered mane shimmering with hints of blue and indigo through dark feathers, eyes cased in the yellow visor. Behind her Julien watched with his mud-coloured eyes, also tucked behind the reflective panes of his glasses. The eyes were supposed to be the door to the soul, and it was so very telling that neither of them were willing to look at her with naked eyes. Mazhnaw stared back at the pair of them, irritation snapping through her at the way they appeared to have teamed up against her.
“At ease,” Yiko said, still flashing her teeth. Did kiriki smile like humans to express joy? Mazhnaw didn’t think so but Yiko never seemed to stop smiling. “We’re going to try speaking to the captive again today. Would you care to join?”
Mazhnaw narrowed her eyes.
“No tricks. Though I would like you to put your pep away. Don’t want any trigger fingers getting twitchy, hm?”
Mazhnaw kept the gun dangling from her hand.
“She’ll shoot him the moment she gets in there,” said Julien.
“You should let this one take care of it before the problem escalates. If not we will find trouble. He is one of them. They do not let their own kind go.”
“I believe shooting before asking questions constitutes as murder,” Yiko said pleasantly, as if discussing the weather. “And if I let you shoot first then none of us will get any answers.”
“She’s right,” said Julien, jaw clenching. “We need to know why. We need to know if Lindholm screwed us over.”
Mazhnaw sneered. “More fool you when they string us up and take us back to Ah Traga to flay us piece by piece until we are nothing but bones. Do not think you will not beg for death when you face the torture they have made into an art form.”
A shadow passed over Yiko’s face as she brushed by Mazhnaw, out of the light. “You should not believe every story you hear, you know.” Over her shoulder. “Not all of them are true.”
“This one does not care to sit around and idly confirm.”
In the end Yiko took the pep from her before she allowed Mazhnaw to follow them past the security door, down the corridor to the cell where they were keeping the caxos. The front section of the cell was constructed entirely of a reinforced glass, supposedly able to withstand even the strongest pep blast according to Zhon, and it allowed them to peer at the caxos perched on a cot bed too short to accommodate the ropey limbs which jutted from his hunched form. Folded over, his long, knobbly fingers ridged with webbing caged a charcoal grey face. Grey-blue eyes peeked out from between his self-imposed bars, shoulders tensing as soon as he realised he was being watched.
“Hello, there,” said Yiko, dragging a chair around with a series of disparate scraping sounds across the thatched floor. Dropping into it backwards and leaning over the back, she peered at him without a hint of shame; a child experiencing their first time at the zoo. But, no, there was something else in her golden eyes. An interest sparking in them, the kind which usually proceeded the knife of experimentation.
“Now that you have had a few days to reflect, let me introduce myself under more civil circumstances, hm? I am Yiko Ty-kiro. You can think of me as the captain around here.”
Mazhnaw huffed, earning herself a flicker of those steely eyes.
“These are my – let’s call them my companions. Mazhnaw, the anorizkan.” Mazhnaw only stared until he looked away. “And this is Julien, the human.”
Julien waggled his fingers, his smile grim.
“I don’t believe I have been given your name yet.”
The caxos blinked back at her, head risen from his hands and frond-like gills on either side of his face flickering through the air. Mazhnaw couldn’t deny the fascinated edge to her repulsion; after so many horror stories about the ruthless Caxossan Empire, far beyond the reaches of the UF’s influence in the Kokoss System, it was difficult not to examine the pinnacle of the galaxy’s power. She found this strange creature of spindly limbs and delicate gills wanting. Washing down the wave of disgust roiling like nausea in her gut, she forced away the instinct to dig deeper. To try and find the answer to a question that did not matter. The caxos were just another race. They fought, they bled, and they died like any other.
After an extended silence, Yiko nodded as if she had been expecting such. “I am sure you have had significant training in how to handle such circumstances, have you not?”
The caxos did not so much as blink.
“Therefore I do not think there will be any use in attempts at threats, and besides, I do not think those will help us to foster a good relationship.” Mazhnaw stifled a snort. “Which I am sure you will come to realise in time will be beneficial for the both of us.”
The caxos just stared at them, the only sign he was alive the faint pulse in his neck, the sway of his gills.
“You see, you are very, very far from home. I am sure you know this, or you would not have felt the need to hide on our ship. I imagine it’s not so easy trying to walk around a UF city like Krizsalizs without catching a few eyes, hm?”
Still nothing.
“This would not take so long if this one was returned her pep.”
Yiko held up a hand and Mazhnaw bristled, bearing her teeth. It would be so easy, to bite down. To feel the soft give of flesh beneath her as she ripped her throat open. As the blood gushed hot and sticky, a dam broken loose. 
She glanced up to find Yiko watching her with that sickle of a smile, as if she could read everything across her face. Scowling, Mazhnaw turned away, and Yiko tapped a black nail against the back of her chair, a loping drum beat that lulled her in until she found her heartbeat ensnared by the rhythm. It caught the caxos too, his gills flickering and head cocking ever so slightly.
“Do not worry,” said Yiko, as reassuring as an alligator flashing its teeth, “no one is going to harm you on this ship. That is not our intention here. However, until we can trust that you do not intend to harm us we cannot let you leave the brig, so it would be in your best interest to talk.”
Mazhnaw couldn’t believe how soft Yiko was being, trying to appeal to the caxos with emotion, as if he was capable of understanding such a thing. Everyone knew that the caxos only knew communication through combat; that surrender only came from defeat in battle and nothing less. That without the threat to his life, the caxos would not talk. That they did not need him to talk anyway, for he could have any number of ways to reach out to his brethren and bring them down upon their door. Get rid of him now. That was clearly the best approach.
“I am sure you would not be keen for us to drop you off at the nearest UF port,” Yiko continued. The caxos’ nostrils flared the slightest fraction. “Nor do I think you wish your people to be alerted to the fact that you are here, do you?”
After another bout of silence in which Mazhnaw was about to rise to her feet, a voice rasped out, “You said you would not harm me.”
“I did, didn’t I?” she replied, leaning on her hand. “But it is my duty as captain to protect my crew. If I cannot ascertain your identity and your intentions then I will be left with no choice but to hand you over. As I said, it is in your best interest to talk. I am not interested in judgement, so long as I know that you will bring us to no harm.”
His gaze flickered to Mazhnaw and back. “I do not know that your crew shares your opinions.”
“Mazhnaw will not touch you. So long as you cooperate.”
“Will she not?” Mazhnaw muttered. 
A hand squeezed her shoulder and she flinched, only just managing to stay her hand from attacking. Behind her Julien raised his palms in apology. “It is worth hearing what he has to say,” he murmured, the translator taking a moment to pick up the soft words. 
“This one does not trust a caxos.”
“You do not trust human worm, either.”
She glanced up to find his mouth pulling at the corners, gaze still fixed on the caxos whom had begun to speak once again.
“– know I can trust you. You are all strangers to me.”
“And yet we all share a ship, so that gives us something in common. There you go, we’re becoming fast friends already.”
The caxos stared back at her, brow furrowing as if he could not quite understand her. For the fraction of one moment, Mazhnaw sympathised with him. The kiriki was an odd one, and she was not yet sure she could trust her either, but for the time being they were at least bound by the circumstances of their contract. The caxos had no such reason to ally with them. No such reason not turn against them in order to return to his home. This game of pretend was turning her stomach, her nails digging into the meat of her thighs as she leant forwards in her seat. Even in the cage of his cell the caxos looked tall and powerful, a member of the race which had conquered a significant corner of the galaxy.
“You do not need to answer me now,” said Yiko. “I dare say we have another week before we hit port and I am happy to give you time to think on it before we arrive. But make no mistake, if you do not assure me that you are no danger to this crew, then I will bring you to the authorities.”
Mazhnaw frowned. Surely Yiko would be going nowhere near the UF authorities, given that they all had prices on their heads. Was it a bluff? To what end? The UF would trip over themselves to hand a lost caxos back to their people to prevent their trade routes being cut off and sanctions imposed upon their goods. The last thing any of the major nations wanted was to exacerbate already fraught tensions.
“You do not trust me, and I do not trust you.”
“It would seem that we are at an impasse.”
The caxos’ gaze flickered again, skimming past Julien to land on Mazhnaw as if he could sense the malice radiating from her. It was not personal. Mazhnaw did not care that he was a caxos truly, so much as she cared about the consequences of caging him on her ship’s brig. If it came down to her life versus his, then it was only natural she would prioritise her own. 
“Perhaps you would feel more comfortable talking to me alone, hm? Would you be persuaded to be more open then? I understand it can be intimidating to be outnumbered in this way.”
Julien made a noise of protest before Mazhnaw could, his arms unfolding from his chest to gesture sharply. “We need to know as much as you.”
Yiko nodded, rising to her feet. “We will discuss this separately. I will leave you to think on it. Should you change your mind just speak. Zhon will let us know that you are ready for a conversation.”
With that she sauntered off, Julien charging after her, voices ringing out down the corridor. Mazhnaw waited until the voices faded before she stood, steady steps taking her up to the wall of glass. Reflected was a smudge of herself in line with his own figure on the cot, her dark eyes merging with the steely grey of his until she blinked it away. Without her pep she would have a messier time killing him, and without authorisation to the cell a more difficult time breaking in, but she did not doubt her ability to do what was required.
The caxos stared back at her, back straight and gaze level. Idly she wondered what he thought of her. If he had encountered an anorizkan before. The ones not bred for war tended to be sheltered, unfamiliar with the world at large. There was a chance this one had never seen so many different species in one space before, stunned by a world where races intermingled without thought when all he would know would be the familiar faces of these tall, proud creatures. It was Mazhnaw’s own first encounter, and as much as she told herself to silence it, she could not fully separate herself from her fascination.
For an indeterminable time they remained this way, simply staring at once another through the glass, before a crackling noise in her ear was followed by a familiar tinny voice: “The captain is asking for you.”
From the caxos’ lack of reaction he had not heard Zhon. Reluctantly, she ripped her gaze away and turned. “This one did not agree to call the kiriki captain.”
“Hm. Yes. That is a valid point but my systems have been coded to accept Yiko as the one with ultimate authority, ergo it is the simplest vernacular to refer to her this way. Would you prefer ship’s authority? Or perhaps the –”
“No. This one will go.”
“Excellent. I will inform the captain that you are on your way.”
With one last look for the captive, Mazhnaw retreated. She still did not agree with this plan to wait him out but she would at least hear Yiko explain herself before she acted. For all that she did not trust those gleaming gold eyes in the slightest, she did not take the kiriki for a fool. 
“What do you think you’re thinking?” she snapped as soon as she entered the command room, awash in the lights of the various holoscreens and detailed displays of the dashboard. Beyond the windshield the sky rolled out in a carpet of velveteen black, notched with thousands upon thousands of stars. 
Yiko’s smirk was infuriating. “I think I’m thinking about how to make the best use of this little gift of ours.”
“Gift?” Mazhnaw batted at the translator in her ear. “This thing must be faulty. How is a caxos in the brig a gift?”
“Ah,” said Yiko, leaning back against the dashboard. “But he’s not just any caxos, is he?”
She looked at the kiriki expectantly. Julien was suspiciously quiet in the corner, picking at his fingernails.
“He’s a runaway.” Yiko watched her reaction. “Can’t you tell? He stiffened as soon as I mentioned handing him over. There’s no way he won’t talk if he thinks we’ll dump him as soon as we hit port.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Why else would he be hiding out on a random merchant ship? He stashed himself on a Nautilus with a private dock because he didn’t want to be discovered. The last thing he wants is to draw the attention of the Daikhin. He’s already speaking to us, which tells us he’s desperate.”
At Julien’s questioning look, Yiko said, “They’re all trained to withstand torture. The one in the brig is little more than a youth by the looks of him, probably only just reached maturity if I had to guess, but he’ll be tougher than he looks. It’s not about breaking him down, it’s just about finding the right incentive to moisten the lips.”
“This is a stupid risk,” said Mazhnaw. “Why go off on some hunch when we could just –”
“Believe it or not, I am not keen to fall back on murder before I have tried anything else.” The reproach in her tone ignited Mazhnaw’s temper, fingers curling as she flashed her teeth. Yiko did not react. “It sets a dangerous precedent, don’t you think? The more peaceably we handle things, the smoother this journey will be for all of us.”
“What good is peaceably when we’re all dead?”
Yiko laughed. “It won’t happen. He’s not going to contact his people.”
Mazhnaw turned to Julien who straightened under her gaze. 
“Looks like you get to decide then, Julien,” said Yiko.
Julien’s mouth dropped open, glancing left, right, left. Mazhnaw felt like swatting him. “I, uh. Me, make decision?”
“Would you like to kill the defenceless caxos in the brig?”
“Not personally, no.”
“This one will be the one to do it,” said Mazhnaw.
Silence fell, the three of them exchanging glances. Julien’s dark brows were furrowed together, fingers picking at the hem of his sleeve as he seemed to think. Surely he would see reason here. The human was every bit as wary as she was, and besides, it wasn’t like his species were known for their discretion. He had to understand the threat of keeping the caxos alive, particularly if they were aiming for –
“Pardon me, Captain,” intoned the overhead voice. Lights flashed on the screen, the spiking points of a yellow flame. “It would seem that there is something appearing on my radar.”
Yiko tilted her head. “What is it, Zhon? What can you sense?”
“We will need to get closer for me to be sure but it appears to be a vessel of some kind. I have checked the logs of every nearby port but it does not match the projected flight plans of any within a considerable radius.”
Mazhnaw whipped her head around, scanning the largest screen where the blip on the radar appeared at the very corner. “That will be be them now, come to get this caxos. As soon as they discover that we have him we will be doomed.”
Yiko approached the screen, hands sliding over the controls until she was looking at a fuzzy outline of a ship, details difficult to discern from such a distance. After a moment, she shook her head. “No, this is no caxossan ship.”
“How can you be sure?”
“They do not move slow,” said Julien. His frown had grown even deeper, brows attempting to leapfrog his eyes. “No, this ship drifts.”
“Yes, I think so,” agreed Yiko. “Zhon?”
“Just a moment, Captain.” A humming noise vibrated through the walls and floor, rumbling gently beneath Mazhnaw’s feet. “Hm. Mm. Yes, it is indeed drifting. It’s very strange, but it appears to be a UF research vessel.”
“From where?”
“I’m attempting to pull log details now. There appears to be some kind of lockdown procedure initiated.”
“All ships are required by law to provide ID and mission summary.”
Julien snorted. “Yes. Because everyone cares about law in space.”
Yiko grinned. “Well, I didn’t say that everyone obeyed, did I?”
“I can see that they were sent from Yughwain on the planet Joghwa Oda’ain. They were researching the ruins of the dwarf planet Issnirtik 9. Captained by Jurgen Fritz of the UFRD Flagstone. Everything else is classified but it appears to have been applied by the ship’s security mechanism.”
“Hm.”
Mazhnaw eyed Yiko who was tapping black nails against her thigh, eyes scanning the air back and forth as she browsed something in her mind. All of this about protocol and law was beyond Mazhnaw’s understanding and interest; a fact she was beginning to lament now that she was left puzzling over the conversation, a knot building in her gut. 
“Has there been any response?” Yiko said after a moment. “From either crew or AI?”
“UF ship with AI like Zhon?” Julien huffed. “I’ve sooner seen giraffe pirouette.”
“No contact,” said Zhon. “I am attempting various channels but there is no way to reach whomever is on board.”
“How long until we reach them?” said Yiko.
“ETA of thirty minutes, Captain.”
She nodded. “All right. Prepare for boarding. Anyone feel like going on a trip?”
Julien’s eyes bugged. “You want to go on the ship where we cannot make contact? When we are on the wanted list for every UF city from Krizsalizs to Koruni?”
“I know. Doesn’t it intrigue you?”
Mazhnaw rubbed at her forehead. “We are going to die before we even find one relic. This one should have taken the money and run. Now this one remains on a death can with two imbeciles and a robot who would sooner walk into death than eliminate a prisoner.”
“Aw, come on now,” said Yiko, patting her on the shoulder. “You’re going to hurt my feelings.”
Mazhnaw shrugged out of her hold and glared.
“So that’s a no on the assist, then?”

*

By the time Yiko had suited herself up for the shuttle expedition to the research vessel, Flagstone was visible through the front window, floating across the marbled blue backdrop of the planet Issnirtik 9 which had been the basis for its mission. It was a Chariot Mira 0045, a mid-sized model that was on the verge of going obsolete but showed signs of renovation in places where the new plating gleamed. Nothing out of the ordinary as far as Yiko could tell, aside from the unnatural way it coasted through the inky expanse of space.
Despite her assertions to Mazhnaw, she couldn’t deny the way her instincts were singing the siren’s warning, cautioning her that there could be more to this than a simple research mission gone wrong. Such things were not unheard of, and Yiko had long learned to pay heed to instincts that had been battered and hewn into the perfect weapon; she could not deny that the timing of everything was strange.
“You do not have to come,” she said. Mazhnaw’s face was cut into severe lines by shadow. “If I die you can take over as captain and kill our boy in the brig.”
Mazhnaw wrinkled her nose but said nothing, poking at the spacesuit which had been stored away in the room where the caxos had been found hiding. The material rustled and sighed as she shifted, ensuring that she had a pep strapped to each hip, and the wink of metal told Yiko that she was packing at least one blade. At least she would be prepared for the worst.
“Captain, the shuttle is prepared for you now. I have programmed a path which will take you to the door of the ship but you may need to find a way to break in if I cannot bring down the security protocol.”
“That will not be problem.” The doors slid open to reveal Julien suited up, a helmet tucked under one arm and what appeared to be some kind of industrial laser in the other held aloft like he was a knight of human legend. “I get us in door.”
Yiko arched a brow. “And here I thought you would not be joining us on this trip.”
Julien’s eyes gleamed as he pushed his glasses back up the hook of his nose. “Zhon tells me they have newest ARS 37-TD laser on board. I must have look. Just think what we could do with one of those! Puts this thing to shame.”
“And if the captain of Flagstone objects to you stealing his equipment?”
“He is likely dead. Probably ventilation problem.”
“Hm.”
“Captain, I must stress that the shuttle is meant for a maximum of two human-sized species, or one wroxhan. Three will not fit under regulation number 542 of the –”
“I think we’ll be fine, Zhon. Thank you.”
“Not following the proper procedure can lead to greater risks, particularly if issues arise during the –”
“If I have laser and Yiko pilots shuttle, what does frog do?”
In a flash a knife wedged itself in the back wall with a thwack! Julien blinked, fingers slapping over his cheek. Behind his glasses his eyes were nearly as round as Mazhnaw’s, mouth open in horror. “You… you…”
And then he was running off, boots thumping as he disappeared through the doors. Yiko looked to Mazhnaw, mystified. “Nice shot,” she said, thumb over her shoulder aimed at the knife. “Might be worth not destroying the one ship we have, though.”
Mazhnaw grunted and then turned away, following Julien out.
“Well, then,” she said, glancing around the dashboard displays before landing on Flagstone through the windshield. “Guess that’s our cue to go.”
The shuttle, a small Victos Clam-T60 pod, was indeed as cramped as Zhon had warned. Yiko pushed herself into the centre between the two seats, Mazhnaw on her left and Julien on her right, running through the possibilities as the door to the airlock sealed in preparation for launching them into space. The screen in front monitored the air levels, controlled by the AI like a heartbeat by the bulb.
“Zhon, have you had any success with the security lock?”
“Negative, Captain. This looks like it will require a physical break in.”
Yiko stole a glance at Julien who’s eyes gleamed within the bubble of his helmet. “That shouldn’t be problem.”
“Initiating launch of the shuttle.”
Yiko had to hand it to Lindholm: the shuttle launched cleanly through the doors and made a neat arc towards the floating vessel, haloed by the bright blue sphere of the planet beyond. Conversation was culled by the sombre quiet which always crept up in moments like these, when it became clear just how small they each were in the vast expanse of space. How easy it would be to get knocked off their trajectory, to hurtle on through the cold, empty dark with nothing but the pressing weight of their doom. Her stomach swooped with the thrill of it all.
A sudden jolting motion threw her back into Mazhnaw and Julien, quickly followed by a crunch of hull against hull as the shuttle latched itself onto Flagstone, anchors embedding in the gleaming white belly of the ship. It hauled them up a few feet until they were upon the door, everything eerily silent. From the outside there was no indication that anything was wrong other than the fact that the ship was drifting without direction. It only heightened the tension, each of them exchanging terse glances as they considered what they might be walking into.
“Pirates?” murmured Julien as he clambered into the hatch after her.
Yiko popped the roof of the shuttle and climbed over the edge to leap towards the ship. A thick cable leashed her to the inside of the shuttle so that she would not go drifting off into infinity, clipped to the belt of her suit that so she could free herself once they were inside. “No sign of struggle,” she said, hearing her own voice relayed across the comms, translated. “Usually there would be an indication of a fight.”
“Hm. Monster through vents?”
Yiko laughed, waving him over. “Let us in and we’ll find out.”
Julien tumbled through the air, limbs flailing like an upturned beetle. Grabbing hold of his safety rope, Yiko hauled him in towards her until his boots were planted on the surface of the ship, his eyes wide as he stared around himself through the double layer of his helmet and spectacles. The wan light of her helmet’s torch rippled across his cheek, revealing a garish neon plaster following the curve of the bone, decorated with tiny flying saucers. 
“First moonwalk?”
He mumbled beneath his breath. Yiko didn’t need the translator to recognise swears when she heard them. “I do not get much opportunity for space walk.”
“Congratulations. Now, hop to it. We still have a caxos in our brig.”
But the words had little effect on Julien, whose dark eyes were almost fully black ringed with only the thinnest circle of brown, head making short, sharp jerks all around him as if to verify that, yes, he was indeed out in the vast alien realm that was outer space. 
“Focus,” came Mazhnaw, bounding from the shuttle and landing comfortably in a way that suggested she, too, was at least somewhat accustomed to the strange weightlessness of such an environment. “No time for gawking.”
“No fun,” Julien said, fingers nimble even through the thick material of his gloves as he screwed together the pieces of the laser. “No fun at all. Now, avert your eyes. I open door.”
A blinding spark of light cut across Yiko’s vision, colours spotting her eyes. She kept her gaze away. The muffled whine of metal being ripped apart echoed inside her helmet, punctuated by the breathy noises and curses from Julien. “Yes, yes, that’s right.” The translator was good at conveying accent and tone as well as words, the voice leaping like a Mlutaakyl through water, complete with the flying spittle and guttural catches in the human’s throat. “Come on, baby. Why you fight me on this? I be good to you.”
Yiko stifled a laugh, shoulders quaking. Julien’s apparent lack of shame helped to relieve some of the lingering tension. She rolled out her neck, stretching as she waited for him to finish. It was always better to be cautious when facing the unknown, but that didn’t mean she wanted to lock up tight.
“Argh! Nearly there. Just this one stupid piece of –”
“Move.” Mazhnaw nudged him aside and then took a mighty swing with her fist, claws covered by thick polymer glove still crashing right through the weakened metal. With a groan the hinge gave, the door clattering away to leave a gaping black hole. Mazhnaw grimaced, wiping away the smears of grey on her suit as Julien put away the laser with a pout.
“I would have got it.”
She eyed him.
“Yes, I’m sure you would have,” Yiko agreed, clapping his shoulder and then pushing him out of the way. “Right, brace yourselves. We don’t know what we’re going to find on the other side. Julien, I’m going to need you to break us through the security system if Zhon doesn’t have any success.”
“Like, this –” he waggled his fingers over imaginary screens “– or this? –” he mimed bashing something with a blunt object.
“I’ll leave it up to you. Zhon, are you reading me from here?”
A beat. “Yes, Captain.” The voice crackled but came through clear enough.
“As soon as Julien gets us through security be ready to figure out what these guys were actually looking for.” 
“On it.”
With a gesture to the other two, Yiko gazed down at the yawning black mouth beyond the ragged teeth of the door and then jumped.

*

“What can you see?”
“Hm, not a lot, honestly. There are no signs of disturbance so far.”
Julien hmph-ed. “Maybe it is just ventilation problem, then.”
“I don’t know.” Yiko’s voice came hollow through the helmet, the faintest crackle atop her accent. “Something isn’t right.”
They had bludgeoned their way past the airlock which meant they had to keep their suits on for safety and the heat was building up beneath the thick material. It weighed Julien down, boots clunky and cumbersome as they echoed out in the gloomy, narrow corridors of the vessel. The signs of hasty repair were everywhere: segments of replaced panels that gleamed against the faded black of their companions, an awkward tape job to one of the pipes, and the gurgle and crank of machinery indicating an unhealthy gut in a lumbering old ship which had seen better days. So it generally was with any of these UF vessels not designed for warfare; always one bad day from the scrap heap.
“The control room on this model should be right ahead of you, Captain. If you can break through that door you will be able to shut down the security lock.”
“Where’s my laser man at?”
Julien grumbled, speeding up to catch Yiko. The gravity simulator hit him harder after the weightlessness of space, his legs feeling unexpectedly heavy and sluggish. He wanted to enjoy the moment of experiencing his first space walk but there wasn’t the time, wresting his wonder back into him the way Yiko had hauled on his safety belt. Right now they had to focus on whatever was going on with this ship; afterwards he could think about the fact that he was out, free.
“I have secured the airlock,” came Mazhnaw’s voice behind them. 
“Keep your helmets on,” replied Yiko. Julien turned the corner and saw her crouched there, by the security pad. “We need to ensure the air ratios are safe.”
“My helmet is not coming off,” said Julien, holding aloft his laser torch.
“Hold on a moment. I think I might have this.”
“You know how to hack into security systems now?”
A green light flashed and the door rumbled as it peeled back and folded itself into the wall. Yiko turned to flash him a grin, making a strange gesture with her two thumbs pressed together. “I’ve seen a few of these systems before. It’s different when you can actually get in and take a look.” 
Julien sighed. “Okay, okay. Let us see what is going on.”
“Zhon, are you able to go through the files now? Can you find anything?”
Julien entered a control room laid out in a circular span much like Dignity, only this one had fewer display screens and far more gauges and levers, the design of the various drivers old-fashioned and nearing obsolescence. “Always skimping,” he muttered to himself, latching onto the display showing that the air levels were in the red and would be dangerous to any living being to breathe. His shoulders sloughed off some tension he hadn’t realised he was holding. Likely a malfunction, then. Perhaps it had caught the crew unawares, on a skeleton night shift.
“Captain.” Zhon’s sudden speech made him jerk, glancing back to see Yiko flicking through holographs projected from the tablet desk in the centre of the room. “It appears that they were investigating the remains of an old civilisation which had once occupied the planet visible beyond the ship.”
“Issnirtik 9.”
“Yes. It was a small team of mostly hydrins with a human captain, sent to excavate the ruins which had been found during an emergency landing by a supply ship on a run between Khakuun and the Adder UA-706 substation. It seems that someone at the University of Koruni caught wind of this and launched a research project, backed by some pretty high up figures in the UF’s Ægis Council.”
“Well, that’s nothing new,” mused Yiko, narrowing her eyes at something. A human face appeared in a flash of light, faintly translucent and flickering because the UF were cheapskates. “It’s not unknown for these professors to flex their connections for that extra push. But I don’t necessarily think this is all academic.”
“What makes you say that?” said Julien.
“Hm. Captain Jurgen Fritz is a military man. Nicely decorated.” She whistled. “Pryuûs Medal of Bravery. Not one of those customary ones that they sometimes hand out, either. He’s a hardened war vet.”
Julien waved her away. “Probably just looking for a cushy number to see him out until retirement.”
She shook her head, a glint of feather pressing against glass. “Not a man like that. He’s the kind who’s forced out of post or he dies in service.”
“Hm.”
“There are several logs, captain. The lead archaeologist was Tzin Ullzinda’al, who made constant notes on their progress. It seems that they were able to retrieve quite a number of pieces from the original settlers of Issnirtik 9. Tzin’s notes suggest that they were very encouraged by their findings.”
“Tzin wasn’t the only one who was keeping track of progress.” Yiko flicked and another shot of Jurgen’s face appeared, his facial hair growing slightly thicker around his chin. “It looks like the captain was making logs here. Is that normal for a seemingly ordinary expedition like this one?”
“It’s very common,” said Zhon. “A standard on UF ships to track occasions such as these so that they will know what happened should anything go awry. Most operations are expected to compile reports, particularly if they’re required to meet funder’s targets.”
Julien scoffed. “Bureaucracy upon bureaucracy. It’s a wonder they get anything done with all this tape.”
“Zhon, please keep sifting through Tzin’s research. Let’s see what Captain Jurgen has to say for himself.”
It felt strange to take a seat in the control room of a foreign ship they were investigating when there was no sign of the crew but Julien was feeling the weight of his own form, the shifts in gravity pulling on his joints. With a sigh he flopped down as an accented voice filled the room, speaking in bablen. Finally, a language he could understand without the added filter of translation. 
“Day seven of the mission. Tzin is confident that we have found the right spot as the team were able to pull up some evidence of life. They’re in the process of tracing just how old some of the remains actually are as this will confirm whether they truly are oorodossi or not, but –”
“Oorodossi,” said Julien. “Did he say oorodossi?”
Yiko held out a hand to quiet him.
“– no signs of habitation, only remains. There is little to sustain life on the planet and it is far too cold.” He looked down, light washing over his chin as he read out a series of figures that made Julien shiver just thinking about how quickly he would freeze over solid in that kind of cold. “Tzin theorises that Issnirtik 9 is in some kind of ice age, but I have been told by Jrulli that Tzin is an archaeologist and should not be trusted on matters of geology or glaciology.”
“Okay, skip this. This is boring.”
Yiko huffed a laugh. “What happened to due diligence?”
Julien rolled his eyes and made a circular motion with his hand.
Skipping on, Jurgen continued to make notes about the progress of the dig, the level of supplies and the morale of the team, including his own observations about the personalities of the various researchers and the clashes they experienced when confined to the tight quarters of their ship. He was gruff but thorough, relaying off various figures likely given to him by either the ship’s internal monitoring system or from one of the scientists under his employ.
As the days rolled own his appearance only seemed to grow more grim, darkening beard cutting severe lines across his jaw and swallowing down the top of his throat. “I am breaking up fights more days than I am not. This is why I do not like missions with non-military personnel. They do not understand the resilience required for space and grow weary from long hours spent in the harsh atmosphere of Issnirtik 9. Tzin is frustrated because they have been unable to receive confirmation that the artefacts uncovered are indeed of the oorodos, and as you well know, we do not get to leave this miserable deathball until we do.”
“Heh,” said Julien. “There’s man who cannot handle a little cold.”
Yiko cut him a glance. “And here I thought you humans weren’t equipped for anything but balmy days.”
“Not me. In Lutenyar we endure tundra with bears. Bit of ice and snow is no problem for me!”
“Mm. Should we send you down to test it out?” She gestured to the window, where the glacial eye of Issnirtik 9 stared back at him unblinking, just daring him to land and experience what true cold felt like. Resisting a shiver, he simply lifted his chin, uncowed. “No time to dally, Captain. Let us keep going.”
Yiko’s laughter rumbled in his ear. “Say, Mazhnaw, how are you getting on?”
After a moment of silence it became clear that she either had not heard, or was electing not to respond. They shared a glance, Julien swallowing. “Mazhnaw? You find something?”
“Captain, I have found something of interest. It seems that the crew was struck down by some kind of fever –”
“Yes, Zhon, thank you. Can you access Mazhnaw’s comm right now?”
“Ah, ye-es,” said Zhon. “Mazhnaw is approaching the forecastle on the other side of the ship. I will attempt to contact her and advise her to check in with you.”
Suddenly the screen flickered, Jurgen’s face freezing in an awkward expression for a second before he leapt into motion. “… things starting to go awry. I keep telling Tzin to put their superstitions away when it is just a fever but they are concerned about what has been unearthed. It is something unknown to them and they are studying it intently. Too intently. It’s like they’re becoming obsessed. I don’t think Tzin has slept for three days – by both hydrin and human measure.”
“She will not respond to me, Captain.”
Yiko nodded to Julien. “Keep looking through the logs and see what you can dig up. You too, Zhon. Let me know about this fever.”
“Wait, wait,” said Julien. “Where are you going?”
“I better make sure that Mazhnaw hasn’t got herself eaten by space monsters, hadn’t I?”
“What about me,” he said to her retreating back. “Am I to get eaten instead?”
“Humans don’t taste as good, I’ve been told!”
“Captain. This fever isn’t anything I can locate in any of the public health bases. It appears to be something that was brought about by whatever was discovered on Issnirtik 9.”
“Okay, what do we know? Was it enough to kill? Did it affect all species equally?”
Julien tried to keep one ear on their conversation as he flicked through more of Jurgen’s vlogs, noticing his increasingly haggard appearance beside the rolling dates. It was strange. He’d known ships to go missing sometimes, only to turn up years later with no real sign of what had happened to the crew, but those were rare and, he had assumed, the results of cover ups where a military operation had gone astray, or where there had been an attack that had been suppressed in the interest of keeping peace. This did not appear to fit into either category, and, in fact, was coincidentally very close to the very thing they were investigating.
Julien did not like coincidences.
“… so there’s not reports of anyone dying from this fever?”
“None reported.”
“Julien, anything about them on the logs?”
Jerking into alertness, he clicked onto the next one listed and watched Jurgen scrub a hand across his face. “I’m still listening. Give me minute!”
Jurgen’s voice was quiet, raspy, and the line of his shoulders set more severely  than before. “Most of the crew are out of commission now. There’s no explanation for K’dzin’s breakdown. Nothing in their record suggests any previous inclination towards mental instability, or they would never have been referred for this mission, but there’s no other way to define it. I’ve heard before of a kind of space sickness – a kind of madness that overcomes some civilians who have not been trained for the true onslaught of space. For those who have never experienced it – never seen the dark, cold, empty void from which only a thin wall separates them – it can be overwhelming. Some have been known to snap.” A long sigh deflated his ballooned shoulders. With a hand to his nose he pinched his expression. “I don’t know anymore.”
Julien skipped onto the next. “Zhon, was there an attack on Flagstone or something?”
“Hm, the reports become sparser as time goes on, which is unusual for a captain as attentive as Jurgen Fritz. It appears that one of the hydrin scientists tried to harm their colleagues, which resulted in them getting thrown in the ship’s brig.”
“Find something in the logs?”
“Maybe, maybe.” 
Jurgen’s eyes were bloodshot in the next log. The image flickered in and out, the humming of the machinery in the control room turning to a smoker’s wheeze. “I’m on my own now. They’ve all gone mad, even Anka who’s the only other human officer serving on this ship. I have secured myself in the control room and instituted a red alert security protocol with full lockdown of systems. I can’t trust anyone.” His head darted all around. A rustling noise startled him and then suddenly the camera slipped, his face blurring as it fell to stare at a dark patch of wall. Jurgen yelled out, a glimpse of his feet flashed across the screen and then gone.
“Shit!” said Julien as the feed cut. He swiped but there were no more logs.
“What happened?”
“Yiko, something is seriously wrong here. Captain Fritz said that crew all went mad. It sounds like they were trying to kill each other.”
“Ah. Ah.” She hissed in his ear, followed by a thumping noise.
“Yiko?”
No response.
“Yiko?”
Fear struck him like a lightning bolt, scrambling towards the door and banging on it when it didn’t open fast enough. The metal clanged, and he growled, yelling, “Stupid door! Stupid door! Zhon, what is happening?”
“The captain has stepped out of range of the nearest camera. I cannot tell what is happening if she does not respond to me.”
Releasing a string of curses, he glanced back at the holograph still flickering, depicting the blank wall of the control room from the past. Removing the pep from his waistband, he trudged out into the hallway. “Right, Zhon, guide me now. Where did they go? Which way?”
“Keeping following ahead of you, then turn right.”
If there was one thing Julien hated about these ships, it was that they always skimped on the spaces between rooms. The walls felt like they were pressing in on him from either side, the gun braced out in front as he took measured steps towards the fork ahead. Chest tight, he forced himself to release some of the tension he had been holding, tucking his head around the corner to see another dark, grimy corridor, the dark tangle of pipes like clogged veins pumping into the heart. Every so often they clanged and gurgled, a sign of the ageing beast that was the ship. 
“Keep talking to me. What did you tell Yiko? Does she know about crew going mad? Do you have sight of her now?”
“I can hear something but still have no confirmed sight. I told the captain that the geologist K’dzin was put into the brig for attacking the lead archaeologist, Tzin.”
Julien skidded with a squeal of shoes. “Where is brig?”
“Not far. Continue down that corridor and then make a turn right. The stairs look easy to miss but you will see them –”
“I see them!” he called, grabbing the railing to halt him before momentum could send him tumbling all the way down. Beyond the first two steps lay absolute darkness. Steeling himself, Julien vanquished images from the deepest recesses of his mind; the places where fear took grip and twisted his imagination into something grotesque and warped. “No space monsters,” he chanted, taking the first step, then another. The lack of tentacles dragging him down emboldened him. “See, Julien? No space monsters.”
“Are you worried about space monsters?”
“Argh! Shh, Zhon,” he grumbled. “Keep listening. Tell me what’s happening.”
“I’m scanning the logs that you watched now,” Zhon replied. The AI really was impressive; there was a hum of interest from them. Almost as if Zhon was a living, breathing person. “The fever mentioned by Captain Fritz appears to have heralded the beginning of the madness that he thought of as space sickness. K’dzin was the first to succumb. They attacked one of the other members of the crew – the human officer Anka – after which Captain Fritz had them separated and put into the brig.”
Julien’s footsteps echoed out in the darkness. Only thin lights on the ceiling cast any light in this section, throwing out long shadows which blended into the gloom. The only sound was the hum of the engine, or perhaps it was the lights, but there was no sign of Yiko or Mazhnaw which only lifted his anxiety another notch. His fingers were twitchy on the trigger of his pep, muscles locking up as he shuffled to the corner and then glanced around it.
Cursing the darkness for obscuring his vision, he made his way around and spotted a door ahead that had been left ajar, a slice of light cutting across the floor. It immediately drew the eye, and it was then that he spotted the smear across the floor. Anxiety coiling inside him, Julien sidled over, keeping his eyes trained all around him. Whether it was the tension, or whether it was simply being closer to the engine room, the heat was growing overwhelming. Down in the bowels of the ship there was barely a lick of air.
“Zhon,” he murmured, licking his lips, “what colour is hydrin blood?”
“Hm. According to the Hydrin Public Health Database it should be a very dark shade of cerise, not too dissimilar to humans.”
Crouching down, he swiped a finger through it to find the smear cold but still sticky, congealing in clumps on the floor. “And for kiriki?” 
He had already witnessed the inky blue spill of Mazhnaw’s anorizkan blood.
“A very dark green which appears black unless viewed under the light.”
The sound of him swallowing seemed to fill the confined space of the hallway, Julien’s other hand planting on the ground to stop himself from crashing off his haunches. Streaked on his finger was a dark smudge, glimmering faintly like crushed beetle wings. He sniffed but couldn’t detect anything off it, grimacing at the thought that someone, or something, was down here with them.
“Tell me what you can see. Hear. Tell me. Where is Yiko?”
Friends they might not have been, but whether he liked it or not they were linked by their mission, and by the fact that his chances of survival were better with her alive than not.
“She is –”
A harsh cry was followed by a thunderous clang that reverberated out in waves. Julien jerked, his pep nearly firing with fright. Only by the thinnest margin did he restrain himself, standing right on the threshold of the brig. Another bang, then a grunt. A guttural roar that sounded more animal than person. Julien held his pep aloft, braced for the moment that the enemy appeared. He was prepared for a rabid hydrin, or some hideous beast borne from the pressures of space which had sneaked its way onto the ship when it had been docked during the excavation, not for the blur of a different form.
Too keyed up to stop himself from firing, Julien had to throw himself to the side as Mazhnaw hurtled into view. Mercifully the shot hot the wall and exploded outwards, energy singeing the air. Julien screamed, rolling out of the way as Mazhnaw ripped past him, the kelp-like tendrils of her hair fanning out behind her. 
“Mazhnaw!” he shouted. “What is –”
Then he saw it: the long, loping form of the hydrin with their slitted eyes in a long, reptilian face, limbs swinging as they gave chase with a cry that sent a shudder through him. Scrambling to his feet, Julien ran after Mazhnaw, footsteps pounding against a floor that felt all too fragile as it broadcast every thump. His pep was still lying on the floor and now he was all too aware of how defenceless he was, fleeing on ungainly limbs. Unlike her he could not leap to race along the walls, nor did he have vicious curving talons to shred his enemies into pieces.
“Help me! Oh, stars above, please help me! I am too young to die in some hellhole out in the middle of space.”
The thump-thump-thump of the hydrin behind him only ratcheted his racing pulse, all too aware of them gaining on him. So much for a scientist; in the brief flash he had caught of them before he had fled the hydrin had seemed half out of their mind. Feral. The exhausted but on edge expression of Jurgen Fritz came to him then, the panicked seconds before the camera fell away. He pushed more speed into his legs, leaping through the next doorway to find Mazhnaw shoving him into the wall. 
“Help with the door!”
Wheezing to drag air back into his lungs, he nudged his way beside her as she pushed the great steel door over just as the hydrin hit it with a terrifying boom. Grunting, he threw more of his weight against the door, wincing as huge scute-covered fists slammed against it in a merciless drumbeat. All the time the hydrin roared and hissed, screaming out a guttural shriek that did not belong to a sentient creature. Mazhnaw kept pushing, the muscles in her arms straining, breaths puffing out as she squeezed out the last few inches separating them from the hydrin.
The door clanged shut and Mazhnaw swung the lock. Julien slumped against the wall with a sigh, forehead resting on cool metal. “Let us never do that again.”
Mazhnaw made a non-committal noise, staring at the door as if she could see through it. From a quick glance he could read the tension emanating from the uneven lines of her posture, a distance in her eyes he wasn’t sure how to reach. 
“What the hell happened?” he blurted before his brain could catch up to the killing intent his senses picked up from her aura. “Why did you just run off and stop answering comms?”
After another long moment of the hydrin’s muffled roars and banging, she pushed off the wall. “This one found signs of struggle, so she followed them.”
Julien blinked. “Struggle?”
“Marks of a fight. A broken pipe. Scratches. Blood.”
“What kind of blood?”
“Hydrin. Human.” Mazhnaw shrugged but it was too stiff to be casual. Her gaze was still fixed ahead of her, never once meeting his eye. “This one found a hydrin in the brig.”
“So you let it out?”
Before she could answer the comm crackled to life. “You two ought to come and look at this. I found something pretty interesting.”
Julien jerked. “Yiko, you’re okay? You’re not in brig?”
“No.” A beat. “Should I be? It sounds like you two might be having even more fun than I am.”
Mazhnaw’s nostrils flared. 
“Where are you? What did you find?”
“It appears that the captain is in the research laboratory.”
Zhon led Julien and Mazhnaw back up the stairs and to the laboratory, a room nestled at the heart of the ship and washed in stark white lights. A faint clinical scent permeated the air, reminiscent of an industrial cleaner, and everything was so bright that it was difficult to pick out the clean lines of the desks loaded with an assortment of equipment whose purpose Julien could only vaguely guess. Better care was taken here than anywhere else in the ship, all scrubbed and gleaming, the machine used for carbon dating far newer than its surrounding vessel.
A stirring noise put him on edge until he spotted Yiko with goggles pushing back the feathers of her mane. She grinned in greeting, apparently unperturbed by the fact that they had just been chased by a rabid hydrin whom still remained on board with them. It was then that his eyes fell upon the rusty smear across the far wall, stark against the perfect white. His stomach flipped. If there was one colour he recognised, it was that of human blood, red-brown and crusted over.
“What did you find?” said Mazhnaw.
“Hello, Mazhnaw,” said Yiko, too cheerfully, “glad to see you’re still in one piece. I was getting concerned when you didn’t answer your comm.”
She fixed Yiko with a dark look. “This one encountered… trouble.”
“So I heard. K’dzin, by the sounds of it.”
“The hydrin which the captain stuck in the brig after trying to kill the crew,” supplied Zhon.
“Who’s still down there, I might add,” said Julien.
Yiko tapped her chin. “Mm. That could be an issue.”
“What did you call us here for?”
“Right. I was looking through the research. There are some interesting pieces.” All of a sudden she scooped something from the table and tossed it. With a yelp Julien  snagged it and then juggled it as it dropped from hand to hand before he got a proper grip on it. Rough between his fingertips, he held it up to the light to inspect the crumbling stone of a statue, or perhaps an idol. The worn lines appeared to depict a face, deep eyes and snarling jaws pulled wide. He couldn’t tell what, exactly, the creature was supposed to be.
“It’s a… dog?”
Mazhnaw tilted her head. “Dog?” The comm must have fed back to her a description of a dog because her translucent brows furrowed even deeper. “This one does not think so.”
“Probably not,” agreed Yiko. “But that’s not the interesting thing.” With a tap of the desk a holographic projection filled the space between them, far clearer here in the white room than it had been in the command room. Dimming the lights, she flicked a couple of times until stopping on a familiar object; a piece of opaline material, faintly translucent and beset with veins of stark colour, almost like Mazhnaw herself. 
Julien stared at it. “That’s just like the –”
“Relic, right.”
Mazhnaw just stared, mouth parted.
“Where is it?” he said. “Did they pull it from Issnirtik 9 with rest of the materials?”
Yiko nodded. “Naturally it’s the piece that generated the most interest amongst the research team. They were subjecting it to some pretty rigorous testing.” Various notes flickered into appearance, projected from the surface inset into the table. “It withstood fire, chemicals, lasers, even pepfire. From what they could tell the thing is nigh on indestructible and appears to emit some kind of frequency that could only be picked up by a machine used to detect and amplify very distant radio signals.”
His brows rose. “How old is it, anyway? It is oorodossi?”
“Records state that it must be somewhere between two thousand and five thousand years old which would certainly put it in the vicinity of the oorodos era.”
Julien turned back to Yiko who was juggling a fragment of some old earthen pot, gaze contemplative. “Do you think that this might have been more than coincidence?”
“Normally I’d be laughing at that nasty dose of paranoia you have going there but, honestly? I’m not so sure.”
“Zhon,” he said, landing on a camera that felt as close as he could come to looking the AI in the eye, “did you divert course because of this?”
There was a delay. “The ship’s navigation system has been tied to the tracking system designed by Mr Lindholm to detect the kind of activity that does match with the item the captain just displayed to you now. It may be that this route was simply the quickest way to the signals already being broadcast across the galaxy, or it may be that the course was altered in response to the energy emitted once the relic had been unearthed.”
“You don’t know?”
“I merely guide you on the route which has already been programmed in.” A humming noise. “It does appear that the algorithm is complex enough to take into account shifts in energy and replot the course. It’s in Mr Lindholm’s notes that he was concerned about relics being moved, or new ones emerging. I do believe that it is a distinct possibility that the course was altered.”
“Why thank you, Zhon. That was clear as mud.”
“You are welcome, Mr Solokov, and I do thank you for your helping to improve my linguistic systems with your human sarcasm.”
Yiko erupted into laughter, nearly dropping the piece of pot before snatching it out of the air. “Zhon, one. Julien, zero.”
“Yes, yes. Laugh away! Let us make fun of stupid human, hm?”
“Ah.” Julien braced himself for more mocking being thrown his way, when there came another note from the ship’s AI, tenser this time. “That is not so good.”
“Don’t leave it at that! What is it?”
“It appears that someone else has entered the ship.”
“It appears that – it appears that –” Julien repeated, flapping his hand to mimic Zhon’s speech. It was then that the words hit him and he froze, doused by an ice cold wave of terror. “What do you mean someone else has entered ship? Who? Where the hell are they? Why didn’t you say anything sooner?”
“I need cameras to see. There are no cameras in space, Mr Solokov.”
“What happened to the ship’s radar?”
“It appears that –” an awkward pause “– I mean, it did not register on the radar. Whoever they are, they were able to mask their presence.”
Yiko strode forward. “It must be a Vigor class, which means it’s only large enough to carry one person.”
“Are you trying to say that someone was able to move through open space in a shuttle?”
“There are all kinds of stations around here. Spearhead IO-898, Krait TE-700. Not to mention that we’re in the vicinity of a planet where they could have been hiding.”
“That’s still insane.”
“It’s doable.” Yiko looked to the platform. “Zhon, can you project an image over to the ship now that the security lock is down? We need to know what we’re dealing with.”
The previous image faded, silence between them only disturbed by the whirr of machinery and lab equipment. After a few moments the lights from the desk began to rearrange, a fuzzy image of a small, shuttle-sized ship latching onto the side of Flagstone. Julien blinked, so struck dumb with disbelief that for a moment he forgot his fear. With the vehemence of a jealous lover it grasped him back into its clutches, warnings screaming in his mind that made him want to run straight back to Dignity and seal the airlock tight. 
“Shit, shit. What’s happening? Shit we need to –”
“Clean up,” said Yiko, golden eyes flicking past him to tilt her head at a frozen Mazhnaw. “If whichever UF backer who funded this mission found out that it capsized then they’ll try and tank the ship.”
“That means we’re part of the mess.”
She nodded sharply. “Indeed.”
“And your plan is?”
Yiko merely glanced up. “Zhon, we need you to be eyes and ears. Where is this assassin? Are they coming for us?”
“There may be a slight issue. This person is managing to evade cameras. I cannot even detect any noise.”
“What is this, a ghost?” he said, flapping his hand. “No creature is invisible and undetectable.”
“Hm.” Yiko nudged Mazhnaw, who jerked wildly. “You sure you’re okay?”
She grunted.
“And I get grief for human sarcasm.”
“It might be best that we get off this ship as soon as possible.”
Julien stilled, noting the shift in Yiko’s posture from relaxed to alert. “I’m not going to disagree but what about the, you know?” He gestured around him.
Yiko tapped the box which contained the relic. “We take this and run. Zhon, are you able to retain the mission files?”
“Affirmative, captain.”
She nodded. “We should go, then. There’s nothing else we need to learn about this place.”
“We’re just going to take thing that made everybody crazy? You don’t see how that might be problem?”
Tucking the box into her bag and slinging it over her back, Yiko flashed him a grin. “Worry not, I’ll keep it with me. Besides, I’m not in the habit of prodding at presents. This is what we’re looking for.”
“Fine.”
Julien was as keen to be free of this ship as Yiko apparently seemed to be, so he followed after her without further argument. Mazhnaw trailed them, as quiet and pale as a ghost. Her eyes were tucked into the corner, looking at something they could not see. Some distant memory, perhaps. As well travelled as she was, it wasn’t unlikely that she had encountered something similar before, and for that he could not grumble too much about how unhelpful she had become. At least they were on their way out, and apparently a relic up.
“Ah, Captain –”
A distant clang, echoing in waves. Screeching, Julien skidded right into Yiko’s back, earning himself the tickle of feathers to the face. One landed in his mouth and he spat it out, pawing at his tongue to free it of the oily sensation, sure that fluffy pieces were still clinging to his gums. 
“Zhon?” said Yiko, no longer smiling.
“The hydrin that escaped the brig… Kd’zin is dead.”
A bolt of fear lanced him. Swallowing down a sense of dread, he eked out, “How? How did they get past?”
“Let me see.”
“Projecting the image to you now, Captain.”
Julien hadn’t agreed to share his glasses like Yiko had her visor so he couldn’t see the image that made her pause in her slow creep down the corridor from the laboratory. Ever the traitor his mind conjured vivid images spliced from previous fights and deaths he had witnessed in his life, real and televised. In the short time he had known the kiriki he had come to sense that death was not something which fazed her, so her hesitation could only indicate something unusual, or something very, very bad.
“Store that too, Zhon. We’re getting out of here.”
And from Yiko’s mouth it sounded convincing. Enough so that for the next few minutes he kept the lid tamped down on the bubble of his panic, eyes peeled on every corner and creeping shadow as he attempted to chart out the map of the ship. He was just beginning to think that they would be able to flee while the assassin was occupied when a thunderous boom rocked him off his feet, a pulse of energy unlike anything he had ever felt ripping down the corridor with a blast of heat. Staggering, Julien only just managed to throw himself to the ground with a clack of his skull against the floor as another fired.
Yiko shot at the white figure which zipped back around the corridor, hunkered down and pep braced on her opposite hand. “He’s blocking the exit!” she called. “We need to get past him but we’re too exposed like this.”
“Is there another way out of ship?” said Julien. “If we try going around long way?”
“In theory,” said Zhon, “but there may be another issue.”
He groaned. “Of course there is.”
“Let us hear it, then,” said Yiko.
“I have picked up activity in the engine room. After a thorough scan of systems, it appears that the engine itself has been tampered with. It has been rigged to heat until it catches fire, making it look like an accidental explosion.”
“Oh, fuck.”
Yiko mirrored his grim expression. 
“She’s been rigged to blow.”

*

“This one will do it.”
The shots had stopped, the dark figure of the cleaner hidden somewhere between the cameras where even Zhon could not sense them. Two pairs of eyes turned to Mazhnaw, surprise spoken with silence. She stared back, challenging protest when she knew there would be none. They were still strangers, tied by nothing but Lindholm’s contract and his promise of reward. They owed one another nothing.
“Mazhnaw, ship will blow.” Julien’s fingers flicked outwards as he mimicked an explosion.
“This one will kill this assassin,” she said, “and then this one will return to the ship. You may leave if you desire.”
Yiko’s gaze scanned her as if it could penetrate her skull to see the hidden truth within. It almost brought a smile to her mouth; the kiriki was good at reading even the slightest of gestures, but she wasn’t that good. Not that it really mattered. Whatever interpretation she settled on, it would not change the instinct to survive. Scraping to her feet, Yiko nodded once before flipping her pep and offering it to Mazhnaw. This small gesture did surprise her, for there was little Yiko could gain from passing over her weapon.
“What?” she said, grinning. “I’m a little curious, perhaps.”
Julien looked between them warily. “You’re just going to let her go?”
“Aw, Juli, do you hate being alone with me that much?”
“Don’t call me that!” the human squawked. 
“Jule? Lien? Li?”
“Stop nicknaming me!”
Golden eyes met hers. “I don’t suppose you’ll explain why?”
Mazhnaw merely stared back.
Shrugging, Yiko merely gestured for her to go on. “May the wind be with you.”
Julien still looked dubious. “Break leg, I suppose.”
The sound of their arguments filtered down the corridor as Mazhnaw tucked the pep into the empty holster on her right and then leapt at the wall, the pads of her fingers sticking with natural suction that allowed her to clamber all the way up to the ceiling where the assortment of beams and pipes made it difficult for her to find a clean grip. Once she grew accustomed to the surface she was able to scramble quickly, eyes swivelling to look for signs of the one who had invaded the ship. 
Perhaps she should have been offended that neither Yiko nor Julien had offered to accompany her. That they had left without much protest, well on their way out of the ship by Zhon’s guidance rumbling in her ear. In truth she was relieved that she hadn’t been subjected to empty platitudes about the notion of a team which did not exist. Her abilities might be useful enough to keep her around but she would never let herself be swayed by sentiment.
A shot clanged off the pipe next to her head, gas spraying outwards. Mazhnaw hissed at the heat, leaping to the wall and running along the surface. The interlocking plates were hatched enough to aid her brief grip but she was given no reprieve to observe her assailant, forced to jump between different heights to avoid the barrage of gunfire aimed her way. The metal groaned as it gave, the bullets which didn’t land in the wall ricocheting with deafening bangs. The assassin was using a gun instead of the standard pep, likely to minimise any potential blowback on themselves from the force of the exploding plasma in such a confined space.
At least she was driving them back. Mazhnaw dove from one wall to the other, spotting the white clad figure dashing away as she twisted mid air. Few species could keep up with her when she was moving this way, and certainly not bipedal creatures running on two legs. The remarkable thing about this assassin was not their speed but their silence; not a noise came from their footsteps despite what must have been panic at being pursued, so much so that she had trouble tracking them when she came to a fork in the corridor. Whoever they were, they were no amateur.
She had her suspicions but no way of confirming without catching them. 
“Zhon, which way –”
“Towards the brig.”
The assassin moved deeper into the bowels. In her ear Yiko and Julien continued to argue, this time about the caxos holed up in their own ship’s brig, an unpleasant surprise with which she still wasn’t sure what to do. Muddied thoughts distracted her, nearly missing the stairs which descended downwards. Although she could see well in the dark she slowed at the chokehold, a warning in the back of her mind reminding her that it made no sense for the assassin to return to the scene of their crime, particularly if the ship had been rigged to blow. 
The moment for panic came and went, swept into the dusty recesses of her mind and the door slammed shut. Now was for the hunter to take the lead, dropping comfortably to the ground and retrieving Yiko’s pep before she began the slow descent downwards. There was no sign of the assassin but she had to at least trust that Zhon was at a better vantage point than she was to know where he had gone.
“This may be a trap,” Zhon chirped, slipping between conversations. “I would heed caution as I cannot currently sense the interloper.”
“Yes, this one understands,” she replied. Emotions were something foreign to her, present but distorted through a lens of frosted glass so that she could not recognise one from the other. The twist in her gut could have been unease, or anticipation, or the sleeping behemoth of memory threatening to break the surface. 
Mazhnaw knew this. She knew this situation, embedded into her very bones. She understood the worn tread of familiarity, that something about this situation called to the murk of her past buried deep in the silt and sand. It sang to her, and yet it remained the clarity of a far off star, twinkling bright and sure but unfathomably distant.
“Where is the body of the hydrin now?”
“Hm. It is by the next door. Turn right and keep going.”
If the body was a trap, Mazhnaw could not tell exactly for whom. Even if the assassin knew somehow, it was unlikely they understood everything in its entirety. It was unlikely they were prepared for Mazhnaw, an anorizkan further from home than she had any right to be, remade and rebranded a killer. An old ache echoed. Reflexively her hand went to the thick knobbly ropes of scar around the claws embedded into her knuckles. An anorizkan’s quick reflexes had never been about hunting instinct, but even she could recognise why one might have an interest in adapting the prototype of what could become the ultimate predator.
A faint huff of breath. Mazhnaw froze, tilting her head. If she closed her eyes she could focus her hearing further, casting out a wide net to pick up the reverberations of even the faintest tickle against rope. Silence, but for the natural hum of a ship. It was eerie.
“Tell me about K’dzin,” she said softly as she passed through the doorway into the beginnings of the laboratory. As Zhon had said the hydrin lay sprawled across the floor, a cerise pool of blood seeping outwards. Brown eyes stared out, glazed, toughened skin gleaming in the light. Her senses were still alert as she crouched by the corpse’s side to take in the details; the thin scar cutting across one brow, the long, clawed fingers used to working machinery and lab equipment now stained with the remnants of blood, the rusty brown scutum bejewelling their cheeks running into the milky off-white of their throat. Here the edge of a dark shape caught her eye, not unlike the creeping corner of a tattoo.
“K’dzin was a forerunner in the geothermy of glacial environments, I do believe,” said Zhon. “They have published a whole array of research based on planets in this corner of the galaxy. Some fascinating stuff, if you’re interested in that sort of thing.”
Peeling back the neck of K’dzin’s suit, Mazhnaw’s responding grunt slid into a bum note of disbelief. Claws sliced through the material to further expose the marks running down the hydrin’s neck and weaving together at their chest to create a kind of knotted symbol. The lines shimmered faintly, dark veins beneath a hardened surface which did not normally reveal such. The unease rippled within her, tightening into something sharper. More acrid. 
“That is an interesting tattoo. I do not recall having seen such a thing in any database. I will search for a clue –”
“No need. Leave it.”
“Ah?”
Mazhnaw draped the scraps of clothing back over the body to cover the markings. “It does not matter. You have to obey the orders of the crew, don’t you?”
“As far as my programming allows. There are protocols in place to override any commands which would damage the ship or actively result in any of the crew members’ deaths.”
“Fine. Then this one tells you to leave it. Keep your eyes –”
The shot skimmed her head and pierced the wall behind her. Diving behind one of the desks stacked high with laboratory equipment, Mazhnaw closed her eyes to focus on the sounds all around her. Beyond the faint hum of the ship’s systems was the barest rustle of movement. She edged to the corner to fire off a shot. The resulting explosion reverberated through the room, but no thump of a body followed, nor any exclamation of pain. The assassin had disappeared again.
“Zhon, where are they?”
“10 o’clock, behind the telescope. They have disappeared from my vision but to make an exit in the room they will be required to pass by a camera.”
“10 o’clock?” she repeated.
The staccato drumbeat of gunshots ripped into the wall. Mazhnaw grunted as she slid across to the other side of the desk, snatching her first shot of the white clad figure hunting her. From this angle she could not determine what species they were, other than that they were on the shorter, stockier side. A mask covered their facial features, something grotesque with perfectly circular rings for eyes and a hooked beak, covered in swirling lines of glowing light strips. Something about the design scraped a layer of cobwebs off a shelved memory but she couldn’t quite reach it in the heat of the moment.
“Keep heading in that direction,” said Zhon. 
“Then this one will be cut off from the exit.”
“There is another way through the labs. It’s in the plans.”
Mazhnaw fired off another shot to ward off the assassin and then launched herself at the door, limited in her movement with only her legs. Inches from the door she caught white out of the corner of her eye, her only warning before a body crashed into her and sent her careening into the wall with a jolt of pain through her crushed shoulder. Grunting, she ducked out of the way of a fist reinforced by armoured gloves and attempted to get space between them, but the figure pursued, moving with quick, skipping steps that disguised the agility of their movement.
“There is not much time left,” said Zhon. “The engine is beginning to respond to the chemical which has been used to tamper with the system.”
At this range Mazhnaw could only rely on her claws, snarling as she slashed through the air to push them back. One claw caught in the thick kevlar of the assassin’s suit and the momentary struggle to free it cost her the crunch of knuckles across the face, pain exploding outwards from the point of impact. Cheekbone and eye throbbing, she burrowed her claws into their shoulder, digging and digging through the armour to draw blood. Even as they struggled free she held on, sawing through meat and bone.
The assassin gasped, a stunningly simple reaction to what should have been searing agony, but Mazhnaw was more than acquainted with the tolerance for pain. Using her locked arm for balance, her opponent swung around and attempted to kick her down with heavy boots, but she spun with them without allowing them to make contact. Suddenly a red hot pain sliced across her hip and she jerked, allowing the assassin to wrench their shoulder free with a spurt of red and skim out of her way on the way to the door. Blood seeped between her fingers, a blue so deep it was almost black. Intermingled with her own she could smell the tang of human blood.
“Mazhnaw, I really must urge that you leave now.”
The pain was nothing in comparison to the pulsing in her face but the horrible sensation of cold air on the dampness of torn flesh was disgusting. Swiping her hands on her suit, Mazhnaw only just managed to throw herself out of the way of another rip of bullets, crawling along the floor and smearing behind her a trail of ink against white tiles. Ahead the white clad figure disappeared through the door.
As soon as he was gone from view she kicked herself back to her feet and broke into a run. “How long? Enough to get back?”
“Captain Yiko and Julien have taken the shuttle back to the ship. You need to be free of this ship in the next two minutes or she is going to blow.”
Of course they had. She had expected nothing less and yet she cursed them in her mind. “It doesn’t matter.” Her feet pounded the ground with heavy thumps. “This one will find a way.”
“I will inform them that you are on your way.”
She didn’t have enough breath to tell him not to bother, reserving it for the last stretch through the strange warren of UFRD Flagstone. If the assassin was hiding in the wings somewhere to strike her down in surprise then so be it. Mazhnaw no longer had the luxury of time, nor the mental fortitude to fight both the fear that she was about to be stranded here with an engine rigged to blow and someone trying to kill her at the same time. The injury to their shoulder had either stopped them, or they would come back for their revenge and they would both be dead. 
Should they come back, then she would be sure to bring them both down together.
“Zhon, which way?”
“Left, left! There’s the airlock there.”
Sure enough she could see the dark expanse of sky beyond the hole which had been ripped through the entrance to the ship. At least she would see the stars before she died. That was better than she had really expected. Back then, she would have given anything to see the stars once last time before she closed her eyes for good. If she couldn’t be reclaimed by the Arazhmazh, then she would at least know peace before the end.
Clipping the rope back onto the belt of her spacesuit and jabbing the button to release the airlock doors, Mazhnaw grabbed the busted hinge of the main door and swung herself out into the vast, infinite void from which they all had come, and reminded herself that this could be Arazhmazh, too. The sudden weightlessness was its own release, her body drifting as if atop the surface of the waters of the Jhazkhrar.
“Mazhnaw, look up.”
The sound of Yiko’s voice surprised her, head jerking. Ahead was the growing figure of Dignity, swooping so low that her heart skipped a beat, sure it was about to collide right into Flagstone and crush her between both ships in the process. 
“Get ready. I’m coming down as low as I can bring her. When I pass by grab hold and we’ll haul you in.”
“Captain, I really must encourage you not to override safety protocols like this. It really feels disrespectful to my boundaries.”
“Sorry, Zhon,” said Julien. “But sometimes programming is unhelpful.”
The rumble beneath Mazhnaw reminded her that Flagstone was about to blow. Kicking her legs out, she swam through open space, unable to fight the cloying terror of being out amongst the stars and the satin black of the void. Despite the babble of voices in her ear there was something unspeakably lonely about it, something inexplicably alien; the knowledge that she could so easily be cut, that she could drift away for infinity, to never find peace in Arazhmazh. She swallowed down the knot in her throat.
“Here we come! Get moving.”
A deafening peal of thunder struck behind her, followed by a waft of heat. Mazhnaw kicked and kicked and kicked, pushing herself as far from the carcass of the research vessel as she could. Dignity looked as if it was aiming directly for her but she silenced the quake in her bones, choosing to trust in Yiko’s competency if nothing else. As the ship raced from the scene of the crime Mazhnaw put in one last burst of effort and snatched a ladder set into the side of the ship, screaming out as her fingers slipped. Another kick of her legs and she latched on, knuckles straining. The rope pulled at her waist and she flipped out a knife to saw herself free.
Dangling by one hand as the ship tore through the dark, she glanced back at the bright bloom of fire engulfing Flagstone and found the seeds of a new sensation deep in the hollow cavern of her ribcage: gratitude that she would live to see another day. A tremulous, frail kind of hope that she might one day see her home once again. The treacherous yearning that she might even find peace, returned to the  Arazhmazh so that she could give back to the land which had birthed and borne her.

*

The ship had stopped moving which could only mean one thing: they had landed again. As soon as the giddying thought passed his mind, Than Ru attempted to quash it. Just because the crew were disembarking did not mean he would have an easier time escaping. If anything, security measures would be put in place to make it all the more difficult. And yet, once the thought had taken root he could stop it from sprouting. Distraction made for the best opportunity.
Than Ru contemplated the structure of the cell, smooth walls without seams all around him except for the glass side which looked out into the hallway from which the crew had attempted to get him to talk. As if he hadn’t been trained for exactly these kinds of scenarios since infancy, more than prepared for any kind of bribery or torture they could throw at him. No, Than Ru was not concerned about the strange consortium that inhabited the ship; human, kiriki, and the strange, pale creature who had gazed at him with black eyes. He was far more concerned about the time passing, taking him further and further from his only point of reference in this new world: the tiered city of Krizsalizs where all species intermingled, their cars zipping along roads lit by augmented lights across the sky. 
Without a window he had no way to orientate himself, and now he was faced with the reality that should he find some way to escape, he would have little idea of how to move on from where his current location was. Had he been anyone else it wouldn’t have been an issue – he would have been content to drift along where the tide carried him – but UF controlled territory was not safe for a caxos to wander. Even in a city as free-spirited as Krizsaliz had presented herself, he had felt the stares as he had slipped from the apartment he had been holing up to the port in an effort to promptly move on. Coverings had disguised him just enough to stop any real issues, but if his stature hadn’t given himself away, then his darting looks and hesitance before the foreign vowels dropped from his tongue were as glaring as the neon roads.
Always turn the situation to your advantage. Without leverage it doesn’t matter who you are.
Squeezing his eyes until the vision of Ru Wan exploded into sparks, Than Ru sprang to his feet and paced the tight space between walls like a caged beast, considering materials and options. From his brief observations when he had first stolen onto the ship it was fairly high tech, more so than he had ever considered humans capable of producing; a small, sleek craft for making shorter, quicker flights between planets rather than the long haul bulk carriers which dwarfed all other ships at port, swallowing them in their shadows. His first instinct had been to hide within the vast cavern of one of their massive cargo holds, but as soon as he had spied the Nautilus Eltanin he had known it to be his best option. With the cargo ships he could end up in space for months but the smaller craft would be guaranteed to make shorter journeys before refuelling, giving him far more opportunities to choose a port where he could readily disappear.
It hadn’t quite worked out that way. Assuming that no human owned ship could have even half the technological capacity of a caxossan ship, he had been taken unawares by the AI system which had noticed his tampering with the security lock, and then he had been surprised by the recklessness of the small crew who had looked nothing like what he had pictured antique dealers to be, so mismatched it had almost been comical until they managed to overpower him.
So strong, so quick, so clever, a familiar voice crooned in his ear. What good is cleverness if you’re still so naive? Little Than Ru-thiknan can break the record for test scores but he’ll never survive in the real world.
Than Ru’s hands clenched into fists. Only an ironclad restraint stopped him from punching the wall to shatter the vision of a familiar face. Instead he returned to the glass, forced to reckon with his own image melding with that of the ship’s corridor, all the dark, lean lines of him. Flagpole. Better reckon with himself than think about what someone better prepared would do in this situation; there was no point in dwelling in what would not bear fruit. Than Ru was not Ru Wan. Was not Wan Har. Was certainly not Har Thom. So be it. 
Than Ru was Than Ru, and while this foolhardy enterprise had only thrust light upon his many failings, he was not incapable of reacting to an unprecedented situation. After all, what were all those years of rigorous training for if he couldn’t escape some puny human cell? The question was, how best go about it. The kiriki who had pressed him down with considerable strength had been quick to remove his korom kha blade and his stolen gun, golden eyes too bright as they skimmed his form. A shudder ran through him at the memory of her touch on his skin, too hot and dry against the natural dampness of his own, as if leaching the moisture from him.
Like a gauge slipping into a worn out groove, his mind immediately settled back into the familiar question: what would Ru Wan do? While able to fell most foes during sparring, his old mentor had been like a river, always parting around the rock rather than trying to break it down. Ru Wan would likely bide his time, play the meek and mild sheltered prince who was willing to cooperate for leniency, until the moment came where he sensed the opportunity for escape. An easy grace and honeyed tongue were the main weapons of Ru Wan, but Than Ru was more like a rusted hinge; the only reaction he ever produced from others was a wince. Only, no amount of oil would allow him to slide his way past interactions when he could barely communicate.
You’re far from home, kokshar. Okol Rosh. The high tongue.
At that Than Ru halted in place, the soles of his shoes squeaking against the floor mid-pace. He didn’t have a translator, and only knew a basic trickle of bablen, but the kiriki hadn’t spoken to him in bablen, nor in her own native tongue. No, she had spoken in the caxossan tongue, and without the delay of the translator device relaying back her words in the stilted, tinny echo of a machine attempting to sound out the sweeping sounds of his language. 
Very few outsiders spoke Okol Rosh. Very few were given opportunity to learn, even amongst inhabitants under the rule of the empire, and while Tirikyll was in an alliance with the Daikhin, it was still strange that a kiriki would have bothered to teach herself. Then again, if they were antiques dealers then they would be used to dealing with a variety of different species which would involve being able to communicate in languages often overlooked, or revered and guarded from those who would taint the old words. It still didn’t really explain why she would not simply rely on the translator. It had its issues for sure – there had been the diplomatic issue on Jaharis when an idiom was translated incorrectly and offended the ambassador enough to cause a three-day incident of escalating tensions – but it would surely suffice for the rare occasions which required trading with his people.
The stern expression of the Daikhin sprang to mind then and he reconsidered. A slight to the caxos people was easily punishable by death, so perhaps it was not so unprecedented if she was determined to trade in caxossan goods, but that would require a permit, and his people did not grant those freely. The more he mulled over the scenario the less he could make sense of it, cursing himself for not having a mind which could unscramble the puzzles of people like Ru Wan’s inherent and often uncanny translator. 
“The kiriki,” he murmured. He had inspected every inch of the cell, asserted pressure on the fault lines between wall and glass, slammed down on the glass itself for hours until his knuckles had started to bleed, searched for some weakness that could see him free. “The kiriki will be my way out.”
She had been the one intent on befriending him. Despite the laser intensity of her gaze as it had tracked him like a sniper’s rifle, and the unsettling discord between her cold eyes and smiling mouth, she was the only pressure point he could potentially exploit. For whatever reason – be it hatred, or fascination, or something else – she had an interest in the caxos and in himself. That would have to be his way out. Besides, if he were to clamber his way out through the ventilation system like he had seen in one of the human films on Krizsalizs, he would only find himself stranded in a place he did not know, having earned himself more distrust for the trouble.
But could he really play the persona? Than Ru?
“AI system,” he called out, throat hoarse from disuse. Clearing it, he repeated, “AI system, I know you hear me. Let me speak to the kiriki.”
Nothing but silence. 
“Tell her I am willing to talk.”
The silence continued. So they were playing mind games with him now. Than Ru waited in the middle of his cell, staring expectantly out at the corridor as he awaited her appearance, but no one came. As the time crept on so did his doubts, until he resigned himself to flopping back onto the cot. He tried a few more times to engage with the AI system but never received any response, even when he located the small camera in the corner, and in a fit of frustration forced himself to get some sleep despite the dry, hard bed pressing into his muscles. He would need his strength for when the time came to break out.
Sleep was a thin veil of gauze on an open wound. Faint, translucent dreams chased him across the dark expanse of the sky in his old ship, lights smearing, and then he was jerking awake to the rumble of the engine. The room tilted as the current, very real ship swerved, and he gripped the bed to keep himself from tumbling to the floor. They were on the move again. Quickly. Violently.
“What in the prime?” he murmured, eyes straying to the tiny blinking red light of the camera. There had to be a way to use it to help him escape. Some way of short-circuiting the ship’s electrical system to open the cell. Ideas spun in his mind, already plotting how he would rip it free from the ceiling. Despite being human designed, the cells boasted ceilings double his own height as if in preparation for other kinds of prisoners. Even a caxos standing at an average of ten dorons was dwarfed by the scale of the cell. It was a shame that the floor didn’t allow for more movement. His legs were beginning to stiffen, achy from disuse.
In the end Than Ru never got the chance to apply his second escape plan, for it collided right into his first. Hastily burying his fashioned hook from pieces of the cot frame which had been bolted into the wall, he sat stiff-backed as booted feet echoed down the corridor before a familiar form emerged. Perhaps a half-head shorter than he was, but made taller with confidence, the kiriki was slightly different from the reddish colouring of the Rokomi-Yiwo clan he had encountered once before. Instead her skin was a tawny gold, her eyes behind yellow lenses were either topaz bright or stained by the glass. Her mane of feathers was a deep, dark purple, thinly striped with white, each far smaller than the broad russet feathers of those he had met before.
“I heard you were asking for me,” she said, cocking her head. “Well, here I am.”
“How do you know my language?” blurted out of his mouth before he could stop to think of anything else.
Her smile grew. “What? Surprised that another species is able to grasp such a high brow tongue?”
“No. It’s just –” 
Not many did? What was the point when translators were so ubiquitous?
“You could say I had incentive.”
He frowned. There was something he couldn’t put into words, like she had already made her judgements about him before even giving him a chance. The easy way in which she spoke and held herself was at odds with the way she pinned him with her stare, the lethargy of a predator batting prey between its paws for amusement. She’s like Ru Wan, he thought, and somehow that relaxed him a little. 
“You asked for me.”
“Mm. I did.”
The smile dropped, replaced by naked study as if he were a zoo exhibit. “I’m afraid I don’t have time to tease conversation out of you today. If you aren’t quite ready to talk then I’ll have to take my leave of –”
“What happened? Out there.”
“Ah,” she said. “I can only discuss matters of this ship with members of the crew, and you, my little stowaway, are not that. Give me a reason to trust you and then we’ll see.”
“I’m not a criminal.”
“No? You did sneak your way onto a high end trading ship. It’s only natural that people would have their suspicions about your intentions. Corporate espionage, thievery, potential hijacking. You could have killed us all in our sleep and dumped our bodies.”
Than Ru remained expressionless. She wasn’t to know if he had actually contemplated any of those scenarios.
“Ah, but –” she stepped in closer and looked both ways before lowering her voice “– a caxos in UF territory could be considered a crime in of itself, no?” She counted off on her fingers. “Deserting the military, spying on UF business, inciting a potential war. I’m sure the caxos would just love to make the claim that you had been kidnapped so that they could push their demands on the UF Ægis Council, who would be determined to avoid that reputational damage. Not to mention the punishment you would be likely to face, once you were brought back home.”
“You wouldn’t.”
The admission honed her grin. “Wouldn’t I? Who has more to lose between you and I, I wonder?”
“You wouldn’t want to –”
“Invite a war? Why should I care about the five species which make up the UF Ægis Council? Shikha, I was born and bred for war. It’s no hardship for me.”
Than Ru glanced away from the hot beam of her gaze, fist clenched. She knew. Maybe not who he was, or why he had run, but enough to make her dangerous. In these parts of the galaxy so little was known about the caxos that it was his only cover being as conspicuous as he was. To anyone who knew, however, it was obvious that the last thing he would want would be to draw the attention of his people. That a caxos stowing away on a human ship was on the run, ducking their head to avoid being dragged back to face the iron fist of the caxossan punitive system.
Now he realised why she reminded him so much of Ru Wan. Just like his old mentor, she held all the cards and he was guessing blindly, still as foolish now as he had been then, grasping at ways to out-trick the magician. For all his talents, for all the hard work and toil and muscle ache and hours poured into honing his body, Than Ru had never been able to match Ru Wan’s best weapon: his razor-sharp mind.
“So you see,” the kiriki said cheerfully. “Good. This will be easier if you stop thinking you have leverage in this situation.”
“What do you want from me, then?”
“Nothing.”
The word struck like a gong, echoing in his mind. Than Ru searched her face but found no give, no clue. She was too strange. Foreign. He couldn’t read the glittering, jewelled eyes, nor make sense of the whisper of her feathers as she bounced on her heels, chipper despite the bite to her words. If she had studied his people – if she knew his language and something of his culture – then Than Ru felt as if his translator had been ripped out. As if she was incomprehensible and alien, lines that refused to rearrange into a script of any meaning.
“I confess to some curiosity, though,” she said after an uncomfortable stretch of silence. “What would possess someone as sheltered as you to try your hand in these parts? Have you ever seen another species in your time, little caxos?”
He jolted, mouth open to defend himself, but he had no refutation for her. She had all but read his thoughts right off his face, a fact which pricked at his skin and sucked the moisture dry. In his panic he naturally traced the well-trodden path of what his old mentor would do in this situation. “What was it you said before? That you would only discuss such things with your crew.”
“Ah, of course. I do have to wonder, though, where is your crew?”
Than Ru’s mouth clamped shut, glaring back at her. She looked like she was going to say more only to go so deathly still that he stiffened in response. A black nailed finger tapped at her inner ear comm, her gaze drifting as she listened to something he was not privy to. After a glance to the corner of his cell where the camera was she smiled at him. “Well, as enlightening at this conversation has been, there are things I have to be doing. If you find yourself in a more forthright mood then you know how to contact me.”
She turned her back on him and Than Ru realised it for the closing door that it was. “Would you ever accept me regardless of what I told you?”
She paused, glancing over her shoulder in a rustle of iridescent feathers. 
Than Ru shifted his weight, lifting his chin. He hadn’t meant to blurt it out, exactly, but now that the words were between them he could at least pretend it had been his intention. “I could be open to you, but you are a stranger to me and I have no more cause to accept your intentions than you have cause to trust mine. If I were to tell you, would there be any chance of my gaining your trust?”
The way she kept staring at him made him shuffle his feet, resisting the urge to rip his gaze away from the prickle of her stare. It was not unlike the intensity of looking down the barrel, crackling with the same anticipatory charge. His gills began to twitch, realising that all he had done was foolishly present himself as weak. He wasn’t like the others who had trained with him at the academy; he wasn’t cut out for the spy’s con. Than Ru had been taught how to adapt to any weapon – how to create a weapon out of any scraps he could scrummage from a situation – and how to pilot every kind of ship the caxos had to offer. This was so very far out of his comfort zone that, not for the first time, he was questioning why he had run away at all.
“You speak of trust and intentions,” she said at last, taking a step back towards the cell, “as if such a thing is necessary. I do not need to know your life story, nor need we bond over sokothha. Frankly, I think it would make me trust you less.”
“Then what do you hope to do with me? You have already indicated that you understand the danger in keeping me here, and despite what you’ve said, I don’t think you want to gain the attention of my people any more than I do. Turning me over to the UF forces will only garner more questions than will be answered.”
“Hm, that is an interesting impasse now, isn’t it?”
It took him a moment to hear the threat in her words, a shiver running through him. “There must be some reason why I’m still alive,” he braved, heart thumping so loud he could barely hear his own words. “If killing me is your easiest route, there must be a reason why you have not yet taken it.”
She never seemed to truly stop smiling, this kiriki, and yet it did not match what the books said about smiling being a common expression of happiness in species this side of the galaxy. Her body language was the most baffling mix of signals, caging him in more ways than just physical. Dredging memories of his brief interaction with kiriki in the past revealed little: the pieces he remembered, fragmented, were of a much milder people, ones who expressed a more mellow approach to life.
“I’m not so sure that you will find satisfaction in my answer,” the kiriki said, retreating once more.
“But you’ll tell me anyway.”
Her laughter lingered even after she had disappeared from view. “What can I say?” she called back. “I was just curious.”
Than Ru was left to silence.

*

“They’re clearly made by the same process,” said Julien as he turned this new piece of relic over in his hands. It was a smaller piece than the oval-shaped disk given to them by Lindholm, an obelisk made from a material he couldn’t place, smooth and translucent with a faint sheen like a large piece of decorative opal. There were short appendages on one end like teeth and a deep, grooved indentation as if another piece was supposed to clip inside. Dark lines in interlocking patterns had been engraved into the surface, reminding him of the veins stark beneath Mazhnaw’s membranous skin. “I just can’t work out what they were supposed to be used for.”
“Records show similar design features on relics pulled from various planets where the oorodos were believed to have settled thousands of years ago, including the likes of Trri-Krrni and Rökol.” Zhon chirped. The swirl of green on the main screen was replaced with a collage of different pieces – pottery and kitchenware items, some tech pieces that could have been early communication devices, weapons in the form of blades and spears – all of which bore similar patterns of lines folded into one another like an artist had been asked to give a stylistic rendition of a circuit board from memory. A variety of materials had been used, from polished and treated wood, to different colours of metal, to clay which had been glazed and painted.
One particular item caught his eye. “Wait, go back to that one.”
“This?”
Julien grunted in affirmation, holding aloft the obelisk. The patterns were similar enough to look as if one had inspired the other, but where the subtle carvings into the clay pot were loose and fluid, and the paint so faded it was little more than a few flakes of colour peeling away from the original design, the obelisk held a brilliant lustre beneath the lights of the ship, the thick veins beneath its surface held in tight coils to create something that resembled a script.
“What language did the oorodos speak?”
“It was a very ancient prototype of what became known as Okol Rosh, otherwise known as High Caxossan, the form only spoken by royalty and high ranking officials, predominately in the military. Not much is known about the mechanisms of the language, since it was believed that the oorodos did not hold the same anatomy to allow them to be able to pronounce all of the phonemes found in most notable caxossan dialects –”
“Yes, yes, very interesting. You’re saying you don’t really know.”
“Well, no. It’s just that according to research, and some informed guesswork, they were the very early ancestors to the caxossan people, and due to the isolationist policies of the caxos a lot of this information may never be known in the free nations. Perhaps they have their own research that may enlighten on some aspects of this – several scholars have certainly posited on the possibility – but it has not been a priority to push for this information given the particular political climate.”
“You seem to know a lot,” he said, eyeing the camera.
“I am simply able to collect and analyse existing articles and data at a much faster rate than any living being,” said Zhon, a hint of pride seeping into their cool tone. “But, yes, I am here to be of use to you with any knowledge you may seek.”
Julien raised the obelisk. “Then what is this material? Why has it barely decayed over thousands of years? I have tried to break it with everything but even diamond does not scratch it.”
A humming noise followed, the familiar sound of Zhon processing a large amount of data. It was such a human noise than it always threw Julien. Why, when the AI was being designed, did its creator decide to include such frivolous aspects? To make intelligent beings feel better about the fact that they could be bested in moments by a machine? Personhood really was such a fragile affect, shattered with such ease when compared to the ruthless efficiency of AI.
Perhaps in the future there will be no need for the biological at all, he thought sardonically. In his time he had seen more than a few films decrying this very vision. His grip tightened around the obelisk until the edges cut into his skin, jaw clenching.
“There are no official conclusions,” Zhon said, jerking him from his spiralling moroseness, “since there are no records of the specific relics which Lindholm has been searching for. There have, however, been comments made that there are ancient buildings within the caxos’ territory which bear a resemblance.”
A picture of columns jutting from red earth, slanting finger bones breaking free from the ground. Although faded, and the picture unclear, the material had the same shimmering quality inscribed with a familiar tightly boxed script. It could just be the sunlight creating the effect but the similarity was notable, enough so that Julien held up the two pieces in his hands to compare them to the picture. Certainly they had to have been of the same oorodossi origin, even if the material was not the same.
“They also bear some similarities to ceremonial weapons of the gogon.”
The next picture was of a long knife, a dull steel used for the blade itself boasting of serrated teeth on one side, and a worn grip that could have been bone, or a similar substance to the material that Julien held in his hands. Around the edges of the grip were clustered seals and woven lines, painted in a contrasting black. Flicking through a few archaeological articles revealed very little, other than the authors noting both the age of the weapon, and the rarity of them. The material had proved to be nigh on indestructible, a kind of mineral that held similar properties to diamond, but of which none had ever been found in the natural world. 
“And the language?” he continued. “Has anyone been able to translate the words?”
More humming, the knife disappearing to be replaced with the jumping lines of colour which represented Zhon processing. “There are certain shared characteristics with High Caxossan which makes some of it decipherable, although there are debates around certain seals and the seeming differences in how they have been transcribed on various items.  The inscription on the gogon blade is thought to be decorative rather than bearing actual text. No scholar has had much success with translating the lines there.”
Julien grumbled to himself under his breath, flickering through more articles, but his head was starting to throb. Reading across a variety of sources meant puzzling his way through translated texts, and while the AI was certainly sophisticated, it was always far more difficult when looking at the jargon-dense academic literature compared to the way that the UF pushed for very parsed down, efficient writing in most other fields. Moreover, no one seemed to be able to agree on any particular thing. One piece had a theory for how the script should be broken down, while another lambasted the author’s efforts, noting various seals which had been missing from their analysis. No text could be read in isolation.
Pinching the bridge of his nose, he said, “Forward on articles from most respected writers to my room, Zhon. This is going to take time.”
The space behind his eye began to pulse and he rode out a dizzying wave of pressure against his skull by bracing himself against the desk, breathing heavily. It had come on so suddenly that it threw him, flailing limbs knocking over the oval relic. It clattered to the ground with a thunderous bang and reverb, his eyes squeezing shut to help alleviate the overstimulation. It felt like something was trying to drill into the very centre of his brain. Calm, calm, he reminded himself, focusing on a clear, still lake as he mechanically filed away all the different sensations and saw only the flat sheen of the water. Gradually the panic receded with the nausea, until he could open his eyes to the room again.
“Julien? Are you all right? I am observing elevated vital signs – your heartbeat was really quite erratic.”
“I am fine,” he said gruffly, although he was unsure whether it was true. Julien did not get ill so this bout of nauseousness was concerning enough to linger in the back of his mind, even as he picked up the fallen relic and cleared up the mess of equipment across the desk. “Where is –”
The doors slid open. Before he could even turn to see who had entered a hand shoved him backwards so that he collided with the desk, the relic snatched out of his hands. Metal claws clacked against the surface. Mazhnaw.
“What are you doing?”
Her black eyes were impenetrable. Unseeing. Hissing, she fell into a defensive position low against the floor, as if she was about to make a leap. The gnashing of her teeth made him flinch, hands raised out in front of him.
“Hold on, hold on! Zhon, what is happening? I am not your enemy here! Mazhnaw – ack!”
Only rolling under the desk saved him as she lunged forwards, claws gnawing into the polymer surface above with a sickening crunch. Scrambling backwards, Julien cried out, “Zhon, Zhon, help me! Alert Yiko! I am about to be frog food.”
Mazhnaw ripped the desk apart, growling from low in her throat in a way that made him quiver. Frantic legs pushed him back and back and back until his spine thumped against the wall, followed by the base of his skull. His heart nearly gave in when he couldn’t see Mazhnaw, looking all around him only to realise with a dawning horror that she had leapt onto the wall and was racing towards him. Every swear word he knew tumbled from his mouth, some words from human languages and others not. He should have known it was a bad idea to swan off into space with a bunch of alien strangers – he should have remembered that healthy dose of paranoia he had been born with and maybe then he would have –
“Initiating Emergency Chartreuse Protocol.”
A burst of light zigzagged through the air with a crackle. Mazhnaw shrieked as she tumbled off the wall, shuddering on the floor. 
“Stand down on emergency protocols,” said Yiko, holding a gun in her hand. “Captain’s orders.”
“Chartreuse Protocol, standing down.”
Julien pushed himself up onto his hands and righted his glasses, feeling his chest to ensure that, no, he had not just been ripped to shreds by a feral anorizkan. “What the hell just happened?” he said. “And what in stars above is Chartreuse Protocol?”
“Relax,” said Yiko, holding out a hand. With considerable strength she hoisted him onto his feet, bracing him before he could stumble forwards with the momentum. “This is just a stun gun. Found it in the storage unit. Say, Zhon, any idea what happened?”
“Sorry, Captain,” replied Zhon, sounding almost sheepish despite the hollow drone of his voice, “it’s an automatic trigger if one of the crew makes an attempt on the life of another. I cannot control it. Chartreuse Protocol involves a concentrated burst of plasma directly to the assailant, enough to kill them instantly.”
Julien’s eyes bugged. “What? What?” His head turned all around, gesturing at any camera he could find. “You didn’t think to tell us about this? How many colours do you have? What is Crimson Protocol?”
“There is no Crimson Protocol.”
He thought for a moment. “Whisky Protocol?”
“Complete self-destruction of the ship and contents.”
“Oh, fucking hell.”
Yiko crouched by Mazhnaw, head tilted as she studied her. From the rise and fall of her chest Julien could see that she was at least still breathing. “I meant, why did she attack?” She pried open a lid to peer at Mazhnaw’s vacant black eye. 
“I cannot say for certain, but the behaviour displayed does appear to match that of the logs from UFRD Flagstone.”
“Mm.” Gold eyes landed on Julien. He gulped. “And this one?”
“Aside from a brief display of nausea, there have been no signs of violent or untoward behaviour.”
“Hey!” he cried, looking between Yiko and the camera. “Are you going to shock me too?”
“Don’t be silly. If I hit you with this a human like you would be dead.”
His shoulders dropped as he turned to glare at her. 
“Mazhnaw’s vitals?”
“All appear stable from a simple examination. If you would like more thorough scans it would be best to take her to the ship’s examination pod so that I can make sure –”
“No need. The most important thing right now is securing her so that we don’t get a repeat performance. Let’s avoid a situation like what happened on Flagstone,  hm?”
Which was how Julien ended up helping Yiko drag Mazhnaw’s unconscious body to the medbay where she was promptly strapped to one of the hospital cots. The implications of her sudden attack were filtering in in stages as the shock rescinded, and then he was hit with the connections between her behaviour and that of K’dzin on the UF ship, of Jurgen Fritz’s logs.
“They all went mad because of that thing,” he said.
Yiko studied the screen beside the bed. “We don’t know that.”
“Really? What are chances that we take relic which they were studying and then we have one of our crew go mad after being in contact with it? It’s just like what happened to them.”
“Would you like me to calculate the probability?”
Julien threw his hands up. “No! I do not want you to calculate probability! What is probability that everyone in galaxy turns into rats? I don’t care. I want to know just what these things are that we have been sent across the galaxy to chase down. I want to know if I’m going to lose my mind!”
“But you didn’t, did you?”
“Huh?”
Tapping a finger on her chin, Yiko considered a report on the screen. “You have already had more contact with it than any of us, but you haven’t been affected. I seem to note that Captain Fritz was also unaffected, at least up until the point of his untimely death.”
A chill went through him. “You think humans are immune.”
“Hm, no. Anka was affected, wasn’t she? It’s not enough to draw any conclusions.”
“So what are you saying?”
She shrugged with a smile. “Who knows? But it is interesting.”
Julien was less sure he agreed with this assessment but refrained from saying anything else. 
“In the mean time I think it might be an idea if we keep the relics sealed away. Just until we understand their properties. Did you get that, Zhon?”
“Registered, Captain. If you place them in the safe I will ensure that no one is able to access them aside from yourself.”
“Hold on a minute now!” Julien narrowed his eyes. “Why should we trust you? For all we know you’re just trying to hoard them for yourself so that you can ditch us like last time.”
“Because I’m not the one who just tried to slice you up like some nice pork cutlet.”
He glared.
“Also I am the authority around here, and unless you want to take on the responsibility for this entire crew including completing progress and financial reports for Lindholm, I get final say in what goes.”
“Ugh, fine.”

*

Waking came in fits and starts. Briefly Mazhnaw was aware of light pushing at the cotton press of the darkness, before the tumble of her dreams pulled her away once again. Then like the ebb and flow of the tide she found herself dragged towards it only to be sucked back just before her fingers could grasp the shore, consciousness lumbering drunkenly to its feet. Struck suddenly by the knowledge that she needed to awaken, she opened her eyes to the harsh lighting of a ship’s medical bay. 
Attempting to shield her eyes with her hand only alerted her to the restraint tight against her arm and she jerked, a thousand memories tumbling from the place where they had been packed into the darkest storage units of her mind. It felt like they were tumbling from the shelves, slamming into her skull one by one. The weight constricted her chest and made breathing near impossible, gasping for shallow sheets of air. The restraints strangled her, skin bruising as it rubbed against leather in her thrashing. She was supposed to be free. She was supposed to be far, far away from this.
The realisation that her freedom had all been a dream crushed her, tears pricking at the corners of her eyes which she refused to let spill. It had been such a vivid dream – snippets of bustling cities, of more species than she thought herself capable of imagining, of the ripple of new fauna in the wind and bright orange blooms poking through the harsh desert, of languages grating her ears until filtered through the translator – but it was already fading, bleached beneath the hot white lights of the laboratory.
Mazhnaw shrieked, howling in pain. Every part of her ached but that was nothing new. Pain Mazhnaw could handle. This; this deep, yawning abyss of knowledge given to her in her dreams, was more than she knew what to do with. It was a box too big to fit on the shelf, contents spilling over into a mess on the floor. It was like giving an ant a glimpse into a world of technology, of phones and cars and ships and intermingling species, and then expecting it to trundle on its coordinated lines back to its colony.
“Fuck, why you scream? Was it that sore? Does it hurt?”
Through her swimming vision Mazhnaw caught the face of a human, blurred. One of her captors. Snarling, she pulled at her bonds, the bed beneath her creaking and hinges squealing. The face pulled back with a yelp.
“What have you done to her?”
“I don’t know. It was only a little tasing. Nothing she can’t handle.”
“Her brain is fried! She’s gone mad.”
A different shape this time. Mazhnaw blinked past the water to see a pointed face, golden skin and glittering eyes behind a yellow eyeshield not unlike the human’s spectacles. A mane of spilling feathers, nebula dark flecked with white. This face had been in her dreams, always smiling like a carved mask. The kiriki. Yiko. Was the kiriki in on this whole operation? Had she been tricked?
Snapping fingers dragged her eyes back to coins of gold. “Mazhnaw,” she said, not quite nailing the syllables. “You’re currently on the ship Dignity, on a mission issued by a human named Venn Lindholm. I am Yiko Ty-kiro and next to me is Julien Solokov, your fellow crew members for this mission.”
The words tumbled over her, senseless. She tried to arrange them but they came too fast for her to process. Lindholm. Yiko. Julien. Each name conjured a face, and with each came the loosing of a cork, more images spilling free. The twisting roads through the sky of Krizsalizs. Lindholm’s sagging jowls set against the blue-green twist of the planet’s atmosphere. The escape at the port and the commitment to journeying with these strangers, more welcoming to her than those she had known a lifetime.
Teeth bared, she glanced to the restraints. “Why is this one tied down?”
Yiko’s calm expression did not falter. “What do you remember?”
Mazhnaw frowned. What didn’t she remember? So many sights and sounds and sensations all bled together until it was almost impossible to make sense of any in isolation. The pain vibrated through her skin like that song they always used to play, the husky voice singing words she did not understand so had assigned her own meaning. To attempt to unpick any singular memory would be to unravel completely. No, she had chosen to store them away to keep her safe. To keep her sanity in one piece.
“Hm. Interesting.”
“Don’t try lying,” came the second voice. “You know what you did.”
The human. Mazhnaw shuddered.
“This one tells no lies.”
“That is not as reassuring as you think it is.”
Feathers rustling, Yiko leaned over to study her. “So you’re no longer feeling murderous towards Julien, then?”
“Have you seen those teeth? I wouldn’t be so certain!”
Mazhnaw’s gaze swivelled between them, struggling. Her mouth was dry, her head was pounding, and her muscles ached as if she had been suffering from a bout of fever. “Cut the restraints,” she rasped out. “Let this one free!”
Thrashing again, the leather straps of her bonds creaked. Julien backed up but Yiko kept watching her with that curious glint in her eye. Appraising. It made a shiver run down her spine, teeth grinding as Mazhnaw pictured ripping out her throat.
“I can’t let you go until I can guarantee you won’t try to kill us.”
“Liar!” she snarled. “You just wish to cage this one! Pick Mazhnaw open for your own amusement! This one is not your plaything.”
Julien hovered at Yiko’s shoulder like a buzzing fly she wanted to swat away. “You definitely tried to kill me. I have bruises.”
So they were working together now. Fine. She should have known better than to trust him, wriggling worm that he was. They were all the same humans: self-serving, shrill-spoken wretches with tongues dripping lies. Mazhnaw would get out of this set up and then she would let him know how it really felt to run from her.
“Zhon,” said Yiko, not once looking away from her, “can you play the clip of Mazhnaw’s attack? I think she might need to see it to trigger her memory.”
“One moment, Captain. Please turn on the holoscreen.”
Yiko flicked a switch and lights blazed from the ground and ceiling, coalescing into a still image of a room she recognised: the circular shape of the control room surrounded by its glowing screens. Movement shimmered and then Mazhnaw found herself looking at a holographic display of herself, moving with a purposeful, predatory gait that set her on edge. As she watched herself lose control before her eyes, she couldn’t summon the words to decry the obvious deception of this display, because she was unable to look away from her own form. Pale, her mane sagging and lifeless, and yet the glint of steel bulging from her knuckles was shockingly visceral. It was like watching a phantom of herself trapped in the realm between life and death, unable to pass into the Arazhmazh.
The magnitude of her own form – the naked blade of seeing herself from the lens of another, from that of the cowering, whimpering human – held her in a grip of silence. Her immediate need to buck against it as she had the physical restraints, to deny this representation of herself, lingered. Desperately she tried to fit this image before her over the lush heat of the swamp and the trilling songs of her clan, the Krazhni calling one another with the gentle burr of community, but she couldn’t. Mazhnaw was cold, disconnected. Violent and cruel. 
In the dark days before this ill-fated trip she had learned these facts about herself. To be trapped was to draw down deeper into oneself, into the black well of the soul to draw up some semblance of nourishment only to devour the self completely, and in this act she had learned of her own capacity for dispassionate brutality, but she had always considered it a temporary state. A moment of transition. The shield of a cocoon from which she would emerge as she had once been, soft beneath the hardened armour which had protected her.
But Mazhnaw had forgotten that metamorphosis was about change. That the fat, hairy caterpillars of the Jhazkhrar would break free from their casing to unfurl long vibrantly coloured wings, able to take to the skies and fly. Gone was the ground, the bed of leaves and mulch from which they had emerged. In refineries ores were smelted, the slag cast off to leave the shining metal behind.
She couldn’t begin to say, whether Mazhnaw in her current state was a desirable end product.
“Do you think it broke her brain?”
She glanced up at the two faces peering at her, only seeing surgical masks. Then she blinked. Yiko and Julien. Mazhnaw remembered. She trusted neither, but she was also aware of how her own fate and theirs were now bound. It didn’t matter if she trusted them, she decided. They would act in their own interest, and currently it was in all of their interests to work together. It was something simple, something she could rely upon.
“This one does not remember,” she said at last. 
Yiko and Julien exchanged a glance.
“How interesting,” chirped a third voice. Zhon, the AI programme which flew the ship and operated all its systems, more person than she was comfortable with. “I will add this to my notes. If interaction with the oorodossi artefacts do indeed cause fits of violence, it will be much more difficult to work out how this happens if the subject cannot remember the occurrence.”
“Did you find anything?” said Yiko.
“There does appear to be a signal emitted from the relic but it is not something which I can accurately identify. It is a form of radiation, yet it is nothing that exists within records I am able to access, and I have already scanned many theoretical papers on the existence of new kinds of radiation. The most interesting paper I found discussed theories about ancient forms of communication, which are still not fully understood. I can link it to you, if you’d like.”
“Radiation?” said Julien, looking at his hands. “I touched that thing!”
“It is a form of non-ionising radiation, similar to that of a radio transmission. You need not worry about your health, Mr Solokov.”
“Hm.”
Although their words translated, Mazhnaw still felt like they were babbling in a foreign tongue. “Now that it has been established that this one is not murderous, may this one be freed?”
Another glance between Yiko and Julien. She did not like this alliance they were building in the wake of her apparent attack, nor did she like to dwell on the notion that she might have been mind-controlled by some ancient piece of technology that had resulted in a research crew all attempting to kill one another.
Yiko shrugged, a hand clapping Julien on the shoulder. “I think we can let her go now. If, Mazhnaw, you will agree to having your cabin sealed by Zhon while we sleep. Just until we establish the heart of this matter.”
She stiffened. Still they wanted to cage her like a beast.
“I can certainly lock down the cabin, Captain. I can also alert you should anything untoward occur.”
Nodding, Yiko arched a brow at Mazhnaw.
“Fine,” she scraped out. “This one will stay in her room until you are satisfied.”
“Great!” Yiko began unbuckling the bonds over her chest.
“Hold on now! I did not agree to this.”
“There’s only you and me here and captain gets deciding vote.”
“What? Why?”
“Need to make decisions somehow, don’t we?”
As soon as one arm was free Mazhnaw sliced her way through the rest with her claws, springing up from the cot so quickly that Julien leapt behind Yiko with a cry. Hands raised, she said, “Calm yourself. This one has made no move to attack.”
“Well. I still watch you.”
“Now that that’s all settled, should we –”
“Sorry to interrupt, Captain, but I did say I would warn you of anything untoward happening.”
“Yes, you did.”
“Five seconds ago,” muttered Julien.
“Zhon?”
“It appears that the caxos has escaped from his cell.”
Julien swore.
Yiko grinned.
Mazhnaw curled her hands into fists. “This one will catch him,” she said.
If there was one change Mazhnaw had undergone in her metamorphosis, it was that she was now a creature designed for hunting prey. There was no going back now, no clambering back into the cocoon. She had spread her wings and they were oily black and poisonous. Perhaps the sooner she embraced that – the sooner she acknowledged that pale wraith from the video feed – the better for them all.






