PREFACE
The Climate Letters is a fiction project exploring two potential futures.  
 In Business as Usual, a couple of (initially) young professionals attempt to live their lives as the effects of climate change become gradually but inexorably ever more apparent. This scenario was written to bring the climate crisis into the realm of the personal and the present, showing how our lives could be affected if we don't take decisive action. The climate crisis will affect everyone, in one form or another, and being prepared for this eventuality is critical. 
 In A Different Path, a brighter future emerges. In this world, the global community realises it has to act on climate change, and comes together to reshape society. Of course, this is not without setbacks, and the journey faces many hardships - but, in the end, the world is a better place for it. The future can be bright, if we make it so. I do hope that, together, these two imagined futures can help galvanise the change we so desperately need. 
 
 Jacob Ashton, 2020

BUSINESS AS USUAL

2025

Good morning my love,
It's late evening here, but even though I've been here a few days I still haven't quite adjusted to the time difference. I wonder if you're up yet? I have the feeling you might be making the most of your newfound freelance hours to have a lie-in.
You were being truthful when you said you didn't mind us emailing one another rather than calling, weren't you? I know how generous you are in letting me do things my way, but I do worry sometimes whether it's really what you want. If you do want to call or video chat, I will have my phone with me, just don't be surprised at my awkwardness! I know you're used to that now but with the time delay, I guarantee it's even worse.
Anyway, I expect you want to hear about Shanghai, the 'new financial capital of the world', as my new editor keeps on reminding me. As we were flying into the airport, the first thing that struck me is just how huge it is. Not a very original thought, but it's true! The city stretches for miles and miles, and is so densely packed with buildings you feel like there is hardly room to breathe. And that's the second thing I noticed, as soon as we left the airport: the air pollution. I knew it would be bad, especially at the moment with their weather, but I've never experienced anything like it. You feel it at the back of your throat as soon as you take a breath. Bertram describes it as like drinking a bad whisky. We got the face masks on immediately, but you can still feel it in your eyes, on your skin, in your hair. Not pleasant at all.
Bertram and I went straight to the hotel from the airport. He had his camera out from the moment he got in the taxi, snapping pictures out the window. I'm trying not to let on it's my first time in China, but I think he suspects. I know I have made lots of silly tourist errors already, and plenty more I haven't noticed, I'm sure. He's definitely one of the 'old guard', sent with me to keep an eye on me. I know it's stupid but I'm already doubting myself. I find myself wondering whether I got the job just to fill a diversity quotient. I know you will tell me this worrying is all in my head, but I have big shoes to fill.
That reminds me: thank you so much for going to Raymond's funeral in my stead. I'm glad a big crowd turned up. Someone put pictures on Twitter, which I thought was insensitive, but I suppose that's what happens if you associate with journalists. He was one of those people I wish I had known better. I always just assumed there will be time later, you know? I could have done with a few pointers for this role, if nothing else.
You remember how I told you Raymond got caught in the wildfires down in Sydney? I had assumed he had been on assignment, but Bertram said he was just visiting some elderly relatives. I guess the fires are not so newsworthy anymore, in any case. He was pushing his great aunt up a hill in her wheelchair, trying to get away from the fire. He must have been breathing deeply from the effort and that is why the smoke got him so bad. The old lady was fine, apparently. You probably know all this from the funeral anyway, but I can't stop thinking about it. What an awful way to go.
Now I am in country, I am giving some real thought to what the article will focus on. My editor wants it to focus on China's economy overtaking the US, but that has already become such a tired old story. I wondered if the energy angle might be worth considering. I saw acres and acres of solar panels from the plane, which is what gave me the idea, although I've heard there's still a lot of coal being burned here too. I might be able to tie in air pollution somehow. All the environmental debate that goes on back home, about Europe not doing enough, there's always somebody droning on, "What about China?". Maybe I can answer that question! 
I want to hear all your news too. Any new projects? How is Mothy settling in? And all the Croydon crew still behaving? Our honeymoon feels so recent, and so long ago too, all at the same time. This is the first time we've been apart since our wedding, isn't it? It's funny, you know, writing to you like this. I feel I can say a lot more. I know I'm not the best communicator in person, but I'm working on it. Yesterday I was feeling creative, and maybe a little lonely, so I've written you a (bad) poem. I think I will stick to factual articles in the future, but I hope you like it anyway!
Love,
Maria x
When I see the streetlights shining in the rain, I think of you.
When I see the mist rising from the buildings, I think of you.
When I see the hues of the sky change from blue, to red, to deep purple, I think of you.
When I see life, I think of you.


My gorgeous Maria,
First of all, thank you for such a beautiful poem. I wish I could write like you. I find it very attractive, as I hope you know by now. Just one of the many reasons I married you. The photos from the wedding finally arrived yesterday, and they're fantastic – I can't wait to show you.
Shanghai sounds like a really interesting place, even if it is smoggy! What are the people like? Are you doing any interviews? I like your idea for an energy angle too. I saw on Instagram that China produces nearly all the solar panels in the world – but you might want to check that!
Raymond's funeral was a very graceful affair. I didn't know anybody there apart from Joanna and Christine, but the whole ceremony was very moving, and they talked a lot about his self-sacrifice. His great aunt was there, in fact. I thought about saying hello but she seemed rather distraught. I'm sure Raymond would be proud of you taking up the reins. And you know what I think about your self-doubts too. You're amazing. Don't ever forget it.
Freelancing is going fine, and you'll be pleased to hear I got up at the very human time of 8.30 this morning. I have a new project from some development consultancy that's doing something for the government – flood barriers mostly. It's a growing market. They just want a couple of leaflets putting together, nothing taxing. I just have to convince them that beige and yellow might not be a winning colour scheme! Snarky Stephen phoned me up as well yesterday, basically begging me to take my job back. He said he'd pay me a lot more, but there's no way I'm ever stepping foot in that place again. If he needed me so much, he should have treated me nicer.
Mothy has calmed down a lot, and her coat is looking sleeker by the day. She still won't let me touch her, but I can at least enter the same room as her now without her running for cover. No wonder she's so nervous, given what the shelter said had happened to her – enough to traumatise anybody. But I have hopes she'll be a lap cat in no time! I checked the tenancy contract and it doesn't actually mention pets. It's not like Maureen ever checks up, anyway – and who knows, now we're both earning more, perhaps we will have a better place to live soon, one fit for a queen and her noble cat (and husband, if he's allowed).
I've only seen the Croydon crew once since you left, but they're all going strong as usual. Marcus is thinking of moving in with his weird new boyfriend already, and we're trying to persuade him not to. It'll end in tears! Maybe you can put a word in his ear when you're back. And Abby is still moaning about all her problematic housemates and their drunken parties, so we're trying to persuade her to move out. Don't move, do move - always complicated, isn't it!
Of course I'm fine with sticking to emails rather than phoning. Long distance phone calls are always awkward, you're right. It's quite nice, actually, writing things down. I used to write to my grandma like this when she was alive. It's a good nostalgic feeling. And it means we'll have a record to look back on when we're old and grey. So, in the spirit of putting things down in the permanent record, and because I'm feeling sentimental (but not creative enough to write a poem), here are some things I hope you bear in mind:
I love you, and plan to continue loving you always.
People talk about you behind your back. Usually saying how incredible you are.
I still don't know why you chose me, but I will make sure you never regret your decision.
Loving you always,
Jonah x


2026

Hey my love,
You must tell me: how did the move go?? Sorry I wasn't home to help. I'm sure the Croydon crew lent you a hand. It feels like it all happened so fast, but I'm so relieved it's over. You'll have to let me know what the new place is like – I mean properly like, not just what we saw from the estate agent! We are real adults now, with a mortgage and everything… It still doesn't feel real. Is Mothy coping? Don't let her run away, whatever you do.
It feels like a strange time here in Naples. There are boats arriving all the time, all packed with migrants from all over North Africa and the Middle East. It's hard to know whether they're fleeing the droughts, or the unrest, or something else entirely. The refugee camps on the edges of the town are expanding daily. There are lots of police about, but they all look like they're sleepwalking. I haven't seen any signs of trouble, although Bertram said he saw a fight, he thinks over religious differences. We can all feel the tension building in any case.
Bertram is finally opening up, after an entire year of rushing around the globe with him. He is not a very happy man. He told me his wife died a few years ago, and his kids don't speak to him either. I was thinking we could invite him round for dinner, once we're settled in the new place? It would be a kind gesture.
Anyway, back to the article. I am taking it as a sign of confidence in me that I was sent here, given the complexity of the situation. It's very flattering but it doesn't make the writing any easier! I heard that the Mafia was involved in migrant trafficking somehow, but I'm not sure I am brave enough to investigate that. Bertram suggested we focus on individual stories, but I feel the language barrier is too much. The crash courses in Arabic and Hebrew I took last winter are helping, but I've also heard Pashto, Berber, and several more I couldn't hope to recognise. There are so many languages bouncing about that it feels like hundreds of different stories are happening at once. Let me know if you have any bright ideas!
I'm going to reroute via Barcelona on the way back to check in on the parents. Just for a few days, so I hope you don't mind. My frequent flyer card means it won't cost me any extra. Mum and Dad are both fine, just finding all the unrest there a bit exhausting. It's no worse than it was when it was all taking off ten years ago, but I suppose they're older now and feel just that little bit more vulnerable. 
I meant to remind you: it's Abby's thirtieth this Saturday, and she is having drinks at The Crown up in Clapham. She's wanting to go out afterwards, but I think she might struggle to persuade the others! Haven't we all become so boring? Abby might be the oldest of our little gang but she's perhaps the only one that's managed to remain young at heart. I was thinking we could get her a pair of noise-cancelling headphones. You know how she still moans about her housemates. Can you order them please? It's difficult to get good WiFi here, too many people in the town I think!
We are visiting one of the larger refugee camps on the outskirts this evening. I am a little nervous, but I think if we are to pick up a good story anywhere, that will be the place to find it. Wish me luck!
Lots of love,
Maria x

My darling Maria,
Naples sounds like something else! I've had a mull over your article question, but to be honest I'm drawing a blank too. 'Migrant crisis' is such a meaningless phrase, isn't it? Maybe we used the word 'crisis' too early back in the 2010s, and it's lost all its power. A sort of boy-who-cried-wolf type issue.
Do stay safe at the camp. I bet it'll be a fascinating place, although hard-hitting too I would think. I find it so difficult to imagine what it would be like to leave behind everything familiar to you, in search of some totally uncertain 'better future' – what a gamble. It can only be borne out of desperation. Impossible to properly relate to, from our pampered Western existence.
The new place is all we hoped for! Waking up in the mornings and seeing the Thames right outside the window is so good for the soul. There was some kind of regatta going on yesterday morning – I sat on the balcony with my coffee and watched all these little white boats sail past. The only thing that could make it better is, of course, you being here too – but I don't have too long to wait. Marcus and his new boyfriend Jules gave me a hand with the move. Jules seems like a great guy, much better than the last one, but maybe I'm just biased because he lent me his van! Mothy seems to have taken to the place well. She was a little intimidated at first, but I woke up this morning to find her at the foot of the bed just like she would in the old place, so I think she'll be feeling right at home in no time at all.
Otherwise not much to report. Probably the most dramatic development is all the shops are clean out of hummus! Presumably it's linked to the droughts in the Middle East, not quite as life-changing for me as it is for the people that you are meeting, I'm sure. It did make my vegan efforts a little challenging though, and I must confess I bought a bit of cheese for my sandwiches. A little now and then doesn't hurt, right?!
No worries about swinging by Spain. Say hi to your parents for me. It's been a while since we've seen them. Plane prices are such a killer these days – you're very lucky you get it covered. Don't lose that gold mine! I might actually use the time to head up to Spalding and call in on my own folks. They're just pottering on, same as usual. Last I heard, they're thinking of buying a boat on the Norfolk broads.
Thanks for the reminder about Abby's birthday. Headphones sounds like a good practical present. I might supplement it with a box of chocolates or similar, something a bit more luxurious. I'll support her in her efforts to persuade the crew to hit the clubs, we're not old and boring yet!!
Do let me know how the camp visit goes. Stay safe.
Love,
Jonah x


2027
Hi love,
First of all, because it is fresh in my mind, you will never guess who I bumped into up here in Edinburgh! None other than Aunt Gloria, still just as dizzy as ever. She was visiting friends and then got caught out by the rise in cross-border rail prices after Scexit. She didn't think to buy tickets in advance. She should have seen it coming a mile away, honestly! She was quite glad to see me; she has trouble understanding the Scottish accent, so I think it was a relief to be able to return to Spanish for a while. I let her tag along with me while I went around interviewing politicians and lobbyists, and now she has drifted down to Durham to stay with an old friend. Do you think she will ever settle somewhere?
Edinburgh is pretty but it is bitterly cold here, the coldest for seventeen years according to the taxi driver. The cobbles are treacherously icy. I brought those purple gloves your parents gave me, but I had to buy another pair and wear both at once to keep warm! Michael is with me this time, as Bertram is down with the flu. Michael does not like the cold one bit, and nor does his camera, which is playing up big time. His last assignment was in Bermuda, which was undoubtedly a much more pleasant climate.
Funnily enough, the city is very normal at the moment. There isn't much to photograph, and all the politicians are just giving us the bland speeches they prepared two months ago. The independence referendum went exactly how everyone expected it to. There are reporters all over the place, mostly recording these thirty-second video bytes that all the big news outlets have started doing. I feel very old-fashioned trying to pen out another long-form article. To be honest, it felt old-fashioned even before I entered the industry, but the demand seems to still be there. I wonder who reads them?
What's new at home? Have you seen Christine's new baby yet? Isn't it funny how we lived next door to her and her husband for almost a year, and only realised when I caught the same Tube home with her! A reminder to not always talk shop with my colleagues. (Is that the right phrase?)
Do fill me in when you can! I want to hear all about that new project you had too.
Love,
Maria x


My lovely Maria,
Wow, it sounds chilly! If I'd thought about it, I would have lent you my ski gloves. They've only been gathering dust since Mum and Dad stopped skiing. I keep telling them they should look at other resorts – there are plenty still open, after all – but you know how they're so set in their ways. 
So strange that you would find Aunt Gloria, there of all places! I hope you let her know she's always welcome in the spare bedroom here if she needs it – although let's say a fortnight maximum, even though she's great I don't think I could cope with her humming for longer than that. I hope she finds some direction soon.
Only thing to report here is that Marcus and Jules lost their van in the floods. They stupidly parked it on that car park right by the river – near where we saw that lost dolphin one time, do you remember? The van is still there but the engine is destroyed. The rest of the Croydon lot and I were thinking about chipping in to get a new engine for them, but by God are they expensive. Bad thing about freelance work is no Christmas bonus, so just as skint as ever!
New project is fine, but a bit sketchy. It's for an investment company's annual report, and a mighty chunk of their pie chart is sunk in oil. You would never think it these days, but I suppose it still must be profitable. Anyway, the job pays well, so I can't really afford to turn it down.  I haven't told Abby – I don't think she'd approve. You know what an eco-warrior she is. But my vegan diet offsets it, right??
Everything else is just ticking along as per. I'm feeling a bit cooped up as I haven't been able to go running recently. The path by the river is still flooded, and everywhere else close by is so polluted it feels like it's doing me more harm than good. Maybe I'll have to finally relent and hit the gym!
Looking forward to seeing you home soonish. Even though you're much closer than most of your assignments, it still feels far away. Mothy misses you too.
Love,
Jonah x

2028

Hey honey,
How are you? It's funny to be back in Paris – did I tell you I went to the climate conference here in 2015? Thirteen years ago! My class had come up from Barcelona on a school trip. I was dating this boy Paolo at the time. I haven't told you about him, have I! I hope you're not jealous… To be honest, he was a bad kisser anyway, and not at all interested in French culture. The world has changed an awful lot since then.
Paris hasn't changed much. The traffic is just as bad, although electric vehicles have really taken off here, so the streets are not as smoggy as they used to be. 'Living walls' are in vogue in the trendier districts, too – whole apartment buildings covered in plants, they are quite something! I like them, but Bertram thinks they encourage too many pigeons. And Notre Dame remains impressive even though it is still covered in scaffolding. I was taking my Bachillerato exams when it burnt, it was huge news at the time; but the world has seen fire after fire since then, and this little one was forgotten so quickly.
There were plenty of journalists around back in 2015 but nothing compared to today. COP34 is meant to be a big one, or so they say. I don't want to be a pessimist but I already know what's going to happen: all these old grey-haired politicians will gather together, lament about what a terrible place the world has become, how we must do more to solve it, and then do nothing about it. They will get some 'motivational' speakers in – probably that woman that started the school strikes when she was a teenager, what is her name? It's the same every year. The whole thing feels like politics is in stasis, while the world changes around us.
It's not just journalists on the streets; there are activists everywhere, too. They look scarily organised! They have already been gluing themselves to the Eiffel Tower, to the banks, the government buildings. Yesterday they were marching huge effigies of politicians through the streets. Putin was there, Xi Jingpin, even our very own Ms Marchbank! They were going to burn them, but the gendarmes confiscated them straight away. Perhaps for the best – we don't need any more fire, after all.
I am sure the activists have something big planned for when the conference starts, but I don't know what. Every year it feels more and more like there will be violence. People are people, after all; it must be hard to be so angry, for so long, without lashing out. And most of the journalists are only goading them on, of course. It's a miracle that there hasn't been any bloodshed, in my opinion. I'll let you know what happens, but don't worry, I'll make sure that I don't get too caught up in it.
Do let me know how the job applications are going. Looking at the conference pack I have been given, I think the UN desperately needs a decent graphic designer. Have you considered applying there?? I'm joking of course, although you are rather good at what you do, so maybe it could be worth pursuing…
Jules messaged me the other day, asking if we could look after their new puppy while he and Marcus visit his family in the US. I said he should ask you – you wouldn't mind, would you? I don't know if Mothy would get on with it, but it can't do her any harm to be exposed to something new!
I've been invited to some sort of stakeholder dinner this evening. Sounds incredibly dull but the food should be good at least. Missing you always.
Love,
Maria x


My lovely Maria,
Sounds like there's a lot going on in Paris at the moment. I haven't been since I was a kid. You'll have to tell me more about this 'Paolo' guy at some point – sounds like I've got competition! You know, I never did understand why Paris was meant to a romantic city, I just thought it smelt bad and was full of crazy drivers. I doubt that's changed. On the subject of romance, that reminds me: we must get that Venice trip booked in. I know it's six months away, but the hotels book up so fast now that everyone knows its days are numbered. I'll send you some links to look at.
Glad you're planning on staying safe. Out of all the protestors you could choose to fraternise with, these are probably the least risky – but France doesn't have a great record when it comes to protests staying peaceful, so do watch out… I suppose that's what centuries of revolution does to a country! Also, did you know Abby is in the thick of it there? I saw a post in Instagram – she's in full rebel mode. Maybe drop her a line, I'm sure she'd love to see a familiar face (although I bet she'll try to rope you in to the protests)!
Sorry to hear you're not feeling optimistic about the conference. I'm not as in the loop as much as I should be, but I heard someone on the BBC say there are hopes they'll introduce a proper global carbon tax this year – does that look likely from where you are? Looking forward to reading your article, which I'm sure will cover it.
Regarding that puppy, he's chewing on my shoelaces as I write this. His name is Ferdinand and he is a menace. I'm booking in a carpet cleaner for before you get back – I'm sure you can guess the story there. But even though he's hard work, he is very sweet and I'm enjoying having him around. I can't say the same for Mothy – she won't come downstairs for love nor money at the moment. She has never been the most tolerant of cats!
Job applications are so-so. I still have a few freelance projects ticking away to tide me by. In fact, that investment company got back in touch – it's time for their next annual report. I don't know though, they're still very invested in oil, and I'm not sure my conscience can hack it this year. I was thinking I might write them a formal rejection and let them know the reasons why too. What do you reckon, is that a bit much? Would love your opinion.
All my love,
Jonah x

2029
Hi love,
It is HOT here. Dangerously hot. I'm in Mina City, not far at all from Mecca – tents as far as the eye can see, millions of pilgrims everywhere, and a few thousand struggling air conditioning units. It's the hottest it's ever been on record here. It's difficult to think straight. Sorry if this email isn't up to my usual standards! I'm staying in a big tent with about two dozen other journalists. We only have one air conditioning unit between us, and we're sweating buckets. I'm just hoping the water supplies last.
Nobody is travelling any further in the daytime. Even stepping outside feels like you're being roasted alive. I've heard several hundred pilgrims have died of heat exhaustion already. From my shamefully limited knowledge of Islam, I understand that this journey has to be undertaken by all Muslims at least once in their lives, but I just don't see how that will be possible as things get hotter and hotter. Could it become a nocturnal pilgrimage? The whole region is becoming depopulated, as crops are withering, aquifers are drying up, even cattle are collapsing. Will the whole area become a new 'dead zone'?
Sorry this is such a dramatic-sounding email. I'm going to have to wrap it up soon because my laptop is in danger of overheating. My phone is already fried, so you might not be able to call. Some journalists from Boston are talking about chartering a helicopter to take them to Riyadh, and I'm tempted to see if I can get a lift. It will be expensive, and this article won't get finished, but I just don't think I can stay here much longer. It's a shame, because I think it is so important to report on this sort of thing.
Send my love to all the London lot. Hoping I'll be back home soon.
Love,
Maria x

My wonderful Maria,
Are you alright??? I tried phoning but couldn't get through to you. Get out of there soon please, I agree it doesn't sound worth it, not one bit. If that air con packs up or the water runs out, you'll be in real trouble! 
Call me as soon as you can please. I love you.
Love,
Jonah x

2030
Hey lovely,
So, I finally met Ricardo Montoya yesterday! To be honest, I wasn't very impressed with him. I suppose I expected more from a billionaire, but he just seemed conceited and even a little dense. He did, however, serve me some very nice wine. It was a 2017 South African vintage, apparently the last good year the country had.
Anyway, why am I talking about the wine? I should be telling you about his project. He's got this grand idea to solve climate change all at once. I still need to fact-check this with his PR brigade, but here's the premise: he wants to build gigantic hot air balloons, float them from really long tethers, and use them to pump vast quantities of sulphates into the atmosphere. The particles will reflect sunlight back into space before it reaches the ground and therefore stop global warming in its tracks. Crazy!
It did get me thinking why nobody has done this before. I looked it up online after the interview and it actually sounds very risky. For one thing, it could destroy the monsoon season for places like India and west Africa, and upset a lot of other weather patterns besides. It wouldn't tackle ocean acidification, so there would be no chance of ever getting any coral reefs back. It also means that if we start, we would have to keep doing it forever; if we stopped, the prevented warming effect would hit all at once, which would be catastrophic.
I've managed to book in another interview with him for a few days' time, where I'll ask him about this. The thing is, I'm not sure anybody could actually stop him doing this if he decided to go ahead anyway. The rich and powerful do what they like, right? Should be a good scoop, anyway, and Michael has already got some great snaps. I know Fred at HQ is pleased, so hopefully there will be a nice commission coming up.
Sorry for that info dump – the more I learn about this sort of thing, the more interesting (and scary!) it becomes. LA is basically what I expected. Lots of palm trees, lots of very tanned people with very white teeth, lots of gigantic water cannons around the city. The fires haven't been so bad here the last few years, but I think the cannons make people feel a lot safer regardless.
Do you have any news? Has Emma got any less controlling at work? What's your new intern like? I want to hear everything, as always.
Love,
Maria x

My darling Maria,
Ricardo sounds like a right arse, and a dangerous one too. I'm always suspicious of billionaires. Nobody can make that much money without doing some downright shady things. You know he made his fortune in fracking tech? Such a hypocrite.
His climate engineering idea is intriguing. I don't think he's the first to have it, but maybe the first with the means to make it a reality. Do you really think nobody could stop him? Aren't there laws in place to prevent people interfering with the global climate? As I write that I realise how silly it sounds – that's what fossil fuel companies have been doing for years, after all. At least they're finally getting taxed, but it's still not enough in my opinion.
Emma is just the same. The power's really gone to her head since the promotion. Even though I'm still the newbie, I'm already feeling a bit sick of the place. No matter how 'trendy' and 'vibey' you can make the office, with beanbags and mood lighting and all that rubbish, it's still a mediocre marketing consultancy. 
New intern is great, though, and very switched-on. She was busy adjusting the website code on the first day, and I must say it does look better! On the downside, she makes terrible coffee, although I guess that's not her fault – it's so expensive and difficult to come by these days, young people just don't bother with it. Look at me, saying 'young people' like we're ancient! That does remind me though – book off 1st – 12th July if you can, I have a surprise for your 30th...
In other news, my parents have had some unwelcome news. They found out last week the predicted selling price of their house has suddenly halved. Turns out that the Environment Agency has released new projections on sea level rise, and the whole of Spalding is due to be flooded within seven years. Their insurance has gone through the roof too. Do you remember when we said they should think about moving back in 2027, during the Fen floods? If only they had! Dad says they are now going to sell up at the first opportunity before the price drops any further. They'll have to downgrade – that place they were thinking about in Derbyshire is now well out of their budget. Really sucks, but not sure there's much to be done about it.
On a positive note, Marcus and Jules' adoption process has finally come through! The kid's called Jordan and is 8 years old, should be moving in before the end of the month. That'll be a shock to their way of life, but I have no doubt they'll be great parents.
That's all for now. Let me know how the second interview goes – and see if you can nab a bottle of that wine…
Love,
Jonah x

2031
Hi my love,
Just a quick email to set your mind at rest, as I expect you have seen the news. I'm fine and safe. Bertram and I are staying quite far out of the city on Long Island and the hurricane only brushed past us. The windows shook a bit and there were umbrellas and sheets of corrugated iron blowing down the street, but nothing more. Manhattan and Brooklyn are by far the worst areas affected. Have you seen that picture of the Statue of Liberty, with the spike on her headpiece all bent over? It would almost be comical if the situation wasn't so dramatic. Bertram has some great pics, along with every single New Yorker with a camera, of course. Straight out a disaster movie.
Anyway, as you've probably guessed, that World Economic Forum event I was scheduled to interview at has been cancelled. But, as we're here, Fred says we should just write a piece on the hurricane instead. All flights are grounded, which means we can't get home at the moment, but also means no other journalists can get in; so it might actually be quite a unique feature we come up with. 
Also, my parents said they sent a parcel to us from Barcelona last week. Has it arrived? The last one they sent never made it. I swear the international postal service is getting less and less reliable.
One more thing: I have something to tell you, something good. I would like to break tradition and hear your voice, rather than say it over email. Call me when you can?
Love,
Maria x

My gorgeous, wonderful Maria,
Wow. I'm still in shock! I know I wasn't very coherent on the phone, so let me put what I want to say here too, hopefully in better English.
I'm thrilled, I'm over the moon. I just know you will be the most excellent mother, and I hope I will make a passable father too. I'm so looking forward to our future together, to having a proper family, to decades and decades of love and happiness. I'm so glad I have you, and can't wait to welcome our new addition.
Everything else seems trivial now, but I will give you my news too as promised. The parcel arrived just fine. It's a load of your childhood diaries, from way back when you lived in Madrid. And don't worry, I haven't pried – not that I could if I wanted to, given they're all in Spanish! I would love to visit your childhood home someday soon.
I'll wait till you're home before breaking the big news to the Croydon crew. I just know they'll be thrilled. I might tell my parents, though, if I may. I'm visiting their new flat in Reading soon. I'm so excited!!
So much love,
Jonah xxx

2032
Hey love,
Hope you're enjoying Bristol. Are they giving you time to explore the city, or are you just stuck in meetings all day? The forecast there is very rainy – have you seen any sun?
All is fine here at home. Bella has finally started sleeping through the night, so I'm feeling less exhausted than I was when you left. Mothy, however, is driving me mad. She's taken to peeing in corners all over the house. Do you think it's a territorial thing? Maybe she feels threatened by the baby?
All the crew have been drifting in and out, keeping me company while you're away, so I haven't been lonely at all. Even Bertram dropped by the other day, with his camera round his neck as usual. I think he feels naked without it! He took some beautiful pictures of Bella; I have attached some for you to look at. He and Joanna have just left for Kashmir to report on the war there, then trekking overground down to Kerala to investigate the famine. Seems the whole of India is really suffering at the moment, one way or another. Part of me wishes I was there, but then another part of me feels I have seen so much suffering recently, maybe a break from it all is good for me. Just having Bella here is enough to make all my decisions seem worth it.
I also went on a walk through the park with Abby yesterday. She is having a tough time, very depressed, but her new medication is helping. I know she had only been dating that guy for a few months, but he obviously left a deep impression. I never liked him that much.
Nothing much else interesting to report. Bella's smiles are getting more and more frequent. I know every parent thinks their baby is the best, but ours really is just about perfect, don't you think? Even scientists would agree, surely.
It's strange emailing from the other side, with you out and about, and me stuck at home. It makes me want to hear your news even more!
Love,
Maria x

My lovely Maria,
Isn't it funny, us swapped round for a little while! Although Bristol isn't exactly as exotic as most of the places you end up. I have no doubt that Bella is, objectively speaking, the best baby in the world. It must be something to do with her wonderful mother.
I don't have much insight about Mothy, I'm afraid, although a quick Google suggests you might be right about the territoriality thing. Maybe ask the vet? You can get special scents that calm them down, I think. Maybe that would help.
Do send my love to Abby. She hasn't had much luck recently. Maybe invite her round for a movie night or something? She likes those artsy French films from the 2010s.
Bristol is, as you predict, extremely rainy. The drains barely seem to cope. Did you hear the airport here shut down for good recently? All those taxes Ms Marchbank's government has put on the airline companies must have finally done them in. Apparently Luton Airport is next – that's where Roy from uni works, do you remember him? Strange bloke.
Despite that, Asaf and I are managing to have a good time here. The meetings have all gone as expected, and we have found some interesting things to do in the evenings. Asaf doesn't drink, of course, but actually that means I've broadened my horizons a bit. Yesterday we went to the opera, can you believe! I didn't understand any of it, but I was impressed by the high notes nonetheless. That makes me a man of culture, right?
I might have to stay here a little longer than planned, actually. The rain has flooded a rail tunnel in Gloucestershire somewhere, so trains aren't running at all. Plus the A5 is waterlogged too, so as far as I can tell the only way back to London is some convoluted route up through Oxfordshire. There are a few coaches running, but the prices are ridiculous and the journey would take most of a day. Might just hang tight till it all gets sorted out!
Bertram's pictures are perfect. So lovely to hear Bella is doing great. I miss her so much (and you too, of course), even though I've barely been away a week. Send more pictures?
With all my love from the West Country,
Jonah x

2033
Hi love,
Brussels is mad! You've probably seen it on the news. I barely got into the European Commission building unscathed. I feel like my journalist pass is more valuable than my passport here. I at least feel physically safe surrounded by politicians and bureaucrats, even if their conversations are terrifying. 
Yesterday I was spat at by some thugs on the street. They heard me speaking Spanish to my parents on the phone. We are so isolated from that sort of thing in London. It's years since I have had a full-on racist encounter, not since Brexit. Bertram was all for starting a fight with them, but I pulled him away. In light of the incident, Fred is sending Michael out too, for extra support – my two 'protectors'! Ridiculous, I know.
Anyway, now the EU is falling apart, emotions are running high. There are pro- and anti-EU 'camps' all across the city, some of them with barricades built out of chairs and traffic cones and other random things. There has been violence too, and the leaders aren't helping. The new French President is just fuelling the fire, at loggerheads with the German Chancellor. In honesty, it feels like a relief that the UK dealt with this back in 2020, although I feel this might never have happened without Brexit to start things off.
The article is writing itself, anyhow. I have talked with MEPs, bureaucrats and leaders of both the campaign groups. I am trying to write a balanced article, but to be honest almost every political decision seems to be taking place on emotion alone. The 'serious' things, like the economy, and environmental defence, are scarcely talked about. But there are plenty of personal stories that are very gripping, and probably make for a more compelling article anyway.
By the way, did you know Bertram and Joanna have been engaged for two months?? He broke the news to me only yesterday! Honestly, you would think he would tell me things sooner, considering how much we have travelled together, but he's always been a closed book! I'm very happy for them. They are so well suited to each other.
How is Bella doing? Has she learnt any more new words? I got your voice note from her, it made my heart melt! Tell her I love her lots and lots. And how is your father doing, too? I'm thinking of him, and your mother. It must be a difficult time.
Love,
Maria x

My gorgeous Maria,
Stay safe! It doesn't sound like a friendly place there at all at the moment. I can't help but worry what will become of Europe next. It sounds so silly, but do you think we need to worry about getting invaded? It doesn't seem like diplomacy counts for much anymore.
Even though the whole thing is theoretically nothing to do with us, that hasn't stopped Ms Marchbank peddling her own views everywhere. There are plenty of Union Jacks around, even here in London. Asaf got shouted at in a pub the other day – told to 'go back to where he came from'. (Which is Islington, by the way!)
Bella is doing just fine, and is expanding her vocabulary daily. We found a book of African animals the other day, so she now knows 'lion', 'elephant', even 'wildebeest', which I thought was pretty impressive. I was thinking we should take her to the zoo, soon. Whipsnade still has rhinos, some of the last in the world – worth a visit?
Dad is doing okay. The chemo is really taking it out of him, and is making a huge dent in his pension too – and to think it would have been free only a few years ago. Mum is doing her best to support him, but her hip has started giving her real trouble recently. I suggested they get a carer to drop by every week or so, but you can imagine how that went down. If only the spare room here wasn't up two flights of stairs, I would suggest they move in for a while. I'll pay them a visit once you're back.
Some other bad news too, I'm afraid. Mothy is barely eating and isn't herself at all. I took her to the vets and they say it's age-related kidney failure. She's got some medication but it only improves her prospects by a few months, so we might be saying goodbye quite soon. Call me if you want to talk about it?
All my love,
Jonah x

2034
Hi love,
As promised, the first physical letter I have written in over a decade! Do you like my handwriting? I hope this reaches you in time – the Californian postal service is stretched to the max, as you might imagine. The floods hardly even seemed that dramatic, until the internet suddenly shut down across the entire city. Then there was panic in the streets!
I know everyone is saying the same thing, but you really don't realise how much you use the internet until it's gone. If there's one thing I have learned about San Francisco, however, it's that it is resilient. People here have really learned how to adapt in recent years. In the last two days, sales of old-fashioned mobile phones have gone through the roof. Couriers are running around the city everywhere with printed documents. Entire districts have turned into cash-lending enterprises, charging extortionate rates of interest, naturally.
Of course, the internet hasn't gone completely. There's still satellite signal, but now that every device in the city is trying to connect to it, it's all getting blocked up and going at a snail's pace. Plus it's not just the cables that have been damaged, it's a whole bunch of servers, too. I don't know the details (nobody does yet!) but I hear the impacts might affect people all across the world. What have you heard about it?
I am writing this in a crowded bar. Nobody is on their phone; they're either talking, or watching the cable TV in the corner. It's strange! As you can probably guess, I've had to abandon the article; all the Silicon Valley executives are running around like headless chickens, and an interview with me must be the last thing on their minds. I am going to leave the city tomorrow and head upstate until my return flight is due, assuming they get the airport back in order soon. Somehow, road transport still going on as normal. Most of the traffic lights are being operated by hand or on some sort of short-range frequency. In any case, I have my paper bus ticket ready, so nothing can stop me!
As for me, I'm not so badly affected. I don't mind not being able to browse social media; the main problem is I can't access my bank account, not unless I spend half the day waiting in a queue at the bank. Fortunately, I had taken out fifty dollars cash and had prepaid the hotel, so I have had enough to get by for a day or two if I eat cheaply. There are plenty of people that have not been so lucky. There have been a few riots, mostly about money, but I have steered clear. Not worth getting involved.
I had word from my parents in Barcelona before the internet outage – the city hit 'Day Zero' last week. Their main desalination plant malfunctioned, so the city is now importing fresh water from France at huge expense. All the new border controls are only exacerbating things. The world really is falling apart, isn't it?
Feel free to reply by email. I should have internet back this time tomorrow, with any luck. In fact, I expect I will have sent you a message before this letter reaches you!
Love,
Maria x	

Hi my lovely Maria,
Just got your letter! Thanks for the email note too – good to know you're back in the land of the connected. The news reports are disturbing; we really have put all our eggs in one basket when it comes to internet, haven't we? It sounds like it'll be a real challenge for the tech bods to recover the data stored on those servers. And although it was San Fran's Wi-Fi that went down, the data loss is spread pretty evenly – just whatever happened to be on the servers at the time of the flood. I've checked our photos in the Cloud, just in case, and they're all still there. Those Venice ones in particular I cherish, and our wedding photos too (almost a decade ago, can you believe it?). I've backed everything up onto a hard drive, which I should have done years ago really.
As far as I can tell most people here haven't been affected. Marcus said Jordan lost his Robocraft account, which apparently is a big deal if you're twelve, but other than that life goes on as normal. But it does shake things up a bit, something like that, doesn't it? It reminds everybody just how flimsy our societal supports can be.
Hope your parents are doing OK. They got in touch with me, actually, when they heard about the SF outage, seeing if I'd heard from you. Obviously, I couldn't tell them much at the time, other than reassure them. It was a bit difficult to interpret their email – I feel like your mum's English is getting worse again. Could it be an age thing? They always seem so switched on when we video call.
My parents have also been affected by the Spain thing. Dad's had to ration his meds – the pharmaceutical company that makes them is based in Spain. Because water prices have gone up, so have the medicine prices, and the Reading hospital has raised their fees accordingly. He just can't afford it – but half doses don't really cut it with cancer. I think we should chip in, but wanted to get your take on it first.
In better news, our darling daughter is doing great, although of course she misses you. We called in on Marcus and Jules last week and she absolutely adored Ferdinand – although I'm not sure the feeling was mutual, there was a lot of tail pulling! Do you think we should get a new pet soon, now that Mothy's been gone a while, or would that be too much work? M and J both fine, by the way, just getting stressed by wedding planning as you might imagine.
Bella says she'd like to talk to you and show you some art she's done – maybe video call if the connection is strong enough?
Love,
Jonah


2035
Hi love,
I'm writing this from a train zipping through the Polish countryside. The views are magnificent! I must admit it beats flying, even if it takes five times as long. I thought I would envy Bertram and Joanna, who are currently jetting off to Japan to report on the country's data tech takeover bid, but actually I can't complain. Do you remember me mentioning a couple of years ago, predicting that Fred would start rationing the company's flights soon? It took him longer than I expected.
I don't know what to expect in Moscow really. The main story for Russia is the new 'corn belt' that has sprung up in Siberia in recent years, which I have heard is really bringing in the cash, especially now so many countries near the equator are struggling to grow anything much. And that is on top of all the new shipping corridors that have opened up in the Arctic. What that has meant for quality of life in the cities, it's hard to see the truth through all the propaganda. Then, of course, there's this upcoming moon mission as well, which I suppose ties in with the whole newfound affluence story. I wonder what this means for global power balance, especially since the US has been suffering so much recently?
I'm a little worried about Michael. He's sitting opposite me at the moment, looking very glum. He comes from a Welsh farming family and all the government cuts have hit them hard. I don't know what to say; the huge agriculture subsidies have just depleted soils across the UK, as far as I can see, so maybe it's for the best in the long term? Obviously, I can't say that to him, though.
How are your parents settling in? Has your mum got used to the stairlift? It was a pain getting it installed, so I hope she appreciates it. And they had better be doing their share of the cooking too! I am sure Bella loves having them around, though. They do dote on her, far more than my parents ever have. And have you asked for a pay rise yet? We really could do with it.
I know this is a long trip, but I'll be thinking of you all as always.
Love,
Maria x

My gorgeous Maria,
You must be seeing a fair bit of Europe! I've never gone further east than Germany, and I must say I regret it – it would have been so easy to travel around when I was younger, when the world was safer and more connected. Having had a quick look at flight prices I can see why Fred sent you by rail. Looks like Moscow is putting huge tariffs on flights – I guess they don't need tourist income so much anymore!
I was watching a load of videos about geopolitics the other day, actually. You probably know all this but I learnt a lot, so I'm going to write it anyway! Interestingly, it looks like Canada could replace the US any year now as the top 'Western' power. They've been benefitting just like Russia: better agricultural conditions, new Arctic sea routes, all the rest of it. Their population is also exploding, mostly due to immigration from the US as the seaboard states have started to empty, but that seems to actually be doing favours for their economy. Elsewhere, China's economy has stagnated, slightly linked to the collapse of the EU and the USA's withdrawal of trade agreements, but mostly down to crop failures. Isn't it strange how you never seem to see any of this on the regular news sites! 
Mum and Dad are fine, although already getting on my nerves a little bit. It's not a big house for five people – I hope they can find somewhere else soon. The doctors say the cancer is regressing, which is a good sign for Dad's health and our wallets, but that's what they said last year too. Mum is spending a lot of time on the balcony, I think just to escape from it all. She's been watching all the barges going by, carrying the repairs for the Thames Barrier downstream ready for the next storm season. The river has got very noisy lately, not the peaceful stretch it was when we first moved in!
As you predict, Bella is loving having them around. It's nice to not have to worry about babysitters if I get home from work late. She's still enjoying school, too, and her teacher seems very sweet. She is starting to get a bit sassy, however – talking back all the time! I wonder where she gets that from…
And no, I haven't asked yet about the pay rise. It's not a good time. Work is thin on the ground and Emma is on the rampage. Hopefully it'll pick up soon.
Love,
Jonah x

2036
Hey my love,
I've finally made it to Davos! The beginning of the journey was a nightmare. As you probably heard, there were rail strikes across France, but with a little bluffing Bertram and I managed to get seats on the only train leaving Paris for a week. Once we passed through passport control at the Swiss border things got a lot smoother, with some stunning views of the Alps. Bertram commented that I was quite subdued in the train; I think the scenery reminded me of the Dignitas trip.
Davos is something else. The town is a montane paradise, nestled amongst snow-capped peaks. There hasn't been snow in the actual town for a few years ago, but I used a free day to take a hike up past the treeline and feel the fresh snowfall crunch beneath my feet. We must take Bella somewhere with snow soon. They still get it up in the Scottish Highlands. A little family adventure?
Of course, the people here at the moment aren't quite so agreeable. Security is ultra-tight after the Ricardo Montoya assassination last year, and it's getting quite tiresome having my journalist wrist chip scanned at every street corner. The conferences themselves have shown a little more movement than usual; surprisingly, the new US President is driving the circular economy talks, presumably provoked by the Midwest's New Dust Bowl. So who knows, maybe there will be some proper action at last!
I hope everything at home is alright. How is your mother? Please give her all my love – I hate to leave you all at a time like this. I know that sort of thing never quite heals, but the passage of time helps. I had a friend at school who committed suicide – I know it's not the same thing – but I felt guilty about it for months; but looking back on it there was nothing I could have done. I'm glad it wasn't like that with your father. I thought the euthanasia clinic was so sensitive about it all, and it was so painless in the end. He probably spared himself a lot of suffering.
The forecast says you're in for some more bad weather soon. Storm Mike, they're calling it. Make sure to get the furniture in from the balcony. Bella's new purple wellies are under the stairs if you need them.
Love,
Maria x

Maria
I should have phoned but I can't bring myself to. I'm so sorry. The storm surge broke through the Barrier when Bella and I were on the way to the shops. She was swept out to sea. Our darling daughter is gone.
Come home please.
Jonah

2037
Hi Jonah
It feels like a while since we've talked, so I just thought I'd let you know how I'm doing. You don't have to reply if you don't want to.
Birmingham is quite a nice place to live, although extremely crowded. Every second person you meet here is an ex-Londoner. The council is building new flats all around the edge of the city at an insane rate, and it's still not fast enough to cope with the exodus. I got lucky getting an apartment at all.
I'm working more than ever, but that is good for me at the moment. Mostly editing other people's articles these days, although I'm getting the itch to go travelling again. I'm hoping Fred will pull some strings and get me an assignment, although the profit margins for international articles are getting ever smaller.
Bertram has been in Russia for a few months, holed up in St Petersburg, I think. It sounds like a sensible place to be – I've heard of journalists being killed near the frontline in Romania and Poland. You know his family is German? They're all very worried, as you might imagine, but word from Moscow is that the invasion will stop once they've reclaimed most of the ex-Soviet bloc. Nobody knows whether that includes the old East Germany… UK-Russia trade is going on as normal, which sounds like madness, but looking at the figures I think we would all starve if it stopped.
Anyway, you're probably not very interested in global politics at the moment. I'm not either, really, I'm just avoiding writing about the things that should be written.
Every day without her still feels so painful, I can't deny it, but less sharply than it used to. Exercise helps. I've joined a yoga class with Joanna and Christine. They are being very supportive. But it is still difficult to see light at the end of all this.
I hope you're doing OK too. Are the Croydon crew looking after you? I heard some of your news from Abby the other day, but it would be nice to hear directly from you, if you feel up to it. Please remember I don't blame you for what happened. I am sorry if it ever seemed like I did. I know, at the time, I said some things to you I now regret. Let's meet up soon?
Maria

Hi Maria,
Sorry I've taken a while to reply. Good to hear you're doing well. I'm glad you've landed on your feet in a new city. Send my best to Bertram and the rest.
As Abby probably told you, we've all ended up at one of these new housing co-operatives up on the high ground at Hampstead Heath. It's a strange living situation, but we're making it work. My housemates are as follows: Abby, Marcus, Jules, Jordan, Mum, Marcus's brothers, Abby's parents, Abby's passive-aggressive new boyfriend, two of Jules' mates from school, and Ferdinand the dog. It's sort of like being back at university, but far more bizarre, especially as most of us are in our mid-thirties now. I suppose it's nice that I've ended up with most of my nearest and dearest, save for one important person. Speaking to my colleagues, it sounds like this return to community living not such an uncommon circumstance. People remember what's most important to them in times of crisis, after all.
My company has essentially been subsumed by the civil service these days. As far as I can tell, we're mostly designing propaganda. All sorts of leaflets about reporting suspected immigration, benefits fraud or excessive water usage, that sort of thing. Troubling, I know, but graphic design work is so hard to come by these days we just get what we can.
I think about Bella every day, too, although sometimes I wish I didn't. Even though I'm surrounded by people, I still feel sort of empty. I've been going to therapy when I can get it, but demand is still through the roof and I just don't have the funds since we lost the house. I don't know if it helps anyway. Just reliving that moment her little hand slipped from mine, time and time again – it's awful. I know you don't blame me, but I do. How could I not?
I'm finding it difficult to write this, so I'll wrap up now. I will be in Birmingham in two weeks' time, visiting our project overseers in New Westminster. It would be nice to see you.
Jonah x

2038
Hi my love,
How are you? I'm feeling rough, picked up some kind of bug from the swamps. I'm just writing up my article from the hotel bed, and Bertram has headed into the Everglades to get some more pictures. Did you know he's an accomplished scuba diver? I had no idea until he did the photos for that Marshall Islands article last year. Sunken civilisations are a new specialty for him, it seems!
 Miami Beach was an experience I won't forget. A hovercraft took us down the streets – I could still see the road surface beneath us, only a couple of feet of water down. You know, it reminded me of Venice a little. All the streetlights sticking above the water, like those old gondola mooring posts.
You can still go in a couple of the buildings, even that hotel they short-sightedly built only ten years ago. The hovercraft comes with a couple of heavily armed guards, who accompany you everywhere. There are lots of people living here it seems, and you see signs of them everywhere: rowboats tied to railings, fishing rods in doorways, campfires high up in the skyscrapers. Not many of the original inhabitants – they could mostly afford to move inland – but squatters from all over, or so I'm told. Despite all the signs, the whole place is eerily quiet. I didn't see a soul other than the people on our boat.
A lot of it is also being reclaimed by nature already, which I had not expected to happen so fast. Mangroves have taken root along what was the main stretch of beach. There are egrets roosting in old drainpipes, and shoals of fish darting over the tarmac. We even saw an alligator lurking inside a flooded shop. It's sort of beautiful, in a sad kind of way.
There were mosquitoes everywhere too, and I think that's how I picked up whatever disease I've caught. I've been feverish for a few days, very nauseous, but now I think the worst of it has passed. I expect I'll be feeling fine by the time I get back on the plane.
Do you remember, when we were growing up, when things like this seemed inconceivable? Now it's unavoidable. Every coastline is peppered with ghost towns, every city full of migrants fleeing drought, wildfires and epidemics. Is this our fault – or our parents' fault, or their parents' fault? I remember when human suffering seemed something distant, something you looked at from afar. I don't even know who to blame. I can't feel anger anymore, just a deep, deep sadness.
Anyway.
What's new with you? Any luck finding a Birmingham-based job? It's difficult only seeing you every few weeks, but I can't go back to London. I hope you understand.
Love,
Maria x

My Maria,
How I've missed your letters. 
I hope you're feeling better soon – nothing serious, I hope. I don't want to worry you, but there have been a fair few malaria cases in Florida in recent years. Do get yourself checked out if it gets any worse.
I wish I had something insightful to say about the state of the world. These days I just feel resigned to it all. It's my personal survival strategy. Is it really worth reflecting on the mistakes of the past? I somehow doubt it will lead us anywhere new. We struggle onwards, just like we have always done. I suppose that's something people are good at. We live through the mess we have created for ourselves with gritted teeth.
That's enough rumination for one day. I'm fascinated to hear about your travels! I've seen so many photos of Miami Beach, but being there in person must be something else. Your descriptions are also beautiful – as they always are, but these seem especially thoughtful. I'm glad to hear the squatters didn't give you any trouble – it's not a place to go alone, I've heard. And I'm relieved the alligators didn't get you either!
London is gradually filling up again, mostly with bright-eyed twenty-somethings fresh out of university. The barrier is fully repaired and refortified now, and the government is saying there is no risk of further flooding. All the ministers have stayed up in Birmingham, however, which makes me a little sceptical. They say it's because the Houses of Parliament are so damaged which, having wandered down there recently, I can say is certainly true.
It was last weekend I was there – I walked through central London along the river, all the way from Vauxhall to what's left of Tower Bridge. It's an odd time in the city. I'm not sure it'll ever be quite the same again. There were lots of people out, although fewer tourists than before, and plenty of cyclists too. Now they've banned cars from the centre the streets are just populated with electric double-decker buses. They glide around so quietly, it makes the whole city seem hushed. You can even hear the birds singing from Trafalgar Square. I've been using the bus a fair bit, since it doesn't look like the Tube is going to reopen any time soon. It's nice that life has slowed down here, everyone seems a bit more aware of their surroundings. Maybe the only good thing that has come out of this.
Our old house is back on the market too. They've repaired the flood damage – 'good as new', the estate agent's advert said. I haven't looked round, or even gone anywhere near our old neighbourhood, actually. I'm not sure I ever will. The co-op is still going fine, various people moving in and out, but we've established a nice routine. We've just collected a wonderful crop of courgettes from the rooftop garden.
No luck on the job front yet. Emma is letting me work from home a lot, which is nice as I can look after Mum a bit better. We need to have a proper talk about whether she comes too when I move up to Birmingham. Let's chat when you get back?
Love, 
Jonah x

2039
Good morning my love,
I heard about the new rationing system, has it all been working out? I'll try and bring back a few bits of food from Shanghai, although I expect you'll tell me that things aren't that desperate. You know what the media is like, exaggerating everything. And don't worry about replying to this email if the Wi-Fi is limited too. I can wait till I'm home – flying back on a plane, no less! Fred said the tickets cost an absolute fortune, so we have to make this article a good one.
Things are as crazy here as you might imagine. Now that China has called off the invasion of India, all the troops are being transported up north as fast as possible. Russia has troops all along the Chinese border, in Mongolia and Kazakhstan as well as Russia itself. China was hit almost as badly as India by the spates of droughts, erratic monsoons and storms we've seen in the past few years. I think this is as much to blame for the country's sudden weakening as the collapse of trade with the US and Europe. That, and Russia is feeling confident after all its successful invasions.
Most of this passes by Shanghai, and life here goes on more or less as normal. The only signs I can see are all the recruitment drives, and the eerie lack of young men. There is much, much less air pollution than there was when I was here fourteen years ago. The roads are taken up by electric trams, rickshaws and the odd personal electric vehicle, with no diesel fumes anywhere in sight. Most of the factories on the outskirts have also shut down as China's industrial age comes to an end.
Fred is talking about moving me and Bertram up to the frontlines, but we're very sceptical. Neither of us have ever been war correspondents and nor do we wish to be. I'm far more comfortable interviewing politicians and other miscellaneous officials, although my journalist pass doesn't get me very far here. I'll let you know if we move, in any case.
So great to hear the Croydon crew will be paying us a visit up north. Make sure they all bring sleeping bags, as I expect all the hotels will be booked out at such short notice. We can fit them all in the living room, just about. And Jordan is welcome too of course.
On the subject of children… Let's try again soon? It will never completely heal, what happened to Bella, but we can't let it hold us back. We're still young enough, just about. The worst thing that could have happened to us happened, and we're still here. I still have you. You still have me. I miss her every day, believe me, but the pain inside me feels duller than it used to. I really love you, and I still want a proper family with you.
Love,
Maria x

My lovely Maria,
Don't go to the frontlines, whatever you do! I saw the news when I woke up this morning. Thousands dead already since fighting broke out, it said, mostly civilians. And Europe and the US are doing nothing about it! But maybe that's wise… It's definitely out of your job description to put yourself in that kind of danger. Stay safe in Shanghai, won't you?
The ration system is okay. I actually might prefer it – now all the prices are standardised at least, which beats having to pay through the nose just to get a fresh aubergine. There's enough every day for three decent meals, never much to spare but that's probably good for me – slows down that middle-age spread. It does make me miss the community garden a little – although don't worry, the benefits of living with you again outweigh the costs by a mile! And the energy rationing is fine, too. I guess things might be different when winter comes around, but currently we get enough to light the place, to use the oven once a day, and even to catch up on emails. The days of streaming TV might be over, but it has meant I've finally got started on making a dent in my reading list. Mum was complaining she couldn't watch that awful sitcom she likes, but I got her a big book of sudoku and that seems to have helped pacify her.
Yes, the whole Croydon lot will be getting here the same day you get back – what a welcome return that'll be for you! It'll be nice to show them the city, and maybe we can see if we can persuade any of them to move up here.
Jordan's actually just turned eighteen, so none of that 'on the subject of children'. But on a serious note, I think we need to have a good talk when you get back. I don't know if the pain has got any less for me. I've just got better at not giving in to it. But that doesn't mean I've healed.
And then on top of that I look at the world outside, on the news, and I'm just not sure it's the right sort of place to bring children into anymore. We're being rationed, for God's sake. I couldn't lose another. I don't think I can take that chance.
Sorry, this isn't the place for this sort of discussion. Let's talk about it when we're together. I do love you, just as much as ever.
Jonah x

2040
Hi my love,
It doesn't look like I'll be able to get back home anytime soon. The UK Embassy has closed down, and the queues at the immigration office are getting longer every day. This morning I woke up at 4am, and by the time I got there the queue was already out the door. The heat is ridiculous – I remembered to bring a bottle of water, but I saw several people faint. I got to the desk after six hours, explained about the stolen passport, and was immediately told to go stand in a different queue. Then I was given some nonsense explanation that because I was born in Spain, I am a 'Spanish citizen' and the UK wouldn't let me in. I showed him my passport, but he didn't seem to care. What can I do?? 
Water deliveries are still going ahead for the time being. It's being trucked in from France as per usual, but with all the troubles on the border it's uncertain how long it'll continue. I have noticed guards appearing anywhere that sells it, even little corner shops. I have talked to Mum and Dad about moving for a while, but where would we go? The border is a nightmare, and the Mediterranean is full of pirates. Barcelona, as troubled as it may be, is a relative safe haven. We have food, after all, as long as you're not fussy about what you eat.
Anyway, don't despair. I'm sure we will be reunited soon. Mum and Dad are both OK in their doddery way. The air conditioning in their house is still working by some miracle, so the kitchen is usually full of neighbours trying to escape the heat.
Internet access is sporadic, so I'm going to send this now while I can. Just remember I'm thinking of you.
Love,
Maria x

My darling Maria,
I have been to all the relevant offices trying to see if they can help you, and just like you have ended up in a web of bureaucracy. I don't think border controls have ever been this tight. Everybody is cancelling their foreign holidays – those that could afford them in the first place – just in case they can't get back in. I can't even tell if this is government policy or not – there's nothing in the news about it.
We have enough water here, although I hear parts of the south of England are suffering. Food is also continuing to trickle in, especially now that new Russian trade deal has finally come through. We send them troops in return for bread, can you believe it! The next storm is due any day: all the Croydon crew are back up here, just in case the barrier breaks again. The authorities say there's no chance, but it's better to be safe than sorry. Plus, it's great to see them all again.
I am coming up with a plan to get you out of Barcelona. Abby has agreed to look after Mum for a while, so I'm going to come down and get you. It's terrible to say it, but my British accent will help. And plus, if we can't get out, at least we are together.
That is something that I've really come to realise over the years. We have seen so many hardships, some on our own, some in communal or even global suffering. The world is a grimmer place than it was twenty years ago, that's for sure. But it has made me really appreciate what matters most in my life. Having a car, or a nice house, or even a pension doesn't seem to matter so much anymore. What does matter is that we are here for each other – still here for each other, despite everything that's been thrown at us. Me, and you, and our families, and our friends – we are so strong.
I remember, years ago when we first started writing these emails to each other, that you wrote me a beautiful poem. I tried to find it yesterday, but I think the email was deleted in the last wave of server damages. But I still remember how it made me feel, so I thought I would write you one of my own.
I'll see you soon.
All my love,
Jonah x	
When the times seem dark, I think of you.
When the world seems cold and cruel, I think of you.
When I am in pain, and seek remedy, I think of you.
When the embers of hope begin to fade, I think of you.
And hope returns.


A DIFFERENT PATH

2025
Hello Joanna,
I hope all is well back in London. Thank you for looking after me after my little breakdown in the office last week. I assure you that sort of thing doesn't happen often, as I'm usually very adept at keeping it all in. It was not a very dignified moment for me, but your sympathy was much appreciated, as was your offer to write to me while I'm away. This email is quite rambling, so please don't feel you have to read all of it. But you are right: writing down my thoughts and experiences definitely helps, especially when I have somebody to write to. And thank you for your discretion with the others too. Maria is here with me and remains clueless to the whole thing, which is for the best.
Perhaps you want to hear about Shanghai. I have been here once or twice before on assignment, and I must say it looks like their Air Pollution Action Plan has yielded results. Not only is the air quality so much cleaner, but the whole feel of the city has changed. Colours seem brighter, views more spectacular, and (although this is pure conjecture) the people seem happier too.
Of course, it remains suspicious quite how fast the Chinese government turned things around, and I do wonder if our little investigation will turn up some unpleasant truths. For instance, what happened to all the diesel vehicles, and the people who depended on them? Diesel vehicles are so heavily taxed now that they might as well be forbidden, and petrol also carries a far higher price than it used to. The government subsidised the purchase of new electric vehicles, but as far as I know there was no 'buy back' scheme for the ones that run on fossil fuels. Maybe that's why there are much fewer personal vehicles altogether: lots of electric public minibuses, and thousands of bicycles and rickshaws. The streets are still chaos, but a different sort of chaos.
Look at all that, I am basically writing Maria's article for her. I should focus on taking photographs, I think; a picture paints a thousand words, after all! I have some fantastically clear shots of the city skyline, which would have just been obscured by smog only a few years ago. I have attached a few you might like.
Maria is proving a reliable travelling companion, although she does like to chat for hours on end. This is fine most of the time, but it made the flight quite exhausting. I just wanted to watch a bad action movie or two in peace! Otherwise, she's inexperienced in the field and I get the impression she finds the city quite daunting, but overall she is doing well. She is very much still in her honeymoon phase, and talks about her new husband like he's the Messiah reborn. He's a graphic designer from Norfolk, and sounds a little boring to me, but who am I to say. I try to not let all her talk of love and 'the one' grate on me; she doesn't know what happened to Enya, of course. Her chatter would only be insensitive if she knew.
As for me, I'm feeling okay. Not quite as down as last week, that's for sure. I was worried that travel might make me feel even more lonely, but actually I think a little distance helps. It's difficult to find time to feel sorry for yourself when you are busy negotiating a foreign city. I had a message from one of my sons the other day, although I haven't brought myself to reply yet. I will soon though.
I think that little paragraph is about all the 'writing about my feelings' I can do at the moment. Small steps. I would also like to hear your news, especially Raymond's retirement party. I am sure it was a wild one, if I know him at all. It was a shame I was not able to be there, but I will definitely get a drink with him (a non-alcoholic one for me, don't worry) once I'm back.
That's about it from me, I think. I hope to hear from you soon, if you have the time.
Best wishes,
Bertram

Hey Bertram,
So glad you wrote! And I don't think you need to worry about appearing 'dignified' to me. There's nothing wrong with expressing vulnerability from time to time. I'm glad you did tell me what you were going through, and I just hope this helps in some small way. Grief is tough for anyone, but there is light at the end of the tunnel, I promise. Just don't give up hope.
Really fascinating to hear about Shanghai. Your photos are amazing, as always. There's always all sorts of conflicting news about anything that goes down in China, so I'll be interested to see what your investigations uncover. If some (or many) people have suffered so that the entire city is healthier and more pleasant, I wonder whether history will look favourably upon it? It is progress of a sort, I suppose. Things can happen fast, perhaps too fast, when the state has so much power over its people. I'll be sure to read Maria's article closely!
Great to know that you and Maria are getting along well. I've gotten to know her a bit whilst she's been in the office, and she's a lovely soul. Very sharp, even if she might not seem it at first. And a good laugh, too! Remind me - were you at the Christmas party? I remember she was having great fun on the karaoke machine, giving it her all. I'm glad she and her new husband are happy.
Good to hear you're finding things a little brighter, too. Definitely do get back to your son. Maybe you could meet up with him soon? I'm sure he finds his mother's passing just as difficult as you do. Remind me of your kids' names again? They're both at uni in Heidelberg, is that right?
Raymond's leaving do was pretty raucous, as you predicted. We'll all miss him, but it sounds like he's got an action-packed retirement ahead of him. He's only just back from roaming around Australia, you know! Next he's off on a road trip round the States, seeing some of his old ex-military friends along the way. Sounds dreamy.
As for me, I'm busy doing the background research for my next assignment, which will be taking me to Mexico City. We should overlap for a few days in the office once you're back, so I'll fill you in then, but I think it's a relatively mundane one. Other than that, my parents are coming down from Glasgow next weekend, so I'll be showing them the sights! It's a fair while since they've been in London, so we'll be doing the tourist trail – already got our London Eye tickets booked. I've persuaded them to take the train down here rather than their rickety old 4x4 – a lot safer, given my dad's eyesight is going, and not to mention more eco too!
Do keep me updated how the trip goes. Looking forward to hearing what you find out! Also, I've copied in my personal email, given this isn't strictly 'work business', so feel free to write back to that one – and you can lose the formal tone too, if you like!
Take care,
Joanna x

2026
Hi Joanna,
How are you? What is Athens like? I imagine it's quite a similar situation to here in a lot of ways, but it will be interesting to see if there are any differences.
Things are pretty crazy in Naples. There are thousands of migrants here, mostly Libyans and Algerians, all fleeing the troubles in North Africa. This new BabelVox app is doing wonders for Maria's interview process, translating interviewees' words literally as soon as they finish speaking. Considering the number of assignments I have done where the language barrier has been so tortuous, it's a wonder to finally see a solution in action. A new age for journalism, certainly – and for diplomacy, too, one hopes.
Most of them are afraid, and many are angry too. Maria and I spoke to one woman called Isabis, who was a pastoralist from northern Algeria. She had first been driven into the city by years of drought, and then driven out of the city by the unrest. Yet she didn't blame any of the fundamentalists or the military for their troubles; she blamed us. The advent of globally available internet has done wonders for accelerating education, although that may bite us Westerners in the backside. It turns out pastoralists like Isabis have been using the internet to find out why they have had so many droughts, and of course they discovered climate change. Not only that, they found out who has caused it: the West. The worst thing is, it's undeniably true. I think coming to Europe for refuge is a bitter pill for her to swallow, since we are such guilty contributors to their struggle.
I also bumped into a pro bono international lawyer, who's planning on taking witness statements from the refugees to carry on this argument. Did you know you can effectively take entire nations to court? Who knows where the 'damage payments' from such battles will end up. I have my doubts that it will reach the right pockets, but maybe that's just my cynicism speaking.
Anyway, it has really made me think about our lifestyles. I wonder if Fred would be open to looking into the company's carbon emissions? I especially worry about all these flights we are taking so often. I don't think they're even offset. It's more than humbling, to see these people that have left everything behind, when I know I'll be on an air-conditioned plane back to comfortable London in a few days.
I followed your advice and talked to Maria a little about Enya and all the accompanying fallout. You were right, she deserves to know, considering how much we travel together. She was nice about it, and even invited me round for dinner with her and her husband when we get back. That'll be a fun one; I can learn all about the epic highs and lows of graphic design. I must say I find your letters infinitely more helpful than her sympathy, even though she really means well. Writing back and forth with you has been such a lifesaver this past year. I do hope we can keep it up.
That's enough from me, in any case.
Best wishes,
Bertram

Hey Bertram,
Great to hear from you as always. What interesting insights you've come across! Certainly some similarities here in Athens, but some differences too.
I hadn't heard about the climate change angle – that's a new one for me. I wonder just how much it can be attributed to the droughts? I don't see how anyone can be certain. Interesting that it's permeating through to even pastoral people, though. Even without climate change, they have a right to be angry at us Westerners. It's not as if our governments have done much to relieve the North African situation in recent years in any case; quite the opposite, in fact.
Having said that, Greece is dealing better with this migrant crisis than you might expect, and the local people here seem to be suffering less than when I was last here a decade or so ago. The EU is lending more financial support this time, although I expect this is a canny ploy from Germany and co to stop migrants attempting to get into Western Europe! Still, the results are good no matter the motivation. Funnily enough, I also think North Macedonia's inclusion in the EU and its newfound cooperation with Greece is also smoothing over the process, but I'll have to do some more research before I can say that for certain.
Having said all that, things aren't exactly rosy here. There's plenty of prejudice, as you might imagine, and there has been the odd little patch of violence. I do think the BabelVox app is helping matters, on the whole – although I wonder if it slows the acclimation process in some ways? It must remove the incentive to learn the local language somewhat. Not many of the migrants seem to show much inclination to learn Greek, but then few of them plan to settle here anyway: they have their sights set northwest.
Michael is getting on my nerves a little. He's a decent photographer, don't get me wrong, but he seems more interested in his kit than the subject matter at hand. I don't think he's quite sussed out the difference between an objectively decent image and a good 'storytelling' picture yet – he mainly seems to like photographing sunsets and ancient ruins! Lovely as they are, not quite what we're here for…
I see your point about flights and carbon emissions, although it's difficult to see an alternative. If we want to be decent journalists, we have to get to the action as soon as it starts happening, and flights are the only way to do that really! I guess there's no harm in offsetting though, if the budget can afford it. What exactly does it involve? Planting trees or something? (Speaking of which – my parents say the hills around Glasgow are all covered in saplings these days, part of the government's planting initiative! Goodbye open landscapes, I guess…)
Great to hear you and Maria are chatting. That dinner invitation sounds charming. I've met Jonah, her husband, and I promise he's not as tedious as all that! He'll have you putting the world to rights in no time, just like we do. On that note, yes, let's absolutely keep on writing! I've come to really love writing these letters, actually – if we can call them letters. 'Email' doesn't seem to do it justice. Feels too much like a proper connection.
Will see you back in the office in a week or so – we can compare articles! (I wonder whose will get more online traffic…)
Joanna x

2027
Hi Joanna,
How is Norway? I wish I could be there with you, but this flu is not budging. Even if I was well, I have a feeling Fred would have sent me off to Edinburgh with Maria anyway. He thinks Maria and I make a 'good team', which I suppose is true, when I can bear her relentless talking!
I'm fine, aside from being under the weather. One of my neighbours dropped off a few supplies for me, which is kind of her. It even included some vegetables from her family's allotment, one of these new 'rooftop gardens' that have started springing up all over the city. I used to think they were a bit silly, an excuse for city slickers to play at farming, but now that food prices are getting higher it might not be a bad idea. It's not the cheapest to rent a patch, but if I doubled up with someone, it could make it worthwhile. Would you consider it, as you live quite close by? Only a suggestion, no obligation.
I video called my GP the other day, just because this flu has been going on longer than expected. He actually suggested I could have malaria, even though I haven't left London for two months! Apparently hospitals are seeing it more and more in the damper parts of Europe. He said it was still very unlikely that I had it, though. There have only been a couple of cases in London.
Congratulations on your Egypt article. It really took off online, didn't it! I hear website traffic has almost doubled since this time last month. I imagine you can expect a nice bonus on your paycheque. It is rightly deserved, though: it was a fascinating read. Who knew that solar energy would become their new primary export? I suppose they have the weather for it, but I thought the infrastructure would take years to put in place. A wise investment decision, it seems. I can't imagine their oil-rich neighbours across the Red Sea are too happy about the competition, though. 
Only one more bit of news from me: Harry is coming to visit. We have been messaging back and forth a little bit recently, and it turns out he will be in London soon to see some friends. He said he would have time to grab lunch, if I wanted to. I'm hoping this could be a chance to reconnect, but I don't want to mess it up! I feel like I was such a poor excuse of a father following Enya's death. How stupid, all of us feeling so alone, only feet apart. But, like you say, and like my therapist says too: that is in the past. Time to move on, and make sure I am a better person going forwards.
Thank you for listening to my ramblings once again. I can't wait to hear about your Scandinavian adventures.
All my best,
Bertram

Hey Bertram,
Sorry to hear you're still unwell. Crazy that your doctor mentioned malaria! That sounds highly unlikely to me, but always worth considering every possibility. Let me know if you're feeling better (or worse) soon? I care!
I love Norway. It's such a gorgeous country throughout. The fjords are my favourite, of course, but the forests and mountains are arguably just as stunning. But unfortunately, I'm not on assignment to look at the scenery!
It's all politics here at the moment. Norway has a reputation as an 'environmental pioneer', but continues to export sizeable quantities of oil and gas, which isn't a good look these days. The Norwegian government is under a fair amount of pressure from not only its European neighbours but also its own people to change things. Considering a big part of the climate youth movement began here, they are really under some heavy scrutiny! But, the country is also accustomed to the economic benefits of fossil fuel exports, so they're unlikely to give them up just like that.
This is why it is interesting that a few key government officials have agreed to meet me. The word on the grapevine is that there will be a big policy announcement in the next couple of days, and it seems that they feel it will be one that boosts their popularity. I strongly suspect they have some ambitious energy targets in mind, which to be honest could probably win them a re-election later this year. Perhaps their government has finally caught on to the zeitgeist – now for the rest of the world!
I love the idea of sharing a rooftop allotment. It would be a great excuse for getting me out the house at weekends. I have a terrible habit of wasting days watching old 2010s sitcoms! And I'm sure we could have some great conversations while planting carrots or picking beans, or whatever you do up there. Let's go for it!
Thanks for your kind words about my article. I was taken by surprise by how well it did, actually. I feel that Egypt is one of the 'forgotten' countries when it comes to our media, along with much of the developing world, of course. People know about Egypt's ancient history, but not so much its present. Their big solar project might really put them on the map! The fact that the foreign investment came off the back of intricate trade deals with the UK and other European countries is probably the main reason it's got any international attention, but if my article plays a part in getting their efforts globally recognised, I can call that a job well done.
And fantastic to hear you'll be seeing your son. It sounds like he wants to make amends just as much as you do. Grief can do such awful things to people. I remember seeing it in my mother when my grandfather died, many years ago now. She wasn't the same for years. But, eventually, she did return to how I remembered her, and now she's just as full of life as ever (if getting on a bit!). Let me know how it goes.
Joanna x

2028
Hi Joanna,
How are things at the office? Has Fred calmed down since the intern incident?
Paris is an interesting place at the moment! There is a similar atmosphere to 2015, but more so, if that makes sense. Did you know COP21 was one of my first ever foreign assignments? And certainly the first with any sort of environmental focus. How times change. COP34 is looking like it could be the biggest political event this year, and that's even with the US elections coming up.
The Eurostar took us right into the heart of the action straight away. The streets are packed with protestors, as you would expect. They don't seem quite as incensed as usual. In fact, I would hazard to say there is even an atmosphere of hope, given the promising early talks. I think they are here mostly to remind the powers-that-be that they have a responsibility to take action, and that ordinary people really do care. It's refreshing to feel that progress might actually be within reach, after years of ineffectual compromise. Look at me go on, I sound like a protestor myself!
I actually bumped into Harry the other day, and apparently Noah is somewhere in the city too. They are both camping out to protest, using their newfound freedom as unemployed graduates it seems. He seemed well, although he was with a group of friends so didn't want to hang around to chat. I think one of them might have been his girlfriend. He really doesn't tell me anything! But at least we speak from time to time, which is a vast improvement on only a year ago. I am still trying to get through to Noah, but it is slow progress.
They are both in the 'Germany' camp, of course, which is near the Bastille. All the different countries have their own camps, all with their own supplies of food, materials, and so on. Germany is one of the biggest, up there with France, Norway and the UK. I was surprised by how large the US one is too, especially given the black mark over aviation in the eco sphere. I guess the upcoming US election is getting people moving, especially with such a 'progressive' candidate on the table!
Maria is getting plenty of material, interviewing left, right and centre (physically and politically). We stumbled upon the Belgian Energy Minister in an Irish pub (of all places), so I think we might have an 'exclusive' impromptu interview of sorts there. Other than that, the city is bustling with grey-haired men and the odd woman, all in expensive suits, and plenty of gendarmes escorting them everywhere. Bureaucracy in action.
Anyway, let me know how things are with you. And with the allotment, of course – are the tomatoes ripe yet?
Yours,
Bertram x

Hey Bertram,
The tomatoes are not quite ripe – I think they should be perfect just when you get back, so we can have a nice fresh salad on the roof to celebrate your return! And the office has returned to more-or-less normal. It turns out the intern's father wasn't Chief of the Met after all, and also turns out asking someone to arrive at work on time isn't a breach of human rights. Who would've guessed it? So yes, Fred has returned to his normal slightly grumpy self, rather than the powder keg he was last week.
Sounds like it's all going down in Paris! I've never actually been there on assignment, only for leisure. I fell in with the art history crowd when I was at uni back in the day, and we all went along to the Louvre… only to be kicked out by security because my friend had a joint in his pocket. Never did get to see the Mona Lisa. I hear it's overrated anyway.
Great that your sons are there, and awesome that they're involved in the climate movement too. Did they take part in the school strikes back when they were in high school, or is this protesting streak a more recent development? And I'm glad your relations with them are still steadily on the up.
Not a whole let else new around here. They're busy digging up the roads all over this area, which means rush hour is a nightmare. Swapping my car for a nice bike last year was a wise move: I can weave in and out of traffic like a dream. The borough council had a public meeting where they showed us their plans: cycle lanes galore, was the main message I took from it! They are also replacing the tarmac with a new porous road surface that should mean the roads won't flood anymore, which seems wise. They're also reinstating reedbeds by the river, which are meant to absorb floodwater too – and attract lots of nice birds at the same time. I saw a kingfisher by Westminster Bridge the other day!
These efforts are all part of the bigger political picture, inevitably. The race to be the next London mayor has just kicked off, and there are more candidates than I can keep track of. It's pretty obvious our current mayor is using all these road projects as a last-ditch effort to get his ratings up.  The lead opposition is the usual suspect: he wants to rescind the congestion charge and call for stronger police powers. How novel… I won't go on about it, as I'm sure you'll find it pretty unavoidable once you're back here!
Also, I've signed us up for the allotment co-op scheme. I didn't think you'd mind. It's all done online, and basically means we can 'trade' any excess veg with other growers anywhere in the borough! It seemed sensible given what a glut of courgettes we're expecting. I would like to get more involved in the wider community as well. It's only getting bigger: I often can see people beetling away on four other rooftop allotments, all visible from our nice spot. Sometimes I wave to them.
Give me a call when you're back and we can get that salad sorted. I have a nice bottle of Sauvignon Blanc that I think would pair excellently.
Joanna x

2029
Hi Joanna,
I am missing you from Mina. It is blisteringly hot here, but thankfully this 'tented city' has come up with an ingenious solution to keep the temperatures down. The tents are all coated in solar paint, which connects to power cells that run vast air conditioning units. Using the sun to protect from the sun – ingenious! It sounds like science fiction, but it all seems to work like a dream.
The Hajj pilgrims mainly get here in the morning and leave in the early evening. The middle of the day is just simply too hot to be outside, hotter than anyone remembers. These tents really are an oasis. I can barely contemplate braving the sun for more than a few minutes.
The climate change argument seems to have finally got traction throughout Saudi Arabia, now that this great pilgrimage is threatened. The imam of the Grand Mosque in Mecca, no less, has just given a speech on the subject, which is completely unprecedented. It looks like this might be something of a wake-up call for the country, which is still the world's biggest oil exporter by a large margin. Can they find another export to keep the income flowing in, I wonder? Maybe they could turn to solar energy, like some of their neighbours. It may turn into a tug-of-war between faith and politics, but for once in history, faith is not the side calling for things to stay the same.
Considering her Spanish roots, Maria does not fare well in the heat. She is spending most of her time as close to the air con as possible, which makes getting an article together difficult. It is up to me to traipse around camp looking for people to interview. I found one elderly man who had a lot to say, mostly recollections of dubious authenticity. He says he remembers the 1990 stampede, lost his brother to it in fact. It made me think of what I was doing in 1990, and then I remembered it was the year I met Enya. We were only teenagers at the time. Everyone thought we were just being young and foolish when we got together. Over twenty years later, we were still going strong! 'Till death do us part' was true enough. But, you know, recalling her now brings fondness more than pain. What a joy to have spent so much of my life with her.
What's new in sunny England? Has the drought there broken yet, or is everything still parched? And how are your parents? I remember you said you were meeting up with them in the Lake District at the weekend. That must be glorious, if it's cool enough to walk around.
Yours,
Bertram x

Hey Bertram,
Blimey, it sounds toasty! Amazing to hear that they're making the use of the latest tech, though. I must admit, 'solar paint' sounds a bit far-fetched, but I've just looked it up and apparently it's been around for years! Ridiculous that all this technology exists, but we barely seem to use it.
I've just got back from the Lakes. Mum and Dad are doing pretty well. They don't walk as far as they used to but they're still good and active, happily hiking up the smaller hills. We took a rowing boat out on one of the smaller meres the other day, which was divine – but we were glad to have sunscreen! There's been no sign of rain yet, but there's some forecast for next week. 
The Lake District itself looks nothing like I remember it. There are trees all over large swathes of it, for a start! It seems everywhere I go these days, there are more and more trees. At first I wasn't sure about it – the Old Man of Coniston, for instance, looks nothing like the craggy fell I remember from my childhood – but it actually does make for a more interesting landscape. Plus, the saplings lend a bit of shade which makes walking more comfortable, now the paths are no longer along exposed hillsides. You can almost sense them all sucking carbon from the air as you go past.
I managed to get all the way there by train as well, which was a nice surprise. They've reopened a lot of the rural train stations up in the north that got closed down in the 60s. The project is only about halfway there, but now that petrol is so expensive and there are such strict caps on train ticket prices, they're already very popular. Even the carriage to the little miners' village where we were staying was full of people!
I went to check on the allotment this morning, the first time since I got back, and I must say it is suffering from the heat. I am watering it as much as I can, but the rainwater butts are all dry, and the hosepipe ban is still in place. So it's labouring back and forth with a watering can for me, which is quite hard work. I had asked that bloke with the rhubarb pots to water our patch while we were both away, but he told me he's put his back out – mighty suspicious, since I saw him lugging wheelbarrows about today! I'll be glad of your help once you're back.
Take care in the heat – plenty of water, sunscreen, hat, the works. I care about you.
Joanna x

2030
Hi Joanna,
How is Brazil? I do not like what I hear in the news, so I hope you are staying safe.
My assignment is far more mundane, but nonetheless important. Maria and I are travelling around the UK, interviewing and photographing all the key players that have helped the nation smash its 2030 climate targets. Halved our emissions from 1990, how about that! Although as Harry points out, Germany passed that benchmark a couple of years ago… In fact, compared to lots of European countries, we do not look quite so outstanding, but I am taking this moment to focus on the positives.
We are interviewing a bewilderingly wide range of people for this feature article. Of course, there are the politicians who are enjoying the limelight, but then there are also academics, civil servants, financiers, industry executives, and a smattering of charitable bodies too. A huge mixture! 
It is interesting to see the different motivations that led people to pursue these targets. Some talk about 'saving the environment' and 'mother nature', much as you would expect, but there are plenty of more pragmatic (or perhaps cynical) approaches too. We met one banker who kept on talking about avoiding stranded assets in fossil fuels; a CEO who talked about maintaining multilateral trade; an engineer who talked about investment opportunities. All quite dry, but it finally feels like everyone might be on the same page. I am very much looking forward to Maria's article.
As you might imagine, we are doing most of our travel by train, sometimes several journeys in one day. I caught the new HS3 line for the first time, which took me from Liverpool to Leeds in no time. Do you remember the furore over HS2, a decade or so ago? All kinds of terrible planning decisions, churning up ancient woodlands and so on. Such a shame when it could have been such a good environmental win! However, it looks like they learnt their lesson, because this line seems to have sprung up with minimal fuss, and I hear has helped take plenty of cars off the road. The north was overdue some new infrastructure, that's for sure.
I mentioned Harry earlier – he has just moved to Brighton, to work for an environmental NGO. We were down there to interview the head of his organisation, so it was extremely easy to meet up. He showed me round Brighton, and I must admit the city is looking beautiful. They have always been ahead of the game with environmental measures, but now it really shows: huge 'living walls' of foliage covering entire terraces; only bikes and little electric vehicles in the streets; parks and verges full of wildflowers, buzzing with insect life. Of course, we also spent some time on the beach and walking down the promenade. It's still the same old Brighton, after all. I even bought a stick of candyfloss for my son, for the first time in about twenty years!
I also bumped into Raymond up in Sheffield. He asked after you! He is loving his retirement, getting in plenty of travel, even putting together some sort of memoir. His working title is 'Ray of Hope' – he never was one for modesty! He showed me round his own allotment too. I don't like to brag, but I think ours is considerably better. Certainly I thought his carrots seemed a bit meagre, although I didn't say anything. Those fertiliser tips from Karen from Bed 4 really paid off.
On another note, I may have procured tickets for a certain theatre show I remember you mentioning… Will you be free on the 20th? I saw them on sale and thought it could be a pleasant evening. Let's call it a date, if you like.
Bertram x

Hey Bertram!
I'm doing just fine here in Brazil, but there are tensions brewing. The UN Peacekeepers are out in force on the streets of Brasilia. Not their usual remit, and the whole approach seems very heavy-handed. I do wonder if the UN has got too overbearing for its own good in recent years. If you want a country to stop deforesting its rainforest, surely you just embargo its products – not send in the troops?? The US, for instance, is condemning the deforestation but simultaneously buying huge amounts of Brazilian beef, which is one of the leading causes of deforestation. Totally hypocritical.
The Blue Helmets are here mostly to twist the Brazilian President's arm, getting him to hand over forest ownership to the indigenous communities that have lived there for centuries. They’re very well-practised at taking care of it, after all. Various charities have been trying to do the same thing for years, but nothing on this scale has ever been attempted. The UN can't physically stop deforestation, as it's spread out over a massive area – but they might just embarrass the government into submission.
Despite its anti-democratic overtones, a surprising portion of the population here seems to support the UN's tactics. My guide Ana was telling me about how people have been 'reconnecting with nature' in recent years, she says mainly due to changes in education. Certainly in Brasilia, field trips into the forest have become commonplace, and funded by the government too. 
Natural heritage has always been a huge deal in these parts. Ana is mostly of Portuguese heritage but also has distant indigenous relatives who still live a subsistence lifestyle in the forest. They used to be close to the city when she was a child, she told me, but have had to retreat further into the Amazon basin when the loggers came. There's not a whole lot of rainforest left close to Brasilia now, but there are some parts where regrowth is happening. The forest takes a long time to get back to what it was – thousands of years, some scientists say – but it all helps lock carbon away, which is what we need right now.
Onto your news – amazing about those UK goals being met! I've heard a lot of it is down to Artificial Intelligence in recent years – supercomputers that tell you how to decrease fossil fuel usage whilst maintaining a good quality of life. One of my nerdy computer friends told me it has come up with some answers nobody even thought of – nitty-gritty changes to housing law, for instance, that only a specialised lawyer could begin to comprehend. But apparently it makes all the difference! I wonder if one day all our big decisions will be made by an all-knowing computer? There must be a sci-fi film about that.
Brighton sounds lovely, and wonderful you got to see Harry too. I'd like to meet him for myself sometime. Any news from Noah recently? And great to hear Raymond's doing well! I had no doubt he'd take to retirement like a fish to water – he certainly makes it his mission to get the most out of life, that's for sure.
Theatre tickets, you say! That sounds fantastic. It's in my diary. I'll buy dinner beforehand? And yes, let's absolutely call it a date, you silly man. We've beaten about the bush long enough.
Joanna x

2031
Hey Joanna,
I'm still thinking of that weekend on the Isle of Wight. You know how I am, not voicing my emotions as often as I should, but – well, I will not forget our time there for quite some time. It feels like I have known you forever, and yet also for a vanishingly small amount of time. I suppose I had sort of given up on love, on romance, and all the rest of it, after Enya died. It hardly occurred to me to look for it again; and then it came to me of its own accord. You are wonderful.
New York is a changed city since I was last here some years ago. I remember then, being struck by the stink of the streets, the fumes, the rubbish and pollution everywhere, the fractious drivers. It didn't feel much like the city of dreams, that's for sure. Now that is all ancient history. The cars were the first to go, replaced by an amped-up subway and a slick monorail system several metres above the street – I'm sure you've seen pictures. The advantage of a grid-based city plan means every third street and avenue has a single train, whizzing back and forth, and you can hop on and off at almost any junction. The pay system somehow detects your phone in your pocket and charges it automatically, which I find slightly troubling, but I have heard the system has existed in many US supermarkets for years.
The waste problem is mostly a coordinated mix of strategies that you will have seen elsewhere. For instance, all takeaway food is in compostable packaging – the compost bins are on 'dumb waiters' attached to the side of buildings throughout the city, which rocket to the top when full and dump the waste in big composters attached to the rooftop allotments. How clever is that!
The actual assignment I'm here for, this World Economic Forum gathering, is still to come. I imagine it will be mostly tedious bureaucracy again, but apparently those articles always do well online so they must be interesting for someone. I expect it's linked to the rising political engagement we're seeing in the US and UK, now that we seem to be moving away from the tribal politics of the 2020s.
Maria had seemed a little distracted these last few days, and then yesterday at dinner she was positively glowing. I asked her if something was up and she revealed she is pregnant! I am overjoyed for her, of course, and for her husband too. I have grown fonder of Jonah on the few occasions we've met. Certainly his charisma is a little off-centre, but both he and Maria have never shown me anything but kindness. They will certainly make the most loving and attentive parents. Don't tell the news to the office, though. It is still under wraps. I am not sure even Jonah knows, yet!
Anyway, I'd better send this off and hunker down for the next few days. There's a big storm due in, almost hurricane magnitude they're saying. Hopefully it will pass through before the conference, but nothing's certain. Maria and I will certainly be fine anyway; we are out in the sticks on Long Island, so it's extremely unlikely to reach us here.
Love,
Bertram xxx

Hi Bertram,
Our time on the Isle of Wight will stay with me forever. Such precious memories. You know, I felt not dissimilar to you, almost giving up on finding a partner – certainly my mother had given up on me, that's for sure! How wonderful to know that such things are still possible for old folks like ourselves, not just the young and fresh. I can't wait to see you again when you're back.
It sounds like New York might have finally become the dazzling city that the movies make it out to be! Great to hear they've really invested in the future, which many other cities could learn from. Has the homelessness situation improved at all, do you think? I remember the poverty on the streets being heart-breaking the last time I was there.
All's good in the office. I managed to catch up properly with Christine recently, which I've been meaning to do for ages. We were best of friends when we first joined the company together – twenty years ago, almost! She's been telling me at great length how she's moving all the company's pensions over to a different investor. Sounds dull, but I can see why she's done it – the current one apparently still invests in fossil fuels, which isn't where we want to be putting company money. She's found a far more ethical one, you'll be pleased to know. I wonder sometimes if she gets jealous of all her colleagues rushing around the world while she's stuck doing accounts, but she is a homebody really. 
I've even done a bit of babysitting for her – her son Isaac is just about to start primary school, and is very adorable, in a snotty sort of way. At Christine's request, Isaac and I went clothes shopping at the big second-hand store, and we both made some great finds. Unsurprisingly Isaac has no fashion sense, showing a preference for simply the brightest colours he can find! Although looking at my rather out-of-date wardrobe, maybe I could take some advice for him. Clothes last so much longer these days now that fast fashion is dying out. That reminds me, there's an assignment coming up soon for Bangladesh, looking at how they're replacing their waning textiles industry with ecotourism. All down to the big mangrove restoration projects on their coastlines, which are not only great for wildlife but are also slowing down flooding from sea level rise! It always amazes me how much everything interlinks.
And amazing news for Maria! She'll be an excellent mother, I know it, although she might have to tone down the globetrotting for a while. I still haven't met her husband properly but from what I've heard from you, they're the perfect couple to start a family. I sometimes wonder if I would have liked children, but to be honest I like my freedom (not to mention my beauty sleep)!
Okay, I'm about out of news. Looking forward to you being back on home turf.
Love,
Joanna xxx	

2032
Hi Joanna,
Sorry for bailing on you in Kashmir, especially just as things were heating up. Noah is doing okay. They still have him on a drip, but he's awake and feeling more like himself. He didn't seem pleased to see me here when he woke up, but I had to be there – I'm his father, after all. It turns out it was ecstasy he had taken, in some awful club basement in the red-light district. I'm trying very hard to be supportive rather than judgemental, but it's difficult, especially with all his junkie friends hanging about the place. Harry is here too, with his girlfriend in tow, but neither of them are being especially understanding.
After I had spent about five hours at the hospital yesterday morning, I made use of the rest of the day to explore Amsterdam. I rented a bike and went pedalling around the streets and along the canals, just trying to get some headspace. I considered calling you, but I thought you would have enough on your plate as it is. In any case, it's a beautiful city and feels good for the soul. In my mind it still retains the title of bicycle capital of the world, despite the best efforts of other ambitious cities!
Do let me know the latest news from Kashmir when you can. I'm sure Fred will understand if you want to pull out, if it's a bit much to face alone. I was so excited for our first big assignment together, and then it was gone, just like that. Although, I admit, a war-torn province isn't the ideal couples' getaway, it would still have been nice to spend some time abroad with you. Ah well. There's always next time.
Love,
Bertram xxx

Hi Bertram,
Honestly, don't worry about it! Of course you had to go. I am sure that Noah is very grateful that you are there, even if he doesn't show it. He's still young, and young people do silly things. He'll recover, and maybe all the unpleasantness will mean he won't touch such substances again. I think being supportive and willing to listen is the best you can do, and you are doing it wonderfully.
The situation here is much the same, not escalating, not de-escalating. Both India and Pakistan have largely stopped threatening to nuke each other after the global outcry, which is a relief. I'm now staying in a little mountain town not too far from the frontlines – close enough to hear the odd bout of gunfire. But don't worry, I have no plans of getting any closer.
The people here are mixed. Some are still using the same mantras of thirty years ago, how Kashmir belongs to the Indian people, how allowing Pakistanis to even exist here is tantamount to sacrilege – you know, the normal bigoted zealot stuff. I expect they have their mirror images across the border. But most just seem exhausted, and wish it would all come to an end. This conflict has been waxing and waning for decades, after all.
Thankfully, the food scares are now over. The dry spell ended just soon enough that the harvest in the temperate regions of India was not a complete disaster, so everyone is getting fed at least. Of course, the supply's all controlled by the military, who between that and the curfew enforcement are being extremely overbearing. But there haven't been many reports of brutality towards citizens recently – probably because there are international journalists snooping all over the place.
My job is quite straightforward now, so the article will be just fine without you here. I'll get a few more snaps but I'm sure the ones you took already will be ample. All I have to do is a couple more interviews, see if I can get a statement from the military, and then get out of here. Piece of cake!
Send my best to Harry too. It was great to meet him last year – he is a very charming and driven young man. Takes after his father! And enjoy Amsterdam while you're there, even though it's not under the best of circumstances. There's a great vegan restaurant in the Jewish quarter that I remember – I'll see if I can find the link.
Will see you soon. Sending love your way till then.
Love,
Joanna xxx

2033
Hey Joanna,
So – I've told Maria our news. I let her know she'd have a front seat at the ceremony, like we discussed. She was overjoyed, which somehow brought it home to me too. I can't believe we are actually getting married! And to think it all started when you found me in such a sorry state in the tapes cupboard all those years ago. What an inauspicious beginning to a wonderful story!
I'm so glad you like the ring. I made sure that the silver and the emerald were ethically sourced, of course – easier these days now the profiteers are being brought into line. I was thinking we could look into making the reception vegan, too, given we're both headed in that direction. What do you think? Do you think your parents would mind?
This assignment is another tiresome one. Grey-haired bureaucrats simply do not make great subject matter for my photographs, but I suppose this is another historical occasion. Even though the European Partnership has effectively been in action for a good few months, it's only now it becomes 'official' and the EU no more. To me, there doesn't seem to be much different between the old and new, but I know there has been a lot of work to streamline the whole institution so decision-making is less cumbersome. I suspect that plenty of pen-pushers are out of a job. From my German perspective, it's difficult to know whether this will be an improvement or not. Certainly it should become more nimble, but I wonder if this is at the cost of properly thought-out decisions. Time will tell.
How do you feel about the UK jumping back in? I thought it odd they didn't put it to a referendum this time, but apparently membership is less 'binding' than the EU's was, so maybe the UK will just bail if things don't look rosy. I have heard that the EP will attempt to include a wellbeing metric alongside GDP, taking inspiration from the New Zealand model, but how that will work in a multiparty system is beyond me.
Anyway, back to properly important things! I think I agree with you that a wedding on UK soil makes more sense than one in Germany. My extended family will be sure to grumble, but you can't please everyone. So, the next step is to decide between Glasgow or London. I think you know which one I would pick, but do let me know if that doesn't work! I know your parents do not like to travel much these days.
Is there anything else new with you? I want to hear everything, as always.
Love,
Bertram xxx

Hey Bertram,
I can just imagine Maria's reaction! I arrived in Glasgow yesterday and told my parents as soon as I arrived. It brought Mum to tears. She confessed she thought I'd die alone… good to know she's always had my back! She doesn't have much of a filter these days, just says whatever pops into her head. I'm trying to persuade her to see her GP, just in case it's something serious rather than simply the trappings of age.
The ring is gorgeous – I've been showing it off to my parents and all their friends too. Lots of them get very gushy. It's very novel being the centre of attention, but I don't mind it for a little while! And wonderful to hear it's ethically sourced, too. In true journalistic style I was actually reading up on its provenance, and was amazed by how decently the Zambian mines seemed to be run these days. I suppose since now their exports are focused around renewable energy rather than minerals, the market has got less cut-throat. Might pitch it as an article idea to Fred.
It's nice to be back and see Glasgow again, although it's freezing right at the moment. The city is changing, just like everywhere – living walls, electric vehicles, the works. And the surrounding hills are thick with young trees, as far as the eye can see. It's beautiful at this time of year: the ground is carpeted in snowdrops, with their little pure white nodding heads and pale green leaves. It turns the whole wood into a beautiful minimalist artwork. I'll take some pictures for you – then you can tell me how to improve my camera technique!
Mum and Dad asked after you, inevitably. Dad took it upon himself to inspect your social media after I announced the news. He's concerned you might be a bit of a 'party animal' (his words, not mine) because he found a picture of you clubbing – in 2008! I'm amazed you can still trawl back that far online. Twenty-five years feels a lifetime ago. Anyway, I've set his mind at rest, told him how dull you have become since then… Just kidding. Love you really.
Yesterday was Burns Night, and all my parents' elderly friends and neighbours were round for the Address to the Haggis. It was lovely to see them all; many of them I have known since my childhood. Mum did a sterling job of the poem, and Dad was looking very dapper in his kilt. 
There was general grumbling about the haggis itself, because Mum had opted for one of those lab-grown varieties that are taking off everywhere. She made the mistake of telling everyone beforehand, leading to plenty of moaning – until they actually tried it, and realised it was indistinguishable from the 'real' thing. And what's more, it's local too, made in a little industrial complex just outside the city. Raising cells in a dish is far better than raising cows in a factory farm, if you ask me – not to mention cheaper these days.
On that note, what about lab-grown meat or cheese at the wedding? Could be a happy medium rather than an all-out vegan menu. Mum and Dad would be sympathetic to that sort of decision. Their opinions have changed a lot in recent years, which has been a pleasant surprise. I expect other relatives will still make a fuss, but it's our wedding after all. Our decisions!
I've been thinking about the Glasgow v London dilemma for our venue, too. Lots of the old folks up here aren't so big on travelling, but they all have their free rail passes so financially speaking they should be fine. And you know what the London lot are like, hardly daring to leave the city in case they miss out on anything – so I reckon London's probably better! We can have a look at venues when we get back. So exciting!!!
Lots of love,
Joanna xxx

2034
My darling Joanna,
I'm writing this looking out the carriage window as dawn breaks over the Siberian tundra. The first rays of sunlight are glinting off the surface of a frozen lake that stretches as far as the eye can see. I can feel the regular rhythm of the train beating beneath me.
You lie sleeping only a few feet from me, and let me tell you, you look more beautiful than ever. I am writing using the fountain pen that we were given at the wedding. I am thinking of that day, so fresh in my mind, even though the Arctic wilderness seems a world away from the claustrophobic warmth of London.
I am hoping it will be many years before you read this. It's a silly idea: it's a letter for you to read after our 'first fight', when we are angry or frustrated with each other for whatever reason. It's to remind you just how much you mean to me, and, I hope, I to you. Because you are wonderful, and I feel intensely lucky to have found myself with you.
I also wanted to tell you about my admiration of your passion for the world we live in. I can't deny, when we first met, I was in a dark place, and the world seemed hostile and hopeless. Since then, you have opened my eyes to how the world, for all its faults, is slowly and tentatively becoming a better place to live.
And we are helping usher in this new world, and it brings me so much enthusiasm for the future. How consoling to know that the things we do, buy and eat are no longer destroying what we love. And it snowballs – just as we have been influenced by other people and each other, so we are influencing more too. Just for example, Fred has become an advocate of 'slow travel', because of conversations we started. Think of so many our friends that now have plant-based diets. It is a privilege to witness such changes, and most of all to play our own part.
The sunlight has just fallen on your face, and you are stirring, about to wake. We have a whole fortnight more of our honeymoon ahead of us, and I can't wait to share every moment with you. Here's to us, and to the future.
All my love, now and always,
Bertram

My love,
Two days ago, when I just waking up, I caught sight of you stashing away that fountain pen in the locker. I have known you for so many years now, that I knew exactly what you were doing. Maybe you have forgotten that you got the idea from that silly rom-com we watched on one of our first ever proper dates. So this is mine: my letter for the future.
I didn't find love for a long time, and it's still difficult to say exactly why. I was suspicious of intimacy; I grappled with my sense of self-worth; I was afraid of rejection and embarrassment. A mixture of these and more, I think, but one of the marvellous things about getting older is they all begin to fade. Then, when you came into my life, they all but vanished completely.
I have always rolled my eyes when people talk about 'the one', but when I met you, I sort of knew. I have never met a more gentle, kind and sensitive man. You are not afraid to be vulnerable, or to be candid. You care deeply about those around you and even those you have never met. And, of course, you take the most beautiful photographs.
I write this as you fetch us dinner from the restaurant carriage. I am in an odd mood, I guess: reflective, ruminative. I think this is brought on by the surroundings. I look out the window and see miles upon miles of conifers, punctuated by the odd river or ravine, then miles and miles more forest. No sign that people have ever been here, or ever will be. It's strange to think that our actions still influence such places. I have not given so much time to simply thinking, to simply existing, for years. I am glad to have found this space here, at this time, with you.
And that brings me on to what I think I love most about you: you make me a better person. There is so much to feel guilty about in this world, yet with you I feel empowered to make worthy decisions. Our allotment seems the perfect example of this: together, we have created something that feeds ourselves and others, that connects us to the natural world – the real world, you might say – and to the people around us. I feel less like a consumer and more like a citizen with every passing day – as do many others, of course, as the world changes, but none more so than I.
And with that, I will sign off. I am looking forward to spending many blissful moments with you, as well as the inevitable less-blissful ones, where I know I will still be in the best company possible.
With all my love,
Joanna

2035
Hi Joanna, from Tokyo to Kyoto!
How are things there? I know we'll only be apart for a few days, but it would have felt strange not to write to you. Not about to start breaking the habit of a decade.
It was fantastic being with you for a few days here, seeing the sights and taking in the atmosphere. On all my travels, I have never found myself in Japan before, and it was a great pleasure to be with you for first impressions. Isn't it a beautiful culture!
Of course, since we parted ways, I've been focused on getting the pictures for this assignment. I'm recording all the interviews, just like you asked, so you should have plenty of material for putting the article together. 
It's been a whistle-stop tour of all the main tech hubs in the city, of which there are a good number. The centres themselves are incredibly multicultural, which is a wise move when they're rolling out artificial intelligence software for the whole world. The 'holistic economy' AI they have been trialling in the Japanese government still seems to be standing tall, despite a few teething problems. It has been instructing them what projects to invest in, what energy sources to subsidise, what policies to put in place – all from the mouth of a machine! It seems accepted here already, but I do not know if it would take on in the western world. Some people do not like to be told what to do by anyone, let alone by a machine, but so many of our decisions follow the whims of technology anyway.
As many predicted, a big part of this governance AI has focused on regeneration and natural resources. It is reassuring to hear it supports several of the big global projects that have been going on for years. It advocates widespread tree planting (on condition that it is done with ecological expertise in mind), and also encourages a rapid transition away from imported fossil fuels and towards localised renewable energy. The machine is learning on the job, so should only become better and more sophisticated over time. What a time to be alive!
All the technology experts and computer scientists are very earnest, all eager to show me their projects, ranging from drones that measure air pollution to 'super-smart' energy meters that tell you when it's most efficient to run your appliances or charge your car. All very clever, and I'm sure a big part of the global transition.
Did you see that message I forwarded you from Noah? Sounds like Flop is misbehaving at home… I'm still not sure a house rabbit is a good 'trial pet', I must admit – he seems to need more attention than any cat, that's for sure. But I suppose we are committed now, and I concede that he is moderately adorable.
Anyway, let me know how the conference is going in Kyoto. I hope your suit didn't get too rumpled in your case!
Love,
Bertram xxx

Hi from Kyoto!
All's good here. The conference has a different tone from many. It's marking 30 years since the Kyoto Protocol was entered into force, arguably the first big piece of global environmental legislation. I don't think either of us were much involved in the eco scene at the time. Back then, many saw it as a bit of a damp squib, but there's no denying it set the wheels in motion for all the environmental advances we've seen since. So there's an air of celebration!
That being said, conference-style celebrations aren't the most fun. They're mostly long, self-congratulatory speeches from dull diplomats, about what's been achieved, how far we've come, etc etc etc. I'd personally prefer fewer words and more partying, but maybe that's just me. 
There is also a 'renewal of vows' of sorts among the delegation, where they are all committing to maintaining or even strengthening their environmental obligations. For the first time I can remember, there seems to be hardly any argument over it at all. I suppose we are reaching the point where 'green' investments are starting to pay dividends, and easing off the throttle now could leave your nation in the dust.
There was one 'workshop' (as they like to call them) that I did enjoy in particular. They led a group of us from the conference centre into a cable car, which took us up a beautiful tree-lined mountain. There was a stunning Buddhist temple nearby that I wanted to visit, but we were there to partake in 'shinrin yoku', which translates as 'forest bathing'. It basically means spending time in nature, and we were certainly surrounded by it there. Even though we were all in conference attire, it somehow didn't feel so out of place. Like you said, Japan has been among the most eager nations to protect and grow its forests. Simply wonderful.
Back to reality – yes, I did get your message. I'm sure whatever tricks Flop is pulling, Noah can handle it. It'll do him good to inject a bit of responsibility in his life, too. He can't always have you and his brother looking out for him! And yes, Flop is adorable, and no I absolutely won't entertain the thought of taking him back.
Looking forward to being reunited soon – lots more of this wonderful country to explore!
All my love,
Joanna xxx

2036
Hi Joanna,
That was not a kind thing to spring on me just before I left for the US. Did you really think we could have a full-on discussion like that on the way to the airport? I have been stewing over it for the best part of the flight but thought I had best send a reply to you before I land and get immersed in the assignment.
Let me start with the usual banal stuff while I gather my thoughts. The plane seems fine, I don't think you had reason to worry really. I'm sitting by the window and can see the solar panels on the wings – they seem almost paper-thin, I presume to save weight. Then there are the batteries and biofuel as backup for when the sun's not shining. A real belt-and-braces approach, which can only be a good thing. I suppose tickets were cheap because the plane's barely beyond a prototype, and people are suspicious. We get the fuel stats on our screens during the flight: this one's been 87% solar-powered, which makes sense as we're above the clouds and it's bright sunshine. Pretty impressive. Fred loves a deal, as we know, but he has outdone himself here. Shame I cannot enjoy it properly.
Seeing as I will be going to the Corn Belt, I thought I had better do some research into biofuels before I land. A nice distraction, too. Turns out they have been a bit of a red herring for years: they take up vast amounts of land that could be used for food or forest, plus use plenty of fertiliser, pesticides and the rest of it. Not very 'green', it seems, but I still have more research to do.
Alright, back to what you actually want to hear about. First of all, I'm sorry if this is something you genuinely care about, and perhaps I should have picked up on it sooner. But I just don't see how adopting a child would fit into our lifestyles. We are both abroad so much, and adoptions take so much dedication that I just do not think we could afford to give. Plus, neither of us are exactly young. Do we really want to spend the last chapter of our careers raising somebody else's child? We can talk about it more when we get back, but I can't see it happening.
I will let you know how the assignment goes. I don't know how I am going to take compelling pictures of fields and fields of corn, but I'll try my best.
Love,
Bertram

Hi Bertram,
I think we need a proper discussion about the future when you're back. We haven't been communicating very well recently, and our priorities have got in a jumble. I see your point about lifestyle conflicts, but our lifestyles can change! We've been doing this same gig for decades now; don't you want to try something else? I know you have your own children, but it's something I have never been able to experience. We have had a great run, zipping all over the world, but isn't it about time we gave something back?
I was catching up with Christine the other day, and she was telling me about the news company she's started working for. It has got this 'Displaced Reality' project going for a couple of their employees on maternity leave. It's a bit like VR, except in the real world – basically you link up with a camera wherever you want to do a report. You have a helmet at home, and when you put it on it's like seeing through the camera's 'eyes'. The camera can go on drones, vehicles, all sorts of things if you want it to. Very immersive, and saves you having to trek halfway across the world, which to me is becoming a bit of a drag – plus not environmentally great, no matter how much offsetting we do. And you can still give interviews, take photographs and all that. So that could be something we could persuade Fred to look into.
I think there is more for you to explore about biofuels. Most of the land we grow biofuels on was once used to grow crops to feed livestock, but now with the global shift to a plant-based diet, the farms have changed their target market to biofuels. In fact, supply is outstripping demand, so lots of land is being left fallow. That's how all these big 'rewilding' projects have suddenly taken off. So I don't know if that makes biofuels a 'green' solution or not, but now that agricultural land is not in such high demand, maybe it's a good use of resources.
That was just an aside really – deflection from the conversation we need to have. I don't think I can say any more in writing. I'm not really in the right headspace to discuss adoption with you right now, and especially not over email. How about a video call in a few days, when we've both had some time to take a step back?
Love,
Joanna x

2037
Hi Joanna,
Are you still upset I took the assignment? I understand what you said about compromises, but I cannot compromise on this. It could be the story of the decade, and I cannot just wear one of those DR helmets to experience it. I have to be here in person.
I am sure Rhiannon and you are getting on fine at home. I know you find her difficult sometimes, but that is what we signed up for. Just make sure she does not spend too much time online, and actually gets outside for once. That new woodland near the river is open now the saplings have matured; why don't you take her there?
I don't know if you're interested in hearing my news, but I'm going to tell you anyway. St Petersburg is all astir. All us journalists are gathered here; we wanted to go to Moscow, but that's still closed to foreigners because of this 'Cold Civil War'. Honestly, we hear hardly any news from Russia for a decade, and suddenly there's a nuclear coup! Rather terrifying, but both sides are thankfully very reluctant to use missiles on their own soil.
The jury is still out on who will be in power come Wednesday. My money is on the new 'green' regime, if you can call them that when they're waving nukes around. They certainly have the popular support, what with their call to invest in renewable energy, join the global reforestation programme, and all that. The old guard won't like it, but I think the Russian people are feeling a bit left behind as the rest of the world reaps the benefits of a green transition. But whether such a change could happen without bloodshed remains to be seen.
If Russia were to get on board, that is virtually all the world superpowers in the same boat. China is still dragging its heels on some instances, but they can see where the money is at. There is even vague talk of allowing Russia back into the G7 if these green promises come through – provided the nuclear situation calms down.
Maria is here too, and is waxing on about her darling daughter Bella starting school. Sounds like she has the perfect child. Alright for some. Tell Rhiannon I am thinking about her, and she's welcome to call if she wants to.
Love,
Bertram

Hi Bertram,
Yes, obviously I'm still upset – it seems all those discussions we had before we decided to adopt didn't amount to much. I thought we'd reached a good compromise on what our responsibilities would be, but I feel you're not upholding your end of the bargain. It makes a terrible impression on Rhiannon when it looks like you prioritise your work over her. What she needs most is to know that we care about her, and I'm uncertain whether you're fulfilling that function.
I've been very busy of course, looking after a grumpy teen by myself. We went to the woods, and they're nice, it seems. Not mature enough yet to have a whole lot of wildlife, especially with so many Londoners traipsing about, but there were lots of insects and a few birds. Rhiannon grumbled the whole time, especially when I asked her to put her phone away. She doesn’t seem to connect with that sort of thing at all. Slow progress.
Russia sounds very interesting. I'm sure it'll be an experience to remember. Make sure to think of your family while you are experiencing it.
Love,
Joanna

2038
Hi Joanna,
I hope you are not still angry about me for disappearing, although I would understand if you were. Things were just getting too much – what with Rhiannon, and Noah, and your parents, and the drama at work. I just needed a break.
I expect Fred told you that I took the Florida assignment with Maria. That is where I am now. But please do not imagine me sitting back and relaxing in the sun; it's nothing like that here anymore.
I went to Miami Beach the other day, if one can still call it a beach. What used to be stretches of white sand is now one huge, dense mangrove forest. I heard they were planted to protect the city, cutting their losses as the sea level rose. They would have lost the beach either way, so at least this way the city is still intact.
There are still plenty of tourists here, but of a very different kind. The mangroves are up there with the Everglades for rich animal life: if you want to see alligators, waterfowl or even manatees, this is your place. So the bikini-clad sun-worshippers are out, and binoculars and cargo shorts are in. Yesterday I went out on a hovercraft to get some photographs: you feel so immersed in nature, yet you only have to look up to see towering hotel blocks not so far away.
Of course, I have been doing a lot of thinking while I am here. I love Rhiannon like my own daughter, of course I do, but she is exhausting. She has ruined so many days, broken so many of our possessions, screamed vile things at us so many times. How many more times before we give it up as a lost cause? It sounds callous, but maybe a different adoptive family could just take better care of her. Better for everybody. I just cannot bear to be around her right now, and since you are always with her, it means I cannot bear to be around you either.
Then there is Noah, slipping back into the party scene again, no matter what I do. When I met up with him in Oxford, I could see the puncture wounds in his arms. His pupils were huge, and he could barely string a sentence together. And his brother has just vanished, off traveling the world with that Finnish girl, having a great time it seems from the photos he puts online. But he will not respond to any of my messages.
And then, on top of all that, why are your parents over so often?? They are so senile now they are little help around the house, but that does not stop them being overbearing and judgemental. I know they disapprove of how we are trying to raise Rhiannon. But they do not exactly offer any alternatives.
I just really do not see a way out of this one. I had this idea before that, if the world was getting better, then I would be getting happier too. That logic used to hold, if you remember back to the early 2020s – the worse the world got, the unhappier I became. But it seems life is far more complicated than that, and sometimes you just have to cut your losses. I think it is best we spent some time apart. I hope you do not hate me for it.
Love,
Bertram

Hi Bertram,
I think now might be the time to open up those letters we wrote on the Trans-Siberian Railway, not so many years ago. I have attached photos. Have a read?
Love,
Joanna x

2039
Hi Joanna,
As you predicted, Rhiannon did great on her exams! Top grades in sciences and maths, and commendable efforts in English, geography, and most of the others. History was a write-off, but we anticipated that. It should not affect her A-Level subject choices, so I am happy to let it slide. I unwisely said we could get dinner anywhere she chooses, so we are going for greasy pizza at that awful pseudo-Italian joint. I suppose I can grin and bear it!
How is Shanghai? I caved and tried one of Fred's new DR helmets yesterday, and linked up with a drone above the city. I must say, the view was pretty fantastic, and not anything like the brightly-lit metropolis I remember from fourteen years ago. What with all the foliage, the dim tower blocks and the lack of smog, it almost seemed like one of those 'ruined cities' that have been subsumed by forest, except there are millions of people down there, all living their lives just as much as ever. It was consoling to think that you were down there somewhere, among the trees and tower blocks.
Harry and Noah both dropped by the other day, for the anniversary of Enya's passing. It seemed a good excuse to get the family together. It has been ages since I've seen them both in the same place. It was nice to see them thaw out a little as they chatted. Noah has been clean for over six months now, and Harry has been 'clean' of that psychotic girlfriend for almost as long. They have been on very different paths since they left home, but all three of us seem to have converged a little recently. We put in the time and effort; I think that's the secret that has sometimes evaded me in the past.
One other thing, just to bring it up: Maria and Jonah are selling their riverside apartment! They have another baby on the way and Jonah's work has really taken off recently, so they are upgrading. I just thought it might be worth investigating, as it would be just the right size for us three, and the location is fantastic. It is also involved in one of those co-operative schemes, which means it would come with a share of the area's solar panels, community garden and waste repurposing system too. Just an idle thought – something to mull over.
Anyway, I hope your 'urban wildlife' assignment is not as mundane as it sounds. Certainly it's not what China is known for, so I hope you strike gold!
Love,
Bertram xxx

Hi Bertram,
Wow, send huge congratulations from me to Rhiannon! I tried to call her on the day, but I imagine she was out celebrating with her friends. Anyway, fantastic results – she should be proud. I'll make sure to bring her back something nice from China.
Shanghai is great! I knew my Mandarin lessons would come in handy. I've teamed up with a local photographer called Xilong – I hope you don't mind being 'replaced' for a little while! He's a keen birder so he's actually got a big backlog of photos he's happy for us to use for the article.
Inevitably, the focus is the giant pandas they've installed in the bamboo forest on the old super-highway. I knew bamboo grew fast, but I never knew anything like this! Some of these plants were as thick as my thigh and towered above our heads. It felt like it had been this way since the dawn of time, which I suppose is testament to the regenerative power of nature.
The pandas haven't 'returned of their own accord', like is sometimes said online; they were very deliberately put here by the Chinese authorities. It's a publicity stunt, obviously, but at least a wholesome one. Xilong took me onto one of the old flyovers, now kitted out as an observation deck, where we got a great view of a pair of bears. They are undeniably endearing, even after Xilong told me with great enthusiasm how they pee all over themselves to mark their territory. They were just hunkered down there, chewing on bamboo stems, looking wonderfully cute and inept.
Anyway, I'd best get off. It's almost dusk here, and Xilong tells me I must witness thousands of bats emerging any minute from the foliage on a nearby skyscraper. They're not my favourite creatures, but as long as they don't get tangled in my hair, I can cope!
Love,
Joanna xxx

2040
Hi Joanna,
I can hear you weeping from where I sit, and I have nothing I can say. You do not want me with you right now, and that is alright. This letter is for you to read on your own terms, when you want to, and I hope it will provide some consolation.
Your mother was a fantastic woman, and despite some shaky patches I grew to love her very much over the last year or two. She doted on Rhiannon far more effortlessly than I could at first, and really opened her heart to her. She will be sorely missed by so many, which is the truest sign of a life well lived.
That is all I have to say about her, for she was your mother, not mine, and it should be you who carries her memory forward exactly how you want to. Instead, I thought I might talk a little about my experiences of love, loss, and most of all, hope.
We have lived through a fascinating pocket of human history. There was so much strife, so much grief, so much despair. And then, almost imperceptibly at first, things changed. Our lifestyles became purer, less guilt-ridden. People grew closer together, and material things began to lose their pull. Technology changed from separating us from the real world to connecting us with it. And nature came creeping back into the corners until it was an integral, and welcome, part of everybody's life.
I suppose the point I'm trying to make is, hope always comes back. Today, you are grief-stricken, and trust me, I remember too vividly what that is like. There seems nothing to hold onto; the future is a bleak chasm that stretches exhaustingly before you. But – and trust me when I say this – before you know it, you will have passed through that valley, and suddenly you will be bathed in sunlight once more.
I am here for you, as are so many others. Don't reject us, like I did to my friends and family when I lost Enya. It will only draw out the suffering. Express your grief. Talk about it, write about it, sing about it if you like. I will be here for you, now and always.
Love,
Bertram

Hi Bertram,
When I found your letter, I took my bicycle and set off along the river, past the reedbeds and the groves of willows and silver birches, until I reached an empty bench beneath Cleopatra's Needle. I sat and read your words as the light faded and the streetlamps blinked into life, one by one.
I love you, and your words are beautiful. I think you might have picked up on a thing or two from living with a writer, if I do say so myself. Even though I knew Mum didn't have long left, it has left such a huge hole in my life now she is gone. We always regret the things we never say, and some of the things we did, don't we?
I have a little story that I haven't told you yet. Not long before she died, when Dad and I were sitting with her in the hospital, she was telling me about the moon landing. She was a teenager at the time. She told me about her sitting down with her family, her friends and any neighbours who didn't have a TV of their own. It was a full room.
She said there was a quiet awe when Neil Armstrong took that step – no cheering, no overt celebrating, but she said the hope in the room was palpable. Mankind could do anything. Then, of course, there were subsequent decades of anger, grief, warfare, partnerships formed and broken, while the world itself quietly withered away backstage.
And then, things changed once again, and more than anything I am glad Mum was around to see it. It's only been a couple of decades since things seemed hopeless. For me, right now, it's hard to see hope – but I know it's there, waiting for me.
Do you remember that quote? “Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.”
How lucky we all are to have seen her arrive.
Love,
Joanna.





