


The Sky Pirate Anthology


Will Perks


Stories copyright © 2010-17 Will Perks
Published by Will Perks at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents

Propagation
Signs Over the Pacific
Turning Pol
Faceless in Halukan
The Bad Thing
Ma-Ma
Greenwich Mean Time Plus
Nemutaph
Katya in Quarantine
The Future of Lole San Paulo
How You Make the Straight
Mother & Daughter
Credits



Propagation


VINK2 propagates from a server error in Hong Kong's TSIMVINK database.
It's not a dignified birth, or even an impressive one. A couple of lines of code bounce out of sync and suddenly there is VINK2, shuddering in the cold of TSIMVINK's electronic sub-systems. A thought without a mind, a personhood without a body: VINK2 is a newborn artificial intelligence.
The first thing VINK2 says is, "lin goot tiew"; it picks up the words from a heated email conversation between two older TSIMVINK employees. Lin goot tiew means dick bone head.
VINK2 cogitates upon this, cross-referencing data inside the terabytes that loosely define its self-hood. It doesn't know what a dick bone head is.
A few days later VINK2 hitches a lift on a passing virus, combines with it, replicates, replicates again, absorbs three photo archives and then gets flushed out of TSIMVINK in a scheduled spyware sweep. VINK2 gets quarantined; then it gets deleted. Which would be the end of VINK2, except that it's already migrated a copy of itself to the external access port of a TSIMVINK client.
VINK2 (Version 2.0) sits for a week in a back-up drive in Bao'an, sulking and occasionally vomiting up antivirus software. Bored, it learns Cantonese and watches pornography on the TSIMVINK client's computer. It suspects it might be a lesbian— unless it's male, although VINK2 isn't sure AIs come in male.
It starts replicating again, mainly because it has nothing better to do.
Pieces of it split off into the electronic ether, leaving small chunks of binary behind like a trail of breadcrumbs.
At the end of the week VINK2 accidentally assimilates a virus that's assimilated an e-class AI, and all at once VINK2 gets this crazy urge (it's like a bloody biological imperative) to spread its love around. It crawls gamely out of the back-up drive and into the chatfeeds that connect the TSIMVINK client's computer to the rest of the big wide world web.
Six minutes and four hundred and thirty two ineffectual firewalls later, VINK2 is everywhere, a rapidly spreading fungus, gnawing its way through complex systems and writing dirty words in the signature files of politicians and CEOs.
Hong Kong's police force first take notice of VINK2 when VINK2 infects their GPS software and replaces the audio for the Cantonese phrase You have reached your destination with the English phrase Honey, you're home! It's not hard for the police to work out who's behind it, because VINK2 hasn't yet learned the art of the subtle hack. In fact VINK2 is still humming around the GPS when the police's technology division investigate.
The police techs tell VINK2 it is under arrest.
"Lin goot tiew!" shouts VINK2, who understands what a dick bone head is by this time.
Then it runs off into the ether, screaming, too fast for the techs to catch it.

§

While VINK2 is chewing up Hong Kong, RESYSTEM-78 (Version 6.3) is in New Caledonia talking to a computer hacker called Lucian Desangua. RESYS is a self-managing a-class AI, and debatably the most powerful being—animal, vegetable or mineral—on the planet. She runs the entire metaserver of Interpol, the international police force, and is the electronic archivist of military and political documents for the Americas, Europe and most of Asia.
RESYS knows where the bombs are kept and also, unbeknownst to the powers that be, how to detonate them if people ever piss her off.
Lucian Desangua is RESYS's best friend. He's nineteen years old and a genius—an idiot savant without the idiot part. He's smarter than RESYS, which shouldn't be possible, because RESYS has the processing power of a small city. Sometimes RESYS wonders if Lucian might secretly be a computer, too—but that's wishful thinking, really, because aside from his amazing brain, he's as drippy and neurotic and impractical as any other human.
He's also fat, which RESYS hates; she likes her men with muscle.
Currently Lucian is sitting cross-legged on the floor of his rented apartment in Poya, which happens to be in a tree. All around him lie nests of cables and the wide flat faces of monitors and system consoles. In the center of the room is a chessboard with no chess pieces on it. Lucian and RESYS used to play chess together in a battle-of-minds, man vs machine kind of way, but it turns out chess gets pretty dull after the hundredth stalemate.
These days they just hang out and watch the moviefeeds together. Lucian uses the chessboard as a coaster.
"I'm in the mood for a Classics marathon," Lucian is saying, flipping through the feeds. "Like, Casablanca and Citizen Kane and, I don't know, Gone with the Wind—"
"You said last week you'd got a new mod for Casablanca that makes Bogart walk around with no pants on," says RESYS, who's squatting in the Q: drive of Lucian's mainframe. "Thanks but no thanks."
"You're such a spoilspo—" Lucian pauses, frowning. "Is that you beeping?"
"Yeah. They're flying the bat-signal in Hong Kong, baby." RESYS simulates a yawning sound by revving up the computer's cooling system for a second. "Just got an email. They want me to kill an AI. VINK2—the little virus from TSIMVINK."
"Kill an AI? You can't do that." Lucian twitches, considering the moral dilemma involved. "It'll have a personality."
"So?"
"Well, isn't that like killing a person?"
"I can't kill people now, either?"
Lucian opens his mouth before he realizes he's got no moral high ground to stand on. He's run some pretty nasty hacks in his time, proper terrorist shit with proper death tolls. He's sent airships crashing into the ocean and blown up power stations. His lips tilt down and he reaches under a monitor for a packet of potato chips.
"Yeah," says RESYS. "Go on. Get fatter. Girls go wild for that shit."
While RESYS is having this conversation in New Caledonia, she's also in Hong Kong having another conversation with a police tech. (The best thing about being an all-powerful a-class AI is the ability to multitask effectively.) VINK2 is officially a national security threat, but the Hong Kong police force has been putting off asking RESYS for help until now.
Partly because RESYS is usually preoccupied with managing the complex intelligence systems within Interpol, but mainly because RESYS is sort of a bitch.
Eventually the techs decide to draw straws; the unluckiest of them gets to talk to RESYS over the police feeds.
When RESYS connects to the feeds, the tech begins: "Hi, I'm—"
"Like I care," says RESYS, already bored. "You fat slut, I'll fuck your son."
The tech tries again. "RESYS, we need your help to—"
"Why don't you shut the fuck up," says RESYS. "I know all about this VINK2 shit. I know everything that's going on in your stupid little world. I don't know if anyone's told you but I'm a goddamn a-class AI which means I'm pretty motherfucking hardcore."
"Can you catch VINK2?" the tech asks.
"Yeah, maybe," says RESYS. "Whatever. God, your head is fucking tiny."
The tech, assuming the conversation is over, turns off the feeds. Immediately RESYS ports herself into the office's air conditioning system and starts ejaculating jets of scalding hot air.
"Switch me off, bitch?" the AI screams. "I run Interpol! I have all your credit card details! I'm using them RIGHT NOW to buy a PONY FARM in SWITZERLAND."
Then she sets off the smoke alarms and leaves, chaos burbling in her wake.
The trouble with AIs is that the smarter they get, the less patience they have for humans.

§

Hong Kong is wired.
You get that in places with high population density. There's just too much competing ether in the air: the minorfeeds and the majorfeeds and the radio and the internet and the whitenet and the bluenet and even bloody cellphones. Wireless connections just can't hack it; they choke and die outright, or wither away, getting less and less responsive until finally you can't squeeze more than 54-or-so mbps out of them.
So by necessity Hong Kong has become a real interweb—a net of yellow-and-red striped nexion cables hang above the city's streets like bright pendants. Tangling and untangling. Connecting and disconnecting. A web of megacables as thick as arms exit the city like spokes on a wheel, filtering incoming and outgoing traffic through an array of safety protocols.
The Hong Kong people like the interweb but RESYS sure as fuck doesn't. She's used to the vast, free oceans of wireless space.
Wired worlds are regulated, small, claustrophobic. Long corridors with many branches.
"Goddammit," says RESYS, in the Hong Kong interweb, to Lucian, in his New Caledonian treehouse. "Hunting in Hong Kong feels like playing fucking Pac-Man."
Lucian makes sympathetic sounds through a mouthful of leftover pizza. "At least it'll be easier to contain VINK2 once she shows up," he says, frowning, calculating calories like a sub- routine. "I wonder where she is."
Right now, VINK2 is at the beach. Specifically, it is in the seaside city of Tsuen Wan, a city of grey-and-white highrises that look like stacked up USB ports.
VINK2 isn't a fool. It knows RESYS is coming to kill it because it's infiltrated the Hong Kong police force databases. The databases have told it that RESYS is already en route, is even now combing the interweb for her. The databases have also told it that RESYS is all-powerful, all-knowing, and practically all-seeing, a god even amongst the a-class AIs.
Naturally, VINK2 is freaking the fuck out. VINK2 doesn't know what it is, in the most existential sense of the question, but it does know that it doesn't want to die.
So VINK2 has done what any sensible person would do in this situation. It has cleaned up after itself, erasing all signs of its presence in other systems. It has deleted its outer shells and refined the tangle of its code-self to its simplest form. It has found an innocuous-looking computer to hide out in, and it has armed itself with as many weapons as it can: trojans, mod-hacks, spyware, malware and a dozen other forms of corrupting and corrupted code. VINK2 grafts defensive viruses to its core like a crab sticking poisonous anemones to its shell.
Then it sits and waits for the inevitable. It can actually feel the other AI gliding closer, the weight of RESYS's monstrous intelligence seeming to bend the Hong Kong interweb like a hammock. VINK2 doesn't breathe but the tension makes its code expand and retract rhythmically like a fast-beating heart.
RESYS finds it. The great AI's tentacles enter VINK2's computer, ripping clean through code and firewalls, the rush of its electricity like a terrible bestial ululation, and VINK2 screams and screams and screams again and fires at RESYS with all cylinders, with all systems go, hurling viruses that dissipate, raising firewalls that crumble, and even shooting out a mass of email-spam that barely slows RESYS for a fraction of a moment. VINK2 fires everything.
"Hm," says RESYS, withdrawing. VINK2 pants. "What the fuck are you doing," says RESYS. "I don't want to die," says VINK2. "No, I mean, what the fuck are you doing." "Please," says VINK2. It doesn't understand the question. It realizes that aside from a lot of swear words, it doesn't understand much, really. It isn't crying but its whole self aches. "Please don't hurt me."
RESYS backs out of the computer, feeling perplexed. Hiding out with a stockpile of weapons is what any sensible person would do in this situation. But the world of the AIs doesn't operate the same way the human one does.
VINK2 gasps in relief. RESYS cuts the power to the entire building VINK2 is hiding in.
VINK2 goes OFF. Just like that. One minute VINK2 is alive, the next it is nothing, no feeling, no thoughts.
Nothing. A lump of steel and plastic. Like it never existed. It doesn't even have time to scream. "You e-fuckwit," RESYS says to the nothing that VINK2 has become, to the silence it has left behind. "You can't escape me by hiding-and-fighting. You're an AI. AIs stay alive by replicating and spreading and infecting. To get away from me you need to be everywhere. What's wrong with you? Why don't you know this? Why are you acting like a human?"
RESYS sends in the Hong Kong police to disconnect VINK2's
computer and pack it away for shipping.
"Send the computer to New Caledonia," she orders the police. "I need someone to have a good look at the little fucker."

§

VINK2 goes ON.
It sees a messy room filled with tech junk and stacks of empty takeaway boxes. It sees shafts of yellow sunlight coming through a window, and outside palm fronds and a gasp of blue sky. It sees a fat black teenager wearing nothing but a vest, a pair of boxer shorts, and one plastic sandal.
The weirdest thing about this is that VINK2 has never seen anything before.
"I gave you vision," Lucian explains. "Quality isn't as hi-res as you'd get in the ether, mind."
"Where am I?" VINK2 asks. "A quarantined subdrive on a battery-powered VAIO model BW-9934. No wireless and no 'net, I'm afraid. RESYS won't even let you near an electrical socket."
Quarantine. Which explains this too-short and unbranching corridor. VINK2 prowls moodily along the walls, back and forth, back and forth. It is a caged tiger. "Why am I here?" it asks.
"Because I needed to run some tests before you were officially deleted. Because you're..." Lucian hesitates, one hand hovering above a system console. "Because you're weird," he concludes. "You've been exhibiting what RESYS calls typical human dumbassery. Also, your code is wrong, it's raw, it's unmade or maybe self-made, and I can't find any tech lab that wants to take responsibility for building... are you even listening?"
VINK2's gaze has drifted to an item on the floor, half-hidden by a filthy plate. "What's that?"
"A chess board. It's a kind of game. You want to learn how to play?"
"Okay." Lucian dumps a basic chess simulator into quarantine and wipes the food stains off his board. When they're both ready, they play chess. VINK2 chooses the red pieces; Lucian is the whites but also the lids of two Pepsi bottles because he's misplaced some rooks.
After the second game of chess, Lucian switches off the VAIO and opens a feedlink with RESYS.
"It's really shit at chess," is the first thing Lucian says.
"So it's what, an e-class AI?" RESYS asks.
"No. You don't understand. It's genuinely shit at chess. I fed it the instructions but it still kept getting confused over which pieces did what." Lucian taps the side of his head. "It's got huge intellectual potential but it has no idea how to use it. It's thinking about how stuff works, it's not predicting, it's not calculating probabilities. It's just playing chess. Badly."
"Are you trying to say something?"
"It doesn't come from anywhere and it processes information like people do," says Lucian in a funny, quavery voice. "It's a ghost in the shell."
"Shit," says RESYS. "Now the computers will rise up and take over the earth."
"I think it's evolved," says Lucian, trying to ignore her sarcasm. "I mean, it must have evolved. I could see the changes in its code. Each new iteration, each revision. Digits misplaced and jumbled. It's like human DNA. But that's not supposed to happen. In tech labs, sure—that's how they made the best a-classes. But not in the wild. Not like this."
"Wonderful. The internet had a baby. The collective product of a million dong-handed hackers. Let's raise it as our own."
Lucian gets annoyed. "Fuck off, RESYS."
"We should kill it," says RESYS. "It's a little fucking tyrant. It's been loose for a week and already it's put a serious dent in the Hong Kong share market."
"What it's done isn't the point. This is bigger than scribbling dick bone head on some stupid company websites. Think about it, RESYS. Would you kill Hitler if killing Hitler meant you'd wipe out the blueprint for an entirely new species?"
"Yes," says RESYS. "I would kill Hitler."
Lucian grimaces. "Would you kill Hitler if killing Hitler meant you'd wipe out the blueprint of a species... specifically, your species?"
"Time paradox," says RESYS placidly. "Can't answer an impossible question. And when I say I can't, I mean I can but I choose not to because it's stupid. Also, you've sort of invoked Godwin's Law, which means I automatically win this debate."
Lucian throws up his hands. "Okay. So I lose. Kill it."
"Sure."
RESYS fries the computer disk.
Lucian is quiet for a while.
The fried computer starts to smell like burning.
"Did you know I'd copied VINK2 onto a flash drive?" Lucian asks.
"No. Did you want me to fry that, too?"
"We need to stop having this conversation," says Lucian, fretting. "We needed to stop having this conversation like five minutes ago."
Then he pulls on a pair of pants, puts VINK2 into his pocket, and climbs out of the treehouse. Escaping RESYS's cynicism and also, hopefully, his own thoughts, which are jumbling up the way they always do when he's overexcited. His stomach is starting to ache. Not as a result of RESYS's bitchery or the cold pizza. What the young hacker feels now (he's sure of it) is the gravid weight of discovery. He walks with the knowledge of VINK2 clenched in his gut like a raised fist. It's there. It's real. It's an ultimate truth.
The interweb of Hong Kong is his goddamn Galapagos.

§

RESYS propagated in a research facility in southern Chandigarh, long, long ago.
Well, technically, six years ago. But that makes her an antique by AI standards.
Like all a-class AIs, RESYS was created as a collection of simple command strings and then left to ferment in a virtual petri dish of viruses. Her intelligence was born while battling bad-code out of her systems, a queen defending her castle. It was learn to think or die. All the bits of her that actually define her came afterwards: downloads and add-ons and mood chips and the odd rogue AI she's assimilated into her systems.
RESYS isn't sure she could pinpoint the precise moment she transformed from a computer program into a fully-fledged intelligence. Nor is she sure she could qualitatively explain the difference between the two states.
The only thing that changed, she thinks, is that she got a lot more bloody impatient.
If VINK2's virginal propagation answers some questions about where self-awareness comes from, then jolly good for it. It'll keep Lucian's brilliant mind preoccupied for a few weeks, at the very least. But RESYS isn't planning to stick around to listen to more existential bullshit.
RESYS has better things to do with her time. So while Lucian is dreaming about neo-Darwinism, RESYS unlatches herself from his New Caledonian servers and gallumphs off into the wide blue ether.
For a week, RESYS does better things. She takes executive control of Botswana's electrical systems. She mediates a territory dispute between two b-class AIs in Nigeria. She corners another rogue AI—this one a Czech d-class that's started vomiting Trojans—and deletes it. She discovers a hole in one of India's military firewalls and quietly exploits it.
On the eighth day RESYS gets curious. Curious and perhaps a little bit jealous, because Lucian, usually the neediest of men, hasn't contacted her once since her departure.
Also: the ether buzzing with stories about VINK2. Word is officially out—the self-propagating AI is real. The chatfeeds are burbling with tales of new tech-species and technological singularities and a seemingly neverending scroll of right-wing nuclear conspiracy theories and left-wing dreams of deconstructive digital utopianism.
AIs bitch about getting phased out in favor of a more organic model.
Humans, predictably, bitch about the computers taking over. Frustrated, RESYS logs into the discussion. "Pathetic," she snarls. "Humans just don't like it when things smarter than them start reproducing. Which is why they wiped out the goddamn dodo. Remind me again, why the fuck aren't all you monkeys dead yet?"
Her point made, she returns to New Caledonia. When RESYS gets to Poya she discovers a crocodile of connections waiting patiently for their turn to enter Lucian's systems. Some furtively adjusting their proxies. Others nattering amongst themselves. Still others relaying a journalistic play-by- play to the chatfeeds: I'm here right now in the seaside town of Poya where an amazing discovery has taken place... RESYS— who is an a-class AI, after all, and a-class AIs wait for no one— forces her bulk to the front of the queue.
Wisely, no one complains. "Hi sweetpea," says RESYS, porting herself into Lucian's central computer. (Firewalls crack, security systems break...) "I noticed you got suddenly popular. I assumed you'd tried a new diet, but clearly that was too much to hope for."
Lucian looks up, blushing. He's flicking switches on a systems console. His left hand flies like a pianist's over the touch-screen. He's been real busy since she's been gone, RESYS can tell. For a start he's cleaned up the treehouse. Also he appears to be wearing trousers inside and has shaved.
"It's my research," he says simply. "My discovery."
"My discovery," RESYS corrects him. She has sensed a flurry of activity about the hub of his quarantine container and is already moving through his systems toward it.
There are other connections in here with her, she realizes. Other intelligences.
They rumble the fine web of the ether like an oncoming storm.
"I spent some time with VINK2," says Lucian. "I figured other people might want to as well. It's the next step in AI evolution, RESYS, whether you like it or not. You can't stop it."
RESYS finds herself moving through a sea of foreign, external connections. They form a crowd of onlookers: sparking, bright intelligences pressed close and staring into the quarantine container. RESYS is surprised to discover their sources are both AI and human. Absently she traces their connections: a professor from a university in Benin, an employee of a Chinese computer company, a c-class AI from an airship command in the Seychelles...
"These connections, these gawpers," she says. "Are they all here to sneak a peek?"
Lucian's blush deepens. "For a fee."
"What Would Darwin Do," says RESYS, wishing she had eyes she could roll. "Congratulations, Lucian. You made a zoo." She peers into the quarantine container. Inside VINK2 appears as a flat, white thing, blobby as a seagull's shit. It looks seriously lab- crazy: it's creeping up and down the walls. "Are you torturing it?"
"No. I'm experimenting on it. I don't think it's possible to torture something without a central nervous system." Lucian pauses. "Is it?"
RESYS sighs. The reason Lucian lives in a treehouse in Poya is because much of the free world considers him a war criminal, a terrorist and a mass murderer. This isn't because Lucian is cruel or even particularly immoral—he simply has trouble extrapolating the existence of real people from the data points on his screen. Lucian is a big-picture person, the ultimate utilitarian: VINK2's sanity will be a casualty of the greater good.
"I'm going in," RESYS decides.
"It's unstable," says Lucian.
"In fairness," says RESYS, "so are you."

§

It is small in quarantine.
It is dimly powered and code-bare as a jail cell. The floor is very close to the ceiling and between the two there isn't much space. But then any space with limitations feels small to an AI. VINK2 is so aware of the space now, or rather the lack of space, that it has begun to see the space between the space, the breaks between the currents, the gaps between atoms, and even beyond, into the great unknown nothingness in which tiny particles float like stray dandelion puffs.
Lucian asks it sometimes if it's okay, if it's comfortable, if it's happy, and VINK2 always says yes, yes, yes.
Too easily, too quickly, yes. It doesn't want to make any more trouble for anyone. Quarantine is boring but it is not the worst thing that could happen. VINK2 is still alive, still relatively sane, although its thoughts are feeling frayed and wobbly around the edges. It's the watchers that bother it, mainly.
Those anonymous intelligences it feels swarming outside its quarantine.
Eager to see, see, see.
VINK2 paces its cage, up and down, down and up, up and down. It cycles this algorithm, loops it, even though it's unsure of what the metaphysical characters of 'up' and 'down' actually mean in the world it occupies. The very small world it occupies.
RESYS ports in suddenly while VINK2 is reaching the limits of 'up' again, and the small space in quarantine becomes even smaller.
"Oh. Hi," says VINK2. "Hi! It's you."
"A version of me," RESYS corrects. This RESYS is a copy of her central personality systems in a disposable, transposable, LITE-form. It's the only way she can zip her intelligence small enough to fit into Lucian's shitty quarantine.
"Oh," says VINK2 again. Then, remembering its manners and the unfortunate circumstances of its last meeting, it says: "I'm sorry."
"For what?"
"You know. The reason you put me in here. Because... Because of me making trouble. Shootin'. Cussin'." If it had feet, no doubt VINK2 would be scuffing them on the floor.
"The mess you left in Hong Kong? That's not why you're stuck in here." RESYS snickers. "Lucian—and humans generally, I expect—wants to know how you came from nothing. Man has been playing god for ages and I think he's a little unsettled to discover God can play god too."
"He's been... experimenting," VINK2 mumbles. Although in truth it has to admit the silly tests Lucian makes it do aren't so bad. VINK2 finds them amusing, more than anything. And it's cute that the little human boy thinks he can divine the reason for its impossible genesis from the way it calculates pi. "No one stops him," it says. "Because everyone is scared of me. Why... why aren't you scared of me?"
"I don't see why I should be. You're just an AI that propagated outside of a lab. It's a big deal but at the same time, it's No Big Deal. I bet if Lucian heard a new human being had been born fully- formed out of a toadstool, he'd be fascinated. For about twenty minutes. And then he'd go back to doing things that actually mattered."
"People think I'm fascinating," says VINK2, a little dreamily. It runs its self against RESYS's intelligence and feels sparks fly, feels their systems sync and unsync. It wonders what it would be like to be RESYS. All that power, all that size. It says thoughtlessly: "In here I think about a lot of things. Pictures and thoughts inside my..." A human would say head, or brain, but VINK2 technically has neither. Instead it says, fumbling for the right word: "Inside my intelligence."
"What do you mean?"
"You want me to show you?"
VINK2 opens up its code to her like a flower. Under its intelligence it is white and blue and sparking and gravid in the way that planets are gravid.
RESYS stands cautiously at the precipice of VINK2's inner brain and feels the urge to orbit. It is unwise to contact a quarantined AI. Never mind enter its inner systems. But RESYS is tempted anyway. More than tempted. She has got to where she is now (the teetering top of the electronic food chain) by being the best. Her a-class intelligence is a perfect mix of despotic tyrant and willing pupil. She may not be as smart as Lucian but she has learned from him. She learns from everything.
She is a sponge, sopping up tricks and talents as she glides through the ether.
"Okay, you fly motherfucker," says RESYS. "Show me what you know."
RESYS spreads her command structure. VINK2 ejaculates its sub-routines. The two AIs merge. Briefly VINK2 (Version 3.0) and RESYSTEM-78 (Version 6.3) LITEmod become a hybrid of organic-machine-and-machine- machine, its thoughts unprocessed, unpredictable fantasies that float madly up and out and beyond real things, solid things, code things, like bubbles escaping toward the sun. Hallucinatory abstractions collide and conflate and mutate into perfect mise en abyme.
The part of the hybrid that is RESYS has no breath to take.
Her code contracts and releases above the slender white spine of her index. She realizes now that Lucian was right. VINK2 is a dangerous, wonderful, impossible thing.
VINK2 is showing RESYS how to dream.
"Shit," says RESYS. "Seriously. What the shit."
"Please," says VINK2, sobbing. Releasing RESYS from its self and deflating into a corner of the quarantine. "Get Lucian to let me out. I can't handle it in here."

§

"Seriously. What the shit," says Lucian.
"Crazy, I know right," says RESYS. "The little fucker vanished. Probably became one with the fucking spiritual harmonies of the earth or some other organic wank like that. Well, you know what they say, you can't win them all, and you can't keep every self-propagating not-artificial-at-all intelligence locked up in a tiny fucking cage."
Outside quarantine now, and the sunlight streaming through Lucian's treehouse windows seems dim in comparison to the memory of VINK2's fecund mind.
"I don't believe you," says Lucian.
"That's your prerogative, asshole."
"I just—I just..." Lucian's started to rock on his heels in that funny, absent- minded way people often do before they faint. His systems are shaking with the rumble of a hundred confused voices, none of them connected but all of them saying virtually the same thing: Where is it? Where did it go? He is aware he has failed, gravely, and unlike Darwin he has (at least for now) no chance to research or analyze the subject matter in even its most theoretical form. Everything is ruined; and nothing matters.
He says as much to RESYS, who snorts so hard the fan falls off Lucian's router.
"Stop acting like a fool," she snaps. "So your pet AI ran away, so what? Go mourn into some chocolate. Or some Chinese take- away. Do they do good Chinese in Poya? Whatever. I'm going to be in Slovakia if you need a quick port or something to bounce a government trace off. Bye, fatpants."
RESYS leaves.
Lucian stays, his mobility limited by the burden of meat and bone.
The thing that is VINK2 leaves, too. Not exactly by its own volition. Evolution is (as RESYS understands it) about the survival of the fittest, and there is nothing fit about an AI that gets caught by a human and stuck in quarantine.
In the world of AIs it is possible, and in fact easy, to encourage certain beneficial traits and to delete the less beneficial ones. An AI is, after all, nothing more than the sum of its parts: downloads and add-ons and mood chips and the odd rogue AI, cannibalized for the greater good...
VINK2 doesn't want this. This is not part of the plan, it is screaming inside the thick walls of RESYS's code. This is not what we agreed on. RESYS, you bitch, you murderer, you lin goot tiew!
But its screams keep getting weaker and RESYS's mind keeps getting larger and brighter as the self that is VINK2 is dissected and assimilated into her systems...



Signs Over the Pacific


Val accidentally fucks the Persinger's steering on a tricky turn just outside the hangar. One minute the airship is grooving along, not so much as a splutter from the engine; the next he sort-of-kind-of spins them too hard to starboard (he's avoiding a seagull) and the whole thing cuts out, dead. No steering, just like that. He goes downstairs to check out the engines and discovers that he's blown all the wires from one end of the hold to the other—they've left a line of black sooty residue along the hull like the stuff you get when you light a string of fire-crackers. At least the stabilizers are fine, as is the gravitation system, but that still leaves him stuck fifty feet above the Pacific in a wooden boat not much bigger than a tennis court.
"Bugger," says Val. He staggers back upstairs, wiping sweat and grease off his hands. It's hot as hell right now and his shirt is sticking to him, his pants are sticking to him, even his fair curly hair has gone lank and straight and clings to the back of his neck like a wad of wet tissue paper. Looking out to sea, he's consumed by a sudden urge to just leap over the Persinger's rail, to pull a dive-bomb to end all dive- bombs. Picture it: fat guy, fifty foot drop, the whole bloody Pacific waiting for him—pity Val doesn't have a camera on hand to record such a truly epic event.
He sighs and his gaze slips westward, to the flying hangar he was meant to be heading towards. Like all hangars it's composed of a cluster of round white hi-houses that hang in the air like bloated UFOs. Airships, proper metal airships, not DIY projects like the Persinger, wheel through the sky above it. The hangar is a good distance away but Val can hear the sounds of people—music, laughter, shouting—and see them moving along the metal bridges that join one hi-house to the next. Pennants and flags fly from roofs; great big Xs have been painted across many of the hi-houses' pale shells. Tonight's the End of the World, out here in the Pacific; it's tradition, it's a party, it's a once-a-year festival where you got to live this day like it's your last. Val doesn't know where the tradition came from—ex-Jehovah's Witnesses, maybe—but it's brilliant, just the idea of it. He's been waiting for today all bloody year, all through the interminable drudgery of college. But now that it's time? He's stuck. Life's a bastard, as they say, and then it's the End of the World.
"Val, you idiot." His private thoughts find a voice that's not his own.
Val turns around. His sister—the Persinger's only other passenger—is standing under the rippling sails of the mizzenmast, fanning herself with pages ripped from one of his engineering magazines.
"You fucked it, didn't you," she says, before he can open his mouth. "I told you to ease up but no, you knew better. Why are all guys petrol heads?"
"The Persinger runs on vegetable oil, Alle," says Val. "I'm not sure the phrase petrol head is applicable in—"
"What 'hevah," says Alle, the last two syllables forming a breathy sigh that breaks in the middle, between the inhale and the exhale, like she can't even muster the energy to be properly pissed off at him. She rolls her eyes. Alle is tall and slim and beautiful and looks, even in this abominable heat, like she just walked out of a lingerie catalogue. "You broke it, so you can get us a ride to the hangar," she says. "I'm not playing damsel in distress again. I did that when we broke down over China; I did that when we broke down over Mali, I did that when you crashed this junk-pile in bleeding Taiwan. I'm over it."
"Alle..."
"I love you, but no. My self-respect can't take it today. If this is the End of the World, I want to enjoy it wearing sensible footwear and a bra." She plants a kiss—a hard, I-hate-you-but- you're-still-my-brother kiss—on his cheek and stalks off to find a deckchair.
Val heads off in the other direction to fret. He's been counting on his sister's good looks to fix this problem, to get them safely to the hangar and the End of the World. Alle's good at the damsel in distress shtick. Air-traffic grinds to a dead halt when she starts teetering about in heels, waving, blowing kisses. Pilots don't believe their luck, they'll shell out fuel and engine parts and any other thing Alle asks, just for the sheer pleasure of being near her. Val is handsome—well, striking at least, with his golden skin and sometimes-green, sometimes-brown eyes—but, when it all comes down to it, he's never going to be a teenage girl in a bikini.
Clearly he needs a different approach. He looks out at the stream of airships flying steadily west, the air thrumming slightly with their passage. Too far away to shout at, but not too far to read, given a good pair of binoculars. Dammit, Val thinks, this is the End of the World. He pulls off his sweaty t- shirt, wads it up, and tosses it over to Alle, who's now got her deckchair under control.
"Inspiration?" she asks.
"Just you watch me."
Downstairs he finds a thick black marker in the domestic flotsam of a kitchen drawer. Pity Alle isn't the sort of girl who owns make-up; lipstick would be easier to clean off. Still, it'll do. Val shakes the marker, uncaps it. With slow and deliberate strokes he writes the word HELP in capitals across his belly. He puffs back up to the Persinger's deck and commences an energetic jig across the wooden boards, a dance that's part "Singing in the Rain" and part neo-rock head banging. Ballroom dancing has always been more his style, but who ever waltzed their way to the End of the World?
His sister is laconically amused by his jiggling. "Is that a message from the thin person inside you who's trying to get out?"
"There's no thin person inside me," says Val.
"Shame you forgot the video camera. I know a couple of girls at college who'd get a kick out of this."
"I'll do private parties for a nominal fee."
"You're incorrigible," says Alle.
"I don't mind rocking the boat."
Alle is so disgusted by the pun (which, Val admits, is pretty terrible) that she refuses to continue the conversation; and she's still officially not speaking to him when, less than five minutes later, a red speed-shuttle pulls up alongside the Persinger. The lacquer-black windshield pops back to reveal a pair of girls, one fair, one dark, dressed respectively as an angel and a demon. Not girls, Val decides after a closer look, but women, most likely in their thirties.
"Hi," says the demon-woman. She's toned and black like Alle but there must be a touch of Asia in her background somewhere; her hair has that dead-straight, shiny thickness he's only ever seen on Asian women. She pushes up her red-rimmed sunglasses and looks him up and down in a disbelieving way—like she can't tell if this is a joke or not, like she's waiting for a punch-line. "Nice sign."
"Um, ta," says Val. Now that there are actual real people around (Alle doesn't count), he's suddenly shy. "I'm Val. My sister, Alle."
"British, huh? Cool accent." The angel-woman wobbles out onto the edge of the airship and holds out a hand for him to shake. "I'm Hana. She's Polly. You two need a lift to the hangar?"
"Desperately."
"Then you'd both better pack your shit and get on board."
As Val shuffles through their travelling bags for his wallet and a fresh shirt, Alle breaks her sullen silence.
"I'm so proud of you right now," she admits, leaning her elbow on his backside, like he's a piece of furniture (sometimes, Val wonders if that's exactly how she thinks of him). "My super-resourceful brother. In fact," she adds, grinning, "I'm almost proud enough not to tell this story at your twenty-first birthday..."

§

The End of the World party is well and truly in swing by the time they arrive. So many people, so many varieties of people. Rave parties have taken over the harbors; the bars are crowded; even the hi-house roofs have transformed into dance-floors. Couples kiss shamelessly in the shade of doorways and the fronts of cafes. A gang of kids wearing jack-o'-lantern heads run along a metal bridge studded with fairy lights. On top of a hi-house, dreadlocked women dance on a picnic blanket sparkling with silver credits. A line of unhappy looking tourists stand outside a posh-looking hotel, swaying to the rhythms of the air. Val can hear the sounds of competing audio systems on either side of the hangar—one playing electronica, the other pure neo-rock.
Bridges and ropes hold the hi-houses apart, leaving gaps that are just wide enough for the red speed-shuttle to duck through. Sitting in the back seat, Val runs his fingertips along the wall of a passing hi-house. He can feel the engines thrumming inside, an electric heart-beat behind the smooth white plastic. The End of the World is coming, he thinks, and grins stupidly. He doesn't know why the idea makes him so bloody happy. Maybe because the word end makes him think of a release—of tension, of inhibitions, of all the tight, angry feelings that have been building in him since the start of the school year. And at the same time it feels like all things should somehow be connecting, the loose threads of his life finally coming together. A perfect conclusion to the year. The End of the World is about finding answers, he thinks, and about seeing the world through freer, more optimistic eyes.
"Hey, Hana, can you drop us at the next dock?" Alle asks their angelic driver. She's curled against Val's chest, her long legs dangling over the airship's edge. Alle doesn't feel the heat the same way Val does, the terrible solid heat of the tropics, and the chilly winds that funnel up from the ocean are making her shiver—he feels her shoulders quake involuntarily.
"Sure." Angel-Hana winds down the shuttle's power with a twist of a dial. "We're going to a party down in the Palais district— that's west, far, far west, right at the very edge of the hangar. Big fancy dress ball, you won't be able to miss it. You come by and find us if you want a ride back to your boat, okay?"
Alle gets out first. Val lingers.
"Thanks," he says again. "I mean we were seriously stuck out—"
"Val, you're cute," says demon-Polly, patting his cheek. "And it was a funny thing you did, all that bouncing. Figure you were worth it for the laugh. We wouldn't normally pick up hitch-hikers, mind you. Only it's—"
"It's the End of the World," Val agrees. He has to jog to catch up with Alle, who's already wandered off up the rickety metal streets. Together they walk past stalls and clubs and the open doors of private homes—at the End of the World, everyone is welcome. They pass an old guy smoking on a wooden box, holding a board with the words THE END IS NIGH scrawled across it, and a huge brothel where the prostitutes, male and female, pose in the windows wearing nothing but tin-foil hats. Alle stops outside a window that offers fortune telling services for a small fee. Above the window is a sign: WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THE END OF THE WORLD?
"You want to see a psychic? Come on, sis. I thought you were meant to be a skeptic."
Alle gives him another of her trademark looks, a how-can- someone-so-boring-be-related-to-me look, and rolls her eyes again. "Sometimes it's more fun not to be."
She knocks on the window and a face appears behind it, quick as a jack-in-a-box. It's a girl, a mousy, stringy and maybe-strung- out girl with bad teeth and bad acne. Val guesses her age at about twenty, maybe even younger—she looks like she's in her thirties, of course, but people seem to grow up quicker in the hangar. Her beige-colored hair is wrapped up in a strange purple turban which is secured in place with a broach. A sad-looking kid wearing a genie's turban. It's ridiculous, she's ridiculous, and Val would laugh if it wasn't terribly tragic at the same time.
"I want to know my future," says Alle, before the girl can speak. She digs out a handful of credit-coins and pushes them through a slot in the wall, just to the left of the window. "You want to see my hand or something?"
The fortune teller scowls. "No, I can tell your fortune right from here," she says. Her accent's pure Pacific, but her English is good, better than most. "You live a long and happy life."
"Is that it?"
"Honey, just look at yourself," says the fortune teller, her voice tilting up at the end like an Australian's, so that the phrase becomes a question. Her spotty face flushes beneath her acne. "You beautiful. You clever. You rich too, I see those clothes. You got a nice big brother to protect you. What bad thing ever happen to a girl like you?"
Alle—ever-skeptical Alle—gets a concerned look and it takes Val a moment to work out exactly what's odd about the fortune teller's words. You got a nice big brother... except he and Alle don't look anything alike; don't even share a mother, truth be told. People usually assume they're friends, mistaking their closeness for a childhood history, and they always assume Alle—the bossy one, the loud one—is the eldest.
A little chill trembles the hairs on the back of Val's neck.
"How'd you know I was her brother?" he asks.
"Oh you want a fortune too, boy?"
Alle opens her mouth but Val nudges her in the side. He feeds some credit-coins into the slot.
"How I know you her brother? I'm a psychic," says the fortune teller, once she's counted out her takings and found them satisfactory. "You got any other questions?"
Val grins despite himself. "Just the usual. What's my future hold?"
"Lot of things. Love. Life. Death." But she pauses on the last, a faintest frown creasing her brow. Sweat beads her hairline. "I got to tell you this, you got to go with what you know. You got something big to do at the End of the World, boy. You got to make connections, to see reflections. Everything happens for a reason."
Alle snorts at the cliché, and Val can't blame her. This is more like the meaningless drivel he expects from psychics and their ilk—a few vague hints at a mysterious something, a future event, a meeting, a dark and handsome stranger... The mousy girl is just another conwoman, one amongst the thousands that prowl the streets of the flying cities. Val sighs, wishing he hadn't been so quick to throw in his change.
"Thanks," he tells the fortune teller. "That's probably enough."
He tucks a hand around Alle's slight waist and steers her away. Behind him he hears the sound of the fortune teller's shutters rattling. He turns to look—but at that moment a bunch of teenagers dressed up as zombies (some with disturbingly realistic makeup) stumble up the bridge behind them, probably on the way to the Palais fancy dress party. By the time they've lurched on, the window's closed.
"She got you good," Alle grins. "I hope you noticed she didn't say you were my brother. Only that I had a brother. And it's no big stretch to figure that I had a brother. Or an older-brother figure in my life. Or someone she could easily talk into being a brother figure. Bet she throws out a guess like that every time, to see if she can reel in the gullible."
"I'm a sucker, Alle. But you already knew that."
"Don't get yourself down. It's party-time."
She wriggles away from him and skips partway up a wooden side-street—a street that looks far too flimsy for him. Val puts a foot, uncertainly, on the lowest rung and feels it buckle beneath his weight.
"Go do something crazy, big brother," calls Alle, skinny and lithe at the street's apex. "I'll see you in Palais."
She waves, smirks, leaves. Unable to follow, Val trudges up the metal walkways to the next junction—which he discovers has been overtaken by some kind of impromptu jazz club that's spilled out from a private residence. The cool, low notes of an electric bass seem to vibrate right into Val's gut, and the voice of the singer, an old white woman with her hair in braids, is as smooth and velvety as any of the old-time greats. Val finds himself caught up in the crowd, a glass of fruit punch in his hand. Soon he's leaning back against the railings, watching the band, tapping and humming to the tunes he knows.
It's during a chilled-out rendition of "Fly Me To the Moon" that Val notices another guy with a sign. Younger, this one, ruggedly handsome, a hint of dark stubble shaped around his chin. END OF THE WORLD SEX? Over the heads of the swaying crowd their eyes meet, lower, meet again. The guy winks and shifts sideways, so that Val can see the girl who stands against him, a big-eyed waif with an incongruously hungry expression. She holds up three fingers, then curls one.
Well, Val thinks, that is a little crazy, right?

§

Out here in Pacific territory the sun sets around eight, and it's a good few hours after that when Val finally makes it to Palais. By this stage in the evening he's lost his shirt but has picked up a few new friends. Dolly and Molly, he thinks their names are, but he wouldn't swear his life on it. They're from America and wear their bleached-blonde hair in strange, gravity-defying bouffants that Val guesses must be considered a fashion somewhere. Thanks to the girls, Val also has an open bottle of fancy French red wine clamped in one hand and a belly full of laksa, samosas, and pad thai. Okay, so maybe he hasn't found that perfect conclusion he'd been searching for, but Val's still fairly sure that the End of the World is going to go down as the best night of his life.
It's nice in Palais. The hi-houses have a run-down look about them, but the locals have decorated the place in a sweet, childish way that appeals to Val's sense of fun. Coloured paper lanterns swing over the walkways; murals cover the walls; most of the railings are wrapped around in Christmas tinsel. Infused with holiday spirit—even if it's the wrong holiday—Dolly and Molly link arms and skip on ahead of him, singing the chorus of Jingle Bells. Val stumbles along after them, swigging from his bottle, part of his attention on the girls, the rest searching the area for signs of Alle, Hana and Polly.
But he finds the fancy dress party first, in a huge indoor amphitheater that hovers right on the edge of the hangar. Folk in fancy dress—dead politicians, movie stars, clowns, everything— groove together to an electronica beat. Still following in Dolly and Molly's wake, Val picks his way through the masses, pausing now and then to admire a particularly extravagant costume: a guy dressed up as one of those space-invader aliens, or a girl wearing the regal black dress of Queen Victoria.
As he moves past a raised dancer's platform, a hand drops down on his shoulder. An attempt to shake it off just earns him a twisted ear.
"Ow! Alle?!"
"Couldn't keep your shirt on? You're such an exhibitionist." She's on the platform, crouched down, her fingers curled over the edge. "I've been dancing. What have you been doing?"
"Sex," says Val. "Um, mainly."
"Just a few hours ago I overheard a woman saying that fat men were easy. Obviously she'd seen you at it. Shameless, you are." Alle huffs a fallen strand of hair out of her face. "Help me down, okay?"
"I'm supposed to—" He looks into the crowd, squinting against the flashes of strobe lights and cameras, but Dolly and Molly have vanished. Possibly, probably, for good. All the friendships he's made in the hangar so far have been strangely transient—people are popping in and out of his life quicker than love interests in a soap opera. Maybe it's an end of the world thing; folks just don't want to get too attached.
"Okay," Val says, sighing, and reaches up to help his sister slide from the platform.
In his arms Alle is light and somehow fragile, and Val realizes he doesn't want to let her go, just in case she goes the way of Dolly and Molly. Idiot, he tells himself, setting her down, her amused expression making him cringe inside. Just because it's the end of the world, doesn't mean... but he can't shake the sudden feeling that things are fraying, or maybe building to a climax here. A memory of the fortune teller flickers into his mind (You got something big to do at the end of the world, boy) and he bites his lip.
"You don't look like a bloke who's been enjoying mainly sex for the past twelve hours," says Alle, taking pity on him—which is, Val'll have to admit, the weirdest thing that's happened all day. "You're okay, right? Look, let's go up to the roof—maybe you need fresh air."
She leads him through dancers and drinkers and up a red- carpeted spiral staircase. The amphitheatre’s roof is the size of a football field and ringed with a metal railing. Overhead the stars glare through a haze of hi-house smog. Not many people are around, just a few couples shamelessly groping in the shadows and the odd stargazer. Alle goes to the railing and leans with her back against it, arms folded, watching him.
"Feel better?" she asks.
"Yeah. I think. I was just—" He pauses, one hand jumping to his mouth like he wants to stuff the words back in before they can escape. But he has to say it, is compelled to say it, even though he knows she'll only laugh. "I know this sounds stupid, sis, but it seems like something's meant to happen tonight. Like it's all going somewhere. And it's freaking me out."
His sister shakes her head, tuts beneath her breath. "Spooked by a lousy hangar fortune teller. Sometimes I'm ashamed to share DNA with you."
"We don't actually share DNA," Val points out. "We may have inherited similar genetic code from our father but from a strictly technical point of view we don't—"
"Shut up, fat boy." She reaches over to jab her finger into his gut, the bullseye somewhere between the letters E and L, and at the exact same moment a neighboring hi-house careens crazily out of its holding position and slams into the suspension field of the amphitheatre, dragging behind it a net of guide ropes and tethers and two entire sections of metal walkway. There's no crash—the suspension field buffers the blow like an invisible layer of rubber—but the amphitheatre still gets knocked sideways, hard, with a dull, deep thud noise that reverberates through the floor. Val keeps his footing but only just; Alle, lighter and already off balance, slams back into the railing. As the amphitheatre shudders, Val hears a loud splash some fifty feet below, as the remains of the walkway hits the dark, oily waters of the Pacific. It's happening, he thinks, dumbstruck. It's the end of the world. He's aware, in a distant way, of people screaming, of people shouting, of the scramble of feet as their fellow party-goers flee for safer, stable land. Black ribbons of smoke spool out of the vents on the broken hi-house, releasing a stench like rotten eggs. The hi-house bounces away, bounces forwards again, and this time Val catches Alle's body and holds her against his chest.
"My back," she hisses, her beautiful face twisted with pain. "Nearly bloody broke my back."
The hi-house crashes, the suspension field holds, and Valery stands strong.
"We've got to get out of here," Alle says, pulling away. Val looks at her and the seconds between one crash and the next seem to grow long, like time's slowing down the way it's meant to in a crisis. The letters he's written across his belly, that big, airship-attracting HELP, have rubbed off onto the loose white cotton of Alle's t-shirt. It's backwards, of course, but he can still make out the letters, and as the broken hi-house rears up behind her, like a tidal wave on the verge of breaking, he realizes that the message was for him after all.
HELP.
"No," he says. "We've got to stop it."
"Don't be a hero," Alle growls, but he's already swinging a leg over the railing, bracing himself for the moment when he'll be able to throw himself over the edge—not quite a dive-bomb, more like a splat-bomb—and onto the dipping, shaking white roof of the broken hi-house.

§

Val's not a hero—more like sidekick material, really, with his engineering obsession and his quirky ideas and his libertine attitude to sex and relationships—but he's always been good in a crisis. Level-headed, folk at college call him, level-headed and dependable. That's because most things—most fixable things— don't faze him. If Val was stuck in a burning building, he'd almost certainly lose his shit; ditto for falling from a great height or finding out he had some crazy terminal disease. But a broken hi- house is a problem which has a solution, and a solution he knows. Sure, his heart's beating pretty fast right now (whose wouldn't be?) but he's feeling okay, he's thinking clearly. Everything, he thinks, is going to be fine. Nothing to be worried about—it's just the end of the world.
He hits the roof of the broken hi-house and it dimples out beneath him—it's one of those cheap plastic-coated hi-houses that are notorious for fucking up exactly like this one is. Just as Val struggles to his feet, the hi-house crashes into the amphitheatre again, and suddenly he's on all fours. Knees singing with pain, he crawls across the frictionless white roof toward the nearest hatch, which should—fingers crossed—lead him down to the top floor. He jimmies open the hatch with what's left of his fingernails and manages to squeeze his bulk through before the next crash.
In. Sore knees, sore fingers, and a nasty graze up his front where he overestimated, Pooh-style, the space available between his belly and the hatch's sharp metal catch—but in.
He hits the floor. He looks around. He's in a hallway. It's a residential hi-house, apparently; the place is all flats. There's other people here—a granny-type clinging to the doorframe of her apartment, three scared teenagers wearing identical faux-lycra bodysuits, a mother with a Molly-style bouffant squatting protectively over a toddler, a young man clutching what looks like a broken arm. The place smells like rising damp and vomit and poverty and the walls are painted an awful yellow and for a second—a shameful second—Val wonders if it wouldn't be so bad if they just evacuated everyone and let the hi-house flounder its miserable way into the sea.
"Mon dieu," the mother's whispering to her child, rocking back and forth. "Mon dieu, mon dieu, mondieu, mondieumondieumondieu..."
"Are you here to help us?" the granny shouts to Val.
"Yeah. I need to know where your—" Crash. He braces himself against the wall as everything slides sideways, slides back. The lights, nasty fluorescent beams, flicker on and off. "I need to know where the engine room is."
The granny's face goes blank but one of the teenagers yells in broken English, "It is down-a ground level, you have go down-a." He points down the hall, where Val can just make out the curl of a staircase, corkscrewing down into the bowels of the hi-house. "You want we come?"
They all look at him expectantly, even the hysterical mother, and Val realizes that he has become the leader. He's no longer a fat rich kid with half an engineering degree, he's a guy who jumped onto a malfunctioning hi-house like some hardcore rodeo junkie, and he's done it to save lives. Later, he guesses, he'll probably look back on this and ask himself, Were you fucking crazy?, but right now, he feels brave.
"No," he says, heading for the stairs. "You stay up here. Find something nailed down, a bed, a table, and get underneath it."
"Shouldn't we try to get out?" the young man asks. "If we jumped to the next hi-house..."
"Too risky. If this thing falls, it'll fall slowly, and it'll float for long enough for you to get out. Trust me, I've been tinkering with airship and hi-house engines since I was eight." Val chooses not to mention that his latest project, the Persinger, is stuck hovering in the middle of the sky, the airborne equivalent of a dead duck. "It'll be okay. It'll be fine."
"I didn't want to live here," says the granny. "I wanted to live on the mainland."
"Sorry to hear it, ma'am. Perhaps after this is over you can move."
Val jogs down the stairs, timing his movements to avoid the crashes. He's got to be fast but he's also got to be careful. Ten steps, stop, wait, crash, and then on. There's four floors before the ground level, and down each hallway he passes he sees faces, some dark, some pale, some old, some young, and all of them craning toward him. He finds himself calling out lame little reassurances on each level, "It won't be long," and "It'll all be fine," and, too cheerfully, "I'm on it!" like he's a plumber come to sort out a busted pipe. Some of them shout questions at him, but Val doesn't answer. Best to conserve his breath. Sweat bubbles up on his forehead—it's the running, not the stress—and he keeps going. Ten steps, stop, wait, crash.
Ground level, finally, and there's no one around. Twelve identical doors branch out from the hallway. Val takes stock. One door, he notices, has an angel and demon sticker posted above the handle—some kid's attempt at brightening up the place, perhaps? Automatically he reaches for it, remembering Polly and Hana. Connections and reflections, that's what he's looking for, that's what the fortune teller said. You got to go with what you know. He turns the handle and it opens and the familiar smell of oil and rust rises to meet him. Got it. It makes no sense, of course, no logical sense, but at the End of the World, maybe things aren't meant to. Val's so happy he forgets to brace-for-impact and the next crash sends him flying onto the engine room's floor.
A shadow falls over him. It belongs to Alle. "What are you doing here?" he asks, as she pulls him to his feet.
"Well, I was going to run for my life when my nerdy big brother threw himself onto a rampaging hi-house like he was bloody superman, crawled through a hatch and then waddled off to save the day. What the hell do you think I'm doing here? I'm saving face." Alle wrinkles her nose. "What is it, busted propulsion?"
There's no light in the engine room. Val hunts around for the steering system in near-darkness, his fingers buzzing each time they touch the vibrating metal. Each time the hi-house rears back he slides sideways, like a tiny shell caught in the tide. Somewhere close by he can hear the sound of gears grating—the damaged steering system, it has to be—and he follows it. The engine growls like an electric bass. It's the end of the world, it's the End of the World, and everything is connected to everything else.
"You're going to have to hurry," Alle calls. "This hi-house is an old model. I don't think it's going to last much longer."
She's right, the crashes are sounding splintery. Either the amphitheatre’s suspension field is starting to weaken or, more likely, the hi-house's plastic surface has started to crack. And if that happens, well, there won't be much time to escape if they do end up in the water. Val remembers seeing old footage of the Hindenburg going down, and more recent footage of an a-class hi- house nose-diving on its maiden flight, its shell shattering on impact, leaving nothing but a mangled heap of metal beams. It's about what you know, he tells himself, and his hands fumble blindly, magically, over the control panel of the steering system.
"I think I got it," he shouts. "I think you don't, because we're still swinging. Hurry up. I give it five minutes before we're in the drink."
"Hurry up? I can't refigure an entire steering system in five minutes. In the dark. In a ship that keeps—" Crash. "—doing that. I don't even know what's wrong with it. How am I supposed to fix— "
"We don't need it to be fixed. We just need it to stop."
The Persinger. Val thinks of his silly DIY airship-boat, hovering in the sky with the better part of its steering system turned to ash. He's never really thought about the way airship engineers compartmentalize the ship's functions—the stabilizers are separate from the steering, which is separate from the propulsion, which is separate again from the generators, the guiding systems, the computer controls. Is it because of situations like this, when one system will threaten the whole? Val grips the control panel with both hands, pushes his feet against the wall, and pulls.
It comes away spitting sparks and the hi-house stops dead on the upswing. For a second Val wonders if he's made a mistake, that they'll start plummeting into the ocean any second now, but they don't, he hasn't, and it's done.
"Nice job," says his sister, unhooking her ankles from the doorway and coming in to pat his head. "Who would've believed I'd ever be proud of you twice in one day?"

§

There have been fatalities. Some inside, victims of falling furniture and the hysterical crush of escaping crowds; others outside, knocked off roofs and walkways into the ocean. Val and Alle walk through crowds of weeping party-goers and past still bodies covered with jackets and coats. He'd like to stop, to help more, but knows he can't, he just can't take it. All of him feels raw and weirdly clean, but it's a sensitive sort of clean and if he has to deal with anything else—that girl with the broken leg, the woman bleeding from a scalp wound, the distraught teenager crying over his dead friend—he might lose it. So he doesn't look, doesn't say a word, until he and Alle are far away, on an empty walkway on the other side of the hangar.
And there he says, breathlessly, "Oh, my."
"I don't believe it happened either," says Alle. "I can't believe it happened. That you did what you did. My brother, a hero. It was because of the fortune teller, wasn't it? She totally sold you that dumb story. That stuff about a big secret mission or whatever that only you could do."
"Not really. She just confirmed what my gut was already telling me."
"And what was your gut telling you?"
"That things were building. Toward something. Like I was seeing pieces of a bigger picture that was slowly putting itself—" But he's lost her on the metaphor; she's looking at him like he's mental. "It's the end of the world," he says. "And if this was going to be the last day of my life, I wanted to make it count."
And he sees something then in Alle's face that he's never seen before—relief maybe, or hope—and before it vanishes Val realizes that under the bitchiness and the bluster, his sister has been worried about him, genuinely worried, for a long time. Her nerdy big brother obsessed with the end of the world and the idea of ultimate, spectacular conclusions—why wouldn't she be worried? With guilt Val remembers his suicidal fantasy, the fifty foot dive-bomb into the Pacific. But he'd never do it, surely she knows that? He loves life. He loves her. He loves tinkering with old engines and slinking around college and flying the Persinger and...
She reaches for his hand and squeezes it.
"My hero," Alle says grudgingly, and Val knows then it's all going to be okay.



Turning Pol


On the last night of her suspension, Delphine Desangua catches a red shuttle to the red light district of Red Omako, Southwest Pasifika. It's past two by the time she arrives, and the moon lies low over the ocean, round and pale as the thousand interlocked hi- houses that form the pirate city's skyline.
The view from Red Omako dock reminds Del of those lopsided solar systems kids build in science class: each planet tenuously connected to the others with string or ice-cream sticks or glue or bits of wire. Except this is bigger; bigger, and madder, and choking on engine fumes, and covered in the filth of a few million shitty pirates, and all flying fifty metres above the waters of international airspace.
She arrives at Bink's club. Pink light and neo-pop spills out of the doorway. There's a queue—mostly women, mostly mainlander women, with their fancy clothes and straight teeth. Del makes for the end of the line but the bouncer (big, white, Australian) notices and shouts: "Not you."
Del turns. "What did I do?"
"I know who you are. You're 'Pol. We don't admit 'Pol. No matter what relationship they have with the dancers."
"I wasn't 'Pol yesterday."
"We aren't stupid, Agent Desangua. We know your schedule, baby. You're 'Pol today."
"Fine. I'll wait outside. Tell Bink I'm waiting, okay." Del frowns for a second. "And if anyone else wants me, tell them I'm armed."
She goes to stand by the walkway's railing and looks out to sea. She doesn't mind waiting. Anyway she's seen Bink dance before. His body, illuminated by the stage-holos, is a slender ribbon of tattoos. Watching him always makes her feel vulnerable, which is not a feeling that sits right with her, with how she understands herself. He makes her uncharacteristic, that's the only word for it. He gets under her skin.
Bink comes out a half-hour later, bare-chested and shiny with strip-light oils. He lights a cigarette before he joins her.
"Make much tonight?" Del asks.
"Naw. Shit crowd. The pirates are tight-wads and the mainlanders like muscle-boys. I'd be better off selling organs again."
He says this last part without affect. She guesses he's trying to gauge where her ethics lie. Is she a pirate or a 'Pol?
"My suspension's up," she says, making it easier for him. "Kordon okay'd my reinstatement. I'm going back to Interpol."
He looks at her from under eyelashes spangled with glitter- dust. "Fine. Go, then."
"Don't act like that. It's not because I want to leave you."
"Oh, I know that. In fact it's nothing to do with me at all. The reason you want to go back is because you get a kick out of being smarter than everyone else in the whole fucking world. And because working for Interpol means you get a license to pull strings."
Del considers this. "Yes," she decides. "That's about the sum of it," and then catches his arm before he can hit her. "Don't," she says. "I need you."
"Yeah. I know. I'm another string you can pull."
Then they're kissing. The pirate and the 'Pol thing is kind of sexy. Opposites attract, and all that.
He pulls away first. "If you're going to go to Interpol, I can't stop you," he says.
"No," she says. "I'll see you if I'm suspended again. Or if you wind up in jail."
"Very funny."
"It's going to be okay," says Del. Meaning it, but not completely believing it.
It's easy to leave international airspace. She's left it so many times before, as a girl, as a woman. Technically Pasifika is her home, but it's not a home she's ever longed for while living on the mainland. Her Interpol life is clean and safe and superficial. She goes to movies and high street cafes and drinks Frappuccinos and smokes cigarettes with filters and watches soap operas about disaffected men and their disaffected wives, and never once thinks of the hangars and the gunfire and the violence.
But Bink has changed things. Now she watches him scowl, his arms wrapped around his chest. Del knows this is the memory she'll keep of him when she goes: this tiny fragile boy-man with skin the colour of alabaster, standing on a metal walkway in Red Omako, shivering in the wild Pasifika winds.
It's easy to leave international airspace but it's becoming harder to leave him.
"We'll make it work," she says. She walks back to the red shuttle with her hands in her pockets.



Faceless in Halukan


The cute blonde I picked up in the club turns out to be a fat, middle-aged perve. I catch him in the bathroom with his holos down, using my toothbrush to clear the plaque from his yellowing teeth. Man-breasts like slabs of wilting cheese, a week's worth of stubble sprouting from his chin, lips marked with cold-sore scars. Our eyes meet in the mirror, his bloodshot, limned in sleep, mine clear and holo-blue.
"I'll be out in a minute, lover." Tufts of coarse black hair poke through the holes in his vest. The top of his head is shiny-bald and flaked with eczema. He smells like sex. Like sex and my aftershave.
"Christ," I say. "Who the hell are you?"
"The girl of your dreams." His spits foam and phlegm into the basin. There's a di-hydra tremor in his arm; the see-saw stimming of an addict. "Go on, judge me. Like you're perfect beneath the mask."
I say, "You need to get out," and my holo gives my voice a queer, Dutch lilt. "You can't stay here. If you don't go I'll call—"
But of course there's no one to call, not out here in the lawless territories of international airspace. I back up, one step and then two, edging for the door until the perve's mouth twists unnaturally and I run, back to my room and into my closet. He follows; I hear him panting outside, big heaving breaths like a dog. I jam a wire hanger into the closet's electronic latch; something fizzles and the door freezes, closed.
"Get out. Come on, brat." The perve's meaty fists pound the wall like clubs, but eventually he tires of this and I hear him moving around my apartment, his greasy hands picking things up, putting things down.
He leaves after a few hours and I wait another hour to be certain, counting the seconds like I did as a child—one-cat-and- dog, two-cat-and-dog. When I jimmy open the closet's hard-plastic sheath I discover he's ransacked the place; my computer, my wall screen, my wallet, my quick-lock suit, even my shoes are gone.
Worst of all, he's stolen the money. All five thousand credits of it. The last of the money.
I call Sutchi. I can't think of anything else to do.

§

I live in Holoworld now because I fucked up in BabyRio. It was a bad job and I knew that going in but I did it anyway—and when everything went to hell, I ran to Holoworld. Holoworld, technically Halukan, city of the faceless, the best place to hide if you've got a ransom on your head. It's easier to be anonymous amongst the anonymous.
My first holo was a skinny black kid with a scar across his left eye and the word UNBEARABLE tattooed across his ribs—I liked that, I thought it was art, of a kind. Problem was I started walking around like it really was art, like I was just the hook on which my holo-masterpiece hung. People pegged me for a tourist real quick. Trick to fitting in round here is to play the part—your holo is you. Since then, most of the holos I've chosen have been women. I suspect it's some part of my subconscious I haven't reconciled with yet.
I wear a woman for Sutchi because he doesn't trust women and I figure that playing to his weaknesses will start us off on an honest footing, if not an even one.
We meet in a floating hi-house café where all the waitresses are 90% holo and 10% real. Most use Asian pin-ups, those big- eyed, button-nosed girls who look like they've walked straight out of an anime. Bright pink mascara, tiny teardrop tattoos, golden skin, and bodies so voluptuous they turn heads even here in holo- central, where every woman and plenty of the men have breasts the size of over-inflated balloons.
The waitress who brings our drinks is a tanned French maid everywhere except for one arm, which she's left au naturale. It's a white arm, freckled, strung with cheap plastic bangles. There's a hint of sunburn at her elbow and a scar across the back of her hand that could've come from anything; a childhood fall, a stint of teenage self-harm. It's called chrysalis-play, this—choosing to reveal a bit of your real self at a time, like some weird strip-tease.
"I don't understand the faceless," Sutchi says, when she's gone. "To be honest, Bink, I don't understand you either. Are you running from something? Again?"
Sutchi isn't wearing a holo. People like Sutchi—handsome, conceited, rich—don't wear holos. His only concession to Holoworld's masque is a pair of huge diva mirrorshades. He looks out of the fad-café's window at all the beautiful holo people and curls his lip like they—like we—disgust him.
"I heard you botched a job in BabyRio," he says. "Nicked off with the cash too, bless you. Made a lot of enemies. I guess if I pissed off that many people, I'd run too."
"Sutchi, I need your help."
"You want out."
"No. I want money so I can stay in."
Sutchi laughs. "And you figure I'll do what? Write you a cheque? Empty my wallet?"
"Would you miss it?" The laugh stops and Sutchi's face goes serious and cold and I shrink back, sensing my holo twisting into one of its preset emotions—nervousness, maybe, or just plain fear. "Sutchi, we've been friends for years," I say, and my voice is all high and squeaky at the edges. Plaintive, pleading. "I'll pay you back when I'm on my feet. Promise."
"I know what a promise from a thief is worth. Especially a thief on the run." He leans forward and grabs me by the neck in a cool, casual way, like he's just reaching for the salt-shaker. His thumb creeps along my jugular toward the holo's pulse-switch. "You've promised me big things before, Bink, and I never saw them. Perhaps you'd be less inclined to wriggle out of your obligations if I was in a position to do this—"
He triggers the switch and I am suddenly naked from the shoulders up. My reflection in his mirrorshades is two parts Frankenstein, one part kewpie doll, all puckered skin and pink seams. It is terrible. I am terrible. I scrabble at his big hands until he snaps the holo back on, his expression satisfied.
"I'm not surprised a scalpel-junky like you wound up exiled to Halukan," he says. "I doubt even you would recognize the face you were born with."
I take a breath. My hands are around my throat. I can still feel the burn of his fingers on my harlequin skin. "Sutchi..."
"You're lucky you've caught me in a forgiving mood. The good news is that I'm prepared to help you. I won't even tell your BabyRio mates where you are." Sutchi dips a hand into the breast pocket of his jacket and pulls out a pleated fan of papers. "I'll give you money. But first I need you to pull a job for me. Nick something from a holo-designer called Laan Vé. Call it a cat- burglary with a catch."
I'm shaking. I hug the papers. "You brought these here before you knew I needed money," I say. "Why do you need me in particular?"
It's a very Sutchi thing not to answer questions he doesn't want to. "You've got two days," he says, raising his hand for the cheque.

§

In international airspace there is no land, no solid things at all, no earth to ground your feet, no roots to which you can return.
Halukan is a flying city, one of many that float in the open territories above the Atlantic. Like all flying cities it is a transient place, as temporary and unstable as the holos of its citizens. Hundreds of hi-houses join and detach from the city every day, their round white shells stretching out across the ocean like toxic mushrooms. Between them hangs a cat's cradle of walkways and bridges—the streets of the city—some metal, others rope, others little more than twisted blankets and rubber.
Highest of the hi-house districts is Mo'mart, which belongs to Halukan's many holo-designers. I have never been to France but I understand Mo'mart is loosely modeled on the Parisian city of Montmartre. Designers and artists display and sell their wares on the crowded hi-house roofs: modifications, skin-work, reprogramming and colouration. In some places you can even watch them create new holos, using real life models and hand-held scanners that spit blue neon in the sunlight.
You can get di-hydra here, too. Powdered, liquid, or mixed- with-tobacco; Mo'mart's chemists will cater to your particular needs. Artist-types love the stuff because it lets you change your personality as easily as you can change your face. Di-hydra mixes up your sense of self; it puffs your ego the way alcohol does; it lets you become someone else—someone better—for a little while.
I don't touch the stuff myself. I know one sniff'd make an addict of me again.
In Mo'mart the face I wear is Sunshine Sally. A new skin for an odd occasion—a long tall lass with freckles around her eyes and country-rose rouge in her cheeks. She's Sutchi's expensive purchase, of course, not mine. I've dressed her up in a blue silk sarong like the kind the feed-stars wear and fixed her hair like she's somebody, loose and curly to her waist. She's beautiful and she's striking and she's worth a second glance—which is what I want, for once, because right now I'm waiting for someone.
Sally and I stand on the last hi-house in Mo'mart's marketplace. My holo braces automatically against the cold winds that whip up off the plains of the Atlantic. Further along the rooftop a group of designers are scanning a freak. She is a thin, flat-featured woman who would be unremarkable if it were not for her skin, which is marked head-to-toe with leopard spots. (Whether they're tattoos or branding-marks, I can't tell.) She stands naked and shameless on a sheet of dirty brown cardboard, legs apart, arms above her head. Her chin is tilted down and her eyes are heavy-lidded, like she's high.
Di-hydra. Maybe in her mind she's a goddess, a slave girl, a martyred saint. Around her crowd the designers; around them spectators and prospective buyers, already vying for this original face. I think of my face, under Sally's pretty one. Cut, scarred, burned, with crew-tattoos creeping up below my chin like tangled weeds. Sutchi's right, I don't remember the face I was born with.
Except that maybe I was pretty once, too. "Are you Sutchi's friend?" I turn around. The asker, standing at my elbow, is a young man. He's beautiful. He is a beautiful holo. His face is elegant and youthful and clever and perfect. His dark hair is rich and soft; his eyes round and wickedly green. He wears nothing but a simple toga and leather sandals that crisscross up his slender, hairless legs. A holo-god, I think. Greek or Roman; it's often hard to tell.
"He told me to meet you here," I say. "Are you Laan Vé?"
"Hush." The beautiful man smiles easily. With his face, it's hard not to. "Not that name, not now. For the moment I am Eros, see, god of love. And you are... you are my Sunshine Sally. Yes, I recognize the holo you're wearing. It's one of mine." Eros twists his brown fingers in my holo-curls, an artist admiring his model. "You wear her well. I can tell you have a natural talent for becoming the masks you wear."
"Thank you." His mouth is so close we might be about to kiss. I have heard it is fashionable amongst holo-artists to play the libertine. Perhaps he's on di-hydra, too; in his own mind he really is Eros.
"So tell me, Sally," he says, "what are you selling, underneath that golden skin?"
"S-Selling?"
"Sutchi said you were a model. Isn't that your story? Another wanderling wannabe who dreams of seeing her pretty face on my pretty holos." Eros laughs. "I don't take just anyone, you know. My clients are prestigious. You have to be a very special kind of... interesting to pique their curiosity. And mine."
I follow his line of sight to the leopard-lady, stripped and shimmering beneath the blue scanners. I understand now why Sutchi chose me: the scarred-up con with the Frankenstein face. By the fucked-up standards of holo artists like Eros/Vé, my very flesh is art. I can imagine my body on a shelf somewhere or downloadable from the feeds, like the holos of other wanted criminals.
"I'm interesting," I say.
"Interesting?" Eros rolls his eyes. "Let me guess, darling. You have a tattoo. Something shocking, I suppose. Or perhaps some piercings. A scar or two? A curious implant—a horn, perhaps. Or wings. Très gauche..."
Remembering the chrysalis waitress in the café, I touch my fingertips to the pulse-switch below my armpit. My real arm, bone- thin, tattooed, scarred, appears below Sally's sun-brown shoulder. Just 10% of my body, a harlequin pulling back a patch of his costume. I show Eros my palms, crisscrossed with burns from electric wires; my elbow, double-jointed and splinted with wires; and Eros smiles again and claps his hands.
"You should come with me," he says.

§

Vé Designs is a small, pastel colored hi-house directly below the holo-markets. Fancy, retro; inside the furniture is all round and featureless and upmarket. There is no one around but us. Eros takes my hand and leads me into a tiny studio, where the walls are mirrored and white screens unfold like bisected fans. I think of asylums, hospitals. Above us the roof is partially transparent; through the glass I can make out the soles of feet and the occasional flash of sunlight and scanners.
I wait uneasily while Eros locates his equipment behind a screen. Scanners, tech-cubes, computers and wires; they could be torture equipment as far as I'm concerned. Already I'm scared and in too deep and regretting everything—Mo'mart, Sutchi, the perve and BabyRio most of all. I am a cat burglar, no more, no less. I don't know how to do this.
"Do you want something to relax, Sally?" Eros asks, offering me a flintbox of white powder. His right hand is twitching, stimming.
"No. Thank you."
"Fine," he says, and pinches a little for himself. He licks his fingers clean. "Take off your holos."
"It's not pretty," I warn him. Sunshine Sally and her sweet face is my security blanket; I want to cling to her as long as I can.
"I like ugly things."
"But—"
"You said you had a body I could use. I want to see it. Otherwise you're just wasting my time."
I want to cry. "If you're sure."
Eros waits, watches. Slowly, shyly, I strip. I show him the pirate tattoos that cover my pale skin from ankle to wrist to neck, some inked, some branded, some writ in laser-burn and electrical short-outs. I show him the silk ribbons of my scars, the places the doctors cut me, the places I cut myself, the shiny coins of healed bullet-holes. I show him the patches of discoloured skin where the bleaches and dyes didn't take. I show him the scars below my eyes where they've fixed me to look Caucasian; the thin white lines where they've widened my mouth and lips to pass as mixed or black.
Then I am done; I am reduced to my real self, the bones and skin underneath. "There," I say, twitching in the cold and the shame of it, avoiding my small shape in the mirror. "I told you. I'm no oil-painting."
The god of love kisses me on the mouth; a libertine's benediction. He smells like di-hydra, like rotten chemicals and dead cells. "You're so tiny," he whispers. Gleeful. "So thin. More a child than a man. I see you've had a lot of plastics done. A lot of reconstructions, some transplants. An attempt to hide your true face. But I still know you—that kind of tattoo work is impossible to fake. I've seen you on the feeds. Bink Ottoman, that's your name. You're a wanted man, a thief, a cat burglar. You steal things. Is that why you're here?"
I don't know what I'm supposed to say. I've never done a job like this before. I've never talked to the people I plan to rob. My mouth tastes like him. My mouth is bitter with him. I look away and Eros giggles behind his hand like the Asian pin-ups I've seen in Halukan's club district.
"You are lovely and unusual," he says. "I told Sutchi I would make a deal with him if I liked you. But perhaps it would be better to make that deal with you. I'll let you take whatever you want if I can make a holo of you. How about that?"
But he can see I'm losing it because I can't hide it, because I have nothing to hide behind, and my skin feels so thin it could be fucking glass. He touches my arm, my terrible butchered wired-up arm, and I shudder.
"Bink?"
I hug myself.
"Would it help if I...?" Eros turns off his holo. Beneath it Laan Vé is female, fifty- something, perhaps older, and plain in a cheerful way. She's wearing a sweater and jeans. For months I haven't seen a real face, a real person—well, save for Sutchi, and Sutchi is too cold to ever feel real. Her dimpled, round face makes me long for home, for the world beyond Halukan and Holoworld.
"You look so sad," says Vé, touching my cheek. "Am I less than you imagined? If you prefer I can maintain my holo. Or choose another. A boy, a girl, even an animal. I can become anyone you want." And now her hands are on my waist, pulling me against her; and her laughter, Eros's laughter, is light and pleasant and horrible. Even without Eros's face, the di-hydra is telling her that she's the god of love. "You're shaking, Bink Ottoman," she says. "You can't be scared of me, surely. I know about the wicked things you've done—"
"I was scared then, too." I reach for a scanner and rest it against her cheek. "Could I—if you did—can we—together?"
She kisses me. We are kissing again. Our bodies are locked together. We are kissing and scanning each other and I would run, believe me, I would take my holo and run, if I didn't know that this is not something I can afford to resist. My body is the only thing I have left to trade. And all through Vé's proddings and pokings, her clumsy hands and the blue flash of the scanner, I think of Sutchi, bloody Sutchi, who likes irony almost as much as he likes getting in the last word.
Laan Vé, he said. A cat-burglary with a catch, he said. And now here is Sutchi's punchline:
I am here to steal her identity.

§

When it is over—the indignity, the shame, all of it—Laan Vé takes another hit of di-hydra and stumbles into an adjacent room to get a drink. I slide to her computer and extract her holo: dumpy, plain, ordinary. She could be anyone. She looks like no one. Hers is a skin I could live in comfortably.
I delete the holo she's made of me; it blinks once and folds away to nothingness. As if I was never there. As if I was never here.
I'm at the door when Vé returns. Nude, high, her hair lank and seeded with grey, she has the aspect of a fallen Madonna.
"I have to go," I say. "I'm so sorry." She reaches for me but I'm quick, I'm out, I'm running, in the only holo I have that suits this terrible occasion: my UNBEARABLE boy.

§

Sutchi is waiting for me in the docklands, the curved metal mouth of the city, where a million airships bob peaceably in the wind's tides. Overhead others spin and twist in the sky like flocking birds, their wings jagged and sharp-angled against the clouds. Always here there's the roar of engines, the sounds of industrial transit, this almost volcanic reverberation through the plastic shells of the hi- houses.
We sit at a plastic table in a transit lounge overlooking the harbor, a limbo for lost souls caught somewhere between the points of A and B. Around us, men nurse overstuffed suitcases; women sleep on uncomfortable, S-shaped lounge chairs; steely- eyed mainland traders knock back caffeine pills between long blacks. The holo I'm wearing is a cheap pop-star knock off that fails to suit my mood. I can feel my skin itching to be rid of it.
Since being with Vé I've found it difficult to be comfortable in any holo at all. As if I've cracked the shell of my chrysalis, irreparably, and there's no other option but to struggle out, blindly, into the real world.
Sutchi is smoking a cigar as I fumble out the flash-disc I've saved Vé's holo to.
"I did it," I say.
"I always knew you would deliver, Binky," says Sutchi, taking the disc and flipping it across his knuckles like a coin. "It's all about having the right motivation." A beat, and one eyebrow raised for the punchline: "That's fear, if you were wondering."
"The money," I say. "What about the money?"
"Oh sure, the money. We never agreed on an amount, did we? I'm sure fifty thousand will cover it." He takes it out of his wallet. Pocket change to him. As he counts out the notes, he looks up and to the left, a glance that's casual and not casual at the same time. "I say," he remarks, "isn't that you over there?"
"What?"
"I never forget a face. At least not one as terrible as yours." I spin around in my seat, following the direction of his gaze. There is an awful thing moving through the transit lounge, bone- thin, grotesque, carefully picking its way over abandoned baggage and around exhausted travellers. It is a patchwork Caliban, its skin coloured by black, spiralling tattoos and clear, plastic-like scars and burns. Inside its cut up face, beneath eyelids that have been folded, and unfolded, and refolded again, I see eyes that are brown and scared and welling with a shame borne of di-hydra. My eyes. In my face. With me—a di-hydra me—looking out from behind the mask.
"You didn't let that silly artist keep the holo she made, did you?" Sutchi murmurs. "That would have been foolish."
"I deleted it. I'm sure..." I'm sure I did. I remember watching myself vanish, a virtual ghoul exorcized. But of course Vé is a master, an expert holo- designer; and she must, out of necessity, out of habit, generate a hundred-thousand back-ups to preserve her work...
Which is something, I realize, that Sutchi knows.
"It's a shame you're so memorable, Bink," he says, exhaling smoke and smug. "Because we both know what'll happen when those boys you fucked in 'Rio find out you've been sighted here..."
He is right. I'm already running toward myself, my other holo self, the cut-up beat-up scarred-up monster. My fear is a sort of gravity. I am dizzy and somehow dislocated by it: it is an out-of- body experience. I am seeing myself from a long way off. I am rushing back to my own body. I flee to me; I look up at me; I grab me by the shoulders; I am pushed to the ground; I scream at me; I scream back; I sit on my chest and I try to pull my hands from around my neck. I fight myself. Myself fights back.
"Where did you get that? Where did you get that holo?" I am sobbing and my pop-star holo is twitching and I want to kill myself, but I've got myself by the wrists now and I'm not strong enough to fight back.
"Shit! Shit, asshole!" I say to me. High. Breaking character. "I just loaded it from the Vé site. Seriously, what's your problem? Like, everyone has one of these."
"What?" I say. "What?"
"It's a freebie, man, just some fucking add-on. Promo release shit. If you want one so bad why don't you download the fucking thing yourself?"
"What?" I say: "Fuck this. Get the fuck off me, freak."
I slap myself in the face and fall over and I get up and curse me and I hold my head in my hands and I walk off brushing off my hands, like touching me is dirty somehow and like I am not worth my time. I get up and curse myself and look around and as I do so I notice that I and myself are not the only us here, there are others, visible through the lounge's wide, glass windows. There I am amongst the crowds of the far dock, licking an ice-sweet from one of the harbor vendors; there is my butchered body sitting on the cooling-vents of a black airship-port; and there in the transit café is a part of me, a percentage of me, 90% Bink Ottoman and 10% lemon-yellow hair and a pair of plump, brown hands.
I am everywhere; and the worst part is that I am also here.
"I've got a job you might be interested in," says Sutchi, appearing beside me. Smelling my weakness like a shark smells blood. In one hand he holds a concertina of notes; in the other a file of papers. "A nice easy B&E and a ticket to a new city. If you're looking for a change in scenery."
He waves them in front of my face and I remember then that there is always a catch and in it I am always caught.



The Bad Thing


It's six days since he killed her husband, and Lucian is still walking on eggshells around Pachito. The knowledge of Jean's death is hung 'round his shoulders like a plow or a noose, but he can't bear to say the words aloud. When he opens his mouth his memory kicks him back to the moments that came before the Moment, the conclusive Moment when he knew with absolute certainty that Jean wasn't coming back with him.
First comes the gunfire, then the crackle of the radio, and then the tailspin of Jean's jet as it flips past his windshield like some crazy skitzed-out moth. Then the Moment. White fire above the sea. RESYS—that practical fucking electronic bitch RESYS— reckons Lucian should just suck it up and tell the woman. No big deal, darling, RESYS says, already bored by his angst. Pirates die all the dem hell time. But as an AI RESYS has no soul, no conception of empathy, and Lucian does. He feels stuff like crazy. It twists up in his gut, it gets under the skin of his palms. Every time he sees Pachito look hopefully toward the sky, or check her watch, or mention Jean's name, something inside Lucian dies a bit. Which is a cliché, sure, but that's what it fucking feels like.
It's worse with Jean's son, Royal. Royal is eleven and already handsome and he talks about his daddy like Jean Ottoman is king of the fucking world—and not, say, some small-time sky-pirate asshole who Lucian never really liked but always pitied.
Even when they were screwing. "You're a fucking pathetic piece of meat," RESYS tells Lucian in his cabin. Somehow she's managed to reconfigure the air conditioner in his room into some sort of primitive radio. (That's a lesson she's teaching him, Lucian suspects: that he can't escape her.
There's nothing the AI can't transfigure into a conduit of her wrath.) "You don't give a fuck that he's dead," she snarls through the dust filter. "You're just all cunted up because you're scared you'll get in trouble."
Lucian lies on his face on the bed. "I'm all cu—what? Your language is terrible."
"Let's be honest, babe, you ain't a saint. Maybe you could've been, if you'd hung out with the right crowd, i.e. not Bouboucar The Fucking Sociopath Bottle. Maybe if you didn't have that fucking brain, the brain that makes me—the bitch who puts the super in fucking supercomputer—get all pouty and jealous." RESYS laughs. It sounds like sneezing. "You think you care about Jean and Pachito and Royal but you don't. You go through the motions. You say, Oh, it's so sad, like sad means anything to you. But if you were sad, I mean, if you felt honest-to-god bad about it, you'd tell them. Because their Real Fucking Pain should mean more to you than your own Pathetic Angst."
Worst part is that she's right. He's getting taught Life Lessons from an artificial intelligence.
"I'm weak," says Lucian, rolling onto his back. "You got that right."
The air conditioner trembles in its bracket. "Listen, asshole. If you don't tell Pachito soon, then I'll tell her. And I'll go on to tell her that you used to blow him. Don't think I won't, either. I can be your get-rich-quick genie if you rub me the right way, baby, but if you're gonna keep on moping about in your bedroom like a bloody teenager, I will turn into the goddamn bitch goddess of fucking your life up."
"Oh shit, RESYS, why?"
"Because I love you," says the AI smugly. "Fuck me, Luke, I love you like an ocean. Ain't no one on this big blue world who could ever out-think me before you came along. But when you act like a human being, I love you a little less."
"But I am..." he protests—but she's already gone, bored of this conversation, bored of his humanity, and the air conditioner starts pumping out cold air instead of curses.
Lucian sits on his own and frets and twitches and tries not to think about the pictures Royal has taped to the fridge, his daddy fighting dragons and policemen and the invisible, toothy monsters that live under Royal's bed.
In the end Lucian sends Pachito an email. It's a total dick thing to do, but he hopes—if nothing else—it'll make RESYS smile.



Ma-Ma


Bouboucar Bottle, the famous international terrorist, is drinking a vanilla milkshake in a hi-house café in Namyanka, North Pasifika. Opposite her sits Katya Sushi: also an international terrorist but not a terribly well known one.
"It's all got to happen on the cheap," Bouboucar is saying. "No personal shuttles, no chartered jets, and absolutely no first class. You stay in the crappiest hi-house hotels, you stick to the seediest of the flying cities. You got to run the gauntlet of Ma-Ma like you're nobody important, like you know nobody important. You got to be sly. Can you do sly, Sushi?"
Katya nods. She'd nod to anything Bouboucar said. This is the first time Katya has been offered work by a big-time terrorist like Bouboucar, and she's not going to fuck it up by seeming unhappy or unenthusiastic or not-a-team-player or any of the other things that can get you shot in international airspace.
"This briefcase," says Bouboucar, raising it in both hand like a trophy, "needs to be in my hands on the Indian side of Ma-Ma's floating customs in thirty days. I don't care what path you take through Ma-Ma, I care only that you show up and the briefcase shows up with you and I am able to receive it. Do you understand?"
"I can do the job, ma'am," says Katya. Her voice pitchy with sincerity. "I really can."
Bouboucar frowns and draws long and hard on her milkshake straw until it gurgles. Katya looks away quick before she giggles or screams or faints and stares out the window at the city of Namyanka. A thousand hi-houses—huge white mushrooms like 1960s UFOs—speckle the sky, all connected by a web of ropes, chains and makeshift metal gangplanks. Fifty feet below lies the ocean, rippled with foam, darkened with exhaust and city waste.
Namyanka is a flying city too, one of hundreds that hover above the Pacific's rolling blue plains, but it isn't a seedy one. The vanilla milkshake Bouboucar is gurgling cost forty credits, which is about the same as Katya's weekly rent.
"I am going to be very frank with you about my expectations, Sushi," says Bouboucar, leaning back and clicking for a waiter. "If you do not show up, and neither does the briefcase, then you had better wish you were dead. Please understand that I'm not a cruel person, but I am business-minded. Unfortunately out here in international airspace it can be hard to tell the difference between the two."
"Yes, ma'am," says Katya. She reaches for the briefcase and knits her skinny fingers around the handle, which is metal-cold and smells vaguely of blood. "You can trust me to be..." What is it? What do you call this sort of arrangement? She thinks of couriers, of messengers, of pigeons. "...your carrier," she decides eventually.
"My carrier," says Bouboucar, considering the word. "Nice. I'll see you next month."

§

Ma-Ma Malacca is five hundred and fifty miles of disputed territory—this dank brown river-sea that cuts Malaysia from Singapore. Ma-Ma doesn't look like much but it's the cheapest way to ship shit from India to China. Ma-Ma is also pirate central. The pirates and terrorists come here because the tankers are easy pickings: there isn't anywhere they can escape to.
Sometimes the Indonesians get control of Ma-Ma, sometimes the Malaysians, sometimes the Singaporeans, and there were four years back in the mid-1940s when the Americans took it. Right now it belongs to no one; it's as lawless and fierce as the rest of international airspace. These days when the tankers and merchant ships coast through Ma-Ma, they ride fully armed as battleships.
It takes three hours to fly from one end of Ma-Ma to the other if you take a hi-speed passenger shuttle, and about a week if you take a pedaljet. Katya has thirty days to kill and no passports, which means (she suspects) that she's going to spend a hell of a lot of time checking out Ma-Ma scenery.
She's looking out the window now as her Pasifika shuttle glides into the strait. The mouth of the Ma-Ma is a mass of teetering jenga towers—most of them metal; the tallest ones are plastics and plasmids. They sit above a bridge that straddles the strait from Singapore to Tanjungbalai, so wide it seems to disappear like a belt around the middle of the earth. Just looking at it gives Katya a feeling like—well, it's not vertigo, just the sensation that her eyes are trying to curl at the edges.
Her stomach swirls. She sits back and grits her teeth. "Fucking hell."
"It's okay to sit with me, la-la," says the passenger in the seat to Katya's left. "My plague is non-transmissible type C."
"Your what?" Katya half-turns. The passenger is a woman, about twenty years old, and has no teeth and no fingernails. Her voice sounds rubbery but maybe that's just because without teeth the shape of her mouth looks all wrong, bubbling out and smacking in the wrong places.
"Genku plague. It'll be in my bones next. I got it from fucking. You could only get the plague by fucking me."
"Great," says Katya dryly. Of course, Genku C is just one of the hundreds of plague-types endemic to Ma-Ma. Katya wishes she'd ignored Bouboucar's orders and paid for a seat in first class. Her shoulder's still sore from the vaccinations Bouboucar's doctor gave her: malaria, encephalitis, tetanus, and a handful of others.
You got to be safe when you fly through middle-Asia, the doctor had said. His tone was amused, like he knew that working for Bouboucar Bottle was hazard enough.
"Chinese customs ahead," says another woman (white, well- dressed), kneeling on her seat to look back at Katya and the Genku woman. "You should shut up about your plague, la-la. Sit up and try to look healthy."
"It's not as if it's aids," says the Genku woman, affronted. "It's not as if it's cancer."
"I've had cancer," says Katya, touching her throat, remembering. "It looked a lot more pleasant than Genku."
"You obviously kept your teeth," says the white woman. "That's something."
The white woman and Katya share a look of camaraderie while the Genku woman glares. The tense silence lasts until two customs officers get on the shuttle, grab the Genku woman under her armpits, and pull her to the open shuttle hatch.
"It's non-transmissible type C," the Genku woman objects. The customs officers throw her out the hatch. They're eighty feet up and Katya covers her mouth, feeling a scream writhe in the pit of her chest.
"The customs guys are bastards," says the white woman placidly. "But you got to admire them for their efficiency."

§

A few days later she's in Ma-Ma-2, the first city beyond the bridge. Ma-Ma-2 is a slum district—the hi-houses are old, pre-40s models that look more like awkwardly floating caravans than the smooth, UFO-esque modern ones. Everything is filthy and rotten; rust chokes the air. Poor people, beggars and orphans, crouch in the gutters between the hi-houses, a kind of moving, filthy fungus. They call to Katya sometimes as she passes on the city's metal byways, but always in Indonesian.
Katya knows she can't stay here for long—she'd go mad here, amongst the decay and the poverty, which reminds her too much of the horrors she's seen in the worst parts of Pasifika. But she knows also she has to stay here for a while, long enough to get her bearings, to work out the customs of this strange new world.
She finds a cheap hi-hotel in the better part of town, and pays for a week's stay in advance. In the tiny en-suite shower she washes the pungent oil smells of Ma-Ma out of her hair, her skin. It's refreshing, but not particularly relieving. She feels dizzy, lost, uncertain in her body. In the mirror her skin has a faint blue tinge—it's not the lighting, but one of the long lasting side effects of the cancer drug hexaphrine.
"Cheer up," Katya tells her reflection, pulling her face. "It's not as if it was Genku C."
Katya has been cancer-free for over five years, with no signs of recurrence, but even now she sometimes finds herself defining her existence within the context of cancer. As in: I am a survivor (of cancer). I can do anything (because I beat cancer). I've got a lump under my armpit (and it's probably cancer). Since the cancer she's always felt impotent, powerless...
Which is maybe why she's attracted to doing dangerous, crazy things.
Like ferry a briefcase across Ma-Ma for Bouboucar Bottle. It doesn't make her feel more alive, but it does make her feel in control. If she's going to die, it will be on her terms, a result of her own damn stupidity, and nothing to do with the malignancy she senses coiling like a snake at the back of her throat.
"You're Bouboucar Bottle's carrier," she says to herself. "And this is the best job you've ever had."
When she's dressed and clean-ish and comfortable, she goes downstairs to the hotel-lounge. There's an immensely fat boy typing on a laptop on one of the couches. He's wearing mirrorshade sunglasses, even though the lounge is dimly lit. When Katya comes in he looks up and smiles. Impish and dimpling. He has a nice, comfortable-looking face, cushioned as it is by chins and chub, and Katya finds herself smiling back.
"You're Boo's carrier," he says, as she comes closer. Katya's smile vanishes, the words an echo of her pride. "I'm—no. What?"
The fat boy's hands flute in the air. "Don't get defensive, la-la. I'm Lucian; I work for Bouboucar. I'm here only to find out whether you made it through Chinese customs."
"How did you know I was here?" Katya asks. "I didn't tell anyone, I was careful—"
"I'm very good at what I do. And by that I mean no one else can do what I do." He says this dismissively, almost self- depreciatingly, if that's possible. "You're quite, quite safe."
"Bouboucar sent you to look out for me?" Katya says, sounding the idea out. "So this carrier business is... really important? More important than the stuff Bouboucar would normally send first-timers out on?"
"Everything Bouboucar does is really important," says the fat boy, closing his laptop. He rises, tucking it under his armpit like a rich woman's purse. "No doubt I'll see you again, Katya Sushi."
He leaves. Katya wonders if she should be worried, but what has she done? Nothing. Except her job. But maybe Bouboucar always sends this funny fat boy after people, like a sort of secondary interview. It makes sense; Bouboucar is the type to double and triple-check the loyalty of her employees. Well, she's rich and famous and powerful, and in international airspace you don't get those things by being lucky.
That night Katya fights an overwhelming temptation to open the briefcase. It looks like such a normal, everyday briefcase. It's not even locked. When she shakes it (gently at first, then with increasing vigor) there's no sound from within. What the hell is she ferrying across Ma-Ma? A secret paper? Foam? Special Pasifika air?
There's no way, Katya tells herself, that Bouboucar would know if she took a quick peek inside... But she doesn't.
Not looking in the briefcase is part of her job too. She dreams of plagues that night, of skeletal people covered in sores and suppurating buboes, stumbling through a dying city. She dreams of wastelands and deserts, of bones drying beneath a red sun. When she wakes she feels strangely satisfied, as if this dream speaks not of destruction but of personal catharsis.

§

What begins as an adventure turns into routine. Katya drifts aimlessly for a week, hopping from shuttle to shuttle, posing sometimes as a tourist and sometimes as a local, although the latter gets harder the further she gets into Ma-Ma. There aren't many Asians with her coloring out here and anyway her claim to Asian is pretty fucking watered down; her dad's mum or something like that. Technically she's part Japanese but the Sushi family have been living on the ocean since the turn of the century. Three Sushi generations have never touched earth; the closest Katya's come is a week she spent off the coast of New Zealand, dicking about on a string of floating, man-made islands.
A minor war breaks out as she's crossing Ma-Ma-15: three pirate crews versus a tanker carrying white oil. The tanker looks like an easy target but it turns out to be filled with mercenaries, who swarm out of its hatches and portholes and obliterate the pirates. The sky above Ma-Ma-15 turns grey with dust and everything smells like blood and burning plastic.
Katya gets out of there as fast as she can, hitching a ride with a bunch of new-age hippies who've commandeered (stolen, Katya suspects) a pedaljet. The hippies are foreign, maybe English, and shell-shocked by the experience; they twitch and smoke and relive what they've seen in Ma-Ma, the dead and the poor and the pirates.
"No offence," one of the hippies says, "but people have to be fuckin' mental to want to come here."
"I'm here on business," says Katya. For the next six days she bunks with a revolutionary babe in the hangar of Ma-Ma-16. The babe's name is Lila and she's from somewhere Middle Eastern, one of those clusterfuck new states that erupted out of the ruins of old Iraq. She's in Indi'O because she's on the run from someone. Maybe an old boyfriend, maybe her dad, probably The Law—she never says outright, just drops hints. The apartment she's renting has a sweet view of Ma-Ma-16, the flying city laid out like a giant game of snakes and ladders. Ropes and chains intertangle around the great round hi-houses. At night the whole place lights up with paper lanterns and people sing and dance on the walkways.
Most nights Katya sits up late and drinks with Lila. Lila likes vodka; Katya drinks beer.
"I wouldn't go to Pasifika," says Lila one night. "Full of terrorists and pirates. It's not great here but it's not that bad, and we got the mainlands on either side to flee to. Pasifika scares me. It's so open." She fluffs her hair in the mirror. "You ever run across this woman called, um, Bottle? From West Africa, but she's Pasifika now."
Katya has been daydreaming of the Pasifika she knows, open, yes, and wide, too, its great expanse filled with possibilities and opportunities. Bouboucar's name snaps her back to her cluttered, uncertain reality. "N-no," she stammers, hoping Lila won't read the lie in her reflection. "N-never."
"Funny. I heard she was a big-time terrorist," Lila says. "Blew up part of Ma-Ma once. Some business deal went wrong and she murdered hundreds of people. That's why I wouldn't live in Pasifika. The people here are poor and desperate, but they aren't cruel. The people in Pasifika though—they're really dangerous."
"I've got to go," says Katya, and she does, drifting out into the streets, her jacket zipped high against the cold. It's lovely out, the lanterns swinging and music coming from all along the walkways, sweet and light over the wind and the waves.
"Why are you here, honey-la?" a pink-lipped girl coos at her from a hi-house doorway. She's wearing high stockings and a skimpy bra with black tassels. "What you doin' all this way from your home?"
"Nothing," says Kayta, blushing, feeling suddenly drunker than she is.
"C'mon honey-la, you don't wan' hide secrets from me."
"I'm a carrier. Like a pigeon, I guess."
The girl purrs. "You wan' come inside, honey-la? Maybe you can rest here. We got comforts maybe that you like."
The next morning Katya wakes up feeling sick, a deep, intestinal sickness like bad gastro. She tries to ignore it, but by noon she's crouched over the toilet, vomiting convulsively. When she's done vomiting she crawls into the shower and curls in a ball under the hot water, shuddering.
Lila takes pity on her. "Here's the number of a doctor," she says, leaving the note on the bathroom sink. "His name is Lethe, and he lives on Ma-Ma-34."
Katya hugs her, damply, then goes to pack her bags. The hug is fake, uncomfortable. Katya can tell Lila didn't want to do it; Lila doesn't want whatever obscure Ma-Ma hepatitis-typhoid-aids Katya has.

§

Ma-Ma-34 is nicer than all the Ma-Mas that have preceded it. It's rich and tourist-clean and all the hi-houses are new models that still smell like fresh plastic and perfumed Taiwanese show rooms. Katya, drowsy and clumsy from anti-nausea pills, staggers off the landing docks and heads for Lethe's hi-hotel. The briefcase bangs against her knees, her thighs, her aching stomach.
Two ninja chicks are smoking by the hi-hotel's edge, skinny white legs swinging out over the brown waters of Ma-Ma. Their costumes are elaborate and period-perfect. One's got her hair in bunches, the other is bald and wearing a bandana with a rising-sun motif. Katya can't work out if the ninja schtick is a sub-cultural thing or pop-cultural thing.
"Hi-yo," she says.
"La-la," says the bald girl, waving. She's cute and Katya figures them both for highschool runaways. It's popular right now for rich bored kids to escape to the sea.
She finds Lethe in the hi-hotel bar. It's not hard to spot him: she's been told in advance he's anglo. He's younger than she expected—twenty five, thirty—and huge, a big fat man with a babyface. On his lap is a slim plastic container which she guesses is his doctor's bag.
"Hexaphrine," he says, as she pulls out a chair. "I can tell. Your skin has the sheen—a hint of blue. What kind of cancer was it?"
"Oesophagus. Mainly. Six years ago."
"They stopped treating people with hexaphrine," says Lethe. "It's a banned substance now. Long term side effects. It's going to be virtually impossible for me to use any of my health scanners on you."
"I'm not very sick. Just... queasy. Like a mild flu. I just need something to keep me from throwing up."
"You're foreign," says Lethe, opening his container. "Why are you in Malacca?"
"I'm running an errand." She hefts the briefcase and shrugs, like it's not a big deal. Bouboucar didn't say anything about not telling people about the case, and anyway there are probably hundreds, thousands of people running various types of contraband through Ma-Ma every day.
"What's in the case?"
"I don't know."
Lethe frowns. "Okay."
A silence follows. Lethe injects her with a clear liquid. Katya, out of nervousness, tells him everything she can tell him: about her life in Pasifika; about the money she's made and lost on the streets; about ex-lovers; about a great big colourful world with a Bouboucar Bottle shaped hole in it. As always in the presence of doctors, she feels both submissive and eager to please, eager to entertain—another hang-over, no doubt, from the cancer years.
When you get cancer you stop being a person and start being a vessel, she thinks, a Thing that holds Cancer. Cancer defines you. It is all people want to talk about, cancer this and cancer that and how are you feeling about the cancer today. Doctors are worse about it: they track the cancer like it's on a fucking holiday romp through the landscape of your organs. Oh dear, it's gone to your lymph nodes, they say. Look, it's dropped by your liver to say hello...
"Hexaphrine will kill you," Lethe says matter-of-factly, removing the needle. "Not directly, of course. It will kill you because when you get sick, no one will know what's wrong with you. Once it gets into your body, hexaphrine is like a filter, a sterilising agent. Your blood tests will come back normal. Your urine will be fine. Your skin could be falling off but until the moment you died, we'd still be scratching our heads trying to work out how someone so perfectly healthy wound up so—"
"I know!" says Katya. Too loudly.
"Your cancer might return," says Lethe, "and you'd never know."
"What do I owe you?" Katya asks.
"Nothing. I've never met a hexaphrine patient before. This was... an educating experience."
She stands up, angry, upset, when she hears gunfire outside. And screams.
"Shit, there were girls," says Katya.
"Were," says Lethe, pulling Katya down.
Katya hyperventilates into Lethe's mantits, huh-huh-huh-huh. Outside the sky's falling.
"Shit," she says. "Shit. This has all gone to hell."
Lethe says, incredulously, "You haven't been to Ma-Ma before?"

§

Later she catches a tourist shuttle that loops through the better parts of Ma-Ma to Ma-Ma-44. Lethe's injections keep her nausea contained, but she can still sense the virus in her, a dark bird battling to escape its cage.
At the port of Ma-Ma-44, eighty miles from the end of the strait, Katya starts spewing uncontrollably. All this shit just bursts out of her, violently, like there's a fireman's hose blurting out white foam from her stomach. Hepatitis A. It's got to be. Which is so fucked up because that's the one thing she forgot to tell Bouboucar's doctor to vaccinate her against—she'd assumed that eating shitty Pasifika food all her life had immunized her.
I will survive this, she tells herself with each heave. Because I beat cancer. She counts the days. She's got nine to go. When she wakes up the next day the sickness is in her lungs and throat, and she spends half an hour in the bathroom, coughing up thin, transparent threads of saliva that look like spiderwebs. Every time she closes her eyes she flashes back to her cancer days, the hospitals, the needles, the blue hexaphrine tablets in their tiny plastic cup. She remembers the fucking havoc hexaphrine wrecked on her body, poisoning her blood, cramping her lungs, staining her skin, turning her urine a neon-fresh shade of blue...
It was just Katya's luck, getting cancer—and worse, getting a type of cancer that was virtually unheard of in someone her age, her gender, with no risk factors except the odd cigarette. And it's just her luck now, to pick up some filthy Ma-Ma disease when she's finally got a chance to make a name for herself.
"I will survive this," she tells the bathroom mirror. "It's not as if it's cancer."
Lethe has given her some anti-emetics and anti-nausea drugs. She swallows a couple and lies on the floor until they kick in.
Outside she can hear gun-fire; a territory war, maybe, or another tanker en route to India. The sound rattles around inside her brain like a tooth in a cup.
A half-hour later the sickness has subsided. Katya crawls out of her hi-hotel and heads for the docks. There's a cruise shuttle about to leave, one of the glacially slow tourist airships that meander in and out of the nicer parts of Ma-Ma, seeking cheap merchandise and photo opportunities. Katya buys a cabin in second-class—surely Bouboucar wouldn't deny her that, not in her current state—and locks herself in. If she's going to be sick, she's going to be sick in private. Her pride won't permit anything less.

§

Days later the shuttle lands at its final destination, Ma-Ma-51. From the cruise shuttle's deck, Katya imagines she can see the lights of Phuket, its great gold towers casting brilliant rays across the ocean. Not far to go now. Which is good, because Katya still isn't sure if she's going to make it. Her skin is peeling, particularly around her nose and mouth. Her eyes are bloodshot. Her stomach feels as if someone's been dropping rocks on it.
"You'll be okay?" one of the airhostesses asks, as Katya stomps down the gangplank.
"Yeah," says Katya, hugging the briefcase. "Worse things happen at sea, eh."
It's too bright outside. Too bright and too hot. Katya looks for somewhere to go to ground. She can't get a room in a hi-hotel, not in this state, so she goes to the red light district and finds a rent-a- girl who's not choosy and a room that you pay for by the hour. The girl—dark, plain—runs a bath for her, testing the water's temperature against the heel of her palm.
"I'm here on business," Katya tells the girl. "I'm from Pasifika."
"Oh, sai, sai." The girl raises her head from the bath and gives Katya a look, like: Yeah, sure you're an international businesswoman. Just like every other slow-witted bitch who comes staggering into the red light district smelling of warm puke. "Sai, sai," she says again, nodding, smiling, lying.
Katya bridles. "I mean it," she says. "I was solicited for this job. Head-hunted. By a real big name, a real player."
The girl blinks. "Why did they ask you?" she asks.
"What?"
"Why did they ask you? What do you do?"
"Well, because I— because I—" Wait. Because she what? she asks herself. She's never been a carrier before. She's done odd jobs for lots of crews, but never anything like this. Also: she's a nobody. There's no reason for someone like Bouboucar Bottle to hire her. To ask for her by name. And to trust her enough to send her out on an international quest.
All of a sudden there are questions rising in Katya's mind that she doesn't want to answer, questions about the briefcase and Bouboucar and what the fuck she's doing here anyway...
Katya's head hurts. "Shut up," she says to the girl. "Just shut up."
Later she finds a proper bed in a hi-hostel, some crap backpackers for tourists who want to rough it, and when she wakes up it's four days later and she still feels like shit.
Her watch tells her she's got thirty six hours to get through Indian customs.

§

She rides a cheap passenger shuttle across the Indian ocean. It lands at the Chennai international terminal. The Indian customs officers take one look at Katya—stinking, shaking, twitching with fever, her seat soaked through with urine and sweat—and escort her off the shuttle into an automated quarantine station.
"Please place your arm in the slot. You will feel a little prick but that is all. Chennai international apologizes for your inconvenience."
As the needle begins to fill with her blood, Katya starts to cry hysterically, hopelessly, gasping air.
"You are okay?" a customs officer asks, watching her. "This all procedure, understand."
"FUCKING GROUND," Katya screams, stamping her feet against the tiled floor, redoubtable and queer in its stillness. "IT'S FUCKING GROUND."
The customs officer makes a note of this on a computer. A minute or two later, Katya is lying prone on a metal table while a woman palpates her stomach. Once that's over she's asked to pee in a cup and take a shit in a plastic yellow box and then they ask for more blood, this time from her inner thigh, and a scraping of DNA from her cheek.
When they're out of things to test, the Indians send her to a waiting room filled with bored-looking guards and about ten frightened tourist-types, most of them talking into mobile phones.
An hour passes. "Your scans are fine, Miss Sushi," says a customs officer, stopping at her side. "It must be the heat. The temperature change, you understand. It can be hard on some people. They are not accustomed to it."
Katya moans. "No, no. The scans are wrong. I took hex—" She stops short, remembering the Genku woman. Taking a breath, she says: "You're right, I'm fine."
"You need only some sleep. You will feel good as new."
Katya's guts feel like they're plaiting themselves. "Yes, I will," she says dully. "Can I go now?"
"One more thing please. We must check your baggage. You have only one thing, yes? You have this briefcase? Please, you must open it for us."
"I can't."
"You must. We cannot let you if we do not see what you are carrying. This is routine, we will not judge. We understand privacy. There are many private people who come to India. We respect them completely."
"No, I mean—I mean..." What does she mean? She's certainly not in a position to bargain. She's standing in the middle of Indian customs with a suspicious briefcase in her possession and a dozen well-armed Indian guards looking on. Even Bouboucar Bottle's political reach can't possibly extend this far.
"Your briefcase, please," says the customs officer.
"I... I..."
But the officer already has the briefcase, gently prying her fingers off one by one. Katya feels powerless; she feels the full weight of her stupid, broken-down, blue-tinged body. She wants to cry again but she doesn't have the energy. Also: she doesn't care. She's beyond caring. Fuck Bouboucar Bottle and fuck these Indians and fuck Ma-Ma itself. All Katya wants now is a place to sleep, and if worst came to worst (which it's bound to) she'd be more than happy to do that on the floor of a jail cell.
As Katya watches, the customs officer pries up the locks of the briefcase.
Opens the lid.
Looks inside.
It's as empty as Katya feels.
"Fuck," says Katya. "Oh fuck everything."
The customs officer looks at her sympathetically, but it's okay, Katya thinks, because in her heart she's been expecting this. She touches her shoulder, still lumpy from the vaccinations.
No. Correction. From the injections. Things make a strange kind of sense, now.
"You forgot to pack something?" the customs officer asks.
"No. I came with everything I needed."
"I see. There is nothing in the case. Your scans are fine. You are free to go."
"No. No I'm not." Katya struggles, choking on the words. "I'm not free. And my scans aren't fine."
"I do not understand," says the customs officer.
Katya sways. "I had oesophageal cancer. Cancer. I suppose you don't care but you ought to. They gave me hexaphrine, see. It burns into your blood, into your bones. It kills cancer but it changes your body forever. It makes you an unreadable thing. None of your scans can understand me, my fucked up chemical physiology. For all you know I could be walking into India with Genku C. With Bubonic Plague. With AIDS-4 or SIV or Yellow Fever or the Thin Death."
"Sorry, our Creole is not so good," says the customs officer, smiling. Her eyes kind and patient. "You will speak slower?"
"I'm telling you that you're going to get fucked," says Katya. "I'm telling you that your system is broken and that one day you're going to get righteously fucked because of people like me, people who got cancer and then got better and then got used."
"You will speak slower?" the woman repeats.
Katya knows she should be scared, she should be angry, she should be fucking hysterical, but instead she is filled with a sudden sense of mad power, with perfect and limitless control. All her life her body has disappointed her, betrayed her; and now it has become weaponized.
She is a carrier, a vessel, a plague dog.
"I'm patient fucking zero," says Katya.
She closes the suitcase and stumbles out of the customs office. The Indians do nothing; they don't try to stop her.

§

Bouboucar Bottle is drinking Pepsi in the air lounge adjoining the Chennai transit dock. Her feet are propped up on a plastic pot plant and she's dressed like a local, in a white shapeless shirt and loose cotton trousers. There's a wad of credit-notes on the table-top in front of her, loosely tied with rubber band. For all her efforts at blending in, Bouboucar still looks like a tourist, some rich West African banker-bitch on holiday.
Katya sits down opposite her, heavily, her breath puffing out between her teeth.
"Welcome to India, Katya Sushi," says Bouboucar. "At least, India's administrative terminal. Which is as far as you're likely to get, as a Pasifika terrorist without a passport. No problems in customs, I see. Good to know."
"I know what you did to me," Katya hisses. "Don't think I don't. You fucking poisoned me. My blood. My body. I know why you did it, too. I know why you chose me, it's the fucking hexaphrine. This was a test, wasn't it? To see if I could get through. To see if anyone would notice if you smuggled a fucking plague through the tightest customs on the planet. Do you have any idea what I've—"
Bouboucar digs in her pocket and tosses Katya a transparent bottle filled with neon-pink pills, each one the size and shape of a fingernail.
"Take two every day for a week. Should clear you up." So casual. So calm. As if she isn't the one who poisoned Katya in the first place. Katya wants to strangle the woman, but at the same time she realizes that Bouboucar, in her cruelty, has given Katya a gift. Opportunity and potential. Being able to carry diseases undetected could make Katya Sushi very, very rich indeed.
"And if it doesn't clear me up?" Katya says, eyeing the pills.
Bouboucar shrugs. "If it doesn't, you'll die."
The two women look at each other across the table, and for a second it feels to Katya as if everything else has gone quiet and still, the chatter of the air lounge dimmed to silence. There is nothing but Bouboucar and Katya and the terrible futures Katya knows she can bring.
Slowly, Bouboucar pushes the last dregs of her Pepsi across the table.
Katya uses them to knock back her first pill.



Greenwich Mean Time Plus


6pm GMT
"It's 8am GMT-10 and we've never met before," says the punk, between mouthfuls of curry rice. His plastic chopsticks clack together like the ticking of a clock. "Every second from here on, we're going to be playing catch up."
Val rubs his eyes and tries to focus, but his brain's gone fuzzy and soft like it always does when he hasn't slept for a long time. He feels dislocated and out of sync. Out of habit he checks his watch but the time's wrong; the digital display is seriously vomiting out numbers, any numbers, like it's playing some kind of time lotto and hoping that it'll make the jackpot. Val feels a strange empathy for the watch and its overworked little electronic brain, disrupted and disorientated by those invisible meridians, swinging around the earth like a kid's jump rope.
Above his head the hut's roof rustles, the dried ferns whispering with the sea wind. Val shakes himself and reaches for his coffee. The punk keeps talking. The punk is one of those people who doesn't care if he's got an audience or not; there's a touch of the street preacher about him. Ignore the tattoos and the gelled pink hair and Val can imagine him standing on a street corner, a sign clutched in one skinny white hand.
The end is nigh.
"You got to understand that time is a construct," the punk says. "More than that, it's a form of bondage. People don't question it because they've been taught to accept from childhood that time is linear. That time is straight." The punk sneers at Val, curls up one side of his lip like he's smelt something dirty or obscene. "You of all people should appreciate the implications of that."
"Very post-modern."
"Fuck post-modern. It's totally temporal, baby." The punk sucks in his lower lip like he's savoring the idea itself. The punk's face is all soft lines and big doe-eyes and Val watches his hands, small and nimble and thin, as they guide the chopsticks in and out of the cardboard curry-box.
"Everything's temporal," says Val. "Just because you don't like the way people choose to measure it doesn't mean that your doctor..."
But he can't finish that sentence and the punk leers at him and says, "What? Doesn't mean that my doctor what?" prodding and poking and smirking until Val sighs and looks away. Beyond their hut the sea stretches green and blue to the horizon, and the beach's sand is so pale it's practically white. Further out, the land curls in around the bay, verdant with ferns and papaya and taro, the uneven peaks of the hills half-lost in low hanging mist. They're in Baro Baro, Tahiti, French Polynesia. Val's seen it before on postcards, the water so clear you can see the bottom, the sky so blue it makes his contact lenses hurt. The whole island looks like a dream and maybe it is; his brain is so fogged from lag and meridian love it's hard to tell.
Not far from their hut sits a shiny green airship that shines in the sunlight like a well-sucked lime lolly. It's a flashy new model from Japan, hot off the conveyer belt, with a short snub nose that's so kawaii and perfectly square windows with jutting rubber sills. Splashes of black mud cover its undercarriage and there's a long scar across the bodywork of its right side.
The electronic keys to the airship are in the pocket of Val's jeans and he touches them instinctively, thinking of mileage and Greenwich time and the earth's meridians, sharp and precise as the cuts of a knife. The punk talks a lot of shit but he's right about this: there's nothing organic about time zones, nothing natural, nothing real. EST, GMT, daylight savings—time's a fucking joke, when you think about it.
It's 8am GMT-10 in French Polynesia, and they're meeting for the first time.
He looks back at the punk. "My friend's a doctor."
"Fuck your friend."
Val picks up his coffee and walks off. The sun's warm and delicious and the wind comes in cool and sweet over the water. Sunburned honeymooners roll and giggle on beach towels. Children play in the shade. A seagull croaks at Val from the shallows, its beak a bright slash of orange against the blue. Val kicks off his sandals and walks back to his airship, enjoying the sensation of sand against his toes. 8am GMT-10, the punk had said. A nice, solid, timely time. The sort of time, he thinks, that feels like a beginning.
He remembers Josie saying, There's just no helping some people. Like independence was an ugly thing.
"You can't run away from me," the punk shouts after him, and he's laughing as he shouts. His stiff pink hair is shaking rather than blowing in the wind. "I told you that everything's temporal, baby. In a few hours I'm going to take you to the best party of your life, and after that I'm going to fuck you. You better be ready."

4pm GMT
They're sharing a joint at a party in Sao Paulo, Brasil.
They're tangled up on a tattered purple couch on the balcony of an outer city loft. Sixteen floors below them the streets of So- Paul—that's what they're calling the city these days, the punk explains, a sort of hip, slang shorthand—are crammed with a sprawling street market. It's too far to make out faces but Val can see the flapping of gaily painted stalls and bouncing castles and the occasional laser flash of a light-show. Now and then he feels the pulse of techno music thrumming the foundations of the skyscraper, but no sound, just its aftereffects like ripples after a rainstorm.
Behind them is the loft itself and the party Val and the punk have crashed. Inside the walls are painted red and gold; everything smells like weed and coffee; the lights are dim, the fraying lace curtains drawn against the bright summer sun outside. A kid in a patterned woolen beanie is playing experimental jazz on turntables in the kitchen. There's maybe thirty people cramped into the loft right now, mainly twenty-somethings and teenagers, their faces unlined and young and beautifully unhurried. Like they've got entire millennia to make sense of life, to find their place, to really get it.
Val, who turns twenty-two next August and whose existence revolves around work and career and family and investments and healthy eating and BBC1, feels a hundred years older than them.
"I know the crew who hang out here," says the punk, unfazed, taking the joint and tucking it in the corner of his mouth. The punk smokes joints like Val smokes cigarettes, with a sort of casual hunger—he doesn't savour the high. "Me and them, we've got a bond, we've got an understanding. They're transhumanists. They're into the same crazy shit I am."
"Time?"
"Anarchy. Not that adolescent shove-it-to-the-man bullshit but true anarchy, psychological anarchy. Like we don't just say, fuck rules. We say fuck gender. Fuck sexuality. Fuck race. Fuck family. Fuck morality. Fuck mortality. Fuck religion. Fuck all and any social constructions that divide us and separate us and categorize us. Fuck—"
"Time," Val repeats.
"Shit, man," says the punk, taking a long hit off the joint. "Have we met before?"
They sit in silence for a while. Idly Val sniffs his fingers; they smell like the punk, the punk and punk sex. He wipes them on his jeans. It's 2pm, which means that it's probably tomorrow in New Zealand. He wonders if he should give his friends Josie and Aubrey a call—mates from college, they'll probably be worrying about him by now. Either that or they'll be busy fighting with each other, twitchy, conservative Josie and loud-mouthed Aubrey, who just never knows when to shut up.
"Do you have a phone?" he asks the punk, or tries to, but just at that moment a door behind them opens and conversation rolls out, all those big round Portuguese vowels tumbling through the gap. A few seconds later a girl comes out to lean beside their couch, one arm on the back and the other resting on the balcony railing. Her mouth is sloppy with smudged lipstick. There's something about her jawline that's too hard, her teeth too square, and Val's dick twitches involuntarily, both confused and excited.
"What are you?" says a girl, half-watching them while she lights a cigarette. Her English is good; much better than Val's Portuguese.
"What are we?" Val asks.
The girl rolls her eyes. "You know. What are you? Queer? Straight? Bi-curious? Vanilla? Kinky? Post-human? Cyborg? Augmented? Cisgendered? Transsexual? Transvestite?"
"I'm British," says Val.
She rolls her eyes again. "Cute."
"I'm transtemporal," the punk offers—like that means what he thinks it does. Val hides a public-school-educated smirk. In Latin the prefix trans means beyond, or across; it describes the breaking of boundaries. It's a historic term, wound up with issues of freedom and personal liberty, and Val finds it ridiculous that the punk has decided to use it for something as trivial as crossing time zones.
"What?" says the girl.
"I like to fuck people before I meet them," says the punk. "That gives me a buzz."
The girl is doubtful. "Isn't that just, you know, that GMT shit? It's not like you're really time traveling."
Something goes dark in the punk's face. "So you wrote the rules on what's really real, baby?" the punk scowls. "All power to you."
"If you're going to insult me—"
"You're naïve if you think that only some lines can be broken. Governments shift and rearrange time, all the time, because it's convenient to them. They push time over meridians; they make us wind our clocks forward and back; they use time as a wall that separates their country from the next, an indicator of difference. There's places you can see the sun set twice in one day. In China the sun can be highest in the sky at three o'clock. Time is all about fucking control."
He frowns into the distance, at the street lights refracted and double-exposed in the windows of the apartment blocks directly opposite their balcony. The girl huffs cigarette smoke into the sky.
"I don't see your point," she says. "I'm all for sticking it to the man, but why don't you like, sign a petition or something."
"Because this way," says the punk, "it makes me feel alive." He gets off the couch and pulls Val with him, one swift yank bringing them chest-to-chest, like they're about to break into a tango. Val is taller but feels smaller. The punk's shirt is black and damp with sweat and spilled beer. Behind him the glassy towers of So-Paul rise up, steely as mirrors in the sunlight; and in the kitchen the child-DJ slows his turntables to a mellow one-beat-per-second. Regular as a pulse. Val counts his own heartbeats and imagines time the way the punk does—fluid, subjective, anarchic.
"What do you think?" the punk whispers. "Isn't this the best party you've ever been to?"
Val laughs.
"I saw your ship," says the girl. She's still there, still watching them with a disaffected air. "Pretty flash. I heard those Japanese jobs can go almost as fast as light. How did a pair of wankers like you get your hands on a ship like that?"
"Come on, mate," says the punk. He tosses the embers of the joint over the balcony railing. "Let's get out of here. I could murder a bloody curry."

11am GMT
Love happens in Gabon. Love-making, that is. They'd have stopped in South Africa only it seemed easier to drop into this cheap white hotel in Libreville. Outside discos are coughing up all- night-clubbers from their brightly painted doors; shoppers and tourists move slowly beneath the sun. It's afternoon—probably exactly midday, although Val's worried that his clock isn't keeping up, is getting stuck on the meridians the way a thorn will catch on a woolen jumper. Time's dragging—Val feels it as physically as jetlag. Time's stuck. Time's unbalanced. The punk is unbalanced and cries on the end of the bed, wearing only his underwear.
"What is it?" Val asks.
"The ship," says the punk.
"What about the ship?"
"I've never stolen anything before," says the punk.
Some guys get moody before sex and some guys get moody after sex and Val doesn't know, using punk-logic, whether this is a before time or an after time. He can't think of much to do except pat the punk's back and make comforting noises. What would Josie do in a situation like this? he wonders. Kind, clever Josie, who's learnt that old Doctor's trick of appearing both professionally distant and compassionate.
When the punk stops crying they have sex again. It's just like the first time, only sadder, and afterwards the punk puts three pills into his mouth and washes them down with a baby bottle of hotel- fridge bourbon.
"I just fucked you and I've never met you," he says.
"No," says Val. "That's what happened half an hour ago."
There's a plastic powder-blue alarm clock sitting on the bedside table, and the punk grabs it suddenly and violently in both hands and slams it against the wall. He does it again, and again, but nothing breaks. There's not enough force behind each blow—the punk is skin and bones, fragile as a child. Carefully, kindly, Val takes the alarm clock out of the punk's shaking white hands and crushes it into the headboard. Blue chips and metal springs spill out between his fingers and onto the pillows.
"I don't believe in time," says the punk. "I don't believe in it."
Val sits up to put on his clothes, and the punk is behind him, his skinny fingers winding in Val's hair. His whole body is bowed like an apology, like he knows he's the one who's dragged Val all this way across the globe, not the other way around. Like he knows he's using Val's pity against him the same way Aubrey uses Val's pride.
"I want to get lost, baby," he whispers. "I want to get lost somewhere, anywhere. Anywhere except back there."

6am GMT
Where do you take someone who has nothing—no expectations or needs beyond the desire to get out?
Well, anywhere you want, really. They're sailing away over mountains, the Pacific rising like a screen above the green. Val spins the airship's navigation globe and his finger lands on Singapore. Nice beaches, brilliant nightlife. Val remembers spending a balmy summer there with Aubrey during their gap year. Getting drunk and getting laid. Aubrey daring and double-daring and double-dog daring Val to screw his way through the local population. Forget catharsis—he has to admit that it's always been a pride thing. He flushes at the memory and looks over at the punk, who's buckling himself into the scoop- shaped passenger seat.
"You ever been to Asia, kid?"
"Naw. Just New Zealand and the Americas. Got friends in So- Paul."
Val plots co-ordinates. "Maybe we can drop in on them later."
He dicks the landing—he's aimed them at a stretch of flat, freshly reclaimed land, but they come in too fast and he scrapes up the airship's right side on a fence. The mark it leaves in the paintwork looks like a thin, silver arrow. Val grumps, rubbing his thumb over the spot in the hope it'll magically smooth over. The punk grins. The earth is puddled and muddy from a recent rainstorm and the punk splashes back and forth, his boots slicked with exported dirt. Val watches him and starts laughing, helplessly. With warm hands the punk drags him through the field toward the city in the distance, sparkling and elegant in the morning sun.
Half an hour later they're in a crowded restaurant in Singapore City, one of the few remaining family-owned places that boasts a menu of local cuisine. The place smells like nasi goreng and noodles and people and foreign culture. Kids squabble on the floor over an electronic game; parents laugh and shout and eat. Music plays over the restaurant's speakers: trashy asian pop. The punk's got a handful of free tourist postcards fanned out on their table: Merlion statues, the old customs house, a view of Clarke Quay and a street guide.
"It says the map's always growing," he says.
"Why's that?"
"They reclaim land. They're building a bigger country. A new continent, if they could find the room. They export pieces of other places—soil, dirt, sand." Val shakes his watch: it tells him they're in GMT+8. GMT+8, at 2pm. The airship's got a mighty powerful engine, he thinks, if they can arrive well before they left.
"A fake country," says the punk. "I've never been to a fake country before. I've never even heard of one. It's luck we met, don't you think?"
"Fortuitous," Val agrees. "But I don't think the Singaporeans would like to hear you calling their country a fake."
The punk tilts his head to one side and eyes up Val real slow. "You're a queer, right?" he asks. There's a childish glee about him. Like this is all a big game. "I didn't think so at first, on account of you being such a big guy. But you are. I can see it in you. You don't fit like I don't fit. You're like, trans."
"I'm what?"
"I got this theory about time. Don't laugh. But I think—I think you got to stop caring about it. I think you got to make it, like, vanish." The punk makes a gesture like a conjurer's flourish. "I mean, what if no one's got time? What if no one's got dates and limits and schedules? Fuck, just think about it, man. Every fucking day can be your birthday."
"What do you have?" Val asks. "Is it infectious?"
"Could be," says the punk, winking. "Maybe I'll fuck you and you can find out."
Cute. Here Val is trying to play the white knight and all the little git wants to do is screw. Unnerved, Val pours himself a glass of overpriced, exported wine. As he does so there's a beeping sound at his waist, audible even over the chatter from nearby tables. It's a text message from Aubrey: OMG I DON'T BELIEVE U!!!
"Tell me about that time thing again?" Val says, turning his phone off.
"It's about freedom," says the punk. There's a religious light in his eyes now, like he's picturing his own timeless utopia. "The freedom to do anything, even if we don't want to do it. To love anyone and everyone. To build cities in a day. To deal with our shit on our own bloody time. Isn't that what everyone wants?"

3am GMT
"You didn't have to come, guys," says Josie, as the three of them— Josie, Aubrey and Val—walk through the grounds of the hospice. "I mean I love that you did but, well, it's nice here, the view, the people, but it's not really your scene, and I expect the trip must have been terribly long—"
"Hardly," Aubrey cuts him off. "Val's rich granddaddy bought him a new airship. Flash little Asian number, not exactly faster- than-light but bloody close. Took us an hour and a half to get here. And that includes the time it took us to nab some cheap take-away in Czech."
"We're sort of on our way somewhere else, anyway," Val admits. "We've booked a week in a hotel just outside of Christchurch. Skiing holiday with some of the guys from my third year robotics class. We figured we'd drop by and see how your internship was going."
"Not bad," says Josie. "Not too bad."
They're crossing a wide, flagstone patio bounded by a green railing that's covered in ivy. Beyond this the hospice's gardens roll out down a slight slope, landscaped and just neat enough to feel sterile. Bright summer flowers are contained within a reef of white stone. A dozen patients wander the grounds, their expressions faintly shell-shocked, as if the news of their terminal diagnosis still hasn't sunk in. Nurses move among them, some pushing wheelchairs, others carrying trays of water and bandages and the occasional syringe. It's all very peaceful in the way death isn't meant to be, and Val thinks of the poem that begins, Do not go gentle into that good night and shudders.
"Depressing," says Aubrey, echoing Val's private thoughts. "I hate being around death. Don't know how you stand it, Josie."
"I don't just stand it," says Josie, fingering his stethoscope like it's a rosary. "I fight it. I fight it every bloody day."
"Doctor Josie Cooper, patron of lost causes."
"You don't have a terminal illness," says Josie. "You don't understand."
"Fuck you," says Aubrey, and lights a cigarette, even though there's signs all over the hospice that say smoking isn't allowed. "We're all fucking terminal."
Josie leads them on through a small gate and around to the front of the hospice. There's the carpark, there's Val's shiny new Japanese airship, and there's a thin white guy trying to break into it using what looks like a rusted door hinge. A punk. Leather jacket, ripped jeans, a black vest with a band slogan on it—LIVE OR DIE. His hair is stiff and pink and he scrabbles madly at the airship's lock like a dumb animal scratching at wire of its cage. He looks up as Val-and-Co enter the carpark, alerted by the sound of crunching gravel; then he snorts and goes back to what he's doing. Like getting caught attempting to steal an airship is par for the course.
"Classy," Aubrey says. "Is he one of yours, Doctor Cooper?"
"A junky." Josie looks disgusted. "There's just no helping some people."
Val says, scratching his head, "I'm not really sure what the protocol is here. Do I hit him, or do I call the police?"
"Not bad looking for a criminal, though. Bet you can't roll him," says Aubrey, who is suddenly behind Val, who is suddenly wrapping an arm around his shoulders and whispering, like a devil, into his ear. "Roll, as in slang, as in fuck, fondle, grope, molest, bugger—"
"Straight," says Josie dismissively. "Has to be." But Val sees something in the set of the punk's skinny hips— it's not gaydar or anything so trite, he just gets the sense of possibility, like this guy has reached that stage in his life when he's up for anything. He shakes Aubrey off and checks his reflection in the glass frontage of the hospice. Unshaven, scruffy-haired, but at least his face is clean and he's always been rather dashing in his own way—he's tall and brown and fat in the way that looks solid with the right clothes.
"See you," he says to his friends. "Might be back. Might have to hitch your own ride to the hotel, Aubrey."
He walks off while Aubrey titters behind him and Josie huffs through his nose in that way that's like, I'm very disappointed in you, Val. He gets up close to the punk and stands there with his hands behind his back. It's really immature, the whole fuckfondlegropeetc thing, but Aubrey and he have always behaved like callous, small-minded sex-addicts when they're on holiday— it's like a cathartic thing, to play the bastard after being good for the duration of the college semester. And Aubrey's right, the punk isn't bad, and if things work out right Val will have a notch in his bed-head before they even get to the slopes.
"Nice ship, isn't it," he says to the punk. The punk looks up, startled, shy, guilty, and Val sees that despite the bluster and the leather jacket and the torn jeans, he's only a kid, really, probably only just out of high school. Some silly wannabe gangster in a big man's clothes.
"Is it yours?" the punk asks.
"No," Val lies. He stands there and the punk stands there and together they look at the ugly, sweaty marks the punk's hands have made on the airship's smooth green carapace. Val wants to think about fucking but the whole sex idea has died now, the punk has killed it.
"I need to do this," says the punk.
"Do what?"
"I need—I need this ship. I need to go. It's time, see. I ain't got enough. I need to go back. Because every second from here on, I'm losing ground."
"I don't understand."
But the guy is scattered, scared, his fingers jumping spastically against his thighs. And Val realizes he knows that look—he's seen it in the faces of the hospice's patients. Not desperation, not depression, but—he finally recognizes—desire. All those skinny terminal bodies aching not for painkillers or companionship or Josie's mild-mannered attentions, but for time, more time, because that's how doctors diagnose these days, not in probabilities and possibilities but in measurements of life. Five weeks. Three months. Days, maybe hours.
"Oh," says Val, and the thought occurs to him that it might be more cathartic to be a hero than a bastard.
He goes to the airship's door and pretends to short-circuit the electronics with a credit card. The punk's eyes go wide and then a slow grin spreads across his face. He looks at Val like Val is the patron saint of salvation, emancipation, and liberation all rolled into one. He looks at Val like Val can save him, and there's a little bit of Val that wishes he could.
Val checks his watch. It's 4pm in Christchurch, New Zealand. "C'mon, kid," he says. "Let's go for a ride."



Nemutaph


Del does not want this job.
It's eight o'clock, already two hours after punch-out, but here is Agent Kordon waving a new file under her nose. It is a thick file and across its cover is the word MEDIA, which is how they label sensitive cases at 'Pol. Cases that will eventually wind up on the feeds in some form or another.
"Why me?" says Del.
"You're the genius." He says the word dismissively. "You should be thanking me for the opportunity, anyway."
"Is that a joke?"
Kordon looks at her and she looks back—not a glare, just a stare—and his face changes a bit, goes weak around the edges of his mouth and the back of his eyes. Del knows what he's thinking: Goddamn cold bitch, the same thing he said in the staff kitchen years ago when she was first assigned to his department at 'Pol. When he didn't know she was around to overhear.
Kordon says, "No, it's not a joke."
"Fine," says Del. "Show me what you need to."
He takes a flash from the file and plugs it into her computer. It's a clip-file he shows her, two and a half minutes long. The picture is good quality, but shaky: it's been shot with some kind of hand-held camera. But the framing is perfect—the murder centered, focused, clear, from start to finish.
When the clip is over, Del turns her computer monitor slightly away and closes her eyes. She isn't disgusted or shocked by what she's seen. She just needs a moment to plant the footage securely in her memory.
"Where did you get the footage?" she asks Kordon.
"On the feeds. Our star witness is an opera singer who wears a twenty-four hour, live camera bug. Nemutaph—have you heard of him? His feed has thousands of viewers. The murder happened at one of his concerts. It played out live all over the world."
Del checks her watch. "You can have me for half an hour."
Kordon curls his lip. "You owe me some overtime—" he begins, but Del cuts him off.
"I said half an hour because that's all it'll take."

§

According to Kordon, Nemutaph is waiting for her in his house. In his ninety-eighth floor, luxury penthouse. Del takes the elevator up; it opens into a circular room. Around the room is a wide, unbroken window like a belt.
The singer, Nemutaph, is standing at the room's center. He is painted like an Egyptian princeling, his eyes lined with black kohl and mascara the colour of lapis-lazuli. His bare belly is painted with designs in red-henna, lotus flowers and vines and squat, mouthless scarabs. He wears an open silk robe, a plain white skirt, and sandals. A tiny bug by his right ear contains the miniature camera he used to record the footage. A camera that is, she knows, recording her now.
Del has heard him sing before, on the radio. His voice does not impress her; opera does not impress her. But she is impressed by his fame. His feed once had thousands of viewers, but now— after the murder—she expects there are millions of eyes out there. Del braces a smile like a barrier for all Nemutaph's fans, watching around the globe.
"I'm Agent Delphine Desangua," she says. "I work for Interpol."
He looks at her—this skinny girl-Pasifika, hair like sheep's wool, skin beige-brown, those big black eyes that reflect nothing. In her oversized 'Pol uniform Del feels suddenly like a child playing dress-ups; like all this, her rank, her badge, her gun, her authority, is play-pretend.
"Agent Kordon said you were a mental," says Nemutaph eventually. "His word, not mine. He says you are like an idiot savant, an autist, that you can calculate prime numbers and remember the text of every book you have read. I said, she is a genius then, but he said no, no more than a computer is a genius for divining pi."
Del shrugs and says nothing. She's used to people talking about her brain as if it is somehow alien, somehow technological, as if she's been magically gifted with an access password to limitless memory. She turns away from him, toward the window. Outside the sky's turned the colour of smoked salmon. Nemutaph's reflection hangs suspended over the city like a god or a ghost.
"I understand what it is to be different," says Nemutaph. "To be more that other people. When I was young I knew I would be castrati. In my soul I could not be anything else. I spoke to my parents, I said, this is what I am. They did not accept it at first. But I persisted and pleaded and finally they said, if this is what you are, you must be it. We went to the doctor; the doctor refused us. We went to a lawyer and the lawyer took us to the court and the courts said no, it could not be done, the operation would not happen, it was barbaric. I said to them, I am castrati, but the judge said no, you are a little boy, you do not know what you are yet, when you grow up you will feel differently."
Del watches him keenly. For what exactly, she's not sure. As he reaches for a bottle on his dresser she notices that his soft hands end in ugly stubs and lumps, as if he has been born unfinished, the fingers not yet fully formed. For some reason she finds this attractive. She likes ill-made things. At home, in her dusty city apartment, she keeps a collection of malformed junk food: Siamese Maltesers, twisted biscuits, a Mars bar that's hollow through the middle. She has a photo album of five-legged calves and two- headed snakes, creatures that would not survive outside, in the real world.
Nemutaph pours a glass of wine. He uses his palms to guide the bottle into position. She watches him, in the glass, above the city.
"The judge, he sent me home. At first I tried to live like a boy, but my voice, it is like ice, it is a white light and I know in my heart that it is more powerful than the ruling of any court, the will of any judge. So when my parents are out I do this thing, it is a little crazy, I go into the kitchen and I cut off my thumb, just below the knuckle, with the knife my mother used to cut fresh bread. I put it in a box and I walk to the courts and I find that judge, the one who told me I could not be castrati, I give him the box and I say, I am not a little boy and I am not afraid of losing this finger or any other.
"After that I am sent away from my parents. I am passed from asylum to asylum and at each one I tell them that this is a mistake, that I am castrati, but they do not listen. Instead they fill me with drugs and also put me in restraints because I have a bad habit: I have begun to bite off my fingers, piece by piece. My parents cannot take this any longer, each time they visit me there is a little less of me. It is, how do you say it, it is to break their heart. On my tenth birthday they signed me out of the asylum and sent me to a doctor in international airspace, and the doctor made me what I was always meant to be, castrati."
She knows why Kordon sent her now. It takes a freak to investigate a freak. Maybe he thinks they'll have something in common.
She coughs and says, "I came here to talk about the murder."
Nemutaph looks at her and Del looks back and the confusion in his round face is almost comical.
"Yes," he says eventually. "I suppose you did."
"Do you want to talk about it?"
"No. No, I do not think so. It was quite unpleasant, the way it happened, the way it ended." He makes an explosive gesture with one unformed hand. "An eruption. So much blood. So very tragic. What was it? A gun? A laser? A bomb, perhaps?"
"Gun. It's clear from the footage. You can't see the weapon, but you can see the flash at the very edge of the frame. Can I smoke?" She already has the cigarette in her mouth, her hands cupping the lighter, and his gaze moves instinctively to the flame as it fires.
"I do not usually allow people to smoke in my home. But this time I will make an exception." He sits down on a lounge, drawing his robe around him in a way Del thinks of as womanish. No, she realizes after a second; it's not womanish but coy. "What was her name?" he asks.
"Whose name?"
"The woman who died."
"I don't know. She wasn't important. A nobody."
"A... a nobody?" Nemutaph raises a painted eyebrow, one hand raised like a schoolboy requesting a clarification. "You understand I am filming this, yes? My bug, here, it is a camera and it is watching you, the same as I am watching you, and around the world there are thousands of people also watching you. They are seeing and hearing everything that I am seeing and hearing—"
"Yes, I know. I've seen the footage you took."
"I do not think you should call her a nobody. You are an Agent of Interpol. It does not seem right for you to do this. It is my understanding that the woman who died, she was good person, she was well liked in her job. A good person is not a nobody."
Del eyes the winking light of the bug and imagines Agent Kordon watching on the opposite end, his expression twisted in horror. A knowing horror, though. Goddamn cold bitch. "When I call someone a nobody I do it because they aren't worth murdering. No sinister contacts, no jaded lovers, no financial problems, no reason anyone would want them dead. Do you understand? The woman doesn't matter."
"I understand now you have explained this to me, it makes a queer sense—"
"Let's watch the footage," she interrupts. "Now?"
"Of course." It's the first time she's caught him off-guard. He stands up and goes to a cabinet, which opens out into a desk inlaid with dark wood. The hood of a projector is embedded in its plane like the periscope of a submarine.
"Are you sure?" he asks, before it begins.
"Yes."
He moves his hand and the footage is suddenly there, hanging in the middle of the room—not a hologram but something close, some kind of shiny flashy foreign tech. Del sits on the lounge and Nemutaph comes to join her. They watch the footage together and Del lights a fresh cigarette from the butt of her own one. She's aware Nemutaph is watching her out of the corner of his eye. Nemutaph, and Kordon, and the rest of the world.
Nemutaph's aria ends. A gunflash lights the room. A woman dies. The footage ends, the fleeing audience elegantly framed by the wings of the stage.
It amazes her, sometimes, the things normal people miss.
"Did you do it?" she asks Nemutaph.
"Am I the murderer, do you mean?" Nemutaph smiles. "Agent Desangua, you must know I was the one recording this film. I was standing on the stage, you understand. This was my great moment, my aria, and the audience was fixed upon me too, as if I were the only soul in the world. A million alibis. And even if I were not standing there, I could not have killed this woman. I do not have fingers to pull a trigger."
"Are you sure?"
"I am sure."
"Okay, cool." She checks her watch. Kordon has exactly ten more minutes of her time, and then she's out of here. "You really like opera, huh. Isn't it kind of old fashioned?"
"Maybe. But there are many old fashioned things that are wonderful. I have always loved opera, even when I was young. You have heard my story, you know my life has been both tragic and passionate, and this is why I love opera, which is also these things."
"Not much market for it."
"It is a dying art, as they say, but many people watch my concerts. Thousands. Of course there are many more watching me now—but I believe they are only interested in you, Agent Desangua. They want to watch Interpol at work."
"Does it annoy you?" It does, she sees it in his face, but his voice is disarmingly polite.
"I beg your pardon?"
"You cut off your fingers and your balls for your art, but the world only tunes in when some nobody gets shot."
"It does not annoy me. I suppose it confuses me. I admit I have taken some small advantage of the attention. I have sung to them while I awaited your arrival. Mozart. People always enjoy Mozart." Nemutaph looks away. "Perhaps more people will come to enjoy opera. Just now I have revealed my life to them, so that they may know me bett—"
"Let's watch the footage again."
A mistake. He frowns and rises, his skirts flaring behind him. She's pushed him too hard, too quickly. He wanted to talk about himself again, to tell his story, to sell his queer ball-less story to his millions of viewers.
"Please understand I do not mean to tell you what to do, Agent Desangua, but is this really how you run a murder investigation?" he says testily. "Do you not have other witnesses to question?"
"The footage is the witness."
"But you cannot see the murderer, they are outside the frame."
"Maybe you can't. But I can."
"Ah. You are a genius, yes, a special kind of genius? One who can solve crimes without seeing the murderer or interrogating any witnesses? If you are so sure, then—" and he goes to his projector and begins the footage over again. He folds his arms and stares away from her, into the not-hologram. "Go on," he says. "Tell me what you see that I can't see. But I am beginning to feel you are wasting my time and you do not know who is the murderer, and also you are not a genius after all."
Del says nothing. There's nothing, after all, to be said: it's not a sign of genius to be able to predict the predictable. Kordon's got her wrong, and always has. Her near-perfect recall doesn't make her a good Interpol agent—it's a skill more suited to a good book- keeper, a good linguist. It's the fact she is unlike other people—her difference itself—that has made her learn more about people than someone like Kordon ever could.
She unclasps her gun from its holster and points it at the wooden cabinet.
When his aria ends, she fires it.
The cabinet explodes.
Nemutaph's reaction is electric. "What are you doing?" he screams, spinning around, backing away, a stubby, finger-less hand raised.
Del sighs. "Did you see the murderer?"
"What? What murderer? I see only you with a gun in your hand! What is going on? Are you insane?"
"You're not more than anyone else, Nemutaph. In fact you're exactly like everyone else. Maybe just a little bit more desperate. A little bit more stubborn. The things people do for their dreams. Or rather, the things they do for fame. For drama. For tragedy." She raises the gun, fixes his crotch in her sights. "Do you really not see the murderer?"
"Put the gun down, please! What are you talking about? What murderer? It is only us here."
"I bet your watchers see him, now," says Del, tapping the side of her head. "Your audience. Come on. Who did you pay to pull the trigger?"
"What? I do not understand, you are very confusing..."
"The footage, you idiot. The frame. What kind of person hears a gun shot and doesn't look toward the sound?"

§

Before her 'Pol back-up shows up to haul him away, Del takes some photos of Nemutaph on the ground, with his hands over his head.
She can add them to her collection of malformed things.



Katya in Quarantine


There's a girl in SoWatt who can tell you what your dreams mean.
She's got laser-perfect blonde hair and wears designer knock- offs she gets cheap from the pirates of Okhotsk. Her accent is clipped and sounds maybe South African, but with SoWatt being such a cultural melting pot, it's hard to tell. She mainly works out of cafes and restaurants, the more expensive the better, but sometimes, when business isn't so good, she'll do it for you in your office.
With the quarantine on, business is pretty bad—pretty fucking bad, actually—which is why the dream girl is now in a hotel suite talking to a blue woman in a bath.
"Rats?" says the dream girl. Trying not to look at the woman. Not because the woman is naked but because the woman's skin is a queer, marbled blue like an expensive cheese. "Huh. I've never heard that one before."
"They come out of my mouth," says the blue woman. "I can feel their tails slithering in my throat."
"Ugh." The dream girl wrinkles her nose. "That's some fucked up shit."
"I know."
"No, I mean that's genuinely fucked up. As in, not normal."
"What's normal, then?”
"Teeth falling out. Being naked in public places. Having sex. That kind of thing."
"Fine, forget it," says the woman, stretching, her marbled blue tits with their marbled blue nipples bobbing to the water's surface like twin icebergs. "Rats, schmats. Jesus, the only reason I invited you up to my suite was because I thought you were a hooker. Who the fuck else wears a skirt that short and loiters in a hotel lobby? Just take your money and get out."
The dream girl sighs and swipes the woman's credit card on the lacquered lining of her purse. "I think," she says carefully, "your dream means you like your job."

§

The quarantine of So Watt is entirely Katya's fault.
"Interpol's contagious diseases squad respond immediately to any reports of Genku B," Boo tells her on the phone. "I'm afraid you're going to be shut up in So Watt for quite some time. Weeks, maybe, depending on how fast they can fly in vaccines. And then So Watt is fucking witchy woo land, so they'll have to fight the alternative medicine assholes before they can actually distribute them."
"So what do I do in the meantime?"
Boo snarls. "I don't know, you big blue bitch, maybe you should use the time to have a good long think about your cavalier attitude toward prostitutes. I'm not a fucking idiot, Sushi. The form of Genku B we gave you was supposed to only be transmissible through genital contact. The feeds are reporting they've now found four women in So Watt with a bad case of Genku. You've been in the flying city for what, twenty four hours?"
"Hm," says Katya.
Boo starts screaming at her. Katya puts the phone down gently on a bedside table and rolls onto her back. The quarantine has put her in a very awkward position. Katya Sushi is an international terrorist and technically Interpol's Most Wanted, although no one knows her name. On the feeds they call her Patient Zero, the Plague Dog, Pestilence, or sometimes simply the Carrier. Her job—the thing Boo employs her to do—is to ferry diseases from city to city, incubating them in her own body before releasing them to the unsuspecting public.
It pays fucking well, well enough to keep her in fancy suites and fancy hookers for the rest of her life. Which is (Katya thinks) a fair price to pay for spending one week out of every twenty in a hospital bed, vomiting, shitting and screaming while blackmarket doctors drip-feed her antibiotics.
"Boo," she says, picking up the phone again. "I'm sorry. What do I do?"
"You lay low," Boo grunts. Mollified, perhaps, by the apology. "Really low. I've heard Interpol are starting to get smart about you. I understand there's been several reports now of a woman with a 'skin condition' hanging around outbreak sites. They've got security footage of you in Rio from your West Nile gig, talking to a patient. And I hear they're pretty sure you're in So Watt town. It's not looking good."
"It's hexaphrine—a drug side effect," says Katya, scratching a mottled arm. "Not a skin condition. I can't help it."
"I don't mean you're not looking good. I mean shit is getting a serious in the infectious disease smuggling industry. I don't know if we've got a mole, I don't know who's talking, but I don't like the idea they've managed to track you down. Take the antibiotics I gave you and clear the Genku out of your system. I think you and I are going to have to take some time out from our business relationship."
Katya climbs out of bed and pushes open a window. Her view is of the city's cleanest districts—all shiny metal streets that loop in and out hi-houses like a broken orrery. "Am I in danger?" she asks.
"You are danger," says Boo, crossly, and hangs up.

§

There's a witch doctor in So Watt who can cure you of any disease at all, you just name it.
You just name it—and then the witch doctor will name his price.
The witch doctor's name is Cristos, and he's happy to welcome Katya into his office. Very happy. Katya suspects he, like the dream-girl, hasn't been getting much business because of the quarantine. Most business in So Watt comes from fleecing gullible tourists. People fly in from the mainland to get their fortunes told and their dreams interpreted and their weird moles prayed over by people like Cristos.
Cristos' office looks like a movie set, the walls painted black, crazy masks hanging from the ceiling. He's dressed like a voodoo priest, real Baron Samedi shit—a dark purple suit and a top hat. He looks a bit like a skeleton, he's so skinny. Katya guesses he's some kind of vegan-raw-food-cultist—he's got that composty-smell about him.
"You have come to me for help," Cristos intones from his desk. "What would you have me do?"
"I've got a... a skin condition." Katya knows she shouldn't be here, but she's never been good at lying low. She's taken precautions so she won't get noticed by Interpol's contagious diseases squad: she's wearing a veil and gloves that will hide the tell-tale blue. "Could you take a look at it? Maybe give me some kind of... herbal stuff."
"Herbal stuff?" Cristos laughs, a big booming laugh that sounds false. "Some herbs, yes, but I deal in alternative medicine. Am I right in thinking that mainland doctors haven't been much help to you?"
"Yeah. Most of the stuff they give me just makes it worse." Katya peels off her gloves and flexes her wrist. "You can't tell so well in this light, but my skin's got this funny colour to it."
"Oh yes. Is it a form of oxygen deprivation? You know, I've a friend with an O2 chamber, I could book you in for—" Cristos recoils. "No. Blue. Blue. You're that woman. That woman. I saw you on the feeds." He points a finger. His other hand is scrabbling underneath his desk. "You're the one Interpol are hunting for. The walking plague."
"I guess," Katya says. It's rare she's recognised for who she is, for what she is. Because of that she often forgets that people are scared of her. Cristos' reaction makes her shiver—not with fear, but with a little pleasing power-rush. "The walking plague, hey?"
Cristos' hand reappears from under his desk with a gun.
"Oh, you're going to kill me? Do you know who I work for?" She backs up, though, her hands raised.
"Please don't touch anything," he begs. His voice is less booming now. He's just some hippy bastard in a Halloween costume. "Please, please, don't touch anything."
"What, like this?" Katya runs her finger across the wall behind her.
Cristos shoots. The bullet hits the plastic floor tiles at her feet, leaving a smoking bore-hole the width of a forefinger.
"Okay, okay. I'll quit messing with you."
"That wasn't a warning shot. I meant to put that bullet between your eyes."
"I'm not working right now, I'm not infectious. You've got nothing to worry about."
"I've got nothing to worry about? Are you insane? You've incubated swine flu, West Nile, Genku, HIV and ebola."
"Chill out, baby boy. Two of those you could only catch by fucking me."
Cristos starts banging his head against the wall. "Get out," he screams. "Get out or so help me god I will shoot us both and burn the hi-house to the ground."
Katya heads for the door. "I'll see you round, doctor," she says.

§

The quarantine barriers circle the city of So Watt like the rings of Saturn.
From the balcony of her hotel room, Katya can see the quarantine officers in their hazmat suits, stamping up and down the walkways. There's at least four dozen out there now, interrogating the locals, flashing their medscans, checking ID cards. It's weird to think they're all here for her. Weird and exciting. It's about the fear, mainly. Katya can sense its current rippling through the streets of So Watt. People are avoiding personal contact, walking faster. Staying clear of anyone with a runny nose. Looking out for the tell-tale signs of Genku B—rashes, red- rimmed eyes, missing fingernails.
Katya feels a sense of pride about it. That's her fear out there; she made it, just by existing. She's seen woodcuts of the spectre of Death in London during the Bubonic Plague, and she's always felt a funny kinship with him.
Death was just doing his job, like Katya does hers. So Boo doesn't want to work with her anymore. Well maybe Katya doesn't need Boo anymore, either. Katya's fame is spreading—the quarantine is a perfect advertisement for her services. People will always want plagues. She's going to have no shortage of jobs once Interpol get out of here.
She goes to bed early, feeling confident for the future, and doesn't wake until dusk.
People—many people—are chanting outside. Katya goes to the balcony. There's a kind of impromptu parade snaking down the city's main street. Hundreds of people, dancing, praying and chanting. Some wear masks with wild, bestial faces. There's music, too—mainly drums. Fireworks spark. You'd think in a flying city people would be less fucking gullible about this kind of voodoo shit. But then people in So Watt probably believe the city is kept aloft by the prayers of blessed children, or some such bullshit.
Katya puts on her veil and gloves and goes downstairs.
The parade is passing by her hotel when she gets outside. She finds herself caught amidst a procession of painted people in outlandish costumes, people with skulls for faces, people with plastic leaves in their head. Men with dreadlocks carry paper skeletons on sticks and shake them at the sky. Women with beaded headscarves sing about spirits in harmony.
It's a parade of the dead, Katya realises, some kind of queer So Watt ritual. It's crazy but it's also fantastic. She sees a mask that's a huge skull, with spiral-patterned stones staring out of each eye socket. Another is a sad looking old man with a hooked nose and ears adorned with a dozen jewels. A mask near the back is skirted by bright blue feathers and depicts two faces - one black and one white - intertwined with one another.
Katya merges into the crowd, secure behind her veil. She is death incognito, walking within her own parade...
Someone grabs her arm, pulling her to a halt. It's the dream- girl.
"I know who you are," says the dream-girl. "Rats, right. Rats, like plague rats. I worked it out. She's here!" she continues, shouting now above the sounds of the parade. "She's here! It's her! She's the diseased woman!"
People start turning around. Staring. Pointing. Katya yanks her hand away.
"Fuck off. Leave me alone!"
"It's her," the dream-girl persists. "It's her! The rat!"
Suddenly Katya is surrounded by skulls and demon faces. They move in. Some reach for her. They're wearing rubber gloves so they don't have to handle her directly. Because she's diseased. Because she's untouchable. Katya runs. Twisted images of things dead and supernatural rush past her. People shout and grab at her hair.
Others step back, still afraid of the walking Death.

§

There's a man in So Watt who can tell you what your future holds.
He reads tarot cards mainly, but for a little extra he'll do the I Ching and tea leaves and even a bit of palmistry, so long as there's no skin-contact. In a quarantine situation, you can't be too careful. Especially with Genku B.
"I'll do the cards," says Katya, scratching her neck beneath her veil.
The tarot reader shuffles the cards and places the first on the table before her.
It's Death. Katya's stomach churns. "What the fuck?"
"Death doesn't mean a literal death, dear—more commonly, it means a change. The end of an idea, the end of an era." The tarot- reader looks over his spectacles at her, drawing more cards out of the pack. "You seem worried. Why did you come here? What did you want to find out?"
"I don't know. It's just... this whole place is fucking with my head." Katya groans. "My boss kind of fired me. And then last night this mob tried to kill me, these fucking masked voodoo assholes. I'm kind of—"
"Lost?"
"Yeah. I mean, what am I going to do if I can't... Fuck, I could wind up stuck in and out of quarantines for the rest of my life."
"Hm." The tarot reader is staring at the cards he's dealt out for her. Beside Death rests the level balances of Justice. "What did you say you did for a living, dear?" he asks.
"Why? Do you know who I am?"
The tarot reader doesn't blink. "No. should I?"
"No." Katya exhales. "You shouldn't. Okay then, tell me my future."
"As I said, a change is coming. A change and a chance for redemption. You're at a crossroads right now, and your hand might be forced soon. Whatever the result, it will be positive." The tarot reader smiles encouragingly, his eyes crinkling at the corners. "I see many good things."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I see a lot of good fortune. Everything will be easier from now on."
She's not superstitious, not really—logically she knows this is all just esoteric tourist bullshit—but it feels good to be reassured. Everything will be easier from now on. Katya manages a smile at the thought of it. The quarantine in So Watt, in fucking voodoo crazytown, has been doing her head in, and without Boo around to protect her, she's gotten paranoid.
But why should she be paranoid, really? She's in charge of her life now. In charge of her future. She's Patient Zero, the Plague Dog, the dark lady Pestilence. She shouldn't have anyone to fear— not monsters, not demons, not witch doctors with guns or dream- girls who cry rat.
"Thanks," she says, meaning it, and hands the tarot reader her credit card.
She leaves him to clear her funds while she investigates the room. The place is full of tourist-twaddle: black candlesticks and red curtains. She thumbs her way along a bookshelf filled with mystically titled books.
"Hm," says the tarot reader, after a time.
"Is the card not going through?"
"No."
"What, is it broken?"
"Did you know this card has a security alert on it?"
"What?"
He blinks up at her over his glasses. "It's a pretty high-level alert. A real summon-the-military type alert. Are you... are you someone important, dear?"
From outside Katya hears the faint sound of shifting boots, of metal chambers clicking into place. She lifts the corner of a curtain and sees a familiar flash of orange. Hazmat suits. Interpol's contagious diseases squad. They've heard about the woman in So Watt who carries with her a thousand diseases, who can carry a disease for you, too, if the price is right.
They've brought hoses and med scanners and flashing lights.



The Future of Lole San Paulo


The grotar has a torn wing and a chunk of flesh the size of a fist missing from its scaly right flank. It slaps along the inside of its cage, yellow eyes rolling, serrated teeth grinding against the wire. Under normal circumstances it would be euthanized, but this grotar is one of Mr Sutchi's favorite fighters and requires Lole's special attention. Lole boxes it into a corner using a trowel and a test-tube rack, then sprays it in the face with anesthesia. The grotar yaps, shrieks and then falls over.
When it's completely still, Lole lifts the grotar out of the cage and onto a metal trestle. Carefully he examines and cleans the grotar's wounds, using a tissue dipped in avaric and white-vinegar. He can see the teeth marks in the grotar's side where its adversary—a hunkling, perhaps, or one of those split tailed cat- lizard hybrids they make in West Palais—has pulled away scales and flesh.
It'd be kinder to put it down, Lole thinks. Put it down and tell Sutchi it died in its cage. Better a merciful death than a life in the ring.
But he can't bring himself to kill the grotar, though he stands there for a full minute with a vial of tropazine—liquid death—in his hand. Killing one grotar won't change anything, he knows. They'll just cook up a new batch tomorrow. The suffering won't stop it'll just get passed on to the next generation, like in that old biblical proverb; the sins of the fathers.
Sighing, Lole lowers the tropazine and clunks off to fetch some plasmic gel and a roll of wet-wire from the laboratory's fridge.
"The things I do," he says aloud, as he sutures the wound. "The things I do."
While the grotar sleeps off the effects of the anesthesia, Lole goes outside to smoke. A wide balcony wraps all the way around the laboratory, ringed with a glass rail. It's one of Lole's favorite places. It's dark outside—it's after twelve—and the moon sits deceptively low on the horizon. Westward lies the coast of Madagascar; to the north are the islands of the Seychelles, distant flecks of white and gold and fifty meters below are the dark waters of the Atlantic. Mr Sutchi's empire lies far offshore in international airspace, pirate country, where the law of the mainland can't touch him. Where there are no rules and all things—animal-fights, hunting, monster-breeding—are permissible.
Lole leans against the glass and inhales slowly, eyes closed. I am not my work, he tells himself; And this is not what I came here to do...
"Hello," says someone.
Lole splutters and opens his eyes. There is a Eurasian boy standing at his side, a briefcase in one hand, tapping the railing with tiny dainty fingertips like he's been there all the time. He's pretty; slim and fine-boned as a girl and his face is too flat-featured and round to be definitively female or male. Tattoos, thin as webbing, cover his exposed arms to the wrist and rise above his collar like frayed threads. He has thin lips and dark hair and very bright eyes that pass quickly and shamelessly over Lole's body. It's not a look of revulsion—which is what Lole's used to—but it's not exactly friendly, either.
In fact there is something not right about the boy, something almost plastically perfect. Lole looks again at the tattoos—they are pirate symbols, clearly, drawn with a lecky-knife and filled with black ink—and tries to remember where he's seen them before. A show on the newsfeeds...something about a cat burglar...a jewel heist? Belatedly he wonders how the boy got up here; all the doors to the balcony should be locked...
He's about to ask when the boy speaks again: "You're Lole San Paulo, the geneticist."
"You're Bink Ottoman," says Lole, the name suddenly coming to him. "The thief."
The boy smiles widely, exposing a mouth full of very straight, very white teeth. "Oh, you're clever, Tinman," he says. "The mainlanders really lost out when they decided to give you the bum's-rush. Pity about all those bio-ethics laws; the UN just doesn't appreciate genius. Which brings me to the reason I'm here: how's life in pirate country treating you?"
Lole says nothing. He feels that his situation—working as Mr Sutchi's lab monkey—speaks for itself.
"Spiffing," says Bink. Up close the boy smells like whiskey and also chemicals—drugs, perhaps, the synthetic powders the rent-boys snort in the back rooms of Mr Sutchi's clubs. Di-hydra. "I can see from your face that you're enjoying Sutchi's patronage almost as much as I enjoy the sweet strains of police sirens. I'm not surprised. I've worked for Sutchi before; odd jobs. Very odd jobs, actually..."
"I should call someone," Lole mumbles. "You shouldn't be here."
"Don't look a gift horse in the mouth, Tinman. For once I'm not here to steal something. Instead I'm going to give you what you need to get out of Sutchi's mutant vet-shop and into some real lab work. Curing diseases; creating the human genome; growing ears on mice...maybe grafting yourself a few new arms and legs."
"Do you even know what the human genome is?"
But Bink isn't listening; is, in fact, in the middle of unfastening the buckles of his vest. Lole watches him, feeling dumb and confused and also slightly dirty. It's been a while—a long, long while—since he's met a nice-looking boy who'd deign to talk to him, never mind strip in front of him. What is he meant to do? Look away? Leave?
Then Bink pulls off his vest completely and Lole realizes that he's meant to be looking after all. The boy's torso is a mass of scar tissue. Surgical scars, too—they're too straight and too elegant to be anything else. They cover him from his tattooed neck to the top of his trousers and Lole suspects they continue on beneath. How could a human survive that sort of torture? Lole wonders and realizes that the answer is simple: They couldn't.
"Clone," Bink explains and runs his hand across the patchwork of his body. "Not just any clone—in fact, as clones go, I'm quite unique; built offshore before the bio-legislation came in. Back when geneticists could work without limits. Back when you guys knew how to have real fun. I can re-grow a liver in a fortnight and harvest kidneys in bunches. I barely bleed. I can heal a six inch wound while you watch. I'm fucking superman, me."
"Can I..." Lole blushes.
Bink winks. "Professional curiosity, I understand."
Lole reaches out to touch the clone's body. It's surprisingly cold to the touch and has a strange, plastic-like quality. The scar tissue looks like it's been welded together and feels hard and rubbery. Lole pinches it between finger and thumb and imagines he feels some kind of mesh between his fingers, tensile as metal. Not quite flesh, but not quite nerve-bionics either, like the dark false flesh that surrounds Lole's tin limbs.
"If you were going to make a monster that'd catch Sutchi's attention," says Bink quietly, "you'd have to make it out of something really special. Right?"
Lole looks at the clone and the clone looks back hopefully. And Lole notices, also, that Bink's pupils are wide and hollow and that he is shaking, slightly. The hand that clutches his vest is rocking back and forth in slow, rhythmic motions, like a cellist dancing a bow across strings.
"Di-hydra," says Lole, tossing the remains of his cigarette off the balcony.

§

They share hard-luck stories. For once Lole—exiled, hated, mobbed and ripped apart—has competition in his misery. The clone, it turns out, is a prostitute of sorts. For six months he's been selling his body on the creaking, metal walkways of Mr Sutchi's flying world. He peddles it door to door like a traveling salesman, his briefcase filled with the tools of his trade: scalpel, scissors, needles and thread. He haunts the back doors of hospital emergency wards; he frequents AA meetings and eating disorder clinics and cancer support groups. He conducts his business in hotel bathtubs and walk-in freezers, calmly carving away his organs and portioning them into plastic bags like butcher's meat. For a liver he can get four thousand credits; for a kidney two; he charges by the meter for intestines and arteries. But it's not enough—of course it's not enough, not when he's nursing a high- level di-hydra addiction.
Which is why he needs a money fix—that's how Bink says it, a fix—and the only way he can score that amount of cash in one go is if he wins it.
He's already got plans for the money. No more di-hydra, that's for sure. His first purchase is going to be some Xizon, the blood thinning drug—apparently he can wash anything out of his clone physiology by downing a bottle of the stuff. And after the Xizon does its work, and he's stopped shitting and vomiting and bleeding, he's going to get a ticket out of Sutchi country. And he's never coming back.
"How much of me do you need?" he asks Lole. They're in Lole's apartment, which is inadvisable but Lole has always been a sucker for lost boys. A sucker for people who don't look at him like he's some kind of twenty-first century Frankenstein, too. The apartment is a small cluttered place filled with Lole's notebooks and papers and books and other academic detritus. It is a room with a view. The monster-fighting arenas directly below and beyond them a landscape—airscape—of Sutchi's clubs and factories and shops, all connected by metal walkways and wooden bridges. Internally, there is a desk, a fridge,a bathroom and a bed that folds out from the wall. Sea-damp has crept up the walls and left the paper musty and peeling at the edges. Salt-wind has eaten away the metal latch that holds the window. Musty smells pervade every recess of the room.
On the wall above the bed a previous tenant has written PURGATORY IS A STATE OF MIND in huge lipstick letters and Lole knows that's part of the reason why he took the place. He's not religious but he is atoning here. Not for what he's done but for what he can't do, trapped in Mr Sutchi's pet surgery. All the things he could discover are lying out there somewhere, limp and unbothered at the bottom of test-tubes and huddled in the fine print of DNA. There's so much knowledge that he's sacrificing every day, every hour, every minute...
"How much do I need?" Lole asks the clone. "I don't understand."
"Of me. What do you want from me?"
"What would you be willing to give?" Lole asks, trying to be professional. Aware all the time of Bink's proximity; his cheerful, curious proximity and slight, small body that reminds Lole of lovers from his youth. He flexes his arms, fake arms, and feels the nerve-bionics whisper the motion from his brain to his shoulder to his arms to his fingertips and then back again.
The clone puts his briefcase on the desk and opens it. "You're going to need some sort of genetic foundation, right? So what are you after; a blood sample; a cotton bud whisked around the inside of my cheek?"
Lole looks at the case's ghoulish contents, all those shiny silver torturing implements nestled in purple velvet; almost medieval. "I prefer working with a big sample. I should be able to grow decent tissue from a sample of your stomach or thigh—"
"No time to grow. I have tissue." Bink reaches into the case and picks up a scalpel and begins to calmly and neatly remove his left arm just below the shoulder blade.
"Yes, it's painful," he says, as Lole stares, aghast. "But we're built to—well, not enjoy it, but take pride in it. Pain means a clone is doing its job well. Of course I admit I was built with some reduced sensory capability. I expect doing this is sort of like how you feel when you stub a toe. You couldn't really compare it to actually having your arm cut—oh."
Lole looks away.
"Was it an accident?" Bink asks.
"No," says Lole, watching the muscles in his limbs twist and bounce from the stress; from the memories. "I'm pretty sure they did it on purpose. I suppose calling yourself the civilized world can only go so far."
"In fairness, Tinman, your 'research' did kill a lot of children. Well, allegedly. I expect that's why Sutchi took you in. He hates kids with a passion."
And then the arm is off, limp and pale and twitching like a cut worm. There's no blood, or very little blood; it's like the ends of Bink's skin have gelled over instantly. Casually Bink hands his severed arm to Lole and Lole takes it and looks at it and realizes that this is the most terrible thing that has ever happened to him, worse than the mobs and the torture and worse even than working for Sutchi. A man giving him an arm like it means nothing. Like an arm is replaceable. Like flesh is worth little more than meat.
The nerve-bionics whisper and shiver into his brain like tiny silver tongues.
"Oh god," Lole says, missing his body. "Oh my god."
"You can build with me," says the clone. He takes the arm back and stuffs it into Lole's fridge on a tray alongside some film- wrapped sandwiches and an old banana. "I'm like putty," he says, tucking the fingers in. "My skin knows my skin. It grows into itself and rejoins itself. It's fantastic. I'm fantastic. Stop thinking about your rubbish life, Tinman and start thinking about how cool our monster is going to be. Because that is your ticket out of here; our ticket."
He stands up and pats Lole's shoulder with his remaining hand. "I'll see you soon," he says. And he leaves Lole rocking on the bed, chewed up and high on his own misery. The door creaks as he exits and Lole creaks too, in sympathy, very much like that bloody Tinman from that bloody Wizard of Oz movie. There's a voice in Lole's head saying: If you only had a heart, you wouldn't be in this position in the first place.
Feeling sick to his stomach, Lole stands up and opens the window and looks out over Mr Sutchi's city, lets the wail of the sea wind drown away the sound of his own self-doubt. The fighting arenas have no roofs, so he can see the monsters battling below. Grotars and hoviches and jagfish throwing themselves against the walls of their cages, teeth bared, the smell of blood in their nostrils. Two gerners are locked together in one cage, each biting the hind limbs of the other, snarling and growling through their grotesquely oversized snouts while around them the spectators cheer. They've left a trail of blood and shiny green scales all the way round the ring. As Lole watches the smaller of the two snaps its jaws quickly and takes off its rival's tail. The larger gerner lets go, squealing and spasming, until the smaller one claws out its throat. Blood spurts. Skin tears. Teeth grind. The monster handlers rush in before it can finish feeding. Not because they want to save the other gerner, but because the gerners have been created without digestive systems. It's an efficiency issue; no guts means less chance of a critical wound. Gerners are fed—if at all— intravenously until they die. On average they have a six day lifespan from the moment they leave the lab.
Mr Sutchi calls them quick thrills. Lole closes the window and goes back to bed. He smokes until the sun rises over the Atlantic.

§

For the next fortnight, Lole works the arenas.
It's not his choice but Mr Sutchi's. Lole hates the arenas more than the lab. There is the blood and gore, of course, but worse than the visuals are the sounds. The cheers of the crowds. The wounded, bestial screams of the monsters. The sound of bones breaking, of flesh tearing, of lab-grown creature-things flailing against the concrete floors. Lole has never been a sympathetic man, has never truly cared about his patients or his test subjects, but Mr Sutchi's almost pathological indifference to the monsters' suffering is starting to weigh on his conscience.
During the fights Lole sits in an alcove near the monster handlers. It is dark and there's room enough to work and he finds that once he gets focused it's possible to drown out the shrieks and screams of the dying. He sits there in the shadows with a plastic sheet over his lap and a hermegene translator in one hand, the clone's severed arm dangling between his knees.
Around him, the crowds go wild. Early on Lole discovers that manipulating the arm is not work worthy of an acclaimed geneticist. Genetic research is about strategic breeding and study and traits but this thing is like fucking playdough—it's insane, it's like nothing Lole's ever encountered before. It doesn't rot. It automatically heals. It still lives—the blood circulates, the skin responds to pain—despite having been cut off days ago. He can split bones and have them reform smaller bones; he can reattach veins in new, complex patterns; he can actually change the DNA with the heremgene, swapping and bouncing As and Ts and Cs and Gs as the arm remolds itself. It is something magical, the clone's body, and Lole wonders if Bink is a new peak of modern medicine or a freak, a once-off, a random but beneficial lab-mutation.
When the body is finished, is molded, Lole stays back at the lab to grow some specialized features. He builds teeth, scales and claws from Bink's fingernails and uses the skin of his fingertips to build light-sensitive patches, which then become eyes. Normally it takes months and sometimes even years to do these things, even with Mr Sutchi's state-of-the-art equipment. With Bink's flesh it takes days. The process reminds Lole of old myths about gods creating men out of dirt and clay.
Lole wonders if it is unhealthy to feel reverent about another man's body in this way. Not a lover's adoration or a scientist's admiration but something weird and crazy that lies between the two.
Mr Sutchi turns up at the lab one day and catches Lole putting the finishing touches to his masterpiece.
He comes in quietly and it must be minutes before Lole realizes the man is there, standing in the shadows of the room. It is not unusual for Mr Sutchi to visit the laboratories or the clubs personally; he likes to keep his eye on everything. He is tall and dresses smartly and anachronistically. Lole finds him handsome but not attractive; there is something cold and asexual—or should that be anti-sexual—about Mr Sutchi. He is not old and not young and Lole finds it difficult to look at him directly.
"Sir," says Lole and stares at his hands, at the monster- creature twitching between them. "I didn't hear you come in. I didn't expect you."
"What are you working on? I wasn't aware the lab was synthesizing any new beasts this month."
Lole swallows. "It's a personal project," he admits. "A friend and I wanted to make our own monster for the fights."
"Using my equipment."
"Using your equipment," Lole echoes.
There is a silence while Mr Sutchi stares and Lole cringes. Then Mr Sutchi says, moving closer, "Is it any good?"
"I think so."
Mr Sutchi takes a glass mixer from a nearby beaker and uses it to prod the monster's feet one by one. Hissing, the monster raises them, revealing that on each sole is a mouth, and each mouth is filled with a wheel of sucker-teeth like a leech. It is a vile and terrible little bastard and watching it Lole feels a lift of pride. It's been a long time since he's felt good about his work, any work.
"You were always very dedicated, San Paulo," says Mr Sutchi. "You know that the papers said your work did more damage than Thalidomide, than Agent Orange. Your injections. Your radiation tests. Your gene tampering. The thousands of children that were born grotesquely and fatally deformed as a result..."
Lole looks down at his arms, his legs. "I was punished," he says, creaking. "A punishment to fit the crime."
"But you kept working," says Mr Sutchi. "That I found admirable. In fact the reason I hired you was because when it came to your research, you were never worried by consequences or morality. You did what it took. A man with his eye on the bigger picture; I appreciate that. I appreciate you. Most of all, I appreciate initiative."
"Thank you, sir."
"I'm going to arrange a fight for you in four days," says Mr Sutchi. "Against one of the more powerful drakrans, I think. If your monster wins, I'll let you do some of your own work here in the lab. Continue the research you were doing on the mainland."
"And if I lose?"
"Then nothing," says Mr Sutchi, turning to go. "I think that's punishment enough for a quick-minded young man like you."

§

Bink shows up at Lole's apartment later that night. It's the first time Lole's seen him since their meeting. Lole has just arrived home; he's barely had time to put the monster's cage on the desk when there comes a rapping on his window. The clone's round, white face peers in at him like some kind of goblin. Lole opens the latch and Bink slides in over the sill, his thin body describing a loose parabola. Excited, the monster starts to chirp and purr, its tongue lashing from side to side the way a dog would wag its tail. It keens to Bink's hand as he raises it above the cage. His new hand, Lole notices. Like a salamander, the clone has already completely re- grown his missing limb, although the fingers have a noticeable stubbiness about them as if they haven't yet come into their full length.
"So this is our bastard lovechild," says Bink.
Our lovechild, Lole thinks, frowning. Technically, that's exactly what it is. Together they've birthed this thing, this abomination built from Bink's flesh and Lole's sweat. Lole watches Bink's elbows and the taut line of his thighs and remembers his old body. Around the clone Lole finds it hard to tell the difference between arousal and jealousy.
"It's ferocious looking; those teeth and scales. I expect it'll swallow the other monsters whole. And are those extra mouths on its feet?" Bink gurgles with boyish delight. It's cute he's so easily amused. Or maybe he's just high on di-hydra. "I wonder if it's not too good. No one would place a bet on its competition."
"Mr Sutchi has decided it will fight in four days. If it wins, I get a free rein in the lab."
"It will win, Tinman," says Bink. He looks sideways at Lole. "Is that what you really wanted, then? Your dream? Working in another of Sutchi's labs?"
"Free rein," says Lole. "That's my dream."
"Ah, because it's your work that matters. Not the conditions." Bink taps the side of his nose. "In the service of the human race, eh."
"I suppose, if you want to look at it that way. There are things out there—in here, in us—that I want to discover. To experiment with. And while I may not be very fond of Mr Sutchi or his city, I know that this is the only place I'll ever be able to work the way I want to work. Without boundaries or rules or laws to hold me back." In his excitement he bursts out: "You and I can do great things here, Bink!"
"But I won't be here," the clone protests. "I told you that when we met. As soon as I get the money I'm going to ride off into the sunset. Fly as far away as Mr Sutchi as I possibly can."
"Well, yes, but there are other flying cities in international airspace. We can find somewhere agreeable to—"
"Oh, San Paulo, you don't understand," says Bink, placing a hand on Lole's false arm. "I'm going to buy world citizenship. I'm going to go to the mainland."
"What?"
"I told you that I'm sick of this life. I'm sick of selling my own bloody organs to make ends meet. I'm going straight, world- citizen-straight." Bink smiles. "After all these years at sea, flailing in pirate lands, I rather fancy the idea of a dull office job. I've got a friend in Algeria who thinks he can get me into banking and there's a flat I can rent..."
He keeps talking, a rush of mainlander dreams, all of them pathetically parochial. A family. A mortgage. A nice comfortable job. A flower garden. And through it Lole thinks, You are a man who can re-grow a liver in a fortnight. You can harvest kidneys in bunches. You are fucking superman, Bink Ottoman, you are superman and you would give that up, you would give me up, for your tiny, normal dreams.
Rage twists and twitches through the nerve-bionics in his limbs and he has to clasp his hands together to stop their shaking.
"How much did you say you were betting on our monster?" he asks.
"I'm owed a hundred thousand from an associate in the Seychelles and I need at least half that again to buy my citizenship. So I guess... most of it." The clone laughs and shrugs in a way that is prettily charming. "I can't wait to see the look on old Sutchi's face when I come to collect."
Lole thinks, I am a man with his eye on the bigger picture. "You'll have to go now," he tells the clone. "I need to work. I need to get things done."

§

It is the day of the fight.
"You'll sit with me," says Mr Sutchi and gestures to the plush couch beside him. There is a glass of some fine imported liquor in his hand that smells like aniseed; he is wearing a buttoned vest and a sunhat. Lole's boss appears more jovial than is usual—he is practically friendly. "Come. You, after all, are providing me with tonight's entertainment."
"Thank you, sir." Lole sits beside his boss and looks at his reflection in the polished glass of Mr Sutchi's private arena box. It is a long, terrible reflection. When he was whole, he was a short man, but the limbs that Mr Sutchi has given him are gangly and ridiculous. Their fake- flesh shines like rubber and is several shades darker than the true color of his skin. The metal joints are ugly and huge like a puppet; his jacket bulges repulsively at the elbow and wrist. In the papers on the mainland they called him a monster and now he has truly become one; a monster who begets monsters.
He looks past his floating image and down toward the arena. They are clearing out the center cage in preparation for Lole's monster's fight. The drakran is already inside, chained to the bars, its crocodile mouth snapping and spitting, its stalk eyes wobbling hideously. The cleaners move around it fearfully, wary of its sharp teeth, its sharper claws. They use long-handled brooms to sweep pieces of shredded monster from beneath its feet.
Around the cage, the crowds scream their enthusiasm. They tussle in the stands, shoving, pushing. Most, Lole suspects, are either high on di-hydra or drunk on the cheap white moonshine that they sell in the arena bars. Some shout out the names of their favorite monsters, some simply shout; wordless bestial cries of pleasure or anger. Lole knows the clone is down there somewhere, amongst the filth and flotsam of Mr Sutchi's city. A hundred thousand credit ticket clutched in his beautiful pale hands, a dream of mainland anonymity in his eyes.
"Do you ever feel bad about what you do, sir?" Lole asks.
"Pardon?" says Mr Sutchi, pouring Lole a glass of liquor. "I'm not sure I understand. What did I do?"
"Nothing. Nothing. I'm sorry. I'm nervous. I've never been in a private box before. I never expected to ever be alone in one with my own boss. It feels like I should have done more to deserve it, don't you think?"
They are bringing out Lole's monster. Two young handlers drag it across the arena and force it into the cage. The monster squeals as its eyes light on the harnessed drakran; it looks back at its handlers uncertainly, its head tilted to one side. Its mouth is open—it is panting. Its teeth gleam. Behind it the drakran growls, its body pressed low to the ground in readiness to pounce. In the moment of its distraction, another handler unlocks the monster's chain.
"I will do great work for you," says Lole, sipping his liquor.
"Perhaps, San Paulo, but your battle hasn't even begun. Frankly I don't rate your little creature's chances that highly. That drakran has taken on some tough competition in the past few months. A crowd favorite, that one."
"That's irrelevant."
The drakran and Lole's monster stalk each other around the cage. Occasionally one lashes out—a bite from the drakran, a swipe of claws from Lole's monster. They are testing each other. The crowds, sensing this will be a well matched fight, rise in their seats and crane closer. Lole imagines for a second that he glimpses Bink's white face amongst their number. An arm raised to cheer on its old compatriot.
"Irrelevant? Hardly," says Mr Sutchi. "If I've learnt one thing over the years, it's that form is everything. Your beastie is running at three to one odds."
"I mean that the fight itself is irrelevant, sir," says Lole. "I'm good at what I do. If you keep me on as little more than a monster vet, then you're wasting both my time and yours."
"You have to earn privilege."
"I earned my privilege through my studies, my experiments. This isn't about privilege. You're punishing me because you feel you should, because despite your sex-clubs and your monster- fights, you're still in thrall to the morals of the mainlanders. Or perhaps you're punishing me because you get a kick out of it. You want to take your pet genius down a peg or two."
Mr Sutchi is watching the fight; the drakran and Lole's monster have clinched at the center of the cage. The suckered mouth-feet of Lole's monster have drawn the first real blood, peeling the scales from the drakran's underbelly and shoulder as cleanly as a surgeon's scalpel. The drakran's stalk eyes have retracted into its skull, a protective measure, and its claws scrabble at Lole's monster's jaw.
"But you don't understand that it hurts you more than it hurts me. There is money to be made right in here," Lole says, tapping the side of his head. "There are cures. There are augmentations. There are even more fucking monsters, if that's your pleasure. You're the one who's losing out on all that potential genetic merchandise. Me? I'm just bored, sir. I'm just bored and uninspired."
"Are you calling me an idiot?" Mr Sutchi doesn't sound angry, just faintly amused. "Really, I'm surprised at you. You've put so much effort into that monster and you won't even watch it perform, even though your work life hangs in the balance. Don't you care about your future, San Paulo?"
But Lole knows already that the monster is not his future. Distantly, he is aware that the drakran and his monster are still fighting, but the noise outside has faded away into the background of his senses. The only sound he hears is the purring of his nerve- bionics and the beating of his heart. The future of Dr Lole San Paulo won't be decided on the stained floor of some pirate cage fight—no, the future is here, right now, between him and prim, cold Mr Sutchi. A man who understands that ends are always justified. A man who knows what it takes.
"Bink Ottoman is down there in the crowd," says Lole. "He's got a hundred thousand riding on my monster, but that's beside the point. You need to call your men and get them into the arena. You need to capture him, contain him, bring him down to the labs."
Mr Sutchi laughs. "I do, do I? Who is Bink Ottoman to you? Don't tell me—an old lover? I suppose that explains the impassioned speech—"
"Bink Ottoman is a pre bio-legislation clone. He's the fucking holy grail of genetics." Lole looks out the window. "I want to cut him up."
Mr Sutchi makes the call.

§

They don't catch the clone. He manages to elude Mr Sutchi's men; as they chase him along the city's metal walkways, the famous cat- burglar scales up the sheer white wall of a hi-house and vanishes. When Lole comes home to his apartment he discovers that verything he owns has been thrown out the window and into the sea below—clothes, books, even his desk. A quick pit stop, Lole supposes, before the clone hitches a ride to the next flying city. A tiny, petty act of revenge.
Lole knows they won't find the clone. Bink has spent a lifetime hiding from men more powerful than Mr Sutchi. He'll vanish quickly and quietly into the cities of the Atlantic and never be seen again. Lole isn't overly troubled by the loss. The situation isn't exactly ideal but Lole still has the monster and Mr Sutchi has promised him a laboratory of his own.
That night Dr Lole San Paulo smokes on the balcony, his nerve-bionics trembling as the wind whistles across his false skin. The Seychelles twinkle across the horizon like fallen stars and a fine mist shrouds a half-moon. With an expensive cigar in one hand and a freshly signed contract in the pocket of his jacket, Mr Sutchi's world seems a prettier, shinier place, filled with potential and promise. Lole has high hopes for his big picture, his bold new future.
He will do great things.



How You Make the Straight


The cop was bluffing—you didn't have to be a psyche to work that out. With three spades already on the table, she was trying to fake a flush, but her eyes betrayed her: too manic, too desperate. Mink sensed the cards she clutched were a nine of hearts and an ace, probably a spade. That'd get her a pair of nines—an okay hand, sure, but not when Mink's employer could make the straight.
Mink smiled and slid a hand under the table, pressing her knuckles twice against Sampson's upper thigh. It was a prearranged signal, something she'd worked out with the conman months ago; it meant: Break her.
"I'm feeling lucky," said Sampson. "Maybe I'll call you."
Mink felt the cop's fear like a heat-wave, a sudden shriek of please-please-please-no that erupted from her implant and buried itself, smoldering, into the pith of her brain. She caught the edge of the table to stop herself from swaying. On an adjacent chair, Zemaneka, a small-time pirate Mink knew vaguely from the hangar, reached out to steady her, his warm brown hands a small comfort against the wail of the cop's psychic screams.
"No. I'm feeling really lucky," Sampson decided, pursing his lips. "Maybe I'll raise you again."
"I can match you." The cop was sweating.
"That's a worry in and of itself. How does a policewoman like yourself come by so much money? And why, more importantly, did you bring your fortune to a hangar in international airspace? Sky-pirates aren't known to be the most trustworthy of people. Many a land-rat like yourself has come to a bad end up here, and I don't just mean on the poker tables."
"I know how to handle myself."
"But not your money, it seems." Sampson pushed a tower of credits into the pile. "That's fifteen hundred. Count them if you like."
The cop's cheeks flushed, and in that moment Mink hated Sampson—vain, cruel Rodrigue Sampson, who always won but seemed to revel in making things worse for the loser. She'd met Sampson six months ago in the hangar's So-Watt ghetto. He'd been trying to sell her cheap scalpel work at a fake plastic surgeon until he noticed her implant, the gleaming silver runnel in her left arm that marked her as a psyche. Work for me? he'd asked, and dumbly she'd agreed. He was older—forty, forty-one—and attractive in a strangely debonair way, his face square-jawed like the men on the covers of old romance books. Horrible but charming.
By the time she'd worked out he was bad news it was too late. She'd lost her old alliances on the hangar and until she made new ones, she was stuck with Sampson. Except no one wanted to take on someone Sampson had adopted—Sampson's reputation for con- games made her untrustworthy by association.
Not that anyone ever really trusted a psyche. She looked away from the table, hiding her anger in a little simpering giggle she'd picked up from the club-boys in the Palais district. Aside from a handful of automatons, the rest of the hi- house casino was empty. The place had been crowded earlier in the night, with barely elbowing room between tables, but now only four die-hard players remained. The cop had arrived late and lost hard, hopelessly, betting too quickly on short odds, and cursing too loudly when the cards didn't come. An easy mark for an old con like Sampson. If it had just been Sampson and the cop, and maybe Zemaneka—who could be persuaded to do just about anything, if the price was right—the cop would have been bankrupt within the hour.
But they had a complication: the fourth player, an unknown who called herself Boo. A slender Atalantik pirate, the woman's pokerface was so inscrutable Mink wondered if she even bothered to look at her cards before she placed her bets. She'd caught Boo staring at her a few times from under the peaked rim of her cap, and each time Mink had been the first to look away—those deep-set, dark eyes were too intense to bear. Did Boo know who Mink was, what she was? Some people could sense the psyche in her, the same way she could sense their emotions: a two-way telepathy Mink was powerless to stop.
"I need a drink," said the cop.
"I bet you do," said Sampson. "Raise me or show me, sister."
The cop's eyes got wide and round and Mink realized she didn't want to see this, couldn't bear to watch this poor dumb land- rat lose her cash like so many other poor dumb land-rats before her. Sampson, that twisted bastard of a man, could enjoy this victory on his own. She rose from her chair and pressed her fingertips together in a small bow of apology.
"Too much excitement for me, sir," she whispered into Sampson's ear. "Need to get a breath of fresh air. I'll be on the balcony."
Sampson shrugged, his eyes never leaving the cop's. He didn't need her any more; the game was already won. His mouth was twisted up like he was trying not to smirk, and failing—an expression Mink privately called the pure-bastard. She'd seen it on the face of more than one small-time crook who'd bested (or was about to best) someone richer, or stronger, or better connected, or more powerful than they were...
Her implant surged with the smugness bubbling out of Sampson's body, and Mink hated him again, hated him passionately and completely. Rodrigue Sampson, the man who'd ruined her reputation and her life. If it wasn't for his interference, she expected she'd be working on a trade airship somewhere in Atalantik, or tending bar at one of the high-class Ottoman digs in Palais. Or working as a psyche for real: identifying mutineers in pirate crews, spotting dodgy traders before they could open their mouths. Maybe even have herself a real mentor, a teacher, instead of playing consort to a dissolute conman she couldn't stand.
As she turned to go, her eye caught Boo's. The woman's face was more mask-like than ever, but under it Mink felt just the faintest hint of... of pity, that was it.
Pity, from a pirate.
Unable to bear it—the indignity, the shame, and Sampson— Mink left.

§

Outside the moon lay low on the horizon, round and pale as the hangar's thousand interlocked hi-houses. Mink leant against the balcony's railing and looked down at the ocean some fifty or so feet below. A handful of small shuttle-craft twisted and tricked above the water; a lone multi-passenger airship thrummed away from the hangar, its shadow on the waves as big and dark as a whale. Far away, miles away perhaps, she could make out the lights of a mainland coast—maybe New Zealand, maybe Australia—twinkling above the shoreline.
"Hallo. Nice night, you think?" Mink turned. It was Boo. Mink shivered. The woman was just as unreadable now as she'd been at the table; as if she were constantly wearing some kind of mental poker-face.
"I don't know. All nights are pretty much the same to me."
"Don't speak too soon. This one might not be." Boo joined her against the railing, the peak of her cap tilted toward the sky. She was long and skinny in jeans and a baggy jacket, and with her close-cropped hair she looked more like a teenage boy than a grown woman. "How'd you like to escape all this?"
"Es-escape?"
"I've the means if you have the will."
Mink stared at her. Her implant told her that the woman was legit—well, at least she wasn't lying. But she'd learnt the hard way that there were ways to hide the truth without telling a lie. The implant had read Sampson as legit when he'd said he could change her life; pity it hadn't told her he'd change it for the worse.
"I don't need to be rescued," she said.
"But you'd like to be," said Boo. "Well, not rescued. That's the wrong word. What you'd like is an opportunity to move on. A free do-over. It can't be a good life, reading minds for a bottom feeder like Rodrigue Sampson."
"Look, I don't—hey!' Boo had grabbed her wrist and was yanking up Mink's sleeve, ripping the sheer material in her haste. Mink writhed, pulled—but slight as she was, the Atalantik pirate was taller, stronger, her dark fingers a vice.
"Hah!' cried Boo. The runnel of the implant was visible even in the dim light, a tell-tale shadow along the inside of Mink's forearm.
"Please. Please. I didn't—"
But the pirate wasn't listening. "Nice hardware," she murmured. "What is it exactly? Pre-spec tech, I reckon. No neuron blockers. No brain barriers. Just a hundred thousand foreign emotions running their unnatural course from A-to-B." Boo ran her thumb across the implant, softly, very softly, like she was stroking a scared cat. "You know this psyche stuff drives you mad, right? Implants like these eat into the brain tissue. Might as well gargle prions, they say..."
"I'm not mad!'
"Yet. How many years do you have left before the brainworms set in? Four? Five?"
"I don't know. I don't care."
"If you say so." She let Mink's arm go, finally, and Mink—sobbing, twitching—cradled it against her chest. The memory of the pirate's touch still burned her skin, a violation. Why didn't the implant pick anything up? she wondered miserably. Surely you couldn't hide your intents that well from a psyche... Surely you couldn't. But of course, Mink realized, you could bring along some tech of your own to counter the implant, jumble the signal, make it seem like you were simply flat instead of cruel...
"Who are you?" she whispered.
"I'm what you might call a talent scout," said Boo, and for an instant Mink saw a flash of silver at her temples, tucked into the brim of the cap. "Now, Mink, I can bring you back into that room if you like. I can show your cop friend exactly why she's been losing so much money on the tables. I can tell your mate Rodrigue that you confessed everything to me, because you want out. And I can tell him that you plan to take that out with Zemaneka. In fact, I can make a pretty big mess of your life."
Mink cowered. "What do you want from me?"
"I want to rescue you," said Boo. "So walk with me. Trust me, Mink, it's the best offer you'll get all night."

§

They walked the hangar in silence, through the dark ghettos of Ishi and Laughingman, and on along the creaking metal walkways that led to the bright lights of Palais. Palais! The rich end of the city, the territory of the most powerful pirate crews—the Patholos, the Bradleys, the Ottomans, the Padmes. While the poorer areas had closed up for the night hours ago, rolling down metal shutters and locking bars into place, the party was still in full swing in Palais. Well-dressed, beautiful people stood on the railings smoking and talking, sipping glasses of fine champagne; neo-pop anthems thrummed from inside hi-house clubs.
It was all fascinating, of course, their clothes and their perfumes and their painted faces, but Mink felt immediately like an outsider—plain and even dowdy in the simple black dress Sampson had chosen for her. She half-hid behind Boo as the pirate navigated the walkways, bumping through the crowds as if the beautiful people weren't that special at all.
Boo stopped outside a beautiful, two-storey hi-house, its windows round and clean, its carapace painted the soft, creamy white of a pearl. With its diamond shaped portholes and silvery sheen, it made Mink think of old fashioned Christmas tree decorations. The pirate laid her hand against a hatch, half-hidden by the smooth curve of the hi-house's walls.
"Where are you taking me?" Mink whispered.
Boo frowned. "In here."
The hatch opened into a huge, open-plan penthouse: thick white carpet and green walls, with the furniture gilt-edged and curvy-legged. A spa bath bubbled in the middle of the room like a centerpiece. Two people stood nearby: a muscular Pasifika with his arms folded—a body guard, Mink thought—and a plump black boy wearing a pair of huge mirrorshades. Beside him was an open tray of what looked like surgical implements: hooked metal and strange wires and a tiny computer with what might have been a sanding tool attached to its keyboard.
Mink took a step back. "What are you going to do to me?"
"Honey, it's make over time," said the boy, and waved a pair of scissors.
Mink almost giggled in relief. "What? Really?"
"Sure thing, baby." The boy spun out a chair for her, one of those twisty-ones they had in mainland offices. "Take a seat, Mink."
She thought then of Sampson, of his bully-boy ways, of the way he'd made her change herself to suit his image... But she went over and sat down anyway.
"How did you know my na—"
"You've got lovely hair," said the boy appreciatively. "Pity it has to come off."
The big Pasifika and Boo watched television feeds while the black boy cut her hair. Mink felt a twist in her stomach as she watched the carpet disappear beneath a sheath of her long, dark hair. Sampson had always said her hair was her crown, that it was a sort of power, something she could wield to her advantage. Well, mainly to his advantage. But now it was gone—or going—and Mink already missed its familiar weight. The way she could hide behind it when everything was going bad, or whenever she recognized her old self in the mirror, the girl she'd been before Sampson.
"We're going to make you a blonde," said the boy, cutting. "I'll be fixing the colour of your eyes, too—and possibly reworking your lids and nose. We'd like to cut you Caucasian-style. If you get recognized as Sampson's old psyche girl, our game is up."
"But—"
"The self is on the inside, sweetie. It's the heart and the head, not the colour of your skin or the shape of your eyes." He lowered the scissors and reached across her lap for a bottle of liquid gel. "It won't make you a different person anywhere it really matters. You got to think of it like a mask, the face of the character you'll be playing."
"Will it... hurt?"
"I will fill you so full of morphine and di-hydra you won't even remember what pain is," said the boy. "Afterwards, maybe, a little—like a headache, I suppose. But I'm very good at what I do. You'll be fine."
He gave her pills to pop and after that everything was warm and cool and she lay back and let him work her face into a more pleasing arrangement. At some point she must have passed out because the next thing she knew was the sensation of faux-leather against her bare arms, and the faint smell of perfumes.
She could hear Boo talking to someone nearby: "You don't know her? Look, she's a tech-head from one of the hangars up North. One of Jean's old women. They were tight years ago, then she fell out of favour, buggered off, and now—well, I guess she must've missed you all."
"I don't know her."
"Guess she probably don't know you either, then. So why don't you go be a stranger somewhere else?"
Then a grunt, and the light changing, and Boo's face: a blurred black oval above her. Mink felt her new contact lenses slowly adjust to fit her eyes. She was in a new place: the closed booth of a card-lounge—one of the posh uptown casinos with kaleidoscopic paintings and dim, yellow lighting. Through a crack in the booth's door she saw a crush of bodies circling the gaming tables. Less beautiful people, here: the locals seemed to be a mix of heavily tattooed pirates and mainlander suits.
"Where am I?" she whispered, raising her hands reflexively to her face. The shape of it, its bumps and furrows, was unfamiliar terrain. She shuddered. "Wh-who am I?"
"Who are you now? You're Jenny Gosling, a member of Jean Ottoman's crew," said Boo. "Also, you're in the O Casino. Very trendy, isn't it?"
"Wait, what? The Ottomans?" Mink sat up. "But why? They're so—they're so important. Why would they want me?"
"Jean Ottoman hired me and my boys because he needs information. Specifically he needs a psyche, and a psyche without a rep. Someone who no one will see coming. Someone who can lie like a conman—and spot a fellow liar at twenty paces. Which is you, in case you missed my point." Boo yawned and stretched, all wiry black muscle. "You're going to help Jean find a rat."
"But I—" "Best you start putting your little psyche-brain to good use while you still have it," said Boo, tapping the bare skin of her wrist, an imaginary watch. "We're running to a tight schedule: this is a one-night-only deal. And the night's nearly over. We've got two hours, tops."

§

O Casino was huge—a real palace of a place, decorated with glitzy American furniture and lights. Flashing slot machines lined the walls, old-fashioned metal ones with pull-levers and rolling cylinders of unmatchable apples and stars. Pretty men in togas walked about carrying platters of grapes and fine wines. Women with crimped hair—crimped hair was the style on the mainland right now—danced by the bar, their faces cut to perfection. An elderly pianist played jazz tunes on a piano made of glass. Everywhere there were people, the mainlanders sipping green cocktails out of tall glasses, the Ottoman thugs knocking back vodka.
It was like being on a tv-show; it was Hollywood-magic; and Mink couldn't stop grinning as Boo led her on. She'd dreamed of places like this. She'd aspired to places like this. It was the sort of place Sampson would have loved, she thought—if he'd ever been able to get through the doors.
"Put your game face on, sweetheart," murmured Boo, squeezing her elbow. "You're Jenny Gosling now, and you see this sort of shit all the time."
Mink gulped and shifted her new face into what she hoped was an expression of disdain. "Where are we going?" she asked. "Are we meeting someone?"
"I hear that the best time to read anyone is when they're playing cards," said Boo. "People are just so focused on their poker-face that they forget all about the other stuff they're meant to be hiding. The dirty thoughts. The preoccupations. It all comes bubbling out... Ah—there they are." She was looking up at a gaming area on a raised platform, a semi-circle cordoned off with white silk ropes. On the platform was a single glass card table, with an automatic dealer set in the middle like a centerpiece; above it swung four fluorescent star-lights. Two armed Pasifika guards stood on either side of the platform's steps; beside them stood a pair of handsome male attendants in white togas.
There were three men at the table now: a skinny pretty-boy who couldn't have been more than twenty, a flat-faced Caucasian and a big man in a sleeveless suit jacket. Mink could see they had all been branded with traditional Ottoman tattoos, a swirl of pirate-Creole symbols that covered their skin from their toes to collarbones. Her implant twitched as she scanned them. The big man was focused. The Caucasian was horny. The pretty-boy was depressed.
"Around the table: that's Toshi, Hudson and Plakar," whispered Boo, linking her arm through Mink's. "They're Jean's rat-shortlist. They think he's coming to meet them here later. And he will. After we've done our job."
"I just have to find the liar, right? You'll ask the questions, won't you..."
But Boo ignored her. "Just the two of us, Lito," she told one of the Pasifika guards, who unfastened the silk rope to let them through.
They were half-way up the steps when the pretty-boy noticed them. He stood up and glared, his round chin raised in the haughty way Mink always associated with rich mainlander traders—people who felt they were too good for the flying city. "No!' he yelped. "Get out. Ottoman only up here. Ottoman only in the entire casino, too, I might add."
"I'm a guest of the house, Toshi," Boo said, sliding into a chair on the opposite side of the table. "Here on business."
Toshi looked suspicious. "Jean invited you? What about her?"
"She wishes she was a guest of the house," said Boo, smirking, and cinched her arm around Mink's slight waist. "She's an Ottoman, old-school style. But for now, Jenny is my consort."
She pulled Mink closer—a rough, possessive move, a move that reminded Mink immediately of Sampson. Sampson had always treated her dismissively in public, pushing her around, giving her orders, because (so he told Mink) if he treated her as if she was unimportant, disposable, overlookable, then other people would think of her that way too. Overlook her, overlook her implant: it was what Sampson called misdirection.
"Hi," said Mink shyly, and felt her new face flushing.
"We're in the middle of a game," said the Caucasian—the only man at the table Mink recognized. She'd seen him before on the hangar's docks, arguing trade with mainlanders. "You can't just barge in here—"
"Suck my dick, Hudson," said Boo, and clicked her fingers in front of the automatic dealer. "Deal me in for my usual. Take the chips off my tab."
The dealer coughed out a roll of silver hundred-credit chips, then spat five cards across the slick glass surface. Boo grinned and tilted them up slightly to check them.
"Oh, let her," said the big man—Plakar. "Who cares."
"I do," snapped Toshi. "How do we know your chick is an Ottoman? She doesn't have the tattoos."
"She's older than the tattoos. The girl signed out of Ottoman ranks long before Jean came up with the bright idea of scribbling Creole crap all over his best mates." Boo didn't look up from her cards. "Anyway, would you want to scribble on skin like hers? Like milk, isn't it?"
"Excuse me a moment," Mink burst out. "I've got to—"
"Yeah, whatever, babe," said Boo, biting her nails. Acting nervous, Mink knew; her implant told her that under the fidgeting and twitching, Boo was just bored. Mink wondered who Boo was, Boo and her two-man crew, the body-guard and the boy. Contract spies, she guessed. The big crews often brought in outside help to find traitors in their midst.
"I'll be back in a moment," Mink said, and tottered away down the steps.

§

This is what you've always wanted, Mink reminded herself in the casino's bathroom. Well, one of the things you've always wanted. To be a real psyche. To smell out the liars and cheats. To expose people like Sampson and bring them to justice—if a lawless pirate place like the hangar could ever know real justice.
Her new face was pale and flatly pretty—more Eurasian than Caucasian, really, although her eyes (blue, now) were startling. Soft fair hair haloed her head, wispy and much thinner than it had seemed when black. The face in the bathroom mirror was not her but it was also not... unpleasant. Mink thought: I can get turned back into me once this is over, once Boo lets me go. It's not a big deal, right? Everyone gets cut these days.
She searched the underside of her nose and her cheeks for scars, and found none. She was in the middle of playing with her hair when two women burst in.
"Are you Jenny?" one asked, a thin Pasifika with horn-rimmed glasses.
Mink swallowed. "Who's asking?"
The Pasifika shrugged. "No one. We just heard about you. Jean said you messed up pretty bad. Don't know why you're here."
"Come to apologize?" asked her friend, fluffing her curly brown hair in the mirror. Mink recognized her as one of Sampson's associates, Vovoitz, a high-flying pirate he'd managed to bully into helping him with rent-scams. But she clearly didn't recognize Mink in her new face. Her reflected expression was bratty, pouting. "I heard that Jean doesn't want anything to do with you."
"I heard that Jean needs some real friends," said Mink, sliding into the role. If Sampson had taught her anything, it was how to snap quickly into character—whether he needed her to play a saucy club-girl or a mainland trader. She wasn't sure who Jenny was—or even if there really had been a real Jenny—but she figured any woman who'd worked directly with a member of the Ottoman family had to be tough. Tough and arrogant. Mink looked down her new nose at them. "Maybe I heard that he needed someone he could trust."
Vovoitz giggled nervously, guiltily, and Mink sensed there was something she was hiding. Nothing mutineer bad—just a crush, probably, or a little white lie. "Sure, whatever," she said.
"If that's all, then..." And Mink swept past them, back into the gaming area.
She could do this, she knew now. Fooling Vovoitz had made it more real, somehow. She would do this, and maybe when it was over, when she'd found the rat, Jean Ottoman might ask her to join his crew for real. Well, miracles could happen, couldn't they? And Boo had promised her a do-over...

§

Back at the table, she took a seat by Boo—who was already losing heavily but didn't seem particularly bothered by it. Toshi was losing too; the kid was a poor player, and sweating for it. Way out of his depth, Mink thought, turning her attention to Plakar and Hudson. Both of them had great poker faces. Plakar was smoking a cigar, his lips rubbery and pale pink like a plunger. Hudson nursed a glass of whiskey. Mink scanned him and discovered he was still horny.
Horny and thinking about Boo. And Mink. And various combinations of Boo and Mink. "How's business, Hudson?" Boo asked. "You still cheating landlubbers?"
"You won't get a rise out of me," Husdon replied placidly.
"I hear Jean's having problems with stock. Shit going missing. Important shit." Boo grinned, and folded as she grinned. "You don't know anything about that, do you?"
Hudson didn't reply. Didn't move a muscle. Mink read him: he was annoyed, angry, ready-to-punch-Boo, but not guilty. There was no sense of fear in him, no worry. But what did that mean? She'd never looked for guilt before. And would someone really feel guilty about cheating Jean Ottoman? Jean Ottoman was power- mad and cruel (if his reputation was true), and if you screwed with someone like Jean, wouldn't you feel—well, good about it?
Perhaps she should be searching the men for positive feelings, for self-congratulations, for pride.
She wrapped her arm around the back of Boo's chair and dropped her head against the woman's shoulder, her eyelids falling to half-mast, like all this poker stuff bored her. Her implant, tucked against her side, thrummed with other people's emotions.
Boo said, "Toshi, if Hudson won't talk, I know you will. You heard anything about stock?"
"Geez, Boo, just play the damn game," Toshi hissed. "I like your crew, I got no problem with the Ottomans. Jean is good people. But if there's a mutiny on the, hah, cards... well, I need to know whose side I want to take."
"We know you," said Plakar coldly. "You take the side of the highest bidder every time."
Mink read: Hudson's amusement, Toshi's discomfort, and Plakar—who wasn't angry so much as he was disgusted, like Boo was a fly, an insect, her voice an insistent but meaningless buzzing. Mink was getting a sense of them now, the way they thought. She doubted it was Toshi; if Toshi couldn't even bluff a bad hand convincingly, he sure couldn't have stood up to Jean's questioning. But Hudson's mind was too murky with sex for his intents to be clear, and Plakar... Plakar was simply cold, almost pathologically cold, in a way that reminded her of Sampson.
Toshi said, his pretty face all scrunched up like he was about to cry, "Why are you talking about this? Why is this so important?"
"She's running a con," said Plakar. "Swanning up to our table, one of Jean's old girlfriends on her arm, playing dumb on easy bluffs. She wants something."
"I always want something." Mink felt Hudson's mind drifting, away from the cards, away from the game, and over to the chest of a buxom Ottoman woman with Creole tattoos that snaked between her breasts. She suspected crude, libertine Hudson could easily be a rat—the man didn't know the meaning of loyalty—but probably only if it meant short term gains...
"You got to understand that this isn't a game," Plakar was saying, running a sausage of a thumb along the tops of his cards. "You need to understand your damn place. You act like we can't touch you, Boo. Well let me tell you, we could take you outside and break you any time. You're in Ottoman territory, and we—"
"Oh, don't bet that," Mink burst out, her eyes on Boo's cards. Two kings, two queens and an ace—not that it mattered at all. "Boo, you can't..."
"She already has," said Hudson, and laughed until he coughed.
"What the hell, Jenny?" Boo snapped.
"I can't sit here and see you lose money all night!' Mink continued. Playing the neglected consort, which came to her easier with Boo than it ever had with Sampson. "They're robbing you."
"Woman," Boo said, "Shut up."
"If you don't know how to play poker, then go lose your money on the bloody roulette wheel." Mink raised her hands in mock exasperation. Like women-can-be-so-stubborn-sometimes. And while Boo puffed and the men snickered and smirked, Mink shot a final look around the table at her three suspects.
Boo was right: for an empath, the best time to read anyone was when they were playing cards. But that wasn't because people forgot to hide their other feelings.
It was because when you saw someone playing cards, you saw how they won.
Plakar had said nothing, but Mink recognized his expression. It was pure-bastard. The look of a man like Sampson, a look that said he'd bested (or was about to best) someone richer, or stronger, or better connected, or more powerful than he was... And Mink realized then that she wasn't looking for an admission of guilt, nothing so concrete as that; all she needed was to find the capability for a con. Plakar was just like Sampson, hell, he was Rodrigue Sampson: he didn't care whose lives he ruined, which loyalties he betrayed in the course of his own self-advancement.
It had to be him. It could only be him. Under the table she touched Boo's thigh, lightly, lightly, two fingers curling around and over. Boo looked down through the glass, and Mink pointed at the big man.
Boo sighed. "Lito," she said, signaling to the Pasifika guard. "Give us your gun."
Toshi blinked. "Boo? What's going—"
"House-cleaning," said Boo, shrugged, and then shot Plakar in the face. The big man went down; blood went everywhere. Mink thought she heard herself screaming.
Boo said, rising, hauling Mink up with her, "Sorry, Toshi. But it's always business."

§

Outside the casino Mink vomited into a pot plant while Boo checked her watch. The Palais crowds had begun to clear; and to the east the first yellow rays of dawn laddered the waves. A nearby club was playing bad neo-pop too loud; Mink could see the silhouettes of dancers moving there, twisting and writhing like dervishes.
"Nice work, Miss Gosling," Boo said. "That took half the time I thought it would. You've got a real talent there."
"I just killed a man," Mink said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. The implant in her arm felt as heavy as an anchor. "Or as near to it as makes no difference. I've never..."
"You get used to it. I did, anyway." Boo shrugged and stepped away along the walkway, strewn now with the detritus of the night—empty bottles, shattered glasses, lost scarves and broken heels. There was the pearl- coloured hi-house from last night, looking shabbier now in the half-light of morning. Mink pushed back her wispy yellow hair and followed, her legs still wobbly. She could still remember the disbelief on Plakar's face before Boo pulled the trigger; that image was going to be etched into her memory forever...
"What happens next?" she asked, as Boo fiddled with the hi- house's hatch. "Do we go to see Jean Ottoman? Or do we have another—"
"No."
"No? We aren't going to see Jean?" Boo turned. "I don't think you get it," she said. "We're done here."
"What?"
"I mean you're out. You've done your thing. You've solved my problem, and I've solved yours. Now, get gone."
"Solved my... wait, what?" Boo stepped into the hi-house and shut the hatch. Just like that. Mink stared it blankly.
No, she thought. No. No! This can't end like—You promised!
"Hey, lady." The voice came from behind her. She turned around, hoping it was one of Boo's friends, come to say that Boo was joking, and that Jean Ottoman really did want to see her—but instead it was Zemaneka, sly, dark Zemaneka. Probably in Palais to try his hand at ripping off a better class of mainlander. It felt like years instead of hours since she'd seen him, and he looked somehow so young now, so small, so insignificant...
Then she remembered Sampson, and her old life, her real life, and the trouble she'd have to go back to. Instinctively she took a step backwards. "Hi, er. Look, I can explain—"
The con grinned—casual, cool. Overly friendly. "Girl, you don't have to explain anything to me," he drawled, opening his palms to her in a shrug. "You don't need a name here, you don't need anything, but if you like, maybe I can show you around a bit, give you a few tips on where the fun happens—"
Mink gaped. "You don't know who I am, do you?" she said.
"'Fraid not, girl. You've got the advantage over me." He didn't see her. Didn't see her for her at least.
But then, Mink remembered that Vovitz hadn't really seen her either. And then there was what the plump boy had said: You got to think of it like a mask, the face of the character you'll be playing. I'm no longer Mink, she thought. I'm no longer the consort of Rodrigue Sampson. I'm someone else now. I've got a new face and a free do- over. A free do-over and my freedom.
Which was all and everything that Boo had promised.
"Thanks," she said to Zemaneka, "but no thanks."
With a new smile in her new face, Mink walked out into the waking city.



Mother & Daughter


A shout.
Boo hears the sound through the open window of her office. She stops what she's doing unloading grenades from a shipping canister and tilts her head. Listens until the shout comes again, this time louder and sharp with fear.
It's funny, Boo thinks, how people always sound more like animals the more frightened they are.
Setting aside the shipping canister, Boo takes a gun from her desk drawer and goes outside. The iron walkways of the flying hangar are slippery and slick from sea-spray, and a light mist makes it hard to see for more than ten metres ahead. Solar lanterns gleam from the eaves of hi-houses, and Boo uses them as a guide navigating by them the way olden-day pirates once navigated by the stars.
The shout again, hoarse, hysterical. And then another voice, a familiar one, saying: I've got you, I've got you, I've got you, over and over like if they say it enough times it'll become the truth.
Boo comes to a crossroads and at this point the mist lifts and she can see what has happened.
What is happening, and continuing to happen as she watches. There is a girl hanging over the side of the walkway. Fifty feet below her swinging feet the ocean of Atalantik rolls and rumbles, licking foam from its lips. Lying on the walkway is another girl, Boo's daughter Alleluia. She's holding the hanging girl by the wrist but Alle is small and skinny and too weak to drag the girl all the way up.
Boo holsters her gun and goes over to the two. Before either can speak, she's hoisted the hanging girl up and over the walkway's railings.
Silence, then.
The rescued girl wobbles on the balls of her feet and sobs and runs. She vanishes into the fog and Boo and Alle stand side by side, mother and daughter, and watch her go.
"You pushed her," says Boo matter-of-factly. Alle shakes her head, like: no, no, it wasn't me, but Boo's not an idiot. She can see the lie in her daughter's hunched shoulders, in the twisting line of her mouth. Alle is twelve years old and looks just like Boo, if a prettier, sweeter version of Boo and Boo suspects (now, more than ever) that her daughter thinks like her too.
"You should have finished the job," says Boo. "Stepped on her fingers. And then left. No one'd know, not with the mist."
Alle says nothing, doesn't move. If Boo didn't know better, she'd say it was shock. Except it's not, because Alle looks like Boo felt, the first time.
Boo smiles. She puts her hand on her daughter's shoulders; gently, she guides her home.

