The Fall
David L Dawson
Copyright 2013 by David L Dawson
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords License Statement  This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue – The Savage Skies

I hear something in a stand of bushes not ten meters away. I stop in my tracks, tense. There is a curious smell, invading my nostrils. My heart starts to beat faster. I clench my hands into fists and mentally berate myself for my carelessness. It’s just been raining. It is wet fur I can smell. 
“Felum,” I breathe in terror. My body refuses to move. There is a knife tucked inside the sock on my left foot. There is another in one of the many pockets in my jacket. I’m not sure where my slingshot is; maybe I left it at the trading station, or could it be in another pocket?
There is a piercing yowl and something leaps out of the bushes at me. It is a tall striking figure wearing old tanned, leather clothing and thick boots. Black, silky fur lines its face and hands and its head is that of a panther somehow fused with that of a human. Its hands, five fingered, are sharp ivory white claws, stained with blood. Those claws are going to rip into me, and those sharp teeth are going to devour me and all I will be able to do is stand there.
The Felum is mere inches from me when I whip my fisted hand out and punch it in the face. It screeches more in surprise than in pain as it flies backwards and lands on a bed of weeds. It moves around, dazed, before its angry, green eyes turn to look up at me in a sort of wounded wonder.
“Hurt,” the Felum whispers.
I bend down and pull the knife out from the sheath strapped to my ankle. It is newly sharpened, the blade glinting wickedly in the bright light of the day. I want the Felum to know it isn’t worth attacking me a second time, that if it did, it would end up losing its life. I’m not sure I could actually kill it, though. It may only be a Felum but it still looks, more or less, vaguely human. 
We continue to stare at each other, the human and the human/panther creature. The Felum appears to be male, judging by the clothes he is wearing. There is a scar running down his left ear and some sort of golden medallion shaped like a circle hanging from a necklace looped around his furry neck. I’m quite fascinated. I have never had the chance to see a Felum so close before.  The Felum would have killed me by now if it were going to.  All he did was crouch there, seemingly equally fascinated with me as I was with him.
The Felum makes a strange yip noise and jumps to its feet. I can hear the noise still, like a sort of loud trilling, that pours from his mouth. The fur on his bare arms seems to be standing on end. Something has frightened him. Is it me?  I don’t think so. I’m hardly much of a threat to him.
“See,” says the Felum. He is looking upwards.
The sky is blue like my mother’s eyes, not a cloud in sight. The sun is high, blazing away, even though it is mid-winter and the tips of my fingers and toes are feeling the chill. There isn’t anything there. There hasn’t been a sighting of the gods in this part of the country for two years, so I know it couldn’t be that.
I’m wrong.
“Hide!” screams the Felum. “Hide!” What do I do?  The Felum still frightens me. When I hear a sonic boom almost knock me onto my back, I look my opponent in the eye. He pounces forward again, and I get ready to attack when his body collides with mine. The force of his body pushes us both from the path of a speeding blur that crashes through the trees.  A swirl of leaves, grass and branches, and even small mammals are pulled along in its wake like a vacuum, left to tumble to the ground when the force tugging it leaves them. I can hear screams of incandescent immortal rage; the sounds of forest animals furious against the destruction of their warm habitats; the deep purr of the Felum as his body presses against mine, holding me in the dirt so I wouldn’t move and reveal our presence. He has saved my life. A Felum has saved my life.
We look into each other’s eyes. His breath smells of something rotting and awful and I can’t help but be disgusted. The Felum grunts and gets off me, starts patting down his leather clothes to get rid of muck and dust. I stand up and do the same.
We conceal ourselves under the bough of a small silver tree as we listen to the fight that rages on above us. I can’t make out much of it, especially not through the branches of the tree. All I can see is two figures in the sky, punching and kicking each other with such violence.  
“Gods...” the Felum breathes in awe.
I look at the humanoid cat and can’t help but grin. The Felum are a savage and bloodthirsty race, but this one looks as meek as a kitten when faced with something so powerful and eternal.
As quickly as they’d arrived, demolishing the forest and creating permanent paths through the trees, the two fighting titans leave the skies above us to continue the battle elsewhere. I’m glad. If they’d seen me then surely I would have been killed.
The god who spun like a tornado, and the god with the blue hair. I’ve seen them and I’m still alive.
“You are scared,” says the Felum.
I ignore him. I don’t want him to know any of my feelings. I don’t want to show any weakness.
“I am scared,” the Felum admits.
I shake as the Felum puts his clawed hand on my arm. He gives me a smile, revealing very human-like teeth. He then removes his hand and makes a sprint for the bushes.  As I watch him disappear into the undergrowth I dare to consider myself quite lucky. To escape sudden death, twice, within a five minute span is more than lucky; it’s a miracle.

PART ONE - THE GLASS PALACE


Chapter 1 – The House of Casper

The sign pasted on the red door declares “House of Casper; knock for admittance.”  I consider knocking, but decide against it. They know I’m due. I shouldn’t have to declare myself. Then again, I have been away for seven months, far longer than I was supposed to. I could be anyone; an untrustworthy trader or a caravan carrying the purple plague.
I sigh, drop my backpack onto the yellow weeds that sprout up out of the ground, and knock loudly on the door. The air is crisp, clear and cold.  I can hear a buzz of activity coming from further inside the House. How I’d missed that noise, though strangely, I wasn’t really looking forward to being immersed again.  I’d been on my own for so long, with nothing but my own thoughts. It might be difficult to readjust to a House life.
There are metal bangs from behind the thick steel door, a loud chaos of noise and voices swearing loudly. I can’t help but smile. He’s such a clumsy sod sometimes; trips over anything and everything.
“I’m coming!” the voice complains. “I’m coming… Who put that bike there?  I could’ve fallen down and broken my leg!”
There is more clanging, and the door is unlocked and slowly opened, accompanied by much wheezing and groaning from both man and door.
“You sure took your sweet time,” moans Uncle Rooster. “Your mother and father have been worried sick about you!  They were almost on the verge of sending out a search party!”
Rooster’s bearded face is peppered with some sort of white powder. I imagine that Mother has been teaching him how to bake again. When I’d left he’d been trying to impress a lady with his culinary prowess, though his skill in that area is somewhat of a disaster.
“I had trouble with a Felum, some Gaggles and the gods,” I admit. I hardly dared to even say the word “god” for fear of retribution from the skies, but thankfully nothing happens.
Rooster laughs. “They haven’t been seen around here in years!”
“I could hardly mistake them for pigeons, now could I?”
“It has been known. Well, after supping some of my home brewed beer, anyway.”
I cross my arms, impatient. “Can I come in then?”
“You’re serious about the gods?”
“I wouldn’t lie about a thing like that.”
Rooster makes an aristocratic sweeping gesture with his hands. I ignore him, give him a hug, and follow him inside. The air smells familiar and comforting and I feel warm already, even though I can still see the mist from my breath. It’s good to be home.
Home is a gargantuan edifice of metal structures, domes, walkways and glass panels. In fact, there is so much glass that the place is called “The Glass Palace.”  Sure, some of the glass has been broken through accidents and sonic booms caused by the gods as they sweep by on their never-ending struggle, but overall about three-quarters of the building are either fully intact or just marred by a few hairline cracks. There is a glassmaker who lives a few miles away in the House of Rowan but he’s very expensive and we can’t really afford his services except when it is a dire emergency. Mayor Rowan and Father don’t get along that well, I recall. I think there was a punch-up of some kind.
In olden times, “The Glass Palace” had been some sort of two-level, super-sized trading station. Relics from that time are still visible. They are scattered around either piled up in the basement or used as furniture. Faded signs hang on the walls, though most of them are unreadable. Attempting to guess the names of the traders could create a popular children’s game. My best friend, Skye, was a professional at that; she had such a silly imagination.
The banner over my own home inside the House is the only one left that is legible; it reads “Marks and Spencer”. It had sold various items of clothing and other odds and ends. Most of the clothing has either been traded or worn out centuries ago, though there was a rumor that a tribe down South collected Marks and Spencer clothes. Ancient stories said that there had been many items of luxurious food left behind as well, but they had all been consumed centuries ago.
The Glass Palace is huge, comprised of many family units (I don’t know the exact number). Mine is the central unit, mainly because my father is the mayor. His three siblings didn’t mind the least; it was less work for them. Not that they had a choice in the decision.  The first-born was always the mayor. In all earnestness, my father was the best man for the job. He is fair minded, compassionate, and fiercely protective of everyone under his roof. He would keep us all safe; his brothers, sisters and their spouses -- no matter the dangers intruded upon us.
Father is waiting for us at the top of the stairs that lead toward my home. It’s wonderful to see him again after all this time.  It delights me to see his pale white skin and immaculate goatee, the wrinkles around his hazel eyes and his white hair tied back into a ponytail. My father is my hero. I want to be just like him when I grow up. Of course, I will be.  I will be mayor when he dies, as I am the only child. But my deeds and my actions are what count. Anyone can inherit a House.
“Welcome home, Ben!” Father announces. His voice is rough, like the roar of a large animal. “Glad to see you’re unhurt.”
He gives me a hug. I expect he’s been worried sick these past few months. It had been the first time I’d been allowed out on a trading mission, sort of like a rites of passage thing I had to do when I turned fourteen. Everyone simply called it the “Journey.”  Even though everyone went on a Journey, it was doubly important I do well in mine. After all, I am the mayor’s son.  I understood his anxiety about not wanting to let me go; my brother had been killed on his first trading mission. He was terrified of losing another child. 
“A few scratches,” Father observes. “Your hair’s a tad scraggly, and you’re looking mighty thin. Are you sure you ate enough?  And look at how you’ve grown!  By my reckoning, you’ve shot up another couple of inches!  Soon you’ll be as tall as me, my boy!”
“I hope so.”
Father is the second tallest person I’d ever met, nearly six and a half feet. His towering height alone could be enough to intimidate troublemakers. True, the shaman in the House of Felix had been taller, but he was also mad, so he didn’t count. 
“I think you need to see your mother next,” states Father with a smile.
“I was going to but I wanted to unpack first.”
“See your mother first, that’s an order.”
I sigh. I could hardly disobey my father, could I?

The shop where our home was based has had its four entrances boarded up bar two; the top floor’s front and back doors. I’m coming in through the back door. Next to the doorway itself is a small potted plant that hadn’t been there when I’d left, some kind of yellow, willowy fern, and a wheelbarrow that Father or one of his siblings must have left there. Mother would probably have a few words with Father about the mud and the clutter later. 
The door, made from a large sheet of thick, worn out, blue plastic, is wide open. I’m not sure that’s wise, even though the penalty for thieving from another family is banishment. Maybe I am a little wearier of the world. 
I go inside, only to be greeted by the sound of toddlers laughing and giggling. The sudden cacophony of sounds is a shock to my ears; I hadn’t realized children were so loud. Or maybe they’d always been that noisy and I was used to the serenity of just my own thoughts. It still feels wonderful to be home, though. 
I sniff as I round a corner in the hall. Mother must be cooking something. Cow? Dog? Or maybe rat?  Whatever it is, it makes me smile in remembrance. Mother can cook anything and make it taste divine. I’ve missed that. All I’d had on my Journey was dried strips of meat and whatever I could scavenge on the way, usually squirrels and wild cabbage. Sure, there’d been the odd House or village able to give me a loaf of bread but somehow they just weren’t the same.
“Ben!” shouts a squeaky voice.
I almost trample on something as I round a corner. Standing in front of me is a little boy, no older than five, with black curly hair and a face peppered with freckles. His fingers are covered in some kind of yellow stuff, and his bright blue eyes are regarding me with childlike innocence. I smile and kneel down on the floor, giving him a hug. He is my young cousin, Milo, the closest thing I have to a sibling, now that both my brother and sister are dead.
“Have you brought me back anything?” Milo asks, clutching at my leg, staring into my eyes. He never blinks. Maybe he thinks I’ll vanish if he did.
“I did find something that you might like,” I say, rummaging around in my backpack. Where did I put it?  Maybe it dropped out during the scuffle with the Felum?
“Found it!” I declare, pulling from my bag the prize. In a way I’m sad to part with it.  It is a curious item, but I figured it will bring more happiness to Milo. 
“What is it?” Milo cries, his body dancing in excitement.
I place the gift in his hands, expecting giddy cries of astonishment. Milo just stares at it, a little out of breath. I don’t know what he is waiting for.
“What does it do?” he asks carefully.
“It doesn’t do anything. It’s a book.”
“I don’t like books,” Milo sulks. “They smell funny and you can’t eat them.”
I open the book to a random page somewhere in the middle; faded, but still legible, pictures are clearly visible, along with word balloons and lots of vibrant primary colors. It looks interesting enough that I wished I’d saved it for myself now.
“It’s got pictures in it,” I say, trying to get my tiny cousin interested. “See?  You like to look at pictures.”
Milo’s bottom lip quivers and his eyes begin to water. He is on the verge of a tantrum. Children who cried when they didn’t get their own way was something I hadn't missed. Milo is a sweet kid but he could be a pain sometimes. I was sure I hadn’t been like that when I was his age.
“Take it home and read it,” I suggest. “Then tell me later if you didn’t like it. I promise I’ll let you swap it for something else of mine. Deal?”
Milo’s tantrum slowly evaporates. “Deal!”
“You run along now while I go and see your Aunty Jill. I bet she’s been worried about me.”
“She has!” Milo shoots back as he hurries away, waving the book over his shoulder. I can’t help but see something of myself in him. I’d always had a fascination for strange objects that were brought in from the outside world. 
I halt a moment outside the kitchen. Mother had been worried I wouldn’t come back alive. After a stern word from Father she had backed down, even though he too had been a little doubtful of my chances of survival. In the end, Mother hadn’t even waved me a goodbye. She hadn’t wanted to look into my eyes. She feared it would be the last time she saw her only surviving son and couldn’t bear the pain of watching me walk towards an obvious death. I understood her fear, but I had triumphed and returned. Up until the strange incident with the gods and the Felum, my Journey had been relatively event free. Still, I was back in one piece, and would be recognized as a man by the House now, and I felt a sudden pride fill me with strength. I am a man. That would take some getting used to. I wondered when I would start shaving. I wanted a goatee just like my father.
“So you’re back.”
Her tone of voice wasn’t lost on me. It was surprise, almost wonderment. That voice held a sudden happiness. It did dent my confidence, though, to know she hadn’t expected to see me alive again.
“How are you doing?” mother asks. “I mean, how are you really doing?”
“I got through it all fine. There’s not one scratch on me.” 
Mother was a woman of small stature but high temper. She always vied to have the last word in an argument, her cooking and baking was unsurpassed in the region, and she was the only person in the world who could tell father what to do.  She was sometimes bossy and intimidating, but she was also the most compassionate of us all. In fact, she was like a mother to the entire House, not just to me.
“Were you ever in danger?”
“Not once,” I lied. “It was a little dull.”
I want to tell her how I had exceeded against all odds, how I fought the Felum in pitched battle and avoided a macabre death from gods and starvation... but I can’t. I will never tell her what really happened. All she needs to know is that I am back. I hug her, and I cry, and pretend like I’ve never been away.

Chapter 2 – Homemade Beer and New Perceptions

The House of Casper celebrated my return with a feast. I’m not used to such luxury, especially after living on meager rations for so long, but I enjoyed it immensely. Mother and the other cooks had done wonders in such a short space of time, and I’m impressed. The garlic-roasted sheep is particularly juicy; and the baked ham and potatoes are divine.
There are seventy-three members of the House of Casper, including myself, packed around the large table in the center of the aisle. Each one is eating like it was their last meal as they gobble food quickly and talk with their mouths full. Most of it is trivial, rude, and boring but they are my family and it’s wonderful to catch up on how their lives are going.
“Shirley, the cow, gave birth to twins and they both survived!” says John Casper, my father’s younger brother. “How miraculous is that?  Of course then Shirley herself got stolen. I bet it was someone from the House of Rowan, those thieving god-spawn!”
“My Delia had a miscarriage, poor little thing, but she’s pregnant again now!” says Molly Thames-Casper delightedly. “We’re hoping for a boy.”
“I want a girl,” Delia states.
“Can someone pass me the ham?” says Skye. She gives me a strange wink. She’s been trying to get my attention all evening but so far I haven’t been able to get a word in. 
"Some imbecile from the Order of Power tried to get in the front door, but we set the guard-goat on him!” says Father, setting the whole table off laughing. I want to put my hands over my ears because the noise is so deafening, but I’m slowly getting more used to it. I have to. This will be my home now until the day I die.
Why does that bother me so much?  I’d only been out in the world for seven months but I’d enjoyed every minute of it. Being home feels familiar and safe, but there isn’t an edge to it. Is this all there was to it?  I will stay here until Father dies, take over as mayor, marry, have children, and die. That was how it worked. That was how it had always worked, right back to the very first mayor, the man who created this House just after the gods destroyed most of the planet.
“Are you alright, son?” Father asks. 
I finish eating a piece of tender meat and say, “It just feels weird to be back. I’ve been on my own for so long, and it’s so quiet out there. There’s hardly any noise at all!  Did you feel like this when you went out into the world for the first time?”
“We all feel like that the first time, it’s only natural,” says Father. I can’t help but notice Milo, sitting between his parents, eyes consumed in the book I had given him. He appears to be thoroughly absorbed.
“Does it ever go away?” I ask.
“You get used to it when life steadies into a regular beat. You go out, you return, you go out, and you return. What matters is what’s waiting for you when you get back. I had your mother, my three children, and a large House to keep in order. I had plenty to keep me occupied. One day you’ll have all these things too, and you’ll be just as happy as I am.”
Father certainly did look happy. He was always happy. But that is the problem. It’s obvious my dear father is hiding a lot of pain. He’s lost two children and that alone would ruin anyone. Jill was my father’s second wife as well. His first, a woman whose name I never knew, had died before I was born. Father has seen nothing but death his entire life. I don’t want to marry and have children, only to see them get taken away from me. I don’t want to live a life all alone.
“I don’t want to be mayor,” I blurt out.
But Father doesn’t hear me. He is talking to Uncle Rooster and his girlfriend, a loud, red-haired woman called Rosa. Maybe father is right. At the moment I am confused, but it will pass. Later on I would settle into a routine and do all the things I was supposed to. I hoped that it would come true. I don’t like feeling that the life I am supposed to lead is making me feel this way.
Then I feel a warm hand touch my shoulder. It’s mother. She looks concerned.
“I heard you,” she whispers.
“I didn’t mean to say it out loud.” I feel ashamed.
“It’s okay. Try to take one day at a time.”
“I’ll try,” I say. I mean it. If this is the life I am supposed to live then so be it. I look around the table at my family. Some are related by blood, others are just taking on the House name to gain shelter from the outside world. One day they will all look to me for leadership and protection. They would need me to survive. I couldn’t help feeling a little resentment at that.

The merriment continues for far longer than is necessary. A roast donkey is carted out, dripping in juices and roasted carrots; alcohol is drunk in copious amounts, and all the adults become quite drunk, myself included. Now that I am a man of fourteen, I am allowed to drink Uncle Rooster’s infamous secret recipe beer, and it tastes good. And as the night wears on, and my head spins faster and faster as I drink more and more beer, I feel happy. It may be the alcohol talking but I find myself laughing at dirty jokes and singing and dancing on the table. My head lives in a world of ecstasy.
I am about to pour my sixth, or maybe seventh, pint of beer when I hear someone shout “Ben, tell us about your Journey!”
Seventy-two pairs of tired and drunk eyes all turn toward me (for second-cousin Gwen just the one eye; she had lost it to a starving raven some years before). I’m good at telling stories, and I knew this moment would come. The House would want to know what I’d accomplished during my first venture outside. Where should I start?  I couldn’t reveal what had happened with the gods and the Felum, though. I don’t want to upset Mother. 
“And don’t leave out the bit with the gods!” Uncle Rooster roars.
I sigh. I can almost feel mother’s anxiety wash over me. Now that she knows, I might as well tell the whole story and leave nothing out. I just hope I can reassure her I was in no real danger at the time.
I take a small swig of beer to calm my nerves, take a deep breath, clear my throat, and begin. And because I am in high spirits, buoyed by the attention and the alcohol, I may have embellished the tale a bit. I didn’t consider the effect my story would have on my parents, only that I tell an entertaining tale for my eager audience. So the journey out was fraught with danger at every turn. Every night spent camping in the open air was a struggle for survival, my stay at the House of Reed was almost akin to a kidnapping and forced enslavement, and my narrow death by gods, a thing of legend. If I forgot to mention being rescued by a Felum, it was just a mere oversight. After all, would they really believe it anyway?  The Felum were the enemy of humans.
“...and when the gods, Tornado and Blue Hair, were gone, streaking away like thunder to continue their eternal struggle elsewhere, that was when I was presented with another test to my manhood. A Felum...no, four Felum appeared out of the bushes.”
There is a rush of gasps at this announcement. I sure do like an audience. Why had I been so apprehensive about telling a story?  It was easy.
“I could see the look in their eyes as they watched me; they wanted me dead. I hadn’t encroached on their territory or done anything to them but they saw me as a threat and a meal. I knew at that moment that my days on this planet were over. What hope could I have against five Felum armed with spears?  They would take me and eat me alive, just like they do to any human they catch.”
“What did you do?” Milo asks. The book is still clutched in his tiny hands, but his eyes are solely on me.
I slam my fists down onto the table, making everyone jump.
“I took out my slingshot and loaded it with a ball bearing. They roared and charged at me. I looked the pack leader in the eye, pulled back the slingshot and fired. The ball hit it square between the eyes and it fell down, stone dead. Its fellow tribesmen stopped in their charge, looking from their dead friend to me in utter amazement. I growled back at them, easily imitating their noise, and they retreated back into the bushes, afraid, like little pussy cats cowering before a large dog.”
The family howled like dogs, banging their fists on the table. I join in with them, enjoying the feeling. I feel like a hero.

A cup of ice-cold water hits me in the face. I sit up in bed, my head aching and my stomach feeling like it’s been caught in a hurricane. I have never felt this bad before, not even after eating that funny tasting squirrel while on the outside. Was this what too much beer did to you?  How did adults stand it?
My mother is standing by my bed, a disappointed look on her face. Her eyes have bags under them, and her hair seems to be going grey. I never noticed that when I came back yesterday.
“Alcohol doesn’t agree with me,” I mutter. There is a horrible taste in my mouth, something like badger dung.
“It’s time you got up,” says Mother sternly, beginning to pick up my dirty clothes off the floor. “Your father wants to have a talk with you.”
I do not feel like moving an inch.
“How much of that story was true?” my mother inquires.
“Most of it. I did see the gods.”
Mother frowns. “They could’ve killed you.”
I pull the covers back over me again, ignoring her. I feel too awful to begin explaining things to my mother right now. I will talk to her later, when I feel better.
“You’ve been asleep for a day already. You’re a man now,” says mother, pulling the covers off me. “And your father really needs to talk to you.”
“What?” 
“You were tired from your Journey. Add to that Rooster’s diabolical beer and your body just needed the rest. Get dressed for breakfast, hurry now.”
Mother walks away, leaving me to stew in my own misery. I am never, ever going to drink Uncle Rooster’s home brew again. 
I start to wonder what Father wants to talk to me about. As a man of the House now, I have new responsibilities. With a new spring in my step, excited but still a little groggy, I get out of bed and pull on some freshly washed clothes Mother has left for me. The trousers are new, and of a sturdy material. So far I’d only gotten second-hand stuff from the other families. Mother must have made them especially for me.
I eat a breakfast consisting of chewy cereal and goat’s milk. My stomach still feels queasy but I manage to keep it down due to extreme hunger. Mother and Father don’t speak much to me during this time, which is fine by me. I’m not really in the mood for any deep conversations about my encounter with the gods just yet, because I don’t know what to say. The whole incident had been over with so quickly.
“How did you sleep?” my father asks.
I groan. “I could do with another day to recover.”
“Not likely,” he smirks. “We have a lot to do today.”
“Like what?”
“We have some new quarters marked out for you in another wing of The Glass Palace,” says Mother, sounding half excited, half sad. “We thought you might want to have a look at them before you moved in.”
I’d forgotten about that. Now that I am a man I have to leave home and start to build up a home of my own for my future spouse and children. I’m not sure I want to move out, but after spending such a long time away, I’m more than up for the task. 
“What’s it like?” I ask.
“It’s small, but comfy, and it will be warm in the winter,” says mother. “I’ve made you some nice bed sheets.”
“That’s nice.”
Mother and Father begin talking to each other about all the things that makes a home a home. I ignore them and concentrate on finishing off my breakfast. The only thing I know is that my home is going to be my home. I’ll let my parents help but I want to make my own mark. 
“Mother said you wanted to talk to me about something,” I ask Father after putting down my spoon.
“You’ve had an offer of marriage, son,” says Father proudly.
I’m a little awestruck to say the least. Normally a newly qualified adult has to wait months for a decent proposal of marriage from a suitor. I’d only been back two days! Who wanted to marry me?  It wasn’t as if I’d had my eye on anybody before I left, and as far as I know nobody had taken a shine to me either.
“I don’t understand,” I say.
“Whomever you marry will give birth to the next mayor of the House of Casper,” says Father. “It is a position in high demand. I think it’s fair to say you’ve had several offers of marriage; six in fact.”
I begin to panic. “I don’t have to marry any of them, do I?”
“Marry the person you love,” says Mother, taking my father’s hand. They really do love each other.  “But be sure to consider all those who have proposed. You don’t want to upset anyone.”
“I will,” I say. “I’ll consider all the proposals, not that I will upset everybody. But some people will be upset. I am highly sought after.”
Father laughs. “Don’t get too overconfident now.”
I’m being cocky to hide the sheer horror of my situation. I may be an adult now, but I’m not sure I want to get married yet. Well, the wedding would be held off until I turned fifteen but I would still have to choose someone. If, by the age of twenty-one, I haven’t yet chosen a mate, one would be chosen for me. The continuance of the mayoral line was more important than falling in love.
I’ve never even considered falling in love before. I’ve never even had a crush. I didn’t want to rush into things but I didn’t want to be forced to marry someone I didn’t like. 
Being an adult is so complicated.

The moment I step out of my home into the interior of The Glass Palace, a rather bizarre sight confronts me. My best friend, Skye, is waiting for me. We’d set out on our Journeys together at the same time as we were of a similar age, but she’d arrived back a month before I did. I was a little envious of that, but I couldn’t blame her. She’s a lot more adventurous than I ever was.
“Did your father tell you?” she asks.
I wonder what she’s talking about, although I’m not really paying much attention to her words. The fact that she is dressed up in a skirt and blouse, with her hair in a tight bun and lipstick smeared clumsily on her face, is making me suspect something is afoot. While most girls indeed wore those sorts of clothes, Skye was more likely to wear trousers and a jacket. Looking so feminine made her seem like a different person.
She looks unutterably sad.
“He told me a lot of things,” I say, trying to word things carefully. “It’s been a very eventful morning.”
Skye sighs, pulls at her hair, and grimaces. “Well the thing is... and don’t get angry or anything because it wasn’t my fault or anything like that... but I may have made a joke to my parents about how wonderful it would be to marry you and stuff like that and they thought I was being serious and they... well, they put in a bid for me to be your betrothed. Sorry about that.”
Skye is a rambler, she always has been. But today she seems to be almost on the verge of passing out as the words tumble haphazardly out of her mouth. The way she stood, her hair, her make-up, her clothes; she looks so uncomfortable and embarrassed that I feel sorry for her. She isn’t the least bit attractive to me, but then again I have never experienced what it feels like to be attracted to someone. She is a friend, almost a sister.
“He told me about all the bids but he didn’t mention you,” I say shyly. I try really looking at her for the first time in my life but nothing stirs. She is still plain old Skye.
“Let me set the record straight,” Skye states, gaining sudden confidence from the awkward situation. “I do not want to marry you. I do not want to marry anyone, even though I might have... not gotten any bids at all when I came back but that’s fine by me, because like I said I don’t want to get married. When I feel like it, I’m leaving the House and setting up my own House and you might be invited to join but not as my husband so...there you have it.”
“I don’t want to marry you either.”  I smirk. “You look ridiculous in that dress.”
“You rotter!”  Skye laughs. “I do, don’t I?  Mother made it for me out of an old pair of curtains I picked up when I was on my Journey. An old pair of curtains!  If I even entertained the idea of wearing dresses, I wouldn’t want it to be made of old curtains. Thank goodness I’m never getting married or she’d want to make my wedding dress out of old curtains and I do not want to look back on that day with my four adorable children and wonder why I had a wedding dress made of old curtains. Do you want to look at my new quarters?  They’re next door to yours.”
“I suppose. But you have to look at mine as well.”
She grins, taking my arm like we are a happy couple skipping down a meadow. I feel relaxed in her company again.
“I already have,” she says. “They’re not as nice as mine but they’ll do.”

Since the larger quarters are reserved for the more swelled family units the smaller ones are doled out for those newly become adults. They aren’t renowned for their space or their functionality, but until I marry and have children they would have to do.
My new home is near to a large set of doors on the ground floor that leads to an even larger foyer. I note that it is quite near my parent’s house, and don’t think it’s an accident. They want to keep a close eye on me, and in a way I’m glad to know they aren’t so far away that I could, literally, call for help. 
I look around the empty space as Skye heads next door to change into something more suited to her tastes. I instantly like it; there is a small bed in the corner, a chest of drawers, a desk and a small kitchen unit. There is even a lively painting on the wall, made by Alaric Rover-Casper. He’s our local artist, and his depictions of random colors make the room seem sunnier, especially in light, since there is no window facing the outside. I’m not sure how I feel about that. I’d been on the outside for so long.
I sit on my new bed, trying to get my head around being an adult. It does feel strange, but good. I’ll miss being a child and having no responsibilities, but if being on the outside has taught me anything, it is that I thrive on new challenges. Living on my own and being an adult in the House will certainly be a challenge.
“You could do with some flowers to make it smell nice in here,” says Skye, squinting her nose distastefully. “It already smells like stale boy sweat in here. Have you had a wash yet since you came back?  I’ve got this really weird smelling soap I found in this crushed house!”
I sniff my armpits, but can’t detect the faintest whiff of anything off. Skye must be smelling things. She’s peculiar like that.
“What did you think of the outside?” I ask.
“It was so weird! I went through this one city and everything was just squashed flat like a big hand had come out of the sky and swatted it and at the edge of the city was this one house that had somehow escaped damage! The family living there tried to eat me, but I pushed their grandmother down the stairs after untying myself and then I ran and ran.”
I look at her incredulously. “They tried to eat you?”
“Surely, you’ve heard the stories?  The House of Casper may not do it, but out there people eat other people, though why that weird family thought I might make a nice meal, I have no idea. I’m so skinny!  There’s no meat on me!”
I feel a little nauseous. While it is true I have heard the stories, specifically from the hostel manager in the House of Rowan, I have always assumed it’s all superstitious nonsense. Maybe it still is. Skye has to be lying.
“Are you joking with me?” I ask her.
She pulls her jacket up to show me her left arm; near the shoulder there is a bite mark. The wound is healing nicely but it does appear to be a human-mouth sized mark.
“I’ve told everyone to avoid that family like the purple plague,” says Skye. “But if I ever see those cannibals again, I’ll show them that Skye Tapping-Casper does not like to be chewed on like a lamb chop!”
She appears to be taking her kidnap and escape by crazed cannibals rather calmly. I know now she wasn’t making it up, but I can also tell that she is hiding how truly terrified she was. I decide not to press her on it. If she wants to tell me how she feels about her ordeal, then she would.
“So how are you coping with being an adult?” I ask her. She is rooting through my rucksack, still packed with my clothes and the stuff I’ve collected during my Journey. I need to make the time to sort through it.
“I still feel like a child, strangely enough,” she says, pulling out a fake yellow duck and throwing it on the floor. “I expected there to be some kind of big revelation when I came back that proved to me I was grown up, but there was nothing and I’m starting to think that maybe I’m not really an adult at all.”
“I’m not sure there is a revelation,” I tell her, thinking through what she’d said and silently agreeing with it. “I think maybe it’s just natural when we come back from our Journey.”
“Oh,” she says sadly. She flings my rucksack onto the bed and sighs. “I suppose I really am an adult then. Strangely, I still don’t feel like one.”
“Part of me thinks I’m still a child. But another part is excited now being an adult.”
“I only did odd jobs for Doctor Kahn-Casper before my Journey, and I knew in my heart I wanted to be a doctor when I came back. I requested to be her assistant and now I am but it’s a bit boring. I think I have bigger ambitions now.”
I smile. “Adults have grand ambitions; children just have dreams.”
“So I am an adult then.”  She grins. “And one day I shall start my own House. Just think of it!”
And just like that her mind wanders off into her own fantasy world. I was hoping she’d snapped out of it during the time she was gone but I’m wrong. She’ll be like this for minutes now.
I pick up my rucksack and catch the whiff of a pleasant smell; grass. I had missed that smell. I empty the contents out onto my bed and start to put away my clothes into the chest of drawers. When that was done I start looking at all the curious artifacts I’ve picked up along the way. Whenever I found a house that was intact I’d root around inside. There were always valuable treasures to be found, even if plants and wild animals had overtaken most abandoned homes. 
There is a set of keys. They are gold and I had taken them from the wreck of a small motor vehicle that was so covered with greenery that you couldn’t really tell what it was if you didn’t look hard enough. Inside the half demolished house next to the vehicle, I’d found some sort of tin (I hoped for baked beans; what an ancient delicacy they were) that had fallen behind a cupboard and been ignored since the kitchen was now a wetland for frogs and ducks. Then there was a silver ring I’d gotten from a trading store in the House of Felix; a pouch of herbs from their shaman; a red mobile phone (they were everywhere); a half eaten sausage made from cat meat. 
“What we really need is a cleaner to clear up all the flattened cities so we can build new cities,” says Skye, snatching the cat sausage off me and shoving it in her mouth. She chews and swallows within a matter of seconds. “That was nice! That way we can spread out a bit more instead of squashing together in little communities like this. We’ll never get things back to how they used to be if we don’t disperse.”
“The reason we live like this is because when people do try to rebuild cities the gods end up destroying them again,” I remind her.
She sighs. “Oh yeah. My fathers told me about when the city of Cardiff was evacuated and then newer generations went back after a hundred years to rebuild it but the gods demolished everything after a week. That was horrible!  I can’t believe you met the gods!  What was it really like?”
Skye can change topics in an instant. Sometimes it can be unnerving, as she has the knack of catching you off guard.
“I didn’t actually meet them, they almost killed me. We watched them fight from behind some trees.”  As I explain, I relive the scene in my mind. “It was quite scary actually. I thought I was going to die.”
Skye cocks her head to one side.  “We?”
From what I can remember of my drunken storytelling the other night I’d forgotten to mention being saved by a Felum. I’d left it out in fear of being ridiculed. “Look at Ben Casper, they’d say. He’s so useless he has to be saved by the enemy!”  I can trust my best friend to keep quiet about this, I was sure.
“You have to keep this a secret,” I whisper. “If you tell anyone about this I will tie you up and hand you over to the Felum as an appetizer. You got that?”
Skye giggles, excited. “My lips are sealed!”
I tell her all about my close encounter with the Felum, and to my surprise she listens without making a single comment. As far as I know, nobody had had an encounter with the Felum and got away unscathed, yet for some reason I had been saved by one. 
“Why would he save you?” Skye wonders.
“I don’t know. Maybe he did it because he could, or maybe he didn’t want his next meal to be tenderized by the gods. I really don’t know.”
“Maybe the Felum are as scared of the gods as we are,” Skye suggests. “Just thinking about the gods right now makes my skin crawl; wait a minute!  What if the Felum worship the gods?  No, wait, what if...”
Skye seems to consider my words for a few moments in silence. This is the quietest I’ve ever heard her. My story is really making her think. Perhaps she can come up with an explanation for the Felum’s uncharacteristic behavior. 
“I can honestly say I have no idea,” Skye admits. “This has me completely stumped! I suggest we go out to where you met this Felum and see if we can follow its tracks back to where it lives and spy on it. We’ll get a unique window into the culture of those cat humans or whatever they are. Now I’m getting excited!”
“That sounds dangerous.”
“It won’t be dangerous at all. It’ll be an adventure! I’ve already escaped being eaten once this year.”
Her face clouds over with fear for a moment, but it quickly vanishes.
“Never mind that,” I say, eager to change the subject to stop my friend from thinking about what she’s been through. 
“You better show me your quarters now so I can get back to my parents. They’re taking me to see the first of the betrothal bids this afternoon and I can’t wait.”
Skye laughs and gives me a hug, which surprises me. It isn’t an affectionate hug by any means; it seems to say “you poor thing.”

Skye’s quarters are as mad, rambling and random as her personality. She has no actual bed, but a hammock that stretches from one wall to another. Her clothes are on pegs that hang from the ceiling like animal carcasses in a butcher's, and the floor is covered with pages torn from books and magazines. Sitting in the corner, with its face scrunched up staring at me as if I am an intruder, is a tiny black pig.
“He’s called Albatross,” Skye explains, as she sits on the edge of the hammock. She spreads her arms wide to indicate how glorious her room is. “I found a picture of this bird called albatross and, although I didn’t like the look of the bird, I liked the name. They don’t know I have a pet, of course, as pigs are only for food, but he’s mine now and they can’t take him away from me because I love him. Did you see what he did just then? He’s so cute!”
As far as I’m aware the pig hasn’t done anything. It just sits there. Just as I’m about to ask her what the pig is supposed to have done, it jumps into the hammock and sits on Skye’s lap. She strokes it like a baby.
“I knew he was going to do that,” Skye says proudly, tickling Albatross’s ear. “He’s such a clever pig!  I’ve taught him all sorts of tricks. Please, don’t tell anyone I have him.”
I smile and stroke the pig’s head. It’s warm with a faint fuzz of fur. It looks up at me with a dreamy gaze and I suddenly see what Skye saw; a cute little animal with adorable eyes.
“It wouldn’t make much of a meal anyway,” I say. The pig gives me an offended snort and I laugh. “I’m not sure how you’re going to hide it when it gets older, though. He’s going to grow big, like Aunt Valerie’s pig with the missing leg. You’re going to have to find a place for it in the woods.”
Skye hugs the pig close and says, “Albatross won’t grow much bigger than this from what I’ve read, and I’ve read a lot on pigs. There’s this book in the library called “Pigs, Pigs, Pigs”!  It says Albatross is a teacup pig!”
“Teacup pig?” I mock.
I look at the tatty magazine covers spread out on the floor as she coos over the pig for a while. One of them has the title “National Geographic” and a picture of an austere looking man with white hair. A tear in the paper obscures the man’s name, but it is his eyes that tell me the most about him; they are cold and dead.
“I have a confession to make,” says Skye.
I can’t pull my eyes away from the magazine cover. It seems to drag me in somehow. The man has a power over me; a man dead over hundreds of years and yet still he is able to influence the future. Why was he looking so serious?  How did he die?  What was his name?  Who was he?
“I said I have a confession to make!” Skye shouts.
“What?” I say, a little dazed. I look at Skye, finally managing to take my eyes off the magazine cover. “Yes, I heard you the first time. What is it?”
“I was only out on my Journey for a week,” says Skye, avoiding my eyes. The pig copies her movement, shoving its snout into her lap.
“That’s okay, most people are,” I tell her, though it is a lie; the minimum time spent for a Journey is supposed to be three weeks. “It’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
Skye’s shame is written all over her face, which is a lot less childlike than I remember. “I visited the House of Rowan, but I didn’t like the people there because they thought they were better than the House of Casper. I only stayed there for a night. After that I travelled for three days straight and that’s when I got kidnapped by that cannibal family. After I escaped from them I found a trader with a horse and cart and he brought me back near here. I didn’t do anything!  I didn’t learn anything!”
She starts to cry and I know I have to comfort her. I try to sit down on the hammock, and as it rocks under me, I pat her on the shoulder.
“You learned to be tactful around the House of Rowan; you found out about a dangerous family to avoid; and I bet that trader who gave you a lift is not going to forget you in a hurry. He’s probably your friend for life.”
She blushes. “He was a nice old man, even though he did smell of onions. He reminded me of that trader that used to come here before that Felum ate him.”
“You learned enough, and that’s what counts.”
Skye laughs. “You were gone for seven months, the longest anyone has ever been out!”
Father had only been out on his Journey for five months. He’s told me about it often enough, especially the bit where he swam around the sunken tower of the Blackpool. A sunken tower?  It sounds like a fairy tale.
“I’m going to be the mayor,” I say gravely. “I need to learn more than other people. I have an important job to do in the future.”
  “Still, you must’ve learned an awful lot in that time.”
The events of the last seven months flash before my eyes in a series of images; all the Houses, villages, people, dead cities and open graves of skeletons. Yet all I can think of is the freedom.
“I learned I’d rather be out there than in here,” I say, the truth feeling bitter and sweet on my tongue. “In here it’s so stuffy and noisy.”
“You’re going to be mayor, though. That’s incredible!”
“I don’t want to be mayor.”
Skye looks at me; the pig looks at me. Are they accusing me of something?  I shouldn’t have told her how I really feel. I can count on Mother not to say anything.  I suppose I can count on Skye, too. She is my best friend after all.
“You have to promise not to tell anyone what I told you,” I tell her.
“I promise.”
“I mean it. I don’t want father to ever know how I feel. It’s probably just because I spent so much time on my own outside. I just need to adjust to life back here.”
“What if you don’t?”
I shrug. I didn’t know what to answer her.
“I can smell that pig from outside,” a voice says from the doorway. “I thought I told you to wash it?”
I’d seen Skye’s brother around the House before, but had never taken much notice of him. He’d always been quiet, serious and had looked upon our antics with disdain. We were never friends, and he was a few years older than me, so we’d never really had the chance to talk before, barring the occasional “Hello” and “Goodbye.”  Something is different about him today. He looks different, somehow. I can’t quite put my finger on it. 
Skye harrumphs and says, “How am I supposed to find the time to bathe him when Doctor Kahn-Casper is working me to the bone?  Honestly, you’d think she was trying to drive me to quit.”
“If you want to be a doctor then you have a lot to learn,” says Brian.
“Too much, if you ask me.” Skye smiles sweetly at her brother. “If the smell bothers you so much you could always give him a bath. You don’t seem to be doing anything at the moment.”
“Neither are you,” says Brian, now a little angry. I notice he has big bushy black eyebrows, much like two caterpillars stuck to his forehead. “I was going to ask you if you wanted to come out and help me hunt a wild deer, but I don’t think I will now.”
Skye plops the pig onto the hammock and runs to her brother, shouting, “Oh, go on!  Let me come!  I’ve been practicing with the bow for ages now, and I’m really good at it!”
“As long as you promise to really work on becoming a doctor and give that walking pork chop a bath then maybe I’ll let you come.”  He smiles at me, and I feel a sudden lurch in my stomach. Do I have some sort of bug?  “You can come, too, if you want. I’m sure your parents won’t mind. I know you haven’t started practicing with the bow yet, but it could be a valuable experience for you.”
“Yes,” I mumble.
He stares at me and says, “Are you okay?”
I can only stare vacuously and nod my head. Brian has this tiny mole just by his left eye that I’ve never noticed before. Every tiny feature of his face seems new to me.
“I’ll meet you outside in an hour then,” says Brian, pulling Skye off his arm as she clings to him in gratitude. He leaves, and Skye keeps on chattering about how today is going to be the best day ever, but I don’t hear a single word. All I can think about is Brian. He hasn’t changed at all, I realize. He’s the same as he’s always been. The only thing that has changed is my perception of him. 
I think I have a crush on Skye’s brother. 

Chapter 3 – The Horned Bear

Mother and Father are at first annoyed that I’m putting off meeting the first of my betrothal bids until tomorrow, but they don’t really make too big of a deal about it. I suspect they don’t want to see me grow up too quickly, despite the fact I am now considered an adult.
“I’m not marrying Skye,” I rant. “Not in a million years.”
“Does she not want to marry you?” Father asks. It’s almost like an accusation, like Skye was snubbing me because she didn’t want to marry me.
“Of course not,” I say. “We were raised as best friends. It’d be weird marrying her, like I was marrying my sister or something. The whole idea makes both of us feel a little sick.”
“I never took Skye’s betrothal bid too seriously anyway,” Mother says with a sly grin. “So there’s one less to worry about.”
“Why is there all this hurry to marry me off?”
Father looks at Mother and says, “It’s not like you’re going to be married straightaway. You just need to find the right person to be your partner and then when you turn fifteen you will be married. You can then start having children and prepare for your life as mayor.”
Great, I think.  I can’t wait to be mayor.

The three of us cross the old road as we make our way to the forest, which is a short distance from The Glass Palace. Most of the materials used to build the roads have been pushed aside by weeds and flowers by now but you can still see the odd clump of black in there. I often dream what the roads looked like in their heyday, with the automobiles roaring up and down them. I prefer the roads as they are now, green and verdant.
There is still a thick, deep crevasse that bisects the road. We step over it, careful not to fall in. It’s been there since the gods flew over two years ago. They had stopped here to fight. The fight may have lasted only a second, and it may only have caused minimal damage, but it had been enough to alter my life forever. My younger sister, Glory, had died that day. The seasons of rain and snow may have washed her blood away but I still knew the exact spot where her tiny, fragile body had been crushed. I’d never forget.
“When can I start practicing with the bow?” I ask as we trudge through grass sprinkled with ice crystals. The sun is hidden behind a thick band of fluffy white clouds, and I can see my breath. I like winter. Glory had liked the winter, too. My brother Dylan, though, had been more of a summer person.
“When I have the time,” Brian answers.
“You’re going to teach me?”
“Your parents said it would be okay.”
“When did you speak to them?”
“The day you spent in bed with a hangover.”  I sigh and Brian says, “Don’t worry, we all get a little drunk when we come back from our Journey. I was the same as you.”
“Right,” I say. I hang on his every word.
Skye giggles and says, “Great, you get to spend loads more time with my ugly, stinky brother. You are so lucky!”
I grin, feeling tingly all over, like an electric current is running through my body. I can’t believe that Brian is going to teach me how to use the bow!  I’ll get to spend a lot of time with him. How do I feel about that?  I’m excited, certainly, but also nervous. What does Brian think of me?  Does he think I’m still a child?  Well, I will be fifteen in five months, so that might make things better. I’m rambling inside my head, just like Skye does with her mouth. I don’t want to do that.
We enter the forest. Skye is her usual energized self, clutching her bow like it might flutter away in the wind and her mad, black hair tied back in a ponytail. The quiver attached to her back is made of pigskin, which she has complained about, but she didn’t have much of a choice if she wanted to come. She is a stickler for the rights of animals, though she isn’t a vegetarian. She likes meat too much. 
I’m almost sure Albatross is following us. Every now and again I can hear something snort behind me, but when I look there is nothing there. Skye had insisted she didn’t want the pig to come as it would distract her but I didn’t believe her story. I can see the way she looks at Albatross; they are inseparable.
“It’s going to snow,” Brian mutters as we stop in a small clearing.
“How can you tell?” Skye twangs the string on her bow to make sure it is tight enough. It had taken her a good half an hour to thread it.
There is a weather witch in a village further north who predicts the weather badly but I keep my mouth shut. Brian doesn’t want to hear about her.
“Sniff up,” he tells us.
We both inhale, slowly, and feel the air enter our nostrils. An assault of smells drifts our way; the pig leather of our quivers, the grass, the bread from the rations inside Brian’s bag, and something else...coldness.
“Can you smell it?” Brian asks.
“Yes,” I say, a little excited. 
“I like the snow,” says Skye, gazing up into the heavens. “Although I hope it doesn’t break some of the glass tiles on the roof like it did last year because I really hate it when snow gets inside the House.”
Brian covers his sister’s mouth with his hand to shut her up. Most people don’t have the patience for Skye’s ramblings, even though it is one of the things I love about her. She is eccentric and there is nothing wrong with that.
“I see something in the bushes,” Brian whispers.
Skye and I look where Brian points. I can’t see anything apart from a bush covered with cobwebs and the trunk of a large tree. I try to creep forward to take a closer look but Brian puts a hand on my shoulder to hold me back. His touch makes my legs feel wobbly.
A branch on the bush quivers slightly, and I see something; a quick reveal of patchy grey fur and a beady yellow eye that glares at us malevolently. I look to Skye and see her eyes wide with fear, though Brian seems quite alert.  It certainly is not a deer. 
“What is it?” I whisper.
“I think it’s a wolf,” says Brian. 
“A wolf?” Skye exclaims, a little too loud. “We have to catch it!  Oh, I know it’ll be cruel and everything but its fur coat will come in handy this winter. We’re starting to run out of furs.”
Brian grits his teeth and says, “I know that. But this is too dangerous for you two. I want you to step back and let me handle this.”
Skye snorts. “You can’t order me around like I’m a child any more. I’m an adult now!  I’ll take this wolf out by myself, see if I don’t.”
Skye, in what seems a sort of supernatural efficiency, pulls an arrow from the quiver on her back, knocks it on her bow, and fires. The arrow speeds through the air as Brian yells and it hits the bushes. There is an almighty yelp of pain and then silence.
“You see that?” says Skye, grin huge. “I am a master bowman!  Well, bow-woman anyway.”
“When I tell you to do something you do it,” Brian snarls.
Skye ignores him and, placing the bow on the ground, she goes over to inspect her kill. I follow close behind, a little in awe myself. I thought I had been an accurate shot with my slingshot but Skye is clearly superior. If Brian becomes unavailable for lessons (though I sincerely hope not), I think that his sister could teach me instead.
“I wonder if I could claim the wolf pelt as my own,” Skye ponders. “My own winter coat is looking a little tacky these days and I’m sure the tanner wouldn’t mind.”
We hear a growl. We stop. A single grey paw creeps out of the bushes, followed by another, and the head of a great wolf appears. Its eyes radiate hostility, its mouth is open and growling, its teeth are rotting and its tongue is twisting and tasting. I can’t help but feel admiration. It is a wild beast and we are totally at its mercy but it reminds me of the outside and how uncertain and wild it truly is.
“Brian,” says Skye, her voice trembling. “I don’t think it’s dead.”
Then it falls face first onto the ground, its teeth scraping the earth. I watch its eyes flicker shut and the slow steady breathing from its side stop. I can see the arrow now quite clearly; it has pierced the creature between two prominent ribs, though it isn’t bleeding as much as I’d imagined it would. 
“Do you think it’s dead now?” Skye wonders. 
Brian walks up to the corpse and puts a finger to the wolf’s neck. He leaves it there for ten seconds and turns to his sister and announces, “It’s dead.”
“Yes!” Skye declares, doing a little dance on the spot. “I’m so good at this!”
While Skye celebrates and Brian berates her for ignoring his orders, I watch as Albatross pads across the ground to join us. It looks like he’s been following us after all and was just waiting for the predator to get out of the way. I stroke the pig and hope the little thing will be careful in the forest.
Skye puts her hand to her mouth in horror. “Something is wrong with Albatross. He’s very scared.”
I look at the tiny pig, which is shivering. How are we to know it isn’t shivering because it’s so cold, it could freeze your eyeballs?  Though, to be honest, on closer inspection the pig does look frightened. Its eyes are as wide as I’ve ever seen them.
Branches snap in the distance.
“The scent of the blood must be attracting more wild animals,” says Brian. His eyes scan the surrounding forest intently. “I’ll grab the wolf and we’ll try and sneak out of here as fast as we can.”
Skye picks up Albatross and I help Brian lift the dead wolf into his arms. He is very strong. I wonder what else he could lift up with those arms of his. 
The pig starts to squeal like a mad thing, struggling in Skye’s arms. She hugs him closer to her chest, gives him words of encouragement, strokes him as gently as she can, but he just snaps out and bites her hand. Skye drops him with a loud wail of pain and an echoing swear word, and Albatross trots back into the trees, probably to go straight back home.
“He’ll get himself lost!” Skye cries, running off after him. “Come back!  Albatross!”
Brian sighs. “Stop screaming so loud!”
She stops by a copse of bushes as something large and powerful rears up in front of her. It gives a roar like the clashing of lightning and thunder, Skye screams in terror and the air around us seems to vibrate with the sound of utter panic. I can only stare with horror.
I don’t know whether it has a name or not. It’s definitely not a creature I’ve seen or heard of before. It’s odd looking. It resembles a bear in most ways and is the size of a grizzly, with thick white fur, more like those polar bears I’d seen in a book back home. Except, unlike polar bears, this creature has hard ridges on its forehead made from what looks like bone, and it has a long horn that sticks out from that ridge. This thing could gore somebody in seconds.
It just stares at us, motionless. It appears to be as shocked by our presence as we are with its.
“What is it?” Skye mumbles, slowly backing away to stand near her brother. “I’ve never seen anything like it in my life!”
“Stay perfectly still,” Brian whispers. “Don’t startle it.”
“I wasn’t planning to,” I mutter.
Its eyes are yellow, and I can see small thick tusks protruding from its mouth like those of a boar. When it waves a paw at us I see what look like webs between each of its toes, and its toenails resemble the blade of knives. It’s more of a weapon than an animal.
“I think it’s very scared,” utters Skye. She looks at me, gives a huge sigh and says, “Yes, it’s scared. I wonder what scared it?”
I do not want to escape death by gods only to be mauled by some mutant creature out in the forest. Mutant creature!  What if it is a mutant?  That would explain why it looks so odd and why I’ve never seen anything like it before.
“It’s called a horned bear,” says Skye. She giggles. “It’s hungry. Oh dear, it’s been starved as well!  How could someone do that to an animal?  Poor thing.”
The creature doesn’t look starved; it looks fat and big, though I do notice some bare patches on its fur and deep scars under them. Either it is a fighter among its own kind or it’s been abused. 
 “How do you know all that?” I ask Skye, as usual my own curiosity overcoming my deep fear. 
“She’s just clever, that’s all,” snaps Brian. “Forget it.”  He gives Skye a look that I’m not sure I like. A look that ultimately reveals what I can only assume is a shared secret. 
Skye holds her hands out and says, “I’m trying to see if it’ll harm us.”
The horned bear roars again. Its wide-open mouth reveals a massive wet purple tongue. There is also a black collar around its neck. 
The creature makes a sudden charge forwards. The three of us pale and make a run for it into the trees. Brian drops the dead wolf before its weight holds him back. I stop wondering, though, when without warning, I feel a huge mouth snap at my back, catching the edge of my coat tails. I pull to the left, hoping to cause confusion, and instead the bear rams straight into the trunk of a tree.
I look back and see the horned bear gawking at me, disoriented. I grin and start running again, hoping that the flight is over; but the bear gives another almighty roar and it starts to pursue me again.
I skid past a small clearing. I don’t see Brian or Skye anywhere around me. I wish I knew where they were, and whether they were safe. I need to focus on myself, for the bear seems intent on following me.
I turn my head slightly as I run to gauge how far away the bear is and I see it; it’s running a lot faster than I am, and it’s gaining on me. If I don’t find some way to get away it will soon catch up. I do have my knife to use as self-defense, but what could my tiny weapon do against this enormous creature?
I’m not looking in front of me, and end up tripping over a tangle of exposed tree roots. I slide into some bracken and feel my hands scrape against small stones on the ground. I panic and start to climb to my feet, when the horned bear somersaults over me and lands a meter away. I start crawling through the dense shrubbery, hoping to conceal myself. Concealed by the tree roots is a small nest hidden under the ground. There isn’t an animal there at the moment, which I’m thankful for, but I hear small bones crunching under my knees as I head further into the burrow.
When I’ve hidden myself a good distance inside, I turn around. It’s murky and a little musty in here, but I’m safe. There is no way the horned bear can climb through a tunnel this small.
The ground above me trembles, the horned bear roars. Soil, worms and beetles start to rain down on me. It’s trying to force me out by burying me!  What kind of smart creature is this?  But I’m wrong; it isn’t trying to force me out. I realize this when its huge lethal paw punches through the ground just inches from my head. Its bladed claws sweep around trying to locate me. It keeps almost catching my face, but I manage to push myself further back into the burrow. It’s going to have to do a lot better than that.
The paw whips back up, and I give a huge sigh of relief. I hope the creature is giving up. Another paw pummels down, and a claw catches my arm. I yelp as it tries to grab hold of my neck. I instinctively reach for the knife in my belt, which is tricky in the confined space, but I manage to grab my weapon and plunge the blade into the horned bear’s paw. The creature shouts in pain and I’m praying I made the right decision. I begin crawling forward as fast as I can. I need to get out of this burrow. It isn’t quite the safe haven I was hoping it would be.
I poke my head out of the burrow very cautiously. The bear’s bellowing and screaming has died down and now the only thing I can hear is the odd bird that hasn’t migrated for the winter. Have I killed it?  I don’t think so. I’ve only stabbed it in the paw.
“RUN!” a voice screams. It sounds like Skye, but I can’t see her anywhere. 
I hear the bear again, giving out an almighty yell of rage and pain. I can hear it moving behind me, getting ready for the chase once again. So I run.
I pause when I reach a small running stream. I see Brian and Skye, who are at the other side. Brian turns to give me a smile and I can’t help but be pleased that he’s worried about my welfare. That’s when I hear a tree behind me screech in protest and topples over. I turn around and shoot to the side just in time as the tree crashes to the ground. A squirrel pops out of the now grounded branches and scampers off back into the forest. The horned bear lumbers out and stampedes straight towards me.
A massive paw swings in the direction of my face. I duck and grab a rock from the riverbank. When the bear roars and charges again, I swing the rock against its jaw. I hear a crack and the creature spits a bloody tusk from its mouth. Now even angrier than ever, the horned bear swipes at me again and again, hoping to slash me open with its claws.
An arrow suddenly sprouts in the bear’s head. It shrieks in pain, seems to make a lazy spin and then crawls towards the edge of the stream. It goes still.
I creep cautiously up to the great strange beast and peer down. I feel a little sorry for it. Now that I know it wears a collar I realize that this was somebody’s pet, somebody’s possession. They have obviously mistreated it. I feel hatred against these cruel people.
“Are you alright?” Brian asks, walking up to me. Skye is touching the horned bear’s fur, inspecting it. “I thought it was going to rip you to shreds.”
My arms still tremble. “It very nearly did.”
Skye pats the horned bear’s head and says, “Poor creature. All it wanted was something decent to eat and instead it gets killed. Look at the beatings it’s had as well!  Oh, the poor little thing.”
“That poor thing tried to kill us!” I protest.
 “Where do you think it came from?” Skye ponders. “You’d think if someone around here was keeping it as a pet we’d have heard about it by now. You could hardly keep something this big a secret.”
“Yet they did,” I point out.
We leave the horned bear where it has fallen, half in the stream. It seems a sacrilege to skin such a rare creature for its fur.
I notice that both Brian and Skye are missing their bows. They must have left them back at the clearing with the dead wolf. Who shot that arrow at the bear and saved my life?
“Who fired the arrow?” Skye wonders just a second later.
Brian looks at me, and then at his sister. “Whoever it was, we owe them our thanks.”
I inspect our surroundings, wondering who is hiding out there right now, and why they have they saved us.

At the clearing, we find Albatross asleep on the ground near to the wolf carcass as if nothing had happened.  I wish I could be that nonchalant.
“Time to skin the wolf,” says Brian. “Skye?”  He plucks a spiky knife out of his belt pack and holds it out for his sister to take. She hesitates.
“Well?” says Brian. “This is your kill after all. You can have the honor of skinning the creature.”
Skye backs away, her face turning an odd shade of green. She picks up Albatross and hugs him tight to her as if protecting him from harm. 
Then she retches on the ground.
I offer to skin the wolf as Skye moves toward the edge of the clearing with the pig cradled in her arms. I’ve skinned smaller animals before, but never anything as big as a wolf. I have to do this. Not only will Brian be impressed of my bravery, but my parents would be proud of me.
“Give me the knife,” I demand, cool and confident.
Skye mouths the words “thank you” to me.
“Okay,” says Brian, a little hesitant. “I can do this if you want. I know it’s a lot to ask.”
“I can do this,” I interrupt. “Give me the knife.”
He reluctantly leaves me to it, and Brian, Skye and Albatross watch as I skin the wolf. When I’m finished I’m covered in blood and my hands ache. The smell makes me want to vomit. As the flies buzz around the corpse, I truly feel like an adult.

We make a little fire to warm us up as we eat our lunch, which consists of bread and some wolf meat. Wolf meat turns out to be tender and juicy and I can’t get enough of it, but we have to ration it. There are hungry people at the House, some of them too ill to go out hunting for themselves. I imagine that they’ll enjoy this wolf meat. 
We eat in silence for a while, which is close to a miracle in Skye’s case. But she looks upset. I think she sees her refusal to skin the wolf as an exposure of weakness. 
“I’m sorry,” she mutters between mouthfuls. It’s the first word she’s spoken in over an hour. I’m just glad the silence has been broken. I’ve wanted to strike up a conversation with Brian a number of times, but found that every time I tried to form a word, my mouth refuses to open. Instead, I find myself watching Albatross, who keeps sniffing the wolf pelt that hangs on a tree branch.
“I know you like animals,” says Brian, giving his sister a friendly smile. “It must have been hard for you even to kill it.”
Skye wipes her eyes. “It was, especially because it... Well, I’ll do better next time. I promise.”
“You’re a very good shooter,” Brian praises her. “You’ve picked up on what I taught you very quickly.”
“I think it’s more natural talent than your teaching methods.”  Skye grimaces, realizing she was being rude.  “Not that you aren’t the best archery teacher in the whole world, it’s just that some people are better at some things than others.”
“Like skinning wolves for instance,” Brian mutters.
“Rotter!” Skye shouts, before bursting into laughter. Brian just smiles. His smile is enough to make my stomach lurch in a good way.
We continue to eat and watch the fire until Brian reveals the story of the first time he went out to hunt deer. He claims he’d almost shot an arrow in his father’s arm he was so incompetent with the bow, but I think he’s just making it up to make Skye feel better, and fortunately it does. After hearing about her brother’s near fatal mishap, she seems to revert back to her old self again, which is talking all the time. After a while, none of us even notice the sun starting to dip. Skye suddenly jumps up.
“I’m going to do it!” she announces. Brian and I glare at her in confusion. Even the pig seems curious. It does occur to me I should have been back to The Glass Palace by now to meet the first of my betrothal bids, but I honestly don’t care. 
Brian, a little perplexed, says, “What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to start my own House!” She picks up Albatross and starts to walk around the campfire. Her face is more joyful than I’ve ever seen it. “It will be hard, and it will be tough, and it might take a while, but I will persevere and the House of Skye will be the most envied House in all the lands!”
“You’re not still on about that are you?” Brian complains. “I thought it was just some childish whim that you’d get over once you turned into an adult.”
“Childish whim?” Skye scoffs. “Building a great House is hardly childish fancy. What would you know, you’re just content to do whatever it is you’re told and you never do anything interesting. But I’m going to do this. Oh, I can’t wait!  I better go home now, and start packing.”
Before either of us have a chance to stop her, she’s marching off back to The Glass Palace. After ten seconds, she turns around and heads back in the right direction. I can’t help but laugh. 
Brian turns his intense eyes towards me. His sister’s skylarking doesn’t amuse him anymore. I feel ill at ease and I suddenly realize Skye is deadly serious.

Chapter 4 – The Man with the Lion’s Mane

After three days of heated arguments and begging pleads, nobody can persuade Skye that what she plans is a foolhardy venture that will get her killed. She has her mind set. She is determined to start her own House, and by the gods, she will do it.
“This is the right thing to do,” Skye says. She is sitting on my bed. Albatross is curled up asleep on her lap. A candle burns on my desk. It’s dark and cold and neither of us can sleep. 
I’m not sure what to feel about her departure. I admire her for her fierce independence, but I feel she isn’t mature enough to start her own House and I don’t want to upset Brian by publicly stating I’m on Skye’s side.
 I’m fairly sure I have a major crush on him now. I can’t get him out of my head. His face is imprinted on my brain. He’s the last thing I think about when I drift off to sleep, and the first thing that skips across my mind when I wake up. I even dream about him. 
“Do you hate it here that much?” I ask her.
“I don’t hate it here at all. I love it here and I love my family. But I have a real desire to start my own House and to do that, I have to leave. They don’t seem to understand that and I’m sick of them going on at me.”
“Your parents love you and don’t want you to do anything stupid.”
“You all think I’m some ditzy fool that rambles on all the time about nothing and that’s just not true. I do ramble, but it’s because I have so many things to say and I have to tell them quickly before I forget them. That has nothing to do with my desire to start the House of Skye.” She laughs. “The House of Skye; it sounds so magical, like it was always meant to be. I can just picture it now.”
As she wanders off into her own dream world, my own mind begins to conjure mildly treacherous thoughts. What if I leave with Skye?  We can start our own House together. What an adventure it will be!  We’ll have to go on a long journey to find somewhere suitable to start off in, and there will be hardships and danger but it could be wonderful.
“So are you coming with me or not?” Skye blurts out.
I can only stare at her. It’s like she’s reading my thoughts.
“What?” I gasp.
“You heard me. Did you really think I’d run off and not at least invite you?  Of course, you don’t have to say yes or anything, but just think of the adventure!  You told me yourself you didn’t want to be mayor of this overcrowded and annoying House.”
My heart pleads with my head to scream out yes. I could pack my things and run off with Skye this very instant and never look back. The temptation is so consuming it begins to tear me up inside. All I have to do is say yes.
Instead I say, “No, I can’t.”
“You can!  You can!” Skye insists. “There’s nothing stopping you from coming with me. Well, I suppose your parents could tie you up or something but then I’d untie you.”
I take a huge breath to clear my lungs and say, “No matter what my feelings are, I have a responsibility. I’m going to be mayor one day.”
“Your father could live a hundred years. Do you really want to hang around for the next sixty odd years, just waiting? That’s not a life.  That’s just waiting for your father to die.”
I’ve never seen it, my future life, like this before. While it is very unlikely that Father will live to a hundred, he could survive well into his eighties. What would I do in the meantime?  
Skye grins. “I’ve got you thinking!  I’ll give you some time. It’s not as if I’m going any day soon. I’ve still got so much stuff to prepare!  It’s going to be quite a task.”
“I’ve already said no,” I snap.
“But you’re not saying it like you mean it.”
I don’t answer her because she’s right. I can’t abandon the House of Casper and run off and start a House with Skye. It would be irresponsible and selfish and I’m not that type of person. Yet I could do it if I really wanted to

When Skye leaves to go to her own quarters, I try to get my head around her offer. Should I stay? The unavoidable fact is I am going to be mayor, no matter when that might be. I have no choice. I have to stay. But the mere fact that I don’t have a choice makes me want to rebel.
But what about Brian?
If I leave, I’ll never see Brian again. I’m not sure I could handle that. The mere thought of it fills me with dread.

I dream of Brian again that night, dreams I have never dreamt before. Adult dreams so intense they seem real, though they do bring up something I’m not expecting. The only person I can think of to talk to about it with is my Father.
“I woke up and...”  I feel so embarrassed. 
“Can it wait?” says Father. He sounds impatient. He sits at the desk in his study working on the winter forecasts. I don’t really understand all the numbers and tables and stuff but Father is a master when it comes to math.
I figure I should just blurt it out and hope nothing else is revealed. My doubts over whether to or not to leave with Skye are my secret for now.
I start. “Well, the thing is...I had this dream and when I woke up...my, erm, thing was bigger than it was and I...did something with it. I didn’t want to, not at first, but...it felt really good and...look, I better leave you to your work and...”
“Sit down,” says Father. He frowns as he says, “We need to have a talk.”
Father explains everything I need to know. He describes how a baby is conceived and the different stages of puberty. His speech then becomes intricately anatomical, without leaving out anything. He’d told me about getting hairs in odd places years ago, but this…
“It would’ve been nice to know all this before,” I mutter.
“Experiencing something for yourself is a lot better than being told something and not really believing it.”
I realize he does have a point.
“Skye’s parents are both men,” I say, working this out carefully in my head. “How were she and Brian born?”
“A surrogate was chosen,” says Father. At my blank look he continues, “Skye’s blood father mated with a surrogate and she had the baby and gave it to him and his husband to raise as their own. It was the same with Brian.”
I can’t believe it has never occurred to me until now. If I were to marry Brian, we could have children. We only needed a surrogate. 
The sudden clanking of a pan makes Father’s face darken. He stands up, practically ignoring me, and walks towards the door. It is only at the very last second that he notices I’m still with him, waiting. I have seen this look on my father’s face three times before. Then, as now, it has happened when someone comes knocking at the door. It is fear.
“Get your mother to take you to Lottie Grange-Casper’s house,” Father orders. “There will be no more delays in meeting the betrothal bids.”
“Who’s at the front entrance?” I ask. The clanking pan is the doorbell visitors or traders use to signal their arrival. “You seem to know.”
“Just do as you’re told,” he orders, before walking away.
I want to tell him that I’m an adult now and he can’t tell me what to do any more. But I respect him too much to start an argument over something so petty. If he wants to tell me what is wrong, he will. Still, I am curious. If something is upsetting Father this much, I need to know what it is. 
I peek out of the door of the study and creep across to the front doors. Father is walking down the stairs. Uncle Rooster is waiting for him at the bottom. They start talking animatedly, and Rooster even laughs at one point. Father doesn’t laugh.
“I’m all packed and we’re ready to go!” a voice announces loudly behind me. I turn around, startled, and my heart starts to palpitate. It’s Skye.
“Don’t sneak up on me like that!” I admonish her. I keep my eyes firmly on Father and Uncle Rooster as they vanish through the doors into the bridge that leads across the river. 
“I’m good at sneaking up on people,” says Skye proudly. “Why are you watching the mayor and his brother?  Are you spying on them?”
“Every couple of years someone knocks at the door and it makes Father scared,” I explain hurriedly. “Uncle Rooster and he go outside to meet whoever it is and then come back an hour later. I want to know who it is they keep talking to, and why it makes him so nervous.”
“It’s elder business. We should not be...hmm, now you’ve made me curious. Maybe they’re doing secret dealings with some shady trader?  Or what if they’re making plans to marry you off to some disease-ridden girl with three arms from another House?  That’s been known to happen.”
“So let’s follow them.”
Skye hesitates for what seems an eternity. Finally, she just nods her head, giggles, and yanks on my arm. Anyone would think this is her idea.
There are a dozen or more entrances to The Glass Palace. The one I used to get back in after my Journey is the one most used by the families. There is also a larger entrance that visitors use. The one that we’re heading to is the visitor’s entrance, which you had to cross a bridge over a gushing river to get to. The river occasionally floods because of where it is situated. There is an upside to the floods, though; we are able to catch plenty of rats to save as food for the winter.
I can hear Albatross snuffling behind me.
“Can’t you shut him up?” I whisper as we cross the bridge. “Father will hear him and then our cover will be blown!”
“I’ll ask him,” she says. As by a miracle, the pig quiets down immediately. 
The reception outpost is in a smaller building to which the bridge is connected. At the moment, it isn’t occupied.  The blinds have been pulled back. This is odd. The outpost has to have someone manning it all times.
Skye is looking down a short flight of stairs where the visitor entrance is located. The doors are open, but around this area all glass doors and walls have been boarded up with planks of wood and layers of thick plastic. While there hasn’t been a raid in a year, we find it prudent to keep up our defense.
Father and Rooster are in conversation with a small man dressed in various rags and furs. His hood is made from a yellow, long, shaggy fur, which Skye whispers into my ear is from something called a lion. It’s not his fur, though, that attracts my attention; it’s the huge rucksack strapped to his back. It’s so big you could fit a large dog in there. I’m surprised he can even move about properly without toppling over.
“Have you seen him before?” I ask quietly. I can’t see his face clearly from way over here, but I do make out a fairly long nose, like the beak of a bird. 
Skye muses for a second. “There’s this book in the library that I read once about this hunchback in some giant church.  He reminds me somewhat of him. He doesn’t look scary though.”
“If he’s not scary, then why does father look frightened every time he turns up?” 
The man turns towards our direction, and I quickly hide behind the wall. I saw his face quite clearly. He is old and wrinkled, and I’m positive that he smiled at me.
After a few seconds, we resume our watch. The small man shakes hands with Father, ignores Rooster, and shuffles back outside into sleeting rain. He pulls the lion’s mane hood over his head and slowly, struggling with the burden on his back, walks away. 
I pull Skye back and we make a run for it back across the bridge. By the time Father and Rooster return, we are just about to go and look for Mother. I’m sure he doesn’t suspect a thing, although we’re suspiciously out of breath.
Skye and I part ways at her quarters so she can pick up her bags. She would have preferred to sneak out and avoid the commotion, but her parents have persuaded her to host a leaving party. We can’t really afford another feast so soon after my own, but it is a big occasion after all. Not many of the villagers think she can accomplish such a thing. We know she’ll be straight back to The Glass Palace within a month, pretending like nothing had happened.
I realize then that I’ve already decided what I’m going to do. I just need to let Skye in on my decision.
“So are you going to go and pack or not?” Skye asks, shoving her clothes haphazardly into her backpack. “If you’re not packed when I decide to leave, then I’ll go without you.”
I look her straight in the eye and say, “I’m not going with you.”
“Of course you are,” she says with a laugh. “You don’t want to be mayor any more than I want to fall off a cliff. You’re coming with me and you know it.”
She continues to pack as I watch her in silence. I wonder why she’d told me she had packed already but clearly she had not even begun. The answer is obvious, really; she wants to give me more time to change my mind. I want to change my mind more than anything in the world. Only one thing is holding me back, and that thing is Brian. Brian has changed everything. As much as I want to leave, I know I couldn’t, not when there is still a chance.
Should I tell her that Brian is the reason I’m staying?  Perhaps it’s a bad idea. I don’t want Skye to think I’m abandoning her for someone else.
“I wonder what food they’re putting out for my leaving feast,” Skye ponders as she buckles up her bag. “I know we can’t spare much but I’m expecting something decent. After all, this place will be a lot more tedious without me.”
“This place will be as dull as a rainy day without you,” I state with all my heart. “I’ll miss you.”
“They’ll be time for goodbyes later,” says Skye, wiping a tear from her eye. “I know you’re not coming. I think I understand.”
“This is where I have to be.”
She pulls me into a hug and soon enough we’re both crying. I’ll miss her so much; her playfulness, her eccentricity and her ramblings. She’s right. This place will be soul crushingly boring without her in it.

I find Mother in the library. This is where she works part time, sometimes as a librarian, other times as a teacher. Today she is a teacher. Her students appear to be Milo and his twin-sister Megan. The two small children are reading the book I gifted him while Mother watches over their shoulders, her face curious.
Our library contains thousands of books, either stolen from undamaged stock taken from The Glass Palace itself or scavenged from the outside. Father has stated that reading is almost as important as food and shelter. I agree with him. 
“I see you like my book then.” I casually sit down by the reading table. Megan looks at me shyly.
“It’s the best thing I’ve ever read!” Milo declares vociferously. “It’s even better than that book with the chocolate factory!”
“What’s it about?” I ask.
“There are all these men and ladies and they wear strange costumes and they have magical powers which they use to help people. It’s not like normal books, though, it’s got pictures as well as words!”
Megan nods her agreement. His enthusiasm makes me proud. I’m glad I gave him such an intriguing gift.
“It’s a bit childish if you ask me,” Mother remarks.
“They are children,” I remind her.
“And some of the people in them look like the gods too, which is a little scary. Why would someone do that?”
Mother is worrying for nothing as usual. Drawing the gods does not get you in trouble. There is a painting of the gods in my mother’s home, and that hasn’t been smashed to pieces in an act of divine retribution.  Still, I have seen the gods near here quite recently. Maybe she has a right to worry.
I bide my time until the lesson is over by reading the spines of as many books as I can touch with my hand. There are so many I haven’t read yet. It would take me three life times to read them all. I do leave a mental bookmark in my head for all the books that appear the most interesting. If I’m never going to leave The Glass Palace, I need something to occupy my time.
When the twins leave, Mother suggests we make our way to Lottie’s quarters. This is the first time we’ve been alone since she heard my opinion of my future. I’m relieved, but simultaneously irritated that she doesn’t want to know how I feel about it. 
I’m surprised to find that Lottie isn’t in at home, which is only a few doors away from my own, but with her parents. Apparently she wants their opinion on the marriage. Lottie’s parents are quite fastidious. They only want the best for their daughter.
“What if I don’t want to marry Lottie?” I say to Mother as we approach the closed door. I’m extremely nervous. There is sweat pouring down my neck.
“You don’t have to marry her if you don’t want to,” says Mother kindly. “It would be rude if you didn’t talk to her, though.”
“I suppose not,” I concede. I decide to press another issue. “Remember what you heard me say the other night?”
“You’ll have to time to adjust to your destined future. Your father didn’t want to be mayor either. He even ran away.”
I’m speechless. Father ran away from his responsibilities?  
“I can see you think I’m joking, but I’m not. I should know, I was with him at the time. He was confused. His father was ill and his first wife had only recently died and he just wanted to get away. As his best friend, I went with him to make sure he didn’t do anything silly. We were away for nearly a year. When we returned we were hopelessly in love and I was pregnant with Dylan.”
“Why didn’t I know any of this?” 
She shrugs. “It might give you ideas about running away yourself. Are you tempted to run away with Skye?”
“No!” I shout defensively, but she senses my doubts.
“Just take things one day at a time.”
I nod and Mother, apparently satisfied with my answer, knocks on the Grange-Casper’s door. When she does I hear a whistle. I look around and find Skye hiding behind a corner. She waves her suitcase at me, winks, waves, and disappears.
“Did you hear something?”
“No,” I say, feeling my heart sinking down to my stomach with grief.

Chapter 5 – A Marriage of Annoyance

The home of Fern and Copper Grange-Casper is dreary and somber. The walls are smeared with dark brown, and all the furniture is lackluster, with not an inch of color anywhere to be seen. The painting on the wall completes the gloomed house with a figure wailing in despair. In the midst of this darkness, I feel the tempting need to scream and run away.
Mother and I sit down on a sofa with a fraying grey cover on it. Tea is served, made with fresh goat’s milk and honey. I’ve never had much of an opinion for tea but this was enjoyable.
“I made the tea,” Lottie announces.
 “It’s very nice.” I smile back at her. 
“I like making tea and I’m a very good cook,” says Lottie. “Wait until you see what I’ve got us for lunch!”
Lottie is an attractive woman, I suppose. She has long blonde hair and full lips and is very busty. I don’t find myself excited by any of these things. Instead, I think of Brian again as Lottie serves more tea, and I feel myself getting hard. I hope I’m not required to stand up any time soon.
Lunch consists of a tasty salad with little bits of dried bacon in it. I have to say that Lottie is indeed an impressive cook. She will make a brilliant wife for someone one day, but not me. 
After we have all finished our meal, Copper Grange-Casper begins the conversation.  “Our family has a long tradition of carrying babes to full term. In a hundred years we haven’t had one miscarriage or still birth, and we are quite resistant to most diseases.”
“My husband is one of the most skilled carpenters in the House, and as his son-in-law you will get his skills before anybody else,” says Fern with her eyes fixed on me. She is quite intense. “Those skills might even be passed on to the next generation!”
“And I can cook,” announces Lottie proudly. “You will always have interesting meals.”
“The next mayor of the House of Casper deserves the best meals,” Fern adds, giving her daughter a nudge with her elbow. 
I can detect the glint in Lottie’s parent’s eyes. They crave for their daughter to give birth to the next mayor. Lottie has a look on her face, which reveals she isn’t bothered either way. I suspect that she’d rather be anywhere but here. Mother is looking at me, obviously concerned. There is only one answer I can give to this betrothal bid.
“I am sad to refuse your offer, but I’ve already found someone I want to marry,” I tell them.
The right thing to do would have been to tell Lottie and her parents that I’m seriously considering her bid, but I don’t want to get their hopes up. It would be too cruel to leave them guessing. 
“Really?” Lottie shouts, delight lighting up her face. “That’s wonderful!”
“Lottie!” Fern quickly fixes her eyes at Lottie with anger and disgust.
“All our dreams have been shattered,” Copper wails.
It’s not exactly the reaction I’ve been expecting. For a brief second I find my pride wounded. What’s wrong with me?  Why doesn’t she want to marry me?
Copper puts hand on his daughter’s shoulder and says, “I thought you said you’d forget about that other man and marry into a decent family?”
“Ben obviously has someone else and so do I. This discussion is over.”  She turns to me, smiles, and kisses me on the cheek. “Sorry about all this rigmarole, but you know what parents are like. No hard feelings?”
“No,” I say, still a little shocked but happy for her.
“I’m so sorry about this, Jill. You know what daughters are like.” Then Fern turns to her husband and demands: “Copper, talk some sense into the girl!”
“This is your fault,” screams Copper. “You put too much pressure on her to marry into a good family!”
Mother and I leave the Grange-Casper family to it as their argument escalates into swearing, name-calling, and plate throwing. 
After we’ve managed to leave the quarters unhurt, Mother turns to me and says, “So when did you find the time to meet someone and ask them to marry you?  You’ve only been back four days, and one of those was spent asleep.”
I blush. Even thinking about Brian causes all sorts of sensations to course through my body. They are so intense, I imagine Mother can hear the way my heart starts to beat faster.
“I think I have feelings for Brian,” I admit, looking at my feet.
“Oh, how nice!” Mother gushes. “Brian is a lovely boy; or should I say man.”
“He is lovely,” I admit. “I can’t stop thinking about him. When I first saw him again after coming back from my Journey, I couldn’t keep my eyes off him. Before he was just Skye’s annoying older brother but now he’s something more.”
“Your first love,” sighs Mother wistfully. “I think I should like him as a son-in-law.”
“Well there’s the thing. I haven’t actually asked him.”
“He asked you then?”
“He doesn’t know how I feel.”  A sudden panic hits me. “What if he doesn’t like me?  What if he doesn’t feel the same way?”
Mother hugs me and plants a kiss on the top of my head like she used to when I was little and had nightmares. Right then I wish I wasn’t an adult and could rewind time and become a child again. Everything was so much easier. You didn’t have to worry about feelings then.
Mother looks me sternly in the eyes and says, “This is what you’re going to do. You’re going to find Brian and you’re going to tell him how you feel, preferably before the party.”
I hesitate. “No, I can’t do that.”
“Yes you can. And you will.”
Skye!  How can I have forgotten that she’s left already?  I don’t blame her really for avoiding the tumult. This news will cause quite a stir. It might even cause Brian to be too preoccupied to deal with my feelings for him. 

I pace for about ten minutes around the corner from Brian’s quarters, trying to give myself the courage to knock on his door. I know I can do this. I’m not a coward. I’m brave. Why are my hands trembling and why is my stomach doing somersaults then?
Just as I’m about to set off I hear a low wailing and find Milo running towards me. Tears are streaming down his face.
“What happened?” I ask. He hugs my legs and cries.
“My book!” he wails. “Someone burned my book!”
I try to concentrate on his words, but my mind is fixated solely on Brian. 
“Calm down and tell me what happened.”
He wipes his runny nose on his sleeves and begins. “Megan said she saw a pigeon in the library and we went to look for it and when we came back the book was in the bin and someone had set it on fire!”
He pulls a black, burnt page out of his pocket and shoves it into my hand. I notice redness on his tiny hand. He’s burned himself trying to get it.
“You need to get yourself to Doctor Kahn-Casper. That injury looks quite painful.”
“But you got me that book!” he protests, the tears flowing once again. “I liked that book and someone burned it!  It’s not fair!”
I can’t imagine why anyone from the House would burn a children’s book. It doesn’t make any sense. Such petty acts of vandalism against our own kind are completely unheard of. We have little enough as it is and people respect that. I’ll have to tell my father of it later and see what he has to say. 
“I bet that Diana did it,” says Milo.
“Why would Diana do such a thing?” Diana is the only other child, bar Milo and Megan, under the age of ten in the House. She is a little troublemaker and has often annoyed the other residents with her mischief. Still, this doesn’t seem like the type of thing for her to do.
Milo looks down at his shoes, guilty. “I might have told her she could read my book, but then I wouldn’t let her so I pushed her on the floor.”
I really don’t have time for this. I need to confront Brian while I still have the courage to do it. 
“The next time I go out, I’ll find you an even better book,” I promise him. “I bet you were bored of reading this one anyway. How many times did you read it?”
“A couple,” Milo confesses. He appears to think very seriously for a moment and then says, “Okay, I suppose you can get me a better one. I’ll tell Megan!”
He skips away, once again content. I’m glad I’ve sorted things out with him, and remind myself to tell Father about the incident. He can sort Diana out by having a word with her parents. I have other things to do.

I knock quietly on Brian’s door. His front wall is made out of long metal sheets painted white, and the door appears to be taken from some old vehicle; maybe one of them long ones, with seats for many passengers?  After I knock a few more times, I realize that he mustn’t be in. He’s probably out working somewhere. 
“Did you know about this?” Brian screams.
He is stalking up behind me, his face thunderous. He holds in his hands some type of letter, and is directing an angry look at me. I don’t like it.
“What?” I mumble, though I have a feeling I know.
“Skye’s gone!” says Brian, shoving the letter in my hands quite roughly. “All she left was this stupid note!”
I open the letter and read it. It says, “I hate parties and you’d only all try and talk me out of it anyway and thanks for everything you’ve been a great family but I have to go now and...these aren’t tearstains on the paper. Bye.”
I thought that maybe she’d at least tell her parents she was going to leave before the party. This was a cruel way to tell them she had gone. 
“Did you know she was going to do this?” Brian demands.
“No,” I say. But my lie is so unconvincing that Brian knows immediately.
“If she gets herself killed I blame you!”
“I saw her leaving but you know what she’s like. There’s nobody who could stop her,” I explain. Brian is looking at me like I’ve betrayed him.
“I would’ve stopped her. I could have stopped her.”
“Really?”
Brian sighs, leans against his door. He puts his hands to his head, then brings his fist down and bangs it against the wall. I’ve never seen him look so infuriated. It’s as if he’s already consigned his sister to death. 
“I know Skye really well,” I say. “She may seem a bit flaky, but she’s stubborn, determined and very independent. Brian, you know her more than anybody else in the world. Do you think she can do this?”
Our eyes lock and a shiver runs down my spine. He’s crying.
“I honestly don’t know,” Brian says.
I have this overwhelming urge to lean in and kiss him on the lips. But it would be wrong. He’s vulnerable right now, and I’m still not sure whether he likes me or not. My feelings for him gush through my body like some kind of drug. 
“I so wanted her to come to the wedding,” says Brian. “Well, if there ever is a wedding. Her parents think I’m not good enough.”
My eyes widen. “Married?  You’re getting married?”
“She’s a wonderful woman and I love her very much, but like I said it’s been difficult,” Brian explains. His face takes on an almost glow. I can tell he’s in love. “But there’s been a few teething problems.”
I feel like I’d been punched in the face. My heart beats so fast I imagine I’m going to die. But I don’t die. I just stand there, my cheeks going redder and redder, as Brian stares at me with pity.
Brian continues. He never even notices my misery. “Lottie’s parents wanted her to marry you. Not that you aren’t worthy to marry her, it’s just that…”
“You love her,” I say.
He smiles. “Yes, I love her.”
I’m silent. I can tell him that I’m not marrying Lottie and she’s free to wed him, or I can keep my mouth shut. I can’t do that; not to Lottie and not to Brian. My own selfishness at thinking of keeping this information secret astounds me. So I tell him. He cheers, hugs me, and heads off to find his true love.
My life is over.

Chapter 6 – A Bittersweet Birthday

It was a week before my fifteenth birthday when Brian and Lottie got married. Despite the protest of her parents and the occasional depressing look from me, they went through with it. The wedding was a grand occasion, something for the whole House to celebrate. Guests from other Houses came to visit, including my Aunt Nicki, who now lived in the House of Rowan, Uncle Rooster had brewed a new recipe beer, which was as strong as acid but equally tasty, and they’d even been witness to a calamitous thunderstorm, which was said to bring good luck to a newly married couple. All in all it was a magical day. For Brian and Lottie, that is.
I tried to be happy for them but I just couldn’t do it. I didn’t want to mope around and feel sorry for myself, but that was exactly what I did. Nothing could budge me out of my funk. I was thoroughly miserable, thought everybody hated me, and thought my life wasn’t worth bothering with any more. Brian was with someone else now, so what was the point?  I told Mother about it, and she was compassionate and gave me a hug, but I think after a month of feeling sorry for myself she began to get annoyed with me.
“There will be someone else,” Mother had told me. She had made it sound like a promise, but to me it was just another affirmation that Brian would never be mine.
Skye didn’t turn up for the wedding. She’d been gone almost five months by then and nobody had heard a word from her. Truth be told, everyone had expected her to be back by now, lamenting her failure over starting a House, looking sheepish and calling her adventure something to laugh about in her old age. Yet she didn’t come back. Search parties had tried to track her down, even going so far as to search the rubble of the abandoned city and the other Houses. She had popped up in the House of Rowan for a few nights, but had left again just as abruptly as she’d arrived. The general consensus was that Skye was dead. They all thought she was too young to start her own House and had either starved to death from her own incompetence or been murdered by Felum or conscripted by the Order of Power.  Nobody even considered the possibility that Skye was a capable young woman, who was doing very fine on her own. I wanted to believe that. Brian believed that. I knew she could do it.   I regretted not going with her every single day. It would have changed my life completely and maybe I would never have known that Brian would be marrying Lottie. Now I couldn’t join Skye because I didn’t know where she was in the world
I told my parents I resolutely did not want to marry anybody, not yet, so they politely told all the betrothal bids their offers were terminated. I didn’t even look at the list of all those who had proposed. All I knew was I couldn’t get married, not now, maybe not ever. Most of the bids understood; some made a fuss and avoided me like I had a contagious disease. I honestly didn’t care.
The horned bear carcass was stripped of everything. Its fur became winter coats, its fat became soap, we ate its meat, and we made soup from its bones. I keep the collar in my room and wonder constantly who it had belonged to. I blame them for my near death experience with the creature. After all, if they hadn’t beaten and starved it the thing might not have attacked me.
As for my feelings on becoming mayor one day, they haven’t changed at all. I still didn’t want to be mayor and I resent the fact that I have wait for it to happen. I don’t want the responsibility of running this place. I want to be out there, I want to go on a journey to the outside that lasts forever. Instead I’m stuck in here, in this giant glass box of monotony, with all my failures there to torment me.
I hate The Glass Palace.
I’m out in one of the fields, digging up weeds. The spade is old, rusty and the handle is loose, but the work causes me to think less. I don’t enjoy it but it passes the time. Besides, spring is here and the weather is warm. I enjoy the feeling of being outdoors; feeling the sun on my face...especially today as it is my fifteenth birthday. I’m determined not be maudlin.
I’ve spent a lot of time in the fields, or outside in general, since learning of Brian and Lottie. It’s not just because I want to keep away from him; I miss the fresh air a lot. I’d been on the outside for seven whole months while on my Journey and I still felt a little cooped up while in The Glass Palace, maybe even a tad claustrophobic. So I offer to take on job after job, so long as it takes me outside, anyway. So I’ve been digging fields; clearing up cow muck, been on another quick trek to the House of Rowan (which is how we found out Skye had briefly been there), and even helped to train a new puppy to help herd the sheep. The previous sheepdog had died of illness. We’d bought a new one from a travelling zoo. I called him Libra. 
I look up at the minarets and domes of The Glass Palace. People living in the House of Casper are fortunate.  We have a steady, safe home and quite a decent way of life. If the gods decide to bring their fight anywhere near here, my home would be in ruins and everyone in it dead. I’ve seen the results of their stupid conflict first hand. I still have nightmares of the city of Leeds; half the city crushed in an instant, thousands of people smashed to paste in the blink of an eye. While I was there, trudging through the ruins, I thought I heard ghosts. They wanted me to save them but I didn’t know how. 
“Can I have a word with you?” Rosa asks. Uncle Rooster’s long time fiancé is walking towards me. Her red hair is tied up, and her face and hands are covered with dirt. She is an avid gardener, but I don’t like her very much. She appears to sneer a lot.
“Sure,” I say. I stick my spade into the ground and turn to her.
“Do you ever talk to your uncle much?” 
“Not really. I don’t see him that often.”
“I don’t like to be pushy or anything. I love Rooster, but he doesn’t appear to want to get married any time soon and I would like to be a proper wife to him. Could you do me a huge favor and sort of, well, give him a nudge?”
I really don’t know what I can do. Uncle Rooster had instantly fallen for Rosa when she turned up three years ago, beaten and bruised. She had apparently been thrown out of her House for an alleged infidelity, which she denied strenuously. The House of Casper had adopted her with open arms, and she’d soon fallen for Rooster. They seemed like a perfect match for each other.
“I suppose I could have a word with him,” I tell her.
“You are a darling!” she announces, giving me a rather lingering, inappropriate kiss on the lips. She pulls away, smiles, and walks off in the direction of The Glass Palace. I’m instantly forgotten about.
I wipe my hand across my mouth. If I’d been sure before, I definitely am now; Rosa is the type to commit infidelity. Do I really want my uncle marrying such a woman?  Then again, Rooster is a forceful personality. He can handle her.

There is an awful smell coming from the shed. I can’t describe in words how terrible it is. Is something going wrong with Uncle Rooster’s beer? Has it gone off?
I knock on the shed door. Uncle Rooster eventually answers. His hair is a mess and the smell becomes even worse.
“What’s that awful smell?” I ask him.
“That, my lad, is the beautiful aroma of fermenting beer,” he tells me with pride. “Want to have a look? You can be my apprentice!”
I grimace. “That’s okay. You seem to enjoy doing this by yourself.”
“Let me tell you a secret; this isn’t my recipe.”
I perk up my ears. When Uncle Rooster wants to tell you a story you listen. He has quite the bizarre imagination.
“I found the recipe in an old book,” he confesses. He grins at me while I wait for the story to continue. It doesn’t.
“Is that it?” I ask.
“Don’t ever tell anyone,” he orders me. “My reputation would be ruined!”
“Why did you tell me?”
He seems to consider my question for a moment, before sitting down on an old log at the side of the shed.
“Just in case Rosa and I don’t have children I want to leave my secret to someone I trust. That person is you.”
I really don’t know what to say. I’m flattered, even though I don’t know the first thing about making beer.
He continues. “The recipe is slipped inside a book I have under my bed. The book is called “The Kama Sutra.” Don’t look at any pictures in the book; they’re very, very rude and only for adults.”
“I’m an adult now,” I remind him.
He gets up and walks back into the shed. He turns to me and says, “Yes. You’re an adult now. Little Ben Casper is a man. Congratulations!”
He closes the shed door, and I’m left speechless, pondering why I’d come to his shed in the first place.

My parents prepare me a special birthday lunch, which I’m glad to have. Mother can take the most basic ingredients and turn them into something not just edible but very palatable. 
I sometimes feel sad at family occasions. The table seems empty without Dylan and Glory there with us, even though there are still mementoes of them around the place. I spy Glory’s cuddly toy-chicken resting on the side table and next to that is Dylan’s music box. It had been found in his backpack next to his corpse and we figured he wanted us to have it. I miss them both so much. 
“You’re getting nearly as tall as me,” says father at the dinner table. Uncle Rooster is there and, to my dismay, Rosa. I can still feel her strange kiss on my lips. It makes me feel queasy.
“Tell that to my trousers,” I joke. “I’m going to need to get some new ones from supplies soon.”
Mother smirks. “There’s no need for that.”
She smiles mischievously and leaves the table, stepping into hers and Father’s bedroom. After a moment she returns with a parcel wrapped in brown paper. She hands it to me. 
“What is it?” I ask, excited. I’m like a little kid again, and the thought doesn’t embarrass me one bit.
Mother doesn’t say anything, but I know what it is and yes, indeed, it is a pair of trousers. They are exactly my size (until I grow out of them in a few months time, again) and they’re woven of a thick fabric I know to be quite rare and expensive. It’s a very generous gift.
“They’re wonderful,” I say. “Where on earth did you get them?”
“I found them in an old farmhouse just last month,” says Father. “I was going to save them for myself but I figured you needed them more.”
“Thank you so much,” I say. He really is a great man and a great mayor to the House. If I have to take his place one day, and I’m not totally resigned to the fact just yet, then I hope I can be at least half the man he is. If I were, then I’d be doing a pretty good job.
I decide right there and then to stop being so lachrymose. Skye is out there living her life, and making her dreams come true. Brian and Lottie are happy. I have no choice whether I want to be mayor or not, why fret about things that I can’t change?  
I’m about half way through dinner when I notice that Rosa is making eye contact with me. At first I think she must have something in her eye, and I’m about to ask if she’s okay when I suddenly remember her request. I dislike her now even more than I ever have, but Uncle Rooster loves her, and supposedly she loves him. Who am I to stand in the way of their happiness?  
“So when are you and Rosa getting married, then?” I blurt out. 
A deathly silence descends upon the table. Mother and Father look at each other; Rosa pales, and Uncle Rooster drops his fork on the table. I realize I didn’t mean to say it like that. The words just seemed to shoot out of my mouth. I should’ve worked up to it in a subtle way. Rosa will kill me.
Rooster clears his throat and says, “I have been thinking about it.”
Rosa’s eyes light up. “You have?”
He mumbles for a few seconds, making us all wish we were in another room completely, until Rosa abruptly stands up.
“I’m tired of waiting, Rooster!” Rosa cries, but with crocodile tears. “I want to be your wife, and if you don’t want to be my husband then I’m going to have to leave The Glass Palace.”
“A week tomorrow,” says Rooster.
Rosa glares at him with spiteful eyes. “What do you mean?”
“We will get married a week from tomorrow,” says Rooster. His eyes have intensity in them; they show a little bit of fear, though I can swear he almost seems happy. “Is that good enough for you?”
“I guess it will have to do,” says Rosa. She screams her delight, literally, and jumps into Rooster’s lap, kissing him all over the face like a slathering dog. It’s nauseating but it does make me realize that Rosa does indeed love my uncle, despite how I feel about her.
“Congratulations,” says Father. But the happy couple is oblivious. They only have eyes for each other.

After lunch I try my new pair of trousers on in my quarters, humming all the time. I have a tiny mirror, which was rescued from the bathroom of a demolished house, and I look at my reflection. They look good on me. The trousers are probably over five hundred years old but they still feel new. If Brian could see me in these trousers he’d realize he’d made a terrible mistake, dump that cow Lottie, and marry me instead.
“As if,” I mutter.
This time, though, I shrug the self-pity off quite quickly. I shove my feelings about Brian deep inside, determined not to let them interfere with my life any more, and go to visit him. There is something I have to do.

Lottie answers the door when I knock. She appears a little tired and she has dust bunnies stuck to her dress but she seems to glow with a happiness that instantly gives me pangs of jealousy. I just smile and ask her if I can see Brian for a minute or two. She lets me in. 
“I’ve been giving the place a woman’s touch,” Lottie explains, showing me around like a posh hostess. The quarters are sparse but they’re slowly filling up with bits and bobs like cushions and a table with a white frilly cover on it. I can see they are Lottie’s influence. Brian doesn’t seem like the frilly type. “Brian had the place looking so dull and lifeless! And you’d never believe what this place smelled like!  All man sweat is very nasty.”
I’m sure Brian’s man sweat smells quite pleasant.
Push those thoughts aside.
Lottie flings some long sheets of fabric into my hands. They are the color of blood. “What do you think of these new drapes for the walls?”
“Drapes?” I stammer. “I’m not sure.”
Lottie sighs. “I’m not sure about them just yet either, but I hate the color of the walls in The Glass Palace. I was hoping to speak to the mayor about putting up more drapes about the public corridors and access ways, just to brighten things up a bit. So what do you think of these?”
I hesitate. “They’re very red.”
“Brian likes red and so do I,” says Lottie, as her husband comes in from in another room. She whips the drapes from my hands. “It doesn’t cost much to make your place look nice.”
I agree with her, though in fact nothing costs us a penny. We don’t use money, not like they did in the old days. She certainly has better taste than her parents. They seem to like their living space to be one big ocean of brown. Upon witnessing a quickly hidden grimace, I assume Brian doesn’t want red drapes covering his walls as much as his wife does.
“Have you got anything in blue?” Brian asks, looking at the red fabric like it might explode in his face.
Lottie shakes her head sadly. “I asked but there’s nothing in storage. Sorry.”
Mother told me somebody had brought back some turquoise fabric just the other day. Do I dare say anything?  No, I better not. It’s their marriage. I have no right to interfere.
Lottie seems like a different person now she is married. I don’t want to say anything just in case it upsets her but she appears to have taken on her mother’s persona. Is that what marriage does to you?  Turn you into your parents?  While I don’t mind turning into my father, the thought worries me. He can be very grumpy at times.
“What can I do for you?” Brian asks. 
If he is a little distant with me, I don’t blame him. While he doesn’t know how I feel about him, he has noticed I’ve tried to avoid him these last five months and when we do speak I’m always a little off with him. I think he just assumes we blame each other for Skye’s departure. Well, my paranoia tells me he blames me. I could’ve stopped Skye and we both know it. I could’ve tried anyway. When Skye sets her mind to something not even an earthquake can shift her.
I wonder where Skye is now. Is she really trying to bring together the House of Skye, recruiting family members and bossing everyone around?  Or is she dead?  
Brian and Lottie are staring at me, worried. My mind must have wandered off while thinking of Skye. They probably think I’m an idiot. I have to say something quick to cover my embarrassment.
“Rooster and Rosa are getting married next week,” I say. This isn’t what I’ve come for!  Why did I tell them that?
“That’s nice,” says Lottie, her lips curling in distaste. “Rosa is a...wonderful woman and I’m sure your uncle and she will be very happy.”
“It’s okay, I don’t like her either,” I admit.
Lottie and Brian give each other a look that speaks volumes. I read it to mean they have something distasteful to tell me, probably about Rosa.
“It’s not that we don’t like her,” says Brian. He is going red faced, and on him it looks so adorable. “Now don’t tell Rooster or anything. She inappropriately felt my behind at my wedding feast.”
“She’s a harlot!” screams Lottie with rage. “Not that we don’t wish her and Rooster well, it’s just if she ever touches my husband in that way again I’ll give her a good thump.”
“She avoids us now,” says Brian.
I have to push back the delicious image in my head of feeling Brian’s bottom. The mere thought of it makes me flush, makes me feel tingly.
What am I really here for again?  
“There is something else I wanted to ask you,” I say nervously.
They wait for me to continue. My throat starts to feel dry. Should I ask them for a cup of water or try and get this over and done with as quickly as possible?  
“I want you to teach me how to use the bow,” I ask.
Brian looks dubious. “I’m not sure you’re ready.”
“I want to do this. I’m ready.”
  Brian sighs. “You haven’t been quite yourself lately.”
“I’ve had a lot on my mind.” 
“You’ve got a lot on your mind, yes. I don’t want you to go and hurt yourself by firing an arrow into your foot or something.”
“I wouldn’t do that,” I retort, feeling a bit silly. “Not intentionally anyway. I’d be careful.”
He appears to have genuine concern for me. He doesn’t want me to hurt myself. He’s never actually said he doesn’t like me in that way, though. What if he doesn’t want me to get injured because he...STOP KIDDING YOURSELF!  
“I need to do this,” I tell him. 
Lottie is dusting a shelf, with one eye on us. 
“I’ve been wallowing in self-pity for too long now and I’m sick of it. I know you blame me for Skye leaving. I saw her leave and I could’ve stopped her, but I didn’t, and it’s my fault she’s gone.”
“It’s not your fault,” says Brian. His compassionate words make me want to grin. “You could’ve tried to stop her, but it would’ve done no good. We were going to lock her in her quarters and keep her there until she saw sense and decided to stay. She would’ve hated us for that. Either way she would leave. I think letting her go was the best thing to do. At least this way she doesn’t hate us.”
So he doesn’t blame me. I was wrong. I feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. He doesn’t blame me!
“All I want to do is look to the future now,” I go on. “I want to learn to use the bow. I enjoyed it when we went out hunting that time with the bear. I thought I could be good at it. I’m excellent with the slingshot and I’m sure I’ll be the same with the bow.”
Brian contemplates my request. I think he’s trying to scope out my intentions. Am I completely serious about wanting to learn to use the bow?  He’d offered before, a few weeks after Skye had left, and again a week or so later, but I’d been cold with him, maybe even rude. I give him the most serious look I can bring up, a look that tells him I am confident and eager to learn. 
“Okay, fine,” says Brian. “We’ll start tomorrow morning.”
“Thank you,” I say, smiling, feeling well for the first time in months. “I promise you won’t regret this.”
“Brian is an excellent archer,” brags Lottie, bursting with pride. “He’s been teaching me!”
“She’s useless,” Brian jokes. At his wife’s outraged look he pulls her into a kiss and she giggles. “But I love her for it anyway.”
I blush, stare at the ceiling, anything to avert my eyes from such a sight. But I sneak a look anyway, and my heart almost bursts. Brian is so happy. I mumble a goodbye, promise to be up bright and early, and head for the door.
“And happy birthday by the way,” Brian calls out as I leave. I don’t feel very happy, not by a long shot, but I feel I’ll get there eventually.

Chapter 7 – The Moment

Despite quite amorous dreams of Brian during the night, I manage to be up early enough to wash and comb my hair. I don’t normally comb my hair. It’s always in a tangle and I usually prefer it that way. Today, however, I spare the effort. Yesterday marked a watershed for me. There is still a little ache in my heart, the part that misses Skye and dreams of Brian, and the thought of becoming mayor, but I’m confident that I’m getting past that now. I’m happy for the first time since I came home from my Journey. I now have something to work toward, to occupy my thoughts. I will learn to use the bow and I will be good at it.
While I’m tugging on my boots, I hear a loud crash next door. Someone is in Skye’s room. They are looting!  Either that or she’s back, just like most of us predicted would happen. Curious, I leave my own quarters and knock on her door.
A boy a little younger than me answers. He has brown skin and no hair on his head. I know him, of course. It’s Flynn Tennant-Casper, whose family had moved into The Glass Palace two years ago. I don’t know him that well, haven’t even spoken to him, though I’m pretty sure one of his sisters had put in a betrothal bid to marry me. 
“What do you want?” he snarls with a scowl. He looks like he’s just gotten up, and there is a mess of sheets on the floor behind him. 
“What are you doing in here?” I demand. I’m so outraged I can barely control my anger.
“Why do you want to know?”
“Skye lives here.”
“She’s dead,” says Flynn, outclassing me in coldness.
“She’s not dead! She’s starting her own House and what if she comes back here and finds someone has moved into her quarters?”
“She’s not coming back. You can have her stuff if you want. I’m only going to dump it in supplies.”
I can’t believe he’s saying this. He has no right to put all Skye’s belongings into supplies. Skye would be horrified to find people pawing through her stuff!  
“Fine. I’ll take the lot. Don’t damage anything.”
“It’s a load of crap anyway,” he says, slamming the door in my face.
I’ve never felt more infuriated in my life. My hands are bunched into fists and I really, really want to hit something; preferably, something called Flynn.

I bump into Brian and Lottie at the giant notice board in the center of The Glass Palace. I give it a quick cursory glance, assuming there won’t be much to pique my interest, but I’m proven wrong. Aside from Rooster and Rosa’s wedding notice, there is a note from a recent returnee. He reports that a recent god clash has leveled the city of Bradford. Watchers estimate the city had been destroyed in less than a minute. The same returnee had also visited Liverpool, where the House of Stone had recently welcomed refugees from North America. Apparently the entire state of Florida had been cracked in half; thousands had died. The blame lay at the feet of the gods again. It seems they are becoming quite aggressive lately.
Brian and Lottie are inspecting a small note, which I can’t quite make out. I edge closer to see; a family is giving away a crib that they don’t need any more as their baby has died from pneumonia. I recall hearing about baby Cyan Reich-Casper’s death.
 “I’m not sure I could put a baby of mine in something that another baby died in,” Lottie remarks. “I think it’ll cause bad luck.”
“It’ll be a perfectly good crib,” says Brian.
“I’m sorry but I won’t use it.”
I can’t believe what I’m hearing. They’d only been married just over a week and Lottie is pregnant already! The thought of him being with someone else revolts me. Wait a minute; hadn't I vowed to put this stupid crush behind me?  
I walk up and give them a genuine smile. I suppose they do make a nice couple. They’d sure have nice babies anyway.
“Are you pregnant?” I ask Lottie.
“I’m not entirely sure but I have been getting some morning sickness lately.” Lottie squeals in delight. I’ve never seen anyone look so ecstatic before in my life. “I think I might be a month gone.”
I’m about to add that they’ve only been married eight days but decide to keep my opinions to myself. 
“That’s wonderful,” I proclaim, surprising myself that I’m genuinely pleased for them. “Have you told your parents?”
“I told them earlier today.  It was such a nice surprise for them!”
She kisses Brian on the cheek, tells him she’s going home, and skips away. I mean literally skips. Lottie was in such a buoyant mood, I half expected her to float. It is very, very hard right then not to like her.
“You’ll feel like this one day,” says Brian, clapping me on the shoulder in a fatherly way. He’s only eighteen months older than me!  “You’ll get married and you’ll experience the joys of fatherhood. Just you wait!”
“I don’t think I’ll ever get married,” I sulk.
“I know you had some trouble adjusting to being back here, which is why you called off all the betrothal bids, but if I were you I’d get back in there. You never know what might happen.”
“I suppose,” I grumble.
It’s then that I catch a whiff of something. Brian is close to me and, remembering what Lottie had complained of earlier, I sniff him. His sweat invades my nostrils and stirs something within me so primal I can barely contain myself. I have never been so aroused in all my life.
Right now I can’t see a future without Brian in it. He is advising me to find somebody. I can deny it all if I want to. I can try to push the feelings aside and forget about him. He smells so good and I know deep inside that I’m in love with Brian and I don’t want to not feel it.  Why should I?

For our first lesson, Brian guides me to a small archery range he’s set up next to the forest. He is the most skilled archer in the House and is often called upon to teach new recruits, even sometimes from other Houses and villages. For some insane reason I imagine I’m the only one who has him as a teacher, that he is a special gift solely for me. As it turns out, his wife and at least five others are under his excellent tutelage. I’m not so special after all, but for now I have Brian all to myself.
He gives me one of his old bows to start with. Later on he will teach me to make my own, a bow that fits my own specifications. I figure it will be quite easy. The bow and the slingshot aren’t that different from each other.
Brian is amused by my arrogance, which makes me feel foolish. I will wow him with my ability!
“Show me what you can do,” he teases, grinning.
“I will surprise you.” 
I don’t surprise him. Aiming is considerably more difficult with the bow. The bow is a great big unwieldy thing that’s designed to make firing an arrow as difficult as possible. I keep shooting my arrows all over the place. Not one of them hits the very large, very red target. It’s embarrassing. My face reddens and I feel like a failure, even though Brian never jokes about my incompetence. He just laughs a bit.
“It’s not funny,” I sulk. “There’s something wrong with my bow.”
“There’s nothing wrong with the bow.” He comes closer to me, making me feel more nervous. “The bow just needs to be used properly.”
“I’m trying. I’m really trying. I’m used to using my slingshot and I thought they would be similar.”
“Learn to use every weapon as if you’ve never touched another in your life,” Brian tells me. He holds his own bow in front of my face, turning it around for me to inspect. “No weapon is the same. If you knew how to fire a gun, you wouldn’t necessarily know how to stab someone with a knife.”
“Can you teach me how to use a gun?” I ask, a little excited. We have guns but they’re locked up tight and only used in dire emergencies. Our bullet supply is strictly limited and only certain people are allowed to use our guns. Bullets are on everybody’s shopping list when they head outside, but it’s very hard to find any.
“Even I don’t know how to use a gun,” says Brian. He seems to be a little peeved. “Your father only allows certain people to use them.”
“I’ll have a word with my father. I’m sure I can get him to help you.”
Brian blushes. “Thanks. I’d like that.”
I hold onto his gratitude like it is the greatest gift in the universe. 
“Let’s get on with it,” says Brian.
After an hour, I figure I’m getting familiar with the mechanics of the bow. I hit the target now, just barely, and I’m proud of that. The only thing that starts to hinder my progress is my arms. They ache abominably and need a rest before we continue any further. Brian tells me we aren’t done yet when I beg for respite. He’s certainly a hard taskmaster, though I don’t find it makes him any less attractive in my eyes. He wants me to master this craft and I love that he pushes me, even though I’m tired.
He hands me a small towel to wipe the sweat off, and after I’ve finished, I take a swig of water from my flask. 
“You need to drink more water,” says Brian.
“I forget.”
Another hour passes and I’m at breaking point. I’m firing off arrow after arrow. When I’m done with that, I have I go over to the target, pick all the fallen arrows up, go back, and start firing them all over again. It’s hard work and I’m on the verge of collapsing but it’s worth it. 
As I put another arrow in place, ready to go further, and try to aim for the middle of the target, I pull the string back and feel a muscle explode in my arm. I scream in pain and shoot the arrow off. It flies wide of the target and rockets into the trees. Inside the forest, a voice yells in surprise.
Brian looks at me. “I think you hit someone.”
“Did you have other students watching us that I didn’t know about?” I ask him, a little annoyed but more concerned about the agony in my arm.
“No.” He sprints for the forest and I follow him. Something is very wrong here. Someone has been watching us, spying on us, and I might have accidentally killed him or her.
We search around the area where the arrow flew but find nothing at first. It’s only after a couple of minutes searching through the undergrowth that we find my arrow. Its tip is covered in blood and black fur, like that of an animal.
“It was a Felum,” says Brian, sniffing the blood. “I think... though it doesn’t smell like Felum blood.”
I don’t dare ask how he knows what Felum blood smells like. I only feel a great sense of guilt that I’ve harmed something, even if it was by accident.
“Why would a Felum be spying on us?” I wonder. “They’re not intelligent enough for something like that.”
“Maybe they are and we just don’t know it. We don’t know a thing about them; where they came from, what they think. What if they’re as intelligent as us but we were just too conceited to realize it?”
“They’re just bloodthirsty creatures acting on instinct,” I insist. “The Felum had probably wandered off from its tribe and got lost or something and thought we were an easy snack.”
Brian inspects the ground a tad more and says, “Maybe you’re right. But this bears looking into a bit more. I don’t ever want the House to be surprised.”
He sticks the bloody arrow back into his quiver and walks back out of the forest. I follow him and am about to inquire about what exactly the House does know about the Felum, when I hear a bush rustle a few feet behind me. I whip my head around and notice a blur out of the corner of my eye, a figure going behind a larger tree further in. It is definitely a Felum. It has some sort of bloody gash on its arm where the arrow must have hit. If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear it is the same Felum that saved me from the gods. But why would he be hanging around the forest, watching me have archery lessons?  It doesn’t make any sense. Maybe he really was a spy after all. Maybe he followed me back to The Glass Palace. Still, that doesn’t make any sense either. If this Felum had followed me back it would have led its tribe against us months ago.
“Are you coming?” Brian calls. He’s plucking all the arrows out of the target. It appears that he hasn’t heard the Felum rushing through the trees. For some reason that makes me glad. This Felum means me no harm, I can understand that much. Otherwise it would have killed me all those months ago. I don’t doubt that if it wants me dead, it could charge out and murder me now without too much effort. What does it want?  
“You should get your shoulder looked at,” says Brian.
“Thanks,” I say absent-mindedly. I’m still gazing back into the forest, hoping to catch sight of the Felum again. “I will.”
He suddenly takes hold of my arms in his grip and begins to feel the muscles in my shoulder. I should wonder what he’s doing but I don’t want him to stop. His touch is like balm to my skin. 
So I kiss him on the lips.
I have a moment to taste him before he pushes me away.
“What are you doing?” he roars. 
“I thought you wanted me to kiss you.”
“I was trying to massage your muscles so it wouldn’t hurt as much,” states Brian, clearly more offended than I think he has a right to be. “I thought you knew I’d been trained in forms of massage therapy?”
I do know that, yes, but it must have slipped my mind as I felt his warm hands touching my body. I’m such an idiot. I’ve ruined everything. There is no way now he’ll consent to give me any more archery lessons! 
“I’m sorry,” I plead, trying to look in his eyes. He won’t let me. “I’m really sorry.”
The sky is darkening above with rain clouds and the shadows they cast seem to mock my foolishness and me. 
“What did you kiss me for?” he asks, calming down a bit.
I blush furiously. “It’s just that I... there was obviously a reason why I did it and I... please, Brian, don’t make me say it.”
I can’t tell him how I feel about him, not ever, even as he demands to know the truth. I just can’t say it.
Brian sighs. “I should have seen it. You weren’t strange with me because you thought I blamed you for Skye leaving, were you?  You were in love with me and you didn’t want me marrying Lottie.”
I nod. I’m so ashamed of myself.
“I love Lottie,” Brian states loudly, almost shouting. “We’re married and have a baby on the way. You have to understand that I don’t love you.”
With my throat growing thicker and making it harder to breathe I say, “I think I know that now.”
“I’m sorry if I’m being cruel but it’s the truth.”
“There’s not even a chance you could like me that way?”
“Never.”
And just like that all my hopes are dashed. Brian orders me to come with him and tell Father about the Felum. He informs me that if I ever tell Lottie what I’ve done or if I try to kiss him again, then our friendship is over. I can’t bear to be near him and not be with him, so after we arrive back at The Glass Palace, I run straight back to my quarters and slam the door behind me. I never take the time to notice that Flynn has dumped all Skye’s belongings haphazardly all over my floor. I just climb in bed and cry.

Chapter 8 – No Hope

The joyous news of Lottie’s unexpected pregnancy courses around The Glass Palace with ease. Such gossip always spreads quickly, as does most about births, marriages and deaths. The entire House is ecstatic for them, wishes them well, and prays it will rain on the day she gives birth, signifying the child will have a life free of illness and worry. I’m happy for them. I know they’ll make excellent parents, and I really do want Brian to live a good life. 
I tell myself I’m an idiot. I’m supposed to have put all this behind me!  How could I have kissed him like that?  I love Brian, at least I think I do, and it’s difficult to get him out of my head. Maybe, I won’t ever get over him. The thought that I might pine for this unattainable man my entire life brings out in me such a panic I can’t eat.
Three days after the incident, a knock on my door jolts me wide-awake in an instant. It’s early; I hadn’t expected to be getting up at the crack of dawn today. Who on earth is it?  I bet it’s that Flynn from next door. I knew he wanted to cause me trouble the moment I set eyes on him. I’ll show him he can’t mess with me!
I jump out of bed and make for the door. I trip over Skye’s hammock, which is rolled into a ball. I fall onto a pile of magazines (also belonging to Skye) and end up feeling pain swell up abominably from my shoulder. What was I supposed to do with all this?  I should’ve just let Flynn put it all in supplies. I know Skye is never coming back, whether she’s dead or alive. Why do I have to be so stubborn?
The door opens as I get to my feet. It’s Brian. He’s looking at me with amusement and I’m so embarrassed I want to hide under my bed sheets. Not because he sees me sprawled on the floor, but because I’m wearing only a pair of shorts, and I’ve just woken up. I’m having such an erection that he had to be blind not to notice it. This is the worst moment of my life.
“Am I still teaching you archery or not?” Brian asks. I’m eternally grateful that he doesn’t say anything.
I mumble, “I didn’t think...after what happened the other day...”
“I was glad you didn’t turn up for lessons because I was a little embarrassed, but as far as I’m concerned the events of the other day never happened,” Brian states, his voice brooking no dissent. “Am I clear on that?”
“Yes,” I answer, relieved.
He smiles and heads out. Just as I am about to shut the door and get dressed, he turns to me and says, “Try to think about something disgusting. It usually works to bring it down for me when I wake up with one of those.”
I hear him laugh, and I think him cruel, even though I suppose it is, in a way, amusing. I’m glad he has a sense of humor about this. If he had been angry and bitter about me kissing him, it would’ve made things so much worse. As things stand now, Brian is willing to forget anything happened. But can I do the same?  I don’t think I’ll ever be able to forget the way his lips felt pressed against mine, or his outrage, ever again.

Mother and Father are near the archery range when we arrive that morning. They seem to be mightily interested in the patch of forest where I’d accidentally shot the Felum. 
Father is sniffing the ground when he says, “What Brian told me worries me. There has to be some explanation for this.”
Mother is holding two tiny Felum hairs. They are long and black. She is inspecting them like they could suddenly give up the secrets of the universe. I’ve never seen Mother so focused on something before.
“I’ll look through all the books we have on the Felum,” says Mother, slipping the hairs into a pocket. “We haven’t got much, though. It’s mostly just random stuff from travelers that we’ve accumulated over the years.”
“Any information we have is worth knowing,” says Father. He looks at me, his face serious. “Do you have anything to add?”
I know I should tell him the truth about my encounter with the Felum. It could be important. What if that Felum eventually does lead a raid on the House and people die?  I’d never forgive myself for keeping something so important hidden from them. So I tell my parents, and Brian, the truth about what really happened that day, about who saved me from the gods.
“Is that everything?” Father demands. 
“Yes. That’s everything.”
“Why would he save you?” Mother wonders. “Not that I won’t be eternally grateful; it just seems an odd thing to do.”
“He didn’t attack you or try to eat you?” Brian asks.
I shake my head. “He seemed almost kind. It’s hard to explain. I just had this feeling that he didn’t really mean me any harm.”
My parents look at each other, worried. They probably think I was too addled with fright at the time and didn’t know what I was saying. I have to assure them I’m telling the truth.
“I was as surprised as you were but it’s the truth,” I say. “And I think the Felum I shot yesterday was the same one that saved me.”
“How would you know that?” Father asks.
I squirm. “I saw him running away. It was the same one, I’m almost positive.”
“You never told me that,” says Brian, a little angry.
“I was distracted at the time,” I say. Brian leaves it at that, which confirms for me that he hasn’t told anyone that I kissed him. I’m relieved about that. I don’t want the whole House laughing behind my back.
Father seems to come to a decision. “So the Felum saved you and followed you back here to spy on you. This still begs the question of why; is he a spy, or is he something else?”
“How do we find out which?” Mother asks.
“We wait for him to come back. If he comes back. I want to know what he wants.”
“You think he’s specifically spying on Ben or the House in general?” Mother wonders. It’s like Brian and I don’t exist anymore. Mother and Father are only talking to each other.
“I’d say he was spying on Ben, mainly due to the fact that he saved our son’s life. What do you think?”
“I agree. I better go and get those books out. I’ll get some of my students to help me. They might enjoy it.”
Father kisses Mother. “Love you.”
“Love you, too,” she says, walking away.
My parents sometimes act like a young married couple. I suppose they are still relatively young, with them both being thirty-three. I know I won’t ever be in love like they are, or have someone feel that way about me. I hate being so pathetic but I can’t help it.
“What do you think, son?” Father asks.
I’m momentarily confused. “About what?”
Father sighs. My depression of the last five months has been quite hard on my father. I didn't want to tell him what was wrong and he hadn’t asked me about it. He probably thinks that I’m getting back to normal now that I’m having archery lessons with Brian. Then again, Father has only really known me as a child.
“The Felum,” Father reminds me. “Do you have any idea why it would follow you?”
I don’t know what to say. There is any number of reasons why this particular Felum is spying on us. It could be after food or somewhere new to live. He could have wandered into the area by accident and been hiding because he was scared we might see him and kill him. 
“Maybe he was just checking up on me,” I suggest, suddenly thinking maybe I’m right. “He did save my life after all. He probably wanted to see if I was alright.”
“Which still begs the question; why does it care?” says Father.
“If you saved someone’s life, then you’d want him or her to stay alive.”
“A human might think that, but not a Felum.”
I suddenly feel very protective of my savior. The fact still remains that he saved my life. It was a very human thing to do, and I remind my father of this.
“They eat humans,” father says gravely. “Remember that.”
“He wouldn’t eat me!”
“Don’t shout at me,” Father growls. “Until we find out more about what this thing is up to, I suggest you think of it as the enemy.”
After this, my father leaves. As mayor, he has a lot to occupy his time, but I have a feeling that right now he wants to be away from me. He can’t understand what I feel. That Felum saved me. I at least owe him something, even if that is defending him against Father.

Ten minutes into my archery lesson, several more students join us, which sours my mood a little. I want these lessons to include just Brian and myself. Not that I have any illusions any more that he fancies me, it’s just I don’t want to share him.
One of the new students is Tara Flavia-Casper, another one of my betrothal bids who appears to hold a grudge against me. The other is my new neighbor, Flynn. The very fact that neither of them likes me very much makes me suspicious. Has Brian invited them on purpose to act as some sort of barrier just in case I try to kiss him again?  
As time goes on, I realize I am being a little paranoid. They are his regular students and Brian had put them off one day so he could devote extra time to me. This also means they dislike me even more, but I’m not bothered. Flynn isn’t my friend and I don’t want him to be. As for Tara I think I had a lucky break by not marrying her. She is the most miserable and egotistical girl I’ve ever met. I’d have preferred Lottie to her any day.
Something does become remarkably clear though, as the lesson progresses that morning. I have deluded myself into thinking my lessons have been going swimmingly and that I’m a genius when it comes to archery. That is not the case. It turns out I’m completely useless at it. 
Flynn and Tara are so much better at it than me. True, they have been practicing a lot longer, but they seem to have such natural talent for it. 
“How long have you been having lessons?” I ask Tara as Flynn scores a bull’s-eye. 
“A few months now, on and off, when I can get the time,” Tara explains. She has black hair cut very short, and her nose appears bulky. Had she broken it at one time?  “Brian is such a wonderful teacher. He makes learning easy.”
Tara gives Brian a wave and smiles. “He actually put in a bid to marry me one time but I declined. I wasn’t ready to get married back then.”
“Lucky you,” I mutter.
“What was that?”
“Nothing.”
Tara sighs. “Flynn is so good at this it makes me want to hit him. Still, thank goodness I’m not as useless as you.”
I laugh, holding in my anger. “Nobody could be as useless as me.”
“You can say that again,” Flynn mumbles.
Something isn’t right. I’m really, really good at aiming the slingshot. It comes so easy to me, it’s like the weapon is part of my arm. So why am I so bad at using the bow?  There has to be a reason. When I look at Brian, stretching his arms, and my insides stir at the sight of how beautiful he is, I suddenly realize why. Brian is distracting me. I’m so obsessed with my crush or love or whatever it is, that it’s affecting my lessons. 
I turn to Brian, who is watching me in earnest.
“Are you okay?” he asks. 
“I shouldn’t be here,” I say, feeling quite dejected. “I’m not even very good at this, and after what happened…”
“It’s like I said; it never happened.”
I come in close to him so the others can’t hear. “It did happen, though. I’m sorry.”
Brian shuffles back a step so he’s not as close to me. He doesn’t trust me. He can’t stand to be near me. The kiss hasn’t been forgotten at all. If I didn’t know any better, I’d swear that he’d been forced into teaching me.
A sudden thought comes to me. “Is my father making you do this?”
“I teach everyone archery. Nobody forces me.”
“I’m not stupid. You ask Father if you can teach me archery and he says yes, and then suddenly you’re not doing that anymore. He ordered you to teach me whether you liked it or not.”
“That’s a lie,” says Brian, visibly seething. “He didn’t order me.  He just suggested politely that I continue with your lessons.”
“Forget it,” I say angrily. “I’m going for a walk.”
He doesn’t even try to stop me.
As Tara takes her turn, I wander over to the edge of the forest. I’m heartbroken over the way Brian is acting, but I find my eyes are searching for something. I half expect my Felum to be here, spying on me for whatever nefarious or benign purpose it has in its savage mind.  I find nothing but just the trees and the grass and the butterflies.  
Before I know what I’m doing, I'm stepping into the forest. The boughs of the great trees shield the sun from me, and the wings of butterflies caress my face as they flutter gently by. I can hear the birds singing at volumes I’ve never heard before. It certainly is peaceful and serene. It brings back such wonderful memories of the life I’d previously led outside.
As I wade further in, the shouts of Tara and Flynn echo behind me, telling me it’s my turn. I tune out any noise or thought of them. In my mind they don’t exist. The only thing present in my universe in this space and time is the beauty of nature. 
I sit on a fallen log, musing. I recall the time when I’d sheltered inside the hollowed out remains of a massive oak tree. It had been raining so heavily the drops of water had actually hurt when hitting my head, and I’d needed somewhere to take shelter. I was surprised to notice it standing quite near me. It had kept the rain off me all night, and I had slept as peacefully as I’d ever slept before. No bed or hammock could ever compare to the experiences I had sleeping under the night sky. 
“What is your name?” a timid voice inquires.
I look up, expecting a member of the House. It is a very human sounding voice after all. Instead I find myself looking into the eyes of a Felum. He has a bandage around his left arm and a spear in his right. I don’t move a muscle, and neither does he. I reach down for the knife hanging in the sheathe on my belt and stand up, tense and ready to pounce. He may have saved me once but there is no telling what he’s going to do this time. This particular Felum is unpredictable and this thought scares me.
The Felum laughs and launches towards me, spear held straight out. I dive to the ground a mere second before the weapon would’ve punctured my chest and kick at the Felum’s legs. He grunts and stabs the spear down to impale my face but I flip onto my feet and slash towards him with my knife. The blade narrowly misses his injured arm and he roars and uses his free hand to backhand me across the face.
“You fight well,” says the Felum.
“Why are you spying on me?” I shout at him. Instead of answering my question he comes at me again, swinging his spear around his head like a baton of death. 
All of a sudden, the Felum halts. I take the opportunity to go at him with my knife. He just hits me in the stomach with the other end of his spear and I double over with painful cramps.
“We must stop this,” says the Felum. “I merely asked for your name.”
“My name is Ben.” My stomach is terribly sore. “You came all the way out here and attacked me just to learn my name?”
“I wanted to fight you again. You are adequate.”
I hold the knife out toward him. I’m not going to take any more chances. If he comes at me again I will kill him. His stance reveals to me he isn’t prepared for another attack, though I can’t be sure. A cat can pounce without warning.
“Sit down,” asks the Felum. 
“Why should I? You’ll kill me.”
“Please. You know I mean you no harm.”
I sigh and sit back down on the fallen log. If he even tries anything again I’ll be ready, even though he’s right; I believe he means me no harm. If the fight had continued, he would never have hurt me.
Suddenly, I feel the tip of the spear under my chin. The Felum regards me with curiosity. Perhaps I’ve been wrong; perhaps he does mean me harm after all.

Chapter 9 – Conversation with a Felum

The cold metal of the spear tickles my Adam’s apple. All he has to do is push and I’m dead. Any other Felum would do it in a heartbeat. Most strange humans would do the same, especially in a world where people kill each other for food. But this isn’t any ordinary Felum. It’s the one who saved me; the one I accidentally shot with an arrow. Perhaps he wants revenge for harming him?
“I am called Kar,” says the Felum. 
I try to say something, and then remember the spear against my throat. If I even so much as breathe a sigh I’ll end up with a pierced windpipe. 
Kar continues. “Kar is shorthand for a far longer name, one with syllables no human could possibly replicate.”
The Felum have names?  They have nicknames?  I’m surprised, though it does make sense. They can talk among themselves so it’s only natural that they’d have names.
“Are you going to kill me?”
“I have killed humans before,” Kar says without a hint of emotion. “You would not be the first or the last.”
“You said you meant me no harm,” I remind him, feeling the spear cutting into me. A trickle of blood dribbles down my neck and onto my chest. 
“I won’t cut your throat.”
He pulls the spear away and sticks it in the ground. I start to breathe properly again, hoping against hope that he won’t point that thing against me ever again. I owe him my life, but I won’t hesitate to kill him if he tries to harm me. I’d feel terrible guilt afterwards, but I’d do it. 
I touch my neck but there is barely a scratch there. My imagination had been fooling me, thinking that maybe I had a gash the size of the Great Crater Lake. 
“I am tired,” says Kar. 
I’m not sure how to respond. What am I supposed to say?  We are two different species. We’re enemies. We have no common ground whatsoever apart from the fact that we had witnessed the gods fighting each other. I open my mouth to say something but nothing comes out.
 “The wound on my arm throbs,” says Kar. “I’ve gotten worse injuries in the past but this hurts a lot.”
“I’m sorry about that. It was an accident.”
“I know. You are not very good with that bow weapon.”
I start at that. “I’m practicing.”
“The bow is a formidable weapon in the art of war if you are able to master it properly,” Kar explains, puffing his chest out with obvious pride. “I am the best archer in my tribe.”
I hesitate before replying with, “Congratulations.”
“You should be grateful,” says Kar, whose arrogance is a little disquieting. “If it wasn’t for my skill then you would be dead.”
I have no idea what he’s talking about. Since when had he saved my life with his archery skills?  And then it comes to me. I hadn’t really thought about it that much since that day.
“You shot that horned bear,” I say.
He lowers his head sadly. “It pained me to do it but she was in a rage and I didn’t want her to kill you.”
I pause. “Her?”
“The Felum breed horned bears. We use them to ride on. We use them in battle. She was neither of those things. She was just a friend.”
I suddenly grow angry. “She was starved and she was covered in scars. Is that how you treat a friend?”
He growls at me. “I rescued her from another tribe many years ago. They didn’t care for their animals as much as my tribe did. They were cruel and callous. So I stole her. But then, six months ago, a healer from that tribe was visiting and saw her and demanded I give her back to him. My elders didn’t want a war and so she was given back.” He looks so desperately sad. “I followed them to make sure they were okay and when given the chance, she gored her new owner with her horn and ran away into the forest. I spent days looking for her. She didn’t know how to look after herself and so she grew hungry. That was why I was there that day to save you from the gods. I was looking for her.”
“I’m sorry you had to kill her,” I say, really meaning it.
“So am I.”
He sits on the log next to me. I don’t dare move or react to his presence. What is he up to?  Am I his hostage?  I don’t feel like his hostage, but I can’t be entirely sure on that point. 
It’s now painfully obvious he has come here specifically for me. I don’t know how I know that, maybe it’s just the way he looks at me, but I know. If anyone else but me had found him in the woods today, I have no doubt that person would be dead now.
The Felum wears a belt around his waist. From it he unhooks some sort of leather flask and drinks some water out of it.  His tongue appears to be quite human, almost identical to mine.  I look away when he finds me staring at him. There are a few domesticated cats that live in The Glass Palace and they can become quite tetchy if you stare at them for too long.
“Do you require water?” he asks, holding out the bottle to me.
“I’m okay.”
“The other human told you to drink more. You will become ill if you do not take more water. A fellow tribesman of mine got bad insides from not drinking enough. He nearly died.”
“You sound like my mother,” I say. I carefully accept the bottle from him and take a tentative sip. The water is crisp and cool and quite metallic. It’s a lot fresher than the water I’m used to.
“Thanks,” I say, handing him his bottle back. He nods his head at me and hooks the bottle back on his belt. 
“I wasn’t sure if humans drank water or not.”
“Of course we do,” I say, wanting to laugh. “Why would we not?”
“My tribe is under the impression that humans live solely off vegetables.” He sounds amused, too. “I did too until I saw you and the other human drinking water three days ago.”
“Humans drink water and eat meat.”
Kar’s ear twitches. “Human meat?”
“Of course not. That’s disgusting.”
“I agree. I refuse to eat human meat like the rest of the Felum in my tribe, even if it makes them think I am weak.”
We sit in silence for a few more awkward seconds. What can I possibly say to him?  This is the most bizarre situation I’ve ever found myself in. It’s like the Felum wants to talk to me about something. Maybe I should say something, ask a question?  There is a lot I don’t understand about his motives that I need to know.
“Why did you save me?” I ask.
Kar still looks away from me as he says, “I don’t recall the reason.”
Kar is not a very good liar. Perhaps the Felum don’t lie to each other and he just isn’t used to deception.
“Surely you had to have had a reason. Even if it was just something you did out of instinct.”
“Yes, maybe it was instinct.”
He’s lying again. I tell him so bluntly and he growls a bit. Maybe I’ve pushed him too far. He could rip my throat out at any second and there’s not a thing I can do about it.
“I saved you because I could,” Kar replies. He appears calmer. The sun shines off his silky black fur, making it look almost glittery. I have this overwhelming urge to stroke it, though he’d probably kill me if I tried. He’s hardly a normal house cat.
“You didn’t save me because you didn’t want me to die then?” I ask, half joking. 
“The thought never crossed my mind.” His tone is deadly serious. “Yet I did feel oddly gratified at having saved a life, instead of taking it.”
“I’m glad.”
“Even if the life I saved was the life of a lowly human.”
 “Most Felum wouldn’t save a human.”
“I am not like most Felum.”
He’s right about that. Brian had said this particular Felum’s blood had tasted different than others of its kind, and as far as I know the Felum can’t speak nearly as eloquently as Kar. From what I’d heard they can only make out a few dozen words of English at best, and even then they speak with a sort of guttural snarl, like lions trying to roar and speak at the same time. Maybe the Felum have smart members of their tribe?  What if the intelligent members are the leaders, or doctors?  Is Kar actually in charge?
“Why are you different?” I wonder out loud.
He stares defiantly at me, and I decide to change the subject. I don’t want to upset him any further.
“Did you follow me here?” I ask him, getting to what worries me most.
“No.”
I hear something in the bushes. For a moment I think that Brian or one of the other students has followed me. I don’t want them to kill Kar or accuse me of betraying the House. It’s not like we’re doing anything wrong, really. We’re just talking. When a rabbit hops on by, nose twitching and tail bobbing, I give a sigh of relief.
I’m not doing anything wrong.
“The Felum already know of your home but they are superstitious of it,” Kar explains, eyes greedily watching the rabbit as it skips out of view.
“They believe that glass and mirrors can steal your soul and so they do not come near, though they have wished often for the chance to eat members of your House. I have no such fears about something so silly.”
“I think my soul is still here.” I pat my head, assuming that is where my soul resides. I know what a soul is, from a book I’ve read, but don’t really understand the concept and the theory that comes with it. It’s too connected with the old religions of the past and the new world tries to stay as far away from religion as possible. It’s not easy, what with gods flying around everywhere but it can be done.
“Do you believe in the soul?” I ask him.
“Yes.” He actually smiles. “The cat goddess, Jasmine, granted my people a soul when she was freed from her celestial prison many centuries ago. We worship her in appreciation for that.”
So there is another god out there besides the two that uses the planet as their playground? Am I the only human who knows about this? Why does this Jasmine sit back and do nothing while Tornado and Blue Hair destroy the world?
I have a feeling that right now I’m learning more about the Felum culture than all of Mother’s books put together. How I would explain the source for this information is another matter. 
I fetch a leaf from the ground to stop me from fidgeting. “So why did you come?”
“I was curious.”
“What about?”
He looks at me with eyes that are so human.  Surely that can’t be possible?  Maybe it can; the Felum do look more or less human, apart from all the obvious cat parts. “I was just curious.” I can see his tail, long with short hairs, slowly swishing behind him as it curls over the log. I hadn’t noticed his tail before. He must have had it tucked into his trousers.
“I’m just a lowly human,” I mock. “There’s nothing remotely interesting about me.”
“I needed to know why I saved your life.”
I’m confused. I thought we’d been over this already? “You said you saved me because you could.” I can hear Brian shouting for me in the distance. He sounds very far away. I must have travelled further than I’d thought into the forest. I hope I haven’t caused him too much trouble by disappearing like this.
“That was true,” says Kar, almost mumbling. 
Kar’s tail seems to flip into a question mark shape and his ears twitch. They hadn’t so much as moved when the rabbit flitted past us. What does he sense this time?
“Someone is approaching us,” Kar warns. He stands up, yanks his spear back up out of the ground. He takes the stance of a warrior, alert, ready to battle, and prepared to kill. I instinctively pull out my own knife. I have only taken the life of animals before, never a fellow human or a Felum, but I know I could do it if I had to.
“What is it?” I ask. I can’t see, smell or hear anything but I trust Kar. The Felum has enhanced sight and hearing. He could smell danger from a mile away for all I know.
“I must leave,” says Kar, stalking away. “I won’t come again.”
“Wait!” I call, but he ignores me. He leaps through the forest with a grace and precision I admire and then he’s gone.
“I want you to come again,” I whisper.
He may be the enemy, and his tribe may eat humans, but after this episode I find myself thinking of him as something more than an enemy. 
Just when I’m about to head back to the target range, I hear something. I’m not quite sure what it is. At first, it seems strange but, as it gets louder, I recognize it easily. Someone is humming. I don’t recognize the tune, but it sounds jolly and happy. I hope whoever it is doesn’t bump into Kar. I expect they might kill each other.
I slide my knife back into its sheathe. I don’t want to alarm anyone, and make him or her think I’m out to rob them. Thieves and gaggles are a common occurrence in the outside world. I had even been robbed while on my Journey although the thief didn’t take anything with him apart from a great big knife wound to his leg.   People defend their belongings viciously.
“...lucky, lucky, lucky...I should be so lucky in love...” the person starts to sing. 
I creep closer.
“...is it my imagination or is this...”
The singer strolls into view. He stops, surprised at seeing me. I recognize him. It’s the small man with the giant backpack that I’d spied Father and Uncle Rooster having a secret meeting with. As I inspect the stranger from afar, I can see that his right hand has been chopped off. He starts to say something. He slumps forward instead, landing face down in the dirt. 

Chapter 10 – Crossing the Line

I run to him as fast as I can, almost tripping over tree roots in the process. Remembering what I've been taught, I heave the heavy pack off his back, move him onto his back, and put my ear to his heart to check if it’s still beating. The man's heart gives a beat, though it’s irregular. I sit back on the ground with a sigh. He’s alive, for the time being at least.
After thirty seconds of dithering about what to do next, I come up with a plan. I need to get this man back to The Glass Palace and quickly, but he looks too heavy for me to carry alone. He needs urgent treatment and I don't know enough about medicine to do anything. I haven't even brought my first aid kit with me. I didn't think I'd need it.
"Brian!" I call.
I turn back to the man and pull out my knife. I need to stem the flow of blood coming from the stump. I use my knife to cut off a piece of fabric from the man's shirt and, after carefully peeling off the bloody bandage and tossing it aside, I press the cloth against the wound. Blood soaks through it immediately.
"Brian!" I shout, my voice so loud I hurt my throat. "I need help!"
I look down at the man as I tear off another piece of his shirt. His eyes flicker open and he looks at me. He starts rambling and shaking, seemingly a panic attack. I have to calm him down.
"Try not to move," I say to him. "You're badly injured."
"My backpack," he mumbles, his healthy hand reaching out for his possession like it’s the most precious treasure. Just as his little finger is about to touch it, his arm flops and he falls into unconsciousness once again.
As it seemed to matter to him, I pick it up and hide it under a bush. I can come back for it later.
I hear excited talking and rustling leaves. I find myself eagerly anticipating Brian's arrival, despite the circumstances.  My heart doesn't care. I feel slightly disappointed when Flynn and Tara emerge, even when they rush to my aid.
"Who's he?" Flynn demands.
"I don't know," I say. "We need to get him back to The Glass Palace quickly. I think he might die. Help me carry him!"
Tara lets out a disgusted sigh but, with Flynn's help, we manage to lift the man up on our shoulders. He’s heavy, and his clothes smell stale and dirty, but it isn't a problem for me. I’m more eager to save his life, and a little curious about what is bulging from the dozens of pockets all over his coat and trousers. He appears to be carrying a lot with him. What sort of curiosities does he have concealed within?
We meet Brian in the forest, who has heard my calls but just assumes I’ve been messing around. I’m a little annoyed at that, as I’m not the type to mess around, but I forgive him. His help with the injured man is much appreciated. 
Waiting outside the entrance to The Glass Palace are my parents, Uncle Rooster, and Rosa. I can’t think how they know about this. I just assume one of them must have seen Brian rushing off in a panic and had called the others. They do seem mightily interested, though. 
“What happened?” Father asks as we head inside.
“I heard someone shouting in the forest and I went to see who it was,” I explain, the lies coming easily to my lips. I can’t tell them I’ve just had a delightfully humane chat with a Felum. “He was about to tell me something when he just keeled over. I thought he was dead and I changed his bandages and...”
Father pats me on the shoulder. “You did well.”
“Will he be alright?”
Father shrugs his shoulders and looks at Rooster. Who is this man, and why is he having such a negative effect on my father?
The new arrival is garnering quite a crowd. The balconies are filling up with people, some whom I haven’t seen since Brian and Lottie’s wedding. They are pointing at the man and me as if we are some form of entertainment. It disgusts me.
“He was coming from the wrong direction,” Father says, sticking close to his brother, but we all hear it.
“He had his hand chopped off,” Rooster states sardonically. “He probably wasn’t thinking because of all the pain.”
“Do you think they did this?” Father wonders.
Tara, Flynn, and Brian are glancing at father, their faces betraying their curiosity. Father is acting very careless, as he creates more curiosity then he probably intended. 
“It has to be them,” says Rooster. 
Father gives me a stern look when I raise my eyebrows at him. I want him to tell me what’s going on. I deserve to know because I’m his son and will be mayor one day. He isn’t having any of it, though. Even Rosa appears interested, and is doing her very best to sidle closer to her fiancé in the hope of getting in on the secret. 
“Damn it,” says Father. “He was probably followed.”
“He’s careful, he wouldn’t let that happen,” says Rooster. Rooster glares at Flynn, who is still listening. “Nothing to worry about!”
“Like you said he was in pain and probably delirious,” says Father. “Rooster, take out as many people as you can. Leave them on guard until I say otherwise.”
Rooster nods and leaves. Father’s face is as grave as I’ve ever seen it, reminding me of the day when he revealed that Dylan was dead. This has to be something deadly serious. Why is this man so important that he needs to have his hand cut off and to be followed?  It doesn’t make any sense.
Doctor Phylida Kahn-Casper is waiting for us outside the infirmary. The Indian woman is middle-aged with white hair and a pair of glasses hanging around her neck by a golden chain. The glasses baffle me, as they don’t have lenses, just a frame. Still, she is an excellent doctor. She’s the only one available to treat patients now that Skye has flown the coop. I just hope she can do something for this poor man.
“This looks bad,” says Phylida. “Did you see what happened?”
I tell her I didn’t see anything. She makes a tutting sound with her lips and orders us to bring him in. We put the man carefully on a large table, making sure we don’t cause him any more discomfort.
The doctor orders us all to get out. I need to stay. Somehow I feel responsible for this man. I found him. But Phylida won’t have any of that, and shoos me out of the operation room like I’m a wild mouse scuttling across her bedroom floor.
Father and Mother stay behind and when I try to inquire why, Rosa slams the door in my face. I remember then that Rosa has agreed to train as Phylida’s new assistant. Why does she get to stay and not me?  I bet I know more about first aid than she does!
I lean against the wall, tired. This feels like the longest day of my life. Have I really had a conversation with a Felum?  Seen a man with his arm chopped off?  
“What do you think they were talking about?” asks Flynn. He has a devious glint in his eye that I detest. Still, no matter what I think I will always be biased against him. He has taken Skye’s quarters and that’s all I see when I look at him. The fact that he’s rude and nasty works against him as well.
“I think we might be in danger,” says Tara. “I’m going to go and tell everyone.”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” I begin, but Flynn interrupts me. I start to seethe with anger.
“Yeah, good idea, let’s go,” Flynn agrees. He ignores me like I’m not even there.
I might agree with them, that we could be in danger, but I know that Father wouldn’t want everyone talking about this, even if he stupidly fuelled Flynn’s suspicions. I have to protect Father’s secret. 
“You can’t tell anyone,” I order him. I try my best to channel the authority my father commands.
Flynn and Tara stop and turn back to me. They give me a look of surprise. My intention to project leadership fails as both Tara and Flynn break out laughing. Will they be like this when I’m mayor?  Will they disrespect me like this?
“I can tell anyone I want,” says Flynn contemptuously.
“Ignore him,” says Tara.
I notice that Flynn and Tara’s hands are almost touching, on the verge of holding hands. It suddenly dawns on me why they answered my calls quicker than Brian had. They had been together in the forest already.
I punch Flynn in the face so hard I think I hear him squeal like a little girl. He roars in anger and comes at me, but I grab him in a neck hold and begin to repeatedly punch him in the stomach. Tara screams behind me, telling me to stop, but I shut her out. Flynn will pay for trying to go against my father, for stealing Skye’s quarters, and for having someone to love when I can’t. I’ll hurt him bad. I’ll make him bleed.
“Get off!” Tara yells. She tries to pull me away and, in the heat of the moment, I slap her across the face.
Flynn is pure rage now. He screams and charges at me, but suddenly Brian grabs hold of him. I want to punch him again, the rat faced little traitor.
Flynn splutters, “If you do that to me again I...”
“You’ll do what?” I challenge.
Hitting the son of the mayor would have major repercussions and he knows it. Flynn’s family has only been living in the House for two years. An incident such as this could have them chucked out and left to fend for themselves. I can’t help but feel vastly smug. Now it’s time to hammer home in this idiot’s brain whom he’s trifling with.
“If you tell anyone what you heard today, I’ll see to it that you and family end up without a home,” I warn him, feeling sick to my stomach as I say it. I’m not the kind of person to threaten people like this, but I have to do it. 
Tara looks at me in horror, wiping the blood seeping from her nose, the injury I had inflicted. I don’t care what either her or Flynn thinks. But the look I see in Brian’s eyes is something I do care about. He is disappointed in me, revolted. He is looking at me like I am a monster.
“Fine,” says Flynn, turning his back to me. He swears under his breath and, with Tara by his side, stalks away.
My stomach feels like it’s rotting away. I have done something to Flynn that I’ll never forgive myself for, even if I had done it for my father’s sake. I’ve crossed several lines lately and I don’t want to cross any more.
“What are you going to do to me?” Brian demands. I think he’s going to hit me he looks so mad. “Will you have me and my family thrown out if I decide not to keep quiet?”
 “Will you keep what you heard to yourself?” I ask him. I don’t dare look in his eyes to see the disappointment again. It would break me.
“I’m not even sure what I did hear,” says Brian, starting to pace. I can see he is conflicted too, which helps a little. “None of it made any sense.”
“I know,” I agree. “But Father is the mayor. He knows what’s best for us. If he kept a secret, it should be kept a secret.”
The question I have to ask myself is will I have to threaten Brian the same way I did Flynn and, to an extent, Tara?  I don’t want to but if it comes to it...I look down at my fist, and see a tiny drop of blood there. Does it belong to Flynn or Tara?
Brian seems to come to a decision. He says, “You’re right. But what you did to Flynn and Tara was vicious. I didn’t think you were like that.”
“I’m not like that!” I rail. Brian’s reaction to my anger startles me. Do I actually frighten him? 
 “Flynn was annoying me and he was going to reveal Father’s secret. I’m not even really sure why I did it. I’d never have his family banished.”
“I can see now why you don’t have many friends.”  Brian comes up to me. “I won’t teach you anymore.”
“What?”
“You’ve shown me a side to you that I really don’t like. You’re also in love with me. It’s interfering with your lessons. You need to find someone else.”
“Brian, please!”
“I’m sorry, Ben.”
With those parting words, Brian leaves me to my misery. I stare up at the glass panes in the roof, the sun shining down through them, and something occurs to me. 
One sharp piece of glass could end it all.

Chapter 11 – A Piece of Glass

When I first came back from my Journey, I was so excited. I wanted to be like my father so much. I respected him, admired him, and hoped that one day I would become mayor and be just as respected and admired by my own children and the rest of the House like he was. Yet the moment I stepped back inside The Glass Palace it all changed. I wasn’t sure what I wanted anymore. What do I want to do?  What do I feel?
I don’t know.
I don’t know anything anymore.
All I do know is if I really want to end all the doubts, I could quite easily kill myself. During the next day, several methods come to me like flashes of inspiration. I could break a window, take a slither of glass, and slash my wrists. I could jump in the river and drown myself. I could climb on top of The Glass Palace and jump off. I could steal Father’s key for the gun cabinet and shoot myself in the head. In one simple step, I could end it all; the pain, the doubt, everything. Right now it seems the only way out of this mess I call my life. But do I have the guts to go through with it?
I’ve just come back from planting seeds in the vegetable patch by the fields. I’m a little tired and feeling very, very guilty. Flynn’s mother had been in the patch, too, and she had told me what she thought of me. Apparently I am a vicious, privileged bully. It hurt when she called me that. I’m no such thing, but at the time I had punched Flynn, I was bordering on it. Does the entire House know what happened?  It appears so. Most people shoot me disappointed looks. I am the mayor’s son. I’m supposed to set a good example. 
I wash my hands in the public bathroom and return to my quarters. I can’t bear to set foot outside my room today. Everyone knows what I’ve done to Flynn. Brian hates me. The whole House hates me. How can I become mayor when everyone feels so negative towards me? I can’t go on like this.
I look in the mirror and at the small piece of glass I’d found buried in the soil. It’s wickedly sharp. It could easily puncture my skin, and rip open a vein. I’d bleed to death before anybody could be bothered to find me. They’re probably already wondering why the best son had to die and the pathetic one still clings to a life that doesn’t belong to him.
I hold the glass against my left wrist and watch the pulsing blue vein. My heart starts to hammer in anticipation. I can do this. I’m not a coward. All I have to do is cut and they’d be rid of me.
There is a knock at the door. My hand slips and I slightly cut the side of my arm. The cut is so shallow it doesn’t even bleed. I throw the piece of glass onto my bed.
It’s my mother at the door.
“What is it?” I demand.
Mothers know when something is wrong with their child. I can see she wants to ask me something but is afraid of my reaction. I’m afraid of my reaction, too.
“Are you alright?”
“I’m a figure of hate,” I say bluntly. 
“Yes, I did hear about the incidents with Flynn and Brian.” Instead of shouting she comes in and gives me a hug. “But it’s nothing to worry about. Tempers flare all the time. Maybe you shouldn’t have beaten him up, but I’m sure it’ll all be totally forgotten soon.”
“I doubt that.”  I hope she doesn’t see the shard of glass on my bed and ask me about it. I don’t want to lie to her.
“There are more important things to occupy this House than a little spat between you and Flynn,” says Mother. “Your father was always getting into scrapes when he was your age and look at him now!”
“Did he beat up someone and threaten to have their family thrown out?” I say, almost shouting. “Father would never do that. I must be such a disappointment to him.”
“He knows and he understands.”
“Of course he does,” I grumble. I don’t know how Father can understand what I’ve done. If I were him, I’d be ashamed.
Something about what she said suddenly struck me. “How do you know there was an incident with Brian?”
“A husband tells her wife everything.” She chooses her words very carefully. “And if the wife is a chatterbox like Lottie, she tells her friends, who tell their friends.”
I can’t help but groan. This keeps getting better and better. Soon I’ll never be able to show my face again.
“So everyone knows I kissed Brian,” I mutter, sinking onto my bed. I feel more red-faced embarrassment now than shame. 
Mother nods sadly. The thought that everyone imagines me as a violent bully is bad enough. But now everyone will think I’m a home wrecker as well!  My reputation is as low as it can get. 
“I’d do it again,” I tell her. “I love him.”
Mother smiles sweetly. “You’re in love. It feels good, doesn’t it?”
I can’t help but laugh. “It’s sort of like the best stomach ache in the world.”
“Try to be a bit more careful in future,” Mother advises me, giving me a loving smile. “And don’t try to go for anyone who is already married. That always leads to disaster.”
“There won’t be anyone else. I’ll only ever love Brian.”
“There will be others,” she assures me, but I don’t believe her.
Now I know how Mother feels about it, I feel a little better myself, though not by much. What does Father think of me, or does he even know?  Maybe he’s too busy with the injured man in the infirmary to bother listening to all the scandals going around about his delinquent, home-wrecking son.
The man in the infirmary!  How could I forget about him? 
“How is the man I brought in?”
Mother sighs and sits on the bed beside me. I fear the worst. I couldn’t bear it if he was dead.  I didn’t even know his name. But at the moment, the strange man is the most important thing in the world to me.
“Is he dead?” I ask tentatively.
“It was touch and go for a while there but Phylida is an experienced doctor, despite the fact she’s currently running out of some important items.”  Mother pulls a small notebook and pencil out of her pocket and jots a few things down on it. “Something to tell your father about. He’ll forget.”
“The man?” I prompt.
“He’d lost an awful lot of blood. Almost too much. But he’s going to be fine.”
I erupt into a smile. I’ve helped someone and maybe that doesn’t mean my life is totally worthless.
“That’s what I originally came to see you about,” says Mother. She looks conflicted, which is something I’ve never seen on Mother’s face before. “When he finally came around this morning he asked for you.”
“Really?” I exclaim. I’m a little excited. This is a blessing in disguise.
“I don’t want you to get involved,” Mother states.
“Why not?”
“I don’t want to lose another son to it.”
“My brother accidentally fell down a ravine.”
She gives me a hug again. And I see a tear running down her cheek. Most of what she said makes little sense. The main thing is Father is going to reveal to me the secret he has.

Along the route to the infirmary, I hear banging and clanging, and look up to see a few men on the glass roof. They are putting a board of plastic over a broken pane. The nearest glazier, who lived in the House of Rowan, had recently died. His apprentice has hiked up the prices and we can’t afford new glass, at least not yet. The board makes the place look unsightly, less majestic.
I try to avoid Lottie as I spy her walking in my direction, but she deliberately steps in front of me and folds her arms. She looks like a forty year-old harridan, but she is only my age. I don’t know what to say to her.
“I want an apology,” she demands.
I’m really not in the mood for this. “No.”
She splutters with rage. “What do you mean, no?  You kissed Brian and you need to say you’re sorry!”
“Yes, I did kiss Brian, but the more I think about it, I realize that I’m not sorry I did it.”  I stand up to her, stare her down, and it feels glorious. “He’s a very good kisser by the way. His lips are warm.”
She tries to slap me but I grab hold of her wrist. I continue to stare at her, daring her to raise her other hand to me. Lottie is literally quivering with rage. After ten seconds, she pulls herself away, straightens her shoulders, and stalks off. I grin.
I’m feeling so good about myself as I saunter into the infirmary that I almost walk straight into Rosa.  I’d forgotten she was the new medical assistant now.
“How are the wedding plans going?” I ask.  Not that I care.
“We’ve been busy.”  Rosa appears quite miffed about that.  “I’ll get him married to me if it’s the last thing I do, though. I want to start trying for a family as soon as possible.”
“You want children?”
“I love Rooster.  Of course I want to have children with him.”
I move into the other room where there are five empty beds and another one that holds the man I’m here to see. Father is sitting by the bed talking animatedly to him while the doctor fusses about, prodding his stump with a stick. The wound looks like something out of a nightmare. Bone, sinew, and flesh are exposed, though it looks like it has been cauterized. There is an iron on a nearby table with fried blood on it and I have to stop myself from throwing up.
“It’ll take a very long while to heal properly but you should be up and about in no time at all,” Phylida declares, wrapping up the stump in a fresh set of new, clean bandages. “I know it hurts, but you can put up with it.”
“Just be glad you’re alive,” says Father.
The man laughs, a laugh imbued with much irony. “I should be grateful that I lost only the one hand. They wanted to cut off both.”
“I’m glad they never got around to it,” says Phylida, giving the man a kiss on the forehead. “I like your hands.”
“Even though they are a bit small,” says Father.
Phylida laughs. “Stop picking on him, Zach.”
Father notices I’m there. The three of them seem to have a very close and trusted friendship. I didn’t even think that Father knew the doctor all that well, other than to advise her on occasion in his role as mayor. Mother even calls him Zachary. For a brief second, I even imagine that Father is having an affair with her, but I know Father wouldn’t do that. His love for Mother is obvious to me.
“Come and sit down,” says Father. “We need to talk to you.”
There is a spare chair on the other side of the bed. The man, even though he must be in some considerable pain, turns and smiles to me. I sit down on the chair, a little nervous, and wait.
“Can I just tell you how thankful I am that you saved my life?” says the man. His craggy, sun weathered face beams at me, and I can’t help but smile. “If you hadn’t been out in that forest at the right time then I would be dead now, picked apart by scavengers. Thank you.”
“I only did what anyone would have done,” I say modestly.
The man sighs. “Most people would’ve seen me lying there and robbed me blind. In fact that happened to me once. Some thieves thought I was dead when I was passed out from smoking some nectar and took everything I had, even the clothes on my back. I had to stumble to the nearest village completely naked. The fishwives had an eyeful that day, I can tell you.”
“Lucky for him size doesn’t matter,” jokes Phylida as she looks at me.
“I’ve had no complaints,” says the man with a sly grin.
With his non-injured hand the man grabs hold of my own and gives it a compassionate squeeze.
“I am forever in your debt, young man.”
I can’t help but blush furiously. I’ve never saved anyone’s life before and it makes me feel like I’m on top of the world. Lurking around in the background like a sneaky thief is all my other problems, just waiting to crash back in.
“How are you this morning?” I ask him.
He grunts. “I could be better, all things considered. I really liked having two hands. It will be difficult.”
“I’m sure,” I agree. I pause for a second as Phylida sits down next to Father. I feel like I’ve been invited to some sort of formal meeting.
“What do I call you?” I ask.
“Nobody has used my real name in decades, my boy,” says the man, looking nostalgic. “I’m not sure if I even think of myself as that person anymore. But you can call me what they all call me, Harold Oldman.”
“I’m Ben Casper.”
“I know,” says Harold. “I helped deliver you.”
“Really?”
“Yes, you see Phylida was away in another village at the time and I just happened to be there. I learned a lot about midwifery from my first wife Glenda and I’d delivered half a dozen babies all across the country. You made quite a racket that day if I recall rightly.”
Phylida, Father, and Harold start laughing at some private joke. By all accounts, I’d been an adventurous toddler, always getting lost, though why they’d think that amusing, I had no idea.
“What’s going on?” I wonder.
Phylida nudges Father with her elbow and says, “You said you were going to tell him. Don’t chicken out now.”
Father clears his throat. “Today I’m going to change your life forever.”
I’m not sure a few words can do that. Actions change lives, not a talking to from your father. Now the three of them are silent, staring at me. I suddenly know something momentous is coming.
I listen, rapt, as Father continues. “We’re god slayers.”

Chapter 12 – The Quest is Revealed

I open my mouth a fraction to say something, but nothing comes out. My vocal chords feel like they are mentally held back. What, exactly, can I say that will make sense?
What is a god slayer?
“Say that again,” I prompt. Surely, I’ve misheard?  Yes, that’s it. 
Phylida looks to my father and says, “We kill gods. That’s all there is to it.  Nothing more, nothing less. We destroy what is impossible to destroy.”
I’m still not sure I’m getting it. It’s such an impossible concept, like juggling the sun or eating clouds. Some fact seems to be eluding me but I can’t quite grasp it.
“Say that again,” I repeat. I know I sound dumbstruck, a little stupid, but I don’t care. They need to explain.
Father sighs. “It may not make sense to you just yet. It was difficult for me to understand as well. We all felt like this when our parents told us. According to my father, Phylida especially had a hard time.”
Phylida grunts. “I was seven when my mother told me.”
Harold says, trying to hold in a laugh, “She climbed on top of the Glass Palace with a butter knife and called down the gods so she could kill them. She slid off and broke both her arms.”
“I nearly died,” says Phylida a little moodily. She reminds me of a petulant four year-old. “My healed bones still ache when the weather changes.”
The three so-called god slayers break out in laughter. I don’t join in. I’m still too confused. They have a rich history together that I can’t even begin to understand. None of what they say makes any sense. 
Harold notices my perplexed face.
“Our young charge is on the verge of leaving us,” says Harold, giving me a wink that tells me he understands. “Perhaps we should continue the story?  Phylida’s many embarrassments can wait for another time.”
Father claps his hands together enthusiastically. “You probably want to ask the question, how can we be god slayers when it’s obvious we haven’t actually slain any gods?”
I nod.
Father says, “We all know the gods are still alive, cracking the very earth with their petty fight, killing people, killing everything, but things weren’t always this way. They weren’t always destroyers of worlds.”
I look for one of them to explain. I just don’t understand. I know all this already. Where is this heading?  
“There was a time before all of this, before the gods and before the Felum and even before the Order of Power,” says Father. He smiles wistfully, probably imagining the world the way it used to be. “Back then, things were a lot simpler than they are now. There were many gods in that era; we think at least five, though we can’t be sure of the exact number. They were worshipped and loved by the people. We think even one of them could control animals, though I’m sure that’s just a myth. Anyway, several of these other gods went rogue and, for selfish reasons we don’t yet know of, tried to kill the gods we have now.”
There had been more gods?  I can’t quite fathom this. What were their names?  What did they look like? I wish I’d taken the time to have breakfast now.
“They failed, I take it,” I say.
Father continues, “Yes, they failed miserably. What they didn’t expect, what nobody really expected, was that gods couldn’t kill other gods. They can harm them, yes, but not kill each other. Nobody knows why. Maybe the gods once knew why and they forgot, or maybe we knew why and the knowledge was taken from us. After this discovery Mixcoatl and Ninurta decided that...”
I put my hand up.
“What is it?” Father demands. He doesn’t like to be interrupted.
“Who are Mixcoatl and Ninurta?”
“They’re the true names of the gods,” says Phylida in awe, almost a whisper. “Everything has a name, including the gods.”
I mumble, “I just never thought that they had names.”
I know the real names of the gods. This is information that no mortal being should know. I look up, fearing that the gods would come crashing down through the Glass Palace at any moment, to smite us for speaking of their sacred names. Even though nothing happens, I still feel uneasy.
“I call them Tornado and Blue Hair,” I admit. I laugh. “They’re stupid names, I know, but that’s what I thought when I saw them.”
“Ninurta’s blue hair is his most distinguishing feature,” says Phylida, pulling fingers through her own hair. “Despite everything, I quite like it.”
I think back to my brief glimpse of the gods. Ninurta’s hair had been a shocking luminescent blue that reflected the rays of the sun. Mixcoatl’s legs had seemed to blur in motion like his feet were running extraordinarily fast, which was why I’d called him Tornado.
  “Why is it that no one has thought to wonder what their names are?” I ask. “It seems such a simple thing to consider.”
“It’s thought blasphemous to give them names,” says Harold. “Plus it makes people feel uneasy. It still makes me uneasy to even talk about it now. I get this itch at the back of my neck.”
Giving them names makes them feel less powerful somehow. Humans have names. Even animals have names. Gods are just gods, nameless beings of a higher power. What if I come face to face with Tornado and Blue Hair?  Would I dare to call them by their true names?  Has anybody dared to call them their true names and lived to tell the tale?  And who had given them those names?  Gods just appeared out of nowhere, didn’t they? Did an even more powerful god create them?
Father continues with the original story. “Mixcoatl and Ninurta decided that if a god couldn’t kill another god then there could be only one logical solution. Only a mortal could kill an immortal. They joined together with some human scientists and they came up with the God Cannon, a weapon they hoped was capable of killing gods. It was infused with energy from Mixcoatl and Ninurta themselves and could only be operated by a human. The God Cannon worked just like they thought it would. The other gods were brought down, killed, and peace was restored to the world.”
I try to imagine it in my mind; a weapon that can murder a god. It would have to be huge. But how then would they be able to disguise it from the rogue gods if it was so big? What happens when a god falls to earth, dying?  Does nature itself shake as the universe changes?  This is just too much to comprehend. 
“So there was peace,” I say, mentally filing away my questions. “I’d like to have seen that.”
“The peace didn’t last that long,” says Father. “It was after the bodies of the dead gods were set adrift into space that a terrible tragedy occurred. It turned Mixcoatl and Ninurta from the best of friends, brothers even, into the bitterest of enemies.”
“What was the tragedy?”
“We don’t know,” says Phylida. “Nobody does.”
“I think they realized they went too far,” suggests Harold. “They were not meant to kill each other, and one of them suffered great guilt over it and released his anger on the other. One can only imagine what emotions go through the mind of a god.”
Phylida says, “No one has spoken to a god in a long time. For all we know, they’ve ditched their emotions. It certainly seems that way. Otherwise they’d see what they were doing to the world.”
“Perhaps they haven’t discarded their emotions,” I suggest. “Maybe they are just indifferent to all mortal living beings.”
I look down at my shoes, leathery and dirty. I know I’m right. The gods just don’t care about us anymore. While this thought does sadden me, it doesn’t debilitate me. After all, what have they done for us exactly, apart from destroyed civilization? 
I motion for Father to continue. “When the feud began the Felum had arrived from nowhere, and the Order of Power had just been established. Humanity had, by then, realized that if the gods weren’t stopped from their destructive fighting, they would destroy the entire planet. The Order revered the gods and thought humanity didn’t have the right to kill them. So they found the God Cannon and dismantled it, killing all who worked with it or who had knowledge of it. So with the only means of killing the gods gone, and the Felum running feral and the Order trying to control us, humanity could only sit back and watch as Mixcoatl and Ninurta’s fighting triggered the apocalypse.”
As Father and Harold argue about how there hadn’t been an apocalypse exactly, as humanity still lived and thrived, I try to imagine the feelings of the people of the past. How frightening it must have been to watch their world fall apart.
“Mixcoatl and Ninurta’s first skirmish was their most deadly,” Father goes on, giving Harold a deadly look that says their argument is over. “They destroyed the continent of Australia in ten seconds flat, killing millions of people in the process. The shock wave caused earthquakes, volcano eruptions, and tsunamis all over the world. No government and no army could stand against them. All we could do was try to keep safe and hope and pray they didn’t destroy our home.”
“Did they not realize what they were doing?” I wonder. I have to say this, to let it out. “They’re gods. I’ve seen books about religions, legends, and mythology. Gods are supposed to love us. They’re supposed to care about us!”
“They did care about us once, I’m sure,” says Phylida sadly. “They’re virtually mindless now, utterly consumed by their desire to kill each other.”
“They can’t kill each other,” I point out.
“That hasn’t stopped them,” Phylida says. “Who knows?  Maybe, in their rage, they think if they fight and fight for long enough then eventually they might be able to kill each other. It would be nice to just go up to them, if we could find them, and ask, but as far as I know they don’t talk to humans anymore.”
“Why doesn’t everybody know this?” I say. “The survivors numbered in their billions, right?  They must have passed on stories or books.”
“Over the centuries, billions more have died because of the gods, from wars, from starvation, and from diseases,” says Phylida. “Stories are forgotten, lost or misinterpreted along the way.”
“Then this is where the Order of Power comes in,” interrupts Harold. “They’re the self-appointed church of the gods. The gods don’t care for them but they do their best to destroy any remaining information left in the world that pertains to the gods. Any literature on the gods is burned and any person who knows anything about them is killed. They want the gods to be revered in mystery, so the less we know about them the better. The Order of Power is in a way worse than the gods. They boost their numbers through some sort of brain tampering. They take you and scramble your brain up and then you become one of them. You do what they say, no matter how repugnant.”
Phylida puts her arm on Harold’s shoulder. There is a tear running down his cheek. I don’t dare ask what was wrong.
“The three of us, along with your mother and Uncle Rooster, are just some of the members of our society scattered around what’s left of the world,” says Harold, his emotions under control once again. “For the past six hundred and fifty-three years we’ve been gathering information and trying to locate where The God Cannon was kept when it was disassembled.” 
I blink, not sure I heard him right. “You know the exact date?”
“The god slayers are the only ones who do know the exact date,” says Phylida. She hefts Harold’s backpack onto the bed, which I had fetched from the woods earlier in the day and given to Father. Harold starts digging inside it and brings out a thick leather bound book. He opens it to a certain page and says, “Today is the 12th May 2665.”
I can’t help but feel a little giddy. We know how to calculate months and days and years but we could never be entirely sure what year it actually is. Back when the original Casper had started the House, I’m sure that knowing what day of the month it was didn’t seem that important. 
Harold wipes his tear away and comes out with a huge grin. “I think I know where it is.”
“Where what is?” I ask.
Harold sighs. “I know where the God Cannon is.”
The tone in the room lightens. I see hope in Father’s eyes, and pride in Phylida’s. 
“Where is it?” I ask.
Harold taps the side of his nose. “Only I know that, and it stays that way for the time being. Only when we’ve gone out, will I reveal its location.”
“What do you mean?” 
Father looks at me in concern and says, “A group of us are leaving.”
So here we are at the crux of Father’s explanations. He’s leaving The Glass Palace. I can’t even comprehend the danger he’s heading into. I don’t want him to die. He’s my father and I love him.
“Who’s going with you?” I ask. I can’t look at him.
“Harold of course, when he gets better,” says Father. Harold gives him a mock salute with his injured hand and groans in pain. “Rooster will be coming with me, and so will Phylida and Rafe, one of Skye and Brian’s fathers. I expect all our husbands and wives to object quite vehemently, but it has to be done.”
I finish the sentence off for him. “Even if some of you might not come back? Is that what you were going to say?”
Father sighs. I can see he is worried about the mission, and about me. I understand why he has to do this, even if I don’t want to lose him. I still wonder though why it has to be him. Surely, there are other people that could go in his stead?  He is the mayor, he can delegate.
“This is the most dangerous mission mankind has ever faced,” says Father. “There is a chance that some or all of us might die, but we have to do this. We’re the only ones who can.”
“The Glass Palace needs you,” I object, my mind frantically trying to come up with more excuses. “This place would crumble without you leading them!  You’re the mayor!”
“When I leave in a few months, I won’t be the mayor any longer.”  He places his hands on my shoulders and looks me in the eyes. I have a nasty suspicion. “You will be.”
What do I know about running a whole House by myself?
“Are you joking?” I ask him.
“You’re going to be mayor someday anyway,” says Father, pulling me to my feet. “You’re just going to take over the reins a little earlier than you thought, that’s all. It shouldn’t be too difficult for you.”
I laugh. “How can you possibly expect me to run the House?  I’m fifteen!  You’re being ridiculous!  Have Mother be the mayor instead.”
“You are the mayor.”
I pull myself away and go for the door. He can’t make me do it. I’m not ready. He’ll have to ask someone else. There is no way I can manage it!  
“BEN CASPER!” Father shouts. I stop, but refuse to look at him. “You are going to be mayor and you are going to be the best this House has ever seen. I’m not leaving for a while yet but until then I will train you on what it takes to be a good mayor. You will trail me and watch how I do things. You will talk to the people, ask their opinions, and above all, you will do this not because it’s your duty but because I’m asking you to as your father.”
I can’t help but cry. I weep like a babe and father hugs me tight and tells me he will come back and that I’ll do a wonderful job in his absence. I try to believe his words as he sounds so sincere, but I just can’t. I just know I’ll never see him again if he leaves.

Chapter 13 – The Perils of Eavesdropping

I am literally in a nightmare of the gods. Both Tornado and Blue Hair seem to have Father’s face. They are stalking me through The Glass Palace, intoning the words, “You are a failure,” over and over again. I can only watch in horror as they butcher everybody they come into contact with. I try to stop them when they take hold of Brian, but I don’t really have my heart in it. They look like my father and I can’t hurt them. So they snap Brian’s neck and hurl him aside like a sack of rubbish. 
“Only adults can be mayor,” says Tornado.
“I am an adult!” I shout, pulling at Brian’s still body, hoping he will move. “I’m not a child!”
The gods advance upon me. Tornado puts his hands around my neck, and with my father’s face he spits on me.
“Kill him,” orders Blue Hair.
I wake up, and I can still hear the snapping of bones ricocheting around my quarters like an echo. I can’t go back to sleep now and let the nightmares ensnare me again. I need to do something practical until I make my mind up. Not that I have much choice in being mayor when Father leaves. I just need to make sure I have accepted it as well.
I wash my face with lukewarm water left in a bowl and get dressed. When I come out of my quarters, I find Flynn and Tara talking outside, giving me the evil eye. I want to ignore them but I just can’t do that. Flynn and I will be neighbors, and members of this House, for a long time to come. I have to clear the air between us.
“Hello,” I say to them.
Tara crosses her arms and says, “We’re not speaking to you.”
“Flynn, I’m sorry about what I did.” What words can convey how guilty, how sorry, I am? “Are you both not speaking to me?”  
Flynn’s eyes bore into me like he wants me dead. Tara’s nose, where I’d hit her, is as purple as a plum.
“Fine,” I say. I’m walking away when I hear Flynn shout, “Stop.”
I stop and turn towards him. I suppose I had better hear what he has to say. I owe him that much at least. “What?” I demand.
“We deserve to know what’s going on,” says Flynn, stepping up to me. He doesn’t come anywhere near me in height but I admire his audacity. “Your father indicated we might be in serious danger.”
“It’s none of your business.”
Flynn laughs. “My home and my family being in danger is not my business?  I don’t think so.”
I sigh. So we have to go through all this again, do we?  Except this time I know why Father thinks we are in danger. I don’t think I’ll be able to punch my way out of this situation.
“We’ve already been over this.”
“I told my parents what I overheard and we’ve organized a gathering for later today in the hall,” says Flynn, defiance in every syllable. Even Tara looks smug, which isn’t a good look for her. “Everyone who wants to know what threat we’re possibly facing is going to be there. We want your father to come and tell us the truth. If not, we’re going to make him tell us.”
I don’t like to be threatened. I certainly do not like it when a member of my family is given threats. I so want to punch Flynn in the nose again. Breaking a bone might be a possibility. 
“My father is the mayor and if he thinks we’re really in danger then I’m sure he’ll let the House know,” I explain rationally, trying to talk Flynn down in a way my father might use; diplomatically.  “If we were targets and he knew about it, he wouldn’t just sit back and allow us to be attacked. You all know him better than that.”
The twosome goes quiet. I need to finish this. I am going to see Harold, but there is a part of me that yearns to talk to Brian. I can’t stand him hating me, and I need to try and explain things again.
I carry on, “Mayor Casper thinks of the House as his family, not only those who are blood related to him but the whole House. He would not keep his House from knowing the dangers that threaten them, but in order to attack every problem rationally he needs time to figure out a strategy.”
Tara looks at Flynn and says, “He does have a point.”
“Maybe you do, Ben, but the people have a right to know and we won’t be swayed in this.”  Flynn’s bravery at standing up to me is impressive. “We will find out what’s going on whether you or your sainted father like it or not.”
“Flynn has a point, too,” Tara adds with a nasty smirk.
Flynn does indeed have a point, even though I’m too stubborn to admit it to him and his odious girlfriend. My parents are part of a group of people out to kill the gods. They just ooze danger. Who knows what trouble this could bring to the House?  Then there is also the matter of Harold’s missing hand. I mentally scald myself for not asking how he ended up that way. Is this god slayers group already being hunted?  Is that why Father has made Uncle Rooster put out every guard to keep watch on the House?
We really are in danger. The House needs to know so they can flee or prepare themselves for what’s to come. Maybe Harold hadn’t been followed here but could we gamble with everyone’s lives like this?  
“I’ll talk to him,” I offer. I loathe agreeing with Flynn but he’s right. I just wish I could’ve come to the same conclusion without beating him up the other night. It would’ve saved us a whole lot of hassle.
“Really?” says Tara. “I’d like to see that.”
“I mean it,” I assure them.
Flynn looks suspicious. “How can we trust you?”
“Because you’re right,” I say, my insides knotting up. I feel like I’m betraying my father and it’s almost a physical pain. “We could be in serious danger and the House needs to know.”
Tara clutches Flynn’s arm in terror and says, “We really are in danger?”
“Maybe,” I say, slightly warming to Tara. Her fear makes her seem less shrewish. “I’m not entirely sure. I don’t think I’ve been told everything either.”
“But you do know something,” says Flynn.
I nod my head. This is the right thing to do. Father will see that. I’m not really betraying him, am I?  “If father won’t reveal what he knows to everyone then I’ll have to inform the House of what I do know.”

I do something next that I’m not proud of. I know there are things that Father, Phylida, and Harold have purposely left out of their story from last night. My intuition tells me that. The three of them live such a secretive life that there’s bound to be something they conceal from me, whether it be out of forgetfulness or not wanting to bombard me with too much information at once. I wanted to know it all, now. So when I arrive at the infirmary and find the three of them chatting away like old soldiers, I hide behind the corner of the room and listen in. I figure I might learn something that they otherwise wouldn’t tell me.
At the moment, Father is speaking. He doesn’t sound angry as such, just a little unsettled. 
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of you know,” he says to Harold, who is sitting up in bed, looking a little fresher. “You did what you had to do to survive. We’ve all done it.”
Harold harrumphs. “I consider myself a master thief. At the best of times I can steal a horse from underneath a person riding it without their notice!  I’ve stolen so much over the years, I’ve lost count.”
“That’s nothing to brag about,” says Phylida.
So Harold is a professional thief. The job seems to suit him, though I have to wonder why he didn’t tell me last night. I’d stolen stuff when on my Journey but it had been to survive, not because I enjoyed doing it. Maybe Father doesn’t want me to know that Harold is a thief?  
“Why are you complaining now then?” Phylida wonders.
He waves his stump at them both. “They chopped my hand off!”
Father looks tense. “The Order of Power?”
Harold laughs. “They wish they did, that bunch of pathetic ignorant cultists!  No, it was the mayor of Rowan and his cronies who did this to me. Curses on the lot of them!”
I’d met the mayor of Rowan and “his cronies”. They were decent folks who had zero tolerance for crime, though their punishments were quite antiquated. They wouldn’t have chopped off Harold’s arm without good reason. As for the Order of Power, his reaction says it all. They aren’t really much of a threat. All they do is hand out leaflets and preach a bit.
I don’t like Harold patronizing Rowan. I had liked that House, and my Aunt Nicki loves it so much she lives there now. Come to think of it, she is a judge there, so she’s probably one of the mayor’s cronies that Harold’s just been complaining about!  I wonder why Father didn’t say anything.
“So let me get this straight. The House of Rowan caught you stealing and chopped your hand off as punishment?” asks Father.
“Something like that,” says Harold, still sulking. “Only this time I’m an innocent man!”
Phylida smiles. “You’re far from innocent.”
“I’m a good thief and I never get caught,” brags Harold. I can hear how upset he is. “And this time I was accused of stealing something that I didn’t even steal!  Someone framed me. I think it was Kyra.”
Father sighs. “Kyra wouldn’t do that.”
“She still looks at me like I’m the worst thing she’s ever seen,” wails Harold, getting really emotional now. “I don’t blame her for hating me but framing me for theft?  I could’ve been hung!”
“They only hang people in the House of Rowan for murder,” says Phylida. 
We haven’t had a murder in a hundred years. I’m grateful for that.
Harold says, “She caught me putting flowers on Ethan’s grave. She went ballistic and hit me with a rolling pin and told me to never go there again or she’d make sure she’d kill me. He was my son, too!  She has no right to bar me from going to my own son’s grave.”
“I know it’s difficult.”
Harold interrupts my father. “She thinks I did it because I couldn’t be bothered to think of something else but there was nothing else I could do.”
The three of them are silent as Harold’s breathing becomes labored. He performs some sort of breathing exercises to try and get his state under control. I can see his face as I peek from around my corner. It’s bright red and he’s holding his left arm like it pains him. 
“Are you alright?” Phylida asks, putting her hand to Harold’s neck. “Your pulse is way up. You need to stop getting so anxious or your heart will give out.”
“I don’t care,” says Harold. “I killed my own son.”
“He was already dead,” says Father.  “I just wish I’d had the guts to do the same. Never mind that. Forget this. I believe you about being framed, but Kyra isn’t capable of such malice, you know her better than that.”
Harold wipes tears from his eyes and says, “She’s a kind woman. I love her and I know she wouldn’t do such a thing, even if she thought I deserved it; even if I thought I deserved it. But why would someone in that town frame me for theft?  What pleasure would they get out of seeing my hand cut off?”
“I have an idea,” I say. I step around the corner and into their line of sight. They are all surprised to see me bar my Father. I have a tiny suspicion that he’s known I’ve been listening in all along.
Phylida says crossly, “Enlighten us.”
I say, a little guiltily, “You said it yourself. You steal stuff all the time. Isn’t it possible that someone who you stole from just made sure that this time you got what you deserved?”
Harold harrumphs. “Zach, your son has a knack for seeing the truth.”
“I didn’t mean to be so frank,” I say, avoiding Harold’s eyes. All I can think of now is that, for some reason, he killed his own son. “It’s just that I thought the answer was pretty obvious.”
Harold digests the thought that perhaps he has finally reaped what he has sown. Phylida flitters around him like a fly, checking things out, prodding and poking. I wondered what is wrong with his heart, and how Phylida knows such things. It’s not as if we have all the medical equipment that they used to have before the gods destroyed everything.
“Why were you eavesdropping?” Father asks me as he settles me down into a chair. Harold is preoccupied with having his bandages changed.
“I saw an opportunity to learn something and I took it,” I say truthfully. There’s no point in denying it.
“Didn’t you trust us to tell you everything?” asks Father.
“No,” I say.
Father claps me on the shoulder, grinning. “Good. Don’t trust anyone. People hold things back.”
I analyze his words; don’t trust anyone. Does that include him?  I think back on the conversation I’ve just overheard and single out something that slipped by me at the time, something Father had said which doesn’t make sense.
“You said something about not having the guts to do the same thing.”  I study his reaction. He doesn’t even blink. “What did you mean?”
“You would’ve found out eventually,” says Father. “I shouldn’t have kept it from you for so long. I’m sorry.”
My stomach feels like it’s doing back flips. Father’s face is now torn with grief and guilt. I suddenly wish that I never asked. He’s going to tell me something horrible, I just know it. Should I change the subject?  I had come here with a totally different purpose in mind. But what if he never tells me?  I’ll always be thinking, wondering what Father’s tragic secret is.
“You have to come NOW!” Flynn screams, racing into the infirmary. His presence makes me jump.
Father’s position as parent vaporizes in an instant. Now he is all leader.
“What is it?” he demands.
Flynn looks a little sheepish. “I know you were supposed to be coming to talk to us at the meeting later but…”
Father cuts him off with a wave of his hand. “What meeting?”
Flynn’s look at me could pierce steel.
“I was about to tell him,” I tell Flynn. “Honest.”
“I couldn’t count on you, could I?” says Flynn.
The real reason for my visit had honestly slipped my mind. I’ve been bombarded with too much information and I still desperately need to know my father’s secret. Still, I suppose it can wait. I can talk to Harold later. Flynn obviously has dire news and my father isn’t setting out to find the God Cannon just yet. 
“Tell me,” Father asks sternly. His eyes are afire.
Flynn continues, “Some people turned up to the meeting early, and they started arguing among themselves, and they want you to come right now or they’re going to find you and force you to tell them”
I sigh. If only I’d walked straight into the infirmary and told Father about the meeting straight away. I had to go and eavesdrop. Now Father will think I'm unreliable and Flynn will label me a liar now as well as a thug. I can’t do anything right!
“Come with me, Flynn,” Father orders, storming out. He ignores me, like I’m not worth the effort of reprimanding.
In the distance I can hear a cacophony of shouting. There is a riot.

Chapter 14 – The Great Speech of Mayor Zachary Casper

I ignore Phylida as she orders me to stay behind. I know that my father can handle it, but I run after him and Flynn anyway. I can’t let him go and face the crowd alone. I don’t know what might happen. While I don’t think they’d attack him (the House respects father too much), the people think they are in danger. We could be in danger. Frightened humans are capable of anything, as proven by my attack on Flynn the other night.
“Father, wait!” I call. He continues to ignore me. I can hear Flynn telling him about the meeting and probably how I’d never intended to tell the mayor about it. 
I pass Milo and Megan, who are hanging around one of the corners on the way to the hall. They’re chattering excitedly amongst themselves and when I try to pass them Milo reaches out and grabs my hand. I don’t have time for him at the moment but he does look very upset.
“Ben!” Milo shouts. “Mother and Father are very angry.”
“They know Father wouldn’t let any harm come to them, don’t they?” I ask him, though I don’t expect an answer. Milo is too young to understand. 
“Are we going to die?” Megan asks. She is on the verge of tears. I give her a hug, tell her everything will be all right, and continue on my way to the hall. I pray I’m not giving her false hope.
The vast hall is packed with people. The vivid late spring sun scorches down through the glass roof illuminating every single family member of the House of Casper. Not a single one of them is quietly talking to themselves about the possible danger they are in. They are shouting at the tops of their voices, waving their arms about, and acting like a riotous mob. I see Father pushing through them to the stage, fending off individual protests and almost getting a punch in the face from Flynn’s mother. If I were Father, I would have hit her back. But he’s Zachary Casper, the mayor, and he’s more careful than that. 
I try to make out some of the individual voices. I need to discern who will cause trouble and who will follow the mayor’s advice. There is a lot of mumbling and sighing going on. I’m surprised to see Uncle John, my father’s brother and the father to Milo and Megan, standing with his wife, Lilly. They appear to be just as upset as everyone else. When I think of how distressed little Milo and his sister are, it suddenly brings it home for me, too. Father should have told us all what he and the others were up to a long time ago.
“We’ve become a powerful House,” I hear John say, pride emanating from his voice. “We’re a target now. I wouldn’t be surprised if one of the other Houses might try and attack us, just to see if they can.”
“We can handle anything they throw at us,” says Aunt Lilly proudly.
They see me watching them and shut up. I should say something, tell them they should trust Father, but I agree with their apprehensions. I want to tell them there and then that it isn’t the other Houses that we have to worry about. Then again what harm could the Order of Power really do to us?  They’d send a few people round to burn a few books and that’s it.  Yet if they were so ineffectual then why had Father posted guards all over the perimeter of The Glass Palace?  I’m starting to become confused now. Are we in danger or is Father just over reacting?
I thought Father trusted me now. Once again he hasn’t told me the whole truth.
Mayor Zachary Casper ascends the stage, walking tall and proud. He doesn’t show that he is affected by their undisciplined rabble. On the contrary, he smiles and claps to attract the attention of everyone present. In a few short seconds, the crowd goes quiet. All that can be heard is a few coughs and Milo and his twin giggling at the back. By now, I’m seething with anger at my father.
I make my way to the front of the crowd, finding myself next to Brian and Lottie. I smile at him but he ignores me. Lottie’s eyes reveal she wants to shoot an arrow into my chest. No matter what, I would never apologies to her. Feeling love for someone is not a mistake.
Father clears his throat. “Who organized this?”
Flynn’s father, Abe, puts his hand up timidly. The assembled throng turns to him and cheers. I don’t trust Abe one bit. If only he’d come to Father and told him what he thought instead of starting this. There’s no telling what direction this meeting could take. They could mob Father and hurt him, even if it would serve him right for keeping such massive secrets.
“I want to thank you,” says Father.
I nearly choke on my own saliva as Father walks off the stage, over to Abe, and promptly gives his hand a firm shake. Abe’s eyes are almost popping out of his head he’s so flabbergasted. The only person more surprised is his wife, who now looks a little ashamed.
“I don’t understand,” says Abe, mumbling his words. The man looks unnerved. I don’t blame him. I’m not sure what game Father is playing, but it’s a good one.
“I should have called a meeting the moment even a hint of danger to this House was revealed to me,” says Father humbly. I recognize that his words are genuine and not just political spin. My anger towards him abates just a fraction. “You have my eternal gratitude for bringing me to heel.”
“Don’t mention it,” Abe mumbles.
Father then confers upon Abe a huge hug. The crowd goes wild with screams, claps, and hoots. I know now that, no matter what Father tells them, they will be behind him one hundred per cent. Zachary Casper is an excellent politician. 
The mayor steps up the small set of stairs onto the stage to face his House once more. Father cares about them all, and knows them all by name and personality. He is more than a mayor. He is their benevolent grandfather. I not only need to know how to lead if I’m going to succeed as mayor, but know how to make the people care about me. They won’t just warm to me, even if I am inheriting the position. After the incidents with Brian and Flynn, I’m a pariah in their eyes.
I wonder what Father will tell them. Will he tell them the truth? Or will he make something up?  He is a good liar after all. 
“We could be in danger,” he addresses the crowd. A few more people file in; Rooster, Rosa and Mother. They mill around at the back. I see Mother give her husband a double thumbs-up and a gentle smile.
“What kind?” a voice shouts. It sounds like Flynn.
And that’s when Father does something that shocks even me. He gives them the truth. I watch the appalled faces of the members of the god slayers as father tells the same story he relayed to me last night, almost word for word. Each revelation is accompanied by a gasp. By the time he arrives at his conclusion, that he is to go out into the world and find The God Cannon, there comes such thunderous applause that I imagine the glass in the roof might shatter. Some people even have tears in their eyes.
“Are you sure?” Roman Tapping-Casper asks. He is one of Brian’s fathers, obviously his biological one. They have the same bushy eyebrows. His husband, Rafe, is standing quietly next to him. Rafe is part of the god slayers group. He doesn’t look too pleased with the mayor’s announcement.
“I know this is a lot to take in, but I tell you the truth,” says Father. He looks at Rafe and says, “Rafe, come up and join me. Tell them.”
Rafe glances at a shocked Roman and takes his hand. “I’m sorry I never told you.”
Roman pulls his hand away, and his husband reluctantly joins Father on the stage. Rafe then testifies that the mayor is telling the truth. Soon after that, Mother, Uncle Rooster, and then a tired looking Phylida hop up on stage and reveal their part in the conspiracy. By the time the meeting is over and Father asks for questions, I know most of the House has accepted his story. Instead of terror at an impending attack, they are now full of hope that their world could finally be free of the gods. 
“How long will you be gone?” Alaric Rover-Casper, our resident artist, asks. His hair is unkempt and floppy, and there is blue paint on his nose. He looks a mess, though he is talented.
“I’m not sure,” Father admits. I look from Mother, who has retreated to her position at the far back of the hall, to Father; they have eyes only for each other. Mother is crying. “I may be gone for nine months, maybe a year, maybe more. This is a complicated and dangerous mission, but it has to be done.”
“The gods never come here,” a voice protests. “So what’s the point?”
“The gods have flown near here on several occasions. Who can say when they will use our home as their stomping ground?” says Father. “We can’t take that risk, not any more. The lives of our children and grandchildren depend on me and the other god slayers.”
Nobody dares bring up the last time the gods had been near The Glass Palace. The only person to lose their life that day was Glory Casper. She had been the apple of Father’s eye and they all knew it.
“Do you really think the Order of Power is going to let you kill the gods?” Roman demands. “You know what they’re like. You told us yourself.”
There is a lot of murmuring after that. People had been wary, even afraid, of the Order of Power until they became a laughing joke. Now the terror is more palpable and real. I’m witness to couples clutching each other for safety and I don’t like it. I had hoped that informing the House about the dangers would ease their minds, but it’s proving to have the opposite effect. I suddenly realize that father has been right to keep it from them, but because of Flynn and my own actions, he’s been forced to tell them the truth. 
“We will deal with anything that comes our way,” Rafe assures him. “I promise to come back.”
“You don’t know that, Father!” Brian shouts. “We’ve already lost Skye. I don’t want to lose you, too.”
Rafe declares proudly, “I am the best warrior this House has produced!  This journey will be a test for me, sure, but I can survive it. We can survive it.”
“That is a promise from all of us,” says my father. “We will return, and we will return victorious.”
Lottie squeezes her husband’s hand. I envy her so much. She really loves him. Brian appears to be devastated and I’m glad he has someone to comfort him.
 “Who’s going to run the place while you’re gone?” Tabitha Nix-Casper asks. She’s in charge of keeping stock of all our supplies. She sports wicked grey hair and a flair for mathematics. “This place will fall apart without you!”
Father’s eyes turn to me, and I blush furiously. “That will be decided at a later date. We are not leaving for a few months yet, so I have plenty of time to train a replacement.”
I’m so relieved Father didn’t mention that I’d be mayor in his absence. I don’t think I’d be able to cope with the entire House grilling me or calling me too young to be in charge. Of course they would do that anyway, just not yet. I need Father’s help to prepare me for the role.
I creep away, passing weeping House members who imagine that their time upon this earth is almost up. I can’t stand there and listen to any more. They had been better off in the dark. At least they’d been ignorant and happy. I can’t say how much happier I would have been if I didn’t know. 
As Father assures them all that any threats posed by the Order of Power are non-existent, the crowd quiets down, but all I can think of is Harold. What if somebody had framed him and hoped that, in his weakened state with his hand missing, he would lead them back here?  No, that doesn’t make sense. Everyone knows where the House of Casper is located, even the Order of Power. They just don’t bother with us. Yet something is wrong about Harold’s predicament. I just can’t put my finger on it.
I meet up with Mother outside the hall. Her eyes are still moist from weeping. She looks about as pleased as I am about the whole situation.
“It’s my fault Father was forced to tell them,” I admit.
Mother smiles kindly and says, “Your father should have been more careful and not spoken in front of Flynn and Tara. It was very foolish of him. All you did was add fuel to the fire.”
I adore how Mother can make me feel better even while admitting I am partly to blame for this.
“Did you see the looks on their faces?” I ask her.
She nods sadly. “Look inside now, he’s calming them down a lot.”
“I can see that. But we aren’t in danger, though, are we?  Well, no more than usual. Father and the others are the ones who are really in danger here.”
She hugs me and says, “Yes, they’re in the greatest of danger. We just have to hope that they can take care of themselves.” She looks me in the eye. “You said you didn’t want to be mayor when you first came back from your Journey. Is that still true?”
“No, I don’t think it is. I want to be mayor. I’m not sure I’ll do such a great job at it, but you’ll be here to help me, won’t you?”
“I’m not going anywhere.”
And just like that, I have accepted it. I want to be mayor.

Chapter 15 – The Fall

I wake up that night with a headache. There is a whistling noise in my ears that threatens to burst my head open it’s so irritating. I climb out of bed, splash some warm water on my face, and stare into the mirror. My eyes are terribly bloodshot and there is a slither of blood running from my nose over my lip. I wipe it off with a towel and splash some more water over my face. I’ve never had a nosebleed before.
I trip over my bow when I head back towards my bed. I’d have really loved to learn to use it properly, but Brian isn’t speaking to me now.  He’ll never speak to me again after what I did, even though maybe I deserve it. But I’ll show him. I’ll learn to shoot an arrow by myself. I don’t need Brian. Lottie can have him.
So I dress, pick up my bow and quiver, and head outside. It’s dark, and the air is eerily calm like before a storm, but I don’t mind. I have quite good night vision, and there is a full moon out so there is decent light for me to see. I’d have the target range all to myself.
As I approach my destination, I notice shadow like figures standing around. I tense, expecting Felum or the Order of Power, but as I tiptoe closer, I can make out easily what they are. There are four of them, doing exactly what I had thought of doing; practicing their bow skills in the dark. I think about turning round and heading back inside until I see one of them catch my eye and groan.
“What are you doing here?” Tara demands. “Is it too much to ask to have one day free of you?”
“I didn’t know you’d be here,” I say defensively. She has no right to talk to me like that!
Tara snorts. “Yeah, right.”
Standing next to her is Flynn, who doesn’t appear nearly as hostile as he was yesterday. A bit further away, stringing their bows and ignoring me, are Brian and Lottie. It’s like some sort of meeting of the “We Hate Ben Casper Club” and I’ve gate crashed the proceedings. I’m so embarrassed I want to turn back around and go straight home.
No!  I won’t do that. I’m going to be mayor soon. I have to stand up to these people. If I can’t do it now then I probably never will.
“I’ve got as much right to use this target range as anyone else,” I say calmly. “You can’t stop me.”
Lottie twangs the string on her bow and mutters, “Pity.”
“He’s right,” says Flynn, shocking me. “We’re taking it in turns anyway so what does it matter if he’s here or not?”
I wonder what sort of game Flynn is playing. He appears to be genuine, though, so I let it go.
Brian looks at his wife. “Lottie?”
“As long as he doesn’t speak to me,” says Lottie snidely. “Or kiss my husband. If he doesn’t try either of these things, then fine.”
Brian is silent. He just looks at me and nods his head. I’m not even worth speaking to!  Is that how much he hates me now?  I clutch my bow so tightly I hurt myself. I feel so angry, so betrayed, that I could hit him, not kiss him. Brian is not the person I thought he was. If even Flynn can be civil to me, and I had assaulted him and threatened to have his family thrown out, then what hope do I have with Brian?  
Despite his cold treatment I still love him. I’m such an idiot.
I stand politely aside as Tara takes her turn. It appears she is an excellent archer in the moonlight as well, which doesn’t surprise me. I have this overwhelming urge to nudge her next time she takes a shot, but I don’t want to antagonize her any further.
“Why are you sticking up for me?” I whisper towards Flynn.
He puts his mouth closer to my ear. “Maybe your father was right to keep things a secret. My parents are in a real panic.”
“Everyone’s in a panic,” I say. “I’m not sure even Father’s sweet talk can stop it now.”
Flynn holds out his hand. “I’m sorry for being a pain.”
“I was upset over Skye leaving and everything with Father.” I shake his hand and we both smile. It feels good to make a friend. I don’t like being antagonistic with people all the time. I just hope I can make it up with Brian. I don’t imagine it will ever happen but I can wish for it.
As Flynn takes over with his bow, after being berated by Tara for making friends with me, I can’t help but listen in on Brian and Lottie talking as time ticks by.
“I’ve thought of some baby names,” says Lottie excitedly.
“Brian Junior if it’s a boy and Briana if it’s a girl,” says Brian, a happy smile lighting up his face. “What do you think?”
Lottie’s face falls. “Why don’t we just call it cowpat and be done with it?”
“What’s wrong with the name Brian?” 
“Nothing. It suits you. But it doesn’t suit our baby. What if we called it the name of the month it was born in?”
“It’s due in November, right?” says Brian.
Lottie’s face falls even further. “Oh. I liked the name June, but that’s not going to happen, is it?  This is so annoying. I always think of baby names when I can’t sleep and you always say they’re rubbish.”
I want to shout out that Brian is a wonderful name, but decide they probably won’t appreciate my input. Though I do think November might be quite an interesting name for a baby.
Thunder crackles in the distance. The hairs on my arms stand up and my teeth tingle. It’s a strange experience. I look at Brian and Lottie and see something is wrong with them too. They’re looking at something. I gaze up into the night sky. I see only the stars and a few rain clouds that are due to deliver their downpour. There is something else, though; a bright pinprick of light shooting downwards from space itself.
“Look over there,” says Tara. “I wonder what it is?”
“What do you think it is?” I say out loud, cutting Tara off. 
“It’s probably just the weather or something,” says Brian. 
Lottie shivers. “Do you feel that?”
I notice that Tara is looking in the opposite direction to where the rest of us are looking. I look at what has caught her eye and see something else in the distance. There is another dot of light coming, not from space, but from the direction of the coast and the sea.
“I heard that there’s a flying automobile out there somewhere that actually still works,” says Lottie with awe. “Perhaps it’s one of them?”
I know what those two dots of light are. We have to get out of here. 
Suddenly the two lights arrive. Like two comets streaking at near light speed across the sky they collide; the two gods, Mixcoatl and Ninurta. The sound of their arrival causes sonic booms and shockwaves to swell out around them like ripples. Every pane of glass in The Glass Palace shatters into tiny shards. The five of us out at the target range are flung backwards onto the ground, clutching our ears, the sound almost blowing out our eardrums. We all cry out in pain.
At the very instant their immortal bodies make contact, the fight begins with mindless, unadulterated violence. The first punch is fierce, delivered in the speed of light by Ninurta into the square jaw of his rival. The force of it alone could have crushed a human or split a mountain in half, but this blow is merely the touch of a moth’s wing. From my vantage point, on the ground, unable to get up, I can see them, hovering about twenty meters above the biggest dome. Mixcoatl is angry because of the punch. I can’t see his face exactly, I just know. Then he performs his devastating counter-attack. He transforms himself into a spinning whirlwind, a tornado. He launches himself at Ninurta, hurling the both of them miles further up into the clouds, whipping the clouds and the very air itself into their gravity like a massive whirlpool.
 Tornado is very, very angry.  Why do I know that?  I’d be angry if somebody hit me in the face, but it’s almost as if I can see his face in my mind, feel what he’s feeling.  Tornado/Mixcoatl’s emotions are so full of hate and malice and a concentrated desire to kill, it scares me.
“Please go!” I call out.
There is a roar that resembles the word “no!”  The two gods come hurtling back down again, zooming around the sky, before heading further back up into what remains of the clouds. We must be like ants to them. Do they even know we’re here?
I get to my feet first, my eyes initially taking in the sight about my home. The gods are merely blurred figures of light from this far way, lighting the night up with flashes of fireballs, lightening strikes and blood red sparks of energy that explode around them like fireworks. It is an awesome spectacle, a million times more a marvel than my first sighting of them. It is utterly breath taking. We all stare in silence.
“They’re beautiful,” says Brian.
We all nod in agreement. It is beautiful to see the gods in action, terrifying but brilliant.
“Make them go,” Lottie whimpers. I look at her, still on the ground, curled up into a fetal position. Her hands are clutching her arms and she is shivering in terror. I remember that Lottie had been with Glory the day she’d been killed. She’d seen her best friend, my sister, crushed to death.
There is another roar, loud like the pounding of planet size drums, and we put our hands over our ears again. The gods are shouting at each other!  What are they saying?  
“I’ve got to kill him...got to kill him...”
It is Tornado’s voice. I can hear it in my head like he’s standing right next to me!  How is this possible?  I try to pinpoint it and listen in further, hoping to get a viewpoint on what they want, but a vast noise like static attacks my brain. It hurts badly.
A blast of air emanates from the gods. One of them, Ninurta with the blue hair, flies backwards towards us. Brian screams and begins to pull a hysterical Lottie away, as the god ploughs into the ground, scything through the dirt and cracked concrete like its butter. We all manage to leap out of the way just in time.
Coughing and spitting muck out of my mouth, I pull myself to my feet. There is a huge furrow going all the way through the abandoned roads and up into the old train station. The trail left in the ground glows like fairy dust and steams like a frying egg. I touch the edge of it but pull my hand away. It’s very, very hot.
“Lottie?” Brian asks worryingly “Lottie?”
“I’m fine,” she cries. “I’m fine!”
The reality of the situation suddenly sinks in like a dagger to my back. The entire House is in grave danger. The shattered glass could have injured people. We need to get in there quick and evacuate. If even one spark of fire enters the House then the whole place could go up. The fight appears to be over for now but who knows when it could start up again?
I look towards the back entrance of the House. I can see my mother and Uncle Rooster and others milling around, unsure what to do. I wave to them and some of them came over. Mother has blood running down her head and arms and I run to her. If she’s hurt then I don’t know what I’ll do.
Mixcoatl lands in front of me.
“Do I know you?” he asks. His voice is soft, mild mannered, kind. He appears to be confused, like he doesn’t know where he is.
Everyone stops dead still and a dozen pairs of eyes lock onto the god. I don’t stop, though. I have to move forward and see him up close. I don’t know why, it’s a compulsion.
“I’m Ben,” I tell him. I’m not frightened. I feel quite calm. Why is that?  With one breath he could literally kill me.
Mixcoatl stares directly at me. He is tall, taller than Father. His face is square jawed and he has deep purple eyes like violets. He wears viridian robes that barely hide his mildly muscular frame. He breathes slowly as he examines me. I can feel his gaze scorching over me.
“I want to stop,” the god says. A tear trickles down his face.
“Then stop,” I tell him. “You’re a god. You can do whatever you want.”
He smiles warmly and says, “I want to stop…”
He holds his hand out to me. Uncle Rooster and Mother are standing nearby, clearly frightened, but simultaneously angry. The gods had killed my sister when she was only five years old. They don’t want me to end up the same way.
Everyone here sees a mythic figure of destruction, a killer. Five minutes ago I felt the same. But for some reason I don’t see a killer, or even a god. I see a man; a man who looks like he has the whole universe on his shoulders and desperately wants a break.
“Move aside!” Mixcoatl roars. Some invisible force of power hits the people surrounding him, and we’re projected backwards into the air. As I hit the ground, and I hear a bone crack in my arm, I see something huge in the air coming down towards where I’d just been standing.
“STOP!” shouts Mixcoatl.
It is a train carriage; old, rusted and dripping with wetness and slugs, being towed through the air with ease by Ninurta. The rival god laughs like a maniac and hammers the train down on Mixcoatl’s head. The carriage explodes into metal shards upon impact. I fear for Tornado when he powers through the train, straight into Ninurta, forcing him back into the air above the House. He deliberately moved us all aside so we wouldn’t be hurt. Why did he save us?  
“Ben!” says Rooster, running forwards and hugging me. “Are you alright?  What are you doing out here?”
“I couldn’t sleep.”
I look towards the entrance and my face pales. The rest of the people are going back inside. That’s the worst place they could be!  I witness Milo being pulled back by his parents. He waves frantically at me, his mouth begging me to save him, before he vanishes from view.
“What are they doing?” I cry, struggling to stand, my broken arm causing me great pain. “We have to get everyone out of there!”
“They think they’re safe in their homes,” says Mother. She’s pale, swaying on her feet, and there is blood literally gushing down her face now. I want so much to help her at the moment but I don’t know what to do.
“We won’t be safe until we get as far away from here as possible,” I rant. “You have to see that!”
“Ben, we can’t just abandon our home,” says Mother. She clutches onto Rooster as she almost topples over. “It’s all we have!”
I interrupt her. “The House is finished. We have to go!”
“Your father is still in there, trying his best to get them to leave,” says Mother. “If they won’t listen to him, then whom will they listen to?”
“Rosa’s in there too,” Rooster adds, clearly worried.
I’m struggling over what to do when Mother passes out in front of us. She’s still breathing, but quite heavily, and when I bend down to check her out I can see why. The blood I’d seen rushing down her face is coming from a massive tear down the back of her head. There is a shard of glass stuck in it. At that angle it would be inside her skull.
“Mother?” I cry. Every sound in the world seems to disappear. All I can see is my mother, on the ground, dying. I can’t lose someone else, not now. I have to save her.
I have to...
I have to...
I sense something coming from Mixcoatl, a flash of hate so intense it causes my stomach to lurch and all extraneous sounds come rushing back into my head. I look up to see Mixcoatl shoot off a huge fireball towards Ninurta. The blue haired god holds out his hands like a barrier and the fireball is deflected, sending it hurtling downwards at an alarming speed. I scream no, running forward, my dying mother temporarily forgotten, but the fireball crashes through the roof of the largest dome. There is an explosion so loud it seems to rip the breath from my lungs. Fire, red-orange and lethal, floods out of the House, spewing metal railings and melting plastic into the air like a coughing volcano. 
I don’t know what to say. Mother is dying, and Father could be dead, and I think I’m in charge now. 
“We have to...”
Brian cuts me off with, “Lottie, you stay out here and hide in the trees.”
Lottie can only nod. Her mind seems to have retreated to somewhere where her family is possibly still alive. I feel myself heading to that state myself. It feels good. If I ignore it all it might just go away.
Brian stares down at his wife and then turns to the others. He still refuses to look at me, despite the situation. “You lot, come with me. We have to help get everyone out of there quickly!”
Flynn and Tara nod. All I can do is stare at the flames spewing out from what remains of the hall roof, and the gods, who are a blur of lights and fire and energy. Things are happening so fast. What good would I be able to do as mayor?  Brian has so much more control than I do. He would be a far better leader than I could ever hope to be.
“Ben?” Brian screams. I’m so lost in my thoughts I don’t hear him. I watch him, Tara, Flynn and Rooster rush off and leave me, but I don’t really take any notice of them. All I can see in my eyes is the fire. All I can think is my family could be burning right now, and I can’t even move to help them. I’m even incapable of helping my own mother, who is right in front of me.
“Mother?” I whisper. She doesn’t move. I feel for a pulse and cry out. She’s dead.
Out of the corner of my eye, which isn’t even filling up with tears, I see Lottie make a desperate move forward. I grab hold of her arm.
“Let me go,” she protests. “I have to go in there!”
“You can’t afford to get hurt,” I tell her, feeling numb. “Think of the baby.”
She is crying. “But my family!”
I think of Father, and Milo and Megan, and Rooster. The very notion that they might be burning alive right now makes me vomit on the ground. I could go in there and rescue them. It’s what I have to do. I see the others near the entrance. Brian is in the lead, about to go back in the House to start rescuing people. I start running to catch them up. I can help. I can do this. Father doesn’t have to die, too.
“This is a book,” said Mother. “It has stories in it.”
I cocked my head, unsure. Stories came out of people’s mouths, not from these books. But Mama knew about things. I could trust her.
“What is it called?” I asked timidly.
She took my tiny hand in hers and said, “It’s about this magical world that exists on top of four elephants standing on a giant turtle.”
“What’s an elephant?” I wondered.
There is another roar, thunderous and more urgent than the rest. I instinctively look up and my stomach lurches. The gods are clinging to each other. Their bodies glow a hot red, like liquid metal, as they rip at each other’s bodies, freefalling down towards the House. I shout out to Brian but he doesn’t hear me. Before I have a chance to jump to the floor Mixcoatl and Ninurta smash into the House. The ground shakes. A huge slab of rock erupts up out of the earth and slams me aside, spinning me meters through the air. I hit the ground, my head throbbing, as everything around me judders, explodes and quakes. I know now how the people of the past felt when the gods started to destroy their world. I’m helpless as the House of Casper moans and the ground it stands upon crumbles.
Lottie screams as the quaking ground yanks her off her feet. Dirt showers me, lodging in my eyes, blinding me. I can only hear more explosions, the ground itself groaning as it splits and cracks, and the metal skeleton of my home collapsing in on itself. And there are the screams. These aren’t screams of the gods, they are the screams of my family, their death cries.
I call out but the ground still trembles beneath me. When I get onto my feet I’m knocked back down again. I hit my head against something and then it all goes dark.



BOOK TWO – UNDERGROUND



 Chapter 16 – Into the Darkness

There is a part of me that is desperately trying to convince the rest that what just happened is a nightmare. None of it could have really happened, because that would be stupid. I used to have nightmares about the House falling down, or my family dying. I know others who did the same. Phylida said it was anxiety or something like that. So all this really is a nightmare. My family isn't dead. My home isn’t destroyed. I’m not buried alive.
 I’m buried alive. I’d woken up some time ago. It feels like several days have passed. There is something pressing against me from all sides, trying to crush my body. There is a little space to shuffle around but that’s it. I’d realized quickly I was surrounded either by dirt or debris from the House. Either way, I was either on the verge of being crushed or had been sucked through a crack in the ground. I would run out of air soon, or starve to death. There is no way out.
No way out.
“Help me!” I shout. My throat is raw, and then I remember. I’ve been shouting for help for a while now. Shouting won’t bring help, because there is nobody left alive to dig me out of this pit.
“Help!” I shout again. 
And again, and again.
I try moving my arms but it’s no use. There’s maybe an inch or so of room for me to move and that’s it. If only I could manage to get my hand in a decent position I could try and dig my way out. 
A woodlouse scuttles through my hair and I fight the urge to desperately try and kill it. An insect can’t hurt me, even though it feels like just another woe piled on top of the others. 
Something rumbles in the background, and then I hear some sort of heavy snuffling. It has to be a mole. I like moles, they make good stew, and their fur can be turned into gloves for the winter. I’m glad it is only a mole. The ground seems stable enough now. I hear something, and I’m sure this time it isn’t a mole or some other underground creature. Is it the fire taking hold of what remains of the House?  Have the gods moved their fight elsewhere?
They’re all dead. Nothing could have survived that; the fires, the explosions, the gods shattering the earth, and the House collapsing. For anyone to survive it would have to be a miracle. Yet, I survived it, even though I have been granted a temporary reprieve. What if there are other survivors?  Maybe Milo or Father has escaped and are now making their way to the House of Rowan or somewhere else to start anew. Maybe they are looking for me right now, and all I have to do is shout a little bit more and I’ll be rescued! 
I start to hear voices in my head and they scare me. I don’t want to go insane before suffocating to death. I try to focus on what they’re saying but it’s just a fuzz of words. I decide that if I have to go mad I might as well make my final few moments of sanity interesting. All I have to do is strain to comprehend what they’re saying.
“There’s no...could have...that,” says the first voice. All I can tell is that it’s male. Perhaps it’s the adult I could’ve been if I hadn’t died.
“...heard a...keep going...” says the second voice, which is clearly female. I don’t know what she’s supposed to represent. 
I’m telling myself that I’m already dead and I’m not. I’m still very much alive. There’s still a spark of life in me yet, even if I am just waiting for the air to run out and death to claim me. Cramped up so tight in such a small space, I should’ve died ages ago. Why haven’t I?
There must be air getting through.
Great. Now I’ll starve to death instead of suffocate. I think that dying from lack of air would’ve been less painful. I’d heard starvation could be quite a grim death. I don’t want that. I don’t want any death at all, come to think of it, painful or otherwise. What’s wrong with me?  Why have I convinced myself that death is a more preferable state than life?
“I want to live!” I shout. Everyone I love is dead but I’m not, not yet, and that’s something to be thankful for. Maybe I have time now to sort through the feelings in my head before the time comes. Wasn’t it a massive coincidence that, just as Harold finds out where the God Cannon is located, the gods end up killing him and the House? If I didn’t know any better I’d think the gods had specifically targeted the House for destruction.
I hear a bang above me. I grow frightened once again, thinking the gods are back. Maybe they had destroyed the House on purpose and they knew there was a survivor and had come back to finish me off. It occurs to me that I’m in a coffin and I start to panic again, fearing death one second, embracing it the next. I don’t know what to think or what to feel. 
“Is that you, Ben?” a voice calls.
The voice doesn’t sound like it’s in my head anymore. It’s coming from somewhere else, somewhere above me. The voice is muffled and low but much closer now and my mind tells me the voice belongs to someone I love, even though it isn’t possible as they’re dead. Suddenly hope swells within me. 
Please let this be real.
“Ben!” the voice shouts again. “I’m coming, try not to move!”
This isn’t a trick, is it?  This is real. The gods are gone for now and I’m being rescued. I can’t believe it.
“Father!” I scream. “Father!  Father!”
“Ben!” he shouts. “I’m coming!  Hold on!” I hear more voices, and clanking and bashing sounds. 
“I’m down here!” I yell, ignoring the bits of muck that fall in my mouth. “Father, I’m right here!”
There is a rumble above me. I instinctively try to cover my eyes with my hands, but of course I can’t move them. Suddenly the stone above me starts to creak ominously and I fear I’m about to be crushed. A shaft of light pierces through, hitting my leg. This time I would be completely buried. I panic, and my breathing comes out in ragged gasps, and I pass out.

I open my eyes steadily. The bright light of an early spring sun burns into my eyes, and I close them again. The warmth of the light feels good on my face, and my lips feel moist, like I’ve recently had a drink of water. 
I’m lying on my back. My mouth tastes of dirt. My stomach rumbles from hunger. The fresh air smells like roasted pork, melted plastic and smoke. My body aches, bruised, and there is a horrible pain emanating from my arm, which I think is broken, but other than that I’m alive. I have survived being buried alive. 
“Mother,” I whisper, suddenly remembering. My memory forces me to experience the pain of seeing her die all over again. 
I jump to my feet, startled. There is a bandage wrapped around my right knee, and my broken arm throbs hellishly. I suddenly realize what the smell of roasted pork actually is and I dry heave a couple of times. I have nothing left in my stomach to vomit up. The smell is my family, burned alive in the fires of the House.
“No!”  
They must have been in so much pain. They must have been so scared. How could the gods do this?  What was the point of them?  I just wish Harold had told me more about his finding of the whereabouts of The God Cannon. 
I’m near the outer edge of the forest. The landscape around me is so different to what I’m used to. It might as well be a completely new place. The trees of the forest had been uprooted as the ground under them erupted. The ground for at least a mile around is jagged and messed up, like an almighty beast has ploughed it. There is no sign of the sheds or the fields of vegetables. They’ve all been sucked underground. 
The worst of the damage is confined to The Glass Palace itself, or what’s left of it anyway. Half of the building has collapsed into the ground, and the rest is a burning wreck, the flames of the fires still burning hot and strong and reaching up so high as to reach the clouds. It doesn’t look like a palace made of glass anymore; a sparkling edifice where over seventy people lived and were happy. Now it’s just another ruined city like the thousands of others in the world.
Yet there are survivors. I’m proof of that. Father had saved me, hadn’t he?  Where is Father?  Why has he left me here alone to deal with this?  Maybe I imagined it. Maybe I’d dug myself out and my mind, still in mourning, had conjured up the whole rescue thing. It had seemed so real. 
I look around me and spy equipment: two spades and a pickaxe. That must’ve been where they’d dug me up. But where were they?  I figure that they are probably out looking for other survivors. I hope there are more, a lot more. We have nowhere to live now but that doesn’t matter. 
“Ben?” a voice whispers.
I jump, almost tripping over something on the floor right next to me. It is a figure, covered in dirt, moaning and lying on their back. Through the muddied hair and wild eyes I make out Lottie. She has dried blood around her hands as she tries to use her arms to stand up. She’s too weak, and she ends up falling back onto the floor again. I sit beside her so she doesn’t hurt herself further.
“Lottie?” I cry, so glad to see her I could hug her.
“I never expected to see you alive. I saw the ground swallow you up like a huge gaping mouth.”  She surprises me with a hug. Now that I can see her up close, I can see the dried tears on her face.
“Are you alright?” I ask.
She sniffs. “I think so. When I heard someone shouting from under the ground, at first I thought it was Brian.”
“It was you who heard me?”
“I thought you were Brian.”
She clutches my arm, pulling it. It hurts abominably where the bone is broken but I don’t even try to pull away. She’s in shock and she needs me. 
“That man invited the gods’ wrath on us,” says Lottie. “He, your father and the others wanted to kill them, but they knew and they destroyed us.”
I want to disagree with her, as there is no way we could know that. There was no way any mortal could know the mind of a god, but the coincidence is too great for it to be dismissed easily. 
“I want the gods punished,” seethes Lottie darkly. She glares up at the sky, her eyes glazing over with fear. She starts mumbling, lies back down and falls asleep.
I look around me, to make sure I haven’t missed anyone else. That’s when I see Father dragging something towards us across the churned up dirt. It’s Tara. I know she is dead the moment I set eyes on her. Her whole body is covered in black, dried up blood and I can see her brain through a gaping hole in her skull.
“Is that the only body you’ve found?” I ask him. This is no time for hellos and such. We can both see that the other is alive.
“No,” says Father calmly. His eyes briefly seek out Lottie, now sleeping peacefully. “There have been others. I’ve just buried them.”
“Father, about Mother...”
He puts his hand on my shoulder. “I buried her first. I know she wanted to be buried next to Glory, but her grave vanished underground.”
The thought of my little sister’s tiny body being sucked into the dirt enrages me.  I tell myself it was just a body and that the person she'd been is long gone to the darkness but it still makes me shiver. Mother is there now, too, in the darkness where souls swim.
Father tells me about all the bodies he’s pulled out so far. Each and every name is like another wound to my body. I knew them all. We were all a family.
Most of the dead seem to belong to the people who had followed mother and Rooster out before the gods destroyed the place. Father says it’s too dangerous to try going back in the House, while it’s still on fire. While in principal I agree with him, I wonder whether there is still anybody left alive in there.
When I’ve finished burying Tara I hear an almighty scream. Father and I tense, and rush back to where we’d left Lottie sleeping. I couldn’t bear it if a wild animal or a Felum had attacked her.
“Lottie!” I cry. She is hugging someone, but she is crying with joy.
“Brian,” I whisper. Suddenly every death doesn’t seem so bad. 
He seems uninjured. He is covered from head to foot with dirt and dried blood, and his hair is a mess but apart from that, he appears fine. Even in this state, he looks handsome.
“Brian!” I call. He directs me a look that could wither a flower and I stop, heartbroken. Even after all this, he is still acting this way with me. 
“Are you alright?” I ask carefully.
“I’m fine,” he says curtly. “Just don’t come too close.”
I grow angry. “Is this the time for your stupid feud with me?”
“It’s not that,” he says, though his voice is still mean. “I was buried with your Uncle Rooster and I pulled him out too. He’s in a bad state.”
Near Brian’s feet is my uncle. His eyes are closed and his breathing jumpy, but he appears to be fine. It isn’t until I look closely that I see it. The right side of his torso is a mess of blood and gore. I can even see some sort of internal organ, white colored like a worm, poking out. His right hand is crushed into a bloody pulp, too. I can’t even make out his fingers.
“I don’t think he’ll make it,” says Brian.
“You’re not a doctor,” I spit at him, suddenly hating Brian. He still treats me like garbage while everyone we love is dead. 
I run from the scene, trying to ignore the odor of death around me. It’s just too much. I crave to be away from here and away from the gods and Brian and stupid Lottie. I’m sick of them all. All I want to do is be back out there in the world, living free like I’d been on my Journey. Instead, I’m burying my family. 
I find myself next to a fallen doorway. Inside I see a few small fires still burning and the odd charred corpse. I can’t tell who they are. Maybe one is Phylida, or Uncle John, or Rosa.
And then I see him. I roar with grief and sink to my knees. He had been crawling towards the door as the fire claimed him. His face is still there, forever set in a grimace of pain. I scream. 
Milo.

Chapter 17 – Brother Willow

During the course of a long, tiring day, we locate and bury another ten dead bodies. That leaves a lot of House members still unaccounted for. Flynn can’t be found, and he’d been outside at the time of the attack. I desperately want to find him. 
Uncle Rooster is still unconscious when night comes. His condition appears to be stable, which we’re thankful for. I start to believe that maybe he will pull through. I haven’t much hope left in me, but it forces me to carry on.
I arrive back early from gathering firewood to find Rooster’s eyes glaring at me in the dark. There is nobody else about and the sight causes me to drop my branches in surprise.
“Uncle?” I whisper.
He shushes me, and I run to him, almost falling over in my haste. I kneel down by him and take his hand. He coughs and then he offers me a big smile.
“How are you feeling?” I ask him.
“Where are the others?” he wonders. He sounds suspicious.
“We’re out collecting firewood but they should be back soon.”  He shushes me again, and I start to feel that something is very wrong. He’s never acted like this before.
“What’s wrong?”
He says, voice trembling, “Something terrible happened.”
I sigh. He’s obviously taken a very bad knock to the head. I know it could be worse, but Uncle Rooster has a very distinct personality.
“The gods destroyed the House,” I say sadly. “There was nothing any of us could do about it.”
“I haven’t lost my mind,” Rooster snaps angrily. “I know what happened. It was what happened before the gods arrived that was terrible. I was in a state because Rosa had stayed behind with Phylida to help tend to Harold and so, when I awoke in the middle of the night to find she still hadn’t come back yet, I got up and headed for the infirmary to see what was going on.”
He starts to cry. All I can do is squeeze his hand to reassure him that I’m here for him and wait for him to continue.
“When I got there I found Phylida and Harold dead. They’d had their throats slit and left to bleed all over the floor. You should’ve seen all the blood.” 
He has to be wrong. If there was a dispute, we solved it. Nothing had ever gotten that far before. But Rooster is scared, his eyes glazed over with a fear I’ve never seen on him. 
“Is Rosa alright?” I ask.
“She wasn’t there,” he answers. “I rushed out to find her and then we heard the gods and the glass shattered and from then on it’s really a huge blur. I was sucked into the ground, I think.”
I tell him he had been, and he starts crying again. His two oldest friends have been butchered and his betrothed has gone missing. I know Rosa is most likely dead but don’t dare to voice my suspicions.
“Phylida was my first crush,” Rooster admits. “I loved her so much and then she married someone else. I never told her.”
Uncle Rooster coughs and winces in agony. Fresh blood oozes down his side to congeal in the dirt. 
“I know who did it, though,” says Rooster.
I look into his eyes as his lips tremble and I ask, “Who?”
“I just don’t know why,” says Rooster. “It doesn’t make any sense. I was just going back in with the others to help before the House collapsed. I saw him catch up to Rosa, who was just making her way to freedom. He grabbed her by her hair, her lovely red hair, and pulled her back and slashed her throat open like she was a pig being slaughtered for meat. I looked into his eyes and he grinned as my love’s blood gushed over his hand.  We wanted a baby, you know...
“I was so close, I could touch her hand, but by then the ground was quaking and I hit my head and...Why did he do it? Harold told me his suspicions but... here, take this and don’t tell a soul about it.”
His hand shoves something surreptitiously into my jacket pocket. I’m about to ask him whom the murderer is when something hard smashes into the back of my head. I go backwards into the dirt and look up to find the heel of a thick black boot about to come down onto my face. I grab the ankle of my attacker and twist, causing them to fall onto me.
It’s my father.
“Father?” I exclaim. He elbows me in the nose, then jumps to his feet and brings his boot back onto my head again. I feel dazed. The pain I experience trebles when he strikes me again with his foot, this time against the broken bone in my arm. I clearly hear more bones crack.
“What did he tell you?” Father demands. His tone is different. He now sounds pitiless and cruel, and it terrifies me more than the warring gods.
“I didn’t tell him anything,” Rooster pleads. He is weeping openly now. “He knows nothing.”
Father kicks me in the stomach as I try to stand, and I stumble back again. I just can’t seem to stand up, I’m so dizzy and in so much pain, but I need to get up. I need to help Uncle Rooster.
“Leave him alone, please” Rooster begs. “I didn’t tell him anything, I swear to you. Leave him be!”
“I know you didn’t tell him anything,” says Father, grinning. “But you know something that could destroy the gods, so that makes you expendable.”
“Zach, no!” Rooster cries.
Father pulls a sharp serrated knife out from a side pocket. It’s covered in wet blood and gore. He advances on Rooster and, as I finally manage to get myself to my feet, ignoring the bottomless pain coming from my broken arm, Father slams the knife into my uncle’s throat. Blood gurgles out of his mouth for a second, and his body gives a violent spasm, before his eyes shut.
I can only stare as my father casually pulls out the knife he has just murdered his own brother with. He wipes the blood off on his jacket, the jacket Rooster had found for him in an abandoned house. With a glint in his eye he turns back to face me. 
None of this is real. I have to be underground still, my mind playing tricks on me. 
“He was wrong,” says Father coldly.
I can’t ask him what he’s wrong about. My lips refuse to move. There are no words to express how I feel. I want this to be the mad delusion of a man buried alive but the pain I feel is as real as the clouds in the sky. Father has murdered Uncle Rooster in cold blood.
“My name isn’t Zach,” says Father. “It’s Brother Willow. Zachary Casper is such an offensive name, though I suppose it did suit HIM.”
He’s making no sense. I try to ask him what he’s talking about, wonder whether he’s gone insane from grief, but I still can’t manage to say a word. I think I know it’s real, that Father isn’t mad at all, even though he does appear to be talking to himself rather than me.
“You will be one of us,” Father tells me.
“I’m already one of you,” I say, confused. “What’s wrong with you?  Why are you acting like this?”
  Father ignores me and goes on. “You are strong, both intellectually and physically, though a bit naive. That will change.”
I wonder where Brian and Lottie are. A part of me wants them to come and wake me up from this nightmare. Father won’t hurt them too, will he?  They’re hardly more than children. I’m hardly more than a child, even though I’m supposed to be an adult now. 
“Why are you gawping like that?” Father snaps. He charges forward and backhands me across the face.
“STOP!” I scream. I can taste blood in my mouth. I feel a tooth fall loose. All I want to do is to hit Father back until he bleeds too but I can’t. He’s my father.
“You’re thinking there has to be some explanation for this, aren’t you?” says Father as I crawl slowly backwards away from him. Each time I put pressure on my broken arm more pain shoots through me. I feel weak and pathetic. I feel like I’m being hunted. “There is an explanation, but I’m not going to give it to you. I’ve observed you enough over the years to realize you can work it out on your own if you think hard.”
“Father, please,” I beg, holding my hands out to stop him. He just bats them aside and hits me in the face again.
“Use that brain of yours!” he roars. “Tell me!”
“Father...” I begin, but he hits me again, harder this time, enough to make my nose bleed, enough to make me cry.
“I can continue hitting you until your skull cracks,” says Father. “Tell me what I am.”
I do as I’m ordered, desperately scared and fearing that he will split open my skull just to teach me a lesson. I piece together all the bits of information he has given me in the last five minutes and compare it to things I already know. It’s quite obvious. The total shift in personality, calling himself Brother Willow, and the way he speaks of the gods, Harold’s bitter memories of what had happened to his son. There is only one explanation that fits and the thought of it causes my stomach to boil. I feel such anger I could kill something, and my rage takes me to the night I’d beaten up Flynn. I could’ve killed him then, too.
“The Order of Power did something to Father’s brain to turn him into you,” I say, the words like ash on my tongue. “They do things like that, according to Harold. Father’s dead, isn’t he?”
I can deal with Father going insane from grief but this is something totally different. I beg for it not to be true.
“Your Father is dead,” he says smugly. “When my personality fully took over just yesterday so I could slice up all those heretics the person you called Zachary Casper ceased to exist.” 
“No!”
“This is my body now.”
You can’t get rid of a personality like Zachary Casper. I know there has to be traces of him in there somewhere. There just had to be. Otherwise, I’d have to accept that Father really is gone.
Brother Willow smiles. “Don’t cry for him, Ben Casper. Mourning the dead is an ineffectual pastime. Your father was a heretic and he, like his stupid god slayer friends, deserved to die.”
“Phylida was a doctor, she helped people!” I shout. “All she did was help people!  There wasn’t a bad bone in her body!  And Harold, he was a good man. What you did to them, and to Rooster and Rosa, is monstrous and evil.”
“It was something they deserved because they betrayed the gods by conspiring to kill them.”  Brother Willow held his dirt-encrusted hands towards the sky. “Serving the gods is something to be proud of. Loving the gods is something to cherish!”
I spit on the ground. “That’s what I think of your gods.”
He stamps his foot down on my broken arm and I howl in pain. I’ve never experienced anything like it.
“Make yourself proud and join us!” 
“You’re going to take me whether I agree or not,” I snarl.
He punches me in the face, whips out his knife, and holds it to my throat. “Yes, I will. We need all the members we can get these days. For some reason, the populace’s faith and love for the gods is almost non-existent.”
“They destroy! How can you love something that destroys?”
“They are the gods,” says Brother Willow, seemingly genuinely confused about my comments. “We are here to serve them, to love them, and to worship them. We are not here to question them.”
“Then what’s the point of living and worshipping them if they can just come down and kill us any time they want?”
“They are gods. We are not here to question them.”
“Is that your answer for everything?”
He pushes me onto my back. Something hard pierces into my shoulder and I cry out in pain. Brother Willow laughs as he tosses his knife from hand to hand, like he seems to be contemplating where in my body he would like to stick the blade. The blood on it is still wet; the blood of my family.
“You can fight with me if you want, but it won’t do you any good,” he says. “I’m just a better fighter than you are, and you’re just an injured child who just wants his daddy to come back. I’ll give Zachary Casper some credit, though. He certainly knew how to keep his body trained.”
“I can take you down,” I spit.
Brother Willow shakes his head sadly. “You might. Maybe, if it were just the two of us, but very, very soon it won’t just be the two of us. A full force of Brothers and Sisters are due to arrive to take the survivors back for repurposing any minute. They probably met the pregnant bitch and her husband in the woods and took them down first. That will be exciting!  We’ve only ever raised a few Brothers and Sisters from birth before and they always turn out quite excellent! Lottie’s baby will be perfect for us.”
Brother Willow grins wickedly and says, “The man you love shall also make an excellent Brother. I think I’ll make you watch as I murder him.”
“Leave Brian alone,” I stammer. “Just leave him alone.”
He holds out his hand to me. For the briefest of moments, I see my father staring right back at me. There is the same twinkle in the eye that Father gets when he’s being kind. But I’m being stupid. This monster may wear Father’s body but this thing’s depraved personality makes sure I would never mistake the two ever again. I want this creature dead.
I feel underneath me for the stone that is digging into my shoulder and I’m surprised at what I find; it’s an arrow. The dark morning training session seems like an eternity ago now, another lifetime. I try to suppress a grin as I pull it from the earth and stick the razor sharp arrowhead into Brother Willow’s left kneecap. He screams in agony as I jerk the arrow out and thrust it towards his other knee. He kicks at my hand, dislodging the bloody arrow. I jump to my feet and run, ignoring the moans as they pull at my conscience. He’s not Father, I tell myself. Ignore him!
“They’re coming!” he shouts. “There’s nowhere to run!”
I hide behind a pile of rubble that resembles something scarred and ancient, the relics of a thousand year-old dead civilization. Two days ago it had been part of my home, a vibrant House where people worked and lived and loved. Maybe it was even the wall of my quarters, or the floor of the place where my parents raised me. The Glass Palace is nothing but a smoking wreck now. 
I sniff and gag. The smell of smoke and charred bodies still clogs the air. I can hear an owl hooting merrily in the distance and up above, the stars twinkle eternally. How can life be so much the same when everything has changed?
Brother Willow’s cries of pain keep going on and on. Perhaps I’d been a little bit too extreme, too violent, in my bid to escape him. It’s not like me to lash out like that. Then again maybe it is. I’d hit Flynn in a reckless manner, which in turn had caused a whole series of events to unfold. 
No, I think. I decide I hadn’t been violent. I was only trying to protect Father. I hope Flynn has somehow escaped alive, but I know it’s impossible. I’ll never forget him. Even though I’d done terrible things to him, he’d still had enough courage to shake my hand and make amends with me. He could’ve been a great friend.
“You will be a Brother!” Willow roars. His voice is choked with pain. “You will serve the gods!”
I try to tuck myself up into a tight ball, a sort of fetal position, behind the stones, hoping he can’t see me. I don’t want to be a Brother!  The gods are destructive and evil and they need to be stopped. Only Harold had known the specifics, where the God Cannon was. Harold’s dead now, and his secret has gone to the grave with him. What can I do?  How can I stop the gods now?  
“It is true that I am not spiritually your father,” says Brother Willow. He sounds like he’s controlling his pain now. “I am, however, blood related to you. We could still be father and son after your brain has been repurposed. Would you like that?”
I clench the fist of my good arm. The very thought of calling this monster such a title, the monster that had erased my father, disgusts me.
“This is just silly,” says Brother Willow. “Hide and seek is for children. Come out now, son, your father awaits you.”
My anger surges through me. I scream loudly out of rage and stand up to face the Brother. He is standing not two meters away, grinning at me with a victorious expression on his face. He is ignoring the blood that seeps from the wound on his knee. He just stares. I freeze.
“You have made a wise decision,” he says.
“I’m going to kill you,” I promise him. “You are not my father and I will kill you.”
“I can hardly walk what with what you did to my knee, but something tells me you won’t kill me.”  Brother Willow puts his hands in his pockets and smiles. It’s something which father liked to do when he was thinking about a particularly tricky problem. 
He takes out his knife again, lays it on his palm, and holds it out. 
“You have my permission to slash my throat,” says Brother Willow.
“What?” I ask. 
“You heard me,” says Brother Willow. “Slash my throat or stab me in the heart. I won’t do anything to stop you.”
I look at the knife. I imagine it plunging into Brother Willow’s heart or slicing across his throat. To kill him would be as easy as breathing and I’m almost sure that he’d let me do it. He is right, though. The spirit inside may be different, but the flesh is still Zachary Casper. I could take the knife now and end it, but we both know I’m incapable.
“You should be able to do it,” Brother Willow snaps.
“Stop torturing me.”
“I killed your father and you should be able to kill me.”
“Stop!”
He slips the knife back into his pocket and, with a sneer, says, “It seems I was wrong. You are not strong in spirit. You’re pathetic. The sooner we get rid of Ben Casper the better.”
 “One day, I will be able to kill you,” I promise him.
“You only had one chance, and that was one minute ago. You’ll never have another.”
I need to run, find somewhere else to hide. I’ve made a mistake in staying so close to the demolished House. I should have just run and kept on running. My broken arm needs to be put into a splint and I need time to recuperate. This man is wrong. I will gather up the courage to kill him and I will do it. To get my revenge, I need to be as far away from here as possible. How can I get past him?  He does appear to be partially propping himself up. He won’t be able to chase me with the damage that I’ve done to his knee.
Brother Willow looks at me, and I know he can see that I’m about to take flight. He lunges forward and climbs over the other side of the rubble. My foot catches on something, a metal girder sticking out of some concrete, and I trip and fall headfirst into a pile of blackened boulders. I see stars for a moment as Brother Willow hobbles toward me. I kick out at his injured knee and he screams and goes down on the ground. He appears to be unconscious.
I get up, ready to run, when I hear screaming and shouting. I turn to look at the edges of the forest, seeing lamps of low light bobbing around in the air seemingly of their own volition. That’s when I see several figures emerge, glowing globes affixed to their chests to illuminate their path in the night. Shackled together with metallic manacles like mistreated animals are Brian and Lottie, pushed along by figures that I realize instantly are Brothers of the Order of Power.
“They’re here at last,” says Brother Willow, coming unsteadily to his feet. I ignore him as he moves forward a few paces. I can only look at the expression of defeat on Brian’s face.
Assembling before me is four young men, only a few years older than myself. The last member is a woman, maybe middle aged, with hard, cruel eyes. Each has a meticulously shaved head, even the woman, with a strange symbol tattooed on their scalps in black ink. I think the symbol is supposed to represent the gods. They all wear similar clothing, a pristine white material that is stained and dirty from some sort of fight. The older woman is clean, though her face does sport a vivid purple bruise.
“Sister Faun!” Brother Willow calls. He appears genuinely pleased to see her.
The woman’s wrinkled face creases into a radiant smile as she looks towards the man who has stolen my father’s body. She mutters some instructions I can’t quite hear towards the Brothers, who salute her with respect, before she walks forward. Lottie spits at her feet.
“You murdering pigs,” roars Lottie.
Sister Faun turns her red eyes onto Lottie and slaps her so hard across the face that the force of it almost makes the two of them topple over. Brian struggles in his bonds but one of the Brothers slams him on the back with some sort of wooden club. I wince as the man I think I love crumples to the ground in pain.
“It’s been a while since we’ve met in person, Brother Willow,” Sister Faun greets. “How have you been?”
“I could’ve been in worse bodies,” he answers.
Sister Faun grins. “It’s in quite good shape, for its age.”
“I suppose,” he concedes. “You look good too, for your age.”
As she reaches my father-- Brother Willow -- she embraces him and gives him a long, sensual kiss on the mouth. Brian is bashed a few more times by some of the Brothers. 
“You’re late,” he admonishes her. Any undercurrent of flirting is now gone.
“The gods caused more widespread damage than we’d initially realized,” she explains, her tone all-professional once again. “We had a little trouble getting past some of our regular routes.”
“The gods were quite determined.”  Brother Willow seems thoughtful. “I’d never seen them so angry before.”
“Who are we to wonder of their moods?”
“But we do wonder.”
Sister Faun’s eyes suddenly zone in on me, and I can’t help but gasp. It hadn’t been a trick of the light after all; the woman’s eyes are completely red, like dye has bled over her corneas. It makes her look positively demonic.
“He looks like you,” she says.
“I look like my father,” I tell her.
We continue to stare at each other, like two stray cats waiting for the opportune moment to pounce. Her eyes, her blood red eyes, seem to want to devour me. I want to pull away. I try desperately to pull away, but I can’t. 
“Destroy him,” Sister Faun commands. Her eyelids don’t flicker. “Kill the boy, and create something new.”
“Yes,” says Brother Willow. He briefly looks at me and, even though I can’t keep my gaze away from Sister Faun, I can see from the very corners of my eyes a savage pleasure in her gaze. 
Run! I tell myself. Run! Run! Fight them!
Ice-cold fingers caress my chin. It is Sister Faun. I didn’t notice her approach me. 
“You won’t miss who you were,” she coos gently. “In fact you’ll not remember him at all.”

Chapter 18 – The Room of White and Silver

I wake with a dizzy head. I look around me and see nothing but a white space. The tiles that pave the walls are white, and the ceiling is white, and the thin gown I’m wearing is white. The cupboards lining the walls are silver, and there are trays that are silver and polished, too. Is this some kind of medical bay? It’s certainly a lot tidier than Doctor Phylida’s infirmary. 
“Phylida.”
Phylida is dead. For a second there, I’d almost forgotten. They are all dead. Mother and Uncle Rooster and Milo… everyone. Only four people had survived the god’s massacre, and they were about to suffer a fate worse than death. I will be one of them. My personality and my mind are going to be cut out and replaced with murderous and vile tendencies. I will be loyal to nothing but the gods. I don’t want to end up like Father.
What had they done to him?  I almost wish they’d just killed him. I could live with that. I could bury him and move on. That thing is riding his body, killing people with his hands, the hands that had raised me. I need to destroy the body. I have to destroy it. Brother Willow had actually given me the opportunity to kill him, and I’d been too weak to do it
I’m strapped tight to a shiny silver table. No matter how hard I squirm, my bonds stay firm. Above me is some sort of complicated machine that hangs suspended from the ceiling. It seems to hover over me like a monster, blinking orange lights and emitting a faint buzz. I expect it to come crashing down at any moment, but it appears to be perfectly still. Maybe it’s the device they use to scrape away your old mind and put in the new one.
A door creaks open. I try to mentally prepare myself for what’s to come. I won’t beg. I won’t cry. I will die with dignity. The Order of Power won’t make me wail like a baby. I will struggle, though, and I will threaten and annoy them, anything to make their work more difficult. 
I know there is no chance of escape. 
“The cleaners have done such a good job,” says Brother Willow. The tone of his voice is slightly higher than Father's now, jollier. “A procedure went disastrously wrong last week with one of the Felum and let’s just says the walls were a shade of red for a while.
“Why are we experimenting on Felum, you wonder?  We want to make them smarter.”
“I’ve met a smart Felum,” I tell him smugly.
He laughs. “There’s no such thing. They have slightly higher intelligence than your average cat, but that’s about it. The Felum haven’t the brains for anything approaching human intellect.”
“Yet I had a conversation with one.”  I try not to act any smugger, but I can’t help it. “He made friends with me.”
“I don’t believe you.” Brother Willow stops talking. I can almost feel his anger like red-hot heat. I have told him something that he believes is impossible. Am I lying or am I joking?  I relish the fact that I’ve bamboozled him.
His shoes clap-clap across the hard floor and a shadow looms over me. I still can’t see him, but I can hear him breathing.
“The cleaners only know one thing; cleaning,” Brother Willow continues. He appears to be just standing there, the subject of the Felum casually swept aside as if it was nothing. “They don’t have any human emotions. They sleep in boxes and eat nutritional slop. They just live to clean.”
“That’s horrible,” I say. 
“Convenient, though. Like the kitchen staff, who are programmed to just cook and the People of the Bay who are programmed to see to our sexual desires. Everybody has a purpose. Even the Brothers and Sisters of the Order of Power are the same. We are more or less full personalities, but we live to serve the gods.”
“I’m not feeling sorry for you,” I say, but to a certain extent I honestly do. Maybe this Brother Willow hadn’t had a choice in becoming what he is. That does bring on another question. 
“Where does Brother Willow come from?”
There is a silence.
“Hello? Are you listening to me?”
“I heard you,” says Brother Willow, a hint of irritation to his voice. “I’m just processing your question. My personality is a composite of certain premade memories combined with those of your father’s. There’s about twenty percent of your father’s mind embedded in my own. It’s the only way to create a separate identity inside a person’s brain without destroying it.”
And instantly hope reignites within me. There is still some of Father left inside him!  It isn’t much but it’s something. 
“What parts of Father are in you?” I ask. I need to know how much of Father is left. If I know, I can exploit it.
“Mainly basic stuff; how to walk, how to speak, etc. I don’t remember the day you were born, or the day I married your mother. I know how to read, write, and I remember certain facts such as how to run a House, farming and sewing a hole in a shirt. There are no personal memories. Your father is gone.”
“Twenty percent is not gone.”
 “Your father is gone. Accept it.”
“I want to kill you,” I snap.
The shadow that hovers over me sweeps away like the wind, and I hear more footsteps. The contraption above me makes a louder buzzing noise, like angry bees in a jar, and it begins to descend towards me slowly. It halts just a few inches away from my nose, where a trickle of sweat is glistening. I swallow hard.
“Don’t worry. I will not be killing you just yet,” says Brother Willow with a laugh. “The machine needs to be recalibrated for your brain patterns. I’ll be done shortly.”
I can hear buttons being pressed. After each one, I expect a long, thick needle to pierce through my skull, but nothing happens. The device continues to click and beep.
The technology is remarkable. How does it work?  
“Recalibrating?” I wonder.
“Yes, after I used it to repurpose your friends, Brian and Lottie.” Brother Willow seems a little distracted. “Now only a few minutes to wait. This machine maybe quite magical to you, but to us it’s a bit old.”
All I can think about is Brian and Lottie, or whomever they’ve been turned into. Brian is gone. The man who had been ashamed of me, who had turned out to be less the person I thought he was. 
“I know I promised that I’d force you to watch Brian die but my work load has been upped a bit and...”
I wake up from my deep ponder and I can smell smoke. It reminds me of the House burning, falling apart into the flames, and I feel an almost unbearable pain swift through me. Where is smoke coming from in such a small, clean room?
 “What is going on here? This isn’t supposed to be happening,” Brother Willow curses. I can see his face, looking at the recalibration machine that is hovering over me. “It’s the machine. What did you do to it?”
“I didn’t do anything!” I proclaim. I struggle in my restraints to prove how impossible his accusation is. “How could I?”
“It’s very susceptible to moisture,” says Brother Willow, and I hear a sound like crackling twigs in a bonfire. “This is supposed to be a condensation free room. I’ll kill whoever allowed water to be left in here.”
I look up at the machine to see thick white smoke pouring from it. After a few seconds the smoke is sucked up through a grille in the ceiling. 
A shrill alarm starts off.
“Get me out of here!” I yell. “I don’t want to burn to death!”
“It’s not going to set on fire,” Brother Willow assures me. “There’s just a technical glitch, that’s all. Quit moaning.”
I don’t believe him. I have no reason to. Is this my fault?  Have I somehow caused the machine to smoke?  
I start spluttering and coughing wildly. While the first cough isn’t intentional, the rest of it is. I make out that I’m choking.
I can see panic in Brother Willow’s eyes. He doesn’t know what to do, and suddenly I’m very concerned. 
Something pricks my arm, and I see the Brother pulling away a syringe that drips a clear liquid. I try to say something but my tongue goes numb, and my head starts to spin.
“I can’t afford you making a run for it,” he says as I start to swirl into unconsciousness. “You will make too good of a Brother for me to allow that to happen.”
The noise of the siren dissipates, and the smell of the smoke becomes less intense. I hear people rushing in and shouting and boots stomping, but the noise fades into nothing. Brother Willow must have injected me with something to send me to sleep. 

“How ironic,” a voice muses near me. I’m still half asleep.
“What’s ironic?” I wonder, yawning loudly.
“The earthquake caused by the beloved gods caused a crack in the ceiling which allowed ground-water to seep into the medical room and spoil the equipment.”  The voice laughs. I know that voice, but I refuse to open my eyes. 
“You’ve been out for four days while I fixed the equipment,” says the voice. They sound quite prideful of their skills. “You’re probably a little hungry. Here, I’ve got you something.”
I can’t smell food, but I am desperately hungry. I’m sorely tempted to open my eyes and see what it is. Yet I don’t. I will stay here, eyes closed. 
“It may not look like much, and it tastes awful, but it’s got all the nutrition you’ll need,” the voice tells me. “We fed it you intravenously.  Before Brother Willow revived you four days ago you’d been asleep for two months.”
“That’s impossible.”
The voice says, “It was necessary. It’s what we do to people who are waiting to be repurposed. It’s far easier to keep them asleep, instead of giving them the chance to escape.”
I don’t know what to say. Two months of my life have been stolen from me. The thought that they were repurposing so many people that it’d taken them all that time to get to me intimidates me. Do they really need that many Brothers and Sisters?  What is it they actually do all day apart from pray?
“Touch your chin,” the Brother suggests. 
I ignore the orders. My intuition tells me I know who this Brother is. 
“Touch your chin,” the Brother repeats. “You’ll be pleasantly surprised.”
“Why would I do that? Just leave!”
“I don’t want to have to hit you.”
I sigh and do as I’m told. I reach up with my hand, carefully noting how my broken arm feels fine now, and touch my chin. There is hair there. I feel all around my face, finding more hair. It’s a little scraggly and thin. I’ve grown a beard.
“You always wanted a beard,” says the Brother. “It doesn’t suit you, though you do look just like your father now.”
I open my eyes and look at him; the brother I thought was dead. 
I breathe slowly and say, “Dylan.”

Chapter 19 – The Garden of Wonder

I’ve had this very dream millions of times. Dylan would walk into The Glass Palace, pack full of outside treasures and a big smile on his face. He would announce that the reports of his death were a mistake
And here he is, looking at me.
“Dylan, Father said you were dead,” I mumble.
“Your sibling is dead,” says the Brother. His coldness is like a slap to my face. “I am not your brother.”
“You are my brother.”
I don’t know how this has occurred but perhaps it shouldn’t be too much of a surprise. Father had buried his son on his own, with no witnesses to verify a body. We only had Father’s solemn word that Dylan was dead, but why would he lie if it weren’t true?  Why would he make his family suffer through their grief like that?
I realize Father had been about to tell me before the whole ruckus in the meeting hall had started. I think back to when Harold had told me about his son being taken, and Father had said something about wishing he could’ve done as his friend had done. At the time I hadn’t made the connection between my brother and the Order but now it’s obvious. He should’ve told me. I could’ve handled it. Did Mother know?  Had Father hidden this horrible fact from everyone?  I’ll never know. Father’s personal memories are gone forever.
“You must eat something,” the Brother orders me. 
“Leave me alone.” 
I begin to survey my surroundings. I’m in a small, compact cell. There is a bed, which I’m on, an air vent in the ceiling, and a strip of white light that illuminates the room far too brightly. There is nothing else apart from the Brother and the tray of food on the floor. Perched on the tray is a bowl of green mush that looks like moldy vomit. Do they really expect me to live on that rubbish?
Even though I can’t see where the door is located in my cell, this place looks a lot easier to break out of than the operations room. If I wanted to, I could jump up and snap this Brother’s neck. I’d snapped the neck of a chicken before, and a rabbit, though never a human. I assume it is a similar procedure. Would I be able to do it, though?  I couldn’t kill Brother Willow and I doubt I’d be able to kill whoever this is. Still, I need to escape. How can I do that if I don’t even know how to get out of this room?  There is only one thing I can do. I have to get the Brother to take me out of this room first. 
I stretch my arms and yawn. “I’m not hungry at the moment, though my limbs are a little stiff. Do you mind if I go on a little walk or something to stretch?  Maybe I’ll eat something when we get back.”
There is no way I’m going to eat that muck.
He eyes me warily before saying, “I’ll be watching you every step of the way. Don’t try anything stupid, I will kill you if I must.”
“Are you allowed to kill me?”
The Brother doesn’t answer me. He just steps over the mush in the bowl and over to the wall opposite my bed. He puts his hand on some sort of white panel, which glows at his touch, and a part of the wall seems to just shimmer away into nothingness. 
He didn’t need much convincing to let me out. He’s probably hoping I’ll try to escape so he can kill me. 
 “How did you do that?” I ask, awed at the technology. Once again, I liken it to magic. Why does the Order of Power get to be so advanced while the rest of the world lives with nothing?
“You wouldn’t understand even if I told you,” says the Brother. “The technology is quite complicated, even for members of the Order. A simple farmer like you wouldn’t understand.”
“I’m not stupid,” I snap angrily.
“When faced with things like this, you are.”
He is right that I wouldn’t understand any of this technology, but I still want to punch him. Does the Order of Power think everyone but they are brainless farmers who know nothing about anything?  
They should’ve shared this technology with those on the outside. They could help people. Instead, they hid it away. 
I follow the Brother out into an almost featureless corridor. The walls are silver, though less shiny than what I’d seen in the operating room. Down to my left and the right the corridor seems to go on forever. On both sides there are small white panels on the wall like I saw the Brother use in my cell. There seems to be hundreds of them.
I don’t like to ask but I have to know. “Are all these cells?”
“Yes,” he answers.
“There must be hundreds of them!” I exclaim.
“We’re full at the moment,” says the Brother. He sounds a little annoyed at that. “After you’ve been repurposed, you’ll be elevated to the next level, where the cells are a lot more spacious, though still small if truth be told, and the food is just as bad as down here.”
“Why do you need so many Brothers and Sisters?” I wonder. “It’s not as if you actually do anything apart from annoy villagers and have moldy cabbages thrown at you.”
I laugh inwardly at that. I’d hit a Brother in the eye once with a moldy tomato when he’d tried to talk to Glory. That had been a funny day.
“Serving the gods is a privilege,” says the Brother piously. “The more people there are to worship them the better.”
“The gods are murderers.” 
He ignores me and we continue down the corridor. I imagine all the kidnapped people in these cells, awaiting their terrible fate. It makes me want to scream. The Order of Power is evil, no doubt about it. Their members have no right to do this, but they do it anyway. I wish there was a way I could stop them, but at the moment I can’t even help myself.
So much for the Order being pathetic and incompetent.
I stop by a cell a few meters down from my own. I realize that I can look through the black wall and see the person inside. There’s a young girl of about five or six. Tubes snaking out of the wall are inserted into her mouth, her arms and her anus. Her eyes are shut and she seems to be dreaming.
I press my hand against the white panel. Nothing happens. I punch it a few times, but still nothing happens. I have to get her out of there!  She’s too young to have her life stolen like this!
“What are you doing?” the Brother demands.
“She’s only a child,” I rage.
“So?” the Brother wonders.
My fist flies at the Brother’s face. He catches it and pushes me back against the cell door. His powerful hands push into my shoulders to keep me from moving. He brings his face up to mine and I imagine that my own brother is going to kill me.
“Do as your older brother tells you and stop being stupid,” he says.
“My brother is dead!” I scream, my spittle flying in his face. “I don’t know who you are but you’re not my brother!”
He removes his hands and steps back a few paces.
“I am Brother Pine. Now do as I’ve told you and stop being so reckless. Another Brother would have had you tortured for trying to assault a member of the Order.”
“You almost sound like you care,” I scoff.
Brother Pine slaps me across the face.
“The only thing I care about is the gods, although I do have quite a liking for torture as well,” says Brother Pine. “Shall I show you?”
I don’t want to provoke him any further. I don’t want to feel any more pain right now. I feel like I’ve been hurt so much already. So I ask him to lead the way, wherever it is we’re going, and we continue on down the corridor.
After three or four minutes we reach an end to the corridor and the rows of cells. There is another white panel and, when Brother Pine presses the palm of his hand on it, the wall disintegrates. A small-boxed white room that looks very cramped is revealed. Its walls are shiny and there is a strip of lighting that runs across the ceiling.
“This is a lift,” announces Brother Pine. “Step inside.”
“I know what a lift it,” I say petulantly. “We have them, had them in The Glass Palace, though they didn’t work.”
I remember Dylan had found a working generator once and had tried to make one of the lifts work, but nothing had happened. The generator had been left to rust for too long.
I carefully walk inside the lift, watching my step. The ground under me feels unstable, unsafe, like I’m on a boat that’s resting on water. There is a long, fatal fall just inches away from my bare feet. How safe is this lift?  It could fall or break at any minute and it’s only small...so small...I have to get out...
Brother Pine laughs and gets in the lift with me. The door appears again, and suddenly we are locked inside. I bang on the door, panic rising in me so fast I can hear my heart beat like drums. 
“I want out of here!” I cry.
“Why are you acting like this?”
“It’s too small in here. I can’t breathe.”
“Your cell is almost as small and you didn’t complain,” he points out.
“I was still half asleep then.” I bang on the hidden doorway of the lift, claw at it, kick it. The door has to open and let me out!
Brother Pine’s hand clasps my shoulder. “Calm down.”
“Where are we going?” I ask. The lift is moving. I hadn’t really noticed it until now. The sensation is odd, but not unpleasant. I focus on the Brother, on his voice. However unpleasant this Brother Pine is, he is constant, and I need that to focus.
“Somewhere you can stretch your legs,” Brother Pine answers. “I think you’ll like it.”
“Fresh air?” I inquire. I feel a little hopeful. To see the sky and feel the wind around me sounds like paradise right about now. I miss the outside so much.
“Fresh air?”  Brother Pine smirks. “Something like that.”
I watch Brother Pine as the lift to who-knows-where continues on. He’s a few years older than I remember him, and he has the body of a man now, but it’s recognizably Dylan. The day when he’d left for his Journey seems like yesterday. He’d been so full of life, eager to return a man and join the House as an adult. Now here his body is, inhabited by Brother Pine. I focus my hate on him, all my rage, and the panic I feel at being in this small space edges further away.
The Order of Power has taken my father, my brother, and Brian. The gods have killed my entire House. There is just me left to carry on the Casper legacy. I have to find a way out of here, and as much as I want to kill both Brother Willow and Brother Pine, they would kill me if I tried to hurt them. It pains me to say this but, for now, I have to play along, stall for time. 
The lift shifts under me, and a little of my fear bubbles back. The lift door vanishes in a wave of black and Brother Pine indicates for me to go forward. I remind myself to inquire whether there is a staircase to use next time.
The squawking of birds greets me as I step out onto a pad of soft grass. The aroma of honeysuckle and lavender assault my nostrils. A wispy warm wind caresses my face. My eyes soak in the scene before me and I wonder at how such a vile race as the Order of Power could produce something so extraordinary, so beautiful. It is constructed, there is no doubt about that. I’m not standing in a lush tropical glade or secret mountain oasis. I’m underground, as evidenced by the rock climbing above me, and the stalagmites that drip down like morning dew.
“I’ll be back to fetch you in a while,” says Brother Pine.
I ignore him as I take in the majesty of the view before me. I walk forward, studying the varying plants and flowers and trees. There is color bursting forth from everywhere, from large red birds that perch on the trees to the fountain with the rainbow colored sculpture of the gods dancing in the water. The garden seems to stretch on for miles and miles. Old religions spoke of a heaven, a paradise. This is a very close approximation of it.
The panorama is soured somewhat when I see several Brothers emerge from behind a giant orange flower. One of them sprays it with a bottle of water and gives me a look of utter contempt before walking on. I figure he must be one of those repurposed for gardening.
The red bird I’d heard making so much noise lands on a large yellow bush beside me. It makes a few more noises and cocks its head, looking at me with beady eyes and a sharp yellow beak. It appears to be harmless enough, though I imagine that its beak could probably take my hand off.
“Sky!” the bird croaks. 
I’m going mad. I have to be. Birds can’t talk. I give it a strange look and continue on. There is a lot more for me to look at and that bird is obviously something my imagination has cooked up.
“Sky!” it shouts again.
I turn back as it continues to stare at me like I’m its lunch. It isn’t a very big bird so it probably can’t eat me, so I put my hand out to pet it. It tries to bite me and screams, “Rotter!”  It flies off in a huff of feathers, mumbling rude oaths I’ve only ever heard drunken adults mutter.
It obviously wants to be out of here, able to fly in the real sky. Everyone is a prisoner here, even the birds.
I walk casually along a footpath made out of sand. It’s hot on my bare feet but I don’t mind. For a while at least, as I admire trees bearing yellow fruit, a patch of pink flowers buzzing with bees, and a purple bush with spikes on it, I feel free.
I stop by the fountain, feeling a slight splash of water hit my skin. The statue of the gods in the middle of the water is very accurate, and the sight of their faces looking all regal and majestic drives me angry. They are not like this. They don’t care about anyone. They don’t even care about themselves. They’re just creatures obsessed with killing each other to the point that they don’t realize what they’re doing anymore. Harold had told me that, and I’d seen it in Tornado’s eyes. 
I could smash the statue. I could smash it to pieces.
I hear a baby crying. The sound of it is so unexpected in a place like this that I whip my head around to find the baby almost straight away. What is a baby doing in the lair of the Order of Power?
Then I see her, a baby cradled in her arms, walking slowly along a pathway by a row of tall tropical trees. It is Lottie. Her head is shaved, and she has the tattoo of the Order on her scalp. She wears simple cotton garments, not the usual Order uniform. Walking by her is Brian, dressed in similar drab clothes and the Order tattoo on his bald head.
I can’t face them. It’s too much.
“Who are you?” Lottie calls. Her face is in a sneer. She stops, as does Brian. The baby squiggles in her arms like a spider. I wonder to whom the baby belongs to. It can’t be Lottie’s. Her stomach is bloated in pregnancy and it looks odd, even a little indecent, on the form of a Sister of the Order.
“I’m Ben Casper,” I tell her proudly.
Brian and Lottie look to each other, then back to me.
“I am Sister Artemis,” says Lottie coldly.
“I am Brother China,” says Brian, his tone equally cold.
They continue to stare at me. Is a half hidden memory screaming at them, telling them they know me?  No. They don’t remember me. The Order of Power sees anything that isn’t either them or a god as a lower life form, no better than an ant.
I want to ask who the baby belongs to, how they are doing, but I’m suddenly tongue-tied. I despise the way they stare at me. Lottie had such a vibrant personality, and I know we clashed a lot, but to see her like this is heart breaking. As for Brian, my love is gone and there is nothing I can do about it. They have taken Brian, with his funny personality and his passion for his wife and erased it. Even his hair, which I had admired, was gone, shaved off and thrown away. 
Brian is gone.
They walk past me and I wipe a tear from my eye. I refuse to cry. I refuse to mourn for my lost family, and my lost House, and my lost love. Crying doesn’t do any good. Affirmative action does. But I can’t help it. I sit on the grass by the side of the fountain and weep.

Chapter 20 – Mind Games

As I finish my crying, the talking bird lands on the grass beside me. I wipe the tears away, feeling a little lighter. According to Mother, a good cry is supposed to make you feel better, and I’d never believed it until now. My situation may be as grave as it has ever been, but at this very second, I feel like not everything is so bad.
“Worms,” shouts the bird.
I smile and look at the bird. “What are you?”
“Parrot,” says the bird. “Parrot!”
“You’re a parrot,” I muse. I want to thank this bird for sweeping away my misery. “I think I read about parrots in a book once.”
“Sky!” says the parrot.
“You miss the sky?  So do I.”
I miss Skye too, wherever she is. I hope she never finds out what’s happened to her family. At least she can live happily, knowing nothing, assuming they’re alive. What is she up to right at this moment?  The others had just assumed she’d died while in her quest to start her own House but I know her better than that. She’s resourceful and has a single-mindedness that borders on the obsessive. I know she’s doing fine.
The gardener who’d given me a foul look earlier sprays the bush near me with ice-cold water. Some of it hits my face, but I don’t mind. It’s hardly the worst they’ve done to me.
“Don’t encourage it,” says the gardener sharply.
I look up at him. His hands are scabbed all over and it makes me cringe a little. The effect is grotesque.
“The parrot?” I query.
“I don’t know where it gets the words from,” the gardener complains. He appears quite disconsolate over it. “One of the Brothers or Sisters must be teaching it to speak. I told Sister Faun about it but she said it was of no consequence.”
“Does it matter if the parrot talks?” I ask. “It’s just a parrot; there’s no harm in it.”
“No harm in it?”  The gardener’s face is red with anger. “Up until two months ago it was quiet and now it won’t shut up!  How am I supposed to garden with this thing squawking all the time?”
I study the parrot in question. It’s just an innocent creature that wants to live its life. The parrot is under my protection now.
The gardener goes on, “I was planning on poisoning its food, but it doesn’t seem to eat what I lay out for it anymore.”
I stand up quickly. The parrot jumps, its wings spread out in panic. It leaps up onto my arm and perches itself there. The dig of its claws is painful, but I ignore it. It seems to feel safe with me.
“What kind of gardener are you?” 
He smiles. “I’m special.”
“Please leave the parrot alone,” I ask him calmly, even though he deserves my contempt for even thinking about poisoning this poor bird. “He’s just expressing himself. You must have some feelings for him.”
“Well, I did raise him from a cloned egg,” says the gardener. “I suppose I don’t really want to kill him. It’s just that the garden is supposed to be a place for reflection and serenity. He makes too much noise.”
“Rotter!” the parrot squawks.
Am I detecting the slightest hint of human emotion here?  I’m not sure. Surely, a gardener repurposed for gardening duties would be a lot colder towards another living creature?  There is something more to this gardener than I can see, but what is it?
“I don’t know about anyone else but the sound of a bird singing is what I’d expect to hear in nature. Surely, this is what the garden is supposed to be about?”
“I suppose.”
“There you go then!  This parrot belongs here.”
The gardener smiles grudgingly. “I suppose so.”
The parrot digs its claws into me again before taking off. One of his wings hits me in the face as he flies away to mingle with the stalagmites. I spit a red feather out of my mouth and am about to inquire of the gardener the parrot’s name, when I realize he’s gone. The Brother is already meters away, spraying water on some other flowers.
The gardener has certainly piqued my curiosity, though I can’t afford to waste what little time I have indulging in what he truly is. I need to concentrate on my own situation, beginning with how to stall my repurposing. I would never call it divine irony but the gods have actually inadvertently saved my life, and I know I wouldn’t be that lucky again. I need to do something myself. But what could I do?  I don’t understand how any of this technology works, and it’s hardly likely they’d allow me to wander around the place unattended. I think the only reason my brother left me here is because there is no other exit bar the way we’d come in, and I don’t seem to be able to make the white panels work for me. There has to be some way. It seems only Brothers and Sisters can operate the doors in this place. 
I look up at the ceiling of the cave garden. There are rows upon rows of bright white lights, probably there to imitate the effect of the sun on plant life. The real sun seems so far away. It pains me to think I might never set eyes on it ever again.
The lights dim for a second. I look around for someone to ask what’s going on. Brian and Lottie are still around here somewhere. The thought of running into them again is not something I want to do.
“Did you see that?” Sister Faun asks. “I hate it when we have a power cut. I’m used to the light.”
She is standing next to me, her arms crossed in a defiant gesture. Her face is lit up in a benign smile, like she is a caring mother watching over her child. The woman scares me. She has some kind of strange effect on me, something hypnotic. Maybe I’m just imagining things, being silly. She is just quick on her feet and persuasive, that’s all. Only the gods have powers. Sister Faun is human, just like I am.
Yet, the set-up here intrigues me. This is a woman whose former life I never knew. She may not give me any answers but it’s worth a try. Besides, the less I have to talk to Brother Willow and Brother Pine the better.
“Do you use electricity?” I wonder.
I know about electricity. It’s some kind of power that the old people used before the apocalypse. There is even a generator hidden in the bowls of the House that stores electricity but we don’t know how to use it. Every now and then, someone would try to build a device to tap into electricity but every attempt failed. My brother had developed an interest in electronics before he left for his Journey. 
“Solar power, actually,” Sister Faun answers. At my blank look she says, “The energy we use to power our machines is taken from the sun itself. It’s a lot safer for the environment that way.”
“What do you care about the environment?” 
“This planet is the only planet we have. We have a duty to take care of it any way we can.”
“Tell that to your precious gods,” I snap, aiming to wound her with my words. “They seem to want to break it.”
I feel her hand coming towards my face. I don’t want this woman and her long fingernails anywhere near me and so I run. I make it to the end of the path before two Brothers with wide frowns grab hold of my arms and grip me so tight I think my veins might burst.
“Where were you going to run to?” I hear her say sweetly. I will never look at her again. I’d been stupid to even talk to her in the first place!  “Unless you can turn yourself into water and shift through the pores in the rock then there’s no way you can escape from this cave.”
The Brothers force me around to face her but I close my eyes as tight as I can. I try to think about something else, anything. If I can block her from my mind then I might be able to stop her.
The Glass Palace...the light shining through the ceiling...
Brian’s smile, and his thick arms...
The music box...that tune, that haunting tune...
“The pregnant girl we found with you offered up her baby for repurposing if we spared her life,” says Sister Faun. Her mouth is by my ear; her lips are cold and her breath tickles me. “She cried like a babe herself when we told her there was no need and that we would bring her baby up as one of us anyway. What kind of person would give up their own child to save their own skin?”
“Lottie wouldn’t do that,” I protest. I don’t bother to struggle in the Brother’s grip, not anymore. There’s no point.
“She even offered up her husband if we’d spare her,” says Sister Faun.
“No!” I scream. “She wouldn’t do that!”
I have my eyes open before I realize, and she’s there, waiting for me to fall into her trap. She smiles.
“Good boy,” she says.
Her eyes are boring into me again, but for some insane reason I can’t move away. All thought seems to strip from my head other than the one that dominates all else; obey Sister Faun. She is a beautiful woman, an intelligent woman, almost a god herself in terms of perfection. She deserves my devotion. There is nothing I won’t do for her.
“What do you know of the God Cannon?” she asks.
The Brothers still hold me but their grip is a bit slacker than before. I know I could struggle and cause them to lose their grip but I don’t want to. Sister Faun’s pull is too great.
“The God Cannon?” I mumble.
“You know of it,” she says. Her voice is like warm honey. “Brother Willow told me so.”
Somewhere inside of me I know that telling her anything about this subject is wrong. She must never know the truth. Yet she seems to know of it anyway, and Brother Willow must know all about it having been a parasite inside Father’s head for so long. All I have to do is tell her something she knows already. There’s no harm in that, and if it pleases Sister Faun then so much the better. This is a win-win situation!
Don’t do it, a voice whispers inside my mind. Don’t tell her anything. You’ll regret it if you do.
“Are you quite alright?” Sister Faun asks kindly. She puts the back of her hand to my forehead like a wise old doctor would do to check for temperature. It’s an odd gesture that makes me feel even more that she cares for me and she deserved to know what information I have.
Don’t tell her, the voice urges me once again.
“Brother Willow knows it all,” I say, feeling sudden stabs of pain inside my head. “There’s no need to reveal anything you already know.”
Sister Faun smirks. “The background politics of the Order of Power are tricky, something a boy like you would never understand. Sometimes I think I don’t understand it either. It wouldn’t surprise me if Brother Willow left out a vital piece of information just to make himself look good.”
“Who does Brother Willow want to impress?” I wonder. 
“That’s no concern of yours.”
I really want to tell her this is all my concern, especially when they are threatening my life, when suddenly I feel a sharp pain. It’s like a thousand wasps stinging the inside of my skull and I want to cry out and bang my fists against the ground. 
“Tell me what I want to know,” she demands crossly. “I’m getting a little bored of waiting. You want to tell me everything.”
So I tell her. I start off by thinking that I’m doing the right thing but, by the end, I’m disgusted with myself. I have to be content with the fact that I’m not really giving anything away. She knows everything already. By the disappointed look on her face I know I’m right. That makes me glad.
“He told me everything,” she muses. Why does she look so upset that she hasn’t been betrayed?  “I’m surprised.”
“I’m so glad your faith in that monster is intact,” I snap. “Now stop giving me pain and leave me alone.”
“Pain?” she wonders.
“You can hypnotize me all you want,” I say, venting my fury towards her. “You don’t have to give me pain, too.”
“I wasn’t aware I was.”
She appears genuinely nonplussed, but I wouldn’t put it past her to lie. She is a Sister in the Order of Power after all, and lying is a part of who they are. I mustn’t let my guard down in front of her. This woman wants to kill me, and I have to remember that. But what choice do I really have?  All she has to do is look into my eyes and I would tell her anything. I can’t believe that she made me think she was beautiful!  She’s a despicable hag.
Sister Faun is gone. I hate it when she does that. I imagine she thinks she’s being enigmatic, but I just find it annoying and creepy. She’s probably hiding behind a tree spying on me. I hope the parrot swears at her or pecks her eyeballs out. It’s no more than what she deserves.

After another ten minutes or so of wandering the cave garden and being surprised by every beautiful detail I come across, I find Brother Pine searching for me. There are still sections of the gardens that I haven’t had a chance to go to yet, including what looks like some kind of outdoor zoo.
“I’ve been looking all over for you,” he complains, grabbing me hard by the wrist, which is still a little sore from when the Brothers held me for Sister Faun. “If you were thinking of evading me and therefore delaying your repurposing then you’ve got another thing coming.”
I had thought about it, but had known it would be futile.
“I just got swept up by it all,” I say truthfully. I would so very much like to camp out in this cave garden. “It’s very beautiful.”
“It is,” Brother Pine agrees.
“Why do you have it?”
Brother Pine seems confused. “The garden?”
“What’s the point of it?”  I look around at him, at the trees and the flowers and the butterflies. “I thought the Brothers and Sisters were repurposed to serve the gods only?”
Again, there is only confusion written on Brother Pine’s face as he says, “I’m not sure I understand you, Ben. Do you think we’re like the cleaners?  That we live to serve the gods and don’t care about anything else?”
“That’s what Brother Willow told me.”
He grins slyly. “We serve the gods because we have been repurposed to do so, yes, but if we were to do that only, we’d be mindless creatures like the cleaners. I collect butterflies.”
“Dylan used to like butterflies.”
The lights flicker again. The two of us look up at the cave ceiling, towards the strips of lighting, and suddenly the whole place goes pitch dark. I don’t like the feel of it at all. The Order of Power should not lose control like this, especially with me trapped in the garden.
“I’ve managed to short out the electricity for the entire complex, so that means they can’t listen in on us,” Brother Pine whispers in my ear. “Listen to me carefully, Ben, we have about a minute until the back-up generators turn on and then I won’t be able to say anything more.”
“What are you doing?”
“I’m going to do my best to get you out of this place, brother,” he goes on. “You need to leave and go as far away from here as you can.”
“What’s going on?” I wonder, suspecting something. It still feels like Sister Faun is inside my head. “My brother is dead, you said so yourself.”
“The repurposing started failing about six or seven months after I had it done but only Brothers and Sisters that have been with us for ten years are actually allowed out of the facility. The security for this place is vast. If I could have escaped I would, but I just never had the opportunity.”
I don’t know why, but I believe him. This really is Dylan, and not just Brother Pine playing a cruel trick on me. Somehow I’d known that Brother Pine acted different with me than the others. The signs had been there, I just hadn’t sifted through the clues. My brother is alive!  The repurposing had failed!  What does that mean?  Could the same happen to Father?  Could it happen to me too?  There are so many questions.
“How do we get out of here?” I ask.
“The parrot gave me a clue, he...”
With a blinding flash the lights come back on. I close my eyes and stagger back a bit, almost falling over. I can hear the parrot squawk madly somewhere high up above and the bleating of what sounds like a goat. It must be in the small zoo I haven’t got around to seeing yet.
“Dylan, I...”
Brother Pine slaps me across the face. “I thought you got that I wasn’t your brother?  My name is Brother Pine!”
The deep pain running through my cheek certainly puts the message across. So as I’m pulled back towards the lift I have to wonder exactly what the parrot’s role is in my escape from this place.

Chapter 21 – Follow the Parrot

Brother Pine is mute as he escorts me back to my cell. While I don’t want him to say something that might reveal his plans, I really need to talk to him. I have so many questions to ask him, and I’m sure he has plenty in return. He must not have been able to even grieve the death of his parents. How hard has it been for him?  He must have felt totally alone.
The sleeping prisoners are now all awake, banging on their black cell doors and screaming, though I can’t hear them. Each face I pass is one of despair. I hope to see someone I recognize but no such luck. There was never a chance a member of the House had somehow miraculously escaped alive, is there?  It would probably take the Brothers and Sisters a while to get everyone hooked back up to all those machines.
I shuffle back into my cell without a fuss. Brother Pine remains silent. I sit down on the hard bed as the door appears. My brother’s face vanishes. I’ve missed Dylan so much, and here he is, alive and well.

I watch as people walk up and down the corridor. Mostly, it’s just Brother Pine and a Sister of about my own age. They both carry black cases and boards with paper on them, and appear to look quite flustered. Once or twice, I spy Sister Faun gliding along, casting me curious glances as she sweeps past my cell. I hope she can’t hypnotize me through the doorway. No prisoners are herded past. That means no one has died.
The lights flicker off again later on, a time which I assume is night, and I go back to thinking of my brother’s words. A silly bird that likes to annoy the gardener is the key to my escape. How would a parrot help me?  I suppose it could peck a Brother’s face off and cause a distraction that allows me to escape. I really need to talk to Dylan again but it’s impossible. Another power failure would cause a lot of suspicion.
Sleep refuses to come. The bed is uncomfortable, certainly. It’s as hard as rock, but that isn’t really the reason. I have so much to think about.  How would I escape?  What would I do when I did escape?  Even that isn’t the reason why sleep evades me. For some reason I can’t stop thinking about my sixteenth birthday. It’s not for a while yet. My mother would have made a meal. She would serve her famous blackberry pie for dessert and I would get blackberry stains on my shirt like I used to do and she would sing happy birthday. More likely, I would have still been pining over Brian and would've been miserable, but I would have still had my family.
I’m always pining for things I can’t have. First, it was Brian and now its freedom, but freedom to do what?  Carry on the Casper legacy?  How could one man do that?  Yet one man had done it before, the original Casper. He’d started a whole House on his own as the world lay in ruins. If he could do it, then so could I. As Dylan will be escaping with me and he’s the eldest, he would take on most of the responsibility. I’d be his deputy. We’d have to find Skye, and convince her to join us. We’d need somewhere new to live, as far away from the old House as possible.
How I despise the gods! They’ve killed my family. They’ve massacred billions and ruined the world. Yet there is no rhyme or reason to what they do. No wonder there was a group out there dedicated to finding The God Cannon and wiping them out. I’m not sure if I even consider myself a member. While they never exactly invited me to join them, Harold and Father did tell me their story, so I suppose that makes me a member. So, there’s just Dylan and myself, maybe a few others out there that I don’t know the identity of. If we were to get out of here, and if we were to restart the House of Casper, then we would be able to find The God Cannon. That was the only way we could ever live in peace. 
So I have a plan now; kill the gods. There is a huge problem with that, though; I don’t know where The God Cannon is. Harold had been the only one who knew where it was. Harold is dead and with him his secret. So what do I do now?
I’ll scour the country, just like Harold and those before him. I’ll seek out the other hidden god slayers. I’ll search and I’ll hunt until I find answers.
“Yes,” I murmur. I’ll do anything I can to find The God Cannon. The gods need to die and if it takes me the rest of my life to make sure that happens then I’ll so be it.

I had a deep, refreshing sleep that night. It had felt good to sort out all those plans inside my head. Now that I know what I want to do with my life, it makes me feel lighter. I still don’t know how I will escape from this place, but that’s only a plan waiting to be revealed. Dylan has a way out. He just has to tell me in some way that doesn’t involve any more blackouts.
I’m neglected for the first part of the next day. Not a soul stalks the corridors. All I can hear is the grille in the wall doing whatever it does, pumping air into my cell or something. I’m given more time to think, and I have to be glad there’s only one repurposing machine available, though that does beg the question; why only the one?  Surely two or more would be more efficient?  Never mind that, I scold myself. Just be grateful they only have the one, otherwise I’d be dead now and another personality would be riding my body.
I need to talk to the parrot again. Perhaps it knows some words that might help me escape. It’s unlikely, but Dylan had said the parrot was key to my escape. All I need to do is to find out how.
Just when I’d been thinking of him, he appears; Brother Pine. The door disappears and he comes in, a foul frown on his face.
“What’s up with you?” I ask him. “The gods disappointed you?”
“The gods never disappoint me!” he roars, but then calms down a bit. “My fixing of the repurposing device is going more slowly than I anticipated. It is a pity the only other person who knows of its workings broke both his arms in a fall last night.”
Did I detect a wink there?  I’m sure I did.
“Sister Faun and Brother Pine are angry with me for taking so long, but I am only one man and the gods see that I am doing my best,” Brother Pine goes on. “I am grateful that they know I have the ability, though.”
“You’re not doing a very good job at it,” I mumble. I can’t help myself. It’s funny riling him up. I used to do this to Dylan a lot.
“The repurposing device is the most complicated piece of machinery we have,” says Dylan sorely. “It has parts that cannot be replaced when they are damaged but must be fixed to a high degree. The water leaking from the roof was an unfortunate coincidence.”
“It worked out great for me, though.”
Dylan gives me a look that says, “lay off it” and I laugh. The laughter feels so good after so much tension, anger and grief.
“How much longer do you think it’ll be before you’re finished?” I ask. “I want to relish the time I have left.”
I watch as he tries to calculate his words. “Tomorrow morning. Then I will be rid of escorting you back and forth to the cave garden.”
I don’t see the logic in that. Surely Brother Pine could finish much quicker if he wasn’t, like he said, escorting me back and forth to the cave garden. I’m about to ask such a thing, but restrain myself. Dylan knows what he’s doing, or I hope he does. He’s been pretending to be a legit Brother for years now and he’s still alive so he must be doing something right.
He peers down at me. “You keep me from my work, but for some reason they think you’ll be more cooperative if you’re shown around by your dearly departed brother.”
“It works,” I say dryly.
He pulls me to my feet and says, “The sooner you’re gone, the better.”
As the lift sets off, I work out a few more questions in my head. There has to be a way to ask my brother what he meant about the parrot. I need to be careful. I don’t want to get him into trouble. I’ll never forgive myself if I get him killed.
“Do you like the cave garden?” I ask casually.
“Not really,” he admits. “I don’t like nature all that much apart from my butterflies. I prefer to be working with machines and finding out how things work. Besides, there are other people to tend to the cave garden and it is my duty to tinker with machines, so I don’t really have time for it anyway.”
I sigh. This is going to be hard work. “But you must go there occasionally, just to unwind, I suppose. It’s very beautiful in there, especially that parrot they have.”
“That parrot is bothersome and loud!” Brother Pine says. “Up until two months ago it was as quiet as the dark in the caves. We had been forbidden from teaching it words, and then suddenly it gains a whole new vocabulary!  Nobody down here taught it all those strange words so who did?”
The gardener had said much the same thing to me yesterday. Nobody had taught the parrot and yet it had learned a lot of words such as “sky” and “rotter.” Wait a minute. I needed to listen to what they said carefully. Nobody from “down here” had taught the parrot. But what if somebody from up above had taught it?  That was it!  Somehow the parrot is able to get to the surface, maybe to a village or something, and somebody has been teaching it how to speak. It always comes back here because it gets decent food but it has a secret way of getting to the surface through the caves. If I can find that secret way then Dylan and I can get out of here. He could’ve escaped already but he’d been waiting for me to be taken out of a coma and brought to the repurposing room so he could rescue me.
Rotter. The parrot had called everyone a rotter. That had been Skye’s favorite swear word. She loved to call people that. How could I have been so stupid?  The parrot hadn’t been saying “sky”, as in the blue stuff up above you; he was saying “Skye!”  Skye had to be the one who the parrot was secretly flying to and learning words from. That meant she had to be close to wherever the parrot’s secret entrance ended up. So she is alive!  Not that I doubted it. To know she’s out there and so near makes me want to cry. 
I’m confused about how my escape will play out. Even now it seems impossible. How will I find this hidden entrance?  What was it? Was it an unknown tunnel or a crack made by the earthquake?  It’s probably the latter, as the parrot learning words happened to coincide with the earthquake. Even so, how could I locate the entrance without the gardener or any other Brother or Sister seeing me?  There hadn’t appeared to be that many there yesterday, so I suppose I could get away with it.
The door vanishes in front us, and the two of us head out into the cave garden. I give a sigh of relief when I don’t see a single soul. The vantage point of most of the garden is pretty much clear from the lift. I see the gardener, watering some flowers as usual, and I hear the parrot screaming away like it’s having an argument with itself. This seems like the perfect opportunity for an escape.
“Stupid man,” Brother Pine groans. “The irrigation system automatically waters the plants. He’s just wasting his time.”
“I thought he’d been repurposed to see to the garden?” I ask.
“From what I can tell, the repurposing doesn’t last forever. When a Brother or Sister gets into their late years their personality starts to degrade. I suppose it’s sort of like what normal humans get when their memory starts to go.”
I think he’s trying to remind me of Ronald Casper, our father’s father, the previous mayor of the House of Casper. He’d started forgetting things, his name and where he lived and how to go to the toilet. In the end Grandfather Ronald had wandered into the river by The Glass Palace and drowned. It had happened shortly before I was born, but Father had spoken of it with great sadness.
Brother Pine points towards me. “You have your appointment for repurposing tomorrow, so try to keep your body healthy. Do some exercises. A few walks around the gardens will do nicely.”
“Yes, sir!” I say.
He smirks. “I have to return to the repurposing room, but I’ll be by to collect you later. I hope you have a fruitful time.”
With that he leaves, and I find myself confronted with the monumental task of trying to find an escape route. First things first, I need to find the parrot and see if I can somehow get it to lead me to where it gets out. I can hear it making a noise somewhere further into the cave garden but I can’t see it. I suppose I can always try calling it, but I don’t know if it has a name or not. Skye would’ve named it. But what would she have called it?  Something silly, something… 
I smirk. “Rotter!”
I walk further into the cave garden, towards where I think I can hear the parrot making the most noise. I continue calling out “Rotter” and hope that’s its name.
I discover him perched on top of a sheep, which is standing idling by a tree with a clump of grass in its mouth. The sheep doesn’t seem to mind the bird on its back, though Rotter is making quite a considerable racket. Is he singing?
“Is your name Rotter?” I ask him.
“Rotter!” the parrot squawks. “I am Rotter!”
“Do you know Skye?”
“Skye!”
“Girl...Skye...with a pig!”
“Albatross!” Rotter yells.
I smile. The parrot does know Skye. It feels good to know I haven’t just been blind guessing. 
I hold my arm out and the parrot hops onto me. It settles itself nicely, even though it is painful for me, and looks up at me with mournful brown eyes. It’s a beautiful creature, so full of color and life. It doesn’t deserve to be stuck down here.
“Can you show me the way out?” I ask him.
The parrot doesn’t respond. It just starts nuzzling one of its wings.
“The way out?” I repeat.
The sheep starts to move away, leaving a vile stench in its wake. I notice it has done its business on the grass, so I move myself further into the trees to be away from the smell. Maybe the sheep was putting Rotter off?  It’s certainly putting me off.
I lean against a tree with yellow bark and once more fix my eyes onto the parrot.
“Take me to Skye!” I order. I figure it’s worth a try.
“Skye tickles!” Rotter squawks. “Skye tickles!”
“Take me to Skye,” I demand. The parrot gives me a zoned out glare and takes off through the air.
“Wait!” I call out, running forward as Rotter’s wings narrowly make it past the branches of a tree. I keep him in my vision as he flutters from treetop to treetop. He’s heading in a direction that is about halfway along the cave garden from the entrance to the farm. I assume he’s leading me to something, otherwise he wouldn’t wait until I caught up with him each time.
Eventually, we reach the side of the cave where a mass of phosphorescent green moss slithers up a rock. Rotter is pecking at the moss, eating it. I sigh. Has he taken me all this way just to show me this moss? 
“Mineshaft!” says Rotter. He claps along the rock on his sharp talons and shimmies into a crack in the side of the cave wall that I hadn’t previously noticed. The parrot vanishes. The crack is almost invisible. If you weren’t actively looking for it, you wouldn’t even notice it was there!  What a clever bird. The crack must have opened up during the earthquake caused by the gods and the parrot had used it as a means to escape. If I were him, I would’ve stayed away but Rotter is just an animal. He’d stay where the food was the best.
I peer into the crack. The walls are slightly damp when I put my hand on them, but I climb inside anyway. It’s a very tight fit. I only manage to squeeze through because I’m still growing into adulthood. I suddenly realize that Dylan, with his adult’s bulk, will never fit through here. What will my brother do?  I can’t just leave him!  Except Dylan must’ve already known that he wouldn’t be able to come with me. He didn’t say anything because he knew that I would never leave him behind.
I will not leave my brother behind. 
I turn and climb back out of the crack. When Dylan comes for me, I’ll tell him the crack is too small even for me. We’ll have to think up another means of escape, a way we could get out of here together. I’m not leaving without him.

To pass the time until Dylan returns I have a wander around the zoo. It’s only small, and there aren’t many animals, but I find the place fascinating. Things are still in an uproar because of a missing sheep but I refuse to tell them I’ve seen it wandering around. I won’t help them.
I find myself staring at an animal. There was a picture of one in a book back at the House but it doesn’t seem to do justice to what sits before me, looking miserable. It is a tiger, striped orange and black and stunningly beautiful. It’s all on its own in quite a small cage, looking forlorn at me as it rests its huge head on its lethal paws.
“We had a cat that lived in the House, once,” I tell the tiger. Its whiskers are as thick as wool. “It was a stray but we all took turns feeding it and all the children loved it to pieces. Then we had a food shortage and the cat was caught and eaten.”
The tiger growls at me, and I stop my story. I’m suddenly fearful that the creature might somehow escape its cage and eat me in revenge for what we’d done to its cousin.
I flash back to the cat’s cries as Uncle Rooster had grabbed it and snapped its neck. It hadn’t deserved such a fate but my family didn’t want to starve either. I wish I could remember the cat’s name.
I see a Brother walking by and I ask him, “Why do you have a zoo?”
The Brother looks at me with puzzlement and says, “We like animals.”
“What do you mean?” 
“We like animals,” the Brother repeats.
When no further explanation seems forthcoming the Brother wanders off on his errands and I’m left as puzzled as before. Is that all there is to it?  These murdering religious nuts liked animals, so they had a zoo?  And they liked plants, so they had a cave garden?  It can’t really be as simple as that. There has to be an ulterior motive behind it all. 
I look at some more animals, all of them a surprise and a wonder to me. There’s a hippopotamus, which is crammed tightly into a giant concrete box, a panda, which has a curiously large area to play in, several ostriches which try to eat my hand when I move in to pet them, and a pair of wolves with yellow, feral eyes. I can hear more animals baying and crowing around me, but I’ve suddenly grown tired of this place. The animals in here look exhausted and frightened, almost a mirror image of how I feel. I can’t bear to look at these poor creatures any more.
When I leave the confines of the zoo my eyes automatically wander over to where the crack in the wall is located. If I desire to escape I can do so, right this very minute. The thought is very tempting. But I’d sworn to myself that I wouldn’t leave this place without my brother. But could I take the chance that he couldn’t come up with another alternative escape?  I’m scheduled for repurposing tomorrow, and I’d gotten the impression that Dylan couldn’t stall his repairs any longer. If I deny myself the chance of escape now and he doesn’t come up with a plan then I’ll die.
I berate myself for being selfish. I have to give Dylan a chance, otherwise I’d never forgive myself for leaving him behind. He’s my brother and he’s all I have. I am all he has. We have to stick together.

The angry expression on Dylan’s face when he exits the lift and sees me waiting for him is agonizing. I know what he’s thinking as if I can read his mind; What are you still doing here?  Do you want to die?
He grabs my arm. “You’re still here.”
“I don’t like being on my own,” I say. We have to be careful, and stage our words so they have double meanings. I don’t really think people are listening in to our conversation, but he seems to think so. “I went to see the zoo. They had an animal there that was just my size. It was smaller than you, though. I decided that I didn’t want to see the small animal if you weren’t going to see it, too.”
His eyes widen, and I understand what he’s trying to answer. “You don’t need to wait for me. I’ll have another chance someday.”
I cross my arms, defiant. “I don’t think I will.”
“You’re being repurposed tomorrow,” he tells me. He looks like he’s about to cry, and it breaks my heart that I’m defying him, but he is my brother and I will never, ever leave him behind. “My repairs will be finished tomorrow.”
“Not unless it takes you longer...”
He sighs. “It’s taken too long as it is. I’m a good engineer. I should’ve finished it already.”
I want to tell him to shut up, he’s giving too much away, but I don’t want to reveal myself to whoever might be listening. He has to find a way to stall things some more. He’s done it before so he can do it again. I know I can count on him to do something. 

Chapter 22 – The Best Laid Plans

I can feel the tension pour off Dylan like mist as we take the lift back to the cells level. I know he wants to call me an idiot for not escaping when I’d had the chance, but he just can’t take the risk. I really want him to call me an idiot. At least then I’d know it was my brother talking and not just the persona he puts on when pretending to be Brother Pine.
As I contemplate what my options of escape are, I have a brief vision of Tornado smashing into the complex and rescuing me for some reason. As Brother Pine closes the doors to the elevator, I suddenly realize something; my fear of this enclosed space is gone. 
I wonder what Kar’s doing?  He’s probably back with his tribe, thinking I’m dead. He had been different. Or had he?  I don’t really know what the Felum are like so they could all be like that. Then again, Brother Willow had thought I was joking when I’d told him I’d spoken with a Felum. Kar can talk, quite well as it happens. Maybe he’s a mutant. I’d heard of mutants. 
“Does this lift go up or down?” I ask. 
“Only the temple is on the surface,” Brother Pine/Dylan explains. “The rest of the complex, including the cave gardens, lies underground.”
“So the cells are underground then?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“I think that’s obvious, don’t you?”
I sigh. “So it’s harder for people to escape.”
“It’s virtually impossible for people to escape.”
I latch on to his virtually. “Has somebody escaped before?”
“Yes, but they didn’t get very far before being recaptured.”
“I’m hardly likely to escape, am I?  I’m just a child.”
My brother refuses to answer me, which makes me furious. I begin to reflect on this new information a bit more. Escaping from an aboveground complex would have been a whole lot easier. But there is this lift, and I’m sure there are many more that lead to the surface. If only there was some way for us to use the lifts without anyone knowing. The two of us could escape with ease then.
“Could you take me for a walk on the surface?” I ask sweetly.
“Why?” Brother Pine wonders.
“I want to see the sky before I’m repurposed,” I say, realizing that I actually mean it, even though I am fishing for information. “That’s not too much to ask, is it?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t want to die without seeing the sky one last time.”
“I don’t have clearance to leave the underground complex,” says Brother Pine, cutting me off before I can say anything further. “If I tried to use my hand print to take the lift up to the surface, the lift would simply refuse to take me and my actions would be reported to the Grand Father.”
“Who’s the Grand Father?”
“He is the representative of the gods, the best of us all. He would not take it too kindly if I tried to take you to the surface.”
I was sure I was on to something there. Then again, if Dylan could just whisk me away from here any time he wanted, he would’ve done it already. How stupid of me for not thinking of that!  The reveal of an entity named the Grand Father discourages me, though it should have been obvious that there were people higher up in the Order of Power's hierarchy. 
“Now stop asking impertinent questions,” he snaps.
That was the exact same thing Dylan had said to me before going off on his Journey. I’d been quizzing him about what he was going to do, and how long he’d be gone, and if he could bring me back something when he returned. I remember because, before, I’d thought them to be his very last words before his supposed death. He’d said it jokingly, though, and gave me a hug afterwards. I miss my brother. We have to get out of here.
The lift door disappears, and the seemingly endless stretch of cells is revealed once again. I’m starting to get sick of my cell. I know its four walls intimately, like I’ve lived here for an eternity. Still, there isn’t long to go. After tomorrow, I’ll be gone and some Order of Power stooge would be occupying my body. 
I stop short of exiting the lift. The corridor isn’t empty. Brother Willow is waiting a few feet down the corridor with another Brother whose hands are encased in a white material. They are chattering among themselves. When they see us they stop. Dylan gasps beside me.
“Who is it?” I whisper conspiratorially. 
“Brother Nectar,” says Dylan. His words are seething with rage, but for what reason I can’t work out. It isn’t anything that will benefit me, I know that much.
Do they know that Dylan has somehow broken his repurposing?  Are they here to take him away and perform experiments on him?
Brother Nectar smiles benignly at my brother and strides forward. He is a small man in his late twenties with a pudgy face and a belly like a pregnant woman. He seems quite jolly, even giving me a cheerful smile when he sees I’m gawping at him. I can’t help but smile back, even though I know he might mean my brother and I harm.
“How are you, Brother?” Dylan asks.
“My arms are healing quite nicely, though the pain is indescribable!” Brother Nectar chatters, still smiling away. “Hopefully I shall be back to work properly within a week or two.”
“It’s good to hear,” says Dylan. I notice he looks a little guilty and is trying desperately to hide it. I wonder why.
“I’m still not sure what happened,” Brother Nectar goes on. “One minute I was at the top of the gantry stairs in the computer room, thinking about how to fix that broken processor that went down last night, and then I was on the floor, at the bottom of the stairs, screaming in agony!”
“What do you think happened?” Dylan asks with genuine concern.
  “I think I was pushed!” Brother Nectar declares loudly. “In fact I’m almost certain of it, even though the thought of it scares me to death!”
“Who’d want to push you?” Dylan poses.
Brother Nectar shrugs his shoulders. “I don’t know. I really don’t know. I thought everyone liked me. Yes, I know there was that time when Sister Cosmos accused me of pouring water on her bed and she vowed vengeance, but that wasn’t my fault. It was a burst pipe in her quarters. She’s jealous that I can reprogram a hard drive quicker than she can.
 “Maybe I just passed out. I have been working a lot lately. All these new acquisitions they’ve been bringing in have trebled my workload. Where we’re going to put all these new Brothers and Sisters is beyond me.”
As my brother explains about the several new complexes being built around the globe, I have a sudden revelation. Brother Nectar is the person who my brother had arranged to have an “accident” and pushed him down the stairs. I can’t believe Dylan would do this for me. It’s one thing to be told about it but another to see the effects. Brother Nectar is such a joyful person too, even though he does belong to an evil group like the Order of Power.
“You need to rest more,” my brother tells him. There is genuine sympathy there. 
“You’re right, I suppose,” groans Brother Nectar. “I suppose I could go and visit the cave garden or something.”
“Try sleeping instead,” Dylan suggests.
Brother Willow is observing our exchange with studious concern. I only notice now that he has the same shaved head as all the other Brothers and Sisters. It doesn’t suit him. He has that hideous tattoo on his scalp as well, and it looks old and faded. It must have been there the entire time, but we never noticed it since Father always grew his hair long.
“Have you told them the good news?” says Brother Willow greasily. 
“I was just getting to that!” says Brother Nectar. “I got one of the junior technicians to finish the repurposing machine!  All he had to do was follow my instructions and it was very simple!”
Brother Willow smiles his sinister smile at me and says, “It seems you will be joining us sooner than we imagined.”
“I will kill you,” I promise him. “This time I mean it.”
He considers me for a moment like I’m a particularly troublesome insect before punching me in the face. The pain shoots through my jaw. He continues punching me in the face again and again. Blood sprays onto the floor, onto my clothes, and onto his clothes. I feel my lips being mangled, my teeth coming loose, my nose gush blood, and all I can do is stand there and take the punishment. 
Please, Dylan, do something.
“Now then, Brother Willow, there’s no need for that,” says Brother Nectar calmly, putting his hand on my abuser’s arm. “After being repurposed you’ll just confuse the new personality. He’ll wonder why his face got beaten up and that’ll just create more problems.”
Brother Willow’s savage face turns to Nectar with fury, and the smaller man cowers back in fright. Dylan steps forward, putting himself between the two of them.
“Calm down, Brothers,” says Dylan. “Please, calm down.”
“It feels so good to lash out, to hurt things,” mumbles Brother Willow. He’s breathing heavily and his bloodied fists hang at his sides. 
Dylan looks at Nectar with concern and says, “I’ve seen this before. The Brother personality lay dormant inside another head for a long time. Now that Willow has total control, his bottled up or hidden emotions keep bubbling to the surface.”
“Fascinating,” sighs Brother Nectar, now less frightened and more intrigued.
My face, an explosion of agony and blood, finds Brother Willow’s condition less than fascinating. My father isn’t in there at all now. There’s not a single trace left.
I know now I can kill him.
Brother Willow wipes his bloody hands down his chest and declares, “There will be no more outbursts. I can assure you of that.”
“Perhaps we should delay the repurposing until the subject has healed,” Brother Pine suggests.
“No, we won’t be doing that,” says Brother Willow.
“It’ll be better for the repurposing.”
Brother Willow cuts him off. “Take him to the repurposing room now, Brother Pine. I trust you can accomplish this small task?”
Brother Pine nods.
“I just need to wash my hands first in my quarters,” says Brother Willow, walking away in the opposite direction. 
Brother Nectar looks on with a worried sigh and says, “I bet his emotions have spilled out in ways other than anger. I heard one Brother cried for three days and tried to kill himself.”
“Brother Willow was hiding inside Zachary Casper’s head for many years,” says Brother Pine. “Could it get worse?”
Brother Nectar shrugs. “I don’t really know. I’m not a doctor.”
The portly Brother wanders off, mumbling something about how he is sick of the pain in his hands. I don’t know what to say. There’s no time left to formulate another escape plan. 
“What do we do now?” I ask Dylan, who is remarkably still.
“I tried,” he snaps, refusing to look at me. “There’s nothing else I can do now but take you to be repurposed.”
“Maybe there’s time now to do something!”
I feel something pierce my neck. Another one of those damn needles!  I stare at Dylan, who is holding a syringe in his hand, and I seethe with betrayal.
“We could go now,” I mumble, feeling faint.
“There’s no time,” he says, propping me up as the light fades from my eyes. “You should’ve done as you were told earlier. I’m sorry.”
“You’re not taking me,” I mumble.
Dylan is crying as he says, “You know I love you. I’m sorry.”
“NO!” I scream.
I push him away and make a run for it down the corridor. I ignore Dylan’s cries for me to halt but he doesn’t come after me. He knows my flight is futile. There is nowhere for me to go.
There is no hope.

Chapter 23 – The Music Box

A part of me wishes I had escaped through that crack in the wall, or “mineshaft” as the parrot had called it. If I’d known that Dylan would drug me like that, betray me, I would have gone and never looked back. I hate myself for thinking this. I know Dylan hadn’t really betrayed me. He’d had no choice. Does it matter anyway?  Soon I’ll be gone and all feelings of betrayal and guilt and pain would cease to exist because I would cease to exist.
What does being dead feel like?  I was told, and I firmly believed, that when you died there was nothing. Even if there were nothing after death, just darkness, then surely you’d feel and see the darkness?  It occurs to me then that nothing makes any sense at all. 
I’d read books on religion. I didn’t understand most of it, and the rest of it was fantastical nonsense. Would I like to wake up in a place where I was happy for all eternity?  Would I like to be reborn as a bird or a fox?  I rather fancy the idea of coming back as a bird. Still, the whole notion of religion seems ridiculous, even if I do live in a world where there are actual gods; gods that have no purpose but to fight and destroy for no apparent reason.
I think back to when I’d met Mixcoatl. He’d seemed utterly confused by everything he was doing. He told me he wanted to stop. He’d even cried. At the time, I’d imagined him more man than god, but that had been before everyone I knew had died. I just didn’t understand him or the gods or the Order of Power or anything, really. Nothing makes sense and it scares me. Something in my life should make sense but nothing does. Even my love for Brian has soured in my mind. Despite the fact that he pushed me away and got married and became a Brother, I know with all my soul that I still love him. The Brian I know is gone but his face still remains. Wasn’t it his eyes and his lips that had made me love him in the first place?
I’m stupid, and I know that. Brian is dead and he never would’ve loved me. Tornado isn’t a man but a god. 
“What are you thinking about?” Brother Willow asks me.
I’m in the white and silver room once again, strapped down to an operating table. I can smell abrasive cleaning fluids, burned rubber and other strong smells that I can’t identify. These white walls and silver cupboards and the face of the monster wearing my father’s skin would be the last things my eyes register before I am dumped into nothingness and blackness.
“Why do you need me?” I ask. I try to be calm and it appears to be working. There is nothing I can do to change my fate now.
“The gods need everybody,” says Brother Willow.
“Then why not sweep across the lands in a crusade and capture everybody?” 
“There wasn’t a purpose for many Brothers and Sisters before.”
I feel a chill in my heart. “But there is now?”
Brother Willow’s face appears above me, lit in a sinister smile that raped anything good my father had been.  “It’s strange that you should mention the word crusade. The Order of Power, like I said, was content to be small and only take the occasional person to be repurposed to serve the great and powerful gods of Earth. Then something changed, and now there is a need for more of us.”
“What happened?”
He is quiet for a moment before he says, “I don’t know.”
I believe him. He seems genuinely angry that he’s been denied this important information. That pleases me, though I strongly suspect that if he did know something he would tell me. After all, Ben Casper isn’t going to be around much longer. I would have liked to face death with at least some answers.
Brother Willow goes on, “Soon the Brothers and Sisters of the Order of Power are going on a crusade. By land, by sea and by air we will conquer the globe and humanity will once again unite under the gods.”
The whole notion of the Order of Power controlling the world sickens me. It’s too monumental for them to achieve, even if they repurpose thousands more people. They only have one repurposing machine for a start. To convert the whole world would take forever. Brother Willow seems confident, though, and he’s certainly not naive. If he believes this crusade could happen, then I believe him, even if my mind repels it as an impossible idea. 
Skye is close by, living in a settlement near to the Order of Power’s base. She would be one of the first to be repurposed in the crusade. Oh, Skye, I wish I could save you. I’m so sorry. 
Wait a minute… Why hadn’t I thought of this before?  There is one very large part of the story that is still mysteriously unsolved. I have an idea of the truth, but it’s so fantastical that it defies belief. First I have another question.
“Why did you murder Harold and Phylida?” I ask nervously.
Brother Willow laughs. “I enjoyed it.”
“There was another reason,” I demand. “Tell me!”
“They had to die, as pure and simple as that,” says Brother Willow callously. 
And my suspicions are confirmed.
“How did you know the gods would attack?” I ask him. “Surely their attacks are purely random occurrences?”
Brother Willow smirks. “Sometimes they are.”
“Can you see the future?”
Brother Willow snorts derisively, and I struggle against my bonds. Father’s laugh was gentle and humorous, but this monster makes a mockery out of it. Just when I think that the Order of Power can’t hurt me anymore, all this man has to do is laugh.
 “It was the biggest coincidence in the world, wasn’t it?” he says. “Harold Oldman, or whatever his real name is, just happens to find out the location of the God Cannon and then the gods inadvertently destroy the House of Casper? Coincidences do happen fairly often on this world, but sadly this isn’t one of them.
“I called the gods down upon your House.”
It is impossible yet it’s the only thing that makes sense.
“They all had to die,” he says steadily.
“There was no need to kill everyone!”
“Yes there was. Zachary Casper bowed down to peer pressure. Instead of telling his House to mind their own business and trust him instead, he told them all about the God Cannon and the names of the gods. They had to die.”
“But Harold, and Phylida, and the others...”
“The key conspirators would’ve died whether your father revealed the truth or not. They betrayed the gods by conspiring to kill them.”
“Do you feel anything about what you’ve done?”
Brother Willow doesn’t answer me. His face tells me all I need to know. There is no remorse there at all. My House needed to be destroyed, and all my family killed. I didn’t know if I could kill this man before, but I do now. I want to kill him so bad I feel I might burst.
“Do you remember the music box your father brought back three years ago?” Brother Willow inquires.
I wonder what this has to do with anything. He probably wants to stomp on more of my precious memories and ground them to dust. I remember that music box well.
“Your father was captured by the Order of Power when he found evidence that his son was also taken. He led a desperate attack on one of our small outposts where Dylan Casper was kept but he was easily overpowered. The two of them were brought here and repurposed one after the other. We found the code of the God Slayers United branded on the sole of his right foot and we decided to send him back home as a sleeper agent for the Order.
“The repurposing included information to make him think he’d tried to rescue his son from the Order but had failed. Oh how he wept. He really did wish his son was dead, rotting in the ground; anything but being one of us.”
“I fail to see where the music box comes into this.”
I hear it then, a soft tinkling, a warm tune that makes me drift back to days of grief and happiness. I’d called it “Dylan’s Song.” Hearing it now, I think of him.
Brother Willow has the music box in his hands. The lid is open and the cheap crystal inside it is turning and refracting the light. The music plays and everything seems so surreal.
“There are only two devices like this in the entire world.”  Brother Willow pauses. “Well, that we know of. The other is supposed to be with the God Cannon. I was given this because your father was known to be the center of the group that wished to kill the gods. If there was ever a need to call the gods down then I had the means in my hands.
“Have you ever really looked at this music box?”  I shake my head and Brother Willow continues. “No, I didn’t think you had. If you push inwards at these two ends of the box something interesting happens.”
A tiny slot slides out of the front of the music box. On it is a tiny screen and four buttons numbered 1 to 4.
“Type in the correct code and the crystal starts to play a different tune, one that humans cannot hear. This signal enrages the gods, pulls them towards the music box, like they have no will of their own. Once the gods set eyes upon each other the inevitable happens; they fight and anything around them gets crushed. It’s quite a handy device to have, really.”
I’m disgusted that he can talk so lightly of causing mass destruction. Yet another part of me is secretly in awe. The Order of Power has more power than anybody realizes. They can call upon the gods!  That is an ability to inspire more fear than the gods themselves.
“Not that I care, but why do you not use this music box all the time, or threaten to use it?” I wonder. “It would be very effective in getting villages and Houses to bend to your will.”
I really hope I haven’t just given him that very idea.
“Well, it had been in your father’s possession for the last few years,” says Brother Willow. “Besides, we don’t want anyone to know about it.”
“I know about it,” I threaten.
He smiles. “Yes, but you’re going to die in approximately two minutes. What does it matter what you know, Brother Birch?”
“Brother Birch?”
Brother Willow stares into my eyes and says, “Your new name.”
All the while we’ve been talking, the repurposing machine has been humming away. I hadn’t noticed it until now. I need more time to make myself ready. I don’t want to go just yet. 
The machine hanging from the ceiling begins to lower itself towards me. I see the red eye on the end of its stalk come closer until it touches my forehead. It feels cold, like clumps of dirt after a frost and it smells metallic like blood. It’s going to drill into my head.
When I hear a scream, a scream loud and full of pain, I assume it’s me. But as the scream turns into gurgling I realize it isn’t me at all, but Brother Willow.
“What’s going on?” I demand.
The repurposing machine begins to ascend back towards the ceiling again, where it clangs to an abrupt stop. Someone starts pulling at the straps that bind me to the table. When I strain to see who it is, I see my brother.
“Dylan?” I exclaim. “What’s going on?”
I sit up on the table as I’m freed and notice Brother Willow panting heavily, leaning over the side of the surgical instruments table. There is a puddle of blood on the floor.  Nestling in it is Brother Willow’s hand.
I’m utterly speechless as Dylan picks up the hand and, turning to me, says, “Are you coming or what?  We have to move now!”
I stare with horror at the look of utter amazement on Brother Willow’s face. Then I realize something; he’s utterly, utterly defenseless. All I have to do is take one of the surgical instruments, maybe that bloody one, which I assume Dylan, cut off his hand with.
I swipe up a smaller scalpel and hold it against Brother Willow’s throat. He is whimpering with pain and he looks right at me, scared out of his mind. I know I can do this. This man has killed my father and brought down death upon my entire family. He deserves to die. He deserves every slice of pain that’s coming to him and more. 
And just like I’d been taught to do with animals I swipe the scalpel across his throat with one swift, savage slash.
“You killed them all!” I roar. I stab the scalpel into his chest, hard, time and time again. Blood splashes onto me but I continue stabbing down and down, gritting my teeth.
I yell in protest at Dylan as he tries to pull me away. All I can concentrate on is making sure this monster dies.
“BEN!” Dylan shouts. He hammers his hand down on my arm until I drop the scalpel. He grabs me, turns me around to face him, and shakes me until I order him to stop.
“He’s dead, Ben,” he whispers. “He’s dead.”
I place my head on my brother’s shoulder and cry in relief.

Chapter 24 - Blood

You’re a murderer now, I accuse myself. You literally have blood on your hands.
I expect to feel different, as I’ve committed what is considered the ultimate sin, but I don’t. I feel the same. I don’t feel guilty.
“We have to go,” Dylan urges me. He’s still clutching the severed hand like it’s a rare relic. 
I look back at Brother Willow, at the bloody pulp I’ve made of his chest, the blood quickly congealing and turning black around his throat like a collar. His eyes are still open, staring at nothing. He’s gone now, and father’s body is unoccupied, just as it should be. 
Dylan is at the door now, impatient and glaring at me. I notice he refuses to look at the body. Does he think I’ve killed our father?  Does he blame me?  
“He’s dead,” I mutter.
“You did the right thing,” says Dylan. 
“He wasn’t Father,” I tell him. “He was nothing like Father.”
“I know that.” Dylan comes forward and kicks at a small saw like instrument, discarded on the floor, and covered in blood. “I sawed his hand off; the same hand he used to smack me across the back of the head when I did something naughty; the same hand he used to work with. I know it wasn’t him, this Brother Willow, but when I look at him all I can see is Father. I don’t think I would ever have been able to kill him, no matter what he did.”
”I could’ve killed him months ago, but all I saw when I looked at his face was Father. Then I finally came to understand that there was nothing of Father in Brother Willow.”
We look at the corpse again. I see I am standing in a pool of blood and my feet are bare. The blood is warm between my toes. The thin material of my gown is splattered with more blood. 
I notice Dylan is pulling at a bag strapped to his back. He takes out some old clothes and a pair of brown boots ratty. They were the clothes I had been wearing when the gods attacked, when mother and Uncle Rooster had died.
“Put these on,” he tells me. “It’s winter outside.”
I’m puzzled. “Surely it’s late July?”
“Believe me, it’s winter,” says Dylan. “The seasons are changing. Spring never arrived and winter refuses to leave.”
I start to dress, glad to wear something different, even if it is my old clothes. I don’t fancy making an escape attempt wearing this flimsy gown they’ve put me in. Why did they keep my old clothes, I wonder. Were they going to send me back into the world as their sleeper agent as they’d done with Father?
“I miss him,” says Dylan as I pull on my old boots. “I miss them all so much.”
I nod and say, “They’ve taken everything from us.”
“As long as one member of the House of Casper still lives then they haven’t taken everything,” says Dylan. “There’s the two of us and somewhere out there is Skye. We need her.”
“She wanted to start her own House, though.”
He smiles. “I’m sure you can talk her around. After all, technically she is starting a House, or rebuilding an old one.”
I’m sure Skye would agree to this. If she knew about the death of her family, she wouldn’t hesitate to help Dylan and I restart the House. She’d be a founder member, too. She’d enjoy that honor.
Dylan puts his hand on my shoulder. “No more talking. We have to get out of here.”
“The sooner the better,” I say.
But I can’t go just yet. There is something I need.
I pick up the music box. I feel it in my hands; the weave of the wood and the sheer power that this tiny thing can command. Right now this is the most important object in the world.
“What’s that?” Dylan asks.
“Something I don’t want them to have,” I answer, before joining him at the door. I slide the music box into the backpack that Dylan has given me. I could destroy it. But my instinct tells me I need to keep it safe. 
“What’s that for?” I ask him, pointing towards Brother Willow’s disembodied hand.
“This is what’s going to get us out of here.”
“What do you mean?” 
He taps his nose, an affectation I’d seen Mother do. “Wait and see.”
 “One more thing,” I say. I look around for something to use as a blunt object and notice a red tube attached to the wall near the door. I yank it from its bracket, and climb onto the operating table.
“What are you doing?” says Dylan, sounding puzzled.
“Wait and see,” I mimic.
I show him by smashing the red tube against the repurposing machine. Sparks flash and tiny bits of metal and bolts fly at me like shrapnel as I hit it over and over again. It’s delicate machinery. After four or five blows a large chunk of it breaks free, rolls off the table and smashes onto the floor. 
I grab hold of the rest of the machine and pull at it, yanking it free from the ceiling. Electrical wires hiss at me from being exposed but they don’t frighten me. I jump onto the floor and put it with the piece that has already fallen off. 
Then I piss on it.
“It’s not enough,” I say after my bladder has been emptied.  
“At least they won’t be able to fix it, at least not easily,” says Dylan. He gives me a shamed look. “Brother Nectar is dead.”
I look at him, shocked. “You killed him.”
“I had to, even though we were friends.”
“I want this entire room to burn.”
“We haven’t got time for this!” yells Dylan. “You’ve done enough damage!  Just leave it!”
“They want to start a crusade,” I tell him, not sure if he already knows. “They could have more of these machines and we need to kill them all.”
“MOVE!”
We exit the operations room and I see the outside corridor for the first time. It’s the same as on the cell levels, white and sparse, but not as long. I can’t see any more doors. There is a small chamber opposite with several comfy chairs, almost like a waiting room. It definitely isn’t for the patients. I realize that as soon as I see Sister Faun sit up from her seat and glare at us.
She is completely stolid.
This woman still terrifies me and she knows it.
“I heard the screams,” she says. “Your father didn’t die easily.”
“He wasn’t my father,” I spit.
She appears shocked. “You killed him?  I suppose I can see that. You have the look of a murderer.”
Our escape attempt had lasted mere seconds before we were found out. Sister Faun would use her powers on us and we’d be helpless and we’d be right back where we started. At least they can’t repurpose us anymore.
Sister Faun just stares at us.
“You can go,” she says. “I won’t stop you.”
“I don’t believe you,” I say.
She sighs. “I said I won’t stop you, but I don’t know about the others. They’ll probably kill you.”
“I destroyed your machine,” I brag.
“You did?”  She grins. “Good for you.”
“Looks like your crusade has failed.”
“My crusade will go ahead as planned. You don’t know everything.”
“Do you have more of them?”
Dylan pulls me along with him, ignoring her. “Leave her be. She’s mad.”
“I’m not mad!” she calls to us as we ignore her, heading away. “I’m just planning ahead!”
She laughs as Dylan presses Brother Willow’s severed hand against a white panel on the wall. The wall vanishes to reveal the interior of the lift. We step inside. Dylan touches something on the inside of the lift, a button that I hadn’t seen in the other lift, and the doors close and we take off.
“What does she mean?” I wonder. I don’t ask about the hand, as it’s now obvious. We needed someone more powerful to access the surface.
“She knows we intend to find the God Cannon,” Dylan explains. “She’s just letting us go so she can follow us and destroy it.”
“Why would she tell us that?” I ask, confused.
“We can’t stop her, can we?” says Dylan. “So what’s the point of even hiding what her plans are?”
It’s a simple plan and one that had yet to occur to me. The thought of her chasing me for the rest of my life scares me.
“So we won’t even think about finding the God Cannon,” I suggest. “That way we can’t lead her to it.”
“Is that really an option?” says Dylan.
We look at each other. After a few seconds I state, “I want to find it. We could formulate a proper plan once we escaped this place.
“So do I,” he says. “I want those gods to pay.”
“Is this about revenge?”
He watches me for a while before replying with, “Yes.”
I can settle for that for now.  Revenge is a powerful motivator. 
The music box! If we had the God Cannon all we had to do was summon them with the box and kill them. It’s simple when you think about it.
“You have to do your best to make sure Sister Faun can’t follow you,” Dylan says. “You have to be careful. She’s an excellent tracker. They send her out after escaped prisoners. It doesn’t happen often but when it does, she’s very good at her job.”
The lift journey seems to be taking a while.
“I should’ve killed her,” says Dylan with a long sigh. “She stood right in front of us and we did nothing. We should’ve killed her.”
“Next time,” I promise him.
“I’ll never live with myself if she finds the God Cannon.”
“We won’t let her.”
The lift comes to a stop, and Dylan’s words ring in my head. I’m just about to ask him whether we’re at the surface or not when the door opens and he shoves me out of the lift. I don’t notice where we are, or what level we’re on.
I turn to him, feeling shocked. “What are you doing?”
“You know what you have to do,” says Dylan. He looks straight into my eyes and smiles, like he’s made peace with something. “Get out of here and kill them. Do it for me; do it for the House; do it for Mother and Father.”
What is he saying?  I’d much rather prefer this to be a trap.
 “Dylan!” I beg. 
He answers “If I do make it after doing what I have to do, I know where you’ll go first, but if I don’t...I love you, brother.”
I run to stop him, but the door to the lift closes up again. I bang on the door, on the white panel, but nothing happens. Angry and betrayed, I fight back the tears. I hear the faint sound of the lift whizzing upwards, taking my brother away from me.
“Dylan!” I cry. “Come back!”


Chapter 25 – Into the Light

A second or two tick by as I cry. I wish I knew what he was doing. I wish I knew why.
There has to be some way to get the lift door open.
“Rotter!” a voice calls.
I turn back to the level I’m on, wiping the salty tears from my eyes, and suddenly Dylan’s plan unfolds. I’m in the cave garden. Dylan is going to do something, create some kind of diversion, while I escape through the crack in the wall. I will never see him again. He’s going to his death. He’s going to sacrifice himself.
Rotter, the parrot, is perched precariously on the branch of a tree near the lift. He’s looking down at me, his head wobbling up and down as he tries to digest what I’m doing. He’s probably never seen a human cry before.
“Ben?” Rotter asks.
I had never told the parrot my name, had I?  I don’t think I had. So how does it know who I am?  Perhaps Skye’s told him. Still, that doesn’t make sense either. 
I steel myself for what I have to do. I look around me, and see nobody in my immediate vicinity. That doesn’t mean the place is empty. The gardener is always here, and the farm is tended, and there could be anybody walking about. I have to be careful, but still I need to hurry. When Dylan does whatever he’s going to do on the surface, I need to be climbing inside that crack in the cave wall and out of here.
I slip into the trees, feeling leaves and branches swipe at my face. I creep swiftly through the thick wooded area of the gardens, eyes on alert, always watching. I use my training when catching wild animals, instead putting myself in the position of prey. I have to keep out of sight, and not make any noise.
I hear voices as I pass what I take to be a small oak tree. I press my back up against it, feeling the rough bark push against my skin. I slow my breathing down to its bare minimum and wait.
“I can’t believe the previous hosts were married,” says Sister Artemis. “Marriage is such an antiquated tradition.”
Brother China groans. “We do have a baby on the way.”
I peer around the tree, and watch Brian and Lottie walking together down a small paved pathway between the trees. Their hands aren’t touching and they are at least a meter apart, almost as if the mere touch of their bodies against each other is something filthy.
“A lovely child who will be a great Brother,” says Sister Artemis.
“A great Brother, yes,” Brother China agrees. “He won’t be that unique soon, though. After the crusade, all babies born will be raised as a Brother or Sister. It will be glorious.”
They walk away as I watch the back of Brian’s head. Even now I admire the shape of his ears and the way his buttocks fit into his trousers. He is so beautiful on the outside.
I’ll miss you so much, Brian, but it’s time to move on now. 
When I see they’ve gone further into the woods, away from my sight, away from my life, I creep out from behind the juvenile oak tree. I start to panic, suddenly afraid I’ve lost my bearing. I seriously consider retracing my steps when Rotter gives an annoyed squawk.
“Ben!” the parrot shouts. “This way!”
“Rotter?” 
I find the bird and grin, knowing he’s showing me the way. 
I mentally thank the bird and continue, all the while waiting for something to happen. It’s been at least five minutes since Dylan left me. He must have gotten to the surface by now, but I haven’t heard a single thing, not a siren or shouts from Brothers and Sisters; nothing. I hope he hasn’t been caught already. They’d surely kill him.
BOOM!
The explosion almost rocks me off my feet. Rotter screams and takes off into the ceiling of stalagmites, leaving a wave of feathers behind him in his haste. The lights blink out, every single one. The ceiling trembles slightly and several smaller stalagmites drop loose and plummet to the ground. I put my hands over my head, fearful the whole cave is about to tumble down and crush me to death.
Dylan must have set off a bomb. I hope and pray that he hasn’t killed himself in the process. He had had the face of a man about to face his death when he’d left me.
No. I have to believe he has survived this. I will be reunited with Dylan. 
I make my way to the crack in the cave wall. Rotter the parrot makes mad squawks all the time in his bid to guide me there. Now the lights are off, the cave is dark as tar and I need his guidance. Still, something about Rotter unnerves me. He acts different than before. 
“Get in mineshaft, rotter!” the parrot screeches.
“I’m coming.” The parrot reminds me somewhat of Skye, which is absurd.
I stare back at the cave garden one last time. Even though I can’t see it I know it’s there. I think about Brian and Lottie, lost to me. I think about the beauty of the garden and how it’s wasted on the Order of Power.   I think about Father’s body, lying in the operating room next to a pile of machinery covered in piss. I hope that this place falls to ruin when I have left. I hope it crumbles and falls apart. 
“Hurry up, idiot,” says the parrot rudely. I make a swipe at it with my hand as it clambers through the crack in the wall, its talons clacking away. I follow, slipping through into blackness darker than the cave garden. I have to calm my breathing as I start to panic.
I berate myself. I’m not buried alive. Think this through carefully. I’m in a tiny crack in a cave wall, certainly, but I’m not buried alive. I’ll never let that happen to me again for as long as I live.
I feel my way along in the darkness. Rock scratches my skin and tugs at my clothes. Drops of water drip onto my face. All the while, I hear Rotter in the distance, mumbling to himself, the clacking of his claws and the rustling of his feathers made loud.
“How much longer?” I call out. My voice seems muffled, like I’m covered in a blanket.
“No complain!” says Rotter.

After a while, Rotter begins to make excited noises. I still can’t see him, or anything else for that matter, but his clattering seems to indicate a change. I push myself quicker onwards, ignoring a sharp piece of rock that digs into my shoulder. I have to get out of this tight corridor. 
In my haste, I fall forward. For a second, I imagine myself falling down a deep dark chasm, a bottomless pit. I can’t die like this, down here in the dark.
My chin hits rock, and I bite my tongue. I cry out. It’s then that I notice I can stretch my arms around me a lot more. The cave tunnel has finally widened out!
“Rotter?” I call.
There is no answer. 
“Rotter?”
All around me is yet more darkness. The air is ice cold and it’s hard to breathe. I really need to take a rest.
I feel around the wall, hoping it could somehow lead me out of here. Maybe I can feel my way to the exit through the darkness. 
I’m hungry. How long has it been since I last ate?  That meal Dylan brought me, the one I didn’t eat... I should have eaten it. 
Wherever this tunnel or mineshaft leads to it is somewhere near to where Skye is living. She’s alive, so therefore she has to have something to eat. 
I walk faster, my hands feeling along the wall. I notice that I’m going up a slight incline and, every now and again, I’d come across large pieces of wood by the rock. I assume the wood is what holds the mine roof up. So this is a mineshaft, and a mineshaft has to have an exit.
I start to hear things. It’s a banging noise, like a hammer hitting something hard and unyielding. It’s in the direction I’m heading anyway but I start to become nervous. What’s making the noise?
And then I see the light. It’s faint at first, so faint I think that maybe my mind is conjuring up the image to torture me, but it’s no mirage. It’s the first signs of daylight. I’m nearing the end.
I move away from the wall and start to run. I’m tired, hungry and thirsty and I can still feel Brother Willow’s blood drying on my face but I don’t care. I have to get out of this damn mineshaft!  I’m sick of the dark. 
The sunlight strikes my face and I realize I had missed it badly. The air may be cold, and there is thick snow on the ground, but the sky is clear and the sun is shining and I’m finally free of the Order of Power.
I smile and breathe in the glorious fresh air. Where’s that parrot?  No wonder Skye had called it Rotter. 
A funnel of deep black smoke is coming up from over the top of the hill I have just emerged from. Curious, I trudge through the snow, making my way up steep rock until I stand at the summit. I look down a wide valley covered in a white blanket of snow. There are fields, houses and a small village with a church in its center. 
“Dylan...”
Near the village, standing on its own like an anomaly is a metallic monolith of a building. It’s on its side like a collapsed windmill, spewing out fire and gallons of black smoke. Tiny stick figures are running around, trying to put out the flames. Dylan had done this. He must have set off a bomb and destroyed the aboveground facility. There’s no way he could’ve survived such an explosion. Only a god could have survived such devastation.
So this is it, they’re all gone now; my parents and my siblings, my aunts and uncles and cousins. At least a serious blow has been dealt against the Order of Power. They wouldn’t be able to get into their underground complex now, and even if they could they couldn’t repurpose anyone anymore. I’m proud of Dylan for what he’s done. 
But what if he planted the bomb and managed to get away?  He told me he’d meet me somewhere he knew I’d go. He knew I was going to Skye, so that meant he knew where Skye was. 
I turn away from the vista of destruction and climb back down the rocky hillside. I stand by the entrance to the mineshaft, constructed out of wood, and contemplate going back inside. Instead I sit down in a tuft of grass and rest my head against the hillside. I’m so tired. 
The hammering noise thunders back, waking me up. I look at the sky and notice I’ve been asleep maybe half an hour. 
The hammering intensifies. It piques my curiosity and I find myself actively looking around for where the sound is coming from. There is nothing down this side of the hill apart from more fields. No, wait; there is something. I go forward and look down, past another cliff face. Down at the side of the cliff is a small dwelling made of wood and plastic sheets. Its roof is covered in a fine layer of snow and there is even a well further out.
There is a man. He has a large hammer in his hands and is hitting a sheet of metal that rests on an anvil. The man is tall, with curly blonde hair, simple brown clothes and a serious look on his face. Rotter the parrot is perched on a fence post watching him. 
The man stops and looks straight at me. I pull back away from the edge of the cliff and turn and run... straight into someone I thought I’d never see again in a million years. 
Brother Willow.

Chapter 26 – The Icy Grasp

I can only stare dumfounded at the man I thought I had murdered. I feel so insanely stupid. I’ve come all this way and now I’m going to be captured again by Brother Willow? I’d made a bloody mesh of his chest!  I have to be seeing things.
“What are you doing here?” I ask timidly.
It’s clear this Brother Willow is the same as the one I’d killed, and not an illusion. There is dried blood on his neck and the top of his jacket is shredded and covered in blood, too. Yet I can’t see any wounds or even a scar to indicate that he’s been injured. Even his hand has grown back! I just can’t get my head around this.
I prod him with my little finger, just to make sure he’s real and I haven’t gone totally insane.
“How is this possible?” I ask him. “It’s not possible.”
“I was just as surprised as you were to wake up alive after you brutally murdered me,” Brother Willow confesses. He shivers in the cold. “Do you have any idea what’s going on here?”
“No!” I shout. “Why should I?”
“You are the child of this body,” says Brother Willow. 
“I don’t know anything.”
Brother Willow tries to step towards me, but I pull back. I’m almost teetering on the edge of the cliff. The drop behind me isn’t far, but I could brake several bones and be at this mad man’s mercy if I did fall.
“I woke up and you and Brother Pine were gone and I didn’t know where to go or what to do.”  Brother Willow is confused, in a panic, like a man on the verge of a breakdown. “I decided to go to the cave garden and that’s when I saw the smudges of dried blood in the lift and on the grass.”
I glance at my boot and see the blood on them. How could I have not noticed what I’d done?
“I put two and two together and realized that you must have escaped through the crack in the cave wall into the mineshaft,” Brother Willow explains slowly. “It was so dark in there.”
I’m surprised. “You knew about that?”
“Obviously I knew about it, but I didn’t think you did, otherwise I would never have allowed you in the cave garden in the first place.”
The hammering continues loudly in the background. From our current position I’m sure that the man down there can see us, but I can’t count on him to save me. For all I know he’s with the Order of Power. He certainly lives near enough to them.
 I swallow. “Are you taking me back?”
“What do you think?”
“Your crusade is cursed!” I snarl. “I’ve destroyed your repurposing machine and anyone who can fix it is dead. You don’t need me or anyone else anymore!”
Brother Willow looks at his hand, the one that had grown back, and says, “Who do you think taught those people how to fix the machine?  The Grand Father has been training hundreds of Brothers and Sisters in the use of his new technology, a portable device that can repurpose people on the spot.”
“You’re lying!”
“According to Sister Faun the devices are ready for beta testing. You will be part of the experiment!”
I tense, ready for anything, and Brother Willow lunges for me, his face melting into a snarl. I pull my fist back and punch him in the face so hard I see a tooth covered in blood slither out and fall onto the grass. The back of his hand hits my cheek, causing me to stagger back near the edge of the cliff. I automatically reach out to grab him. I use his body to pull myself forward and I gave him a head butt directly under his chin.  . 
“That hurt,” Brother Willow groans. He uses his middle finger to poke about at his missing tooth. I watch in astonishment as the tooth starts to slowly grow back.
“What are you?” I hiss, knowing full well I should be running but unable to look away. I have to know what’s wrong with him.
“It’s not genetic, otherwise when you had that broken arm it would’ve healed quickly.”  Brother Willow’s face lights up in a malevolent smile. “It seems that Zachary Casper might not actually be your father.”
“He is my father!” I rave.
“Are you sure about that?” says Brother Willow, the tooth now fully grown in his mouth again. “What a revelation.”
I scream as I go for him, my hands out like claws. I want to gouge his eyes out or pull his heart out, but instead he grabs my arm and tries to pull me into a neck hold. I struggle against him. He’s very strong but I scream again and kick him in the groin. Brother Willow roars and lets me go. I turn and run. 
Lies!  Mayor Zach was my father. How could he not be?  We looked the same!  We even acted the same sometimes!  How could he not be my father?  It was just impossible.
Something hits my thigh; something sharp and very painful. I’m propelled forward by my own momentum and crash headfirst into the hillside. The pain that shoots through my head is immense, but still I try to pick myself up and go on. It’s then that I see the tiny dagger sticking into my left thigh.
“No,” I whisper. I yank the dagger out of my flesh just as Brother Willow comes at me again. He pins me to the ground with his legs, straddling me. He puts his hands around my neck and squeezes.
“I thought you wanted me alive?” I yell.
“You’re too much trouble,” snarls Brother Willow. 
He squeezes harder and harder and the pain in my thigh and from the music box in my pack sticking into my back is becoming unbearable, but I continue to struggle and kick and swing my arms at him. I push at him as hard as I can and find an opening. My left hand, the one with the dagger, nicks the side of his ear. Brother Willow screams in pain and, just for a millisecond, he lets off the tension around my neck. I take this advantage and swing my arm up and spear the small dagger through his eye and into his brain. He stops and looks down at me, all his struggles ceasing at once. Then he just flops back into the snow, dead.
I get up, my neck hurting, and look down at Brother Willow. Is he really dead this time?  I’m not a doctor or anything but I’m pretty sure that a knife into the brain would kill anybody. Surely, even Brother Willow couldn’t live after having that done to him?
I’m about to kick him just to make sure, when I hear a shout. I turn around, feeling panic rising again. Had another Brother followed Willow, or is it someone else?
“Are you alight?” a voice asks.
I turn to find the tall man with curly blonde hair appraising me some distance away. He has his hammer in his hand and the expression he wears on his face is slightly hostile.
“Who are you?” I demand. “Do you work for the Order?”
“I suppose I do.”
I don’t listen to anything else. I mentally shut out his lies and deceptions and run as fast as I can through the snow. I would run and run until I could find somewhere to hide. Then I’d go about my search for Skye. I have to find her, even if it takes me forever.
A noise in the arctic silence catches me off guard and I look around and trip. I put my hands out to steady myself, and feel them touch something cold and brittle, ice. A second later the ice cracks and I plunge through into water so freezing it makes my bones shake.
My body starts to freeze. My feet kick out in the water, hoping I’m being silly and it isn’t deep, but it is, and pretty soon I start to gag as water slides into my mouth. 
“You idiot!” someone shouts. “What are you doing?”
A hand grabs onto my backpack and drags me up out of the icy water. I cough water from my mouth as I’m pulled onto the bank. I can’t stop my teeth from chattering, I’m so bitterly cold and wet.
“Why do you go swimming if you can’t swim?” the voice mocks.
“I fell in by accident,” I shout.
Skye laughs.  “It’s a good job you’ve got me around to save you then, isnt it?”

Epilogue – Rooster Says Hello

I can’t help but watch Skye as she stirs the soup in the cauldron on the hearth. She’s a little skinnier, and she has bags under her eyes that make her look ten years older, but other than that she’s the same old Skye.
“That smells good,” I comment. My stomach is gurgling away like a cat in heat.
“It’s chicken soup,” says Skye, stirring, humming. “The chicken didn’t mind because it was poorly and she was probably going to die soon anyway but she was still a friend so I hope the soup’s good.”
I shiver in my cocoon of warm blankets, which my body is completely naked under.  I can see my clothes drying on a rack near the hearth. My teeth still chatter, but I’m slowly getting warmer. My dunk in the icy river had taken a lot out of me.
The tall blonde man is sitting on a wooden chair near the hearth, watching alternately myself and Skye. Albatross, the pig, is in his lap, loving the attention as the man's big hands stroke his back, and Rotter the parrot is perched on the back of the chair, half asleep. Everything appears so calm and serene, almost like they’re all one big happy family. It makes me kind of jealous, and a little ashamed. This man helped carry me back in here from the side of the river and he’d done his best to keep me warm and dry. He is a kind man and I had run from him like he was carrying the purple plague.
“Who are you?” I ask him. His cottage is warm and neat but I love it, even though it is small. 
“I’m a blacksmith for the village of Fowl,” answers the man. His voice is gruff and tender at the same time. “We’re under jurisdiction of the Order; we make some of their clothes and food and stuff but generally we try to keep as far from them as possible. We just want to live our lives.”
“I’m sorry I ran away like that,” I say. “It’s just that... Brother Willow! Is he still dead?”
“I buried him,” said the man. “There’s no need to worry.”
I’ve killed Brother Willow twice in one day and I still don’t feel anything. Now, though, at least father’s body is buried in the earth, just as it should be.
When Skye has finished heating the soup she serves it into three dishes. It’s not exactly the best meal I’ve ever had, but I’m desperately hungry and the warmth it fills me with is like a miracle to my cold bones.
For the next hour, we talk. Skye doesn’t tell me how she got here, no matter how many times I ask her, though she does relate a few anecdotes about people she’s met. She says she doesn’t want to talk about her quest to start her own House. She’s happy where she is now that Connor Bristol has taken her in as his apprentice. 
“I know about what happened back home,” she mumbles. Albatross leaps into her lap to comfort her. She wipes away a tear. “Every House and village is talking about it and it’s gotten everyone scared.”
I nod. This is something I can’t talk about and I tell her so. She understands. I do tell her about Brian and Lottie. I know how she feels, having seen my father’s body worn by someone else. Being repurposed is indeed a fate worse than death.
“Is there no chance?” she asks me. She almost begs.
“I’m sorry,” I say. “When you’re repurposed you’re gone.”
“But Dylan...”
I shrug my shoulders. “I just don’t know.”
The truth is, I don’t know. Dylan hadn’t known why his repurposing had failed. Maybe there’d been a fault right at the beginning?  We might never know.
“Brian was the only one who knew my secret,” Skye whispers. She looks at my confused look. What secret is she talking about?  “He didn’t really believe me but that didn’t matter.”
She looks into my eyes. I think she sees the pain there, what we’ve both been through.
“I’ll tell you my secret later.”
Skye heads outside with the animals. I can hear her crying almost as soon as the door slams. I can’t help yawning, as tiredness finally kicks in. I don’t want to continue the conversation any further. All I want to do is sleep.

I wake up in the middle of the night to someone tugging at my arm. I lash out with my fist, only pulling away at the last second when I see Skye’s excited face hovering over me like a specter.
“Why are you so happy?” I ask groggily.
“I’m not happy, I’m as miserable as I’ve ever been,” she says, still smiling. “However, there is something I forgot to tell you that I just remembered!  What with all the talking and nearly dying and stuff, it totally slipped my mind and, never mind, here you go.”
She slaps a folded piece of paper into my hands. It’s soggy and wet and I half wonder whether Skye has gone mad.
“What’s this?” I ask her.
“It fell out of your pocket when we were carrying you back to the hut,” says Skye. “Read it, go on!”
I sigh and do as I’m ordered, anything to shut her up.
The top of the letter reads Dear Ben...
“It’s from your Uncle Rooster,” says Skye excitedly. She grins. “I know, I read the ending.”
Before Father had killed him, Rooster had slipped something into my pocket. It must have been this note!
I read the letter out loud. “Dear Ben...Forgive my handwriting as I’m doing this in a hurry before any of you get back from getting firewood but I need you to know what Harold told me. You see, he wasn’t dead when I found him. He was near it but not in the grave just yet. He told me I had to continue his quest to find the God Cannon.  Now that quest falls to you. You have to seek out Esther Queen in London. I know I can count on you. Love, Uncle Rooster.”
I read the letter three times to make the information stick in my head. Then I climb out of bed, ignoring the fact that I’m stark naked, and toss the letter in the burning hearth fire.
“What are you doing?” Skye cries.
“I don’t want a member of the Order to find it,” I say. I watch as the letter crumples into ash.
Skye sighs. “Oh, good idea. So when do we leave?”
I turn to her and say, “You really want to traverse the entire country all the way to London, chased by the Order of Power?”
“I suppose,” she says. “Not that I don’t love Connor to bits for taking me in but this is something I have to do.”
“I originally wanted to use the God Cannon to kill the gods in revenge for what they did to my family,” I tell her. 
She looks at her feet and says, “What about now?”
“Nothing’s changed,” I state. “I want revenge.”
She walks up to me and shakes my hand. 

The story of Ben Casper continues in The Sky Is Falling...


Acknowledgements

I’d like to thank my mother, who read the very first draft of this and enjoyed it even then.  Many thanks to the Chapeltown Library Writer’s Group, who keep my imagination running.  Thank you to Martina Elfinsson for giving me a great edit of the book, and to Pamela Gifford, another excellent editor who rooted out all those pesky grammar problems for me.

Facebook

If you enjoyed this book, please leave a review with Amazon. We indie writers love to know what people think of our work. You can also contact me at dldkrypto@gmail.com if you’d like to send me a message or want to know about upcoming projects.  I also have a Facebook page that you can like, at https://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Imagination-of-DLD/573907335960883?notif_t=page_new_likes
Turn the page for an exciting look at the first three chapters to the next book in the quartet, which is titled “The Sky Is Falling.”


The Sky Is Falling - Chapter 1 – Ominous Warnings

“Dear Ben
Forgive my handwriting as I’m doing this in a hurry before any of you get back from getting firewood, but I need you to know what Harold told me. You see, he wasn’t dead when I found him. He was near it but not in the grave just yet. He told me I had to continue his quest to find the God Cannon.  Now that quest falls to you. You have to seek out Esther Queen in London. I know I can count on you.
Love, Uncle Rooster.

I’ve thought about that letter maybe a dozen times in the past five days. I know every word by heart, even though I’d read it just once before burning it. It is my mission statement, and I will follow it. Skye and I will go to London. We will find the God Cannon, and we will kill the gods. Yet this isn’t about saving the world, it’s about something primal and simple: revenge. The gods had come down on our home, The Glass Palace, and killed our families. My mother died in my arms. My cousin Milo was burned alive. The gods think they’re safe, swooping around the world, destroying continents and people’s lives, but now their days are numbered. Skye and I are coming for them. They will pay.
I return back to my chores, putting log pieces in the fireplace. The weather is bitterly cold and tonight the temperatures will be below freezing. The odd thing is it isn’t even winter. It is the middle of July. Connor, a blacksmith whose cottage Skye and I are staying in, had said the seasons were out of order, which didn’t really explain much. The seasons have been acting strangely for months now. I wish I knew what was wrong. All I know for sure is that it is freezing all the time and most days I am never warm enough.
“Who do you think this Esther Queen person is?” Skye wonders. She is dusting the small cottage we are staying in.  The house’s owner, Connor Bristol, is away in the nearby village of Fowl running errands.  “Neither of my fathers mentioned her before.  Do you think she’s a god slayer too?”
I watch her work, her face beaming as she wipes a damp cloth over the surfaces. She likes to clean. She says it keeps her mind off things. Her pet teacup pig, Albatross, is curled up on a dilapidated old chair watching her with avid eyes. I still haven’t figured out the connection between them. How does Skye know what her pet is thinking, and how does she ask him to do things for her? I wish she would tell me what her deal is but I know she has secrets. I hope that one day she can trust me enough to confide in me.
I’ve known Skye ever since I can remember. We’ve been best friends since before I could talk. We’re both fifteen years old and are the last living members of the House of Casper, a small town that existed inside an old shopping mall called The Glass Palace, which was destroyed by the gods that plague our world. Sometimes I think we’re lucky that we survived. Other times I think it would’ve been merciful for us to have gone down with the House and our families.
“I’ve never heard of her either, but I think she might,” I say. I’m starting to get bored of doing chores now. I want to leave and start our journey to London immediately. Patience isn’t one of my strong suits. “There are dozens of them out there. Maybe father would’ve told who they were if he’d lived.”
I doubted that. Father liked to keep secrets. If the gods hadn’t attacked, he and the others would’ve left to kill the gods themselves and I’d be mayor of the House of Casper. I’d be miserable, but at least my family would still be alive.
I got my wish, though. I wanted to be out in the world instead of stuck in The Glass Palace, stifled. I should be glad I have what I wanted so desperately. 
	“Are you...are we god slayers now?” Skye asks me. Her voice is quiet, hushed, almost awed, like even voicing this question is somehow blasphemous. She clutches at her raven black hair, hanging loose around her shoulders.
“I suppose we are.”
“That’s quite a burden.”
I nod my head, agreeing with her. 
Skye gives a mournful sigh and gets back to work.  
I’m a god slayer. It’s quite a grand title, especially when I haven’t actually slain a god yet. I hope Esther Queen can help me with that.
I don’t know if I’m supposed to be scared or delighted. While I want revenge, the thought of actually killing the gods terrifies me, not to mention the long journey we’d have to take to get to London. It’s hundreds of miles to our destination, through cities of rubble and tribes of Felum and across the chasm of Britain and who knows what other dangers. What if we don’t make it? What if...what if...
	No. This is what I have to do...what we have to do. Our families deserve vengeance and we will get it for them. The fact that we save the world in the process is just a nice bonus.

	I journey outside to fetch more logs for the fire. It is snowing again, heavy. The flakes are the size of cherries and feel like blunt razors as they hit my hands and face. I don’t understand this change in weather but suspect it has something to do with the gods. I don’t know how they’ve done it, but Tornado and Blue Hair have managed to destroy the seasons as well as the rest of the planet. What I don’t understand is why they’ve done it. What’s the point? A part of me thinks that they’ve done it just because they can, or because they want to inflict more misery on us, but something tells me it isn’t that. The frustrating thing is that I might never know the truth.
	The gods were responsible for so much. Hundreds of years ago there were six gods. The good ones created a weapon called the God Cannon to kill the bad ones. After that, the good ones started fighting each other for reasons nobody knows. Mixcoatl and Ninurta (or Tornado and Blue Hair as I call them) ended up destroying cities and killing people in their millions while fighting. The people left over warred with each other, caught diseases and reduced their already low numbers through other means. Any attempts to gather together and build big cities again always ended up the same; the gods destroyed it. 
	I pull my hand through my hair, dark brown and messy. I’m growing it long in memory of him. My adolescent beard is still scraggly and a little pathetic looking, but I’m hoping that one day I will have a goatee that would make my father proud.
	Rotter the parrot flies past me and lands on a fence post. This bird has literally saved my life. He somehow led me out of the Order of Power’s underground base, through a mineshaft, and all the way to Connor’s cottage. I ruffle his red feathers with my hand, eternally grateful. I’ll probably never know how intelligent this bird really is.
	“Rotter!” the parrot announces. He sounds proud of himself. “Skye is the best person in the whole world!”
	I agree with him. She’s the only thing I have left right now and I will treasure her forever.
	As I reach the woodpile I begin to think about my father. His body is buried on the hill overlooking the cottage. He’d taught me so much in my life. There were still things he hadn’t gotten around to teaching me. What have I missed out on? What did the Order of Power do when they repurposed him, turned him into the vile, murderous Brother Willow?                  Zachary Casper was a man who had been destined to destroy the gods, along with Harold Oldman and Uncle Rooster and Doctor Kahn, and now they were all dead; dead and remembered only by Skye and myself. The Order of Power had placed a newly created personality inside his head, which then took over and erased the original. They had used his body for their own ends; they had “repurposed” it.
	I flash back to Brother Willow’s cruel, taunting words, telling me that I wasn’t Zachary Casper’s true son. It’s a lie, I know that.  But why could the Brother come back from the dead and display such amazing healing powers? I haven’t inherited it. So why can’t I heal myself in an instant? Why am I so different?
	I tense and whisper, “Brother Willow...”
	I haven’t checked on the grave today. For the past five days I’ve monitored the buried remains of my father/Brother Willow. I have to make sure he hasn’t risen from the grave again. If he could do it once then he could do it again.
	I run, stumbling over farming equipment left lying around. I have this terrible certainty that Brother Willow is clawing his way out of the dirt right this very second, covered in worms, screaming for revenge. I should have checked him sooner! I’m such an idiot!
	I halt at the gravesite. I heave a sigh of relief to see it is undisturbed. It seems Brother Willow is dead and is staying that way. I’m glad. Seeing that monster riding around in my father’s body always made me sick to my stomach.
	There is a loud crash from further down the hill. I walk up the steep incline a bit more and look into the valley, down at the village of Fowl. It is made up of twenty or so small cottages and an old religion church that is now used as a grain storehouse. The remains of the Order of Power’s headquarters still burn, days after my brother, Dylan, blew it up with his suicide-bombing raid. The village looks peaceful enough. There are no Brothers and Sisters about, but there are no villagers about, either. It’s the middle of the day, a market day. There should be people about, buying and selling things, chatting about their families.
	Connor is down there...
	I look around a bit more, but I can’t tell where the crash came from. I know for certain it originated from Fowl. Did the noise drive the villagers back into their houses? Is the Order of Power up to something? I doubt it. Assuming the aboveground entrance to their underground headquarters is the only way down there, I imagine most of the Brothers and Sisters are still trapped underground because of the damage caused by Dylan’s bomb.
	I have to know what’s going on.
	
	Connor returns a few hours later as the sun begins to set. He is in a boisterous mood, obviously drunk, as he comes in the door. The bags he carries with him look heavy but I’m sure he can handle it. He is almost seven foot, with blonde hair and the physique of someone who could handle any weight. I asked him days ago how he’d gotten such large muscles and he said he was born that way.
	He calls hello to the two of us and puts his bags on the floor. Skye runs to the door and closes it to stop the snow from blowing in. Connor seems to be a forgetful drunk, much like my Uncle Rooster is...used to be. I imagine Connor would have loved my uncle’s homebrew. It was certainly a taste you never forgot.
	“Did you get everything?” I ask, excited.
	“Are you that eager to get yourself killed?” Connor asks. His voice is deep and gruff and gravelly.
	“We won’t get ourselves killed,” says Skye with a smile.  She pulls out some dried chicken from a bag and giggles.  
	“Maybe you should reconsider this foolish venture,” says Connor.
	“Ridding the world of the gods is not foolish,” I snap.  
	“Maybe if you were doing it for the right reasons,” says Connor.
	We’ve had this conversation before, back when Skye and I had told Connor of our plans. Skye had told me Connor was trustworthy and I believed her, but now I was beginning to wish we’d kept quiet. I don’t want him to convince us not to go. I still don’t know him that well, as I haven’t been living with him as long as Skye but I can see he cares for her. He doesn’t want her to get hurt. He doesn’t want me to get hurt either.
	“Revenge is a perfectly good reason,” I state.

	We decide to have one last warm meal, one final night in a proper bed, and then tomorrow we will start on our quest. We have our food supplies now, as well as a plastic tent that Connor has borrowed from a friend. We even have a map in our possession. It belonged to Connor’s wife, though where the wife is now we have no idea. He refuses to talk about it.
	As I chew down on undercooked peas, I mentally flesh out the mission before us. London is in a southerly direction from our current position, and I’m fairly sure we can navigate our way there using the map. The map is ancient, probably pre-apocalypse, though it does have the chasm that had split the country in half marked on it with some sort of red crayon. I have no idea how we will bypass that. I joke to myself, saying we’ll cross that bridge when we come to it. Is there a bridge? Surely someone would’ve built one by now?
	“The town seemed quiet,” I say to break the silence.
	“The Order members that were displaced on the surface have been billeted in people’s homes,” Connor explains to us. “They won’t let the villagers leave their sight unless it’s for a dire emergency. They only let me do my trading because I’m the only blacksmith in the area, and they need to keep me on their side.”
	“I don’t know how the villagers put up with them,” says Skye.
	“They don’t really have a choice,” says Connor. “The Order have been good to this village in the past. Now things are changing. They’re more aggressive.”
	“The House of Casper thought the Order was a pathetic cult,” I say. “They were dead wrong.”
	I watch Skye as she feeds Albatross scraps under the table. She catches me watching and winks conspiratorially at me.
	“How far are they with the rebuilding?” I ask. “I heard a loud noise come from down there earlier today.”
	Connor sighs, looks down at his plate. “They tore down the mayor’s house because she said she didn’t want to be repurposed. The mayor and his family were in it at the time.”
	Skye stifles a gasp. The Order is getting aggressive.
	“The whole town have been told they’re to be repurposed in the near future. When reinforcements arrive they will be,” says Connor. “They should be here any day now. Lucky for you you’ll be gone by then.”
	I tense. “Why?”
	“This entire valley will be crawling with thousands of Brothers and Sisters. I heard them talking; they’re starting the crusade very soon.”
	“The crusade?” A look of deep thought comes to Connor’s face. “I spoke with one of the Brothers in town, a Brother Storm. He told me that they were going to go out and repurpose the whole world.”
	“The whole world?” Skye exclaims.
	Connor nods. I know it to be true because Brother Willow told me.
	“Did he say why they were doing it?” I ask. “Brother Willow said it was because they wanted everyone to worship the gods.”
	“That’s what he said too.”
	We contemplate this horrifying prospect as we eat. The thought of it makes me feel ill. I have no idea how they’ll reach the entire world but for some reason I know they’re quite capable. They’re going to kill millions of people and place soulless monsters inside their bodies. 
	Why am I even thinking about this? If I kill the gods, then the Order of Power won’t have anything to worship anymore. If I complete my quest to find the God Cannon then I destroy the Order at the same time.

	That night I dream I’m back in the Order of Power’s underground base. I’m still in that sinister white room, strapped down to that gleaming silver table, as the sharp point of the metallic, bulky repurposing machine lowers down to destroy who I am.  The needle is going to push through my skull and into my brain and implant a new personality. I struggle against my bonds, shout for all I’m worth, but nobody is there to listen. I’m on my own.
	“You’re not on your own,” says a familiar voice.
	I know that voice like it is a part of my own soul. It belongs to Brian. I feel him take my hand and I just know all is right in my tragic world again. The man I love is here to save me and take me away from this nightmare. Even the sight of The Glass Palace collapsing in hellish flames, somehow reflected in Brian’s eyes, doesn’t faze me, not now he is here.
	“Untie me,” I ask him.
	“You don’t feel any pain,” says Brian. “You become something better.  You get to serve the gods!”
	Brian looks the same as ever. In appearance he hasn’t changed a bit. He’s not the Brian I knew anymore, though, is he? He’s been repurposed as Brother China now. My first love, the man who I had pinned all my hopes on, is gone forever. 
	“Breathe slowly and let it happen,” says Brian. Standing next to him are Brother Willow, Sister Artemis and Brother Pine, all members of my family who have been taken and erased forever. Brother Pine, my brother Dylan, may have somehow shaken off the repurposing, but he is still dead, still gone from my life.
I struggle some more as the people who were once my family start chanting, willing the personality of Ben Casper to die. The repurposing device, all needles and blinking lights, lightly brushes against my hair. As it starts drilling into my head I wake up, screaming.
	I look up in the dark to find Skye sitting on my bed, looking down at me. She smiles and gives me a kiss on the cheek.
	“You’ll be okay,” she says. “You have me now.”
	“I couldn’t save them,” I whimper. “Not any of them.”
	“It wasn’t your fault,” says Skye.  
	I can hear the teacup pig snuffling around the edge of the bed, and with a leap he’s on top of the covers. I smile as he tries to get into bed with me. I let him. The small creature is warm and I need something, anything, to comfort me right now, even if it is a smelly little pig.
	
	When morning arrives, and Connor leaves to do work on the farm, I’m still wide-awake. The pig is curled up in bed with me, fast asleep, and Skye is flopped out on the covers too, also in a deep slumber. I haven’t slept a wink since the nightmare. All I see when I close my eyes is the still earth of my father’s grave. Violence and misery surround me. I should be anxious to get going. We have all we need to start our journey to London. With the crusade beginning, the world just seems to be on the brink of another disaster. Even if I do kill the gods, the Order will still be around in their thousands and the seasons will still be twisted. So what’s the point? Is revenge all I have?
	“You dribble in your sleep,” Skye states, yawning.
	“I haven’t been to sleep,” I tell her.
	“You have,” she says.  “You probably just don’t remember.”
	I get up, wash my face, and dress, thinking it over. Revenge has been a good enough reason so far to kill the gods. They did murder my family, after all. I’ve told myself over and over that the gods need to pay for what they’ve done. Yet now, with so much else going on, and with Connor’s drunken remarks yesterday, I’m unsure.
	Skye is about to cut into some bread for our breakfast when she looks at me. I’m staring at her, willing her to say something.
	“What is it?” she asks.
	“Nothing,” I lie.  
	“You really are weird,” she says.
	I decide there and then that revenge has to be enough. It’s fuelled me this past week and it will keep me going for the rest of our journey. Whatever happens with everything else has to save for later.
	The two of us sit at the table, pulling pieces from bread rolls. I’m musing on the journey ahead and I suspect Skye is too. We don’t talk. Now is a time for thinking.
	“I thought for a while that if the gods died, then the Order of Power would die too.” I sigh, feeling naive. “That won’t happen, will it?”
	She just shakes her head sadly, and we continue to eat, and we continue to think.
	Skye suddenly stands bolt upright.
	“What is it?” I ask, frightened. “What’s wrong?”
	“Rotter says something has upset Connor,” Skye mumbles as she heads for the door.  “We have to go and see what’s wrong!”
	“How do you know what...?” But she’s already out the door, Albatross trotting behind her in an effort to keep up.
	I just don’t understand Skye. I never have and I never will.

	Outside I get a shock; the snow is thawing. The icicles that creep down from the porch roof are dripping water and the tiny pond by the side of the house no longer has an ice coating on it. Even the air feels less crisp and chilly than it did last night.  Perhaps summer has finally decided to make its presence felt.  
	“The snow’s melting!” I exclaim.
	“Rotter isn’t here,” says Skye, panic clear on her face.  “Where is he?”
	“You seemed to know where he was...”
	“He says he’s up the hill,” shouts Skye, stalking off.  “Follow me!”
	I sigh and tag along behind Skye and Albatross as they scamper up the hill, being careful not to slip on the icy grass. We have better things to do than go on a wild goose chase, but Skye seems to be generally upset.
	What was upsetting Rotter becomes readily apparent when we reach Connor. He’s standing with his back to us, utterly still. There is no reason to ask him what’s unnerved him and the parrot so.
	My father’s grave is empty.
	I fall forward, my head spinning, the world a daze. My mouth is full of dirt and I spit it out, smelling fresh earth and dried blood. I can feel Connor pulling me back to my feet but I don’t really register him. My father, Brother Willow, has come back to life once again. I might have to kill him again, and the next time might break me.
	“Maybe some animal dug him up,” Skye suggests as Rotter lands on her arm. She strokes him to calm him down.
	I look down at the grave. I feel sick.
	“Someone dug their way out of there,” I say.  
	Connor is looking at something in the melting snow that carpets the hill. Skye and I look too and find footprints heading away from the grave. The three of us, plus animal entourage, follow the footprints as they meander and wave back towards the cave in the mountain: the entrance I came out of when I escaped the Order’s underground base.
	“Why has he gone back there?” I wonder. “Surely he would have gone down to the village and met up with the Brothers and Sisters there?”
	“Perhaps he was disoriented?” Connor suggests.  “He was dead and buried after all.”
	“Well, he was confused the last time he died,” I say. I remember the jolt I had upon seeing him again after I’d killed him the first time. I don’t think I can take much more of this. “This is bad. We have to go in there and see if we can stop him. If he gets back through the mineshaft he’ll tell the Order where we are.”
	“Or lead the Order through the mineshaft so they can kill us,” says Skye.
	I look at Connor and make a snap decision. “You have to come with us to London.”
	“I can’t leave here,” Connor protests. “This is my home.”
	“They’ll find out you helped me and they’ll repurpose you!” I yell at him.  “I can’t see that happen to you as well.”
And then the ground trembles. I have sudden flashbacks of when the gods destroyed The Glass Palace. Rotter starts screeching like the world is ending. Perhaps it is.
	“Rotter says he saw something in the sky!” Skye yells.
	“It’s the gods,” I tell her, petrified.  “I’m certain.”
	The three of us look up. The skies are still dark and heavy, despite the fact that summer is almost upon us. That’s when we see it, a quick glimpse as two clouds pass by each other, revealing the blue sky and beyond.
	There is a large crack running along the surface of the moon. It reminds me of a hairline fracture on a piece of glass. How massive must the crack be for us to able to see it clearly from all the way down here?
	“What does it mean?” Skye asks, clutching my arm.
	I don’t know. I’m too terrified to answer her.

	
Chapter 2 – The Stuff of Nightmares

The three of us hurry back inside the cottage and bolt the door. Quite how this will help the situation we have no idea, but it helps to calm us, and the animals, down a bit. I don’t think the sight of the moon, cracked down the middle like a stone, will ever leave my mind. It’s the stuff of nightmares.
	I light a small fire in the hearth and start boiling water in a cauldron so we can make some nettle tea. We need calming down. The moon is broken! How will I ever be calm again?
	“Perhaps we were seeing things,” Skye suggests.
	“The moon was cracked,” I say. “It was as plain as day.”
	She grabs a struggling Albatross and sits down. She strokes him forcefully as she goes on, “I didn’t think the moon could be broken like that.  It’s not as if it’s easily breakable like a chair or a human bone or something like that, but in today’s world you never know what with the gods and...The gods did it.”
	“Why would the gods break the moon?” I wonder.
	“Why do the gods do anything?”
	She’s right. The Order of Power has a device disguised as a music box that can attract the gods to certain places. When Brother Willow used the device to make them come to The Glass Palace, the gods acted like they didn’t know what they were doing. Mixcoatl, or Tornado as I call him, had even told me he didn’t want to do this.  
	I go over to a cupboard in the corner of the cottage and open the door. Inside is the music box, an object that lures in gods like a siren. I know I should’ve smashed it to a million pieces ages ago but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I had a feeling that I might need it one day.
	“Brother Willow said there was another music box,” I tell Skye and Connor, who has been eerily silent so far. She already knew this, but with Skye you can never be sure whether she’s listening. “What if the Order of Power used it to force the gods to break the moon?”
	“Why would they do that?” Skye asks.
	“I don’t know,” I admit.
	Skye sighs.  “Let’s face it; we don’t know anything about anything.”
	We agree to not ask each other any more questions about the moon. It does us no good debating it. We could never know, or understand, the minds of either the gods or the Order of Power, so there’s no point even talking about it. It is a waste of our time, especially at the moment. We need to leave, quickly, before Brother Willow leads the Order right onto our doorstep.
	I notice there is a cabbage discarded on the floor. In fact there are a lot of half eaten things scattered around, almost as if somebody was on a wild binge and wasn’t sure quite what to eat. I see my backpack, ripped open, the contents strewn around. I run to it and find my rations for the journey ahead gone.
	“Somebody’s stolen our food!” I say, looking around, making sure nothing else is amiss.  
	Connor walks past me, hushing my words of protest. I decide to let him lead. If we have an intruder he can more than deal with it. He could probably take on a whole army single-handed, he is that big.
	There is a figure covered in filth kneeling down on the floor with its back to us. We watch as whoever it is shovels food into their mouth as if they are starving. They don’t even hear us, despite the fact that the floorboards creak and Albatross is making unholy squeaking noises.
	“Stop what you’re doing,” Connor demands.
	The figure turns back to us, half a chicken jerky in their mouth. Their face is covered in muck and blood, as are the rest of them; so much that in fact it looks as if they’d bathed in the stuff. Despite all this I recognize who it is immediately.
	The figure chews the rest of the jerky, swallows, and says, “Don’t look at me like you pity me. Don’t ever pity me.”
	It’s Brother Willow.
	Boiling fury seethes through me. I’ve killed this monster twice now and still he has the gall to stand there, talking in father’s voice, wearing father’s skin. His mere living presence is a torment. I want to kill him again.
	I take my knife out of the sheaf on my belt and advance towards him. He cowers away from me, like he is the victim and I am the monster.
	“Why are you scared of me?” I demand.
	“I’m not scared,” he says. “I’m cold and I’m dirty and I’ve lost a lot of blood.  I’m not scared; I’m cold and I’m ill.”
	“Ben killed you twice,” says Skye breathlessly. She tiptoes forward and prods him in the shoulder with her pinkie finger.  “Are you a god?”
	Brother Willow looks down at himself, pathetic and filthy and scrounging on the floor for scraps. He snorts with laughter and says, “A god is surely better than what I am.”
	“You’re both murderers, so I’d say it isn’t out of the realm of possibility that you’re a god,” I say fiercely.
	Brother Willow stands up and stares me straight in the face. I see he is trying to stand up to me, but in his current state he just looks old and used.
	“You killed me twice,” he states, smirking. “What does that make you?”
	“Not a very good killer if you’re still alive,” I answer back.
	His eyes darken and he says, “There’s the thing; I did die. You did kill me. You said you didn’t know why I came back to life when I confronted you in front of the cave, but you have to know. You have to have the answers.”
	“I don’t know a thing.”
	“You have to,” Brother Willow pleads. “I need to know what I am! How can I serve the gods when I don’t know what I am?”
	“You’re...a Brother for the Order,” I tell him. 
	Skye clutches my arm. She says, “I think we should tie him up.”
	Connor takes that moment to whack Brother Willow over the head with our heavy metal cauldron. The Brother goes down onto the floor with a thump, landing in his own discarded bits of food.
	“Get some rope from the storage shed,” Connor orders.
	Skye and I comply immediately.

	I look down at the dirt and blood encrusted man in the corner of the storage shed. He is still unconscious, now bound in thick, tough rope. Connor secures the last of the knots tightly and then turns to us with a smile.
	“That should hold him,” he says.
	I’m less pleased about Connor’s ability with knots than I am with his decision to keep him alive in the first place. I want Brother Willow dead, and I will keep killing him until he finally refuses to get up again, even if it takes me a thousand tries. If the process drives the Brother mad, like it seems to be doing, then so much better.
	“I’m scared,” says Skye.
	I nod, scared too. The open grave and the cracking moon and the appearance of Brother Willow have knocked us all for six, particularly Skye. All I see when I look at her is a frightened little girl hugging a pig like it is her mother. I could do with my mother myself now, to comfort me and say it’ll all be fine. 
	“What are we going to do with him?” I ask as we exit the shed and Connor locks the door.
	“We’ll keep him in there until the two of you leave.” Connor slips the key into his pocket. “Then I’ll take care of it.”
	I take Connor’s words to mean he’ll kill him.
	“What if he comes back to life again?” I demand.
	“Then I take care of it again,” says Connor.
	“Connor, stop!” I shout. He turns to me, angry. I’ve never seen him angry before. On this mountain of a man it’s quite intimidating.
	“We have to do something permanent,” I tell him. “I don’t know why it’s happening but I have this horrible feeling that he can’t die. It could be something the Order of Power did to him without his knowledge or...or something else.  All I know is we have to do something to stop him from ever leaving that shed.”
	Connor studies me for a moment, probably weighing me up. I stare him right back, not flinching. I’ve looked a god in the eye. I can take on a human, even if he is really tall and intimidating.
	“What do you suggest we do?” Connor asks.
	I’m about to speak when I realize that I have nothing to say. If a man truly cannot die, then how do you make sure he can’t get in the way? Keep him locked up forever? Chop him into tiny pieces and scatter him around the world? I don’t fancy taking an axe to Brother Willow and dismembering him.
	“I don’t know,” I confess.
	“We’ll think on it,” Skye puts in. “We need to go into the village and get more supplies, anyway. Your father ate everything we had, and then puked most of it back up again because he’d eaten so much.”
	“He’s not my father,” I tell her, stalking back to the house.

	When Connor leaves to go back to Fowl I can’t help but feel a little useless. It should be me going into the village, not him. The Order will be suspicious of him now. They’ll want to know how he went through so much food so quickly. I’m not sure if Connor can lie convincingly or not. I just wish I’d tested him on it before he left. I don’t want him to be executed or repurposed on my account. It’s not that I don’t trust Connor’s ability to look after himself, it’s just that I don’t trust the Order not to be suspicious.
	I watch the door, willing Skye to come in and talk to me, when I hear something. It’s like a whisper, rattling around in the wind.
	“Is someone there?”
	I look around me, but there is nobody there.
“Who are you?” I whisper, feeling foolish.
“I...think my name is James. It’s been so long since I last used it or anybody called me that name.”
It’s then I realize the voice is inside my head. The voice is scared, timid, but somehow hopeful.
“Yes. My name is James. You can call me James.”
	Are you in my head, James?
	“I think so. I’m thinking at you from so far away I thought it wouldn’t work, but it seems to be. Your voice is a little crackly, though.”
	I don’t understand what’s going on. What are you?
	“I don’t know. I’m just...me. Who are you? Why can I talk to you all of a sudden?”
	My name is Ben.
“I’ve been so lonely.”
	I suppose I have too. I have all these companions now, but I don’t feel close to any of them, not even Skye. Not as close as we used to be, anyway.
	“I don’t have anyone. I have two brothers, but they hate me. I hate them.”
	My brother died recently.
	“I wish my brothers would die. They’re cruel. One of them makes me do horrific things.”
	Where are you?
	“It’s dark. It’s like a nest.”
	What about your brothers? Are you safe?
“My other brother sleeps. The brother that makes me do things is ill. He put a lot of energy into something he was working on, and it gave me the chance to seek someone out. I found you. I’m glad.”
	I’m glad too I suppose.
	“Will you be my friend?”
	I guess I already am.
	“I’ll talk to you later. I can feel my bad brother stirring. Goodbye!”
	The voice fades like it’s being pulled far away, and then it’s gone.  I still don’t know who this James is, and I’m not sure why I feel so connected to him, but my heart-to-heart with him makes me feel a little better.
	When Skye enters I’m ready to talk. “I’m sorry I snapped back there. Sometimes...I forget he isn’t my father.”
	“Is Brian like that now, all cold and...un-Brian?” Skye asks. She turns to me with such pleading in her eyes that I consider lying. I could tell her that Brother China is just like her older brother in every way, but I don’t want to give her false hope.
	“He didn’t even recognize me.” I want to cry, thinking about the love I’d felt for Brian, but I don’t want to Skye to see me like that. “The worst part was Lottie.  You know what she’s like; a force of nature, a thirty-year-old woman in a young girl’s body. It was like seeing her possessed by ice itself.”
	Skye feels her stomach. “You said she was pregnant. I would’ve loved being an auntie. I’d have spoiled the baby rotten and let her ride on Albatross when she was little and I’d teach him how to...Did you love Brian?”
	A tear rolls down my cheek. I don’t feel embarrassed. I just become overwhelmed by memories of Brian. The first time I saw him after coming back from my journey and realizing how much I was attracted to him; our lessons in archery; when I kissed him. It may have all turned sour, and he may have hated me for some of the things I later did, but I would never forget how much I loved him. The fact he could never love me back never entered into it. I was in love, and for a time it made my world spin, and my heart leap, and I felt glorious. Now whenever I think of Brian I feel like I’m falling deeper and deeper into a bottomless pit. He’s gone and there’s nothing I can do about it.
	Skye gives me a hug. Her tears, for her brother and for her family, soak my collar, but I don’t mind.
	She pulls back, wipes the tears away, and smiles. “Now that we’re sharing secrets and we’re all the family either of us has in the world, I think it’s about time that you knew my darkest, most personal secret.”
	I’m not sure what she’s going to say. I know she doesn’t tell me everything. The children of our House have to go through a rites of passage we call a Journey. When you reach the age of fourteen you must go out into the world and basically fend for yourself until you feel you’ve learnt all you can. Then you come back home, marry and get a job that helps the House to function. Skye had told me that she’d been captured by cannibals while on her Journey. I’m sure a lot more happened to her on her Journey, and I do often wonder how she ended up her with Connor, but I haven’t pressed the issue. I hope she will tell me in her own time.
	“Go on,” I prompt her.
	She grimaces and picks up Albatross. The tiny little pig adores his mistress, and soon curls up in her arms and smiles contentedly.
	“The thing is...” Skye looks like she is about to make a run for it but she seems to steel herself. “Well...it all started when I was five. I may have been four. No, I was definitely five! I can remember I was five because my Dads made me this horrible cake with five droopy looking candles on top of it and I cried because the candles looked like fingers and...We had this cat then. We ate him a few years later and I’m still angry at that but...The cat, Pineapple, he was sitting on the end of my bed licking up cake crumbs that I’d left everywhere and I was thinking that it’d be really great to have a long cat tongue and I heard this voice in my mind that said `Me like long tongue`. I was confused at first, and then Pineapple left to chase a rat and that was that. I went to sleep and thought no more about it.”
	I start to wonder where this story is leading but then some facts start to link together in my mind. The clues start to fit into some sort of pattern and I suddenly realize what she’s about to say.
	Skye continues, “Over the next few weeks I started to hear the voice in my head a lot. It moans about how the rats always seem to escape and it wishes more humans would feed it and...well, other weird things. It then dawns on me that it’s Pineapple talking to me.  He looks up at me, twitches his whiskers, and says in my head `nose red. ` I touch my nose and realize it’s bleeding. Pineapple told me my nose was bleeding.
	“From then on we talked all the time. I even talked to the other cats as well, though they weren’t nearly as interesting as my Pineapple. Then I started talking to other animals, in secret, of course. My Dads would never believe me. I take in one of the rats as a pet. Do you remember her?”
	I grin, remembering the rat. She was called Corkscrew. We used to make mazes out of books and get her to run through it. She would always do it in quick time too.
	“One day I was trying to paint Corkscrew’s fur with some pink paint Dad had found when Pineapple pounced on her. I told Pineapple to stop but he wouldn’t listen, so I thought it instead. He stopped, just like that, his eyes staring up at me.”
	“Are you telling me you can control animals?” I ask. I hadn’t guessed this part.
	“I can do more than that. Here, watch this.”
	Her eyes suddenly go white, as if the irises were simply wiped out. I prod her in the shoulder but there isn’t a reaction. It’s like she’s not even in her body anymore. What is she doing?
	Albatross turns to look at me. He squeals.
	“What’s going on?” I enquire. The pig continues to squeal at me, almost as if he’s trying to tell me something.
	Then I get it. “You can...possess animals?”
	The pig nods.
	“You’re kidding.”
	Albatross squeals again.
	Over the next half an hour Skye goes through her life as an animal reader (apparently that’s what Brian had called it when she’d told him). She can mentally communicate with animals and she can possess them for short periods of time, usually up to twenty minutes. If she tries any longer than that she suffers nose bleeds. Brian thought using her gift too much might actually kill her but she isn’t worried. Skye is adamant she can handle her gift.
	It also transpires that she possessed Rotter the parrot when leading me out through the mineshaft. Skye was in the village of Fowl at the time when I was brought into the aboveground entrance to the Order of Power’s HQ, and she vowed to rescue me.  Using a combination of mind reading and possession, she had found the crack, from which the bird escaped and waited patiently for a chance to find me. I’m lucky Dylan had found the crack too, otherwise I might be a Brother by now.
	Today has certainly been a day for revelations. Unlike Brother Willow’s resurrection and the cracked moon, this isn’t something bad. It’s strange, certainly, but not bad. I just feel honored that she’s finally gotten up the courage to tell me.  I only wish she would tell me her other secrets.  
	“Why did you tell me now?” I wonder. “You could’ve kept it a secret.”
	“You’re all I have left,” she confesses. “I wanted you to know. I know I should’ve told you before but I was scared.”
	“I’m glad you finally told me.”
	“You’re not angry that I never said anything before?”
	I want to tell her that I’m a little hurt. Instead I say, “You were scared. I can understand that.”
	Skye smiles nervously. “So you don’t think I’m a freak?”
	“You’re my best friend in the whole world. Of course I think you’re a freak. But I love you anyway.”
	We hug, and inwardly I can’t believe I’m actually feeling the tiniest bit happy.

	As we wait for Connor to return, the two of us repack our things. I’m sure we have everything we require, but I can’t help but worry that we won’t have the very thing we need when we desperately need it. Quite what that thing is I have no idea. I just know that we need to be prepared for every eventuality. 
	I catch Skye being sick into a bucket. Her face is pale and there is vomit around her mouth. She probably ate one of the strange looking mushrooms that grow back behind the house. I’d told her not to touch them, that they looked poisonous, but she never listens to me.
	“Are you all right?” I ask her.
	“I’m probably just nervous, I guess,” she says. “We are going on a very long journey, after all!”
	I hope she isn’t too ill to go. Maybe she’s possessed her animals too much and the strain is finally getting to her? What if she isn’t up to such a stressful journey all the way down to London? I know I have to go on this quest, but Skye could easily stay behind with Connor. I can do this on my own, I know I can. But do I want to do this on my own?
	I feel selfish when I don’t say anything else to Skye. The truth is I can’t do this by myself. I need her to keep me steady. I need my friend to support me. 
	
	There, I think. I’m all packed, once again. I have nothing to my name but a tent, a map, some rope, a bowl and a spoon. Anything personal I had is probably ash in the smoking ruins of The Glass Palace. I expect my former home is still smoldering away now, months later, as a reminder not to cross the Order of Power.
	I go to the cupboard and take out my father’s music box. This object of immense power has to go with me wherever I go. The only person I trust to handle it is myself. I think I know what I’m going to do with it now.
	“That thing killed all our family,” says Skye behind me. “It called down the gods and they destroyed everything!”
	“I know that,” I answer her. “But we might need it.”
	“I don’t know about you but I’m not sure I want to summon a god except to...to kill one.” Skye walks in front of me, her face animated and excited. “That’s it, isnt it?  When we get the God Cannon you’re going to use the music box to call them, and then...”
	“I’m going to kill them,” I finish for her. “Just like we planned.”
	I tuck the music box safely into my backpack. Nothing more needs to be said on the subject; not until we need to use it, anyway.


Chapter 3 – Infiltrating the Village

	I start to become restless waiting for Connor to return. I pace back and forth, and Skye cleans, and the animals sense our anxiety and pace too. I want to leave as soon as possible before anything else can happen. We’ve been here too long as it is. It’s becoming too dangerous to stay.
	I’m about to suggest to Skye that maybe we should just leave and scavenge food on the way when we hear some sort of horn sound. It’s loud enough to startle Rotter, who ruffles his feathers and flies through the open window in a huff. I look at Skye and run for the door. I open it a fraction and peek out, but I can’t see anything.
	“What was it?” she whispers in my ear.
	“I’m not sure,” I tell her. But I am curious. Perhaps investigating the source of the horn will keep me from becoming too restless?
	I walk slowly, stealthily, from the house. Skye follows me, as quiet as I’ve ever heard her. It reminds of the time the two of us followed father at The Glass Palace when he went for his secret meeting with Harold Oldman, the man who’d provided Uncle Rooster with the location of the God Cannon. If only things were as simple as they were back then.
	We pass the shed, where Brother Willow seems to be keeping silent. We skim around a long row of bushes, which are high enough so we don’t have to duck. When we reach the edge of the small plateau, which leads onto a small dirt road that goes further down the hill and bisects what was once a main road made from tarmac, an alarming sight greets us. Trundling along the road, still quite intact after centuries of non-maintenance, is a giant metal vehicle shaped like a box with some sort of long, tube like protuberance poking menacingly out of its front. Following along behind it like baby ducklings are four more of these vehicles, as well as three long red vehicles I know to be buses. Inside the buses I can see pale faces peering out like ghosts, eyes taking in the scenery.
	“What are those things?” Skye whispers.
	“Those are buses,” I tell her, pointing to the vehicles carrying the people. “There was one in the river next to The Glass Palace.”
	Skye laughs. “So that’s what it was. I just thought it was some red rock growing out of the ground into the water.”
	She points to the other more deadly looking vehicles. “What are those?”
	“I wish I knew,” I answer.
	I see something on the side of the box-like vehicles. I look carefully at the buses and see it is on there as well. It is the same symbol that is tattooed on Brother Willow’s head and all his Brothers and Sisters; the mark of the Order of Power.  
	“The reinforcements are here,” Skye screams. I latch my hand over her mouth to stop any further outbursts.
	We continue to watch, spellbound, as the line of vehicles snakes its way towards a clearing at the side of the village of Fowl. With a lot of maneuvering and the odd near crash or two, the multitudes of transports park themselves in a neat row. 
	“We have to warn Connor,” Skye whispers.
	“They’ll see us,” I whisper back. I consider for a moment. Connor took us in even at great danger to himself. We owe him. “Fine. We’ll go into the village and try and get to Connor.”
	We are about to move again when some sort of hatch opens up on one of the giant box vehicles, followed by the other two. A Brother pokes his head out and gives a mighty whistle. This is obviously some sort of signal, as the collected Brothers and Sisters in the buses begin disembarking from their transports and, in single file, start to walk towards the village. There are at least a hundred of them all together.
	“Why do they need so many?” I ask Skye.
	“They have something on their backs,” she points out.
	I look closer and see she is right. Each Brother and Sister seems to have some sort of pack clinging to his or her back like a parasite. It’s black and bulky like a beetle and seems to be made of metal. I have no idea what they could be, but they scare me. The Order of Power never does anything benign.
	We watch for a bit longer as the other box vehicles open up. Three or four Brothers, no Sisters, emerge from each one. They all have the metal backpacks as well.
	“Come on,” I whisper to Skye. “We need to sneak into the village and try to be as inconspicuous as possible. That means no animals.”
	I look around. Albatross is nowhere to be seen, and neither is Rotter the parrot. Skye goes everywhere with that pig, carting the poor thing around like a comfort blanket.
	“Where’s Albatross?” I ask.
	Skye’s eyes widen with panic. “I can’t hear him in my head.”
	“He has to be somewhere,” I tell her. “Just concentrate or whatever it is you do.”
	I watch Skye scrunch her face up. It makes her look like a pig herself, but I can’t mock her. She has an enviable ability. No matter where it comes from, she is still remarkable.
	She breathes out and says, “He’s gone back inside the house. He’s never been this frightened before.”
	“Will he be alright on his own?” I ask.
	She shrugs her shoulders. She is clearly concerned for the safety of her friend, and if I take her with me right now she will be a liability. So I tell her to stay with the animals and let me go and find Connor.  
	“Are you sure?” she says hesitantly.
	I don’t give her time to change her mind. I pat her shoulder, smile, and make my way carefully down the hill.

	Getting to the village is easy. Fowl rests in a sort of large depression in the hills, and it is surrounded by large, thick trees and cliffs and rock falls. I just make my way from one hiding spot to another until I make it to the edge of the village, which features a large stable next to a much bigger building. I look inside and see two skinny white horses, pacing around like they’re waiting for death. Their large eyes pierce me with desperate hunger. If these horses were owned by The Glass Palace, we would’ve eaten them ages ago.
	I walk up to one, wary of being seen, and give it a pat on the head. It neighs pathetically and I feel sorry for it. I wish I could give it something to eat but I haven’t got anything.
	A voice outside the stable reminds me I’m in enemy territory. I hide behind a withered, rotting pile of hay. I can smell damp and I can hear things scurrying behind me, but I don’t mind. It couldn’t be as bad as seeing people you love burned to death.
	“Stay in here and don’t come out until they’ve gone,” a man’s voice is saying.
	“But father, they said they wouldn’t...”
	The child’s voice is cut off with a harsh slap. “Don’t ignore me, girl!  I’ll bring you some food when I can, but just do as you’re told!”
	I hear crying and sniveling, and footsteps walking away. I have this overwhelming urge to go out there and comfort the child, but I don’t want anyone to see me. These people live with the Order of Power. I can’t trust them, not like I do Connor.
	The crying continues, and I’m starting to become impatient when I feel something tap against my shoulder. At first I assume it to be one of the horses seeking comfort.
	“Who are you?” the child asks.
	I look up into the face of a girl. She looks to be about my age, with dirty, matted blonde hair and a nose encrusted with dried snot. Her eyes are wide open with fear and she seems to be clutching some sort of stuffed animal. In the House of Casper she’d be classed as an adult by now. She’d have a job, be married, maybe even pregnant, but all I see is someone who’s so much a child. I realize now that the way the Houses do things is a lot better for preparing you for the world, even if it means taking away your childhood.
	I don’t know what to say. She won’t give me away, will she? Then again can I really take that risk?
	“Don’t worry,” she says, kneeling down on the floor with me behind the bale of hay. “I won’t tell anyone you’re here.  My name’s Aimee.”
	I still don’t say anything. I don’t trust her.
	“Are you hiding from the Order of Power as well?” she asks.
	I nod.
	“They’ve started rounding everyone up and taking them into the village hall for some meeting,” Aimee explains. Her lower lip quivers, belying the confidence in her voice. “My father was taking me out hunting for rabbits when we came back. My brothers and sisters are already at the meeting.”
	“What’s the meeting about?” I ask, breaking my silence.
Aimee glances at the dagger tucked into my belt and says, "I don't know what it's about, but father thinks they plan to repurpose us."
	I consider telling her about the crusade but decide she's upset enough. The reinforcements are here, and the villagers are being forcefully rounded up. It can only mean one thing, and it isn't some sort of cozy village meeting.
	"Do you know Connor, the blacksmith?” I ask her.
	"Yes. I saw him being taken into the town hall too," she says sadly. "I liked him.  He always used to give me piggyback rides when I was younger."
	Damn it. There's no way I can get to Connor when he's surrounded by so many people as well as Brothers and Sisters. I can't just leave him either. So what do I do? Do I run now and take Aimee with me, or try to sneak Connor out of the town hall before they can repurpose him?
	"Is there another way to get into the town hall without being seen?" I ask her.
	She considers for a moment before saying, "There's a back entrance we use on harvest day to bring in the wheat babies for the sacrifice."
	I do hope the babies are made of wheat and not…well, best not to think about it.
	"You stay here," I tell her. "I'm going to get Connor."
	"What about my family?" Aimee squeals.
	I hesitate. There is no way I can sneak that many people out and get away with it. We'd be caught for sure. Yet I have to give her hope. I may only have known her for five minutes but she deserves that much.
	I put my hand on her shoulder and say, "I'll get them out for you."
	"You promise?" she says.
	The lie begins to stick in my throat like a thorn, but I say, "I promise."
	"My father's got a white beard and a scar on his forehead," says Aimee. "You can't possibly miss him."
	"I won't," I mumble. Aimee's face lights up with joy and, to my surprise, she hugs me. I feel nothing but shame for myself. I should be strung up for lying to her like this. Yet as I creep out of the stable, hearing the starving horses whinny behind me, I vow to at least try to save Aimee's family.

Fowl is a village of ghosts. I peer in through windows as I pass them, and peek into shops, and find there is not one soul around. All the villagers are in the town hall, but where are the Brothers and Sisters that arrived in the buses? Where have they gone? The aboveground headquarters are still smoldering away so they can't have gone underground. Come to think of it, where are the Brothers and Sisters that were busy repairing it?
	I find my answer almost immediately. Behind the toppled headquarters lies a field, and in that field are lines and lines of black tents. There are several campfires dotted here and there, with grim faced Brothers and Sisters sitting by them.  They're talking, eating. None of them so much as even attempts a smile. It’s like they’re already dead.
Several of them are reading quite neat looking paper books. The packs they all wore earlier aren't on their backs anymore. I presume they've left them in the tents.
I make my way to the town hall. My mind tells me that this is too easy, but everyone here seems to be far more interested in other things than worrying about security. That's good for me but bad for whatever the villagers have been rounded up for.
The back door of the town hall is unlocked. I open it quietly and enter, closing it just as quietly. I don't want my plan to be ruined because of cranky door hinges.
I'm in some sort of kitchen area. All the cupboard doors are open and empty. There is a large ceramic pot that seems to be filled with milk. I give it a sniff and smile. I haven't had milk in a while. I stick my little finger in and I'm about to have a taste when I hear screaming.
I head for the inside door, which is half open. I peer through and see the hall where all the villagers are being kept. They're on one side of the large room, terrified, and on the other stands the Order of Power, smug with dominance. A Brother and Sister are dragging a young girl of about my age forward. She screams and tries to pull herself away but the grips on her arms are too strong.
	"What are you going to do with her?" a man, probably her father, demands.
	A senior looking Brother steps forward. He has one of those packs on his back and severe looking frown lines across his forehead. He walks up to the struggling girl and smiles serenely down at her.
	"Do you worship the gods?" he asks the girl.
	The girl looks to her father and he nods.
	"Yes," says the girl. I can tell she's trying to be brave but her bottom lip trembles. "I worship the gods."
	The Brother says, "Would you do anything for the gods?"
	"Yes," says the girl. "Yes I would, Brother Forest."
	The Brother nods sagely. It's then that I notice that on his left hand he wears some sort of black glove. There is a small wire attached to the glove that snakes around his arm and links to the pack on his back. He reaches forward with his gloved hand and places it against the girl's face tenderly. She starts to cry; not with terror but with happiness that she's been spared. I want to scream and tell her everything is not going to be okay, that she's being lulled into a trap.
	That's when it happens. A visible charge screams down the wire, through the glove and into the girl's body. She spasms with the shock and lets out a silent scream of agony as her entire body glows a furious orange. Her father runs to help her but a Sister I didn’t notice before has her own black-gloved hand on his neck before he can even blink.
	The other villagers and myself can only watch in horror as father and daughter fall to the floor, seemingly dead after their ordeal. Brother Forest kneels down beside the girl and feels her pulse.
	"She survives," he announces.
	Then the girl's eyes flicker open. She slowly gets to her feet, slightly wobbly like a newborn kitten. She looks at Brother Forest, then at the other Brothers and Sisters, and with what looks to be great difficulty, she smiles.
	"Where am I?" the girl asks.
	The Sister feels the pulse of the girl's father but shakes her head. 
	"Where you are is unimportant," says Brother Forest. "What you are is paramount; you are a Sister of the Order of Power now."
	That's not possible, I think. The Order of Power hasn’t got the technology to do such a thing. Brother Willow had said they had but it had been a lie just to torment me…yet here the evidence is that he wasn't lying. This is monstrous.
	"Go outside through that door there and a Sister will be waiting to take you to a tent and to give you a name," Brother Forest explains.
	The new Sister nods her head and walks to the main doors of the village hall. She gives one last look back, eyes overlooking the corpse of her father crumpled on the floor, and leaves.
	There are twenty or so Brothers and Sisters in the village hall. Each of them has a pack and each of them is wearing a black glove. As they advance towards the cowering villagers there is a communal scream of terror.
	I hear a voice scream no.  The village hall turns deadly quiet and for a vast second I wonder which idiot has had the nerve to defy the Order of Power.
	They're all looking at me.
Turn the page for the first chapter from “Fire”, the first book in the children’s fantasy series “The Book of Fire.”
Fire - Chapter 1 – Sea Tooth

Imagine a world ruled over by a single massive landmass.  Continental drift, earthquakes, and volcano eruptions may have tried to prize the great chunks apart, but they were held back by forces more powerful than Mother Nature herself---magic forces.  Quite why the land was held together nobody was sure, only that it must have been a spell that no one person had ever attempted since for fear of the repercussions.  The people of the planet Earth lived on one gigantic continent, which they called Pangaea, and that was all that mattered; blissful ignorance.
Of course there were exceptions.  Four thousand years ago the many warring tribes of the Elven race had banded together to break off a huge portion of land and drag it far away from Pangaea.  They were evolving technologically and intellectually faster than the other races, and wanted to be as far away from their influence as possible.  It took a total of two million Elves to move the land, pushing and heaving with their combined magical powers, and the process was so exhausting three quarters of them died.  Yet they deemed the mass continental migration worth the price.  They were isolated now, with only themselves to worry about.
So the humans developed much like they did on other alternative Earths.  They built the pyramids, went through an industrial revolution and invented reality television.  What with being one nation they had one religion, that of the Sun Goddess Rafreya.  99 per-cent of the population were born with the ability to perform magic.  They were more commonly known as enchanters.  Televisions, microwaves and satellites were powered by magic, not by batteries and electricity.  Their most famous celebrities are the Elven royal family and a talentless magician who went on “Magic Idol”, and now is making millions from writing books about how wonderful he is.  
In a county roughly where England should be, there was a city called Magefield.  It was a city surrounded by green valleys, carpeted with gothic buildings, and smothered with dark storm clouds for most of the year.  Yet it was a hub for magic.  It had the most respected magic university in the whole of Pangaea and it was where the Emperor of the continent made his residence.  It was a city of culture and class.
“I hate this town,” Cressida Widdershins moaned.
“Traffic jams are always common in the city center,” said Mr. Widdershins.  “You just have to get used to them.  Besides, it’s a lovely day!  Just smell that crisp fresh air!”
She winded down the car window.  She sniffed up.  All she could smell was a faint trace of magically powered cars.  But even that had an aroma of its own, something unidentifiable but unmistakable.  Today she thought it was stronger than normal, maybe because of the large amount of traffic.  It was Snow Day, after all.
Snow Day was a holiday celebrated once a year at the height of winter to commemorate the day, fourteen thousand years ago, when the ice serpent, Frostma, froze the world.  Colossal glaciers of ice consumed half the planet, killing trees, plants, and many forms of life in the process.  Some things were made extinct forever; others used magic to save their lives.  In the end, Frostma could only be banished to another dimension; she was so powerful.  So they celebrated her defeat, ever mindful of what she’d wrought and could again.
Cressida was eleven years old, a normal magic-free human, or the “misbegotten one per-cent” as more cruel enchanters mockingly referred them to.  She had conspicuous white hair done up in a ponytail and silver eyes like small balls of mercury.  Today she had on her favorite blue skirt, the kind she wore only when she went to the temple of Rafreya on Snow Day.  She enjoyed Snow Day.  The temple was a hub of activity; children playing games; enchanters creating images of Frostma that writhed around in the sky; tables of food, including her favorite, iced blue buns; and songs.  She couldn’t sing.  Her singing voice was rusty and embarrassing but she joined in nevertheless because Snow Day was a day to rejoice in being alive; and she also got the day off from school.
Cressida would never describe herself as an academic.  She was an average student who didn’t really gel with any subject.  Her teachers would tell her that she could improve her grades if only she applied herself more, but the fact of the matter was that Cressida knew she wasn’t that smart.  Her mother was an applied magic teacher at her school and her father was an archaeologist who had written twenty books.  She was sure they were ashamed of her, but there was nothing she could do about it.  She found all of her school subjects difficult and extremely boring.  So this rare day off from school was something of a boon for her.  
“I read in one of my archaeology journals that they have a dragalodon at the Blueoak Museum,” said her father, Doctor Shanks Widdershins, the designated driver.  Ginger Widdershins was in the passenger seat, head hunched over a pile of papers.  Cressida was disappointed to see she was taking the time during the traffic jam to mark homework.
“What’s a dragalodon?” Cressida inquired.  She fiddled idly with the Sun symbol necklace she wore.  It was emblazoned with a stylish “R.”  It had been presented to her, like all the people of Pangaea, at her fifth birthday.  It represented her growth as a child and the love she had for the Goddess.
“It’s a prehistoric dragon,” he said.  “It seems mighty interesting.  Be sure to look at it tomorrow.”
Cressida was confused.  “Why would I be going to the museum tomorrow?”
“Oh!  I must have forgotten to tell you!”  He laughed, feeling absent minded.  “Miss Weber called while you were getting dressed.  The school’s closed tomorrow because they’re doing repairs to the roof of the magic building.  Some tiles got blown off during last night’s hurricane.”
“What hurricane?” she asked.  
“You slept through it.”
Cressida mused for a moment. This dragalodon did sound interesting.
“I can’t wait,” she said.
Her father grinned as gentle flakes of snow began to simmer from the sky.  He hoped this enthusiasm meant his daughter was finally interested in something.  He hated to see the way she just didn’t care about anything.  He knew she wasn’t a smart kid when it came to things like math or Pangaean, but he knew there was something out there she was good at.  Something that really made her think, “I love this.”  Maybe this dragalodon would lead to that something.

The next morning Cressida met her friend, Joe, in the school parking lot, which was buried in almost an inch of snow, to take them to the museum.  She was immensely excited.  This dragalodon was an unknown thing in her life, a mystery, so it was something she was looking forward to seeing.  A prehistoric sea dragon, she thought.  How thrilling!
She and Joe were best friends.  Unlike herself he could perform magic but wasn’t very good at it.  He had once turned his shaggy mop of curly brown hair into sludge, despite the fact he was actually reading about the history of magic in the dark ages at the time.  To say he was hopeless would be cruel, so Cressida teased him that he was hopeless as often as she could.  She didn’t mean it, of course; most of the time anyway.
Cressida rummaged in her backpack, finding the bag of jelly babes she’d hid there earlier.  She pulled the bag of sweets out and offered Joe one.  He loved jelly babes.  He’d made himself sick often enough gorging on them.  She had received a whole box full of them for Snow Day and had spent an hour last night sharing them all out into various bags, some to save for later, and some to eat now, some to give to Joe.  When the two of them set forth on an adventure, they would chew jelly babes as they trekked or waded or foraged.
“Do you have any blackcurrant flavors?” Joe asked.
Cressida looked through the packet.  “They’ve all gone.”
Joe sighed.  “Oh.  I think there might be a spell to change the flavor of something.  I’m sure I can remember it.”
He recited the spell to the best of his ability.  The jelly babe he had in his hands changed into a fly and exploded.
“I did it right!” Joe complained.
Cressida stifled a laugh.  “Of course you did.”
“What do you know about this dragalodon?” Joe asked.  He was eager to change the subject.  
“My father was very enthusiastic about it,” said Cressida. “I think it might be exciting.  At least it’s another day off school.”
Joe chewed a jelly babe thoughtfully.  “I’m not sure whether I like museums enough to be excited.  They’re a bit boring.”
“They don’t have to be boring.”
Joe agreed with her.  Cressida could conjure up excitement and adventure from the dullest of things.  He assumed today’s museum visit would be no exception.

The class filed through the tall, imposing museum doors with limited enthusiasm.  Cressida didn’t understand them.  They had a day off from school!  Why would that make them miserable?  Their teacher, Miss Weber, appeared genuinely hyper, almost tense.  Was taking a group of students out for the day that nerve-wracking?  
In spite of herself, Cressida was impressed.  The foyer of the museum reminded her of the Rafreya temple in the town center only on a much larger scale.  Engraved pillars of stone held up the ceiling, which appeared to stretch up into pure darkness, and all of the walls were hollowed out alcoves with exhibits inside.  The floors were made of marble, black and shiny, and displayed on a plinth in the entrance was a statue of Rafreya herself, resplendent in her flowing robes and hair that crept and twisted around her body.
“Welcome to my museum!” said Mr. Blueoak with fake enthusiasm.  He didn’t appear to enjoy welcoming them one bit.  Cressida had the very distinct feeling he’d much rather chuck them out and lock the doors.   “Enjoy everything this place has to offer.  Hopefully you will all learn many wonderful things today.  If I can help you with anything feel free to ask!”
He gave them a greasy look as if to say, “Feel free to ask but I’ll just ignore you.”  What with his shifty black eyes, pouting lips and pronounced Elf ears he gave them all quite the shivers.  Cressida knew a villain when she saw one, although that may have been down to his brown striped that looked like it’d just been unearthed in a Persian tomb.  She ignored him.  He wasn’t what she’d come to see.  
“This place smells weird,” Joe whispered in her ear.
“I think it’s Mr. Blueoak, not the museum,” she whispered back.  “There’s just something very shifty about him.”
Joe had already fixed his attention onto something else.  In a glass cabinet, just a short distance away, was the mummified remains of a canter-troll.  It had a piggy nose and was as small as a human toddler like all trolls but this one had horns; twisting, pointed horns.  It was quite possibly the ugliest thing Cressida had ever seen.
“It looks like the school guard,” said Joe, examining the small plaque under the exhibit.  It read ‘The Canter-troll is an extinct offshoot of the troll species.  A Canter-troll was the first to spot and record the progress of The Dragon Comet, which passes by our planet once every 11,000 years.”
“Oh yeah!” she said.  “Maybe they’re related.”
The museum owner had been talking while they’d been ogling the canter-troll.  He appeared to be talking about “forgetting there was a school trip today and it was a tad inconvenient but never mind.”  The place did appear to be deserted apart from Cressida’s class, who were all now getting a tad agitated.  Mr. Blueoak appeared to enjoy telling them all how wonderful his museum was instead of showing it to them.
“So then...any questions?” Mr. Blueoak inquired.  He looked at his watch, which hung from a chain clipped onto a buttonhole.  It was made of wood and the hands were moved by a simple magic spell.  It looked expensive.
“We’re really here to see the dragalodon,” said Miss Weber candidly, giving the man her best “annoyed teacher” look.  “It should be ever so fascinating.  I know my students and I are very looking forward to viewing it.”
“I knew there was something important I had to tell you!  I’m afraid the dragalodon exhibit is out of bounds today,” Mr. Blueoak explained.  “There was a...leak from a water pipe.  It will be open...maybe next week, probably never.”
Joe sulked.  “But we came to see the...”
“Next week,” Mr. Blueoak interrupted before stalking off.  He peered at them from around a corner, his reflection caught on the glass of a display case, merging his image with that of some ancient old creature.  Cressida stuck her tongue out at him and he walked away.
“Well then class it looks like we’ve been given the chance for a completely unobstructed tour of this museum!” Miss Weber declared enthusiastically.  “Perhaps we could sneak down into the basement where they keep the really interesting and fragile exhibits?”
Emily Swine asked, “What’s the point of putting all the good stuff in the basement?  Surely the point of a museum is to display things for people to actually see?”
Norman Baal dropped a 12,000-year-old Spiked Dragon cup on the floor.  It shattered.
“That’s why,” said Miss Weber.  She gently pulled a red faced Norman away from his expensive accident, whispering in his ear, “If anybody asks it was like that when we got here.”
Miss Weber began leading the group, single file, towards an archway with the banner “Magical Plankton.”  Cressida guessed what that was all about; fancy magical holograms of the first forms of life as they squiggled about doing nothing much for about ten minutes while a voiceover told you how fascinating it all was. 
“This is going to be a long day,” she moaned.

“There you can see the fossils of a Neanderthal Elf,” said Miss Weber, leading them past a pile of old bones in a glass display.  “That was before they gained their use of earth magic and went on to form the great Elverica.  Of course the Elves would have you believe they were never as primitive as this but, the proof is right here for us to see!”
Emily wrote down everything the teacher said on a small pink notebook in her hands.  She stared at the Neanderthal Elf as if it was the most mesmerizing thing she had ever seen.  Emily thought it was.  She hoped to become an Elf surgeon when she was older.  She even had an exiled Elf doctor as an occasional tutor.  She knew what she wanted and she would get it.  It’s a pity I have to be in the same class as those idiotic morons, Emily thought, glancing at Cressida and Joe.  Quite how they survive with half a brain cell between them I have no idea.
Cressida envied Emily; she had ambitions.  Cressida didn’t know what she wanted to be.  Did she want to be a teacher like her mother, an archaeologist like her father, or maybe something completely different?  I’m not even good at anything, she thought.  I can’t do magic.  I’m not athletic.  I can’t even spell athletic. 
“Elves have slightly larger brains than humans,” Emily suddenly blurted out.  “They use this extra part to perform magic, which is why their magical powers are more advanced than ours.”
“How fascinating,” said Cressida. “I always wanted to know that.”
Emily looked at her crossly.  “There’s no need to be sarcastic.”
“What’s so interesting back here?” Joe asked, trying to peek at Emily’s notes.  She hid them in her pocket and scurried on to catch up with the rest of the class.
“Nothing,” said Cressida.  “We were just having a nice chat.”
“You could at least pretend to be interested,” snapped Emily.  “We’ve been granted quite a rare privilege here.”
“Hmm,” said Cressida.
They continued along a lengthy stretch of corridor in the museum.  She wasn’t really that interested.  There were examples of early Elf pottery; a diorama of Cleopatra’s war with the Moon Giants; the corpse of Napoleon, preserved forever in amber.  Every moment in the history of her world was preserved and documented.  Cressida had a feeling she should find the whole building creepy.  With all the dead bodies stuffed, mummified, and frozen in magical spells, this place was more like a mausoleum than a museum.
“Time for lunch!” Miss Weber declared, taking out a flask of tea.  “Follow me to the canteen, children!  I do hope you’ve all brought something to eat.  I don’t think there is actually any staff here today.”
The class obediently followed their teacher; all except Cressida and Joe that is.  She wanted to see the dragalodon right now, no matter whether the exhibit was out of bounds.  So she hid behind a massive ice sculpture of a Moon Giant, held in its frozen state by a spell.  She waited for the class to walk out of sight, her breath coming out in mist she was so close to the ice.
“This disobedience of yours always gets us into trouble,” muttered Joe.  I knew this was going to happen, he thought.
“You want a quiet life?” she said, pulling her long-suffering friend after her.
The two of them dodged a doddery old cleaner with wild greasy red hair as they crept along corridor after corridor.  The museum was a maze, designed to keep you trapped inside its twisting lanes until you’d seen every last thing the place had to offer.  Joe started to become confused, his mind telling him they’d been away for too long and would get into trouble.  He didn’t want to get into trouble, not with his grades so low.
Cressida was prepared.  She knew the exact way to the dragalodon exhibit; she had downloaded a plan of the museum off the ether-web the night before.  She had memorized every twist and turn in the corridors.
They came to a corridor with a low ceiling.  Lining the sides of the huge archway were two marble pillars, looking like they’d been stripped straight from a Greek temple.  Cressida knocked on one of them; it was hollow.  They were made of plastic.
“This is it,” said Cressida, grinning.  Hung across the doorway was a long strip of yellow tape that said, “Police line – illegal crossing may result in a curse.”  She and Joe snuck under it and emerged the other side sans-curse.  
“How do we know if we’re cursed or not?” Joe wondered.
“Can you feel your arms and legs falling off?” she asked him.
“No,” he answered.  “But what if it’s a time delayed curse and...”
Cressida put her hand over Joe’s mouth to shut him up.  Not because she was sick of him wittering on, which she was, but because she thought she’d heard talking coming from further ahead in the corridor.  How unfortunate would it be if the work that Mr. Blueoak had been going on about was in the exact same place where they wanted to go?
“I think we better go,” she whispered.
She removed her hand just as Joe said, “Why?”
“I thought I heard talking,” she said.  “I...”
This time Joe’s hand shot out to cover her mouth.  He did it a tad too hard, almost knocking her onto the floor.  She thought she felt a tooth come lose but ignored it.  They could both hear something now.
“The eclipse is beginning,” they heard a voice saying.  “The museum may have a class in but if I don’t do this now then I’ll have to wait another fifty years.  If they dare to disturb me then I will deal with it.”
I didn’t know there was an eclipse today, Cressida thought.  I bet that’s something to see!
They waited for a minute until they were sure that whoever had been babbling on about eclipses had gone.  Cressida didn’t want to be caught out by the museum’s owner.  She’d never live the embarrassment down.
They reached a sign by a huge door on the left that said “Dragalodon Exhibit.”  In writing underneath the sign it read: “The dragalodon was a giant prehistoric sea dragon that probably lived about 3 million years ago.  It is considered to be the largest predatory sea creature to have ever lived.  (It is, however, eclipsed by the sheer size of the Sea Wyrm”).  Cressida felt elated, and was about to step inside the room when Joe pulled her back.  She turned to give him her cross look.
“It’s Mr. Blueoak,” he whispered.  “Look!”
They peered around the corner into the huge room.  Standing by the dragalodon bones, held together by a spell, was the museum’s owner.  He was wearing a silk black cloak now and he stood in a circle of burning candles.  In his hands was a huge leather bound book that he was reading from, chanting in a strange language that she recognized as ancient Elvish.  On his face were Elvish symbols painted on with what looked like blood.  A small knife covered in the same substance, discarded on the floor, proved her suspicion.  She felt quite sick and had to turn away.
“What’s he doing?” she whispered.
“Whatever it is it’s not good,” said Joe.
“I’d say it was some sort of sacrifice but I don’t see a...well, a victim.”
Cressida had seen through this man the very instant she had met him.  There had been something about him that just screamed out “I’m a villain!”  Though seeing him in the middle of some arcane act was something she had not prepared for.  They had to run and tell Miss Weber immediately.
“Come on, we have to go,” she whispered.
Joe couldn’t keep his eyes off the witch light that emanated from the candles.  It was eerie, mesmerizing.  He had never seen anything like it.  It reminded him of the fireworks on New Year’s Day and the strange energies emitted during a magic storm.  It was wonderful.  If only he could just reach out and touch it then maybe he could absorb those energies, keep them for himself, play with them, and augment his own pathetic magical abilities, then...
Cressida slapped him.  “The magic is hypnotizing you.  Move it.”
Joe shook his head.  “What happened?”
“You gave me an excuse to slap you,” she said.  “We have to...”
There was a flash of light, a clap of thunder.  Cressida and Joe were temporarily blinded.  When their vision came back, only a few seconds later, they both wished it hadn’t.  The dragalodon bones were glowing a bright sizzling orange, the color of the sun itself, like the bones were internally on fire.  Cressida gasped as flesh started to knit and form around the remains of the ancient creature.  As it slowly started to take shape before them Mr. Blueoak cackled evilly.
“He’s bringing it back to life,” said Cressida.  “We have to stop him.” 
“How do we do that?” Joe asked.  “We’re hardly commandoes.”
She looked at the candles, glowing hotly, and the book in his hands.  Maybe they could run and snatch away the book, or try to kick over the candles and snuff out their flames.  Maybe if they could break the circle of candles, that would halt the spell.  She just didn’t know.  She didn’t have any magic in her, so she didn’t attend magic classes at school.
Joe didn’t know what to do either.  He was magically inclined, a junior enchanter.  Magic poured through his veins like blood.  Yet he found himself to be quite useless when it came to casting the most basic of spells, and he always day dreamed when the teacher, Cressida’s mother, droned on about the subject.  He had absolutely no idea what to do.
“What if we just punch him?” Cressida suggested.  She liked that idea, even though she was not a fighter.  Joe, however, didn’t think he was strong enough to punch a cat.
Mr. Blueoak placed his precious book inside a leather satchel on the floor.  The candles that encircled him blew out from a wind that wasn’t there.  He began to rub the blood off of his face with the sleeve of his shirt.  He did all of this quite calmly, as if the sight of a dead animal coming back to life wasn’t really all that interesting.
To Cressida and Joe, this was something they would tell their grandchildren. They watched as the finishing touches were done to the aged, putrid hide of the 65 feet long prehistoric sea creature.  Its eyes appeared, spiraling into existence as if from nowhere, and then it was finished.  The dragalodon blinked a few times, looking utterly confused.  It was probably wondering where it was and why it was floating in the air and not swimming in the sea.  
Prehistoric creatures have small brains, she could hear Emily telling her.  They were very stupid, primitive creatures.  
“What shall I call you?” Mr. Blueoak mused.  He still had a smidgen of blood smeared on his nose.  “Hmm...”
The creature stirred, turning two baleful eyes upon the Elf that had summoned it.  It blinked again, and Mr. Blueoak began to chew his fingernails in fright.  Cressida was afraid too.  She wasn’t entirely sure what was going on, but she knew it was dangerous and that she was out of her depth.  But she was scared that Mr. Blueoak and the dragalodon might hear her if she tried to move.
“I had a pet rock once called Lucifer,” pondered Mr. Blueoak, his eyes staring down hard at the floor.  He dared not look at the creature.  He was sure if he looked it in the eye then it would knock him down dead.  He felt so stupid.  How was he supposed to use this creature if he was afraid of it?
“I will call you Lucifer, then,” said Mr. Blueoak.  “It is a fitting name for a magnificent beast such as you.”
The dragalodon laughed, and then said, “I already have a name.”
Mr. Blueoak looked up in shock.  He was obviously not expecting this.  The museum owner took a step back, knocking over some candles.  “What’s going on?” he asked, now more suspicious than terrified.  “Dragalodons can’t talk...”
“The more advanced ones can,” said the creature.
“Advanced?” Mr. Blueoak queried.  His hands were trembling.  “All dragalodons were powerful enchanters, but the only one who could talk was...”
The dragalodon giggled.  Mr. Blueoak now knew that he had made a terrible mistake.
“I am The Great Var, feared and respected leader of the ancient dragalodon tribes,” it said.  Its voice was regal, loud and booming.  It actually hurt Cressida’s ears.  “And I thank you for bringing me back to life.  You will be rewarded with something I deem fit for you. Once again the world will belong to me!”
“But I want you to help me take over the world!” Mr. Blueoak complained.  “That’s why I brought you back in the first place!”
“An Elf cannot rule the world,” Var mocked.  “Oh how ridiculous!  Elves are far too weak and small to have the entire planet under their thumb.  Besides, the world belongs to me.  It did before and it will now.”
Mr. Blueoak stood his ground, impressing Cressida.  The museum owner, shoulders raised, was facing this massive creature head on.  She could only shiver.
“I raised you so that means that you belong to me, and you will do as I say!” Mr. Blueoak ordered.                             
“The Great Var takes orders from no one,” said the dragalodon. “Especially not from a race as pathetic as the Elves.”
Mr. Blueoak smirked.  “I can make you obey me.  I have great and powerful magic inside me!”
The dragalodon swam closer to the terrified elf, opened its huge, cavernous mouth and bit him in half.  Cressida and Joe gasped in horror as the creature chewed its meal, swallowed, then licked up the other half of the museum owner and ate that too.  Cressida wanted to be sick.
“Hmm, tasty,” said the Great Var.  “I wonder if there are many more like him in the world.  I might eat them all!”
Its eyes trained on Cressida and Joe, too scared to move as they continued to peer in. It spat out a piece of tattered clothing then burped.
“Tiny humans,” said the Great Var.  “A bit stringy, but I am hungry.”
“Yes, very stringy,” said Cressida, mentally telling her legs to move but unable to.  “We’re not worth the effort of eating!”
“Why am I able to float like a bee?” Var inquired.
The creature’s bewildered tone affected Cressida; she found her legs moving again.  She stepped backwards, very slowly.  Joe was doing the same.
“It must be the Elf’s magic,” said Var.  “Oh well.  I might as well use this newfound gift before it wears off.  Humans!  Come here!”
“Run!” screamed Cressida.
They ran, the high-pitched screeching of The Great Var rolling behind them like a battle cry.  Joe slipped on the polished tiled floor and fell to his knees.  Cressida turned back to help him up when the dragalodon smashed through the smaller doorway of the exhibit room into the larger corridor.  Brick and plaster showered the two of them as they came face to face, literally, with the ancient creature.  Its mouth was wide open, its eyes gleaming and its tongue was wet.  There was nowhere for them to go to escape its jaws.
“What is going on?” a creaking voice asked.  
The Great Var flipped around in the corridor, his tail leaving a huge gash in the wall, knocking over other exhibits that lined the corridor, including a case of medieval Elven weapons.  Its eyes were now fixed on the elderly caretaker they had seen earlier while sneaking about.  The poor man was only an inch away from the dragalodon now, his eyes watering in terror.  Cressida and Joe were temporarily forgotten, as a juicier meal had become available.
“We have to help him,” said Cressida.  “Use a spell or something.”
“I can no more make spells work than my socks can,” Joe snapped.
Cressida couldn’t just stand there, or run and hide, and leave this innocent man to get eaten.  Yet what could she do?  Something shiny caught her eye; one of the Elven weapons, fallen out of its case.  It was a long golden spear with Elven runes engraved in its sides.  It looked wickedly sharp.  A cracked plaque on the floor read “The Elven Spear of Valor.”
The Great Var swiped at the caretaker with its tongue.  The old man ducked and tried to run away back down the other end of the corridor but the dragalodon darted forward through the air like a giant bird of prey and lunged, mouth wide open to scoop up its dinner.  That was when, with a roar she thought sounded very impressive indeed, Cressida stabbed the spear in the dragalodon’s tail.  It let out an eardrum-bursting screech of pain; a scream so loud Cressida and Joe had to cover their ears and which caused hairline cracks to splinter up the sides of glass encased exhibits.
“Where are you?” the Great Var wailed.  
Cressida pulled the spear out and thrust it in again for good measure.  By now the dragalodon was starting to thrash madly, the spear still impaled in its tail, which was oozing a deep red blood.  The two of them managed to crawl away as The Great Var’s convulsions began tearing down the walls and ceiling.
A piece of ceiling plaster hit Joe on the head as they proceeded, on hands and knees, to the exit from the taped-up section of the museum.  He desperately shouted out but Cressida’s fatally dangerous curiosity had caused her to turn and watch as The Great Var tried to bite the spear and pull it out of its hide.  Cressida you’re an idiot, she thought.  Now that thing is going to bring down the whole museum on us!  
He was about to tell Cressida to get a move on when she gave a shriek of surprise.  She had been scooped up by the Great Var’s gray, sticky tongue!  He scrambled to his feet, ready to confront the creature.  He tried to think of all the spells he had learned at school but, maybe because of adrenaline or the simple fact he couldn’t memorize them, he hit a blank, and so his best friend was pulled rapidly towards the great gaping maw of the dragalodon.
“Not so fast!” screamed Miss Weber.  She was standing in the archway, the torn police tape flapping by the walls.  She blazed confidence and a fierce anger that made Joe shiver.  Was this really the rather prim, tea obsessed teacher who had once fainted after finding a spider on her chair?
The Great Var dropped Cressida, who landed on her backside with a rather painful jolt.  She clambered quickly to her feet, surveying the rather odd scene.  The Great Var was edging closer to herself, Joe and Miss Weber.  The creature was still floating a few inches off the floor like it was balanced on a cushion of air. Where the caretaker was she had no idea.  
“Miss Weber, we have to run,” pleaded Cressida.  Both she and Joe were slowly walking backwards to try and put as much distance between themselves and the dragalodon as possible.
“I’m not just a teacher you know, Cressida,” explained Miss Weber.  Her amber eyes were sparkling with powerful earth magic now.  “We’ll leave the exposition until later...”
The Great Var stopped and began to laugh, his snorts of laughter so loud it began to stir the already unstable walls and ceiling.  Cressida looked upwards, afraid she would be buried alive.  Yet she didn’t dare make a run for it.  This creature was quick.  Would he chase them until they couldn’t run anymore?
“You are merely a woman,” said Var, considering Miss Weber with a hungry curiosity.  “Women cannot be a threat to me.”
Cressida was insulted.  
Miss Weber smiled.  The sparkle in her eyes became more pronounced, dazzling even, and she started chanting a spell under her breath.  Cressida could tell it was in modern Elvish.  Yet, as far as she knew, only Elves could wield Elf magic.  Cressida was just about to ask what kind of person her teacher really was when a giant globe of pastel blue light exploded out of Miss Weber’s head and hit the dragalodon.  The prehistoric enchanter thrashed wildly as ice began to crystallize around its body. 
“I will return!” the Great Var wailed as it froze completely, still floating in the air.
Miss Weber crossed her arms and gave Cressida and Joe a triumphant look.  Her eyes were back to normal and she didn’t appear to be one bit ruffled despite the fact the ceiling above the corridor over the frozen dragalodon was groaning ominously.  That was when the spell woven by Mr. Blueoak decided to fail, dropping the Great Var onto the ground.  He cracked in half like an egg.
“Hmm,” Miss Weber mused.  “I had heard that he was more powerful than that.  He probably couldn’t access his magic out of the water.  What a shame he was so intent on taking over the world.  We could have learned a lot from him.”
“He tried to eat us!” Cressida shouted.
“I did gather that, yes.”  She looked up at the ceiling, uttered an incantation under her breath, and watched as the ceiling tiles reformed.  The belching noises that were indicating a complete collapse were now gone.
“That was awesome,” said Joe.  “You were...awesome!”
“Oh I was okay.”  Miss Weber blushed, and then grinned.  “If you work hard and study hard you can do almost anything.  Well, if you don’t carry the magic genes then you can’t do magic but you know what I mean.”
Cressida didn’t know what to say.  Her teacher was a powerful enchanter.  She should be working for the government, not at a local elementary school.  Then it hit her...Miss Weber was working for the government.  Was it just a coincidence that her class had come to the museum for a visit on the very day Mr. Blueoak had resurrected The Great Var?
“Are you a government enchanter spy?” Cressida asked.
“Don’t tell anyone, but yes,” Miss Weber confirmed.  “It’s a very worthwhile profession.  This country has a lot of enemies you know.”
“She’s my favorite teacher,” Joe whispered excitedly, his eyes awestruck.  Cressida heartily agreed, even though she was a bit jealous.  Miss Weber had a glamorous job and she could perform quite spectacular feats of magic.  Cressida was good at nothing.  She couldn’t even be an enchanter spy as she had no magic genes.  
She looked once again at the frozen dragalodon, now in two pieces.  Already it had started to melt, but it was no use now.  The Great Var was dead and would never come back.  Mr. Blueoak had died, they’d nearly all died, and for what?  All because one stupid Elf had thought he could do magic from a stupid book.
The book; it was still in the dragalodon exhibit area.
The book; I can almost feel it in my hands...
The book; I have to have it...
She quickly pulled off her backpack and hid it behind a pillar while Miss Weber was telling Joe how if he had only actually listened in lessons he could be a powerful enchanter one day too.  He nodded enthusiastically, and Cressida had the strangest feeling that their teacher was actually getting through to him.
“Can I fetch my backpack?” asked Cressida.  “I dropped it in the dragalodon exhibit.”
“Hurry up,” said Miss Weber.  “There’s a cleanup crew arriving any minute now, plus I’m sure the class is wondering why I’ve been in the toilet for so long!”
“They probably think you have the runs,” said Joe, grinning.
So Joe can be an enchanter spy and I can’t, she thought bitterly.  The two of them were still chattering away as Cressida emerged from the exhibit area, the Elven book under her jumper, feeling its magical warmth soothing her skin.  She grinned, knowing that somehow this book would change her life.

Turn over for a preview of Snow White and Trip, a fantasy romance serial.

Snow White and Trip – Part 1
1

Now


And they lived happily ever after…for at least a year.
	In that first blissful year Snow White and her beloved Prince Charming led a contented life, living it to the fullest. They married in a springtime ceremony in front of the dwarf’s house, with a dragon-fire sunset and the blessing of the Queen of the Fairies to top it all off. They were flown on the back of a flying horse to the prince’s gargantuan palace on the outskirts of the country. Palace staff that loved them like family greeted them, and they were showered with gifts from enchanted rubies to bottles of pixie dust. Life as a princess was a dream.
	She remembered that night, her wedding night, like a disturbing nightmare that never left her mind. Prince Charming, Ryker, had scooped her up and carried her to their marriage bed. There had been scented candles and rose petals and a man behind a blue velvet screen playing a romantic melody on a violin. It was everything she had wanted from her wedding night and more. She had literally been swept off her feet and she hoped the feeling would never go away. Even now that feeling of pure happiness was like a drug that could lift up her spirits whenever she felt morose.
	When the violinist had been dismissed, Ryker had locked the door, looked at her with his green eyes and his dashing smile and his square jawed profile and said, “You’ve never looked more beautiful.”
	She had never felt more beautiful until that night. To hear those words coming out of the lips of her beloved had made her feel truly wanted and needed for the first time in her life.
	Snow had giggled and said, “I’m waiting for you.”
	“This has been…quite a whirlwind, hmm?” he’d said.
	“I like whirlwinds,” she’d said. “They made me dizzy. You make me dizzy.”
	He had slowly, teasingly unbuttoned his shirt. She had imagined all sorts of things during the build up to that night; rippling muscles, glistening pecs, hard nipples. She was an eighteen-year-old virgin, used to nothing but tragedy and heartache her whole life, and she wanted this prince to make her feel special. This was the night she had been waiting for.
	She’d watched, biting her lip in anticipation, as the last button was undone. She couldn’t wait to run her hands down his perfect body. She’d received a small bottle of body chocolate from one of the prince’s flighty cousins, and as much as the gift had embarrassed her, she was determined to use it.
	“Hurry up,” she’d teased. “I want you so much.”
	He laughed as he flung his shirt onto the thick, carpeted floor. He had a warm laugh.
	“Ryker, my darling…”
	While Snow White wasn’t exactly known a forward person, she had always prided herself on telling the truth, and the truth was Ryker had the body of a starved man. It was weedy, with little spots of acne here and there. There was no muscle definition whatsoever. Snow had sighed with displeasure, but she loved him. He was her savior and her prince and her husband. Surely having a perfect body didn’t matter?
	“Are you alright?” he’d asked. His concern touched her, and she’d felt guilty for over-analyzing his weak body. “You look shocked.”
	She’d taken his hand tenderly and brought it up to her face. She still loved his touch.
	“Nothing is the matter,” she’d lied. “I’m just so happy. I didn’t think I’d ever be happy again. I just wish my father was here to see this.”
	She’d giggled, realizing her words. “I meant I wished my father was here to see me marry, not see us…”
	Ryker had laughed too, and he’d kissed her to shut her up.
	She quickly undressed, feeling a little embarrassed at first, wondering whether her own body would be under the same scrutiny that she’d put her husband’s under. His eyes did open wide when she first revealed her nakedness. He’d probably never seen a naked woman before. He was a virgin too.
	He touched her cheek again and said, “Don’t be embarrassed.”
	She smiled. “I’ll try not to.”
He climbed awkwardly onto the bed with her. She tried to discern some sort of bulge in his trousers, but couldn’t seem to see anything. Perhaps he wasn’t excited yet? She should work on that. The wedding advisors had told her it was her job to pleasure her husband.
	“I love you so much Snow…erm…”
	“Snow White,” she whispered. “It doesn’t matter if you don’t remember my name. Just make love to me.”
	“You really do have skin as white as snow, and hair as black as coal.” His warm smile once again melted her. “I love you so much.”
	“I love you too.”
	Snow helped him out of his trousers, but kept her eyes averted from his private parts. For some reason she didn’t want to see it, not until they had consummated their marriage.
	Make this night the most magical of my life, she had prayed.
	He climbed on top of her, elbowing her in the face. He apologized and started kissing her neck. His lips were wet, leaving saliva all over her like a panting dog. She had cringed but forced herself to stick with it. She loved him, and the sex didn’t have to be perfect, as long as she was with him.
	After that it was pretty much all over with quickly. He had groped at her body, at her breasts, like he was choosing a ripe melon. After five minutes of what she could only assume was sex, the prince had gotten off her and gone to sleep. 
	“My prince?” she asked, nudging him.
	He snored in her face.
	That was it, she’d thought. That’s what sex with your husband is like. What a disappointment.
	She had sighed and stared at the ceiling all night, thinking about how having a Prince Charming was not all it was cracked up to be.
Despite the bad sexual experience, Snow and Ryker were happy. They were content. They were deeply in love. Snow grew to get used to their bad love making, and decided that if she wasn’t going to have a good lover then she was going to have a good husband instead. 
He was a good husband. He was doting, loving and she cherished him more than anything. They went riding together. They visited the orphanage to raise money together. They laughed together and they went to the theatre together. Life for them was good.
After a year, however, the cracks had started to show. He started to pay less attention to her. They made love far less frequently. He fell out of raising monies for charities, and going to the theatre, and gained a sudden allergy for horses. His manner became brusquer, and he became more like the horrid princes she had known as a child. He was no longer the Prince Charming she had fallen in love with.
It was just last week, when Snow White was given a surprise 23rd birthday party, that she realized she was bored. She never did anything anymore. When Ryker had become bored of all their activities together, she had stopped doing them too because she didn’t like to do them on her own. Besides, a modern princess was required to do nothing but look pretty, sew and read women’s books. She wanted to do something interesting, something dangerous.
Usually when she became bored she dusted around the palace. The place was so huge it would take her a week to dust, but it was something to do, something to take her mind off her tedious marriage. Now Ryker had forbidden her from dusting as they had a maid to that sort of menial labor, even though their maid, Lisa, was always sleeping in bed late.
“No princess wife of mine is going to clean like some common person,” he’d said to her in that irritatingly haughty tone of his. “I’d be the talk of the kingdom if people were to find out!”
“I won’t tell them,” she’d declared.
“No more cleaning!”
Snow White had tickled him under the chin with the feather duster, feeling playful. He’d snatched the duster off her and stalked away. Snow White had crossed her arms, feeling her face go red from embarrassment and anger. So no more dusting for her, then.
That was another thing that had started to annoy her about him. Prince Charming may have been dashing and handsome, but he had turned into a stuck-up moron like every other member of royalty in the kingdom. He thought he knew what was best for her, including telling her what to wear, what to think, what to do and what not to do. 
Ryker liked to say the word “common” more times a day than he admired his shiny brown hair in the mirror. His bark color mane reminded her of the shaggy dog she used to have as a little girl. How she’d missed that dog. At least the dog had appeared to enjoy her presence.
“That dress is so common, Snow White,” he’d say before taking her out to some awful party with awful people. “I’ve bought you something more elegant for an occasion such as this, something less…common. Try on that other dress that I’ve had specially tailored for you.”
His taste in dresses was quite spectacular she had to admit. Snow had an inkling that he used to try them on when she was visiting Batty in the dwarfs’ retirement home, but she had yet to catch him in the act. She was too embarrassed to even talk to him about it.
The door opened to her study. She turned around from her oak desk to see the palace butler, Jeremy. He had a silver tray with him, laid with a cup of steaming herbal tea and a plate of homemade chocolate biscuits. She was glad of the interruption, as she loved Jeremy like a father.
Suffice to say Snow White had put on a few pounds since marrying the prince. While she wasn’t considered overweight, others in her husband’s social circle often made fun of her size. Besides, eating was a comfort for her. She didn’t care if she wasn’t a stick-thin, broom shaped ninny like every other princess and princess-wannabe in the land. She wouldn’t change her figure to please anybody, even her husband, though for some reason he had never commented on it.
“I’ve brought some light refreshments for you, my princess,” Jeremy declared in his clear voice. “I baked these biscuits for you just this morning. I know how you love your biscuits.”
“I do love my biscuits,” she conceded, trying to hide a grin. “You spoil me, you really do.”
He placed the tray on her desk, being careful not to disturb any of her writing implements. She looked towards the open door and suddenly felt panic.
“Did the prince see you, Jeremy?” Snow asked. She rushed to the door, closed it, and calmly sat back down again. “If he knows I’m secretly eating chocolate biscuits he’ll send me back to that diet class again. That witch who runs it threatened to turn me into a chocolate bar the last time I was there, and I threatened to punch her into next week if she even tried.”
Jeremy smiled and said, “I took the back stairs, my lady. Nobody saw me. You are quite safe.”
She took one of the biscuits and sighed. Heaven! Jeremy’s biscuits were the only things in life she had to look forward to. They were so delicious she sometimes even dreamed of them.
“I would like to warn you not to eat too many,” he cautioned her. “I don’t want you to put on too much weight and end up being as big as the cook. She has heart trouble, you know.”
Snow White thought that Jeremy cared for her well being more than the prince did. He certainly checked up on her when she went exploring the maze-like palace and got herself lost, which happened fairly often, even now after years of marriage. She still wasn’t sure whether there were two wings or three, or how many towers there were. She was fairly confident there were exactly 2001 rooms, but only because Ryker boasted about it at parties.
“I need something to keep me occupied while I’m writing my autobiography,” she explained, mouth full of chocolaty-goodness. “Chocolate has a wonderful effect on me. It seems to drive my creative impulses.”
“Are you sure this autobiography thing is such a good idea?” Jeremy asked. His concern always touched me. “I know you haven’t had such a stable life so far. I don’t want you to be get upset from reliving so many bad memories.”
“What else have I got to do with my time?” she said. “The prince and I used to engage in so many activities together, but now he doesn’t want to do anything with me, and he won’t let me do anything interesting either.”
“I suppose if it makes you happy,” he conceded.
“I suppose it’s cathartic in a way.”
Jeremy smiled at her again. Snow White realized that her butler had a much nicer smile than her husbands. It was full of warmth and caring and it made her feel like she was much loved.
Snow White had decided only a day ago to write her autobiography to stop boredom from setting in further like leg cramp. Only knowing how strange her life used to be made her realize how mundane it was now. How exhilarating her life used to be, with being targeted for death by her wicked stepmother, and hiding out with the dwarves, and being saved by a handsome prince. That had been the adventure of her life. At the time she had been scared and quite lonely but, looking back on it now, she wished she could relive it again for the chance of some juicy action. How she wished to become embroiled in another adrenaline pumping adventure, where this time the hero was a proper prince. Maybe she could go on a quest to find the fabled golden skinned dwarf? Danger, lust and excitement! Wasn’t that what every woman wanted?
“How far are you with it?” Jeremy asked, trying to sound interested.
“I’ve just got to the bit where my wicked stepmother stabbed my father with a poisoned knife.” She braced herself for the memories of her father that came flooding through her. They were like a torrent of grief. Still, she remembered the good times as well. 
“I wish I’d known your father,” said Jeremy.
“You two would’ve gotten along famously,” said Snow White. “He was like me. He didn’t like to be closed in, and he craved adventure. Marrying a sexy young wife was an adventure to him. Shame she was an evil, murderous witch.”
She closed her notebook and sighed. She would never get rip-roaring, adrenaline pumping adventure ever again. Her life was over. She would die, in this stuffy gargantuan palace, as the wife of the most irritating prince the world had ever known. She would die bored.
She felt Jeremy’s hand on her neck. He could always tell when she was morose. She took another chocolate biscuit and nibbled on that. It made her feel slightly better, but she was sick of feeling sorry for herself.
“Things will get better,” said Jeremy. “You just have to trust me. Things are always dark just before the light.”
“You keep saying that,” said Snow White. She couldn’t hide her frustration. “Things just keep getting worse. My family line has literally been blessed with longer life than the average human; something to do with one of my ancestors saving the life of a witch; I don’t really know the details. I could live to two hundred years old in this palace, Jeremy. Just imagine another hundred and seventy-seven more years in this place! Talk about living your worst nightmare.”
“You can have children, grandchildren. They will keep you company. Ryker’s family line isn’t as blessed as yours. They never live past sixty. He won’t always be around.”
She imagined all her children as spoiled, annoying and pompous, just like their father. Maybe she could help raise them to be kind people, but her husband’s influence would always be there, and as a proper princess she would be expected to palm her children off on nannies anyway.
“I married too young,” Snow White realized. “I’m still just a girl. I was only eighteen when I married the prince.”
“Some princesses marry at thirteen. You were an old maid compared to some of them,” said Jeremy.
“Being an old maid sounds good right about now.”
“You’ll never be an old maid.”
“Yeah, because of that witch’s curse. Sorry, blessing.”
Jeremy kissed her on the forehead and said, “Cynicism doesn’t suit you, Snow White.”
“Cynicism is all I have.”
Right then she wished the prince had never woken her up from her coma. She’d rather spend her life asleep in a glass coffin in the woods than be bored. She hated thinking that way.
“I better get going,” said Jeremy, heading for the door. “I’ve got a lot of work to do.”
“The prince works you too hard,” said Snow White. “You’re not as young as you used to be.”
“I feel young in here,” he said, tapping his chest.
	She reached out for another biscuit when all of a sudden Jeremy clutched his chest. A rictus of pain lit up his face. Snow White put her hand to her mouth, momentarily shocked, and ran to help the only person she could trust in the world.
	“Jeremy?” she cried. “Jeremy, what’s wrong?”
	“My heart…”
	He collapsed onto the floor. Snow White started to panic, not sure what to do. Should she call for a doctor, or get her husband? She couldn’t live without Jeremy in her life. He had to survive.
	She flung open the door and screamed, “Please, somebody, help!”
	She looked back at Jeremy, but he was unconscious. She kneeled down by him, feeling for a pulse. There was still something there, but it was faint.
	“Please, whatever gods are out there; save him,” she begged.
Turn over for an exciting preview of “The Girl From Yesterday”, the first part in the exciting “The Blood Dynasty Chronicles” series.

The Girl From Yesterday
1

	Ashlyn looked up as he entered her cell.  She wanted to ignore him or tell him to leave her to her privacy but she feared the backlash.  He could have her taken to the kitchens to have her blood drained if she disobeyed him.  Yet the rebellious part of her longed to stand up for herself and for her rights as a human.  Would he even listen?  He’d probably just smirk.  The Sublime family liked to smirk.
	She waited for him to say something, refusing to look at him.  He brought out things in her that she refused to acknowledge.  Besides, it was forbidden to look a member of the family in the eye.
	“I’m sorry, I should’ve knocked,” he apologized.
	“It’s your house, you can do as you please,” said Ashlyn.
	They certainly did as they pleased.  Ashlyn remembered the look on the maid’s face as he…She banished the image from her mind.  It did no good to ponder.
	“I don’t normally talk to the workers but you intrigue me,” he said.  She kept her eyes on his chest.  He was wearing the form-fitting suit he had on earlier.  No part of him was unattractive.  She turned her eyes to the floor instead.
	“Nothing intrigues me these days,” he admitted.
	“I guess I do have an interesting past,” said Ashlyn.
	She laughed, and he said, “What’s so funny?”
	“Workers shouldn’t laugh?” she demanded. 
	He came closer, and her hands began to shake.  This man was a monster.  They were all monsters, swarming over the planet like ants.  She was trapped in a room with one of them and she was sure he could hear her heart beat faster in pure terror.  It probably made him happy to see her so cowed in his presence.
	“I want you to tell me about yourself,” he asked.  “I want to know everything there is to know about Ashlyn Fountain.”
	“I belong to you,” snapped Ashlyn.  “I’m your slave, your property.  What else do you want, or need, to know?”
	He gave her a surprise when he sat beside her on the bed.  There was no warmth coming from him, just a wave of icy coldness that seemed to pick at her bones.  She wondered why he was really here and when he would leave.  What she’d done today in her duties as slave had drained her and she just wanted to curl up in bed and sleep for a hundred years.
	I’ve slept enough, she thought.  I’ve slept more than enough.
	“Please,” he pleaded.  The note in his voice surprised her.  She thought she heard genuine interest.  “Humor me.  I want to know how you got here.”
	“You know how I got here,” she said.  “That’s why you find me so interesting.”
	“Please.”
	It couldn’t do her any harm to tell him, could it?  If it got her treated any better in the future then weaving a simple story of her past would be a sound investment.  
	“You want to know what my life was like before this?  It was boring and simple.  I was a normal girl with normal problems.  A thousand years ago, vampires were considered folklore and were stars of romantic fiction.  How could we ever know that they were real, and that they would take over the world one day, and that world would be a utopia for them?  For us humans, though...we’re slaves.  I’ll tell you what my life was like before...it was better than this.”




2

	Ashlyn signed the Valentine’s card “From you know who.”  She hoped he recognized her handwriting.  He’d copied off her homework for long enough.  Then again he was pretty stupid.  Maybe she should sign it with her own name, just to make sure?
	She autographed the card and smiled.  This was going to be the best week of her life.  First she’d been accepted for a summer internship at The Independent newspaper, and then she was going to finally have the man she’d crushed on for years.  It was a good time to be Ashlyn Fountain.
	“What are you doing?” Harry asked, peeking around her bedroom door.  “Let me have a look.”
	“Nothing to interest you,” said Ashlyn.  She walked up to her little brother and closed the door.
	“I’ll tell Mum you called me something rude!” Harry shouted from the other side of the door.
	“You’re a little shit,” said Ashlyn.  “Tell her I said that!”
	Ashlyn smiled affectionately.  She loved Harry, even though he was a pest and determined to invade her life.  She had to humor him, though.  He might not be here for much longer if the chemo didn’t work.  
	Think positive thoughts...
	She put the card into an envelope and, lips already applied with Blueberry Purple Shine lipstick, she kissed it.  This was just another clue as to the identity of the sender.  He’d seen her wear this lipstick often enough.  Greg Ballantine was putty in her hands.

*****

	Ashlyn watched from her desk with baited breath as six-foot tall Greg, with the rugby player’s build and the eyes of a poet, opened her card.  He turned to her and gave her a tentative smile.  Ashlyn’s heart almost burst with joy.
	This is it.  Tonight you’re going to be going on a date with the hottest boy in school!
	She stood up, anticipating how glorious this moment would be.
“Erm...I thought you knew I was gay,” said Greg.  He was holding out her card like it was a live grenade.
	Ashlyn’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment.  The entire class had their eyes on her.  Her personal drama was their entertainment.  She was surprised it wasn’t on Facebook already.
	“It’s not from me,” Ashlyn insisted.  She looked towards her best friend Veronica, who shrugged her shoulders.  Some help she was!
	“I recognize your handwriting,” said Greg.  “I’m flattered and everything, it’s just that...”
	“You’re gay,” Ashlyn finished for him.
	She snatched the card from him, shoved it into her bag, and sat down by her desk again.  She wanted the world to swallow her up.  How was she supposed to know he was gay?  It wasn’t as if he acted like it!  He had seemed so...so heterosexual.  How could she have been so stupid?  Why hadn’t anybody told her?  What kind of journalist would she be if her gaydar was broken?
	“Did you know?” Ashlyn demanded.
	“I suspected,” Veronica admitted.  “I thought you did too!”
	“This is the worst day of my life.”
	She watched Greg as he sat down and started talking to his friends.  She’d fancied him for years, even watched him play rugby just so she could ogle his legs.  It had all been for nothing.

*****

	Veronica was telling her about all the wonderful Valentine’s cards she’d received.  Ashlyn hadn’t gotten a single one.  She vowed to never celebrate this silly tradition ever again.  It was a waste of time and money.
	“Were there any signs that I missed?” Ashlyn wondered. 
The two of them were in the school cafeteria.  They each had a soggy looking salad and a cup of black coffee that tasted awful.  Ashlyn could feel every eye on her, mocking her for her naiveté.  
	Veronica shrugged.  “It was just a vibe that I got.”
	“The way he said it out loud…like everyone already knew…”
	“I was talking to one of Greg’s friends.”  Veronica looked sheepish for a second.  “He had a coming out party on Facebook last week.   Everybody did know.”
	“Some investigative journalist I am.”
	Veronica smiled.  “You could put it in the school newspaper.  Pretend that you’re proud of him for coming out.”
	Ashlyn sighed heavily.  At the moment the school newspaper was the last thing on her mind.
	“Are we still going to see Sunset when it comes out?” Veronica asked, thankfully changing the subject. 
	Sunset!  She’d forgotten about that.  It was the movie event of the decade.  They had finally made a film out of her favorite book of all time.  It was the book that had made the world fall in love with vampires all over again.  Ashlyn herself had often had a fantasy of the novel’s hunky vampire lead, Darin.  There was nothing in the world more romantic than a vampire who would do anything for you.
	“You’d think I’d miss out on that just because of Greg?” Ashlyn laughed, though she felt heartbroken inside.
	Veronica sipped at her coffee.  “You did like him.  A lot.”
	“He’s no Darin, though, is he?” said Ashlyn.  “How could Greg compare to swarthy Irish vampire and teen detective Darin?”
	Veronica laughed.  “Nobody could compare to Darin.  Well, the actor playing him in the movie is pretty fit.  I want to have his babies.”
	For the first time in a long time Ashlyn had imagined that a boy could be as wonderful as her fictional crush.  For now Darin would have to do.


