The Shadows of Charos

Published By Stephen Bayliss

Copyright 2022 Stephen Bayliss

Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes

Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Table Of Contents


Characters

Glossary

Prologue

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

Chapter Nine

Chapter Ten

Chapter Eleven

Chapter Twelve

Chapter Thirteen

Epilogue
The Shadows of Charos
Characters

Alvo Thoria - One of the secret leaders of rebel organisation Sa Domari, The Free. Senior correspondent for Sa Intrium Dra, The Council of Information, in Strahgarvand. (Chapter One)
Crali  - Wife of Tarka Morvo. A great beauty and socialite with a keen mind. Moves in diplomatic social circles. Of the Great Families. (Chapter Two)
Crassian Hargan - Member of Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise. Chief of Defence, commander of all the armies, air forces and navies of Charos. (Chapter Three)
Creto Strahger - Current dictator of Charos. Head of Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise. Son of former dictator, Kragar Strahger. Known as Sa Gyla Ah Kata, The Light of Kata, also as Sa Harla Ah Kiel, The Bringer of Grief. (Chapter Three)
Danah Maygor - Virologist and microbiologist working for Sa Domari. (Chapter eight).
Darg Karlin - Member of Sa Intrium Mantah. Head of Sa Tahgus, the intelligence and secret police organisation for all of Charos. (Chapter Three)
Dorgad - A senior Tolmaran diplomat recently returned from a posting in Altorum. Laria encounters him and his partner at Tarka Morvo’s dinner party. (Chapter Two)
Dramon Thoria - Alvo Thoria’s cousin, a cook in the Tolmaran navy and childhood companion of Alvo. (Chapter One)
Esan Varga - In his sixties, a close friend of Tarka Morvo’s and an innovative and brilliant engineer at the Space Research and Development Centre. It was he and his team that made the Lieth Ah Domah, Breath of God, faster than light spacecraft a working reality. (Chapter Two)
Griggs, Colonel - EAIC head of Recovery and Salvage. (Prologue)
Haydar Forlian - Head of Sa Intrium Dra, The Council of Information, and in charge of all Dra bulletins and Sa Intrium Mantah’s propaganda. All edicts to Sa Desia, The People, from The Council, indeed from Strahger himself, go through Forlian. (Chapter Three)
Jarno - Sa Domari operative who is the main point of contact for the organisation in Creethum. (Chapter Twelve)
Kahsa Norva - Member of Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise. Finance minister who oversees all the krela houses in every province and country and whose many employees across the world monitor the financial health of Charos. (Chapter Three)
Kaza Greefor - Sa Domari organizer from island of Zianta. (Chapter six).
Keda Tartha - Laria’s first boyfriend whom she meets at Sa Intrius Ket, The Third School. A transfer student from Chiata, a country on the large continent south of the equator and Altorum. (Chapter Two and Chapter Four)
Kragar Strahger - Deceased. Former leader of Sa Jatah, former dictator of Charos, father to Creto Strahger. (Prologue)
Cramos Karak - Dissident author who when put on trial gives the rebels their name - Sa Domari, The Free. Sentenced to the Thernian mines. (Chapter One)
Laria Praxi - Physicist and mathematician at Space Research and Development Centre. Expert on Lieth Ah Domah, The Breath of God, the faster than light spacecraft. (Chapter Two).
Ligo Praxi - Laria Praxi’s father. A general science lecturer at the local Sa Intrius Ket, the Third School. It was Laria’s father who had given her the love of science from an early age. (Chapter Three) 
Magla Drados - Renowned elderly Tolmaran  scientist and engineer. Designer of the first practical faster than light drive, Leith Ah Domah, The Breath of God. (Prologue)
Makanah - Leader of Creethum village close to Space Elevator on Creethum (Chapter eleven).
Marga Norska - Member of Sa Domari high council, representing Altorum. (Chapter six)
Maro - Tolmaran philosopher, lived about 2000 years ago. (Prologue)
Nilus - Creto Strahger’s personal assistant. A young man who is the son of one of Strahger’s old security detail. Strahger has shown him much favour and he is well versed in the intricacies of Charos politics. (Chapter Three)
Philo - Tolmaran general, lived about 800 years ago. Known for his military tactics and strategies. (Prologue)
Pierson, General C. - Officer in command, Extraterrestrial Activities Investigation Committee (EAIC), Science Division. (Prologue)
Pralah - Wife of Creto Strahger. A keen intellect and undertakes many diplomatic duties. (Chapter Three)
Resia - Partner of mining director and engineer Sagar. Laria encounters her at Tarka Morvo’s dinner party (Chapter Two)
Sagar - A mining director and engineer for one of the Great Family mining enterprises. Laria encounters him at Tarka Morvo’s dinner party. (Chapter Two)
Seetha Crado - Dissident poet and philosopher. (Prologue)
Tarka Morvo - A renowned astrophysicist and spacecraft engineer. Head of  the Space Research and Development Centre in Tolmara. Laria’s boss and of the Great Families. (Chapter Two)
Triala Edak - Noted physicist and mathematician at the Space Research and Development Centre. In her senior years but vital to the development of the Lieth Ah Domah, Breath of God, faster than light spacecraft. Of the Great Families. (Chapter Two)
Vanta Morium - Head of Sa Domari military wing. (Chapter One) 
Veena - Laria Praxi’s mother. (Chapter Four)
Viana Mergida - Member of Alvo Thoria’s work collective, his lover and a member of Sa Domari who first gets him involved in the rebellion. (Chapter One)
Zar Kormin - An old friend of Creto Strahger’s father, Kragar Strahger. He stood by Kragar  through the conflict with the Altorum empire. After the conflict he dedicated himself to scientific pursuits for many decades and faded from public view. Known for his kindness to the young Creto. (Chapter Three)
The Shadows of Charos
Glossary

Ah - Of, or The One, depending on context (see Ah-Ka)
Ah-Ka­ - The One Ruler, Creto Strahger; leader
Akanta - Day of rest, once every ten days
Akrian - A kind of blue and green opal stone
Altarvand - Port city on East Coast of Altorum
Altorum - Country in Western hemisphere; once Altorum empire; once democratic
Amarkia - Ancient Tolmaran Goddess of Peace
Amna Stone - Diamond
Ar Bardur - To ‘go through the gate’, to die (colloquial)
Ar- Go
Ar Nosa - Go in good health
Ar Nosa Cra Tah - ‘Go in good health and fight well’, (farewell for Tolmaran warriors)
Ar Tah - Go well; good; fine (greeting)
Argana - Spring
Arlania - Country on southern border of Altorum
Arva - Love
Asperian - Crimson and pink insect trapping flowers found on Creethum
Braleria - Equatorial country in southern hemisphere
Calfias­ - purple alpine flower
Charos - Earth like planet orbiting Alpha Centauri-A
Chiata - Country in southern hemisphere, south of equator and Altorum
Corda - Medium sized country on southern border of Tolmara
Cra - Fight, battle
Crado, Seetha - Dissident poet
Creethum - Island on equator where Space Elevator located; people of said island
Dala - Black; dirty black; dark skinned (derogatory)
Delka - Measurement of distance; one delka = approx. 1.5 kilometres 
Domah - God
Domari - Free; freedom
Dra - Information, news
Drakah - Science
Eda moss - Moss from Zianta that glows in certain gases; luxury item
­Elera - country in north of continent below equator
Epah- Farm animal; quadruped with strong smelling excrement; used for meat
Esar - Island nation north west of Tolmara where Alvo’s grandfather emigrated from
Gah - Blood
Gah Domah! - expletive, ‘the blood of God’
Garan - large hall, meeting place of the Grand Parliament
Grieja - Mythical Tolmaran beast with large claws and ribbed wings
Grindak - Type of eagle-like bird, found in lower reaches of Kregias mountians
Gyla - light
Habravand - Capital city of Altorum.
Hega - City in Chiata
Hola - Autumn, The Fall
Holusa - Board game of clans fighting for control of imaginary provinces
Intrium - Council; see Sa Intrium Mantah
Intrius - School; see Sa Intrius Ket
Jit - Small, timid quadruped common throughout Charos, mainly nocturnal
Jotah - The Moon of Charos; father
Kalia - Flower like a water lily with indigo petals, tropical and subtropical
Kalietah - Stringed instrument, popular throughout Charos
Kamori - Plump and tasty Game bird that nests on the ground 
Karinda Berry Tree - Common southern plant, orange flowers, yellow edible berries
Kata - Alpha Centauri-B
Ket - Three, third
Konos - Rare, ice-blue coloured crystal
Kontari - Great ocean in South Western hemisphere
Kori - Giant tree, common in tropical regions, long lived
Korsa - Tasty fish, considered a luxury item
Kragarvand - Port city in northeast Tolmara, about 800 delkas from Strahgervand
Kratah - Courage. The national sport of most of Charos. Final on the Festival Day
Kregias mountians - Mountain range in north of Tolmara, named after explorer
Krela - Money, currency
Kreth Ah Domah - The Storm of God; nuclear conflict
Kurindah - Land of the Dead in Tolmaran myth
Kyras - the Raining Trees
Ledah - Sweet yellow fruit, tropical
Lieth - Breath, breathe
Lieth Ah Domah - Breath of God, faster than light spacecraft drive
Lider wood - Dark hardwood from jungles of Braleria
Lila grass - Common tall green reed, temperate
Lo - To be
Lo Domari! - To be free! (exclamation)
Lorias - Summer
Magla Drados - First spacecraft fitted with the Leith Ah Domah faster than light drive
Mantah - Wise; see Sa Intrium Mantah
Marah - Sorrow
Maro - Ancient Tolmaran philosoper. Also name of crewed faster than light spacecraft
Malietha - Port city in Creethum
Morlah - Winter
Moru - Bright coloured almost extinct, rain forest bird, sacred to the Creethum 
Ne - Small
Nevand - Village
Nosa - Health, healthy 
Olkah oil - Cordan cooking oil, prized for flavour it adds to meat
Olvera - Strong spirits drink, hard to come by
Pagari - Plant with large round leaves found in Creethum rain forest
Pelia River - River running through Altarvand
Rahgi - Drink which is a mild stimulant made from leaves of rahgini bush 
Ryla - Crystal that gives out blue-white flash when exposed to light
Sa - the
Sa Arva Tah - Marriage, the partnership, literally ‘the love good’
Sa Desia - the ‘people’, the species, as per the term ‘humanity’
Sa Domari - The Free, resistance movement active across all of Charos
Sa Garan Sa Desia - The Great Hall of the People, (Strahgervand)
Sa Gyla Ah Kata - The Light of Kata, the second sun, name for Creto Strahger
Sa Intrium Dra - The Council of Information
Sa Intrium Drakah - The Council of Science - oversees all science on Charos
Sa Intrius Ket - The Third School, university
Sa Jatah - The All, The Everyone, The Party
Sa Marah - The Sorrow; first great war between Tolmara  and Altorum
Sa Tahgus  - The Instrument; see Sa Tahgus Ah Vara Mantah
Sa Tahgus Ah Vara Mantah - The Instrument of Law Wise; police, secret police
Sa Ula Ah Gyla - The Valley of Light, Kregias mountains
Salah - Red tropical fruit found in Creethum
San - Great; vast
Satah - Swift
Savah - Ancient Tolmaran goddess of sleep 
Se - Big
Se Ula - Big valley; canyon
Shilom - Lizard like creature; common in warmer parts of Charos
Si - Wife; husband; partner
Si­-Ah-Ka - Wife of the One Ruler; Pralah
Silda Suit - Two piece garment, thermally regulated
Silta - Grain for bread
Soltar - To fall, fallen; The Fallen, those dispossessed by the Government
Strahgervand - Capital city of Tolmara
Suikan - Domesticated animal, bred for its meat and hide
Tah Lo - Be lucky; good luck
Takamori - Village close to Space Elevator on Creethum
Tako - Large fish, prized for its sweet tasting meat
Targah stone - Green translucent stone, common in Tolmaran households
Temaras - Flax plant yielding coarse fibre, for packaging goods, bags etc
Thernian Mines - Mines where dissidents and criminals are sentenced to hard labour
Thoras - Ancient Tolmaran god of hunting
Tiah - Charos hour, approx. 100 minutes
Tokata - Proxima Centauri
Tolmara - Country in eastern hemisphere, now continental empire 
Trieka - Two legged animal used for racing and riding
Ula - valley
Ur - No; not; un (general negative)
Ursan - Small, insignificant; colloquially - poor, not of the Great Families
Vand - City, town
Vara - Law
Varka - Dangerous carnivore found in rain forests of Creethum
Vikah - Breeze
Zianta - Equatorial island
The Shadows of Charos
Prologue

E.A.I.C. Sigint: - B975-23
Classification: - Top Secret Umbra
Ref: - SD 06/08/2023-26
To: - All members Extraterrestrial Activities Investigation Committee
From :- General C. Pierson, Officer in Command, EAIC Science Division
Date: - Aug 18, 2023

Sigint As Follows:  --  All branches of the EAIC Science Division have now reported back to me in regard to the purported un-crewed spacecraft recovered approximately 134 degrees West, 29 degrees North, between Honolulu and San Francisco by the USS Delaware on July 15th (Ref: SD 07/17/23-20).
As you know, the vehicle was shipped to the naval base at San Francisco where it was then handed over to the EAIC’s head of Recovery and Salvage Division, Colonel Griggs, who had the craft transported  to our facility at Wright Patterson Air Force Base. Over the last month all units of the Science Division have conducted investigations on the vehicle.
This morning they approached me with a combined conclusion which stated that: 
Given the technology and construction of this vehicle, its origin is most likely to be extraterrestrial.

Summary

Appearance:  --  The craft was dark grey, cylindrical and just over 15 metres in length. At its maximum it was 6 metres in width and 3 metres high. It carried no outward markings or insignia while what labelling of internal equipment there was appeared to be in an unknown language.

Propulsion Division:  -- The craft appears to be powered by a working model of an Alcubierre-Froning Warp Drive. For those of you on the EAIC without a scientific background I will explain briefly what that means: 

Albert Einstein’s theories state that as a craft approaches the speed of light it increases its mass, requiring ever more energy to propel it forward. His equations show that at the speed of light, the craft would achieve infinite mass and thus would need infinite energy to accelerate. This is of course impossible, meaning that a craft cannot travel faster-than-light. 
However, based on Einstein’s field equations in General Relativity, Mexican theoretical physicist, Miguel Alcubierre, postulated that a spacecraft could achieve faster-than-light travel by warping space. Put simply, rather than exceeding the speed of light within a local reference frame, a spacecraft would traverse distances by contracting space in front of it and expanding space behind it, resulting in effective faster-than-light travel. The empty space behind a starship is made to expand rapidly, pushing the craft in a forward direction. So, with this technology, the spacecraft itself does not contravene Einstein’s theories, it merely rides the contraction and expansion of space to its destination.

The recovered craft appeared to draw its energy for propulsion directly from the fabric of space-time. It had a photon particle force field surrounding it which was emitted directly from its surface. This force field served as both a shield and screen, eliminating atmospheric friction and  protecting from radiation and debris. It also served to screen time dilation or other relativistic effects and helped acceleration while extracting energy from the craft’s motion through the quantum vacuum. It was once thought that such a propulsion system would require all the energy of the universe, but new theoretical calculations about a decade ago, showed that the mass-energy requirements for a spaceship could be reduced from the equivalent of something the size of the planet Jupiter to that of the size of the Voyager One spacecraft (700 kg) or less. This craft would appear to confirm those calculations.
As stated, all our work in this area is theoretical for the most part, but those who have made this initial study of the craft believe it is a practical faster-than-light vehicle, the ‘real thing’, as it were. I do not have to tell you the significance of these findings to our current scientific thought, space exploration capabilities and technology in general should they prove to be correct. 
The Propulsion Division is firmly of the opinion that such technology is well beyond the capabilities of Russia, China or other states with some grasp on the means of space faring. Given our present level of theory and understanding of such propulsion systems, it is projected that several years of study and experimentation would be required for a working knowledge of the technology. 

Intelligence Division:  --  The Intelligence Division reports that the craft was outfitted with highly sophisticated optical, infra-red, X-ray radar and spectrographic devices with a resolution capability currently unobtainable. It appeared designed to monitor, photograph and film a huge volume of information. It is also coated with an as yet unknown alloy and paint which would, it is believed, have made it difficult to detect by ground-based radars. 
Its communication and antennae equipment appear to be based on some form of  quantum entanglement devices and were set to send data in the direction of Alpha Centauri. The conclusion of the Intelligence Division, with a so far superficial and limited grasp of its capabilities, is that the craft’s function was probably to orbit and study military activities and signals. 

Computer Division: -- The most astounding findings come from the Computer Division. They report that the craft used Artificial Intelligence networks for its general operations, its navigation and to track and avoid obstacles such as meteors and asteroids.
The on-board computers consisted of a network of four quantum computers of about 50 ‘qubits’ each, working in harmony with a complementary network of half a dozen classical computers.
Once again, let me offer a brief explanation in regard to quantum computing: 

Data in a classical computer, with which we are all familiar, is represented by ‘bits’ which can be either 1 or 0. Data in a quantum computer, a ‘qubit’, can be 1 and 0 simultaneously, an effect known as ‘superposition’. This means that calculations can be done much faster on a quantum computer. There are four possible states for the data, 00, 10, 01 or 11. A classical computer needs to check each of the four possibilities one at a time - a quantum computer can check all four states at once. For example, a 500 ‘qubit’ computer could analyse more data than there are atoms in the observable universe. 
Although quantum computers could solve in seconds problems that would take classical computers thousands of years, they probably won’t completely replace standard computers but be used for things standard computers find difficult, such as studying natural systems. Another advantage is that ‘qubits’ can be quantumly entangled, that is, they will affect each other from anywhere else in the universe.
Quantum computing is currently being studied in the United States by the National Quantum Initiative and there is also a planned research facility in China and other countries. However, I am reliably informed that our present level of technology and understanding is at the ‘vacuum tube’ stage and the craft’s computers are well beyond that level of development. 

The Computer Division also reports that the on-board computers and their function would seem to be consistent with the Intelligence Division’s belief that the spacecraft’s intended purpose was as a military spy satellite. Alarmingly, they found more than this.
Once a rudimentary understanding of the design and operation of the on-board computers had been gained, an interface between the craft’s classical computers and the EAIC computer system was established, no easy task, and further study taking much time will be needed to establish some sort of interface with the quantum computer network.
The craft’s computers did not have screens but displayed their information in a hologram form. It was at the point of beginning to download the craft’s information that a dramatic event occurred. Text began appearing on these hologram displays in six different common languages, including English.
It was clear that whoever implanted this ‘message in a bottle,’ so to speak, within the craft’s computer memories, knew a great deal about our own computer technology and what kind of interface would need to be established.

Conclusion

While I personally am not yet completely convinced that this is a confirmed contact, upon reading a transcript of the message carried by the craft and considering the other scientific evidence to hand so far, it is my recommendation that a Code Daedalus should be initiated.
As your liaison to the President and his advisers I must respect the combined opinion of  the EAIC Science Division and act accordingly. If further evidence shows beyond reasonable doubt that this is a confirmed contact, it is my recommendation that it be regarded as hostile.
I include a copy of the message (Umbra: For Your Eyes Only) and copies of the complete reports to date of the EAIC Science Division. Please let me have your recommendations by noon tomorrow as I would like the full opinion of the committee before I report to the White House at 1800 hours. From this point on please use Daedalus Sigint channels only.

Encl: 

1. Transcript from spacecraft.

2. EAIC Science Division’s reports and conclusions.


EAIC Sigint B975-23 continued:
Classification: - Top Secret Umbra (For Your Eyes Only).
Attention: - Extraterrestrial Activities Investigation Committee members.
Content: - Transcript from spacecraft recovered 129º W, 29º N by USS Delaware,
1930 hours, June 15th, 2023.

Transcript as follows: -- 

To the people of conviction on Earth, the people of conscience, those who crave a peaceful future. I bring a warning to your world.
Know now that you are not alone. We are your nearest neighbours, and there are those amongst us who have looked with desire upon your blue island sphere. Your bountiful planet, with its ribbons of life affirming water running to your pounding oceans, its minerals hugged deep to its breast, its air like a translucent shell protecting the nascent life within. But your people? I say if you have faith, pray to Domah, to God, for your people. They are undesired, they are not coveted, they are a mere itching bug found within a comfortable bed. Therein lies your peril.
But, I hear you say, our waters are tainted, our air polluted and harsh, the planet warming day by day, bringing great storms and floods here, deadly droughts there, our precious ice-caps in danger of melting and inundating half the world, hurricanes and disease bringing death and destruction. What use could another race, another species, have for long suffering Earth, its very pores and lungs clogged and wheezing? Ah my friends, you have not seen this world.
Our masters do not listen when the scientists tell them the planet is heating, the climate is changing. They are deaf to the cries of the prophets that ring out around our world. But our home shakes and shudders, convulses and sweats and shivers. Global warming is close to being a runaway system and it will be many centuries before its ravages abate on our world. Those who hold us in thrall think only of wealth and power, use up all our futures, spend them in waste and want.
But who are they, and who am I that must cry alarm over the great distance,  the gulf of night that separates us? First, let me tell you of our world. The Earth and my home are much alike, separated at the births of our respective suns to grow apart and unable until now to communicate. There are those amongst us who say this is not coincidence, that it is part of Domah’s plan. I have no such faith, or at least, only in my most despairing hours, and there have been many, too many to tell in this brief exchange.
We have been aware of your presence for many decades. Sixty years or so ago, we detected the carrier waves of your television broadcasts and the radar signals of what turned out to be your ballistic missile Early Warning Systems falling on our numerous receivers, our many ears, as our astronomers listened to the songs of the stars and wondered as you have wondered if we were alone. 
We have sent probes, to us conventionally powered with fission and matter-antimatter engines, long voyages with more than eight year waits for their information, for your secrets. From these we learnt your languages, felt your desires, hopes and ambitions, studied your day to day lives, your reality, your dreams. I say we know you but you do not know us, you do not know yet what to fear, and how great that fear must be. And we are close!
So close it is only ignorance that has kept us apart, it is only lack of the proper tools. In my language, the name of our planet is Charos. Our sun you call Alpha Centauri-A, in your terms, about four light years from Earth. At the moment we are the closest star to you. Eighty thousand years from now that will no longer be true as our respective stars follow their dance around the galaxy and drift apart, but it is the present that concerns us and for now we are neighbours.
We know with your present level of astronomy you have detected several thousand exoplanets and it is only chance that you have not detected Charos. After all, the cosmos does not give up its secrets easily. You have not detected us through direct imaging - looking for a Jupiter sized planet would be like looking for one of your football fields on your Mt Everest, while looking for an Earth sized planet would be like looking for one of your tiny red spiders on that same mountain. Other methods, such as astrometric - looking at a star’s movement to see if there is a planet tugging on it; doppler spectroscopy - the shifting of light to the blue or red depending on whether  the star is moving towards or away from you; transit method - where about one per cent of stars will line up on edge with Earth and planets can be detected as the light dims by a small percentage; microlensing - where you stare at a background star and if something passes between you and the star the light bends and the background star brightens. Despite all of these techniques we have remained hidden and we believe it is only future technology, such as your planned Wide Field Infra-Red Survey star-shade telescope, or the yet to be built Square Kilometre Array radio telescope network that may bring our troubled home to your attention. So as I say, it is chance we have not been discovered, and chance that throws us so close together. But what more can I tell you of my Charos, what needs to be told? 

Charos is so like the Earth, used to be so like the Earth, I almost begin to believe those that would put their trust in Domah are right. We are a water planet, seventy five per cent, a cool blue-green sphere seen from beyond the arms of gravity, orbiting high above our turbulent lives. A tilt of eighteen degrees in our axis gives us seasons, not as harsh as those on Earth it is true, but harsh enough. There are five continents, numerous islands, ninety seven different races and many languages. Not as many as Earth, but we have easily spilled as much blood, given ourselves over time and again to war, atrocities, persecution. We have found many ways, reasons to kill. You see my friends? Are we not alike? But we have learned little, while you might yet have hope. But I must resist digression. I must tell you what you need to know, your time, our time, grows ever shorter.
We are larger than Earth, a little. You would, should you walk upon our shores and fields,  find the greater gravity a burden to begin with. Total population of Charos - about nine billion. Too many! Despite the history of wars, poverty, starvation, our populations increase. We have many industrial and agricultural artifices, but we still struggle to sustain so many people. Many go without even the essentials of adequate daily nourishment and other necessities.
But so many separate souls, how do I begin to describe the details of our daily lives? To talk of what we dream at night, of what inspires us? It is hard to know what to say in so brief a message, this historic communication is, as I have said, intended as a warning, but I have been allowed some licence by my colleagues, so I will say what I believe is needed.
Ours in not a world of darkness, but a world of light, a world of pale reflections. When the sun sets, great Kata rises in the sky, our second sun - to your astronomers, Alpha  Centauri-B, at a distance of twenty three Astronomical Units from our sun. At night, our planet is lit as if a solar eclipse was occurring during the day, but as some of your scientists have speculated, Alpha Centauri-B, Kata, is far enough away for planets to have developed around Alpha Centauri-A.
Our literatures, our songs, our myths, are not full of a frightening blackness, but twilight, a time of shadows, of half truths, of ill-illuminated lies. You would think that a world that was bathed in a constant affluence of light would lay open its deeds and conflicts for all to see. Not so. We are a secretive race, our ancestors praying for cover of cloud so that great Kata might not reveal their misconducts,  their treacheries and bloody schemes. We have learned to conceal our inner selves from that incessant light.
Then there is Tokata, brother of Kata, a bright blood spot in the sky - to you the red dwarf star, Proxima Centauri. We know you have discovered the rocky world orbiting Tokata and speculated on whether it has any life. Unfortunately, it is a deadly, hostile world. Tokata gives off great bursts of solar flares that blast the planet you called Proxima Centauri-B, making it unfit for habitation. We have explored it with robotic probes but no peopled landing has been attempted there. Tokata was once worshipped as the God of War by ancient civilizations, as was your sister planet, Mars. It is there now in the sky as I write, like a red beacon, a flag of warning hoisted against the brilliance of Kata, a warning that has not been heeded, that is frustrated by that ever present second sun, that large uncompromising star.
We have other planets in our solar system, six in all - all metallic, including Charos, and several moons orbiting these various worlds. We have explored all these worlds and moons, with probes, with robots, with people. None are fit for habitation and none are practical for exploitation of resources, their climates and conditions so adverse even our technology would not suffice. Only Charos, like Earth, is a happy set of coincidental circumstances - just the right distance from the sun - eighty nine million of your miles - just the right size, a comfortable elliptical orbit - a journey of four hundred days a year. All things in precarious balance and harmony to sustain the creation, the emergence of intelligent life. So here we are, marooned upon our long suffering planet, turning to avarice, indeed theft, to solve our multiple problems. 
And what are we like? How would we appear to you? We are humanoid in appearance, opposable thumbs, dextrous hands and fingers, faces that vary of course with our different races, but that are generally of a more obvious oval nature than your own, with a high cranium and eyes about twice the size of yours. We have retained a small amount of body hair, particularly on the heads and faces of males, but we are not as hirsute as the men of earth. We are longer lived than you, with average life expectancy for the more affluent and healthy at one hundred and sixty years. We give birth to our young similar to your mammalian way. It is our belief that the genetic differences between your species and ours may not be that great, that this suggests a homogeneity of life amongst the stars - a subject that could easily fill this communication and many more besides.
I believe that if we met face to face you would not consider us so unusual as to appear utterly alien, but more like a race from your own world, previously undiscovered. Only the Creethum would strike you with their other-worldliness. They are an island race out of contact with the rest of Charos until about one thousand years ago. We have black populations, there are swarthy skinned and pale races. But be assured, we have racial prejudice, indeed, in many parts of Charos the current regime is founded upon it, and across the span of years millions have died because of it. Still, what is in a colour? Are we born with the knowledge of our differences? We all live and love, sleep and dream,  struggle and hope, age and die. As I have said, we have learned little but suffered much.
But how can dry information - the speed of our planet’s rotation, its diameter, annual  rainfalls, strength of magnetic field, isothermal fluctuations, ozone depreciation - convey what the experience of being here is like, to breathe the air of another world, see its sights, taste its waters, feel the swell of its great oceans?
Let me indulge myself for a moment. When I was a child, my family went in Lorias season, summer, to the great Kregias mountains in the north of my country. We stood upon a cliff-top at sunset and looked down into Sa Ula Ah Gyla, the Valley of Light. The air was still and cool, the sweet smell of calfias, a vivid purple alpine flower, hanging in the air like a thick invisible mist. In that spot, at that time of year, the sun sets right into the far mouth of the valley, painting myriad hues and shades across the variegated stone that makes up the great walls falling thousands of feet to the floor below. Then, just before the sun is completely gone, the last rays strike the ryla crystals imbedded all through the walls of the valley. As the last drop of sun touches each crystal it gives off a flash of bluish-white light. It is as if an entire galaxy of stars is being born, living and flaring out of existence in that darkening valley, a brilliant shower of light cascading down. Then, when the sun is gone, Kata is there, making black ghosts of the surrounding peaks, dark giants looking down with disdain on we who dare to behold such beauty.
But Charos has its malevolent touch, interwoven with the fading glory of a once elegant world. When I was a young man I was in a province of Elera, the northern most country of a continent that lies below the equator. The province had been strip-mined on a vast scale, great tracts of arable land denuded and then abandoned when the ore became scarce and uneconomical to recover. The people of  the province were moved to an area in the south of Elera, little better than a desert, a scarred, arid plain that resisted the best attempts at cultivation. Not long after the relocation, the crops failed on a massive scale, there was famine and over two million people were starving.
They came to the nearby towns in search of salvation, but none was afforded. Outside one of these towns, in one of their pitiful encampments, I walked among them as they lay, listless and skeletal in the red dust, the air filled with the crying of hungry infants and the moans of the dying. I stopped in front of one man - there was some quality about him, I don’t know exactly what, some kind of nobility in his expression, a subtle defiance as death began to claim him - I looked into his eyes, calm eyes, I with the well fed flesh on my bones and the sustenance of the elite running through my veins. His gaze held mine and seemed to say - “why do I die while you live? Why is the world thus?” - I walked on. I turned my back and walked on.
I felt guilt, shame. Despair that suffering on such a scale could prevail unopposed. And none would dare oppose, for this was the work of Sa Jatah - The All, The Everyone, the masters of Charos. I will tell you of Sa Jatah. Time and space do not allow a full history of our world as this may be the only possible communication, but let me spare a few words to take you back in time, to when the present order was born, when Sa Jatah first reached out with its cold hand and grasped our civilization.
About four hundred years ago, certain countries on Charos underwent what you would call an Industrial Revolution. Great factories, powerful machines began to flourish, to transform our cities and landscapes and those countries that had these means began to prosper. It was also a time of exploration of the world, of discovery and conquest, of great ships that went to every corner of  Charos. As a result of these breakthroughs and expanding trade, two great empires began to flourish.
In the Eastern hemisphere was the great continental empire of Tolmara, one nation formed from the annexation of many. In the Western hemisphere was another great agglomeration of acquired and absorbed nations, the mighty Altorum empire. The establishment of these two dynasties was forged largely in the fires of innumerable small wars, fought over territory, trade and resources, but at this stage Tolmara and Altorum, though they had often regarded each other across the diminishing world with bared teeth and snarling political rhetoric, had not openly engaged in conflict on any large scale.
The discovery of oil and the subsequent invention of the combustion engine two hundred years ago changed all that. As on your world, oil quickly became the life blood of our economies and fifty years after its common use there was a great scramble to claim and hold oil rich territories. This led to the first open conflict between Tolmara and Altorum, a war no-one living endured but known and remembered in our language as Sa Mara - The Sorrow - a nine year protraction of slaughter that neither side could win as hundreds of thousands would die to hold oil territories that a season later would fall to the enemy’s hands. At length, with their economies collapsing and growing unrest from their long suffering populations, Tolmara and Altorum sued for peace.
But the war had changed everything, the people would no longer tolerate their former autocratic rulers who had cost them their brothers, their sisters, sons and daughters, mothers and fathers. In Altorum the leadership was overthrown and a system of democracy set in place. But Tolmara was not so fortunate. There Sa Jatah rose out of the disorder and took power. In a few short and bloody years it subdued any resistance, reorganised the empire, gave no credence to democratic principles and declared Altorum to be the unforgiven enemy.
Fifty years of threatened terror ensued. The Tolmaran empire began from day one to prepare anew for its overthrow of Altorum, dedicating its not insubstantial resources to the invention of ever more deadly engines of war. The atom was split, in both Tolmara and Altorum, its secrets began to unfold and were quickly handed over to those who in their hearts still worshipped Tokata, the God of War. Tolmara detonated the first atomic weapon and Altorum, putting aside its petty and dangerous internal squabbles, followed, and both empires began to race towards annihilation, dedicating their economies, their resources to the creation of more powerful, more astringent nuclear devices.  
At this time Sa Jatah was headed by its founder, Kragar Strahger, a bitter man whose father and brother had been killed in the war. Kragar Strahger had an unyielding hatred of all things Altorum, a black desire in his mind to destroy those who had destroyed his family. It is said he awoke one morning and described to his personal servant an inspirational dream. 
In  this dream, he stood atop a high mountain with all the peoples of Charos before him, praising his name while if he so wished, with a mere wave of his hand, he could cause the ground to quake, the seas to rise and the stars themselves to go out. That very day he proclaimed Altorum could no longer be tolerated - he declared war. This was the beginning of what came to be called, Kreth Ah Domah - the Storm of God.
The conflict lasted less than three seasons, not even a year. The war escalated in that short space of time to an all out conflagration, only Tolmara or Altorum would remain. In the last eight days of the war Tolmaran nuclear missiles rained down as if Kragar Strahger was indeed commanding the stars and comets of the sky to fall upon his enemies. Fifteen Altorum cities were obliterated from the face of Charos.
The rulers of Altorum bickered amongst themselves as to whether they should launch their own missiles. Fortunately for Charos, wise heads prevailed, and the Altorum government was persuaded by their chief scientists, that a counter strike would bring more retaliation in a never-ending spiral of destruction that would see Tolmara and Altorum eventually launch all of their many thousands of nuclear weapons. This would cause a Nuclear Winter effect that would darken the skies for between twenty and thirty years. All crops would fail, all livestock would die, nine billion people would starve to death and only a few thousand survivors would remain - perhaps enough to repopulate the planet, perhaps not. Civilization across all continents would be destroyed and all races of Charos, no matter how isolated or uninvolved, would likely become extinct. To save the species, the Altorum rulers surrendered and Tolmara, victorious, invaded. 
Kreth Ah Domah - the words are still spoken with awe, with a wonder that such a fury could have been raised. You have not been so damned. At least, not as yet. What separates us is your turning back from the abyss at the last moment, the restraint of your passions. We had no such reprieve and the words, Kreth Ah Domah, have haunted me from the time I could first understand their meaning, the horror of those days carved like an inscription on a tomb into my mind, into all our minds, across the generations.
From there the history is simple. Those independent countries that remained on Charos were reeling from the effects of the war. The loss of trade, famines, the foundering of their economies. Kragar Strahger gave them no quarter and pressed on with his great ambition to stand upon that phantom mountain of triumph. Each remaining nation fell, unable to function in the devastated world, unable to resist the threat of Kreth Ah Domah, the might of Sa Jatah.
Sa Jatah began to grow, to mature, to strengthen its grip and ingrain itself on the slowly recovering world. It established its control over every country of Charos and forcibly united our world under its banner. So it has been for a century. Sa Jatah reigns supreme. Controlling Sa Jatah is Sa Intrium Mantah - literally The Council Wise. The irony of that name! For as our dissident poet, Seetha Crado, has said - “If wisdom is the wine of experience, freedom is the bottle, the one contains the other.” There is no freedom, there is no wisdom. There is much to speak of in regard to Sa Intrium Mantah, but let me tell you more of the entity that is Sa Jatah.
Though the name means The All, only about forty per cent of the population are members. To join you must be approved  by three people who are already members. Although some succeed in life and career without membership, many try to join at one time or another as it is the fastest way to prosper on our world. There is little Sa Jatah does not control or influence. Those that do not, or cannot join, often live lives of servitude and struggle. They are servants, lowly officials, small traders, the city dwellers who can still put food on the table and a roof over their heads. They are the aspirants to the privilege of Sa Jatah. Then there are Sa Jatah members themselves, divided into varying levels of elitism. Our authorities, our justice committees, the military - all Sa Jatah members - they are the legs of the animal, they enable it to stand, to tower over the morass of lives below. 
Its body is the intelligentsia, those born into money and privilege, the protection and power of Sa Jatah. Most of them come from around five thousand or so families who have risen to prominence over the last hundred years. Although it is not official policy or law, the sons and daughters of the Great Families inherit positions of authority and control. They sit on city committees, judge criminals, organise a hundred different community groups whose purpose in the end is to maintain the status quo, to keep the seeds of power from falling into the coarse soil of the many, to see that its flowers bloom only in the well-walled gardens of the few. They are the educated elite, but they have the least reason of all to change anything, to shift even one stone on the surface of Charos.
Then there are the arms and hands of the creature, the means by which it holds the chains that bind us all. Sa Tahgus Ah Vara Mantah - literally - The Instrument of Law Wise - the secret police, the very essence of The Council’s power, the teeth of Sa Jatah, and what ragged and bloodied teeth they are. They carry out all policing functions in our society, both overt and covert. They are Sa Jatah’s greatest asset in ensuring that things remain as they are. There is little means of redress against any injustice they care to perpetrate. You can hear their name spoken in a breath of fear throughout the world, simply referred to as Sa Tahgus - The Instrument. 
Then there is the head,  the mind, the heart, the soul of the beast - Sa Intrium Mantah - The Council Wise. It is composed of ten men, each with their own not insubstantial portion of power, but I will tell you now only of the leader of The Council, the unelected leader of our world, our nemesis - Creto Strahger. 
He is the son of Kragar Strahger and like his father before him, a man of no pity, no remorse, no conscience. He has a wife, so perhaps he is capable of some kind of love, who can say? His is seventy four years old, mature by your standards, not so old by ours. The memories of his crimes and cruelties cling to him like an encrusted skin, he is like a Shilom that cannot shed, nor would he want to. The power of life and death over all he surveys has been an elixir of youth to his dark blooded veins, he is a tyrants’ tyrant, blessed without fear of the consequences of expediency. He is loathed, feared, but also revered and praised. The children at school are taught to call him Sa Gyla Ah Kata - The Light of Kata, their second sun, their second father. But in the houses of the poor and oppressed, he has another name - Sa Harla Ah Kiel - The Bringer of Grief.
But you have your own share of despots and injustice, of war and atrocities. What  bearing could the dreams of Creto Strahger have upon your world, what matter could it be that he sits of a winter evening with a glass of Agali wine before him and imagines the blue skies of Earth? Let me tell you more of Charos that you might understand.
After the invention of the atomic bomb came atomic power. Tolmara eventually developed fast breeder reactors in every corner of the world, to create cheap energy and to build up a vast storehouse of plutonium and thence to build up a vast storehouse of nuclear weapons. Tolmara had claimed the world and its intention was to keep it. These nuclear power stations were built with scant regard for safety, accidents have been many. The build up of radioactivity in the atmosphere, in the soil, the water, has been constant and alarming, radioactively induced cancers are common. Our children suffer the “sins of the fathers” as will their children. Life expectancy has fallen on average by ten years.
But we have other pollution problems. We have no regulatory bodies to monitor such things as industrial waste, industrial safety. There is no watcher at the gate. Toxic chemical wastes have destroyed many of our rivers, in some cases, whole eco-systems. The acidity of our rain in some parts of the planet can produce blisters on unprotected skin. Global warming has been unrestrained over the past hundred years and our polar ice caps are beginning to melt, sea levels are rising, crops fail in one part of the world, overpopulations of insects destroy them somewhere else. Drought strikes in one country, powerful hurricanes sweep across another, great forest fires rage, unable to be doused.
Although our vehicles are now almost all electric powered out of sheer necessity due to depletion of oil reserves, great smokestacks still spike the sky, spewing forth plumes of grey and yellow poison. In our larger cities, there are days when it is not possible to venture out of doors without some form of breathing protection.
But is Sa Jatah run by fools? Are they so determined to foul their own nest they would make themselves extinct? Not so. Some have tried to warn, they have not been well received, they have suffered for their forthrightness. You must remember, Sa Jatah, and The Council, the wealthy and privileged, are the last to suffer any inconvenience from a dying world. They live lives of protected and pampered luxury. What care should they have that a thousand species have ceased to exist in the last year, that a famine in a distant part of the world has taken ten thousand lives? But as I have said, they are not fools, they may execute the messenger with ill tidings but they read the message, they understand.
So what is the solution? The solution is Earth. Creto Strahger intends to take your world, to disinherit it of the human species and make it a new home for the faithful of Charos. Sa Jatah must expand, must conquer, must find its sustenance of power elsewhere when Charos can no longer provide. When the conquest of this world has been achieved, what can remain but the conquest of other worlds? You are chosen, you are within reach. You are already the enemy of Sa Jatah, the desire of The Council. You are to be the instrument of Creto Strahger’s immortalisation, his elevation to deity - the first to rule not one world, but two, to reach out and take from eternity, steal from the stars.
But you ask, how can this be? Do we have a military so mighty we can overcome an entire planet? We will. Oh yes, we will, as assuredly as Kata will rise beside the sun in the blue skies of a summer’s day. Our level of technology is well in advance of your own. In the last fifty years our scientists have been steadily drawing back the layers of the Universe, seeking the seeds within of ultimate knowledge, and thence, ultimate control. They have come close, so close they can taste the meaning of the Cosmos on the tips of their tongues. This plea to you demonstrates our gains, that the vast wall of cold night that stands between the stars has been breached.
In the next few years Strahger intends to convert Charos into a factory of war. All our resources, our will, shall be bent to creating a great fleet to cross the vast expanse, to conquer Earth, to kill, destroy, enslave. This is the dream with which Strahger will inspire and ignite the passions of The Council and Sa Desia - The People. And it could be done! Do not doubt it! Do not cease to prepare! Should I and my compatriots fail you will be forced to fight for your future, for our future. 
So who are we, and what can be done to quench this madman’s fiery dream? We call ourselves, Sa Domari, - The Free. We appreciate the ironic optimism of our name, of its feeble light against the dark oppression that has reigned this century past. We have a motto, indeed, a rallying call. Lo Domari - to be free. Such is our un-extinguished hope - Lo, to be, Domari, free, freedom. For is not the desire to be free as old as this rough Universe itself?
We are a worldwide resistance movement, dedicated to the eventual overthrow of Sa Jatah, the establishment of democracy, the founding of justice. I can say little of how we operate lest this communication should fall into the hands of Sa Tahgus. We are as yet few in numbers, but those numbers are growing and we have our strengths, not the least of which is our resolve. Suffice to say we do have a plan to save your world, and perhaps ours, from this most corrupt dream of Creto Strahger, to shatter his ambition into the thousand pieces of avarice from which it was constructed. We will not divulge that plan here, for discovery is failure and we must not fail.
The first part of the operation is to deliver this message to your world. I pray that those of you who discover it share our ideals and aims, that this touching of mind to mind across the abyss is the first step to a better tomorrow for us all. I trust that you will receive my greeting in the spirit of hope in which it is sent, that you will heed my warning so that tyranny may not prevail. Let not the end of our loneliness in the vast black sea with its distant lighthouse stars be the cause for sorrow, let us unite in common purpose and in that unity find victory. 
Would that I could say more, would that I could look into your eyes that you might see how earnest is our intent, but my time grows short. I have had little opportunity to dwell on the significance of this communication, of the first tentative hand reaching across cold space to touch another species. Is it then not the tragedy of my species, of yours, indeed unsurprising, that its purpose should be to give warning of war? War! Two thousand years ago, our philosopher Maro said: “War is the child of delusion.” Let us then be clear of mind, let us see ourselves as we really are, let us give birth to a companionship within the void forged in peace.
I cannot tell you my name. Perhaps in the future your world will know, perhaps also mine. Perhaps I will appear in the histories to come as simply a seeker of a better world, a man who threw a stone into a pool of deceit and let loose a few ripples of truth. Know of our determination. Not one of us is afraid to die, or as we say in our tongue, “ar bardur” - “to go through the gate.” But I must now bring this first part of our communication to a close. Time and space do not allow us to do justice to the significance of this event, to say all that could be said.
I will now hand you over to the director of our military operations. He will give you the details of what is known of the campaign planned against your world, the details of your danger. Farewell for the present.
*
EAIC Sigint B975-23 Continued:
Greetings. In our language - Ar Tah - which means go well, go fine, go good. An informal salutation, a greeting between friends. I am a man of a military background, I have not the eloquence of our leader, his dexterity with your language. But I am honoured to be among the first to communicate across the heavens. I wish it were not under such circumstances. Many argued long and hard for this honour, but in the end as it concerned military matters, it has fallen with reluctance from my colleagues to me. As the commander of the military wing of Sa Domari I echo our leader’s sentiments, the sadness that such a momentous correspondence should bring only tidings of danger, of the possibility of war.
But what are the facts? How great is that danger, what is the level of threat? From the information we have seen it is our belief that Strahger’s intention to subdue Earth by military force could well be successful. Consider the circumstances should your entire planet, its populations and resources, be given over to the pursuit of war, consider what might be achieved and you will begin to grasp the scope of Strahger’s scheme. Let me sketch in some more detail for you of how this situation arose.
Although the technological civilizations on Earth were discovered just over sixty years ago, The Council at the time was content to let Earth be and had no desire to establish contact with what in their eyes could at some stage become a threat. Secrecy was the order of the day. Knowledge of Earth was kept hidden from the general populace and The Council concentrated our Space Programme on exploration of our own solar system. By then our nearby and outlying planets and their satellites had been studied to a significant degree using craft powered by metallic hydrogen, which allowed them to travel at about twenty per cent of light speed. These vehicles were mostly constructed in orbit using Space Elevators.
 As your scientists will be aware, this technology is not much more than cables running from the planet to a space station in geo-synchronous orbit by which means goods and equipment can be easily transported between the surface and the space station. While we know Space Elevators are theoretical on your world, I can assure you we have established and used the technology on Charos for many years and ground launches are seldom necessary. As has been mentioned, the economics and dangers involved in using the other planets of our system for settlement or resources is not an option, they are extremely hostile worlds. Only Charos’s moon, Jota, an airless, barren satellite, much like your own, has been extensively mined, with simple cargo vessels combining with Space Elevators to make the three hundred thousand kilometre journey.
But our scientists did not rest with these achievements, they looked with curiosity as you look, beyond the solar system, contemplated deep space and how it might be crossed. About twenty five years ago a breakthrough occurred. We developed a practical fission and matter- antimatter drive which was deployed in space flight in a very short time as The Council considered this technological marvel to be worthy of substantial funding. To Creto Strahger the potential of this new technology was obvious, already his thoughts were turning to Earth, to what advantages might be realised, what might be found on that distant world. Even more funding was approved and five years later the first probe began its journey to Earth, travelling by virtue of the new propulsion system at almost ninety five per cent of light speed. More than eight years later what great excitement, what a sense of triumph and wonder there was when the first data reached us, confirming the existence of another civilization in the vast black, lonely cavern of space.
Once again all of this data was kept secret from all but those working on the project. Strahger was intrigued - an entire planet with a level of technology far below our own, perhaps almost within reach. Soon probes were being sent at the rate of one a year, and Strahger learned from these all he could about Earth. It was then that he decided Earth should be his grand prize, that Earth could ameliorate the ravages that had stricken Charos. Earth could be used to ease the burden of climate change and other calamities besetting Charos, and he would rule not one world, not one species, but two. Power and redemption lay within his grasp. But how to take Earth, even with the level of technology we had achieved, how to send on a four to five year journey a military force sufficient to subdue an entire planet?
Luck was with Strahger, luck and will. The money The Council had been pouring into the Space Programme bore fruit. Seven years ago our physicists and engineers succeeded in creating in laboratory conditions a drive that could move a craft faster than the speed of light. They called this drive, Lieth Ah Domah, - The Breath of God. But it was our great scientist and engineer, Magla Drados, who found the key all had been searching for, the key that would unlock the door to the stars. He was not a young man by that stage, little more was expected of him in his lifetime, but he surprised all. In solitude and with determination, he took what had been discovered of the Lieth Ah Domah drive and showed how it could be harnessed for a practical propulsion unit. His research and design were given to the Space Programme and based on his work, over the next few years, a full sized prototype Lieth Ah Domah  faster than light drive was developed.
An un-crewed vessel was constructed using this drive system. This craft was to travel to Earth to test the new drive, carry out the usual mission of our regular probes and then return to Charos. However, members of Sa Domari who had infiltrated the project were able to secretly reprogram certain aspects of the ship’s computer system, instructing it to report a malfunction and make a descent into Earth’s atmosphere instead of orbiting.
If all has gone according to plan, you are now in possession of that vehicle. Exactly how we achieved the feat of delivering it into your hands can wait for another day, a day of peace perhaps. Suffice to say, on Charos it will be considered that the malfunction caused the craft’s orbit to decay and that it burnt up upon entry into Earth’s atmosphere. The loss of the probe will be a blow to our Space Programme but this will be more than offset by the triumphant knowledge that the Lieth Ah Domah drive worked and that the first faster than light journey has been made. Strahger will not be pleased to hear the probe was destroyed but this will not deter the overall thrust of his plans for Earth. We have learned the general nature of these plans and I will tell you as much as we know. 
If the Lieth Ah Domah  drive is successful, the presence of Earth will finally be publicly revealed, not as the most significant discovery in our history, but as a deadly threat. From that moment on Charos will be put on a war footing. Earth will be declared an enemy, but at the same time held out to our long suffering people as a promising possibility, a foe that must be pre-emptively subdued, but also as a prize that Charos deserves to claim.
Next, a second ship using the Lieth Ah Domah drive has been constructed. Its purpose is to make the journey to Earth and back carrying a crew of three to test the effects of faster than light travel on a crewed spaceflight. Then, if that succeeds, the factories and industries of Charos are to be turned to the intention of war. Fifty great spacecraft are to be constructed in orbit, each one powered by the Lieth Ah Domah drive. They will be large - twice the size of your largest aircraft carriers, each carrying a crew of about twelve thousand. Forty of them will be armed with multiple warhead nuclear missiles. 
These craft will journey to Earth and take up position in orbit. Ten of the ships will actively orbit the Earth seeking out and destroying with lasers your military, navigation and telecommunication satellites. Then, without warning, a limited nuclear bombardment will begin. The first detonations will be large yield, high atmospheric bursts above your major cities, industrial and military sites, designed to generate massive Electro-Magnetic Pulses that will destroy the electronic functioning of your communications, computer and transport systems. Conventional and lower yield nuclear weapons will target your own nuclear missiles in their silos and bunkers in order to negate any attempt at defence. 
With your satellite systems and radar stations destroyed, a nuclear counter strike seems unlikely, but what retaliation there might be, from submarine based missiles for example, will have scant chance of success. The spacecraft will be armed with anti-ballistic missile lasers capable of destroying ten independent targets per second, plus the outer hulls of these craft will be extremely strong - we estimate that any significant nuclear detonation more than a mile from the craft would cause little damage.
The necessity to control the intensity of the bombardment is due to the desire to limit the ensuing Nuclear Winter effect. Once  the material released from the explosions reaches the upper atmosphere we estimate a period of about three of your months where sunlight will be substantially reduced. With the subsequent failure of crops and destruction of eco-systems, it is calculated this will be a not insignificant factor in the subjugation of the remaining populations. However, it is the third phase of the bombardment that contains the greatest peril for Earth. Let me explain the background to this threat.
In the past, some of the probes sent to Earth were able to tap undetected into your telecommunications satellites and link up with unrestricted, minimally secure computer databases in research institutions, libraries and universities. Much was learned about your scientific developments in this manner, including information on human genetics and Earth viruses. From this data and comparisons and contrasts with our own advanced genetics and virology knowledge, our scientists have developed a biological weapon - an aerobically transmitted virus.
The fleet of spacecraft will also be carrying missiles fitted with warheads containing this biological weapon. The virus was forcibly tested on political prisoners on Charos and as death occurs within three days of contamination, what those experiments must have been like I will leave to your imaginations. Although the virus has not been tested on any human subject, from what has been reported to us, the scientists who developed it believe their understanding of human biology and genetics will ensure its effectiveness and that the incidence of infection in your populations upon contact will be in the vicinity of ninety seven to ninety eight per cent.
During the experiments on political prisoners, a succession of vaccines were trialled and after many cruel deaths a vaccine was indeed found that is one hundred per cent reliable against the deadly disease. All Charos crews making the journey to Earth will be inoculated ensuring that the virus is only a danger to its intended human victims. We believe it is unlikely you will be able to develop your own vaccine during the brief period it will take the virus to spread throughout Earth once the missiles have been targeted on remaining dense population areas. Although this scenario is grim, we do have people with expert knowledge working with us on the problem.
You see by now the scale of Creto Strahger’s and his followers indifference to human life - if Earth can be taken, it will be taken, no matter the cost. Do not expect voices to be raised in protest at this vast scheme, remember, we are one world, dissent is not tolerated. What The Council commands into being, shall be, the true depth and scope of their plans hidden from the common people of  Charos. And if this pursuit of conquest should cause suffering, even death upon our world, what care should Sa Jatah have? People are our most replaceable commodity.
But of course there is more. Once the virus has decimated your populations, crewed landing craft will be sent to the planet’s surface to establish initial bases. From these bases and from orbit, military Space Elevators, designed for rapid deployment, will be constructed. At this point, I must tell you of another of our technological advances that has been developed alongside our faster than light capability.
Before the Lieth Ah Domah drive was proved practical it was postulated that an asteroid could be captured, hollowed out and adapted for long distance space flight using our conventional nuclear fission and matter-anti matter drive, a self contained world that could maintain life over the great period of time required to cross interstellar space. This project was taken to the point where a large, eight kilometre long asteroid was indeed captured, successfully hollowed out and a sustainable atmosphere established within it. This great craft is now intended to be fitted with the Lieth Ah Domah technology.
Once the Earth has been subdued by the nuclear and biological bombardment, the asteroid ship will be used as an ark to transport from Charos two million troops and their materiel. They will be ferried to Earth’s surface using the Space Elevators and establish more permanent, well defended bases. The ark and the other ships will then shuttle between Charos and Earth, bringing in total over five million troops and their military equipment. We believe such a force, with their technological advantages, will be sufficient to suppress whatever resistance may remain anywhere on the planet.
After this substantial military presence has been established, the long term plan of Strahger comes into play. The ark and the other ships will begin making regular trips to and from  Charos. It is planned to relocate two billion people from Charos to create a new population for Earth, the new inhabitants, owners - tyrants - of the Earth. Those remaining from the human race who are considered extraneous will be systematically exterminated, those considered useful will be enslaved. Whatever you might have become, whatever dreams may have sustained you, will be buried on the battlefield.

I wish I knew whom I was addressing, so distant, so separated by the harsh extremities of space. Then perhaps I could better choose the words needed to convince you of the danger. As I have stated, the entire resources of our world will be given over to this enterprise. All the calculations we have made, taking into account the expendability of the Charos populations, demonstrate that these plans could be brought to fruition. 
If these are the first tidings you have received out of the deep, they are bleak indeed, but despite that there is cause for hope. Rest assured that we of Sa Domari will do everything within our power to see that Creto Strahger’s dream, born of cruel instinct and imperious desire, is scattered before the light of day. With this warning in your hands Strahger will lose the element of surprise and you will have the opportunity to study some of our most advanced technologies.
Both of these factors we hope will be instrumental in helping you to prepare a defensive strategy. Besides these advantages, it is hoped you will soon receive a second, more dramatic communication from us, the nature of which it has been decided should remain secret for now lest this message falls into the hands of Sa Tahgus and The Council. Consider also the words of the great Tolmaran General, Philo, who in a campaign eight hundred years ago stood vastly outnumbered. His surrender demanded, Philo replied - “the battle must be waged before the victor is known.” Philo won.
Now I must conclude. Though we end our millions of years of loneliness as species with thoughts of war, I believe we should all take heart. Strahger, The Council and Sa Jatah rule by fear, but the will to freedom can often bind fear, making victory possible. We are few as yet, but we are determined, we have bound our fear. For now, Ar Nosa, go in good health, farewell. May Domah grant us triumph.

EAIC Sigint B975-23 Continued:  
Ah tah. Greetings once again. My compatriot has sketched out the danger, and this communication returns to my hand for the final word. You have time, a little. Even with the full resources of Charos turned to this folly it will take by our calculations at least five years before the fleet is constructed and ready to attack Earth. As I have already said, I am not a man of faith and I shall not depend on the power of prayer, for did not great Maro, our ancient philosopher, foresee our plight when he said; “prayer is the last sanctuary of the defeated?”
But perhaps I speak too soon. We still have hope, we still have cunning, and as our military commander has put it, the will to freedom. But you must hear us! you must understand. Let reason combined with hope and determination be your guide, our guide. Let this hand that has reached across unforgiving night touch your souls in the spirit of peace and freedom. I leave you now with the ritual farewell given to soldiers about to embark for battle -  Ar nosa cra tah - go in good health and fight well. Farewell my friends. Lo Domari!

*  *  *
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter One

Six weeks earlier ...

The last words of Alvo Thoria’s warning sat black and still on the page, small, insignificant, looking insubstantial compared to the task they were undertaking. Farewell my friends. Alvo stroked his chin and sighed. Friends. It was a bold claim to make. He looked out across the cityscape of Strahgervand, his serious face half reflected in the window. The lights of the city burned in defiance of great Kata, low on the horizon, swimming and dazzling in the pollution haze. Deep shadows from the great dome topped towers fell across the sculpture of civilization, laying down a pattern of sharp angles, an intricate tangle of pale and dark grey.
A Maglev train slid silent below on its electromagnetic cushion, the faces of its passengers unseen from Alvo’s high window. He watched them go, wondered if they cared anything for the way their lives were shaped and shrouded by the ill-intent of their masters. Wondered how different they were from the peoples of Earth. It was one thing to send them a warning, but what would they make of it? What did he know of them save what he had seen and heard in the information Sa Domari had surreptitiously obtained from the probes? 
It was all diffuse and diluted, like listening through a wall to a subdued conversation. You could hear the intonation, the occasional word, you could gain the impression but not the essence. It was not the same as sitting down with a citizen of Earth, perhaps sharing a meal and having them tell the details of their day, of the minutia, the moments that defined their daily struggle. To see them smile, hear laughter over some ironic facet of existence, to share the knowledge that they too were intelligent creations of the universe, with hopes, fears, dreams and desires, that they were possessed of soul and conscience.
They could not be so different, surely? They would react as he would react when freedom and survival were threatened. They would fight! Fight and die, again and again. They would not accept defeat and domination. Or was that a misjudgement? Was he overestimating their ennobling virtues? After all, they had fought two world wars themselves, had once detonated atomic weapons on two cities, had fought nation to nation, within nations, committed genocide, perpetrated on a daily basis all manner of horrors upon their kindred, polluted and pillaged their planet. What, thought Alvo, if their leaders were as corrupt as his own?
If only he could speak to them himself, look into their eyes and see the resolution that they believed what he believed, see one smile of determination. He read once more the last words of the first true communication between two island worlds. Lo Domari. To be free. Great Domah! Was that too much to ask of the Universe? Would that he had Sa Arva Ah Domah - The Love for God - the ancient Tolmaran faith. But when he gazed into the cold night, the un-warming face of distant Kata, when he saw what had become of his world, his home, he felt only like a beggar picking through a garbage tip, looking for hope.
He stared at his own reflection for a moment and wondered was it just arrogance that led him to believe that he and his comrades could change the fortunes of not one world, but two. He considered he looked older than his sixty or so years, though he was by Charos standards still in his prime. Clean shaven, close cropped brown hair, a solid build. He was somewhat swarthy skinned, inherited from his grandfather on his mother’s side who migrated from the equatorial island of Esar to Tolmara years ago, before Sa Jatah came to be. The eyes were a little morose, lined with the accumulated experience of bearing witness to countless cruelties, with the experience of telling a thousand, thousand lies, of living a lie, of a constant subdued fear of discovery. 
Despite this there was a certain softness of expression about the face, tending it towards naivety, a face that could inspire trust when it so chose. The mouth was still firm though, set in a straight line of determination with a proud chin. He considered for a moment that he looked more like a farmer from Tolmara’s western plains, raising the silta grain on a burning, windswept landscape. Would he not have been happier with such a life? Instead of spending his days lying for Sa Jatah and then lying to Sa Jatah.
His father had advised him against the career in Sa Intrium Dra­ - The Council of Information - had wanted him to join the army of all things. Had reminisced about the days of conscription and combat action against those resisting the clutching hand of Sa Jatah in remote corners of Charos. But Alvo had not listened, he loved the feel of words flowing from his mind, seeing the faint luminescence of his thoughts as the words paraded down the holo-screen of his computer. It was a foregone conclusion in his own mind that he would work for Sa Intrium Dra, and when he emerged from Sa Intrius Ket - The Third School - his First Class medallion clutched in his hand, they were happy to have him. How young he had been! A mere twenty, but far younger in wisdom, far more ingenuous. 
He looked at the ghost in the glass and remembered the eagerness with which he had joined Sa Jatah - The All. The irony of that name! How proud he had been the day he was invited to join, a perfect complement to his job in Sa Intrium Dra. And he had believed! Believed in the unification of Charos, in the wisdom of Sa Intrium Mantah, in the words of Creto Strahger, and to his own shame, believed in his own superiority.
He could not say with certainty what had led him to this pass, to be in possession of the first communication to be sent to another world, its every word and sentence a mighty treachery to a philosophy he once embraced. He looked for the young idealist in the window’s half image, but he had ceased to be substantial long ago. He had started at Sa Intrium Dra full of fiery ambition and zeal. He would be the best, he would serve the citizens of Charos through the power of his words, his dedication.
His immediate work collective were mostly young like him, and at first he felt accepted. But it was not long before he had problems with his performance being continually called into question by the senior of the collective. At first he could not understand why, but one day the truth was revealed. The senior came in half drunk, a not uncommon occurrence, and gave Alvo a savage lambasting. For the first time Alvo challenged him, demanding an explanation as to why he was always so scathing. Bleary eyed, the senior had leered at him and Alvo never forgot the words he said. “You are dalah-epah ursan. That is all.”
Alvo had been stunned into silence, retreating to his work area and sitting with clenched fists, breathing hard. It had been a double insult. Dala  was a derogatory word for a person of colour, an epah was a small farm animal, prized for its meat but known mainly for the overpoweringly unpleasant stench of its excrement. Ursan was literally “not great,” small, insignificant. Colloquially and in the context the senior meant, the word also implied Alvo was not from one of the Great Families, was of inferior stock. It was not that Alvo had never encountered such prejudice before, he had as a child been subjected to the occasional taunt and bullying on account of his skin colour, and he had quickly become accustomed to the air of disdain that emanated from those he did encounter from the Great Families, but to be subjected to it in his workplace distressed and threatened him. Was this not the same senior who every morning led them in the Sa Jatah invocation from the Great Charter - “I am Sa Jatah, you are Sa Jatah, we are Sa Jatah. Unity is our strength. One purpose, one people, one world”?
When  Alvo was convinced the senior would live forever and eventually destroy him, the man’s alcoholism finally undermined him. Those higher up in Sa Intrium Dra’s structure could no longer cover up the senior’s ever more declining condition and he was quietly removed to less arduous duties. The new senior of the collective was more sympathetic to Alvo, but still criticized him over severely on occasions. Alvo realised it was not due to prejudice or class distinction in this instance, the senior treated everyone the same. It was merely that the man had obtained his position due to the prominence of his family in Sa Jatah and he meant to keep his place by controlling and if necessary, suppressing the talents of those around him. Alvo came to accept the situation, that this was the reality of the inner workings of Sa Jatah, that the gap between the tenet and the truth was wide indeed and that he could only persevere or perish. So each morning he would sigh inwardly, intone the Sa Jatah invocation and simply get on with the task in hand. Then came the Altarvand incident.

Alvo had been just short of his thirtieth year, disillusioned, discontent, still fighting his colleagues for the better positions and seniority, but no longer certain of why he did it, as if he walked a circular path, looking for its end while having forgotten its beginning. Altarvand was a city in Altorum, renamed after the Tolmaran General that had conquered it. A peaceful place with a population of about two and a half million, picturesque, an ancient port city, famed for the architecture of a great temple that had stood for over a thousand years on a hill high above the town. All its power came from four nuclear reactors, old and infirm, denied the necessary funds to upgrade them. One day in the Hola season - autumn - when they were changing the fuel rods in the second reactor, decrepit overhead equipment whose moorings had literally rusted through, fell into the core.
For ten hours they fought  the fire, trying to prevent the core from going critical. They told no-one in the city. Finally the radiation count was so high nobody could enter the affected area and the order was given to evacuate the nearby residents. While many were still trying to escape, the core melted down to the water table and the resulting explosion killed thousands of people. There was a prevailing westerly wind and Altarvand being on the eastern seaboard, most of the fallout was carried across the ocean, but not before many of the city’s population were contaminated. Most of them died within two weeks, vomiting blood and bile onto the corridor floors of overcrowded hospitals, families beseeching Sa Jatah officials to save them. Little could be done, and what could be done was not done.
A season later the evacuees were ordered to return. There were those that resisted. They organised themselves into a committee and demanded relocation to a safe area. Creto Strahger gave the order himself for them to be executed. Taken out of their emergency encampment dome shelters, distant Kata making pale masks of their frightened faces, their breath a frost of fear in the chill twilight, they were marched to the banks of the Pelia River. Some pleaded for their lives, offered the soldiers krela - money - some stood grim and silent, their minds racing with prayers to Domah that the soldiers would turn on their commanders. But the soldiers were afraid for their own lives, of the penalty for treason, they obeyed their orders. Over eight hundred made a final journey to the sea that night, their sightless eyes in ghost-white faces reflecting the cold  light of Kata, the blood trails a swirling grey mist, lines of warning upon the water to those that remained.
So the residents returned to their city and resumed their lives, a constant military presence making sure none of them ever left for long. Cancers became commonplace, babies were born with deformities, the people dreamed dreams of horror and when they awoke in a sweat of fear, they cursed Sa Jatah, they cursed Tolmara, they cursed Creto Strahger, a silent curse and a silent vow to be avenged, somehow, someday. The still burning reactor was entombed, an operation which in itself took hundreds of lives. But Sa Jatah declared that life was good and life must go on. New reactors would be built. This was the way of Sa Jatah, this was the wisdom of Sa Intrium Mantah, from the bitterness of tragedy was forged the iron of triumph. The good citizens of Altarvand would stay put and give thanks to Sa Jatah that they had been spared.
Alvo learned of the disaster two seasons later. Not through Sa Intrium Dra, not through any official word or acknowledgement. A cousin of his, Dramon Thoria, who was a cook in the Tolmaran Navy came to Strahgervand on a rare visit, his ship usually plying the waters of the Southern Hemisphere. Alvo’s parents had long since moved to Seloria on the west coast of Tolmara and Alvo was Dramon’s only family in Strahgervand. Dramon’s father was Alvo’s uncle on his father’s side, he and his wife had both died some years before and Dramon seemed pretty much alone in the world. He had a sister who had made the rare move, for a Tolmaran descended from immigrants, back to somewhere in Esar, but Alvo gathered Dramon did not hear that much from her. In fact it had been a year and a half since Alvo had last seen Dramon, a career in the Tolmaran Navy did not allow for regular contact and Alvo had his own life to live.
He and Dramon had been more like brothers as children, when both their families still lived in Strahgervand. Often at the end of the ten day work period, on the Akanta - the day of rest - their two families would join together for expeditions to the beach where fine foods would be shared and old songs sung by the orange glow of a driftwood fire, or they would all drive to the foot of the mountains not far from Strahgervand and trek into the wild, find a still unpolluted river and swim until the sun went down. Alvo recalled them as days of ease and innocence, when Sa Jatah was but a classroom concept and summers seemed to last forever. He was an only child and glad of Dramon’s companionship. One day when they were in their teens, Alvo saved Dramon’s life.
They had gone fishing off a rocky promontory, far from the nearest town, casting for Tako, a fish that could grow to half the size of a man, hard to catch but succulent. Dramon had gone ever closer to the water though the sea was running rough, determined to get the better cast and the bigger fish. Alvo repeatedly warned him back, but Dramon laughed and called him a jit - a small, timid nocturnal mammal known for its rapid flight at the slightest sound. Dramon was calling out to Alvo, challenging him to come closer when the wave caught him, dragging him out and under.
Alvo had never known such fear. There was no-one about, by the time he went for help it would be too late for Dramon. Without further thought he threw off his robe and plunged into the turbulent water where he could see Dramon being pushed towards the rocks. By the time he reached him, Dramon was already unconscious. Alvo was a powerful swimmer, he was fit and muscular, but it took all his strength to haul Dramon and himself to safety, all the while  a fervent prayer racing through his mind though he professed no firm faith. Back on land Alvo breathed into Dramon’s mouth and massaged his heart. In a moment, spewing water, Dramon coughed his way back to consciousness. They lay there on their backs, both gasping for breath, both exhausted. At last Dramon sat up, took off his saturated robe and spread it on the rocks to dry. He looked out at the tumbling surf.
“You could have died Alvo,” he said. “You should have left me.”
“But I did not die and neither did you,” Alvo said, also sitting up. “You forget, I am the better swimmer.”
“Perhaps you will become the better man also. I can’t say I would have had such courage.”
“Enough,” said Alvo. “If I had thought a little longer, ar bardur may have been your fate. But you are here, I am here. What could have been is of no consequence.”
“I should have listened to you. Sweet shit! Domah! How easy to die!” Dramon shook his head as if in disbelief. “But never take a chance like that again Alvo, promise me, not on my account.”
“I had no choice,” Alvo said with a shrug. “There’s no-one within ten delka. What else was I supposed to do?” Dramon was silent. He folded his arms and looked towards the horizon. Alvo still carried the image of that scene in his mind as if it was a holo-photo he kept in his waist satchel to show his work collective. Dramon with his arms resting on his drawn up knees, the sky as blue and translucent as a Tolmaran wedding veil, the air sharp and clean with the tang of salt, the sun so hot and white. The moments before and beyond that instant were unseen, Dramon looked like a tourist admiring the view.
“How long was I gone for?” Dramon had said at length, his gaze still focussed on the horizon.
“Not long.” Alvo picked up a pebble and tossed it towards the roar of the ocean. “You’d stopped breathing, but you soon came round.” Dramon did not speak at once, he seemed to consider his words.
“It seems ... it was not my time.” Dramon turned towards Alvo. “I pledge return of the gift.”
“No, Dramon, no. I did what I had to do, that’s all.” Alvo felt uncomfortable at Dramon’s invocation of the ancient Tolmaran rite. “I’m not going to be asking favours of you for the rest of your life just because of some foolish old tradition.”
“Please Alvo,” Dramon said. “Not just for this. We are alike in spirit, that’s why. If it was not so, you would have left me.” Dramon held out his hand.
“It’s not necessary, Dramon,” Alvo said.
“Please Alvo.” Dramon kept his hand out and reluctantly Alvo reached over, their hands clasping each other’s wrists in the traditional grip. 
“Thank you Alvo.” Dramon smiled and looked into Alvo’s eyes. He smiled back, and it was as if in that moment they both felt the keenness of life, the exhilaration that they had cheated death, that tomorrow would be a good day, simply because they were alive.

Alvo did not take advantage of the pledge, except on one occasion. When he had been working for Sa Domari for some time, the lines of communication to Corda, a country where the resistance to Tolmaran occupation was strong, became cut after some of their operatives came under Sa Tahgus surveillance. Sa Domari needed to get information urgently to their activists in Corda and Dramon happened to be visiting Alvo at the time. He asked Dramon to carry a digital card to Corda. Of course he did not tell Dramon the information on the card, on planned Tolmaran troop movements in the north of Corda, was intended for Sa Domari activists in that country. Alvo told him it was a letter to an old friend from his work collective who had been posted to the Corda Sa Intrium Dra. He had inadvertently made some foolish criticisms of Sa Jatah to an undercover Sa Tahgus official at a diplomatic function, had come under suspicion and was being held for questioning in a Corda prison, although he had not yet been charged with any crime. The letter was supposedly from his wife and detailed steps being taken by her own contacts within the Sa Jatah hierarchy in Tolmara to have him released, but it was important the information reached him discreetly lest the Corda Sa Tahgus thwarted  the plan.
“I don’t know Alvo,” Dramon had said, eyeing the thin rectangular card with discomfort. “I avoid political wrangles, I’m just a sailor.”
“I wouldn’t ask if there were to be any problems,” Alvo said, his tone reassuring. “It’s just a battle of wills between Corda and Tolmaran bureaucrats. The man who had him arrested is arrogant and ambitious, a Corda menial who thinks he will make an impression in Tolmara. Nothing will come of it. We just want him to get this information so he does nothing rash, so he knows the matter has been taken care of and he will soon be released. It’s a minor diplomatic spat really. It just has to be handled the right way. All you have to do is carry the card to Corda.”
“Well ... he has my sympathy Alvo. You only have to sneeze these days and Sa Tahgus want to know why. But really ... we’re not supposed to carry personal communications like this in our effects, they do random searches occasionally. Don’t you know anyone on the Corda ambassador’s staff who can help?”
“Not in this instance. Look, if they do find it, I’ll take full responsibility, you’ll carry no blame.”
“Mmm ... well, I’d like to help you out ...” Dramon said, his reluctance evident in his tone.
“Just this once Dramon,” Alvo had said with a smile, laying his hand on his cousin’s shoulder. He held up his finger. “Remember the pledge.”
Dramon had just looked at him, surprised that after all these years he had invoked the rite, but in the end he smiled, took the digital card and grasped Alvo’s wrist with a firm hand. Dramon served Sa Jatah, as did they all, but the Tolmaran tradition had a strong hold on him and Alvo knew he would not deny the pledge. Alvo always wondered what he thought when a few days later a stranger approached him in a Corda drinking house and asked for the digital card. If Dramon had had doubts or suspicions about Alvo he had never expressed them, merely let Alvo know in a judicious manner the digital card had been delivered with no problems.
Alvo always kept in mind in their encounters that despite the fact he knew Dramon had no great love of Sa Jatah, he was still part of the Tolmaran military, albeit only a cook. But he was always glad to hear from him, the bond between them having remained undiminished, though Alvo was always circumspect in their discussions and never revealed a hint of his Sa Domari connection. In a way he was grateful to Dramon, for it was Dramon who had helped steer him to his present path, beginning the day he had told him what had happened at Altarvand.

Dramon had appeared on his viewer one day and said his ship was in port at Strahgervand for the first time in a year and a half. Alvo was pleased to see his cousin and friend after such a long absence. Dramon had matured, though his thin face with wide eyes still held a youthful enthusiasm. He now had a thin black beard which made him look older than his actual years, but he had retained his easy smile and loud laugh. The lengthy interval since they had last seen each other seemed non-existent, they cajoled and joked over the viewer, as at ease with each other’s company as always. Dramon arrived that evening, full of good humour, with a large bottle of Olvera spirits in his hand.
“Olvera!” Alvo exclaimed. “I haven’t seen a bottle of this in months. I could have sworn the Sa Jatah elite had guzzled every bottle in existence.”
“I thought you might appreciate it,” Dramon said with a grin.
“I do!” said Alvo. “You can’t get it in Strahgervand except on the black market. But I have something for you.” Alvo produced a large, reddish-brown bottle.
“Ah,” said Dramon. “It looks almost like Kragarvand hand brewed ale.”
“It is! The first drop drunk five hundred years ago and it’s still made to the same recipe.”
“Better than the rubbish they serve on board ship,” Dramon said. “They use hybrid grains. It tastes like piss!”
“Ah, this is still made from northern silta grain. Every mouthful better than the last. What more could we ask for!”
They both chatted and drank while Alvo cooked them a meal, a traditional dish from Esar, thin cuts of Epah meat quickly fried in Olkah seed oil and then liberally covered in a sauce made from the sweet yellow leda fruit. Afterwards they sat on the large cushions favoured in Tolmara for intimate social occasions, a small carved table between them, and Alvo was generous with his supply of ale. They drank, talked and laughed their way back across the years, recalling long forgotten details of their young days, until they drifted on to the memory of Alvo hauling Dramon from the surf on a clear summer’s day.
“I think about it sometimes,” Dramon said, rolling his glass between his hands and looking into the distance, as if he could see that day in the room, hear the waves hammering  the rocks of the distant coastline. “I  think about how we walk upon a line, on one side is life, the other death, always closer than we know.”
“Perhaps,” said Alvo. “But as I said on that day, it is pointless to speculate on what could have happened. Our task is to deal with the moment that is, that will be. The blade misses its mark and the warrior fights on. He does not stop in mid-battle to imagine what might have been. We must live in the light of life, not in the contemplation of death.”
“You are right of course. But I no longer fear death. Not after that day.”
“Are you gaining the faith?” Alvo said with a playful smile. “Will you give up the navy and take Sa Arva Ah Domah vows? Shave your head? It might suit you.”
“Well ... I don’t know about that. But something happened that day. Something strange.”
“When you were gone, you mean?”
“Yes. I saw ... I saw the gate. I mean ... I almost passed through ... but ... it was not my time. They sent me back.”
“They?”
“The ancestors. I saw many of them beyond the gate ... but ... they said I must return.”
“I have heard of such things,” Alvo said, leaning forward and filling both their glasses from a newly opened bottle. “It’s not so strange. Quite common in fact.”
“I didn’t tell you at the time. I didn’t know what to make of it. When I was back on the rock ... well, I just felt so alive, felt so peaceful. I felt then the value of life, of this gift. I felt that it flowed through me like a river, a river that sprang from eternity and flowed back  to eternity, carrying my essence with it. Of course, over the years the feeling faded. I had to live in the real world. A harsh world.  I began to wonder what it was all about. How I could have that experience and then find myself back in a world where ... where it was as if I was of no more importance than an insect.”
“You make it sound so grim Dramon. We have good lives you and I. We’re both still young, with a world of potential before us.”
“I am still young, that’s true. But there are times when I don’t feel young.” Dramon looked down into his glass, a deep sadness came into his expression, as if before he had been merely wearing a mask, as if instead of a glass he held a heavy stone and was being compelled to carry it always. “The world is not as I thought it was.” Dramon swirled the ale gently in his glass. When he spoke again his voice was soft, as if tinged with grief. “We have made life as cheap as a trinket in a thieves market. We have covered the world with broken glass and forced the poor to walk upon it. We have devoured all of our tomorrows and left only dust for our children’s children.”
“Strong words Dramon,” Alvo said. He felt it must be the ale having a maudlin effect on his companion, could not understand the new bleak mood that seemed to possess him.
“Not my words,” said Dramon and he took a large swallow of his drink. “Setha Crado. The Dark Mirror.”
“You have taken to dangerous reading then my friend? I hope you don’t carry any copies with you.”
“I would not be so foolish. But the words are true. You cannot stop people believing what they see with their own eyes.”
“Well ... the world was never perfect. But it cannot be made so with a clap of the hands. We must celebrate the things that are good in our society and work to change those things that are unjust, we all accept that. But change does not come with mere thought and hope. We must work within Sa Jatah to - ”
“Don’t talk to me of Sa Jatah!” Dramon spat the words out as if he had tasted a bitter vetch. “Sa Jatah feeds its own family on epah shit!
“Not so loud Dramon!” Alvo was genuinely concerned. “If you’re going to curse Sa Jatah at least keep your voice down. I have neighbours who would gladly repeat your words to Sa Tahgus.”
“Are you really still so naive Alvo?” Dramon said, undettered. “To think that Sa Jatah serves anyone but Sa Jatah? Are you beginning to believe the lies you write for Sa Intrium Dra?”
“I don’t lie for Sa Jatah,” Alvo said. He felt himself beginning to resent Dramon’s new mood, was uncomfortable with the direction of  the discussion, did not wish to see their newly re-established camaraderie dissipate into petty disagreement. “I serve Sa Jatah, that much is true. I give Sa Jatah’s version of events, but Sa Jatah’s will is the will of the people.”
Dramon half laughed and shook his head. “Listen to you Alvo! Sa Jatah’s version of events. What about the truth?”
“The truth? If a thousand people run a race, there are a thousand stories of how that race was run, but still there is only one winner.”
“Gah Domah!” Dramon growled. “Don’t give me old men’s sayings. You know what I mean.”
“You may invoke the blood of Domah as much as you like Dramon. The fact is, Sa Jatah has served us both well, you are not in any need.”
“I may be in need of a soul, as indeed may you. Or have you drunk so much Sa Jatah spittle you cannot taste reality anymore?”
“I can still think for myself,” Alvo said, anger touching his words. He had no objection to Dramon venting his dissatisfaction with Sa Jatah, but he bridled at the personal attack. “I have to find my place just like everybody else. I’ve always felt that I was making a contribution to some kind of progress. I’m sorry if you don’t see it that way.”
Dramon looked at him in silence for a moment, then smiled. “I have been too vehement,” he said, his tone conciliatory. “I apologise.”
“No need,” said Alvo. He smiled back and relaxed again, the sense of affront fading. “We can blame it all on the Kragarvand ale tomorrow.”
“Perhaps I have just seen too much of the world.” Dramon smiled again, seemed more at ease.
Alvo looked at him intently, with curiosity and concern. “What have you seen Dramon? What makes you think you may have lost your soul?”
Dramon  did not answer immediately. He took a few small sips of his ale, seemed to be carefully considering his words. “There was something,” he said at length. “Something ... terrible. But ... it is forbidden to speak of it.”
“Forbidden? There is only you and I here Dramon. Anything you tell me will not cross my tongue to another’s ears.”
“No. It’s better not to speak of it. They threatened us with a dishonour charge if we ever did. You know what that means. Life in the Thernian mines is short, if you’re lucky.”
“You might feel better if you talk about it.” Alvo felt a certain sense of determination to discover the events that had wrought the different attitude in his cousin and friend, that had embittered him, felt a little surprised that Dramon’s viewpoint had been so changed and a consequent curiosity as to the cause. “It’s not as if I’m going to get Sa Tahgus on the viewer the moment you step out of the door.”
“Well ... ” Dramon said, looking narrow-eyed at Alvo. “Domah hears my sighs, that’s true ... I would like to tell you, someone ... but it’s probably better if I don’t.”
“Come on Dramon. Don’t spare me. Let me see what you see.”
Dramon looked at Alvo for what seemed an age, seemed to be seeking out some answer behind Alvo’s eyes. At last he half shrugged, smiled to himself and turned his gaze to the window and the distance of memory. “All  right, I’ll tell you.” He took a large swallow of the ale. “Do you know what happened at Altarvand?”
“Altarvand? I think I recall something ...”
“Last Hola season?”
“I’m not sure .. oh, didn’t they replace the nuclear reactors there recently?”
“Do you know why?”
“Why? I can’t recall the reason off-hand ... no, I think they were just due for replacement from memory.”
“No Alvo.” Dramon sighed and half smiled to himself. “Truth is the sand that runs through our fingers to the ground. When you look down, you cannot tell the sand you were holding from the sand that was there before.”
“How do you mean?”
“There was an accident Alvo. More than an accident. A disaster. There were thousands ... thousands who died.” Dramon took another large drink of his ale. “It was towards the end of Hola season, we sailed as part of a convoy of forty ships into Altarvand late one night. We were all wondering what was going on, we were supposed to be sailing to Argan to resupply the ship before heading south. They didn’t tell us we were going to Altarvand, but when we got there we all knew where we were. It was so strange. The entire city was all but dark, there was only the light of Kata to see by. The army was everywhere, all over the docks, but still they told us nothing.
“Then the word spread round that we were to dock and pick up a cargo. That as soon as it was aboard we were to sail again, no-one except the detail organising the cargo was to leave the ship. There were all kinds of rumours, that there had been an uprising, that there had been a plague ... but when the detail came back, when they loaded the cargo, we all found out what had happened. Those who had gone ashore spread the word back on board, even though they had been ordered to remain silent.” Dramon proceeded to tell Alvo what had happened, how the reactor had caught fire, the explosion, the deaths, the injuries, the contamination, the evacuation, the forced return and the executions of those who had resisted.
“We were all scared, really scared. We had heard nothing on the Dra broadcasts and all  we knew was what the detail had told us. But ... there was something else ...” Dramon paused, took another drink, seemed to be searching for the right words. “The cargo for our ship was twenty or so cargo pods, all the ships were being loaded with them. We all saw them before they ordered us to remain below, all but fifty of the crew who were told to stand guard by the cargo. So we sailed ... and ... even though we were below decks ... we all heard it ...” Dramon stopped, a look as if he was in sudden pain crossed his features, his hand clutched tight at the glass. “Sweet Domah! That sound! How could they ... how could they have made us?”
“But ... what was it?” Alvo asked. “What was the cargo?”
Dramon turned towards him, a look of horror in his eyes. “Can’t you guess Alvo? Can’t you believe it? It ... it was people. They were calling out ... some of them were screaming ... screaming for help ... all night we heard it ... nobody slept ... nobody spoke ...”
“But ... who were they?”
“They were radiation cases. The hospitals were full, even the corridors, they couldn’t take anymore. So rather than admit how bad the disaster really was, admit that they did not have the means to save them, rather than have them lying in the streets where the world could see them, they loaded them into the cargo pods and put them on the ships.”
“But ... where did you take  them? To another city?”
Dramon shook his head as if in wonder. “By Domah’s eyes Alvo, don’t you understand yet? They had radiation sickness, they could not have survived even with medical help. We sailed until dawn, south. We stopped in the middle of nowhere. We were still kept below decks, but the fifty guarding the pods were given a new order. They were ... they were told to drill holes in the sides of  the pods and ... and they used the ship’s mobile cranes to drop the pods into the sea.” Dramon’s eyes went wide, his expression almost one of agony. “They were still alive Alvo ... still alive ...”
Dramon looked at the floor, a long silence followed his last words, a silence filled with the sense of dismay, as if the very air was demanding an explanation, a reason, a why. At length he spoke again, his voice calmer, almost matter of fact. “Of the fifty crew, some committed suicide, sixteen were caught deserting. They shot them without a trial ... the others ... well, they were not the same, that’s all. Nobody ever spoke out about it. We’d all heard the stories of the Thernian mines. We didn’t even speak about it amongst ourselves really, we just got drunk as soon as we had the chance ... so drunk. Not drunk enough to forget though. I’ve never mentioned it to anyone, until now.”

At work the next day, Alvo searched the Dra computer libraries for mention of the Altarvand incident. The only reference was an official announcement from the Altarvand city committee that funding had been approved to replace the reactors and that work would begin immediately. Alvo realised that people knew of course, that every citizen of Altarvand who survived, who lost a loved one would have told someone, sometime, but officially, in the eyes and mind of Sa Jatah, nothing had occurred, no flaw in Sa Jatah’s plans was permitted to exist.
Alvo had sat at his work station with the Sa Jatah sanctioned account of what had occurred before him, around him his colleagues in the work collective sat before their viewers, talking softly into their computers, sending out to the people of Charos the words and wisdom of Sa Jatah, painting the world in the colours that their masters chose, so that red and green and blue became mere shades of grey, without definition, without meaning. 
It was not long after that he was selected to go to Elera to cover what was termed the relocation of part of the northern population. It was an honour to be chosen, it was a chance to gain seniority in the collective. He accepted, he listened carefully as he was told the kind of information they required of him. He went, and saw a million people dying in the red dust of a waterless plain, saw the face of Sa Jatah reflected in a thousand starving eyes, saw the horror of his world in a hundred lonely deaths.
When he returned to Strahgervand he saw that his reports on the famine had been altered, that disease and unusual weather patterns rather than strip mining and crop failure had been the cause of the calamity, that no blame attached to Sa Jatah policies or decisions. They congratulated him on the vividness of his reports, they said that with the incorporation of the further necessary information that had clarified the situation, his reports had made a fine addition to the Dra network and broadcasts. They made it clear that there were many ways to see the world, there were many versions of events, that they would help him to see how things really were, and if he let them help him see reality he would be rewarded. They made it clear that if he could see things as they saw them, the road ahead would have few obstacles.
Alvo could not say exactly what it was that made them think he was a suitable candidate for advancement, for inculcation within the arcane centre of Sa Intrium Dra. He suspected it was because they saw him as ursan, - insignificant, and thus, not being from one of the Great Families, subject to control and influences not bound by blood loyalties, that the prospect of krela, wealth, to a person of his background would be a sufficient temptation to bind him to their various schemes and manipulations within Sa Jatah, in short, he would be useful to them. Alvo was by now so rent with cynicism of spirit he merely played along, let the currents of their machinations carry him where they willed, but all the while, in his heart he despised them, despised himself and what he did. 
He began spending evenings in drinking houses, regaling reluctant listeners with sarcastic philosophies inspired by Kragarvand ale and Agali wine. When he slept he dreamt of voices, calling out of the darkness, calling to him for help, voices that were suddenly silenced. Or he would dream he was a starving man at a feast, that those around him laughed as they filled their faces, while he, paralysed, could not reach the food on the tables. When he thought he could stand the deceit of his existence no longer, Viana came into his life.
By then he was in his early forties, she in her mid thirties. She joined his work collective on transfer from Kragarvand and the moment he met her he felt a strong attraction to her. She had a warm smile, eyes that seemed to radiate concern and an easy laugh at the petty tribulations of the day. She had a quick intellect and inquiring mind, a sharp wit and sense of integrity that bordered on aloofness, that made her seem in control of her situation though she served Sa Intrium Dra and Sa Jatah as he did. He had not sought female company for a long time, but something about her, something that seemed hidden in the depths of her personality intrigued him. He invited her to share a meal with him one Akanta, and she accepted.
On the rest day they rode the Maglev train together to the centre of Strahgervand where Alvo’s favourite eating house was located, a place where they served traditional cuisine from Esar and fine wines from Agali and Daltorias. It was a pleasant evening, Alvo felt the edges of his discontent being lessened by the warmth of Viana’s soft voice and gentle charm, and later that night it seemed a natural step when they went to Alvo’s place and became lovers. He saw much of her in the ensuing seasons, they had an ease in each other’s company that refreshed Alvo, that restored much of his enthusiasm for life. He began to think they might make Sa Arva Ta - The Love Good, the partnership - that what he felt for her was indeed arva, love.
One evening, the night before the Akanta, they lay in bed after a long love-making session, her face and body white in the light from Kata streaming through the window, her breathing soft and steady. She looked peaceful and relaxed and Alvo felt glad she was now part of his life, that the nights with her made the days at Sa Intrium Dra bearable. He thought he might raise the subject of Sa Arva Ta in the near future and after watching her still, gentle expression for a while, he slowly fell asleep. He dreamt again of voices in the darkness, voices crying out in pain and distress, a dream he had not had for a long time. When the voices went silent he awoke with a hoarse shout, a sweat of fear upon his body. Viana awoke too, and took his hand in the half light.
“What was it?” she said. “You sounded as if you were making a death cry.”
“A dream. Just a dream.”
“Of what?”
“A dream I have had many times before ... ever since ...”
“Since what?”
“I should not tell you. I should not know. But I do know, and now ... well, the dream returns to remind me of what I know, of what I do.”
“Tell me the dream. Let me ease your mind.”
“It’s not so much the dream ... the dream is just a ghost. I just wish ... I had taken some other path, that’s all, that there had been another choice.”
“Hmm ... this is not a world made for choices.”
“No ... perhaps I had a choice once, I’m not sure, perhaps that’s why the dream haunts me.”
“What was the dream about? You’ll rest easier if you share it.”
Alvo hesitated for a moment, then told her of his recurring nightmares, began to tell her of the time Dramon had come to visit him and the tale of horror he had recounted. Alvo was reticent at first, he had carried the burden of his memories, of his inner malaise such a long time alone, but at last he began to speak more freely. He recounted for her in a low voice the last moments of the victims at Altarvand, let her see the cargo pods falling into the sea, sinking into the silence of the depths. Let his words take her to the arid plain in Elera where the red dust stung his eyes and blocked his nose and mouth along with the taste and scent of suffering and death. He poured out his unhappiness at his entanglement in the intrigues of Sa Intrium Dra and Sa Jatah. She listened without interruption, and when he had finished, he fell asleep in her arms, the weight of his thoughts lifted for the moment.

Being lost in Viana’s affections was to be a brief respite. She told him in Hola season that she had accepted a posting back to Kragarvand, that she would be going almost immediately. How well he remembered the bitter taste of that day, her words a spike of pain through his heart. They were in the great park on the outskirts of Strahgervand, the air cold and tinged with the acrid scent of a multitude of pollutions. The sun was low across the distant towers of the city, Kata already glowing cold white through the smog haze. The trees looked dishevelled, their leaves a dirty brown, strewn about in great piles on the ground and lifted and tossed by the chill wind coming from the south. It was a bleak day and in the fading light she told him of her plans, crushed his hopes for their future as easily as if it had been one of the bloodless leaves scattered about their feet as they sat close together, the passersby unaware of Alvo’s distress and sense of loss. It was a hard moment, the end of an easier period for Alvo, but when he looked back on that time, he realised it had been a beginning for him, the beginning of his present journey.
“But why must you go?” Alvo had said, his voice thin with hurt.
“I don’t have to go Alvo. I requested it.”
“But why? By Domah, why? Don’t you see us together? Don’t you think there’s something there?”
“It’s not that ... I just ... I just have to go back there. Where I’m needed.”
“Needed? By whom? Don’t I need you?”
“That’s not what I mean.”
“Then what do you mean?”
“I should never have let us go so far.” She sighed and a sorrow filled her eyes. She looked on the point of tears. “But I felt arva, I know that, I’m not denying that. It’s just ... sometimes in life, you have to choose between duty and love. Sometimes you have to choose duty.”
“Duty? Duty to what? To Sa Intrium Dra? They’ll devour you and spit on your bones. You know that.”
“Not to Sa Intrium Dra. I can’t tell you ... I want to tell you, but I can’t. Please Alvo, just accept that it has to be this way. If I could change it, I would. But I must do this thing.”
“If you can’t tell me, who can you tell? Is it some kind of trouble? I could help you.”
“No ... it’s not that kind of trouble. I just ... have to go.”
“You don’t have to go Viana ... you want to go. I can tell. I am not sufficient reason for you  to stay, but you will not tell me why.”
“You’re making this so difficult for me Alvo. Please just let me go.”
“Why should I? Why should I let you go without a fight?”
“All right Alvo. I’ll tell you this much ... only because I know you love me, that I can trust you. I have friends in Kragarvand who need my help, and only I can help them.”
“Friends? Good friends they must be to make such a claim on you.”
“It’s not like that. They are disillusioned with Sa Jatah as are you. They want to try and change things. That’s always been my calling Alvo. That’s why I came to Strahgervand and that’s why I must go back.”
Alvo gave a sardonic half-laugh. “Change things? What do you mean, change things? Look at that city, look at the filthy air! You might as well command that stone to become bread.”
“Perhaps. But some of us are prepared to try. You have no love for Sa Jatah and neither do I. You see things as they are, your mind is still your own, and I am no different. But I decided long ago to work for a better world. That’s why I must go where I can do  the most good.”
“Then let me go with you. Let me help you.”
“No Alvo. You know you’re only saying that because you want to be with me. Take what we had, hold it to you and be happy as I intend to do. Please help me to do this thing Alvo. I have tried to make it easier for you, accept that this is what is in my heart.”
“How can I accept that you’re throwing away what we have, your life, for some ... foolish cause? This world can’t be saved, don’t you know that by now?”
“You may be right Alvo, but I will not stand by without making the attempt. I must live with my conscience always.”
“Does your conscience allow you to forget me so easily? To deny what you feel for me?”
“Enough Alvo. I have already made my decision. I have taken a risk in telling you my reason for going, I tell you as a gift, because I don’t deny what I feel for you. Because I won’t lie to you. This is as hard on me as it is on you, I wish I could do otherwise. Please let us part without bitterness, let me do what I must.”

It was a full year before he heard from her again. He came across her at a function at the Corda ambassador’s residence, she looking elegant and at ease, a glass of wine in her hand. At first he was lost for words, it irritated him that there were so many people in the crowded room, the air filled with the clatter of glasses, laughter and a dozen different languages. For a moment the pain of seeing her after such a long interval seemed almost as great as the day he had lost her, but at last he found his tongue, was able to feel a joy at having her so close again.
“It’s good to see you Viana. But ... such a long time.”
“Yes, a long time. I’m sorry Alvo. But it was not because I wanted to forget you. It just had to be that way.”
“And have you forgotten? How things were?”
“”Oh Alvo ... don’t tempt me. Things have not changed. You see the world, in your work and in your travels. You know it cannot be undone in the space of a mere breath.”
“Then you went ahead? You got involved with your ... friends, as you call them?”
“Yes. But don’t let’s speak of it here. Sa Tahgus loves the taste of wine and the noise of a crowd.”
“It has been hard for me Viana. Life has become a drudgery again.”
“And it is hard for me to see you again Alvo. To think about what might have been if the world was a better place.”
“We don’t have to wait for the world to change.”
“Please Alvo ... this is difficult for both of us. Don’t let us spoil the moment by arguing over what has already been decided, what is already done. Be glad to see me as I am glad to see you.”
“I am glad Viana. It is too little by far, but I am glad.” She smiled at him and took a sip of her wine. She glanced about the room for a moment and a thousand thoughts and questions crowded into Alvo’s mind, but he did not speak, just felt her presence, her nearness, and the memories it invoked. As he searched for his next words she turned back to him.
“Do you have to stay at this function?” she said.
Her question took him by surprise. He was unsure of her intent. “Not really. Why? Do you want to go elsewhere?”
“Let us go to your place. I will stay the night with you.”
Alvo was taken aback. She had spoken as if it had been a casual decision, a mere matter of fact event. He felt uncertain. Was this what he really wanted? To sleep with Viana, to step so easily back into the roles they had previously played, but only for a fleeting instant? Part of him wanted to resist, to say no to a fragment when the totality was denied him, but having Viana so near, to have the chance to touch her again, hold her, overcame his hesitation and doubts, and in a short space of time they were driving through the city streets, close together in the cool evening air.
Later, when he took her in his arms, she responded with a vehement passion. They made love as if they were starving and their survival depended on extracting as much pleasure from each other as possible, as if they were combatants rather than lovers, giving vent to violent emotion, trying to cross the space that time had put between them through the press of their flesh, as if each moment was their last alive. Afterwards, Alvo lay on his back in the half dark and looked at the ceiling, feeling his sweat tinged body slowly cool, feeling the certainty he would suffer for his few moments of ecstasy, when Viana left him again.
“What are you thinking about?” she said from the darkness.
“About you going back to Kragarvand. You are going back I presume?”
“You know I am Alvo. I’m going tomorrow.”
“Perhaps ... perhaps it would have been better if we hadn’t done this. To only taste what once cannot have is surely a cruelty.”
“I’m sorry Alvo. It is a burden for both of us that it has to be this way.”
“Was it worth it Viana? This ... calling of yours? This ... quest for a better Charos?”
“I think so. Time will show all.”
“This is such a dangerous world. Do they suspect you?”
“To be born is to risk death. But no, they don’t suspect me.”
“I cannot see it Viana. For a over a hundred years things have been as they are. What good can come of it?”
“Sometimes to hope and to act are one and  the same thing. Don’t you still have hope Alvo?”
“I don’t know. I don’t trust myself to beliefs anymore.”
“Perhaps you could still make a difference Alvo.”
“How do you mean?”
“We could use your help ... in a small matter.”
Alvo did not speak. He lay there, considering her words. He turned his head and looked at her half lit features, trying to read her expression. “Is that why you’re here? Is that what this is all about?”
“Not entirely.”
“Not entirely?” Alvo felt the first stirrings of resentment, a resentment that began with the knowledge that Viana would leave again and grew with a sense of being manipulated. “You mean .. this, this was part of your ... your cursed calling?”
“No Alvo. It’s not like that. I didn’t have to sleep with you, you know that. It’s just ... just the way things are done. We have to call on those we trust. But I wanted this. You can be sure of that.”
She reached out and touched his cheek and Alvo felt confused for a moment. He could not understand this woman with motivations that to him seemed naive and idealistic, but at the same time, though it was her dedication that had driven her from him, that had hurt him, he admired her, saw in her something that had been buried within himself, some need  to reclaim a sense of purpose in a world that negated all aspirations to dignity of self, that replaced faith with subjugation of spirit. He still felt the resentment, but the temptation to help Viana, to be at least a part of her world was strong, as well as a desire, or more, a curiosity, to see what it would be like to be involved, to somehow react against the harsh reality within which he found himself. Though he still felt an ambiguity of emotions, at last he spoke.
“What is it that you want me to do?”
“You are going to Corda in the next few days for Sa Intrium Dra.”
“How did you know?”
“Never mind about that. All we want you to do is carry a digital card to someone in the Altorum ambassador’s residence. That’s all we need.”
“Can’t one of your people deliver the card?”
“Not in this instance. There is suspicion around our operatives and extra layers of security in place for the moment. But the information can’t wait. You will pass through those security layers with ease. Sleep on the thought, and if you still want to help, we’ll work out the details in the morning. But don’t do it for me Alvo, I shall think no worse of you if you don’t. Do it because at least a part of you still has belief.”

That had been twenty years ago and still he recalled it as clear as a ryla crystal held against the sun. He had taken the digital card to Corda and handed it over without any great effort. He had felt a certain trepidation, more a sense of excitement. He gained a certain sense of achievement, a certain sense of self-esteem as he returned to the obfuscation, guile and distortion of his days in Sa Intrium Dra. He began to believe, to imagine, that his small action may have made a difference, may have at least scraped at the foundations of greed, aggression and power that underpinned the tyranny of Sa Jatah. Two seasons later he met Viana again as she was accompanying a delegation from Kragarvand’s city committee on a tour of improvements to Strahgervand’s transport system. He had requested the assignment, knowing she would be there, and when he was alone with her at the end of the day, he told her what was in his heart, that he wanted to become involved.
“It will make no difference to you and I. You realise that?” she had said to him as they sat in a quiet, out of the way eating house over the remains of their meal.
“I knew that before I spoke,” Alvo said. “My feelings have not changed towards you, but I respect the choice you have made.”
“Then are you sure you want to join us? You know the dangers.”
“I understand Sa Jatah perhaps better than you, Viana. I have no illusions there. You know the things I’ve seen. I just think I could be of use to you.”
“Then you still have beliefs after all Alvo? You still have hope?”
“Perhaps I still seek it. Is that enough? I need a reason to keep doing what I’m doing Viana, I need to claim back my soul, or at least a part of it.”
“We all want that Alvo, but are you sure this is the right way for you to do it?”
“I’d like to try. I’d like to think I can achieve something, that there’s the possibility.”
Viana had looked at him intently, as if weighing his words, judging his strength of purpose. “I’ll speak to my friends in Kragarvand,” she said at last. “I’ll let you know what they think.”
So it had begun. They had accepted Alvo’s help and utterly changed the course of his life. His next task for them was somewhat riskier than the first. He was sent by Sa Intrium Dra to Kaleiros, a large country bordered by Elera and Corda in the Southern Hemisphere. On the outskirts of the capital city, Margavand, they were opening a vast new munitions factory and a member of Sa Intrium Mantah was to be the guest of honour at the planned ceremony. Alvo went to cover the event, but his silda suit - a two piece, thermally regulated garment - had built into it a digital camera, so small it easily slipped past the security checks. No-one was allowed to take photos with hand held viewers and communicators. As the dignitaries toured the factory, enacted the opening ceremony, Alvo trailed in their wake, surreptitiously taking photographs of everything that he saw. He felt no anxiety, rather enjoyed the irony of his task, on the one hand recording the day to the honour and posterity of Sa Jatah, while all the while acquiring information that he hoped would sap at Sa Jatah’s dark strength.
When he returned to Tolmara, he left the digitised photo-card at a pre-arranged drop point and went back as always to Sa Intrium Dra, content that all had gone according to plan. It was a mere season later that the news came across one of the Dra bulletins that the factory in Margavand had been destroyed. The official explanation was an accidental fire that had got out of control despite heroic efforts from fire crews, but Alvo knew then that in those brief words on the viewer was the print of his own hand, that he had helped in an action that had at least stung the hide of Sa Jatah, had momentarily roused the beast. Later that year, when Viana was again on assignment in Strahgervand and they were alone together at his place, he asked her about it. They were seated on Alvo’s large cushions, the sun just setting through the window, glasses of wine in their hands, pleased to see each other again.
“I read about the fire at the factory in Margavand,” Alvo said after they had spent some time in conversation about the daily events in their lives. “The Dra bulletins were circumspect as always. What really happened?”
“Simple,” she said. “A unit broke in and using the information gathered from your photographs, planted incendiary devices and razed it to the ground.”
Alvo nodded, half smiled. “You seem very nonchalant about it Viana. Don’t you take some satisfaction from the deed?”
“Well ...” she said after a pause and a sip at her wine. “They will rebuild the factory eventually. And then another one after that.”
“Oh come on Viana. Don’t you take some pleasure in it? Some notion of a victory gained?”
She shook her head. “Don’t make that mistake. Don’t enjoy what is done because it must be done. If you start to enjoy it, you will become careless. Rather do it with regret and determination in your heart.”
“But I was glad. Glad to hear that they would be denied at least some of the weapons they use to hold us in thrall. Is that so wrong? After all, nobody was killed in the incident, Sa Jatah felt only a glancing blow.”
“Nobody died because that is our policy. We do not kill, except in self-defence and even then, there must be absolutely no alternative.”
“You can’t be serious. How do you expect to overthrow Sa Jatah if you will not employ the methods they themselves relish?”
“You are new to this course Alvo, don’t judge so harshly. Remember that the real danger is to become what you purport to despise. As the years progress we will gradually undermine Sa Jatah, gradually loosen the fingers of the hand that grips so tight, frustrate them, and when enough people have been persuaded to our cause, the hand will let loose its grasp, and something new, something just, will simply replace Sa Jatah.”
“I think that’s naive. You cannot change a self-perpetuating system without force. Dramatic force.”
“No Alvo. When through our efforts Sa Jatah has become weak, when the people see the world as it really is, change will come of necessity, as a natural birth, not through bloodshed, but because the majority will no longer serve Sa Jatah in their hearts.”
“A noble idea, but wouldn’t it be better to simply rise up?”
“And have them crush us? Again and again? So thousands, or millions, can die pounding their heads against a world that has remained unchanged for a hundred years? No, we must be subtle, cautious and sure, until Sa Jatah has only enemies and cannot stand against the consequences of its own oppression.”
“I am not so optimistic. But let us not argue. To irritate Sa Jatah is at least something. If one day it leads to the change you believe in, so much the better.”
“All right Alvo, but remember what I said. Act because your conscience demands it, not for revenge or anger, they only lead to bitterness.”

Alvo believed Viana was overly concerned with the ethical motivations to a struggle that in his mind required only the will to freedom, that required only a desire to eventually destroy Sa Jatah. So it was when he came across certain incidents on the Dra bulletins - a military train destroyed in a series of mysterious explosions without injury or loss of life, a weapons-grade plutonium reprocessing plant that ceased operation when a virus destroyed its computer systems, the theft of four hundred thousand food containers from a transport convoy and some of the same containers being found in the back streets of Seloria - he was delighted, inspired. He felt the world was already beginning to change, he took quiet satisfaction in the travails that beset Sa Jatah, which for its part gave no credence to organised resistance and spoke only of criminals and subversives. But Alvo felt confident and certain of his new calling and purpose, felt sure it was just a matter of time before he and his new found colleagues succeeded in winning back the world. Then Viana was arrested.
Alvo felt as if the centre of his being had been struck with a heavy rock, knocking to the ground his sense of self importance, twisting the framework of his determination. They caught her downloading onto a digital card, confidential documents from the senior of her collective’s computer. She withstood five days of interrogation and eventually they forced her to sign a confession that she had intended to sell the information to the highest bidder, although to what supposed purpose they did not say. That was the official version they paraded in loud language across the Dra bulletins, claiming she had confessed to other crimes and that she was mentally unbalanced. They knew the truth of course, that she belonged to an organisation that opposed them with stealth and conviction, that was becoming more than an irritant, that the scratch may be becoming infected. But they would never admit to the peoples of Charos that there was resistance to their dominance, that would seed the idea that such a thing was possible, could give hope unto the multitudes in a world where hope was held fast in the fist of Sa Jatah.
Viana’s downfall was the subject of much discussion and speculation at Sa Intrium Dra and many of Alvo’s colleagues who knew of their relationship questioned him at length about the scandal. He fobbed them off as best he could, saying that their affair had been brief and was over more than a year ago. Though he was in torment over what had happened to Viana, he had to maintain the fiction that he was as surprised as his colleagues were, that he had suspected nothing of her true character. He fought to hide his pain, a pain that had to be subsumed to the comments and off-hand remarks that were made. He wanted to cry out loud, to shout into their faces that none of it was true, that she was a hero, that he had loved her. But his only option was to endure as best he could in the vast, empty desert of his silence, to lie sleepless at night and imagine Viana’s suffering. Two agents from Sa Tahgus came to his workplace and questioned him about their relationship, probing to see if he was involved. But he maintained his wide -eyed innocent stance and they seemed convinced by his clean record and general air of probity that he was a simple loyal servant of Sa Intrium Dra and obedient to the dictums and ethos of Sa Jatah. He could not however, discover what had happened to Viana, whether she was to be executed or languished, forgotten, in prison somewhere.

At the end of that year, Viana’s friends in Kragarvand approached Alvo again through their contacts in Strahgervand. They could not enlighten Alvo as to Viana’s fate, but said they needed his help once more. However, they made it clear if he wished to end his involvement after what had happened to Viana they would understand.  Alvo considered the proposal for a short time, to be certain in his own heart, but his mind was already decided, not because of a desire for revenge, to extract some recompense for Viana - he was aware now of the truth in her words of warning to him. To enjoy the humiliation and foundering of the enemy was  natural, but was also to subjugate in the soul some essence that made true resistance possible. To fight for freedom was a necessity, that was all. To honour your beliefs was to die for them if required, there was little room for petty passions when clarity of thought was paramount. Alvo told Viana’s friends that not only would he help them but that he wanted to become more involved, to help change the future of a world that had taken Viana from him, that had denied him their time together.
They accepted his request and over a period of five years he eventually became their main point of contact in Strahgervand. Their numbers began to grow, actions against Sa Jatah became more frequent and widespread, people in positions of influence began to ask questions of The Council, began to realise that these were not isolated incidents, that organised resistance was apparent. Sa Intrium Mantah claimed that such resistance was impossible, but behind closed doors they redoubled their efforts to discover the source of the troubles, allowed Sa Tahgus an unfettered hand to try and eradicate this rapidly spreading disease of disaffection. When they did discover something tangible, great show was made of bringing the perpetrators to justice, to demonstrate that Sa Jatah and Sa Intrium Mantah were unassailable, that such futile activities were only the work of a few disturbed individuals, and to satisfy the growing demands from those in Sa Jatah’s elite who had begun to suspect that something was astir in the dim lit back streets of the ancient cities.
It was around this time that a man called Cramos Karak was arrested by Sa Tahgus for illegally printing and circulating a self-published book, a savage satirical critique of the realities of life under Sa Jatah. Hundreds of thousands of copies went out to the peoples of Tolmara and beyond before Sa Tahgus broke down the door to the secret printing press. Then they made a mistake. They gave Cramos a public trial, and for days it occupied much of the Dra bulletins as people were almost transfixed to their viewers at the eloquence with which Cramos defended himself. However, his erudition and plausibility did not impress the judicial committee that conducted the trial and they sentenced him to life imprisonment in the Thernian mines. 
They did give him one option; if he would reveal the names of  those who had helped organise his dissident activities, they would reduce his sentence, a great temptation for a man not much more than forty in a world where life imprisonment meant incarceration until death. Cramos’s words to the committee in reply were seen throughout Charos. He stood before them, his stance unbowed, and smiled in self-assurance: “If a man stands in a valley and shouts out for justice, only those nearby will hear his plea. If that same man writes down his call, his words can then be heard beyond the valley, even unto the whole world. I will not give you a single name, but I will give you the name of those I serve, whose beliefs I share - they are Sa Domari. I shall answer no more questions. Indeed, I vow to never say another word, as long as I live in a world where the truth cannot be told.”
From that moment on, during the rest of the trial and while in captivity, Cramos never spoke again, toiling in absolute silence alongside his fellow prisoners. Not much more than a year later he was killed when an ore loader crushed him against the wall of a mineshaft. No-one believed it was an accident. All knew that his silent protest eventually became too much for his guards who were used to hearing the curses of the men and women  they worked to a slow and early death. Such incidents were common in the Thernian mines and no questions were ever asked over the end of one more malcontent. But Cramos left a legacy, he gave Alvo and his ever expanding number of comrades a name; Sa Domari - The Free - a name they took to heart and determined to make a reality.

Alvo, sitting alone in his dwelling, the message to Earth on the table before him, thought back on the twenty five years since Cramos Karak had uttered the words Sa Domari and given the rallying cry to the long afflicted peoples of Charos, They were years which Alvo had dedicated to the cause that now culminated in a brief epistle to a distant world, an attempt to prevent an interplanetary holocaust, to protect another species from the masters of his own. In all that time little had altered on Charos. Sa Domari had grown, had become a worldwide movement with followers and activists in every country, but still the five thousand Great Families held sway over every enterprise and resource on the planet, still people suffered and eked out their poverty stricken days with scant hope of reprieve. Sa Domari had grown into a force for change, it was true, but through Sa Tahgus, the power brokers of Sa Jatah relentlessly crushed all attempts to liberate the society. Sa Domari continued their harassment, engaging in sabotage, the redistribution of food, money, medical supplies and other necessities of life, they published clandestine tracts that spoke against Sa Jatah and encouraged a climate of resistance and desire for freedom.
But Charos was ill, the planet itself was reeling from the excesses of its inhabitants, most people were too concerned with their daily survival to give much credence to calls to arms against a system that had perpetuated itself for a century. Alvo had begun to believe that another hundred years would be needed to overcome Sa Jatah, but the presence of Earth and Creto Strahger’s plans for that unaware world, had changed everything. Sa Domari could not stand by and allow genocide on a planetary scale, could not allow Sa Jatah to leave the nest and spawn anew.
Alvo sighed, stood up and stretched. He walked into the bathing room and stood before the mirror, contemplating his face for a moment, considering he felt older than he looked. He brushed aside his somewhat morose thoughts and set himself to concentrate on the task at hand. Around the mirror were translucent green targah stones, not expensive and a common adornment in Tolmaran households. He reached up his index finger and placed it on the stone at the top right hand corner. The scanner concealed in the wall behind the stone recognised his fingerprint and the mirror slid down revealing a secret compartment that contained the tools of Alvo’s  trade, the paraphernalia of his struggle against a sea of oppression. Digital cards, code books, miniature cameras, works by dissident writers - all enough to earn him a seat in the executioner’s cage on the Great Festival Day when public executions were carried out, a single hot laser beam burning through his forehead and into his brain at the speed of light. He took what he needed and returned to his main room and work table.
Taking the black ink scrawled paper, he sprayed it with an aerosol compound. Before his eyes the words faded and disappeared. Next he took thin films of almost invisible plastic with a great deal of typed text on them, looking almost like words floating free in the air. With the greatest care he laid the thin sheets over the papers and then using another aerosol, sprayed them again, causing the plastic sheets to adhere to the papers. What he was left with was what appeared to be a dissertation on Tolmaran diplomatic etiquette that would withstand any casual examination. When the papers were later treated with the appropriate chemical solutions, the thin sheets of plastic would lift away and the original message would reappear. A digital card might arouse suspicion, but such a printed treatise in the possession of someone of Alvo’s profession and status would not seem unusual.
Alvo looked at the papers, appearing so innocuous, and considered how strange it was that such a small thing, a mere few words on pieces of paper, could shake and shape the lives of millions upon millions, could move worlds. He suddenly thought of Viana, wished that she was there to share this moment of the struggle with him. He imagined what she would say. He could almost hear her telling him not to be pretentious, to remember that he was just the messenger, that it was no time to contemplate the making of history, that he must simply do what was required with purpose and clarity of mind. He smiled at the thought, breathed out a soft sigh that seemed to sound back across all the years of strife and resolved himself to complete his task.
*
Alvo got off the Maglev train at the last station and began to walk into a secluded section of the southern quarter of Strahgervand, where there were few facial recognition cameras. The air had only a faint acrid tinge, a strong westerly had swept much of the day’s smog out to sea, it was the beginning of Lorias season - summer - and the warm weather had come early. Alvo adjusted the digital thermal regulators on his one piece silda suit and soon they had cooled him to a more comfortable temperature. He preferred the traditional Tolmaran robe in Lorias season, but it was customary for a man in his position to wear a dignified version of the silda suit, in sombre greens, greys and browns, a convention somewhat ameliorated by the silda suit’s efficiency in keeping the wearer warm in winter and cool in summer.
In the distance he could see the multilevel towers with their glowing pearl-coloured domes reaching towards the steady gleam of Kata and the pallid grey crescent of Charos’s moon, Jota, its thin light diluted by the pollution clinging to the stratosphere. He walked amongst the dwellings of the ordinary people of Strahgervand, their windows soft yellow eyes in the black and white shadows and angles that struck out from the unplanned and ramshackle structures. This was not the poorest quarter of Strahgervand, but the people living there would be engaged in a daily struggle; never quite enough to escape to the more dignified, spacious dwellings of the north where those who were rising in the ranks of Sa Jatah lived in comfort.
Alvo could smell epah and suikan meat cooking, herbs and spices, could see indistinct silhouettes moving past the windows, could hear the sound of conversations, laughter and the low murmur of viewers coming through open doorways. He considered how ordinary it all seemed, how far removed from the events he was embroiled in. He suddenly felt as if the papers he carried in the inside pocket of his suit were of too great an import, that there should be some grandiose ceremony to accompany his quiet steady footsteps. It seemed to him he was insignificant as he walked, an unremarkable man strolling through the night, yet if each of those people pursuing their simple routines behind each of those walls could read the words he carried with him, surely it would change them, be a sudden and profound revelation.
He was still lost in these thoughts when suddenly, a hand reached out from the black square of a doorway and grasped with an urgent strength at the sleeve of his silda suit. Alvo was startled. His first thought was Sa Tahgus, of discovery, capture. He snatched his arm away, felt his heart beating hard, but something about the hand, its filthy nails, the thin bones outlined against the rough skin, made him hesitate.
“Can you spare some krela?” The voice immediately eased Alvo’s fears, a weary voice, defeated. The beggar leaned out from the doorway where he had settled down to sleep and held out the grey hand in supplication. Alvo had seen a hundred like him. The face grey and thin, taut and wind-burned after long exposure to the elements. The eyes hardened of expression, lacklustre, a mirror of unfulfilled expectations and forgotten hopes. The man wore the Tolmaran robe, once fawn, it was mottled with stains and an accumulation of harsh living. He would not be able to afford the silda suit with its built in heating, he would battle the winter still dressed in the robe, and if the winter was severe, might freeze to death. It was obvious he cut his own hair, a ragged crown about the wan face. At his feet was a plain brown sack, made from the cheap coarse fibre of the temaras flax plant. It was old and worn and looked as if in itself, it held a thousand sad tales.
“What are you doing here?” Alvo said. “If Sa Tahgus catch you begging in this sector you could be sent to prison.”
“True brother. But it can be more lucrative than the eastern quarter.” The man gave a cracked, cough-shot laugh. “And a labour camp would put a swift end to this life at least. So what about it? Can you spare some krela? I haven’t eaten today.”
Alvo grunted. “All right,” he said, taking out his krela encoder. “Give me your card.” The beggar presented his krela card and Alvo slipped it into the thin black encoder. Alvo considered the man looked almost ill, he wanted to help him as far as he could, but if he gave him too much credit, questions could be asked. All krela cards carried information on the owner, making it possible for Sa Tahgus to know how they spent their money. The cards were issued by the krela houses and encoded with the owner’s personal identification number, a number issued at birth to all citizens of Charos. To give the beggar money, Alvo had to slip his own card into the other side of  the encoder, and then use his fingerprint to activate the device and make the transaction. The beggar’s card would then record the fact that the money had come from Alvo’s card. Sa Domari had managed to manufacture usable fake krela cards and rigged encoders, but Alvo was not in possession of either this night.
If he encountered a random search and they found such items on his person it could lead to a closer examination of the papers he was carrying, and that could mean disaster. Strictly speaking, it was illegal to give money to transients, but that notwithstanding, people often gave them a little something. Besides which, there were twenty million transactions a day in Strahgervand alone, so the risk in giving the beggar something was negligible. Alvo transferred one hundred krela from his balance to the man’s card and handed it back to him.
“A hundred krela! You are generous brother,” the beggar said, his chapped lips breaking into a smile as he regarded the tiny luminous display of the balance on his card.
“Well ...” said Alvo. “Don’t go spending it round here. If they make a random check it would not be good for a man in my position to be seen giving money to beggars. What led you to this? Drink? Drugs? Or are you Soltar?”
“Soltar brother. Three years ago.”
“I thought so. What was the crime?”
“I owned a bookstore,” said the beggar, his eyes seeming to shine for a moment with a remembered enthusiasm. “Not one of those ... factories ... with the neon erotic murals and the mirrors, the viewer-card places where the shelves are full of obsequious Sa Jatah tomes passing themselves off as the culture of Tolmara. No, I sold antique books, the kind with beautiful printed pages. The kind that gave off an aroma of knowledge when you opened them, the kind you could tuck into your robe, placing the wisdom right here, close to the heart.” The beggar sighed at the memory, then seemed to deflate a little, his eyes clouded over. “I did sell some modern viewer-card volumes as well, things I could live with. I wasn’t prosperous, but I got by. Then one day a woman came in. She wanted to see ‘unusual’ books, as she put it. Works by Seetha Crado, Cramos Karak, Silah Diosa, others. She was Sa Tahgus of course. I should have known.”
Alvo nodded and grunted in sympathy. “Listen,” he said. “I know some people who might be able to help you. If you go to the Argani Road in the eastern quarter, there is a laundry at the end of it. The couple who run it have sympathy for the Soltar, they may be able to give you some work, send you to others who can help. They can be trusted, but they cannot pay much.”
“A starving man is glad for the taste of plain bread. I will go there tomorrow. Thank you brother.”
“I wish I could do more. Anyway, be fortunate. Ar nosa.”
“Blessings of Domah brother. Thank you. Ar nosa.”
Alvo walked away. He could probably do much more for the man through Sa Domari, but there was always the possibility he was Sa Tahgus himself, a trap, and tonight of all nights he could not take such a chance. But most likely the man’s tale was a true one. He was Soltar - The Fallen - his crime considered too insignificant by Sa Tahgus to have a public trial. They merely turned him into a non-citizen, freezing his accounts and locking him out of his property so he was forced to live on the streets where he would suffer the disdain of society and finding employment was all but impossible. The only money he would have would be that which he carried on the krela card, never able to use it to draw on any account from the krela houses, never enough to re-establish a life. Alvo sighed. There were many Soltar these days, ten years ago, not so many. The man’s prognosis was not good. If Sa Tahgus caught him begging it meant a certain beating and the likelihood of a labour camp. If he eluded them, his life was one of casual, probably exploitative employment, sifting through rubbish and the city parks and doorways for a bed. Still, his circumstances would be much improved if he took Alvo’s advice. The laundry was just one workplace in an informal network known to Sa Domari. They could be used on occasions as safe-houses, or, as in this case, to provide work when discretion was required. Alvo hoped the beggar would have better luck tomorrow and turned his thoughts to his own task.

He walked a great distance, away from the cameras and suspicious eyes, until the dwellings became sparser, more run down. Whole buildings nothing more than heaps of rubble, broken glass and twisted metal, the words and laughter of their former tenants long gone, leaving only the sighing of a dull wind across the scattered debris, like the faint echo of a forgotten, hopeful song. The area had once been designated for renewal but a power struggle within the Strahgervand city committee had led to the decision to spend the money on improvements in the northern quarter where the Sa Jatah elite resided, helping to ensure certain city committee members’ continued tenure.
They had demolished large tracts of housing and buildings, but the rebuilding was always deferred. Now it was a wasteland, uninhabited and abandoned, like a bare patch on  the hide of the city. Alvo continued walking, seeing by the light of Kata and Jota alone, for no street-lighting remained in the area. At last he came to a vast swathe of empty land, where all the buildings had been removed in preparation for modern, affordable housing that never eventuated. He walked out into this area and stood there waiting in its centre, his senses alert and expectant. He took out of his pocket his small, portable viewer and communicator and checked the time. He was a little early and settled to wait. It was fortunate that Sa Domari technicians had long ago altered his communicator so that it could not be tracked by Sa Tahgus. Any examination of the device or tracking by computer, would give his location as his own home. He was just starting to worry a little that something may have gone wrong when from the distance a figure appeared, small in that emptiness, striding purposefully towards him.
Alvo felt his heart rate increase. This was always the worst moment. What if somewhere in the chain of command there had been a betrayal? What if this was a Sa Tahgus agent walking steadily towards him, and all his plans were about to unravel and fall into rags at his feet?  He steadied himself mentally, this was the nature of his calling, caught always in the calculation of the risk against the worth of the goal. Soon the figure was close enough to observe clearly. Alvo could see he was dressed in a formal, expensive silda suit, a soft pearl-grey in the half-light. He had close cropped hair, a thin black beard, well groomed. He glanced about himself as he approached, at once casual and carefully appraising. His every movement seeming to suggest he assessed the consequences of each action, that he was set to respond to any danger, but was self-possessed and quietly assured, confident in his abilities. When he came close Alvo could see a face that was lined but still youthful, with eyes that reflected a sense of determination and were lit with an inner vitality. At last he stopped and gave Alvo an easy smile that ameliorated the air of alertness and a certain tension in the expression.
“Are you travelling alone brother?” The voice was deep, a little coarse-edged, but with a certainty of purpose.
“Yes, but only as far as the next town.” Alvo gave the coded countersign and his face also broke into an easy smile. “It’s good to see you again Vanta.”
“And good to see you Alvo. You are looking almost young my friend.”
“Hah! You are kindness itself. But each of these lines on my face has been well earned. And no need to mock your elders, you look like you’ve shed a few skins yourself.”
Vanta gave a half-laugh. “We’re both too old for this game Alvo. We were born old.”
“Perhaps. Certainly I felt old when I heard about Derios. What happened?”
“We’re not sure yet. As soon as they got inside the weapons storage section Sa Tahgus were waiting. They were not interested in taking prisoners. But all Sa Domari got out, with only three wounded. Sa Tahgus must have discovered one of the Derios cells. We’ve shut down operations there until we know more.”
“A wise precaution. An unfortunate business ... let me know when you find out what the problem was. Well ... time to do what we must. Has everything been arranged?”
“To the last detail. The messages will be encoded onto a digital card at the safe-house and the card will be delivered to the Space Elevator by first day after the next Akanta. Our people on board the space station will take care of the rest.”
“Good, good. But ... what if things go wrong on the station? What if our people there are discovered, everything will fall apart, we -”
“Relax Alvo!” Vanta raised a hand in reassurance. “They are some of our best operatives. I would trust them with my life. If there is a way to achieve a goal, they are the people to find it. You have done your part Alvo, have a little faith in the rest of us.”
Alvo half smiled. “You are right of course. I just want to win this one, more than anything we’ve done before. You know that. Do you have a good cover tonight? Is it sound?”
“Quite sound. We’re travelling as a sanitation systems delegation from Seloria. On our way to study the new computer control centre at the Kragarvand sewerage depot.” A slow smile spread over Vanta’s face. “I always knew I’d end up working with shit.”
Alvo gave a chuckle. “Well ...” he said. “At least it’s an honest occupation. But have you got good people with you? If you have problems at the checkpoints ... you must get out of the city.”
“Stop worrying Alvo. They’re the best we have. We’ve left nothing to chance for this matter. All will go according to plan, I’m sure.”
“I’m sorry Vanta. I know it’s in good hands with you. Anyway ... now the moment has come.” Alvo reached into his silda suit and withdrew the sheaf of papers. With a smile he handed them to Vanta. “Instructions on Tolmaran political etiquette. I’m sure you’ll find them fascinating.”
Vanta smiled wryly as he slipped them inside his own silda suit. “Not so fascinating as Sa Tahgus would find the words beneath.”
“Don’t even talk of that.” Alvo sighed and looked away for a moment. “Have you thought much about it Vanta?”
“How do you mean?”
“Well ... this meeting ... we’re at the fulcrum of history. Not of one world, but two. If we succeed ... it could mean the beginning of the end for Sa Jatah. They will have a new enemy. Earth itself, an entire world will be against them. We will have crossed the divide between two species. The consequences will ring out across the future, for thousands of years, perhaps always. You and I here tonight ... it seems so inconsequential ... yet, when all has been done, nothing will remain the same ... do you think they’ll remember us?”
Vanta gave a soft laugh. “Really Alvo, this is not the old campaigner talking. But ... yes, I have thought about it. How all we have done culminates in these moments, in this task. I try to put the thought aside, try not to think of my place in all of it ... I don’t need to persuade myself of what is at stake here. As to whether they’ll remember us ... I will say this much. I hope so, I certainly hope so. But ... let us save our speculations for an easier time, a time of peace perhaps. For now, I must get back to the vehicle and keep to the schedule. I’m sorry that as usual we have had little chance to talk.”
“I’m sorry too Vanta. I will content myself with looking forward to the day when we reminisce about this night over cold glasses of Kragarvand ale.”
“One day soon I hope Alvo. Ar nosa my friend.”
“Ar nosa Vanta. Be fortunate.”
Vanta smiled, turned and walked away. Alvo stood silent and watched him go. He considered his old friend’s words, and his mind was filled with hope that this would indeed be the blow to the heart of Sa Jatah that they had all strived towards for so many years. That the avarice of Sa Jatah and Creto Strahger towards Earth had opened the first real possibility of change, a ripple that would grow to a great wave that would sweep across both worlds and drown tyranny in its passing. At the same instant, he felt a sense of anxiety. This was the greatest prize they had ever played for, there were so many possibilities for failure, defeat.
He pushed his doubts into the background, let them become nothing more than a murmur. He thought once more of Viana. Thought that if his words reached Earth, if they could cross the distance that stood like the vast black space hanging between all peoples as they sought to communicate, to find meaning, if he could cross the great separateness where cruelty and intolerance were bred, touch the other side and another soul, Viana would not have suffered in vain, that her spirit would continue in that instant, and for always.

--     --    --

The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Two

Laria Praxi felt content as she sipped on the Agali wine, its warm taste lingering like a pleasant memory. It was a fine vintage, almost forty years old and she felt privileged to be able to partake of it. It was like a taste of summer itself on the Agali Isles, the Garba hawks screeching overhead as you stood on the high white cliffs, the sun and Kata burning into your eyes, the air like hot cloths wrapped round your body, the scent of the sea breeze alive, intoxicating. She had spent rest periods there many times, always in cheap accommodation, watching the white domed roofs of the fishing village houses glow pink and orange in the setting sun, but even there where wine was drunk with almost every meal she had never tasted such as this. That privilege she owed to the largesse of her host at the dinner party, Tarka Morvo, a renowned astrophysicist and the head of  the Space Research and Development centre where Laria had been employed since leaving Sa Intrius Ket.
She watched him now as he told a humorous anecdote about an enthusiastic but mostly incompetent Altorum scientist. His broad, oval face finished in a square-like jaw that was clean shaven, his whole body, gestures and expression conveyed the impression of comfortable prowess. A gold band with hieroglyphics depicting the history of his family was round his neck, an expensive accessory on any social occasion. He was from one of the Great Families, his father and grandfather before him having investments in the great tamaras plantations in the north-west of Tolmara and other parts of Charos. At an early age Tarka had eschewed this calling in favour of his love of science, and his abilities and dedication, coupled with his background, brought him to the top position at the centre within a decade. When he had finished his anecdote, he smiled broadly and held out his hands as if to say, ‘and there you have it’.
The guests laughed on cue, the sound rising into the air like the soft flutter of wings, polite, appropriate. They swirled the wine in their glasses and drank, reflecting the light of the eda-moss lamps into each other’s smiling eyes. The eda-moss lamps were a refined touch. Laria had only seen them once before in an opulent Strahgervand eating house. The eda-moss was florescent at night in the right mixture of gases, shining with a light that was gentle, milky, warm and pleasant to the eyes, giving skin tones a health-infused glow, eyes a pleasant glitter. The eda-moss was imported from the equatorial isle of Zianta and was hideously expensive, a testament to Tarka’s importance to, and place in Sa Jatah.
Laria had smiled and laughed with the others at Tarka’s story, but overall she felt a little out of place. She glanced round the small gathering wondering exactly why she had been invited. She was not yet one of the seniors that worked in the Space Research Programme and though she had often socialised with Tarka and others in the collective, this was the first time she had been invited to his home. Perhaps Tarka was attracted to her? She had heard that over the years he had had more than one affair with the women he worked alongside. But perhaps not, perhaps he just saw potential in her, her ability to grasp the principles of the Lieth Ah Domah project and apply them in a practical way. Her contribution so far had been mainly as an assistant, but one or two of her observations had helped in their progress to the eventual creation of the Lieth Ah Domah spacecraft. If Tarka had considered her beyond being just a colleague, he had given no overt demonstration of such thoughts. Beside which, his partner Crali Marnah was a stunning woman.
She was a beauty who moved through the ranks of Sa Jatah like a soft wind though a green field of sila grass, the tall stems the people, sighing and bowing as she passed. She was a socialite, influential, and had a powerful mind of her own. Laria looked at her seated next to Tarka, her thin face, the high forehead with the hair pinned back tight in Tolmaran style. Her face was make-up tanned, considered attractive in Sa Jatah circles. She wore a tight fitting bright green robe and a silver amulet around her neck, secured by a slim gold chain.
Laria by comparison felt herself rather plain. She did make-up tan her face on most days, but not to the robust hue of Crali. Her dark hair was pulled tight across the back of her head and pinned in the customary fashion. Tolmaran women seldom wore their hair loose except in love-making encounters. Laria’s dominant feature were her large eyes, a calm deep blue, beset with long black lashes. Her nose was small, her lips full. Her natural expression was studious, an earnest face, perhaps betraying the long years of study and the analytical way she viewed her work and the world. She was of small stature with a certain gangly aspect.
Growing up she had always felt something of a misfit until she went to Sa Intrius Ket and met people who valued her for her intellect rather than looks or social status. During those years she became adept and achieved a degree of notoriety playing the old Tolmaran game of Holusa, a pastime that appealed to her logical mind. She could sit absorbed and untiring in games that often lasted more than ten hours at a time. Holusa, originally came from Morlum but had been played in various forms in Tolmara for over five hundred years. Laria loved the psychological manoeuvring as players sat around a large model of imaginary provinces, each representing a clan trying to take political and economic control. Players were allocated a certain number of assassinations, bribes of figures of authority, had capital to acquire property and industry, and also military forces which often fought protracted battles.
Games were avidly played and followed on an organised basis throughout Tolmara and in other countries, vast sums often being wagered on their outcomes. Laria was skilled at the bluff and counter-bluff, stealth and strategy required to win and also enjoyed the social contact the game had given her, felt the playing of it had been a useful study of her fellow creatures, a study in life itself. She had become good enough to be chosen along with three others from her school to participate in the Sa Intrius Ket national finals, which they had decisively won. Now she only played at a social level, with collective colleagues and friends. Her work was always her first love, the concepts, the equations, the chipping away at the cosmos, like a miner who spent their entire life in search of one great, glittering, translucent amna stone, finding small gems, small truths on the way, always hoping to at last find the one that eclipsed them all.
It was her father that had led her towards a career in science. He had been a computer technician by trade but was fascinated by the scientific world, spending his spare time reading material on chemistry, mathematics, physics, cosmology and biology. Laria could remember sitting in the warmth on winter evenings and hearing him talk of enzymes, electromagnetic radiation and harmonic equations as another child might listen to myths and legends.
With her inquiring and agile intellect she showed promise in physics and mathematics at an early age, and by the time she emerged from Sa Intrius Ket she had already secured herself a place and future at the Space Research and Development Centre, honoured to find herself working in a collective with the eminent Tarka Morvo at its head. When they succeeded in developing the prototype of the Lieth Ah Domah spacecraft, Laria saw her ambitions realised before she was thirty. Now, when she was alone of an evening, she would sit before her viewer and study the images from the many space telescopes that orbited Charos, gazing at the pinpoints of fire that had blazed for billions of years before her birth and imagining herself crossing the void to discover what secrets they might hold close to their radiant hearts, what worlds circled them awaiting strangers from out of the distant black.
So it was that the course she had followed found her this night at a dinner party organised by one of the most influential scientists on Charos, a man who had played no small part in placing the first step on a bridge across the silent chasm that began at the edge of their solar system. Of the others at the gathering were two people who she worked with, although she considered she did not know them well in a social sense. Seated next to Crali was Esan Varga, a broad shouldered, rough featured man in his mid sixties with a hard expression about his eyes and looking as if he would be more at home raising an oil derrick in Tolmara’s distant north or driving an ore-loader into the mouth of one of the great mines in Kaleiros where he was from. Though he had lived for forty years in Tolmara, he still retained the rolling accent of his home province. He was a close friend of Tarka’s and an innovative and brilliant engineer, it was he and his team that had made the Lieth Ah Domah craft a working reality.
Across the table from him was a slim woman in her early eighties with high cheekbones and wide, attentive eyes. She had a certain ascetic appearance and wore a minimum of makeup tan and jewellery. She was Triala Edak, as unassuming as she was brilliant. A noted physicist and mathematician in her own right, she was in many ways the powerhouse that had brought the Lieth Ah Domah project to fruition. She not only contributed scientifically but was the liaison between the project and Sa Intrium Mantah and Sa Intrium Drakah - The Council of Science - also the various bureaucracies the project personnel had to deal with. Though they had always had the full backing of the Sa Jatah hierarchy, it was her tact and reasonable words that often kept the whole endeavour from being side tracked by petty squabbles. Laria had at first regarded her as somewhat aloof, she too was of one of  the Great Families and always seemed to convey an atmosphere of her awareness of her own fine lineage. But she was committed to the achievements of the collective, and had on occasion encouraged Laria to be assertive with her own contributions.
The others at the table seemed to be mainly friends and acquaintances of Crali’s, from the circles she moved in within Sa Jatah. Opposite Laria was a balding, portly man, dressed ostentatiously in a crimson robe, who Laria had gathered was some sort of mining director or engineer for one of the Great Family mining enterprises. His partner sat beside him, a large woman who seemed as if the amount of jewellery she was bedecked with would make free movement difficult. She had large white teeth which seemed to be permanently on display as she maintained an almost constant smile, interrupted only by a high pitched laugh out of keeping with her plump form.
Next to her was a man of refined appearance, dressed in a sober black robe, without a speck of jewellery save a large silver ring that clacked every time he picked up his glass. He was introduced to Laria as Dorgad, a senior Tolmaran diplomat, and earlier in the evening she had learned that he and his partner were recently returned from a posting in Altorum. His partner, a mere waif of a woman, though blessed with beautiful features, was seated next to Laria. She was dressed in an intricately spiral patterned robe, inlaid with gold thread. She wore earrings that were made from large, finely cut amna stones, accessories that in themselves would have emptied Laria’s krela account. Laria had tried all evening to engage her in conversation, but came to the conclusion that she had spent too long in diplomatic circles as her conversation revolved around the weather in the various parts of Charos she had visited or the latest fashions coming out of Seloria and Margavand.
Laria had managed to chat amicably at times with Triala on her left, largely about matters pertaining to the collective, but mostly the group traded gossip, usually about people who were unknown to Laria, limiting her contribution to the flow of conversation. In the usual style of the Tolmaran elite, a professional cook and two serving staff had prepared and presented the meal. It was, on this occasion, traditional fare from Morlum, a range of spicy meat dishes and herb breads, delicate sauces and tangy salads. The excellent food had been complemented by Morlum fruit wines, and it was only now, with all the courses cleared away, that the first bottles of Agali wine were being consumed with relish as a fitting end to an evening of fine food. The portly mining director, Sagar, was the first to offer praise to their host. 
“A fine meal Tarka,” he said in his jowly voice, beaming congenially. “I honour your cook. And may I say I have not often tasted wine of such fullness of flavour, it is indeed a privilege.” The others at the table murmured similar sentiments and Tarka bowed his head and smiled in polite deference to their compliments.
“Morlum cuisine was an inspired choice,” the mining director’s wife, Resia, said with enthusiasm. “I believe it is enjoying quite a renewal in popularity. I may serve it myself at our next gathering. Perhaps I can make use of your cook Tarka, though I imagine he is expensive, but I believe expense should never be a barrier to pleasing friends, one should never deny them the best if it is on offer.” She gave a broad smile and looked round the table as if seeking confirmation for her stance from the other guests.
“You cannot find better wine than that from Agali,” Sagar went on. “I have drunk wines from all over Charos, but there is something in the Agali climate, or perhaps the soil, some touch they have that lets their beverage surpass all others. I don’t know what it is.”
Tarka smiled. “I was fortunate to obtain this particular vintage,” he said. “It is not usually available on the open market, but I have an old friend on the Agali science committee. At the end of every Lorias season a shipment arrives. I try to make it last all year, but it is sometimes difficult.”
“I have heard,” said Sagar, tilting his half full glass and regarding the contents. “That the people of Earth also enjoy fine wines, that it is a great industry there. Do you suppose they would enjoy anything as refined as this Tarka?” He sat back in his chair with a knowing smile on his face.
Tarka shifted uncomfortably, and then steepled his fingers together, elbows on the table. “Well, that would be a matter for conjecture Sagar. You know the question of Earth is a matter that can be neither confirmed or denied.”
“Oh come, come,” Sagar said with a chuckle. “Let our tongues be straight as the saying goes. You are quite safe here. There is no-one in this room that does not know of Earth, that has not heard stories of its people. All senior Sa Jatah members have some knowledge at least of the data the probes have been sending back. It is true that the common people of Charos remain unenlightened, for their own good, but we are all approved, all in the know, why should we not discuss it?”
Well ...” said Tarka, leaning back into his chair. “We may speculate on such a world, certainly, but I can offer no insight if that is what you seek.”
“I hear the women there are little more than slaves,” Resia exclaimed, her smile as wide as ever. “The men have as many partners as they choose and nobody does anything about it!”
“Perhaps so,” Triala put in, her voice sounding faintly amused. “But perhaps also such an arrangement would appeal to the men of Tolmara, indeed all Charos, should such a thing become known.” A faint laugh rippled round the table and the black-robed diplomat Dorgad leaned forward.
“Such a custom would not be tolerated,” he said. He waved his hand airily. “We are fortunate that the history of Sa Jatah has always stressed the equality of women, the value of their contribution through all levels of society, in every collective and upon every committee. In our world a person only has to take advantages of  their opportunities to fulfil their potential.” He turned and smiled almost beatifically at his partner. The others smiled also, as did Laria, though hers was inspired by a sense of irony. 
She doubted the diplomat’s partner would ever have much say in their decisions. For herself she had encountered prejudice on several occasions. She well remembered presenting her first substantial thesis at Sa Intrius Ket, or rather the comment she got from an aged tutor when he returned it to her. ‘A fine first effort, especially for a woman. There are many collectives that require sure and steady workers. I’m certain if you keep up this standard there will be a secure place for you somewhere.’ Sa Jatah did indeed claim equality for all, but Laria, on her path to her present status, had lost count of the times she had been asked when she was going to take a partner and start a family. She was tempted to speak out, but Triala saved her the trouble.
“Sa Jatah is indeed wise, as we all know,” she said with a half smile. “Yet I have observed that women are often underrepresented in certain areas. For example, Sa Intrium Drakah, though it has been in existence for over a hundred years, has never had a woman member. An aberration do you believe? Or are our women simply destined for other callings?”
Laria smiled to herself. Triala, widely acknowledged as one of the most able physicists on Charos, had been nominated twice for Sa Intrium Drakah, and both times the sitting members had rejected her, a matter that caused a flurry of argument within scientific circles. There were many who supported her bid, who felt she was easily the best candidate on both occasions, and it was generally felt by those same supporters that had she been male, the position would have been hers without dissension. The diplomat smiled. He was perhaps well aware of this controversy for his answer was tactful.
“I am certain Triala,” he said, nodding towards her. “That it is only a matter of time before women take their place on Sa Intrium Drakah, and I am sure it will be someone as talented and dedicated as yourself leading the way. I will claim it as an aberration then, as you suggested, and accept that we must all strive to maintain the principles upon which our society is well founded. After all, the perfect statue may be carved from the imperfect stone.”
“Of course, of course,” said Sagar brightly. “There will always be room for improvement, even on Charos. But the competition between the sexes can wait. We should also be concerned with practical matters. I speak now of resources. We must have the resources to maintain the standards to which we have become accustomed.” He looked round the table at each face, lowering his voice a little. “I speak in confidence now, though I know I can trust all here, but we in the mining sector are becoming concerned. It is not that Charos does not have mineral deposits, it is the economics of the thing. The Great Families who manage the mining sectors seem to take an ever greater share of the profits. It is possible that within a few decades many mining operations will become unaffordable. Even our moon, Jota, will fail to provide if we cannot find the krela to keep ore extraction there on an even footing. As to the asteroid belt, it has so far proved disappointing in terms of available minerals compared to the cost of extracting them. This is why the discovery of Earth excites me. Why ... a world that is not entirely unlike Charos, that is young in its technology, could be just the solution we have been seeking. The possibilities for trade, for new sources of minerals ... tell me Tarka, do you not see the potential? Do you not consider it likely that we shall soon have such an advantage?”
“You are determined to turn the conversation to Earth, Sagar,” Tarka said with a resigned smile. “Let me say that I know little of such a possibility should the existence of Earth ever be confirmed by Sa Intrium Mantah.”
 “By Domah Tarka!” Sagar exclaimed. “You play with words. But we cannot stand still. Every year is vital to a solution. My colleagues and I seek out those that will listen, surely you are in a position to have some influence?”
Before Tarka could reply, Esan, who had not spoken for some time, cleared his throat and leaned towards Sagar. “If Earth is as many have claimed, what makes you so sure they would trade with us, spare us their resources? What concern should Earth have with the problems of mineral mining on Charos and elsewhere in our solar system? They may tell us to ‘go climb the mountain on your own’ as the old saying goes.”
“Then perhaps we would be within our rights to force them to trade,” Sagar said. “We are talking about the very survival of Charos, of our way of life. If the Great Families are to live as they have been accustomed to, and indeed all of the peoples of Charos, we would need another planet to sustain us. Earth is the simple solution. There the ore extraction is not a problem. All we would need to do would be to establish Space Elevators to ferry the ore to the waiting ships. Once the route is established, we will have a continuous supply. We already have the technology to use Earth as a source of material. I can see no reason for not proceeding with such a venture.”
“A fleet of ore carrying ships continually crossing interstellar space ... it would be quite an engineering feat,” Esan said.
“Well ...” said Sagar. “We can reach Earth as things stand. Perhaps in the near future the Space Programme will develop something that puts it closer still. You must have ideas and theories in that direction, some scheme that merely awaits the right circumstances to be brought to actuality?”
Esan folded his arms and smiled. Tarka, Triala and Laria all glanced at each other. The Lieth Ah Domah project and its faster than light capability was highly classified. As yet, no-one beyond those directly involved knew of it. None of them could discuss the matter and they certainly did not want to be put into the situation of revealing their breakthrough at a social occasion. It was Triala who came to their collective rescue.
“You are getting ahead of yourself Sagar,” she said. “We all are. After all, what do any of us really know? We must consider the implications of one species contacting another. Particularly if one species is more advanced, especially technologically. What effect will it have on our societies? How will our cultures be changed? How will it affect us economically, socially, psychologically, and dare I say it, politically? For example, what about religion? It was only two hundred years ago that the followers of Sa Arva Ah Domah, our only surviving major religion, believed Charos was a place where souls came from the divine realm to learn of compassion, empathy and forgiveness. It was believed that souls returned again and again to Charos, that there were only two real worlds, Charos and the divine realm. Kata was a mere light, to guide the troubled through the night, the stars mere jewels that pleased the eye of Domah. 
“These days they have accepted the scientific evidence of the nature of the physical universe, now they must confront the possibility that Charos is not the only abode of journeying souls beyond the divine realm. Perhaps a similar effect can be expected on Earth. And perhaps also, their manner of living will be abhorrent to us. Or perhaps appealing, perhaps the people of Charos would demand to live as the people of Earth do, or the people of Earth demand what we enjoy on Charos. And just think of the technology! What would be the dangers of giving them our knowledge?”
“You are quite right Triala,” the diplomat said, nodding sagely. “I have heard that Earth is a savage place. It is a divided, squabbling world. Apparently  they spend most of their time making war upon each other. They have not acquired the unity that Sa Jatah provides. To give a primitive species our advantages would indeed pose a danger to us.”
“I think that is a negative viewpoint,” Laria said. “The meeting of our two species would be the greatest event in history. Just think of the possibilities from a scientific perspective, think of the advances that might be made. We should not look upon Earth as a threat, rather as a new beginning for both worlds. We should not regard them as simply a new source of minerals or wealth, we must approach them as our equals, we must not impose our own values and beliefs, but start with an open mind, receptive to what they can teach us and to what we can teach them. I also believe Sa Intrium Mantah should tell all of Charos everything they know about Earth, that all should have the chance to share in the knowledge and what may be gained.”
“Oh no!” exclaimed Resia. “I believe it would alarm the common people. It would only bring trouble.”
“I must agree with you,” Dorgad said, smiling generously at Resia. “Sa Intrium Mantah cannot simply announce that an inhabited distant world has been found. Triala has spoken truly when she says we must first consider the implications. Earth must be soundly studied to see if contact would indeed be beneficial to Charos. And if that is to happen, the ordinary peoples of Charos must be prepared, they must be allowed to adjust to the concept that we have neighbours in this hitherto lonely galaxy. We here tonight are of course privileged to have some knowledge of this matter. But we must respect the wisdom of Sa Intrium Mantah, trust them with the task of informing the general populace when the time is right and it is in the best interests of Charos.”
 “I cannot accept such a philosophy,” Laria said. She felt disturbed at Sagar’s suggestion that Earth might be compelled to trade by force and she felt annoyance at the tone of smug superiority that accompanied the diplomat’s words, felt the issue was not one that could be so easily dismissed. “After all, does not the Great Charter of Sa Jatah say; ‘Knowledge is the building block of truth and all shall have access to knowledge, so that they might hear and speak the truth.’ Surely the knowledge that there exists another inhabited world with an intelligent species is the greatest of truths, and to deny such knowledge to any person is the greatest of lies?”
“I see we have an idealist amongst us,”Dorgad said with a half chuckle, looking round the others as if for support. “I admire your words, and of course we all strive to implement the Great Charter in our everyday lives. But we also live with reality, with the need on occasions for expediency, for caution. Earth is not another scientific discovery ... such as ... electricity, or atomic power, both obviously beneficial things. With Earth we would be dealing with a species with its own thoughts and desires, the potential for possible conflict would be enormous. The way they see the universe and the way we see it may have no common ground. The meeting between our two races could be cataclysmic were it not handled with the utmost care. I believe there is the chance for an event such as this to create major instability, indeed, to even shatter our culture and society. We may need fifty, or even a hundred years, before such a step is taken.”
Laria was about to respond when Sagar spoke. “I think we are being overly concerned with what may or may not happen,” he said waving his hand as if to dismiss all previous arguments. “The people of Earth will understand the benefits of contact with Charos as much as anybody would. Or they could be forced to understand. Think of it! Not just another country, but an entire world to trade with. As to the rest of it, we need only tell them what we wish of Charos, we would be the superior culture ... we could limit contact to whatever level we desire.”
“I think you are being too enthusiastic,” Esan said. “What will be the price of this trade?  If we have the means to reach across interstellar space to another world, they will demand it also. Our technology will be the great prize. Can we really afford to relinquish such an advantage?”
“Well I think,” said Laria, determined not to let the argument stray from her point. “That Sa Intrium Mantah underestimates the people. I am certain they will adapt without resort to mayhem. After all, society did not disintegrate when it was discovered that Charos orbited the sun and not the other way round, that Kata and Tokata were not, as was thought for thousands of years by some cultures, gods, suitable for worship. It is simply a matter of the right to know.”
“Perhaps we should leave the question of Earth for the present,” Tarka said, leaning his elbows on the table and smiling. “We all have strong views, that much is clear, but to discuss in depth what cannot be known in depth is somewhat futile. We shall all have to trust that Sa Intrium Mantah is acting as wisely as always, and I have no doubt that is the case. It is an issue that will be satisfactorily resolved when sufficient information is to hand. Let me refill your glasses and we shall talk of other things. Indeed, I will indulge myself and tell you of the time Crali and I sailed our boat to Morlum ...”
At Tarka’s sudden closing of the subject, Laria felt irritated. He probably knew more of Earth than all of them put together, and as she half-listened to his tale she wondered why he was so circumspect. All in the Space Programme were excited by the prospect of Earth, of the Lieth Ah Domah drive bringing it within easy reach. To deny the wonder of such a possibility to the rest of Charos seemed to her unnecessarily politic. She had always believed that scientific discovery had as part of its purpose the goal of setting people free, of liberating their minds through the acquisition of understanding of the mysteries of the cosmos. To ration out that knowledge to the privileged few, to hold on to it in the name of caution was surely contrary to the founding principles of Sa Jatah. As to talk of using force against a less developed civilization, she shuddered inwardly at the thought. Still, she had surprised herself by speaking out as much as she had.
She had not always been shy of political causes. At Sa Intrius Ket, where the students had a reputation for complaining about everything from the quality of their meals to the decisions of Sa Intrium Mantah, she had sometimes gotten involved. Occasionally the students would hold a heated meeting which consisted of a great deal of rhetoric and sometimes shouting but seldom amounted to more than that. Laria’s fellow students and friends encouraged her to attend, and for a time she shared their enthusiasm. But the world had its realities and a person just had to make their way as best they could she felt as she got older. It was little use complaining because it was not perfect. Her father had taught her that each individual should follow the principles of Sa Jatah in their daily lives and in that way a better society would be created as a natural consequence. She preferred to follow her father’s advice and trust that it would lead to some good. But she was aware that the principles of Sa Jatah were not always observed in practice.

When at Sa Intrius Ket she had become romantically involved with a young man named Keda Tartha, in a way, her first real love. He was a transfer student from Chiata, a country on the large continent south of the equator and Altorum. Chiata had been dominated originally by the Altorum empire and then upon the defeat of Altorum, by Tolmara and Sa Jatah. In its far north, close to the equator, was a Space Elevator installation that was important to the Space Programme, second only in significance to the one on Creethum. One year it was decided to augment the power generated by Chiata’s six nuclear reactor stations, principally to supply a growing heavy industry base in the south. To this end it was decided to build a dam across the great Badili river, the largest dam ever constructed in the history of Chiata. A great lake would be created and much farmland flooded in the process. Keda’s family owned some of the land affected, they and their antecedents had farmed there on a small scale for over three hundred years. Keda became quite passionate about the plan, the compensation offered his family being in reality inadequate for them to re-establish themselves as they had been and forcing them and others affected to consider moving south for work in the great factories.
There were a dozen or so students from Chiata at the school and Keda organised them into a protest group. They tried to make their views known to the head of the dam construction project, the Chiata council and even Sa Intrium Mantah itself. There were also protests by the farmers in Chiata but they all fell on deaf ears. Keda tried to interest Sa Intrium Dra in his story but they merely advised him to make his complaints through appropriate channels. Keda was angry and frustrated that he could not make his voice heard, and was distressed that his family was to be so easily disregarded in the greater interests of Sa Jatah and Chiata. In the end he went too far.
He and the other Chiata students travelled to central Strahgervand and gathered outside the soaring tower of Sa Intrium Mantah, the great white monolith with its vast avenues of sweeping arches below, where Sa Intrium Mantaha actually met. They had painted black circles on their foreheads, an old Chiata custom to indicate a death in the family and that the person so marked was in a period of mourning, a practice seldom seen in modern times except in the more isolated rural areas. They handed out a booklet they had printed themselves that outlined their case, a few passersby taking them. They sang old songs of Chiata patriotism and shouted their anger at the great white building, its domed top almost touching the clouds, well out of hearing of a few lonely voices. A short time after that, Sa Tahgus arrived and arrested them all. 
Laria lost many of her illusions when Keda returned the next day, looking shaken and ill-kempt, but most noticeable was a large bruise on his right cheek. It was late in the day in the dormitory, the two of them looking insignificant, huddled together on one of the long line of beds. All the other students were beginning their evening meal and the sounds of their loud conversation, the clattering of cutlery and raucous laughter were carried to them from the dining room below.
“What did they do to you Keda?” she had asked in anxious tones.
“They let me know they do not approve of unofficial protest against the wishes of Sa Jatah,” he said, attempting a half smile. It was unconvincing, even though his quick grin was usually one of his more pleasant features. The bruise on his face, almost bright blue against his swarthy skin, seemed to make the smile difficult and painful. Keda was slightly built, almost thin, and Laria could see he would be no match for any harsh tactics by Sa Tahgus. He looked downcast, his unfashionably longish black hair in need of a wash. Altogether he appeared somewhat defeated.
“They should not have struck you,” Laria said. “You must lodge an official complaint.”
“I do not think there would be any great purpose to it,” Keda said with a sigh. “As we were released they said how unfortunate it had been that I had stumbled against the doorway. They said it would be noted on the report of the incident that I received proper medical attention after my accident.”
“Oh Keda. I cannot believe that this could happen. Do we not have the right to raise our voices?”
“Not in this case it seems. But I am all right. The bruise will heal. One of them was a little more enthusiastic during the questioning than the others, that’s all.”
“But we cannot do nothing Keda. You are a guest in Tolmara, you have the same rights as everyone else under Sa Jatah. We must take it up with the council of Sa Intrius Ket.”
“Really Laria,” Keda shook his head. “I am a foreigner from Chiata, I am not a member of Sa Jatah, I am not from one of the Great Families. Nothing would come of it, save more trouble. Besides, I will not be here for much longer.”
“How do you mean?”
“They have ordered me home to Chiata.”
“But ... but, how can they? Don’t you have to appear before a justice committee? There you can state your case.”
“No ... they have laid no formal charges. They simply claimed that I had breached the conditions of my transfer status from Chiata, that if I was to stay all my tutors would be instructed to ignore any work that I did.”
“But they can’t! It’s outrageous! Please Keda, we must at least talk to the council of Sa Intrius Ket. They will see you get another chance.”
“No Laria  It’s over. They said if I did not return of my own free will, they would order all the Chiata students back. If I go ... at least the others will have a chance.”
“Then ... we shall be parted?” He nodded, sombre and silent. She felt a sense of dismay at the impending loss and bewilderment that such an injustice could be done without any recourse open to them.
Keda did return to Chiata and made plans to attend Sa Intrius Ket in Hega, the city nearest his family’s farm. They kept in touch for a time, but they were young, the world was too full of possibilities and the distance great. They drifted to different paths, it became increasingly unrealistic to maintain their relationship. Still, there were days when Laria contemplated what might have happened had Keda not been determined to stage his ill-fated protest. She heard years later from a mutual acquaintance, one of the Chiata students who had participated in the protest but remained at the end of his studies in Strahgervand, that Keda had completed Sa Intrius Ket in Hega and then moved to the south where his family had relocated once the dam went ahead.
Laria sighed at the memory of it all. She had completed her own studies and concentrated on her work. She thought sometimes of how hard that day of parting had been to her young heart, how harsh the world was, but came always to the conclusion that she could not change it, except perhaps in an oblique way, through her efforts at scientific discovery. She believed there was a design and purpose in the intricacies of the universe, perhaps a benign influence such as those who put their faith in Domah would claim, perhaps not. But there was something there, a subtle meaning inscribed into the everyday world and its laws and functions. When that meaning was revealed, fragment upon fragment, the whole mosaic of knowledge would one day appear. Perhaps, as she liked to believe, each fragment she helped to dig out and add to the whole, brought forward the day when injustice would no longer prevail, when fear and ignorance would be replaced by a sense of understanding and purpose.

Laria brought her thoughts back to the dinner party which was drawing to a close, the Agali wine all gone and the hour late. Sagar and his wife made to leave and the other guests followed suit. It was customary to leave a gift in the home of your host after such a gathering, something small, a token of friendship, and Sagar presented Tarka with a tiny book, very old, its title inscribed in silver lettering.
“It is a trifle,” Sagar said when Tarka and Crali expressed their delight in the usual polite manner befitting the occasion. “The First Book of Maro. Not easy to find these days. But I know you are of a mind to appreciate it. It is not as fashionable now as the later works, but it’s one of my favourites. Anyway Tarka, Crali, I honour your house and your families. Thank you for a pleasant evening.” Sagar clasped his hands together and made the half bow of respect, Resia also bowed, smiling all the while. Crali and Tarka repeated the action and Sagar and Resia, giving cheery farewells to the other guests, departed. Laria smiled inwardly at Sagar’s gift. It was far too expensive an item to present on such an occasion. He obviously hoped to make an impression, but such an overt display of wealth was considered a little crude, a small item that made a personal statement would have had more social impact. The diplomat and his partner were next, their gift more appropriate.
“A rainbow shell from the beaches of Corda,” Dorgad said with a smile, handing the small, semi-transparent shell to Crali. “If you hang it in front of a window it looks quite spectacular in  the morning sun. A fine evening Tarka. I shall not forget the taste of that Agali wine quickly. I honour your house and your families.” He and his partner made the traditional hand clasp and bow and also left, giving polite farewells to the remaining guests.
Triala was next to say her goodbyes. She beamed at Crali and Tarka. “You have put us all to shame as usual with your fine hospitality and outstanding meal,” she said. In her hand she held a small brown bottle with a dark liquid inside it. “I must admit, I was thinking mainly of you Crali when I got this. You will have to forgive me Tarka. It is massage oil from Derios. They use it in their love making sessions, but I will leave it up to your imaginations as to what to do with it.”
“You are a scandal Triala,” Crali said with a half laugh.
“Not at all,” Triala said airily. “I am simply too old to be bothered with decorum. Enjoy it as you please. I must go. I must reach my bed soon and let sleep do what it can for this aged face.” She clasped her hands and bowed in an abstract, casual way, with a dignity befitting her social status. “Ar nosa my friends.” She raised her hand to all and walked away, her stride assured and almost proud.
Esan stepped forward next and proffered a digital card. “Those recipes from Kaleiros you were asking me for Crali. I am sure you will appreciate them. Not that the food tonight lacked anything - excellent. I honour your house and your families, and also your cook. I shall have to double my exercise period tomorrow to get over it.” He patted his stomach and smiled broadly. “I’ll get the card back off you in a couple of Akantas from now. Well ... the bed calls, the body must rest. A fine night, but less talk of Earth might help our digestion next time.”
Tarka laughed. “The less we know the better eh? Anyway ... I’ll see you back at the collective. Rest well.”
“Ar nosa,” Esan said, making the bow without the hands clasp. Esan was a close friend, and a lesser degree of formality was expected. His gift, a loaned item, was also an acceptable variant on the tradition between friends. Esan raised his hand to Laria and smiled as he left. Laria stepped forward and slipped her gift out of her waist satchel, handing it to Crali. It was dried calfias flower petals inside a small tied off bag made from temaras fibre. Crali held the bag to her nose and inhaled.
“A divine aroma,” she said smiling. “I have not smelt calfias for some time.”
“It’s good for musty spaces,” Laria said. She clasped her hands together formally and made her bow. “I honour your house and your families. A most enjoyable evening.”
“It was good to have you here tonight Laria,” Tarka said. “But listen ... why don’t you stay a little longer? Crali and I have been somewhat dishonest. We have an unopened bottle of Agali wine still, one of the best. Why don’t you share it with us?”
“Well ...” said Laria, hesitant. She was unsure if Tarka was merely being polite. “It is late, and I am travelling north on tomorrow’s Akanta ...”
“Oh do stay,” said Crali, laying her hand on Laria’s arm, a charming smile lighting up her face. “I have hardly had a chance to speak to you all evening.”
“Well ... perhaps I shall just have one glass,” Laria said, not wishing to seem impolite, but uncertain as to the intent in this extra gesture of friendship.
“You and Crali go and sit yourselves down,” Tarka said. “And I shall fetch the wine.” Laria followed Crali into a large circular room, the living space that was the centrepiece of most Tolmaran houses, all the other rooms adjoining it, separated by short passages. Crali stood in the centre of the room and instructed the house computer to start a music programme, and a moment later the soft sounds of the Esar pipes came from the flat, floral decorated ceramic panels on the walls, doubling as paintings and speakers. Laria sat herself down on one of the large cushions, an expensive type, very comfortable, covered in an intricate embroidered cloth. Crali went back to the dining area and fetched one of the eda-moss lamps, instructing the computer to dim the ceiling and wall lights. Then she sat down on a cushion opposite Laria. Laria was impressed by the ambience of the room, the gentle lighting seemed a fitting counterpoint to the lilting, slightly dissonant but pleasing harmonies of  the Esar pipes. She smiled at Crali.
“This is a wonderful home Crali,” she said. “You have created a pleasant atmosphere for guests.”
“Oh, it is not without merit,” Crali said. “We have our advantages. Do you live alone? Or are you in a collective?”
“I live alone these days,” Laria said. “When I was at Sa Intrius Ket I stayed in the dormitories. Then when I left I was in a small collective. There were six of us, but it was not to my taste after a few years. Six people have six different ways of living. It could be rather irritating. Fortunately my position at the Space Research Centre entitles me to rent my own place from the Strahgervand housing committee. I would like to own something one day though.”
“Other people’s habits can be a trial, that is true,” Crali said, smiling. She folded her arms. “And do you have a partner?”
“No, not at the moment.” Laria felt a little uncomfortable, she sensed she could trust Crali but she did not wish to talk of such relationships at this stage of their acquaintance.
“Well ... never hurry to the wedding dance my mother used to say. You must turn over many rocks before you find a jewel. I am sure a handsome young scientist will be declaring Sa Arva Ta one day.”
Laria gave a half laugh. “Perhaps ... but I think I shall take your mother’s advice and walk slowly.” At that moment Tarka entered the room with the open bottle of wine and glasses on a tray. He handed round the glasses, poured the wine and seated himself on a cushion next to Crali.
“I like this music,” he said. “It’s Ekrisha isn’t it? One of the finest pipe players in all Esar. He performed at the Strahger Hall last year. Crali and I went. A fine evening that was. Are you musical Laria?”
“Not really. I played in an ensemble in my early school days, I learned the Kalietah. But I could never get the speed for the more stirring Tolmaran folk songs, my fingers would wear out before my strings did.”
“Ah well,” said Tarka. “A difficult instrument. But magical in the right hands.”
“I gave it up when I discovered Holusa anyway,” Laria said with a smile. “It appealed more to my devious mind, I think.”
“Oh, so you play?” said Tarka. “Crali and I indulge occasionally. We must have you round for a game.”
“Tarka is being modest,” Crali said, smiling. “He has some of the finest skills in Strahgervand.”
“I see,” said Laria with interest. “Then we must pit wits one day. That is, if it is acceptable to better the senior of one’s collective.”
“Ah,” said Tarka with a half laugh. “You are confident of your talents then? We shall definitely have to put you to the test at some stage if that is the case.” He smiled, sipped on his wine, and leaned forward, clasping his glass in both hands. “But you have great potential as a scientist as well. That at least I am well aware of.”
“Well ...” said Laria, uncertain how to take the compliment. “I believe in my work, I try to stay dedicated.” 
 “You are dedicated,” Tarka said. “I have often observed it. I mention it because there are changes afoot at the collective. Biaka is thinking about transferring to a teaching position at Sa Intrius Ket in Seloria.”
“Oh really?” said Laria, genuinely surprised. “I had not heard.” She did not know Biaka well, but had worked with him regularly. He was an assistant senior in the collective. “Has he become tired of the Space Programme?”
“Not at all,” said Tarka. “His parents are in Seloria and not in good health. He is looking in to the position there to be with them. Really it is all but decided, he merely needs the word from the Seloria and Strahgervand science councils and then final approval from Sa Intrium Drakah itself. I think it will happen though.”
“I see,” said Laria. “He has fine abilities, it will be a loss.”
“Why don’t you put yourself forward for his position Laria?” Tarka looked at her with a half smile, a confident expression.
“Me?” said Laria. “It had not occurred to me.” She was a little taken aback. She was flattered that Tarka believed in her enough to make such a suggestion. It would be a considerable promotion, from assistant physicist and technician to assistant senior. She would have a say in the direction of the overall research, a greater input into the Space Programme. “But I am sure there will be strong competition for the position. I have not as many years of experience as some of the others.”
“But you have the talent, the intellect,” Tarka said. “Put yourself forward and I shall support you. It needs only the approval of all the seniors, and they will listen to my recommendation. Then all you need is ratification by Sa Intrium Drakah, a mere formality, and the job is yours.” 
“I don’t know what to say,” Laria said. She felt honoured and somewhat surprised that such an opportunity should arise so early in her career. “It is certainly a tempting prospect.”
“Then think on it for a short time,” Tarka said. “It will be a season before Biaka has to take his leave. Just let me know when you have decided, but it would be good to have you alongside.”
“You honour me Tarka. Thank you.”
Crali leaned forward and smiled at her. “Do not let yourself feel pressured Laria. But Tarka has a sharp eye for people. If he has put his faith in you, I am sure it is well founded.”
“Well ...” said Laria, not wishing to appear over eager. “I am pleased to be considered. It would be an interesting challenge.”
“Of course it would,” Tarka said. “And one you will easily be able to master. It would be beneficial to you and the programme.”
“You are not a member of Sa Jatah, are you? Crali said. She sipped on her wine and half smiled at Laria.
“No,” said Laria. “At least ... I have never been asked to join. I have not given it a great deal of thought really.”
“Perhaps you should join,” Crali said. “Tarka and I could nominate you. Then all we would need is the support of one other member. We could arrange that also.”
“I don’t know ...” said Laria. She really was unprepared for this suggestion. She had never considered it necessary to aspire to Sa Jatah membership. She had her work and her life was proceeding as planned. She wondered exactly what it was that Crali and Tarka saw in her - first the offer of Biaka’s position and now nomination to Sa Jatah. It was turning into an eventful evening, perhaps an advantageous turning point in her life, it would require some contemplation. “Do you think it would be an aid in my work at the centre?” she said.
“Oh yes,” said Crali. “If you want to really get things done you will do no better than to have contacts within Sa Jatah. You would be quite amazed at what can be achieved if you have the right people on side.”
“You really should consider it seriously,” Tarka said. “It would be the perfect complement to your taking over Biaka’s position. Of course it means undertaking some public service duties, such as sitting on regional culture councils and  the like ... but you will mix with some wonderful people who, as Crali says, have the means to achieve results. In my position I have found membership to be a very helpful catalyst in certain situations.”
“Well ...” said Laria, searching for the right words as she considered the import of these unexpected opportunities. “I offer you thanks for your confidence in me. I shall give both matters a great deal of thought.”
Crali smiled again. “It is all a little sudden I expect,” she said. “But you will not be disappointed in taking up both offers.”
“Yes, and both well merited,” Tarka said. “But dwell on it all at your leisure. For now ... enough of weighty topics, let us look forward to the future, concentrate on the wine and discuss what is easy on the ear.”

Laria said little during the rest of the evening, drinking only a little more of the wine as Crali and Tarka chatted amiably about everyday matters. She found it difficult to make small  talk while the new possibilities that had arisen filled her thoughts, so it was somewhat awkwardly on her part that she at last made her farewells, informal this time, the social customs having been already observed. As Laria left she felt almost as if Crali and Tarka acted like old friends, they seemed so at ease with her, seemed to accept her as an equal, as if she was already an assistant senior and member of Sa Jatah.
Outside in the parking area, she looked back at Crali and Tarka’s house, the lights still burning, her mind occupied with the prospects that had emerged from a simple social occasion. She breathed in the cool night air to clear her thoughts, ignoring its acrid pollution aftertaste and tilted her head to glance for a few moments at Kata, now high in the sky. She lowered her gaze, looking about her at the luxury dwellings of Crali and Tarka’s neighbours, the many roomed circular houses, each with their decorative, patterned gardens, filled with statues of ancient gods and a profusion of tall Kyras, the Raining Trees, their thick foliage of droplet shaped leaves sweeping to the ground like green waterfalls.
In the distance she could see the great highway that led eight hundred delka north to Kragarvand, with transporters and the occasional private vehicle moving along it at precisely separated distances, the satellites above and the sensors all along the side of the road guiding their drivers and passengers to safety. She decided she would leave the significance of the evening’s events for later deliberation and get herself home to sleep. She was taking the Hyperloop train to Kragarvand in the morning to spend the Akanta and a few days more with her parents and she preferred to be alert. She walked to her vehicle and pressed her thumb to the doorplate. The door slid silently up and she clambered into the comfortable seat.

She drove in an abstracted frame of mind. She had told the vehicle’s computer to take her home and she had little to do as the satellites and road sensors guided the car without her efforts. She kept her right hand on the small steering yoke, she had only to move it slightly and the vehicle would revert to her control. Usually within a city she drove manually, but in her present tired state and with the amount of wine she had drunk she considered it prudent to let the vehicle do all the work, its on board radars keeping it a safe distance from the other  traffic, its central computer calculating the appropriate speed for each corner and carrying out braking manoeuvres, its electronic ears and eyes ever alert for sudden obstacles and unexpected moves of other drivers.
Laria felt she was too weary to think deeply about what had been offered her at Tarka’s, but she could not help but give it some consideration. It was an excellent prospect, but a certain sense of doubt seemed to travel with it, like enjoying the hot sun of a Lorias season day, but irritated by a chill wind that kept springing up. It seemed likely that Tarka and Crali had invited her to the gathering for the specific purpose of making her the offer of Biaka’s job, plus the possibility of membership in Sa Jatah. But what exactly was their motive? Laria thought that most likely Tarka was shoring up his position and wanted her as an ally at the Space Programme. He no doubt thought she would be grateful for the promotion and the prospect of Sa Jatah influence and as she was not of the Great Families that she would be a malleable supporter of whichever direction he wanted to take in the future.
Laria was not of a mind to play politics and felt she would only back Tarka if she agreed with his vision, the prospect of promotion and influence not withstanding. She was certainly interested in Biaka’s position, there was no doubt about that, and she felt she had the skills to make a success of it. As to membership of Sa Jatah, she would have to think on it for a time. As she was not of one of the Great Families she would have to be accepted within that sphere of society on her merits. Perhaps it would be a wise course of action, a propitious complement to her gaining higher rank and responsibility as Crali had said. Her thoughts drifted back to her days at Sa Intrius Ket, to her partner of those young days, Keda, and the injustice that had been done to him and his fellow Chiatans. Did she really want to get involved with a system that perpetrated such injustice, tossed people’s lives around like boats on a turbulent river? Could she sit on a justice committee for example and see such a ruling handed down? She had managed so far without being involved in such judgements and actions. She was not inclined to power and status, not in her heart of hearts. Her dedication would always be to her work,  to the reaching out of a tentative hand into the deep night, to new worlds, such as Earth. To her, the prospect of membership would only be considered in terms of her chosen calling, of its advantages to her career and what she hoped to achieve as a scientist.
Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted when her vehicle braked sharply, skidding to a complete stop and throwing her forward against the safety harness. She had the breath knocked out of her for a moment but swiftly regained her composure and saw that a line of vehicles in front of her had also stopped. The line of traffic had halted in a lightly built up area composed mainly of small merchant businesses. There was a haze of pollution lying low over the road and it took some time for Laria to perceive what was going on. There seemed to be some activity surrounding two large transporters some distance ahead, half lit figures, a great many of them running to and fro. Laria noticed that other drivers were getting out of their vehicles and trying to see what was going on. She unbuckled her harness, instructed the door to open and got out herself, curiosity leading her down the line of traffic for a better view.
When she was close enough, she was startled to discover what was happening. A large group of people, dressed in ragged robes and wielding what appeared to be some kind of metal bars, had surrounded the transporters and were trying to force the back doors open. They were gesticulating and shouting, pounding the transporters, the air vibrating with the sound of metal against metal. After a short time the electronic mechanisms on the transporters’ doors must have disintegrated and the doors flew up, exciting a hoarse, triumphant shout from the motley crowd. They surged into the transporters and a moment later began throwing out their loads. Food containers, thought Laria. It looked like food containers. The containers began to pile up on the road and the rough band organised themselves into a chain to carry it off down a narrow street between two of the nearby buildings. Laria stood and stared along with the others who had been forced to stop by this spectacle. She felt amazed. She had heard of raids on transporters by criminal gangs - the Dra bulletins occasionally reported them - but had never heard of them attacking one for food. She had never seen such an event with her own eyes.
At that moment, when the transporters were almost half emptied of their cargo, there came the sound of sirens and approaching vehicles, powerful lights stabbing though the tainted air and fixing on those involved in the raid. A large number of grey vehicles skidded to a halt just short of the scene, Laria turned and saw a grey personnel carrier speeding just centimetres past her own vehicle. Grey silda suited forms poured out of the vehicles and transporters and swept like a wave towards the now rapidly dispersing mob. The Sa Tahgus squads came from both directions, the only escape was down the narrow side road and this was swiftly blocked. The sound of cursing and shouting echoed round the buildings, Laria saw arms flailing upward, downward in the lights, hard steel and black batons, screams of pain. Then a new sound, a soft pop and hiss, a flash of blue white lights in amongst the struggling forms. Sleep guns, Laria thought. She had never seen them used until now, but had seen them strapped to the waist of Sa Tahgus personnel often enough. The guns fired long thin pellets that lodged in the skin and discharged a powerful tranquilizer, strong enough to knock out a full grown adult within about ten seconds. Then she saw small puffs of white smoke and heard dull reports. She saw, falling like a black interwoven rain, nets, capturing and tangling the remnants of the mob who had been unable to escape.
At that instant, one of the raiders broke free and ran down the line of vehicles, straight towards Laria, a Sa Tahgus official in hot pursuit. Laria stood uncertain what to do as the ill-clad figure rushed past her. She caught a glimpse of his face, dirty, sallow, eyes wide with flight and fear. The Sa Tahgus official close behind pushed her out of the way, almost knocking her off her feet. She turned and saw the Sa Tahgus man catch up to the fleeing figure and lay into him with his baton. The man fell to his knees and the Sa Tahgus officer flailed the baton about his head while he was powerless to resist. At last the Sa Tahgus officer desisted and hauled his half conscious prisoner to his feet. In a moment he had wrapped a restraining band around the man’s wrists, a thin steel strip with a magnetic lock that would resist all attempts to open it save the appropriate electronic code, and was leading him roughly back towards the transporters.
“Back into your vehicles!” the Sa Tahgus man shouted as he went past Laria and the others still watching. “Back into your vehicles and move on! Move on!”
Laria got back into her car and drove away when the traffic at last began to move. Those that had been captured from the mob had by now all been herded into Sa Tahgus vehicles and the Sa Tahgus officials were reloading the transporters with what remained of the food containers. They milled about, waving the traffic on as if the night’s events had been routine for them. Laria concentrated on her driving, keeping the vehicle on manual to occupy her mind. She did not know how to respond to what she had seen, and when at last she arrived at her own dwelling in the western sector, she sat for a time in her vehicle, replaying in her mind’s eye the vivid violence and desperation.
She could not get the image from her thoughts of the frightened young man who had run past her, she kept seeing his fearful eyes, the baton swinging up, down. Then she became aware of her hands, that they were almost ice cold. She looked down and was surprised to find that they were shaking. She took a deep breath and tried to clear her mind. She got out of the vehicle and made her way towards her dwelling as quickly as she could, determined that for the moment she would try to forget what she had seen. But as she walked, she felt in her heart the unaccustomed feeling of unease she now had, might not be leaving her for some time.
___   ___   ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Three

The Trieka thundered down the long straight track of hard pressed earth. Its well toned muscles could be seen in the early morning light, rippling in a sure rhythm beneath its sleek sand coloured coat. Its two long legs and thick, three-toed feet beat out a steady, rapid tattoo on the solid ground. Its rider sat hunched forward against its great, stretching, ten foot long neck, shouting up encouragement to the proud alert ears, either side of its twin horns. The Trieka was a creature more at home on the savannahs of Argan in the southern hemisphere, reaching up to chew the leaves of the Jika trees, its long nose and two foot high ears ever wary for approaching predators. But it was swift, one of the fastest animals on Charos. The Argan people had learned to tame and ride them in their bronze age and later had learned to race them. Now they were in all parts of Charos and bred for speed and performance. They looked ungainly, but the highly strung creatures, half as high again as a man, seemed to love to race, to outrun their fellows.
At the far end of the track stood two men, one short, stout, dressed in a plain ochre silda suit, holding a digital timer in his hand. Beside him the other man appeared imposingly tall. His hair was lightly greyed, trimmed close to the scalp, his skin was pale, as if he seldom saw the sun. His eyes were his most striking feature, they watched the approaching Trieka and its rider with an intense expression of calculation, they seemed to almost glitter with concentration, as if the mind behind them was capable of focusing its entire attention on the one sight, the one event, of penetrating layers of thought and emotion in one hard glance. At the same time they revealed nothing of the interior world of the watcher. They were at once absorbing all they saw, but to look at, they seemed to have slivers of marble behind them that only reflected the outer dimension. The nose was straight, almost perfect, the lips thin and almost paler than the face, pressed tight, as if in a constant state of frustration, or perhaps suppressed anger. It was a face lined with experience, but that seemed somehow almost blank, betraying no expression of emotion, or perhaps adept at concealing that emotion. The man had a strong physical frame that seemed out of keeping with his age, it seemed a youthful body, dressed in an expensive black silda suit with a small pin worked in silver on the right hand chest, a star crossed with a bolt of lightning, the emblem of Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise.
 Creto Strahger stood with his feet splayed, his hands clasped behind him, shoulders thrown back but relaxed. He appeared supremely confident, as if his stance reflected a surety of his dominance of all that he surveyed, as if he was invulnerable. Even standing watching his favourite Trieka complete its early morning training runs, he gave off a sense of power, something in his slight gestures and movements, the half turn of his head, a slight rock on his heels, that declared he was certain of who and what he was. The Trieka thundered past the end of the track and the two men turned and watched it slow to a walk, its rider stroking the neck and speaking softly to it. The shorter man held the timer towards Strahger and he inclined his head to observe it.
“An excellent time,” Strahger said. The voice was soft, seemed out of keeping with his powerful frame. “But I believe he can do better. He is the finest sprinter we have had for quite a while. With his breeding stock I would not be surprised if he took all honours this season.”
“He is indeed swift, ah-ka­,” the trainer said. He spoke with a sense of familiarity tempered by practised deferment, he had known Strahger many years but never forgot the formal salutation in his dealings with him. “He has good heart and a fine spirit. I doubt that any will best him.”
“Perhaps,” said Strahger. A thin smile crossed the mouth for a moment, seeming out of place. “I shall, as always, put my faith in your skills to deliver me the championship.”
“I am honoured by your confidence in me ah-ka,” the trainer said. “But he loves to run  this one, I think the championship shall be ours.”
Strahger nodded, keeping his eyes on the animal. “Well ... the day has begun. Pleasure must give way to duty I suppose. I will leave you to your task. He is a good prospect. Well done.” 
“Thank you, ah-ka.”
Strahger walked away down the length of the track. The Trieka was indeed swift, he felt gratified by that, felt that it was a propitious beginning to the day. There was little he liked better than to rise at dawn and watch his favourite Triekas go through their paces. They pleased him immensely. Animals of profound sensibility yet uncluttered by confusions of conflicting thought. They had a purity of instinct that appealed to him, when they ran, a good Trieka would put the essence of its entire being into the endeavour, he admired the singular determination of purpose they possessed. It was a refreshing antidote to the complexities of his daily life, of the shifting ground of passions upon which he acted with his fellow members of Sa Intrium Mantah.
Today was the usual fortieth day meeting, and all of Sa Intrium Mantah would be present, coming together for discussion ten times a year. Strahger had hand picked all of them, he knew their strengths, their weaknesses, knew those to whom loyalty was everything and those that would love to stand in his place if they but had the courage and opportunity. None of the latter were capable of mounting a serious challenge; he kept them close, treated them as friends, indulged them every now and then and took steps to ensure that whatever tangents they might tend towards, in the end they always did his bidding. Despite occasional rumblings, The Council had been stable for many years. Strahger knew that even those he could least trust admired him, had him to thank for their rank and privilege, their considerable powers in their various domains. Still it was a constant irritation to him to be often put in the position of persuading and prompting, that there were times when those around him could not see with his own clarity the vision of Charos as it should be, a mighty world, strong, unified, and reaching forward to its destiny, to a state where all were in their place and it functioned like a perfect machine, efficient, precise, himself at the controls, turning events with a mere raise of his hand, a mere word.
He believed he would live to see Charos remade in that vision, though at times he felt progress was slow, and that indeed it was something of a burden to have the responsibility for reshaping a world into the image for which he had so long strived. But to build such a world was a process that continually inspired him, and today he would deal with what was necessary, his thoughts as always on the task at hand, his imagination looking to the future, the day a mere piece in the mosaic of that glorious tomorrow. He went over in his mind what would need to be said at The Council, wondered whether anyone would surprise him. He felt it was the surprises that often moulded fate, something unexpected that required appropriate and decisive reaction, a course that might lead to glory or defeat. But he had no dread of the unforeseen, he considered it was a test of character, it was refreshing to sometimes be obliged to deal decisively with the unknown.

By the time he had reached the end of the track he had gone over in his mind all that would be required of him at the meeting, he felt prepared for the day. At the end of the track were two vehicles, both grey, and half a dozen Sa Tahgus personnel were standing, alert, awaiting his return. They were his personal guard and generally never left his side, but he valued the few moments he could take without them, such as standing with his Trieka trainer and speaking of things that pleased him. Even at his house they were always in an adjacent room, ready to spring to his defence and lay down their lives if necessary, and unhesitant to do so should they be so called upon. To have served in the personal guard of Creto Strahger was the greatest accolade a Sa Tahgus officer could achieve, carrying the distinction with him wherever he went in life. Strahger felt if he could be said to trust anybody, he trusted  the six men who guarded him day and night and he took great satisfaction in the pride that he could see in their faces at knowing they were select, that they stood close to the wheels of power and that when their duties passed to younger hands and they moved on, their houses would remain honoured always.
“Does it look good, ah-ka?” one of the Sa Tahgus men said as Strahger came up to them.
“It does,” said Strahger. “Wager your krela on the house of Strahger at the championship and you will all go home happy men.” The Sa Tahgus guards laughed a little and they all clambered into the vehicles, Strahger in the back of one, a guard either side of him, his driver in the centre at the controls. The other three officers followed in the second vehicle. Once they were underway, Strahger activated one of the vehicle’s viewers and contacted his Personal Assistant at the Sa Intrium Mantah tower. A thin faced young man with rheumy eyes appeared.
“You look a little the worse for wear Nilus,” Strahger said. “I hope you have not been carousing the night before The Council meeting?”
“No, ah-ka,” the young man said with a faint smile. “I had some late evening last minute preparations before the meeting, that was all.”
“If only we were all so dedicated, eh Nilus?” Strahger said with a half smile. “Has everyone made their confirmations with you?”
“Yes. All will be present.”
“Have you uploaded those Sa Tahgus surveillance briefings to my personal computer?”
“It has been done.”
“And how go the preparations for the Great Festival Day?”
“All is proceeding according to plan. We will have the biggest worldwide audience in over twenty years.”
“Excellent. Well .. that’s all for the moment. Well done Nilus. We’ll see you at eighth division precisely.” 
Strahger deactivated the viewer and sat back in his seat as the vehicle rumbled down the long road that led to his great house. He sometimes felt the vast estate upon which he resided was overly landscaped, each tree and shrub, the statues and fountains, the gardens, calculated to create a sense of elegance and ease. It was all a little too much for his taste, he liked line and form, blending with function to create harmony, rather than beauty for its own sake. The watchtowers around  the perimeter and the laser fences seemed something of a contrast but Strahger like to see the tall turrets in the distance, they proclaimed a sense of strength and determination. There had never been a breach of the estate’s borders by any hostile force but Strahger considered ample precaution the precursor to any good defence.
At length the vehicles pulled up to the house, where armed guards stood at various points in front of the sprawl of buildings. There was the great central house, long and wide, holding the large dining and entertainment hall, private lounges, the kitchens, a communications and computer control centre. Stretching out from either side of it were circular buildings joined by corridors, where guests were accommodated in luxuriously appointed apartments, the powerful from all corners of the world on occasions sleeping under their white domed roofs. 
In the broad courtyard outside the main building stood large statues at three of its corners. One was of Maro, the great philosopher who centuries before had spoken so wisely about the inner nature of Sa Desia, the People, the Species, and whom Strahger deeply admired. Then there was Philo, the Tolmaran general who developed principles of warfare a thousand years ago that enabled Tolmara to defeat numerous enemies in the past and whose ideas still held true to the present. Strahger had studied his tactics and methodologies, had been impressed at a young age by his courage and cunning, his skill at achieving victories when all around him saw defeat. The third was of Creto’s father, Kragar Strahger. He stood tall, broad shouldered, a fierce expression on his face, balanced on his outstretched hand a globe of Charos, seeming light in his wide grasp.
The empty corner would eventually be home to Creto Strahger’s own likeness. After his death he envisaged it standing proud to complete the quartet, and he planned that his own son would one day stop and admire the four statues and contemplate the history and deeds of those represented. In the middle of the courtyard was a round pool of clear water, beset with floating kalia flowers, their indigo petals shining with moisture. Rising up from the pool’s centre was a black marble sculpture, an imposing obelisk, twice as high as the other statues, springing from its apex, a black hand, set to grasp. Strahger had suggested the design himself and been well pleased at its rendition. To him it symbolised the reaching beyond the mundane, the striving for excellence, reaching for a vision, reaching for the stars themselves.
The vehicles stopped and Strahger stepped out, paused and looked across the courtyard out to the western mountains, a deep blue in the early morning sun, though a little dim through the pollution haze. He turned and walked through the archway that was the entrance, in front of him ornate doors, decorated with scenes of Tolmaran mythology, beautifully carved but also blast proof, that opened automatically. The two guards on either side of the doors raised their clenched right hands in salute and Strahger gave a half nod to them. Inside the doorway was a short corridor where two robot sentries also stood guard. They were controlled from the command centre deep within the house and used facial recognition technology to assess anyone entering the building. If any intruder should get so far, the robots were capable of laying down a crossfire of laser beams on command. The entourage passed through another blast-proof door, plain metal this time, and were at last within the great sweep of the central building. Strahger turned to his senior guard.
“I think we shall eat in the eastern dining room today. Inform the serving staff and tell Pralah to meet me there will you?”
“Very good, ah-ka.” The guard marched away and Strahger made his way through the wide expanses of the building, passing jewel encrusted vases set on marble plinths, large paintings, hundreds of years old, depicting famous Tolmaran battle scenes, or landscapes of distant, wondrous parts of Charos. Large holographic pictures by the finest modern artists that hung in the air, a sculpture that looked like a fountain, made entirely from amna stones and evocatively lit with a myriad of lasers, the small stones tinkling melodically in an artificial breeze. They passed a towering statue of a Greija, a mythical beast with great claws and spread wings. It had been gifted from Kaleiros and was made entirely of gold, its savage eyes and long sharp teeth, set in a snarl, made from the extremely rare ice-blue konos crystals.
Strahger entered the dining room without the guards and stood by the full length windows watching the sun rising, Kata just above it to its right, a blur this low on the horizon thanks to the pollution. At its zenith it would be bright and clear, white and hot in the greyish blue of the sky. Strahger turned and strode to the oval table in the centre of the room. It could seat a dozen or so people comfortably and was made from polished stone, veins and curls of aqua and soft green rippling through it. It had been carved from the largest akrian stone ever found. It was one of the few things Strahger had selected for the house himself, the rest being diplomatic gifts or inherited through the years from his family. He ran his hand across its cold, smooth surface and contemplated its design. He considered for a moment that it had cost more than most on Charos would make in their lifetime. He had lost track of his own wealth, but he gained a percentage of every large enterprise on Charos and held accounts in all the major krela houses. It was to him, somewhat irrelevant anyway, all his needs were catered to, he had but to command and his wants and desires were satisfied. Wealth was power, but power also resided in him, in his essence, he, the ah-ka - the One Ruler. To be able to say, live or die, that was his true wealth. He sat down at the head of the table and clasped his hands together.
At that moment Pralah swept into the room, dressed in a shimmering silver robe, black hair tightly pulled back, high cheekbones and flashing eyes, thin mouth, seeming to push before her an air of irritation or restlessness, her walk and gestures swift and almost agitated, as if she had not a moment to lose. But when she sat she also seemed elegant, as if she was well at ease with her opulent surroundings.
“Have we no serving staff this morning?” she said. “I am famished.”
“I have told them we are dining here,” Strahger said and began tapping his fingers on the table.
“Computer,” Pralah said. “Kitchens.”
“Kitchens connected,” the flat voice of the house computer said into the room.
“We are ready to be served,” Pralah said. “Is there a delay?”
“I offer apologies si-ah-ka­,” the voice from the kitchens said. “The serving staff are already on their way.”
“It is well past sixth division - ” Pralah began but at that moment the door opened and the first of the serving staff arrived bearing the morning meal. “It’s all right,” Pralah said. “They have arrived at last. Disconnect kitchens.” Strahger and Pralah sat silent while the meal was laid out before them.
Strahger looked at his partner and thought how fresh and attractive she looked in the early morning. They had been together some ten years and he had little complaint except that they had as yet had no children, specifically, a son. He intended that his vision of Charos should remain undiminished after his death, and wanted an heir to carry on his work, an heir that would inherit all that he had learned of politics and power, that would continue to drive Charos forward to its destiny. Pralah had another ten years of child bearing possibility ahead of her but if no son arrived, they would have to consider their options. But Strahger had been content with Pralah, with one partner, though any indulgence he desired could be his if he so chose. He preferred the simplicity of the usual Tolmaran partnership, to take other lovers as did many in Sa Intrium Mantah and the Great Families, opened the door to indiscretion and intrigue, it was a weakness. She understood him in many ways, believed what he believed, was certainly loyal, and she worked hard at diplomatic chores that he was loathe to undertake himself, she had a keen intellect and could be charming with it. Finally the meal was laid out and the serving staff withdrew. Pralah began to eat with enthusiasm, eschewing the restraint she reserved for official functions.
“The Tako fish strips are delicious,” Pralah said, her mouth half full. “The new cook is a genius. The silta bread is still hot too, it smells as fresh as dew. Don’t just drink the lida juice, have some Tako.”
Strahger picked at the fish. It was not his favourite at the best of times but for the most part his personal physician decided his diet and he was compelled to eat what was healthy. He ate a little to please Pralah and broke the loaf of silta bread, dipping it in the sweet red karinda berry sauce and eating it heartily.
“So how runs the Treika?” Pralah said.
“Like a Kaburian sandstorm. Powerful but beautiful to watch.”
“I am glad. You are tiresome if you do not win the championship.”
“I am allowed few enough pleasures and to win the championship is an honour. But you misjudge me. It is the thrill of  the contest I enjoy. The quickening of  the heart as the Treikas approach the finishing line.”
“Liar. You hate to lose.”
Strahger considered for a moment and allowed himself a half smile. “True. But I think with this Treika the trophy will go to our house. I will be happy on that day.”
“Perhaps. But I hear the Vikan house has fine stock this year. You may be well tested.”
“Ha! Vikan! The man is a fool. He puts his faith in hormones and stimulants, genetic engineering. He has no feel for the heart of the animal.”
“He takes a scientific approach, that is all.”
Strahger grunted. “We shall see on the day.”
Pralah smiled. “Very well, I shall concentrate on enjoying the thrill of the contest as you say. Whether you win or lose shall be of no consequence.” Before Strahger could reply, Pralah went on. “I hope you have not forgotten this evening. You must be back by eighteenth evening division at the latest.”
“I shall do my best.”
“Well ... do better than your best. I cannot be expected to carry these ambassadorial duties on my own shoulders all the time. They expect to see you there. They like to rub shoulders with you, to feel that they have your ear. It makes them feel important.”
“I shall do my utmost to arrive on time, but you know even I cannot predict the direction of The Council meetings. There is much to be considered.”
“Well, see that you are firm. If I am cornered by the Chiatan ambassador again I think I shall petition for separation from you. Really, it’s more than any soul could bear, you’d think he had a monopoly on the problems of the world.”
“The Chiatan ambassador is of little concern in the greater scheme of things. His ambition outweighs his intellect. And I am reliably informed that he has two lovers besides his wife. If he gives you too much trouble, you might say you have sometimes thought of discussing the love lives of ambassadorial staff with their home countries. That will set his sail out of the wind, as they say.”
Pralah gave a half laugh. “His indiscretion does not surprise me. He is too tedious for words.”
“Besides which, you will have little time for diplomatic duties when you finally become a mother and have a son to raise. That will no doubt be a perfect excuse for you to neglect your political chores.”
Pralah paled a little and when she spoke her voice became a little tremulous. “You know that it is not for want of trying that I have not become pregnant. No-one wants to be a mother more than I. No-one wants you to have an heir more than I.”
“Of course, of course. We will not discuss such a trying matter over breakfast. But perhaps it is time we looked to medical intervention. I hear the latest techniques are bringing results for even the most infertile of couples.”
“So I have heard also,” said Pralah, regaining some of her composure. “But let us discuss the matter some night when we have freedom of time.”
“A wise suggestion. But it is something I have been meaning to raise with you for quite some while. Think on it over the next few days and perhaps we can talk at some stage to some qualified experts in the field. All is not lost. Do not fear. I am sure you are destined to continue the house of Strahger. Anyway ... enough of these matters for now. I must leave the joys of Tako strips and the company of my dear wife for the humdrum of matters of State. The Council awaits.” So saying, Strahger pushed away his plates, the breakfast only half eaten, and stood up. He went round the table and leaned down and placed a delicate kiss on Pralah’s forhead.
“Make sure Nilus lets you eat something at the midday break,” Pralah said, her consternation at the conversation about producing an heir now smoothed over. “He would starve you to death if he had his way.”
“Don’t worry about that. For now, ar nosa. I shall see you this evening.” Strahger strode out of the dining room, picked up his entourage of guards in the next room and they made their way through the great house to where the vehicles were waiting outside to take them to the tower at the centre of Straghervand, to the intellects and personalities that bent all of Charos to the will of Creto Strahger, to the meeting of Sa Inrtium Mantah.

*
Strahger sat on his plush chair and surveyed the ten men before him, seated round a long oval table of lider hardwood, dark and solid, imported from the equatorial jungles of Barleria, the men’s portable viewers and communicators on the table next to glasses and jugs of iced water. Around the walls were hologram paintings depicting great battles through Charos’s history. The room had no windows. On Strahger’s left was his Personal Assistant, Nilus, taking notes on a small portable computer. Nilus was dressed in a cream coloured robe, his thin, pale face looking concerned and almost worried, his otherwise smooth brow a little wrinkled with concentration. He was in his early forties and had been close to Strahger for the last twenty years. He was the son of the former head of Strahger’s personal bodyguard, Prahtar, who had developed cancer and was forced to resign and then subsequently died some few months later. He and Strahger had been more like friends than master and servant. When he died he left a widow and young Nilus, who seemed disconsolate at his loss. Strahger took the youth under his wing and employed him as an all round helper until such times as he could find his feet in the world. But over the years he had become indispensable and well versed in the ploys and postures that made up the games of politics on Charos. He had a deep admiration of Strahger and an even deeper sense of gratitude that he had saved him from the darkness of his grief and given him a direction and purpose in life and a not inconsiderable input into the maintenance and exercise of power. He had no formal title, was not strictly a member of Sa Jatah, but he was known to have the ear of Strahger on many a matter and he was accordingly treated with deference and respect. The ten men of Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise, knew that to cross Nilus would be to earn the wrath of Strahger and they curried favour with him when they could.
The meeting had been going on for some hours, covering the many aspects that went into the smooth running of Charos, when one of the ten Council members, Strahger’s financial minister, Kahsa Norva, who oversaw all the krela houses in every province and country and whose many employees across the world monitored the financial health of Charos, was getting to the end of a long speech, the crux of which seemed to be his dissatisfaction with the Great Families.
“The situation is getting worse,” he was saying, his long, thin white beard dancing up and down. “The Great Families are taking more than their share and have been doing so for quite some time. Twenty years ago they were happy with three or five per cent from our major industries, but now I am hearing reports they are taking as much as fifteen to twenty per cent. 
“For example, in Arlania, in the east of the country, they have good resources of rare earth metals. They were being mined on a reasonably large scale and quite lucratively. However, the Ordari family, which owns the land on which the mines are located, demanded this year an increase in their percentage from the mines from eight to twenty per cent. The mine collective had no choice but to comply and then found they could not pay their workers and cover their overheads. I had to get all the krela houses in Arlania to contribute to a fund with which we bought out the interests of the Ordaris and after much delay got the mines functioning again. But the mines must repay the krela houses somehow. We cannot do without our rare earth metals, no matter the price, our computing and advanced technology depend on them. As the old saying goes, ‘it is greed that leads to the house with no fire in the hearth.’ Something must be done, and soon.”
“But the cogs of industry still turn do they not?” Strahger said, waving one hand airily. “Our great factories still turn out fine machinery, useful tools, fine vehicles and state of the art computing and electrical equipment? The stores of our merchants are well stocked, the people do not starve or complain, our armed forces on the land, in the sky and on the sea are fully armed and ready to defend the Great Charter of Sa Jatah should any threaten our way of life. What should it matter if the Great Families demand a little more here and there of the great bounty that Charos provides?”
Kahsa folded his arms and looked round at the other members of The Council. “Perhaps you feel I overstate the problem, ah-ka?” he said. “But a house built on watery soil will surely fall into the river. What good is a mining industry when they cannot afford to dig the minerals from the ground? What good will it do for the great harvesting machines to reap the silta grain fields on the western plains of Altorum, when none in the cities can afford to buy the bread the grain makes? The great factories and farms will cease to produce if they cannot be run economically. Then the people will be dissatisfied, they will look to apportion blame and their first complaint will be with The Council. Then there are those who do not share in the great bounty you speak of. I am beginning to hear reports that we now have many poor and disadvantaged living in our major cities. It is said they cannot find enough work, they live on meagre allowances of krela, they cannot get proper education for their children, they cannot get proper health care. All the signs of growing discontent are there. You must persuade the Great Families to be more generous or I warn you now, rebellion may be the result, indeed a great downfall in the whole economy of Charos may be imminent. The wealth must be shared more equally or I foresee potential disaster.”
Strahger gave a soft chuckle and steepled his fingers together, looking round the faces at the table. “I do think you overstate the case, Kahsa. I see reports from all over Charos, and I see no fires of serious insurrection. Sa Jatah sees to all the wants of the people. Of course I am not saying there is no dissatisfaction, that there are no malcontents. There are many who fail to implement the Great Charter of Sa Jatah, the first tenet of which might I remind you, is that ‘Sa Jatah is All, and All are Sa Jatah. To serve Sa Jatah is to serve All’. 
“There are those who are selfish in their aims, it is true. Their fate is to become Soltar, or face a justice committee, perhaps prison, perhaps even execution. We cannot let a few troublemakers distract us from the destiny of a greater Charos. But I am not blind or deaf. I hear your words. The Great Families must also implement the Charter, and I personally feel that taking twenty per cent is not in the best interests of the economy of Charos. Put your thoughts on the matter into a report and get it to me as soon as possible. If necessary I will issue an edict limiting the percentage the Great Families take from a range of enterprises. But let me see your complaint and findings in writing first.”
“Thank you ah-kah,” Kahsa said nodding his head. “I only speak because the matter requires some urgent examination. I will give you my report in writing before the next Council meeting.”
“Very well. Get the report to Nilus first and he will ensure I read it. Now ... we must turn to matters of security and defence. Crassian? Can you enlighten the Council as to how things stand in the world, whether we face calamity as Kahsa would have it, or shall we shake in our beds at night?”
A polite, muted laugh went round the table and Crassian Hargan, the Chief of Defence, commander of all the armies, air forces and navies on Charos, waited till it faded away before he spoke. He was as old as Strahger, but his face more lined and careworn, and although he had a worried expression he spoke reassuringly.
“Certainly there is no cause for general alarm,” he said. “Not that our armed forces are not busy. As you all know, there are twelve rebellions taking place in the four corners of Charos. All of these conflicts, at this month, as at my last report to you, are contained by our forces. They are still mainly guerrilla wars being fought in obscure regions of the planet. The worst of these conflicts is still, as at the last Council meeting, in Creethum, where a force formed from the local natives is still trying to oppose the Space Elevator installation, and indeed all commands and instructions from The Council and edicts from Sa Jatah. They nurse within their hearts a longing for simpler days when they had their independence and a primitive society. They do not appreciate the benefits of civilization and Tolmaran technology that have changed their sleepy backwater of an island into a show-case of Sa Jatah and Tolmaran innovation. 
“They are few in number - most of the population has accepted control by Sa Jatah and The Council - but the rebels hide in the jungles and strike whenever they can with their limited armaments and personnel. But they are a thorn in the side of Charos and do not show proper obedience to Sa Jatah and your esteemed self, ah-ka. We continue to thwart them and their aims but it is not without cost. Over the last two years we have lost over fifteen hundred soldiers and assignment to Creethum amongst the armed forces is not popular. But the Space Elevator security cordon has never been breached and as you know it operates efficiently and regularly. 
“As the years go by, we will assimilate more and more of the Creethum, and as we win their hearts and minds and educate them as to the benefits of our way of life, the rebellion will eventually die out. But for now, we defend the elevator and settlements and are happy to do so. However, the rebellion has been pressing hard against those defences this month, and we need to counter this increase in activity. I believe we should take the fight to the troublemakers. With some effort we can bring the rebellion under control, at least to the point where it is a mere irritation and no longer a threat to the security of the Space Elevator. I would like significantly more troops and armaments, including replacements for many of our armoured personnel carriers.”
“How many troops?” Strahger said.
“At least another twenty thousand,” Cressian said. “And of course the carriers to transport them to the trouble spots and the best weaponry we have.”
“What sort of cost are we talking about?” Strahger said.
“I should think around two billion krela for the extra personnel, at least in the first year. And something like five to six billion krela for the carriers and advanced armaments.”
“Well ...” said Stragher. “The Space Elevator on Creethum is a vital enterprise and must be protected at all costs. Our Space Programme depends on it. As usual, put your case in writing to Khasa and he will authorise the payment. Then all it needs is my sign off, which I give my word now, you shall have. Are there any other pressing matters?”
“No, ah-ka,” Cressian said. “I will give all Council members this month’s defence summary in writing, focusing on the conflicts I have mentioned. But we won’t, as you say ah-ka, shake in our beds. The armed forces stand ready as always to defend against any threat to Charos and the Great Charter.” 
“Excellent,” Strahger said. He looked round the table. “Is there any other business?”
“There are one or two matters we have not discussed,” came a voice from the far end of the table. Strahger narrowed his eyes and looked intently at the speaker. It was Haydar Forlian, a stocky, bald man in his mid fifties, with morose eyes, but a piercing look to them. He was head of Sa Intrium Dra, The Council of Information, and in charge of all Dra bulletins and Sa Intrium Mantah’s propaganda. All edicts to Sa Desia - The People, from The Council, indeed from Strahger himself, went through Forlian, and all news of the happenings from distant shores to local stories were overseen by him. This gave him considerable influence in the view of the world the peoples of Charos got to see and hear. He had been hand-picked by Strahger after he had had an outstanding career in Sa Intrium Dra. Not that Strahger trusted him. He had been on The Council for some five years but Strahger had noticed of late that he seemed to harbour ambitions for greater power, in fact, Strahger had begun to suspect, reinforced by covert surveillance of the man by Sa Tahgus, that he longed to sit in the chair that Strahger currently occupied. For the moment, Strahger was keeping him close - as the saying went, ‘dine with your enemies but count the knives afterwards’. But he had already had thoughts of cutting him loose and replacing him on The Council with someone more compliant. For now, the man had no real allies on The Council and was not a direct threat, so Strahger was humouring him.
“What matters would you have us discuss at this late hour?” Strahger said. 
“Well ...” said Haydar. “Cressian has painted a picture of a world at peace save for a few troublemakers. But, I, like Kahsa, am hearing reports of discontent in the large cities. Of financial struggle for many. I am wondering if the ship is beginning to steer a little off course? I hear much about Sa Domari, and their growing numbers. The Dra bulletins are beginning to be filled with many acts of sabotage where the perpetrators escape or cannot be found. Food and medical supply transporters, are attacked in the cities and their goods stolen. Just this month, we at Sa Intrium Dra  have been cyber attacked on a daily basis. They have even used our system to publish false stories looking like legitimate Dra bulletins. These stories are slanderous to you ah-ka, and question the pre-eminence of Sa Jatah and the Great Charter. They openly criticise the Great Families. We do our best to keep them off people’s viewers, but our computer teams can barely keep up with them. 
“Also, I was in an eating house just the other day, dining with a senior from the Sa Intrium Dra collective in Kragarvand, and he told me he had heard a report from a source in the poorer part of Kragarvand, that Sa Domari operatives had hijacked an arms convoy just north of the city and stolen thousands of long range electromagnetic rail guns which they planned to use in those areas of Charos where armed insurrection is rife. Surely, all of this is cause for greater concern than has hitherto been shown?”
“And did you publish this account of the stolen guns as a Dra bulletin?” Strahger said.
“Well ... no ah-ka. The account was not from what I would deem a reliable source. Besides which, I would not publish such an inflammatory story without consulting with the defence force and indeed Sa Tahgus. There was no need to cause concern to the populace by filling their viewers with tales that may be no more than rumours.”
“I am pleased to hear it,” Strahger said. “As I have said, there are always malcontents, but this talk and rumour of Sa Domari is no more than the rustle of the wind through the trees. Sa Domari are little more than a concept for those dissatisfied with their place in life, those who would like to achieve their aim of disrupting society for their own benefit, those who do not rise into the higher reaches of Sa Jatah due to their own diligence and effort. I am not concerned by them or their actions. Sa Tahgus will root out any rot in the wood as they say. But let us hear from Darg Karlin, the voice of Sa Tahgus, who sits at the table with us but as yet has not had cause to speak. So Darg ... are the ten of us in danger of being overthrown? Are the pillars that hold up Sa Jatah, and indeed all the institutions of Charos, being undermined as we sit unawares? What can you tell us of this entity, Sa Domari?”
At the far end of the table sat a man in his mid-sixties, with a full beard and a fierce expression about the eyes, eyes that were alive with intelligence, but cold and calculating at the same time. Darg Karlin had a muscular build and was taller than any at the table, he seemed to convey an aura of the power that he possessed as head of Sa Tahgus and seemed by his relaxed body language, calm and assured. He cleared his throat and leant forward, placing his elbows on the table and clasping his hands together.
“The news is not good, ah-ka, but I believe I can safely say that we ten who are privileged to sit at this table are in no imminent danger from Sa Domari,” he said in a gravelly, deep voice. “Sa Tahgus ‘sees all and hears all’ as the saying goes. We have compiled from all over Charos new estimates of their numbers. They have recruited at least four hundred to five hundred thousand people, although the actual number may be as high as two and a half million. They have infiltrated all levels of society and we suspect many senior figures of Sa Jatah may be actual members or at least have sympathy with them. We are also hearing rumours that they seek influence within the Great Families but it seems they have not had any serious success in that effort, at least not as yet. So in that quarter we can count on continued support and loyalty.
“In Strahgervand,  in Kragarvand, in Altorum, in Seloria, Cordia, Arlania ... all across the world in the great cities there are, as has been stated, continued attacks on food convoys. This seems to be one of their main tactics, ‘feed the belly and the heart will follow’. They are distributing this food and also medical supplies to the poor and dispossessed, the malcontents as you call them, and I believe this largesse is having a not insignificant effect on winning over the sectors of the populace that struggle with duty to Sa Jatah and the need to implement the Great Charter. They even begin to question your right to rule, ah-ka. We do have informants among them, and they report there is much talk of the right to elect leaders, to vote for or against these same leaders. They wish to take us back to the dark ages, when the Altorum empire flourished and the populace were free to elect corrupt fools to lead them. They give no credence to the wisdom of Sa Jatah and your own wise rule, ah-ka. 
“As also mentioned, another area of concern is their growing successes with cyber attacks. All across Charos they are hacking into government computer systems, some of them extremely secure. They have gained a great deal of classified information in this manner and also committed sabotage against essential industries, from armaments factories to sewerage systems. We believe they have some of the best programmers and computer experts working for them, but we have as yet, found no central hub from where these attacks may be originating. We also have intelligence that they are involved in encouraging the twelve rebellions Kahsa has outlined for us today. As to the report of of the stolen guns, I am personally aware of  the claim and had it investigated. It seems all that was taken were a few outdated weapons that would be no match for Kahsa’s well armed troops. 
“Sa Domari gives itself airs and appeals, as the ah-ka has said, to the disaffected and unsuccessful, the misfits, of whom we have many under surveillance and who regularly appear before our justice committees and fill our prisons. However, I believe it will be a matter of only two or three years before we root out the weeds and Sa Domari will be consigned to history as a once fashionable cause for a few deluded dissidents. I do not wish to sound like a funeral bell, as the saying goes, but I would regard them as merely troublesome to the integrity of the institutions that hold Charos on course. How troublesome? ... well ... in the coming months we will double our efforts to infiltrate and disrupt them. Then we will know more.”
Strahger nodded his head slowly, then placed his hands flat on the table. “Indeed the news is not good,” he said. “If you could upload your findings this month to the secure channels on the personal computers of each of us here, it would be much appreciated. But tell me ... is there no good news to leaven this somewhat bitter bread, no chink in the armour of this upstart organization, no-one within Sa Domari who could be persuaded to do their duty by Sa Jatah and be turned to patriotism?”
“Well ...” said Karlin. “There was one morsel I was going to mention in the written report. Perhaps you would care to hear of it now?”
“By all means, bring us a little cheer,” Strahger said. “Go ahead.”
“It may be cheering,” Karlin said. “Or it may be an event of little significance. A false turn in the maze perhaps, or something substantial. It happened right here in Strahgervand last month. We intercepted a digital card with a code that  has resisted the best efforts of our Sa Tahgus experts to break.”
“But surely that’s not possible?” Strahger said, intrigued. “Can there really be a communication on Charos that cannot be decoded? I was of the impression that all quantum encoding was strictly controlled under the auspices of Sa Tahgus?”
“So we believed also, ah-ka,” Karlin said. “But there it is, a digital card we so far have been unable to read.”
“And how did it come into your possession?” Strahger said.
“It seems a low level diplomat was walking to an ambassadorial function in the centre of Strahgervand when he was attacked and robbed. The two thieves forced him to transfer all of the money on his krela card to theirs, forcing him to use his fingerprint. There was a struggle and the diplomat was shot dead and all his possessions stolen. The two thieves were caught later that same night by Sa Tahgus as they tried to rob somebody else. The digital card was discovered on them and they told Sa Tahgus that when they tried to take the card the diplomat resisted and that’s when he was shot.”
“So ...” said Strahger. “What are you suggesting? That this diplomat was an agent of Sa Domari?”
“That could well be the case. And if that is so, he may have been taking the card to the function to hand it on to someone more senior in Sa Domari.”
“Fascinating,” Strahger said. “We must find out who was at this function. How many were there?”
“Around two hundred.”
“Hmmm ... well, I suggest that all should be brought in for questioning. And spare no efforts or costs to break the code on that digital card. You have sharp eyes, Darg. As you say, it may be a false turn, or it could be you have stumbled on to something of substance. Something that lets us get a hold on this troublesome ghost called Sa Domari. Well done indeed ... report to me when the questioning of the guests at the function has been completed and let me know how you get on with the digital card.
 “There we have it,” Strahger said. “I hope that Darg’s words have brought you some peace of mind. As I have stated, a few disaffected troublemakers who have difficulty conforming to society’s expectations and in future, Haydar, this fact should be reflected in the Dra bulletins. Now ... if there was nothing else?”
“I hear your words ah-ka, and I know your tongue is straight,” Haydar said. “We shall continue to downplay the role Sa Domari claims in world events in the Dra bulletins and I am content to let the expertise of Sa Tahgus and Darg contain their activities. As to other matters, I was wondering if there is any new information about our exploration of Earth, that is, is there any data from the latest probes? I haven’t seen anything in writing since last month and I am becoming concerned about the rumours and misinformation swirling about the upper reaches of Sa Jatah. I am wondering when the common people of Charos will be informed of Earth’s civilizations and how great a prize for Charos Earth will be when it comes under your dominion ah-ka and the rule of Charos, when this magnificent discovery by Sa Intrium Drakah and the Space Programme will be finally revealed? It will be a great day of celebration, surely, when Sa Desia know of the unsurpassed scientific achievement of the Lieth Ah Domah drive and the great bounty Earth holds?”
Strahger folded his arms and leaned back in his chair. “Indeed it is a great achievement, and one of which our scientists and those on the Space Programme can justly feel proud. Rest assured, it is planned to bring this amazing news to everyone in good time, once we have tested the faster than light spacecraft, the Lieth Ah Domah drive. For now ... only the ten men in this room, only the seniors in Sa Intrium Drakah, and the Space Programme, plus a few others have first hand knowledge from the probes and of the Lieth Ah Domah project. We must accept a certain amount of rumour and speculation for the time being until we can fully implement our plans for Earth. In the meantime, let your tongues be still. Keep the knowledge close to your hearts and we shall see how events unfold in the near future. But I promise this knowledge is soon to be known to all. I will ensure all of you here receive a detailed briefing when the information from the latest probe comes to hand. Well ... I think that’s about it for today. Charos continues to prosper and all here have played their part well. Ar nosa my friends, and we will exchange thoughts at the next scheduled meeting. That is all. You may all return to your duties. Thank you.”
The ten men of Sa Intrium Mantah collected their personal viewers and communicators from the great table, stood up and each clasped their hands together and made the ritual bow to Strahger before exiting the room, only Nilus remained. When the door was finally closed Strahger stretched his body and sat back in his chair.
“So what do you think, Nilus?” he said. “Are the people of Charos contemplating rebellion? Or is Kahsa a prophet of doom who none will believe until the citadels start falling around their ears?”
“Both Kahsa and Crassian are men of wisdom and cunning. But I think you are right. They both overstate the case. The People admire and respect you, they perceive you as strong and decisive. There are many who still remember your father’s wise rule and how much he did to unify and bring peace to Charos. They are grateful you have carried on in his footsteps  and if the Great Families prosper, all of Charos will benefit. However, I think your decision to, if necessary, issue an edict restricting the percentages the Great Families take is prescient and well timed. They too must subjugate themselves to Sa Jatah, the Great Charter and your rule, ah-ka. They must not forget that it is your largesse that gives them their wealth and power. Sometimes the hand that steers the ship must be made of iron.”
“Huh ...” Strahger grunted. “Perhaps you are right. But we must be alert. The price of victory is constant vigilance. Thanks to Domah the day is at an end and we can rest a little.”
“Not quite, I’m afraid,” Nilus said. “I have with me the list of criminals and political dissidents and their crimes who are to receive their judgements on the Great Festival Day. I know this is a chore you disdain and would rather delegate, but you know that all political judgements of this severity must come from the ah-ka himself.”
“Oh really Nilus? It cannot wait for a day when I am less spent?”
“You know it takes time to prepare for the events and broadcast of the Festival Day. The names of those to be punished must be known well in advance. If you would just go through the list and indicate which judgement is to be allotted to those so named. As usual their crimes are adjacent to their names and they are listed from the least serious at the number one,  to the most serious at the bottom.” Nilus drew from a satchel he had on the desk two sheaves of papers, with a list of names and numbers on them. He handed one copy to Strahger and kept one for himself.
“Very well ...” said Strahger, perusing the list with some intense concentration. “Let us see ... mmm ... well, first off, numbers one through forty six ... five years imprisonment. Numbers forty seven to seventy nine ... mmm ... let us say, ten years in the Thernian mines. Now, the last twenty one ... murderers and traitors all it seems. Yes ... all to be executed. I see no need for clemency. What’s that come to? ... one hundred names! That is a substantial amount. I believe there were only sixty three sentenced at last year’s Festival Day. Does an increase to a hundred bode well for The Council’s governance?”
“It is not that unusual, ah-ka,” Nilus said as he marked off the various punishments next to the names on his sheaf of papers. “It is only through the superior efforts of Sa Tahgus that there are so many this year. Some of them are Sa Domari we are sure, and many of them have also been supporting the twelve rebellions Crassian was talking of. There are many others of course, which will require your attention at a later date, but the punishment of these select few will set a fine spectacle and as always, be an exemplary lesson for all those watching around the world on the Dra stations.”
“Yes ... the Festival Day still retains its popularity, even after all these years. It is good to occasionally show the iron hand as you put it. Sa Desia must remember that unity and security come through strength. Plus it is worthwhile to see the top Kratah players go through their paces before the unpleasant duty of judgement we are compelled to perform. I think, this year - ” Strahger was interrupted by the soft sound of bells coming from his portable viewer which sat on the desk. He leaned over and glanced at it. He touched its control pad and the miniature hologram image of the Security Chief of the Sa Intrium Mantah tower block, down on the ground floor, appeared.
“What is it?” Strahger spoke with some irritation, he was tired and wanted to get back to his own home for a rest period.
“Our apologies for disturbing you, ah-ka,” said the Security Chief. “But there is an elderly man here who insists that you will want to see him. He says there will be thunder and lightning unleashed in the heavens if we do not contact you. He says he is an old friend of your father. He gives his name as Zar Kormin. Shall I send him on his way?”
Strahger was taken aback. He had not heard the name for some years, but the memories came flooding in. Zar Kormin was indeed an old friend of his father, Kragar Strahger. He had stood by him through the all-out conflict with the Altorum empire and the subsequent unification of the rest of Charos. He was a man of many talents, an adept politician and diplomat, but after the conflict he had dedicated himself to scientific pursuits for many decades and faded from public view. But the strongest memory for Strahger was of a long gone day in Hola season, Autumn, when he was part of a hunting party led by his father, by then well established as the ah-ka, all of Charos at his beck and call. 
They were hunting the plump and tasty Kamori, a bird with a white tuft of feathers at its throat that nested on the ground in wide open, scrubby fields. A team of beaters would go ahead with long sticks, thrashing at the bushes and the startled Kamori would leap into the air in fright and the hunting party would shoot them down with rifles. All day, Strahger’s father had been in a foul mood with him, exhorting him to stay behind the beaters and keep in line with the shooting party. He had been only twelve but was entrusted with a rifle and expected to play his part like a full grown man. At one point, his father called for silence, and the hunting party stood stock still, listening for the cooing sound of nesting Kamori, so the beaters would know where to try next. Strahger was standing still with the rest of them, his gun pointing to the ground, when he accidentally tightened his finger on the trigger. The gun fired with a resounding bang and all the Kamori ahead of them leapt skyward and flew off before the other shooters could target them. Strahger’s father was furious. He strode over and towered over the boy.
“Are you a senseless jit?” he shouted. “You have ruined the day’s hunting for the whole party! How is it they call you my son?” And so saying, he struck Strahger across the face with the back of his hand, causing tears to come to the boy’s eyes. “Are you a woman now that you weep at such a glancing blow? Gah Domah! Am I to have no pleasure in this world? Stay at the back of the party for the rest of the day, and don’t fire that gun again.” So saying he strode off full of anger.
Strahger had been mortified and forced himself to stop crying. The others in the hunting party just seemed amused and carried on regardless. All except Zar Kormin who came up to him and laid a hand upon his shoulder.
“Do not distress yourself lad,” he said in a kind voice. “Your father has many things on his mind and he likes to hunt to find relief from affairs of state. Your mistake is not a serious one and he will see that at the end of the day. We have all made such errors in our youth, and the important thing is to learn from them. Come, let us catch up to the party. I will walk with you and keep you company.” 
Strahger had been grateful for the kind words and to a certain extent they ameliorated his sense of shame. There were many such incidents when his father had been harsh, even cruel to him and Zar was often there to try and cheer him up afterwards. Now that Strahger thought back on those days he realised he had often craved a kind word or some sign of encouragement from his father. But as he matured he grew thick skinned, he came to believe it was weakness to show his feelings, that his father was only treating him as he would treat any other man, was teaching him to be strong in the face of adversity, to strive onwards despite mistakes and misjudgements. Strahger saw his father’s coldness was really his strength as a man, a man in possession of vast power, the power of life and death over all he surveyed. Strahger learned from him to hide his true feelings, to bury them deep when expedience and calm judgement were required. He flattered himself he had become an equal of his father and his strength, that he now wielded that power with a cool and calculating, un-emotive demeanour. But he still remembered the way he felt that far off day of the hunting party and the kindness of Zar. He leaned towards the portable viewer.
“Yes, let Zar come up. I will meet him here in the Council chamber. Escort him so he finds his way.” The Security Chief bowed and his image disappeared. Strahger turned towards Nilus. “You do not have to remain,” he said. “Zar is indeed an old friend of my father’s and I feel compelled to allocate him a little time. But you do not have to listen to the prattle of an old man.”
“Thank you ah-ka,” Nilus said. “Time is not on our side in this instance. I must get this list of names to the appropriate authorities and the organisers of the Festival Day broadcast today. I must also have a rest period. The day has been long. I shall take my leave. Ar nosa.” So saying he gathered his notes and satchel and left the room, leaving Strahger alone. He sat drumming his fingers on the table, wondering what Zar could want with him after all these years. A few moments later, the door opened and the Security Chief entered, trailed by a feeble looking old man with a scraggly white beard and white hair, in a faded black robe, a satchel over his shoulder and walking with an unsteady gait.
“This is the gentleman I spoke of,” the Security Chief said. “I realise the day is almost at an end but he was most insistent.”
“That’s fine,” Strahger said. “You may leave us alone.”
“Very well, ah-ka.” The Security Chief bowed and backed out of the room, looking disapprovingly at the old man as he went. Strahger stood up and held out his hand to Zar, they clasped each others wrists in the old tradition, though Strahger seldom let people touch him.
“It is good to see you Zar,” he said with a genuinely warm smile. “Your presence brings back many memories, shades of good days long gone.”
“Indeed there were many good days,” Zar said in a cracked and whispery voice. “It is good to see you also and too many days have passed since we last met. You are the image of your father. It is as if his steady hand was still on the shoulder of Charos, guiding the affairs of state. You have done well with this world. For the most part.”
“It is kindness for you to say so. I try to live up to my father’s example every day.” Strahger was pleased to once again be in the company of his old friend and mentor, but what did he mean by saying he had guided Charos well, “for the most part”? He motioned Zar to sit and for a few moments they exchanged pleasantries, about where Zar was living these days, how Strahger’s wife, Pralah, was getting on, how his Triekas were running and what their chances were in the Grand Championship. Strahger found the conversation pleasant and was enjoying the company of his old friend, but what had brought him to Strahgervand and why was he making this unannounced visit? He did not wish to slight his old friend, but he was tired and looking forward to his rest period. He decided to be blunt.
“It is indeed pleasing to the heart to speak with you again, Zar,” he said. “But tell me, what brings you here after so many years?” Zar did not reply, but instead reached into his satchel and withdrew a many paged document. He dropped it with a loud thump onto the table. 
“This is what brings me,” Zar said, pointing at the document. “I have heard the cry of my beloved Charos and I have been compelled to put pen to paper and make that cry known to those with the power to listen and to act.”
“And what is this, ‘cry’, you speak of?” Strahger said. “What is in this document?”
“That, my young friend, is the voice of Charos, calling out to you who holds the power of life and death in your hands. You who have the power to turn the tide and save Charos from our mistreatment. It is a report I have compiled about the warming of the atmosphere, the warming of the oceans, the melting of the ice caps, the coming of the great storms and hurricanes. The march of the deserts and falling of poison rain.”
Strahger sat back in his chair and folded his arms. “Really Zar,” he said with a tone of annoyance. “I have been through this with the Science Council and some of its more radical members. The changes to the climate you speak of are a natural occurrence. Many millennia ago Charos was much warmer and wetter. The changes we are witnessing are just part of a normal cycle. What does it matter if things become a few degrees warmer here and there for a few centuries? The People still thrive, we sing and dance in the summer and huddle round our heaters and fires in the winter, life will go on though there may be some discomfort for a few.”
Zar nodded his head and looked steadily into Strahger’s eyes. “I see you are an unbeliever,” he said. “But let me indulge myself for a time with you. Let me call on the memory of our friendship, the memory of a man helping a young boy who felt unwanted and strived to please his father who was frugal with kind words. A boy whose mother had died suddenly when she was in her prime. Let me summarise what is in the report for you, let me persuade you to read it.”
Strahger felt caught. He was tired and longing to get to his rest period, but Zar’s invocation of their old friendship made him feel he owed the old man something. “Very well,” he said with reluctance in his tone. “Let me hear your summary.”
“I have come to you,” Zar began. “Because Charos is sick and wasting away. It may even be dying should we continue down our present pathway. Time is of the essence, and we must not waste another day in ignoring the evidence. Let me indulge myself and tell you how things stand.
“We have never experienced warming at the current rate in the whole history of Charos. It is around ten times faster than at any time in over seventy million years. Also, we are now experiencing a mass extinction of species on Charos. There have been five mass extinctions before, the worst being two hundred and fifty million years ago. That was caused by carbon dioxide warming the planet by five degrees. That warming triggered the release of methane which compounded the problem. After that, only a small quantity of life on Charos remained. We are now adding carbon to the atmosphere at least ten times faster. There is a third more carbon in the atmosphere than at any time in the last eight hundred thousand years. Some say perhaps even as long as fifteen million years. Over half of the carbon in the atmosphere released by burning fossil fuels has been emitted in just the last thirty years.
“It is likely that many regions, especially those  close to the equator, will become uninhabitable due to direct heat. In other areas, the spreading of deserts and flooding will impact those living there. With another five degrees warming, whole parts of Charos will be unliveable. With another eleven or twelve degrees, more than half of the world’s population, living in their current place, would die of direct heat. We are seeing this already as dangerous heat waves have increased by fifty times during the last forty years.”
Strahger shifted uncomfortably in his chair and sat back, folding his arms once again. “These are indeed disturbing statistics, Zar, but isn’t it likely that the advanced technologies of Charos can be harnessed to prevent the worst from happening? Technologies such as carbon capture for example ...”
Zar  laid a bony hand on top of the report. “I wish it were so Creto. I wish it were so easy. But the reality of techniques such as carbon capture is that they are only the wisps of a half remembered dream. The truth is, there is not much airborne carbon, just five hundred parts per million, but it is evenly distributed. To use carbon capture on a world-wide scale would require large-scale scrubbing plants nearly everywhere on Charos. One estimate is that to reduce our carbon pollution significantly we would need to activate a carbon capture plant once every day for the next eighty years. Currently, we have only twenty five of them functioning.
“Flooding and ocean rise are also of serious concern. Nearly half of Charos’s major cities are on the coast. Just think of the ports, power plants, naval bases, farmlands and towns and cities built by rivers. In these areas, flooding has quadrupled in the last forty years and in just the last sixteen years it has doubled. These rivers are swollen by the increase in rain and storm surges flow up  them from the sea. Over  the last twenty years this type of flooding around Charos has affected over two point five billion people, killing one hundred and eighty thousand of them.
“And let us not forget the danger from the melting of the ice caps. The great southern ice cap is melting at an unprecedented and alarming rate. In just the last fifty years its ice shelf has lost at least twenty five thousand square delka. In the distant past, when Charos was just five or six degrees warmer, there was no ice at either pole and the sea level was more than two hundred feet higher. If that level of melting were to occur over the next few decades, if we do not act, the sea level around the world could rise again by two hundred feet. Whole cities and towns would be drowned.
“There is also the question of the economic impact of these changes. If we continue down our present path, the costs from droughts, famines, wildfires and flooding will be beyond our means. For example, one of the most recent hurricanes in equatorial regions caused damage in the vicinity of a hundred billion krela. The frequency and intensity of these hurricanes are also increasing. The fact is, if we fail to act, and act decisively, the cost to Charos will be far greater than what it will cost us if we took radical action now.”
Zar sat back in his chair and rested his elbows on the arm rests. “All I have said is but a glimpse of the trouble we face. I do not like to be seen as alarmist or somewhat too vehement. But sometimes the messenger who brings ill tidings must also be given bread and wine as the old saying goes. It has been a labour of love for me to produce this report. A love for Charos and Sa Desia. The People and the World are one as they say. I urge you to read my humble report Creto, and do what you can to ameliorate what may be a disaster for our civilization.”
Strahger regarded his old mentor, managing a thin smile. “I do not wish to cause offence,” he said. “But I think you perhaps are being a little alarmist. After all, virtually the entire fleet of vehicles, all over Charos, is now electric powered. That in itself must make a great difference to the carbon going into the atmosphere. Millions of vehicles, serving the population and our industries but causing no harm to the environment.”
“Indeed it is a step in the right direction,” Zar said. “But it is looking like too little too late. We still have many industries and sources of pollution that are continuing to do damage.  And it must be said, that many of these industries are controlled by the Great Families who have thus far resisted pressure to curb their harmful emissions. They refuse to accept any controls or changes to such things as manufacturing processes, when they can make more krela by sticking to the old polluting ways.”
Strahger nodded his head a few times and was silent for a moment. Then he spoke in a conciliatory tone. “You may have an incisive point there Zar. Sometimes I feel my influence on the Great Families is somewhat limited. But as you say, they cannot shirk their responsibility in these matters. However, things are afoot on Charos that may bring solutions to the problems you have outlined. Great things, great knowledge that will change the course of history if we but have the mettle to grasp the opportunities coming our way. I cannot say much more than that, but suffice to say there are discoveries being made that may ease your mind on these matters.”
Zar smiled and looked Strahger directly in the eyes. “Are you referring to the discovery of Earth?” he said. “Are you thinking of conquest of new realms as a means to saving Charos from itself?”
Strahger for the first time in the conversation was a little taken aback. His tone became defensive. “I cannot speak of such things with those not authorised to know,” he said waving his hand in the air. “Suffice to say, the discoveries I allude to will be made known to all, to Sa Desia, when the moment is right. That moment may be soon.”
“Oh come, come Creto,” Zar said. “I seldom journey this far into the urban areas, I live a simple life in the country. But I am not totally isolated. I still connect to viewers all around the world. I still know people on the Science Council, I still hear gossip and rumour. The reality of Earth, an inhabited planet only four light years from us with a blossoming civilization is all some scientists talk about. I am right about it, aren’t I? You are your father’s son that much is certain. You like to rule, and to rule not one world but two gives you a quickening of the blood.”
Strahger felt a burgeoning sense of annoyance. He felt Zar was claiming too much in the name of an old friendship. “As I have said, Zar. I am not at liberty to discuss what may and may not be in regard to Earth, or any other planet our astronomers and cosmologist are studying. Your friendship is dear to me and it would trouble my conscience were we to part on ill terms. You will have to be patient and wait for the official announcements like the rest of Charos.”
Zar smiled in a knowing way. “Your reluctance to speak on the matter merely confirms what I have heard. But I must warn you in the name of the friendship you speak of, that conquering Earth will not solve all of Charos’s problems. The planet is warming, the climate is changing, and an interplanetary war will not alter that.” Zar stood up unsteadily and picked up his satchel. “I will take my leave of you now. As I have said, you are your father’s son, that much is clear, and the desire for conquest is an elixir of life to you. I am not condemning you or judging you on the matter. I stood by your father all through the war against Altrorum and never did I question his judgement. He made Charos great and created a unified and prosperous world. You have, as I have said, followed closely in his footsteps. But don’t let yourself be blinded by your own sense of power. Heed the voice of science, the voice of reason. Read my report for yourself and act for the good of Charos. That is all I ask. Well ... I must go. Ar nosa my friend. I hope we shall meet again before these old bones of mine begin to crumble into the ground.” So saying, Zar gave a perfunctory bow and turned and walked out of  the room.
For the first time in that day, Strahger found himself alone. He glanced at the report that sat like an accusation on the table before him. Zar was a fool! he thought. An old man who had become enfeebled with age. What did he know of the realities of Charos stuck out in the country away from the levers of power? Strahger wanted to dismiss the thoughts Zar had put into his mind, was inclined to throw his report into the waste disposal chute. Yet he felt also a sense of disquiet. Zar  had never been an extremist, had a fine scientific mind. Perhaps Strahger thought, he was being unfair to call him an old fool. But he did not know everything. He did not know of the realities of Earth, what promise it held out. He did not know of the Lieth Ah Domah drive and that Earth could soon be within easy reach. He thought to himself that Zar was wrong on the point of Earth solving the problems of Charos. Once Earth was conquered, the great migration could begin. Two billion people from Charos moving to Earth and remaking it in the image of their home world. A new beginning for all of Sa Desia, a new home where the worst ravages facing Charos had not yet begun, and back on Charos, breathing room for the remaining billions, a time and space for the suffering planet to recover and heal. No, Zar did not look far enough into the future to see the benefits of two worlds united as one, under he, Strahger’s firm hand. 
He sighed, stood up and stretched his cramped body. He looked once more at the report, decided that he would delegate its reading to Nilus and if there was anything of value in it he would attention it to Sa Intrium Drakah, the Science Council. For now, he just wanted to get home and have a rest period before the tiresome meet and greet that Pralah insisted he attended, making small talk with menials who flattered themselves they had the ear of true power just because he indulged them in a little small talk. Such was the nature of destiny. The mighty must sometimes suffer the mundane. He picked up his portable viewer and activated it.
“It is I, the ah-ka,” he said in clipped tones. “Notify the security detail, I’m going home.”

___  ___  ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Four

Laria settled into the comfortable chair of the Satah Vika, the Swift Breeze - a Hyperloop train which was to carry her the eight hundred delka to Kragarvand. The Hyperloop trains had been running on most continents and countries of Charos for some fifty years and had become a very fast and reliable means of transport. 
The carriages were inside a steel tube in a near vacuum, and they were lifted by electromagnets and other magnets then propelled the train forward. The near vacuum meant there was little friction and no wind resistance. The pressure in the tube was about equal to being some two hundred thousand feet above ground. The train would travel at about seven hundred dleka per hour, using very little energy and with stops at various stations, the entire journey would take about three hours. Laria preferred the Satah Vika to flying or driving, there were seldom any holdups in the system. The trains were protected from weather and could operate in any conditions. It was also a very smooth ride, with acceleration and deceleration controlled by computer and almost imperceptible to the passengers. 
Laria’s mother had asked her how she could stand not seeing anything outside, wondered did she not worry that something would go wrong and she would be stuck with the other passengers inside a tube in the middle of nowhere. Laria reassured her that the Hyperloop tubes were made of very thick steel and almost impossible to breach and should air leak in from the outside it would merely slow the train down. It was also true that the Hyperloop tubes could be sealed off in sections if necessary and Laria further reassured her mother by pointing out that the Satah Vika had a better safety record than flying.
Laria was looking forward to spending some time with her parents, even if it was for only a few days, as she had not seen them for several months. Her father seemed to understand that her job at the Space Research Centre made severe demands on her time and was not the sort of employment that stopped at the evening division. Her mother was less understanding and seemed somewhat concerned that Laria had still not met that special someone and made the vows of Sa Arva Ta - The Love Good. Laria sensed that she longed to be a grandparent and was hoping Laria would favour her with a child in the near future.
 Laria however, was content with being single, had no plans to make the partnership, even if she did meet someone who seemed right for her. There was much going on in her life, anyway. The Lieth Ah Domah drive would soon be put to the test, and if it successfully made the journey to Earth a new era would begin in her life. Which was not to say she did not occasionally rue her somewhat solitary existence, she had only a few friends. She lived for her work, for the exploration of the great unexplained and unknown, for what she called the “Great Goddess Science”. She also felt a sense of responsibility to the other women of Charos. The Great Charter proclaimed equality between all races and between the sexes, but Laria felt it was more honoured in the breach than the observance. She felt a need to prove herself, both as an individual and as a woman. She would follow in the footsteps of talented scientists such as Triala Edak, her colleague at the Space Research Centre and a brilliant physicist with whom she had dined so recently at Tarka Morvo’s. She and Triala had often stood together to argue a point or defend a course of scientific endeavour. Laria hoped that she could leave a mark, just as Triala had, and maybe those coming after her would not have to fight so hard to be heard.
She mulled over these thoughts for a time and then activated the viewer attached to the back of the seat in front of her. She scrolled through the programmes available and settled on one of the Great Tolmaran operatic myths, written some three hundred years ago and still staged to the present. She put the small earphones provided into her ears and settled back to watch and listen. The story was simple enough, set in mythical times, when Gods and Goddesses ruled all of Charos and the lives of Sa Desia,  - The People, the mortals, did not trouble them. The great warrior hero, Hadod, a demi-God, was on a quest to rescue the fair Katchia from the clutches of the terrible beast Nafaram, a many armed creature that could freeze his victims with his breath and who dwelt at the centre of the northern Polar Ice Cap. Katchia had been handed over to Nafaram by her father, the King of ancient Tolmara, because she would not marry a lord from a neighbouring kingdom with whom her father wished to form an alliance. Hadod, after facing several setbacks and dangers, slays the beast Nafaram and returns to Tolmara with Katchia. Their pairing divides the kingdom, with those supporting the lovers opposing those still loyal to the King. In a great last battle, Hadod slays the King and the lovers marry and rule ancient Tolmara with wisdom and strength, uniting the country once more.
Laria watched the opera in a somewhat abstract frame of mind, it helped to pass the time, but she had seen the legend many times before and fell asleep before the last great battle. An insistent voice in her ears awakened her - it was the sound of the Satah Vika captain announcing that they had reached their destination and the Hyperloop train would be pulling into the station at Kragarvand in a few minutes. Laria wiped her hands across her eyes and stretched her muscles as well as she could in the confines of the seat. All around her the other passengers were retrieving their luggage and personal effects from the train’s lockers and she rose from her seat and did the same. In just a few more moments, the train had glided into the station and slid to a stop.
  Laria disembarked through the sliding doors and made her way to the main concourse where people scurried to and fro, taking Hyperloop trains to all corners of Tolmara. She stood looking round for a moment and then she saw the figure of her father, Ligo Praxi, coming towards her, smiling. She thought, not for the first time, how well preserved he was for a man of his age, though his brow and face were lined and the remains of his hair a whitish grey. He was tall and thin with somewhat hollow cheeks, the bones prominent, he looked somewhat ascetic and was dressed in a simple olive green silda suit. He came close, and still smiling, met her with a warm hug.
“You are looking healthy and well-fed,” he said as they pulled apart. “Your mother will be pleased.”
“You are kindness itself, father. And you look in peak condition also. You haven’t aged a day since I last saw you.”
Ligo gave a soft laugh. “You are not a good liar, Laria, and you are the one being kind. I feel my age in the cold of the Morlah season, although we hear on the Dra bulletins that last Morlah was the warmest on record. Although they hasten to assure us this is a natural occurrence.”
“As natural as the smokestacks pouring their pollution into the atmosphere,” Laria said with a wry smile. “But let us not talk so openly of such a controversial subject. I long to get home and relax with a glass of your homemade ale.”
“I have some chilling in the cooler in anticipation of your arrival. Yes ... let us go. Let me take your bag. Unfortunately there is a severe storm due tonight and already the rain is falling and the wind picking up. But we should be settled at home when the worst of it occurs. Come, follow me.” 
So saying, he strode off and Laria walked close beside him, threading their way through the crowds of travellers until they were outside in the street. Her father used his portable viewer and communicator to summon a robot car which arrived in just a few minutes. Dodging the rain they got into the car and Ligo placed his krela card on the reader on the dashboard and the robot car requested the destination. Ligo told the car the address and soon they were on their way. Laria sat back in the seat and looked with a certain sense of nostalgia as the familiar buildings and streets of Kragarvand swept by, the heavy rain washing brownish-grey dust off the buildings and onto the pavements and then into the drains. They drove for about half an hour until they came to an area composed principally of domestic dwellings, with only a few merchant shops around. They pulled up alongside an unremarkable house, about a third of the size of Laria’s senior, Tarka Morvo’s, where she had recently dined in style and luxury. Her father’s house was modest, but well made and comfortable, as befitted a man who had spent his life as a general science lecturer at the local Sa Intrius Ket - the Third School. It was Laria’s father who had given her the love of science from an early age, and he was proud of the fact that she had pursued her passion which culminated in the prestigious job at the Space Research Centre.
They both clambered out of the car and clutching Laria’s luggage, ran through the rain to the door of the house, which slid silently open to reveal Laria’s mother, Veena, waiting for them. She was a slightly built woman, with a kindly face, large eyes and silver streaks through her tightly pinned back hair. She wore an embroidered robe with seams of gold thread, an expensive choice that would have been more appropriate on an evening out attending some social gathering or cultural event.
“I see you have brought the weather with you my child,” Veena said, embracing Laria. “It will be good to stay indoors out of the storm and hear how you’re getting on. It has been too long since we have seen you my dear. Far too long. Come, come. Into the living room. Your father can put your luggage in your room. Come tell me all you have been doing these many months.”
Laria followed her mother into the central room of the house. It was simply furnished, with large cushions for seating, a low lider wood table in the centre with a viewer attached. Around the wall were several hologram portraits of family members. Her mother had adorned the room with flowers in each corner in anticipation of Laria’s arrival, an old Tolmaran tradition to welcome back those who had been parted. Laria thought it an unnecessary gesture as she had not been gone that long, but her mother, although liberated in her own way, had a soft spot for the older Tolmaran customs. Laria sank onto a cushion and made herself comfortable, relaxing in the familiar surrounds of the house where she had spent most of her growing years. Her father came into the room and smiled at her.
“Are you ready for that homemade ale?” he said. “Or would you rather wait until after we have eaten.”
“Oh no. Now’s fine,” Laria said. “I feel a little dry after the recycled air of the Satah-Vikah.”
“I shall return momentarily,” Ligo said and left the room.
“You are looking fit and healthy,” Veena said. She had also made herself comfortable on one of the cushions. “I am pleased you are taking care of yourself. How goes everything? Your career? Your social life? I hope you have not been neglecting yourself and that you’re taking time out to relax and enjoy life. I worry at the amount of time and effort you put into your job. Which is not to say we are not proud of your achievements. You have done well and your dedication is an example to all young women.” 
“I am pleased to hear you say it,” Laria said. “But as I have said to you before, it’s much more than a job to me. It’s more of a calling. A vocation. As to social life and relaxation, I do still take time out for myself. I am not obsessive. But this is a time of great advances in the sphere in which I work. There is great excitement amongst my colleagues in the collective. We are on the brink of a major breakthrough. I cannot say more than that at this time. But soon a significant announcement will be made and you too will become inspired for all things to do with the Space Programme.”
“Ah ... intriguing,” Veena said. “But you know I have always supported you in your career choice. I wish in my time I could have had such opportunities. However, those were different days. But as I say, you are making a pathway that other woman may be able to follow.” 
Before Laria could reply, her father came back into the room bearing a tray with bottles of ale and three glasses on it. He set it down on the table, poured the ale from one of the dark blue bottles into the glasses and handed them round. Then he sat on a cushion next to his wife and smiled at her and his daughter.
“It is indeed good to see you Laria,” he said. “A toast then, to the wayfarer who has returned home to rest their feet before the fire.” He raised his glass in the air as did Laria and Veena and then all three drank. They began to talk of everyday things, of people they all knew, of family members and how they were getting on. Outside, the storm raged and blew and there was the sound of heavy drumming as the rain spattered on the roof. Ligo asked questions about the Space Research Centre and Laria was as forthcoming as she could be, explaining once again that she and her colleagues were on the cusp of a major achievement but she was not at liberty to say more.
“In fact,” Laria said. “I have been offered a considerable promotion. I was invited to dinner at Tarka Morvo’s house with several other people and at the end of the evening, Tarka suggested I should apply for the position of one of the seniors who is leaving.”
“That is splendid news!” her father said. “I always believed you deserved such a position. That your talents would be recognised.”
“Indeed it is a great compliment to your abilities and skills,” her mother said. “But I hope you’re not going to neglect your social life completely, that you will have time for friendship and perhaps, who knows, one day a partner who appreciates your fine mind and achievements.”
“Oh mother ...” Laria said. “Don’t spoil my announcement by wishing me to be making the vows of Sa Arva Ta. My work and my destiny are one and the same.”
“I’m not putting pressure on you my dear,” Veena said. “I just want you to have happiness in life, in all spheres of your life. It was the happiest day of my life when you were born and over the years you brought great joy to your father and I. But that is not to say I am casting judgement on your choices. If things were different in my day, perhaps I too would have had a different destiny.”
“Instead you ended up married to a drudge like me,” Ligo said with a smile and took a sip of his ale.
“Jest if you will,” Veena said. “But I had my hopes set on higher things when I was a young woman, before I met your father. I had a facility for languages. I studied the language of Altorum and became quite fluent in Agalian. At the end of Sa Intrius Ket I went for an interview for the Tolmaran diplomatic corps. I was tested on my abilities and I believe I acquitted myself quite well. But the middle-aged man conducting my interview said it was his belief most women were unsuited to a career as a diplomat. He said much krela and effort were wasted when the woman left to make the vows and have babies.”
“I knew you had studied Agalian and Altori at Sa Intrius Ket,” Ligo said. “But I have never heard you mention an attempt to become a diplomat.”
“Yes, you are surprised,” Veena said. “I am still capable of a little mystery, though I be merely a mother and homemaker. But in those days women were supposed to know their place, though the Great Charter proclaimed, ‘men and women shall be equal in all things, in every endeavour and station in life. Men and women are as one in the great striving forward’.
“Well ... there was precious little equality. Choices were limited and most careers of importance were dominated by men. In fact they still are, as I’m sure you can attest to Laria, or have things changed dramatically in the last decades and the Great Charter is being implemented at the Space Research Centre and elsewhere on Charos?”
“Perhaps things have improved somewhat from those days,” Laria said. “But perhaps also there is a great deal of road to travel. I have encountered a few men in my career who obviously felt a woman had no place in the upper reaches of space research. And it is a more or less open bone of contention that Triala Edak, who you know is one of the seniors at my collective, is well overdue for a place on The Science Council.”
“Triala has a fine mind and would make a great addition to Sa Intrium Drakah,” Ligo said. “You are right, it is a scientific scandal that she has not been elected before today.”
“Yes, I agree,” Laria said. “And she may be so one day soon, who knows. I feel I would be making a contribution myself if I take the senior position. And that is not all my news. Tarka and his wife, Crali, have offered to sponsor me for membership of Sa Jatah.”
“Oh really?” her father said and took a drink of his ale. Her mother said nothing and she and Ligo exchanged glances. Laria was a little taken aback. She expected this news to be met with the enthusiasm with which they had greeted the news of her work promotion, but their sudden silence on the matter disconcerted her.
“You do not seem so encouraging about Sa Jatah,” she said. “Do you disapprove?”
Ligo and Veena exchanged glances once again and seemed to be waiting for each other to speak. Finally, Ligo, cradled his glass in both hands and a serious expression came over his face.
“I must admit,” he said. “Your mother and I were hoping you would succeed in your career and endeavours without ever becoming a member of Sa Jatah. That you would manage, as we have managed, to navigate society without joining.”
“I have no great love for Sa Jatah myself,” Laria said. “But surely the way to prosper on Charos is to become a member. Would it not be a fine complement to my promotion within the Space Research Centre? Especially as we are not of Great Family stock and I must depend on my abilities and achievements for advancement. I do not wish to outshine the stars, as they say, but I may be able to, with my colleagues, make a significant scientific contribution. Something that will echo down through the years.”
“No-one could be prouder of your achievements so far than we are,” Ligo said. “It is just that Sa Jatah ... how shall I put it ... is not the institution I knew as a young man. Times have changed. It used to be, someone with merit could be asked to join and work their way to success by their own will and talent. The individual counted for something and was rewarded for effort. Now ... Sa Jatah has become ... how shall I say, without Sa Tahgus breaking down our door ... something of a self serving beast. It is dominated by the Great Families and has become a selfish elite, ruling Charos for the benefit of its members only, instead of as is claimed in the Great Charter, for ‘all’.”
“Your father is right,” Veena said. “But he is not telling everything. At Sa Intrius Ket, he was due to take on the role of First Senior in his collective, in charge of the whole Science Department. Everyone expected it. But the Sa Intrius Ket council appointed a man in only his forties, with less than a decade’s experience. Simply because he was well connected within Sa Jatah.” 
“That’s terrible! Although I suppose, unsurprising,” Laria said. “Is there not some system of appeal? Would not your colleagues in the work collective support you in such an attempt?”
“It would do no good,” Ligo said. “All the Sa Intrius Ket council are Sa Jatah members and the man they appointed also appears destined to marry a young woman from one of the Great Families. The Sa Intrius Ket council favours him for that reason also.”
“And there are other matters to consider,” Veena said. “You may be required to sit on councils organising such things as cultural activities. Something that would no doubt be pleasant to you. But you may also be called upon to sit upon a justice committee, passing rulings on criminals. Some of whom may have only committed the crime of thinking for themselves. Could you really condemn someone to becoming dispossessed, simply because they have expressed opinions Sa Tahgus does not approve of? Could you really make them Soltar, and then walk past them in the street as they sit begging?”
“I don’t know ...” Laria said. “I had not thought a great deal on what might be required of me outside of the Space Programme if I joined.”
“And that is not the least of it,” her father said. “What if you are called upon to judge a case that might lead to the death penalty?”
“You think it could come to that?” Laria said.
 “There is always the possibility,” Ligo said. “Your mother and I have a little secret in fact in that regard.”
“A secret?” Laria said.
“Perhaps you should  not speak of it,” Veena said. “It might be better for her if she does not know. Especially with her probable advancement.”
“What is it?” Laria said, suddenly concerned that her parents may be in some kind of trouble or distress.
“Your mother and I have signed a petition. A petition calling for the banishment of the death penalty everywhere on Charos. The organizers have managed to secure the support of several thousand people. Each one of them will only be identified on the petition by their first name and occupation. They don’t want Sa Tahgus hunting them down. The petition will be sent to viewers worldwide on the day of the Great Festival. It should cause quite a sensation.”
“I hope you are both being cautious,” Laria said in a worried voice. “Such an action on the Festival Day will likely bring the wrath of Sa Tahgus. But what decided you to become so involved?” 
 “I’m not sure what the tipping point was,” her father said. “When I was younger, I believed such a punishment was deserved  for murderers and traitors alike. But as I have aged I have come to see it as an unnecessary cruelty. I have seen the authorities on Charos persecute those whose only crime is to question injustice, nepotism, favouritism, inequality and racism. They sentence to death those whose only act of insurrection is to ask ‘why’. I do not believe our leaders have any more right to take a life than the right of an individual to do the same. Those who rule must set an example.”
“And you share these beliefs, mother?” Laria said.
“I have always been uncomfortable with the death penalty,” Veena said. “Even when I was young I could barely bring myself to watch the executions on Festival Day. Now I feel it is just a thirst for vengeance rather than justice. Do you understand our opinion, or are you likely to report us to Sa Tahgus?” Veena smiled at her daughter and took a sip of her ale.
Laria smiled back at her. “I would not report you even if you were not my parents. I too have never felt comfortable with the Festival Day penalties. As they say, we would stand in their shoes but for the touch of fate.”
“And that is not all that is amiss on Charos,” Ligo said. “We hear whispers that things are astir in the great cities all around the world. There are those whose lives are blighted by poverty and lack of opportunity, though Sa Jatah and Creto Strahger claim all are cared for and that Charos forges ahead in prosperity and freedom. Many feel oppressed and many struggle for their daily necessities. If Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah do not provide for the people there may be great trouble. The Dra bulletins give no hint of discontent but we hear rumours of the organization that calls itself Sa Domari, that they are behind many acts of sabotage and rebellion.”
“Sa Domari?” Laria said. “I thought they were just a small sect of radicals. That Sa Jatah regards them as a mere irritation. What do they say of them? ‘A group of maladjusted troublemakers who cannot or will not implement the tenets of the Great Charter.’”
“So Sa Jatah would have us believe,” Ligo said. “But we hear at Sa Intrius Ket that some of the students are involved and we hear also that Sa Domari is responsible for many of the acts of rebellion the Dra bulletins report, although they never give them the prestige of a name.”
“Perhaps there is some truth to what you say,” Laria said. “I think I came across one of their actions the night of Tarka Morvo’s dinner party.” Laria proceeded to tell her parents about how her drive home that night was halted by the people attacking the transporters and stealing their cargo of food containers. She told them of the Sa Tahgus officer coming so close to her, of the frightened face of the man he was beating and arresting. She spoke of how shaken she was and how difficult it was to get to sleep that night.
“It is fortunate you were not harmed,” her father said. “But as I say, these are troubled times and such incidents are not uncommon. But as to your situation, I would say think on it a while. Perhaps joining Sa Jatah will be of benefit to your career, perhaps not. Suffice to say, I shall not think less of you for taking up the offer, but I would caution you as to how involved you become in their machinations. They can smooth your path to success, but at what price to your soul?” 
“Your father is right,” Veena said. “Your mind is your greatest asset. Do not fetter it behind a hypocritical creed. Act according to your conscience, then you will walk the walk of the just.”

Later that night, Laria lay in bed, sleep slow to come, and replayed the conversation with her parents. She was a little worried that they seemed to be pursuing a more political bent in their lives. She hoped they would not get into any trouble over the petition they had signed. They were certainly becoming more thoughtful and opinionated in their older age. As for her, she thought mainly of her career, her small but she hoped, somewhat helpful role in the Space Programme. What more did the world demand of her? She followed the rules, tried to implement the Great Charter in her daily work and life, she cared only for the mysteries of the Cosmos, the exploration and scientific examination of the Universe she found herself a part of. So, should she join Sa Jatah? Would it compromise her soul as her mother said, or would it lead  to advancement and status that would cement her contribution to the Space Programme and its crowning glory, the Lieth Ah Domah faster than light drive? She listened to the wind rushing round the house and the rain still drumming against the roof and windows. Perhaps her father was right, that all was not well on Charos and that change may be required. That some of the old institutions and values that had stood for over a hundred years were being challenged. As to joining Sa Jatah, her parents’ words had disturbed her more than she realised. She would think on the possibility, there was no great rush. She had managed so far without membership, perhaps she could achieve all she wanted in the Space Research Centre as an independent individual, or was she being naive and she should grasp the opportunity that beckoned? She decided she would leave the decision for when she got back to Strahgervand and closed her eyes, slipping away into sleep.

*
The next day, the Akanta, dawned almost free from the usual pollution, the wind and rain of the night before having carried much of it out to sea. Laria, fully dressed in a light green silda suit, sat at a bench in the kitchen and ate a simple breakfast of hot silta bread dipped in karinda berry sauce. At the same time she drank a cup of rahgi, a mild stimulant made from the leaves of the rahgini bush, common in equatorial regions. It was exported to and drunk all over Charos and was often used to shake off the remnants of sleep. She saw out the window that it was a fine day, with the sun well risen and great Kata just below it, shining bright in the upper atmosphere haze. She could hear her mother pottering about in one of the bedrooms and her father was in the central room looking over some of his students’ papers. She was just contemplating how she would spend the day when chimes from the viewer in the central room rang through the house, indicating someone was at the door.
“I’ll get it,” her father called out, and  Laria wondered who it could be so early in the morning. She was just about to dip another piece of bread a few moments later when her father came into the kitchen. “A ghost from your past walks the land,” he said with a mysterious smile, and then she nearly dropped her piece of bread when coming into the kitchen behind her father was a familiar face. A face that had aged over the years, but recognisable none the less. It was Keda Tartha, her old boyfriend from Sa Intrius Ket.
“Ar tah,” he said and smiled, raising his hand in greeting. “I hope that look on your face is surprise to see me and not dismay.”
For a moment, Laria could not speak and merely sat there with a piece of bread in her hand. Finally she found her voice. “Ar tah. Is it really you, Keda? After all this time ... why, it’s been years! Years and years. Yet I do recognise you, you do look much the same. By Domah, surprise is the right word! How are you? What brings you to Tolmara and to Kragarvand? What brings you to our door after such an age?”
“Actually, I live in Kragarvand now. I have done for a number of years. I am a mechanical engineer for the Town Council. It’s mostly sewerage systems and water pipes. I finished my studies at Sa Intrius Ket in Hega, in the south of Chiata all those years ago. My parents and my brothers still live there. But I was restless and travelled through several countries of Charos, going where the work was. Finally, I met a charming woman in Kragarvand and about the same time I managed to get a posting to the Kragarvand city engineering department. Now I am settled. I have a wonderful partner and two happy children. Life has been kind to me.”
“I will leave you two to get reacquainted,” Ligo said. “I really must get on with reading my students’ papers. There is hope for some of them I think! Ar Nosa.” So saying he left Laria and Keda alone. An awkward silence filled the space between the two of them for a few moments and Laria searched for the right words. Uppermost in her mind was why had Keda suddenly decided to look her up now? Was he hoping to rekindle their old romance? Surely not, since he said he had made the partnership and had a family and was happy.
“You are fortunate to have found me here,” Laria said. “I have only come home for a couple of days including the Akanta to spend a little time with my parents. I am settled in Strahgervand now.”
“Yes. So I have heard,” Keda said with a smile. “And doing great things in the Space Programme word has it. As to finding you home, I only called in on the off-chance. I thought I might get news of you from your parents. But luck has smiled upon me, and here you are.”
“Well ... luck indeed. But tell me, what draws you to our door? After all this time? What made you decide to look me up?”
Keda smiled again. “I’m not quite sure. I was in the area, looking at some pipe-laying work nearby which could not wait for my inspection, even though it is the Akanta, when being near to your parent’s place, I got to thinking about those days so long ago at Sa Intrius Ket, and how we had been happy for a brief period of time.”
Laria smiled and for a moment as she looked at him, she felt she could see the youth who had been so idealistic, who had brushed up against the rough side of Charos and had his dream dashed by Sa Tahgus. “We were so young in those days,” she said. “But you are right, I remember them as happy. But I was sad when we were parted. Who knows what may have happened had you not decided to stage your protest against the building of the dam in Chiata. We might have still been together.”
“Yes. We were young, and foolish. To think a few students protesting could have moved the will of Sa Intrium Mantah! And I too was sad when we went our separate ways. Although it seems life has not been completely unkind to either of us.”
 “Yes, it sounds like you have created a good life for yourself, despite the loss of your place at Sa Intrius Ket in Strahgervand all those years ago. But tell me more of your life. What is your wife and family like? How have you fared being a father? Do you see anyone from those long gone days anymore? Anyone I might know?”
There followed a discussion about their various lives and activities. How their careers had been going, what they did in their spare time. Keda talked with a warm smile when he spoke of his wife and children and Laria gained the impression that they were his pride and joy, that he had matured and gained some wisdom and was a loving father and dutiful husband. They talked of others they had known back in the far off days of Sa Intrius Ket and Keda was able to satisfy Laria’s curiosity about some of them. As they talked she felt at ease and as if the years did not stand between them. It was as if they had been having a conversation all that time ago and they had just picked it up years later as if no time had passed. Finally a silence fell between them, and Laria was searching for her next topic of conversation when Keda spoke.
“Tell me,” he said. “Do you still play Holusa? I remember you were quite adept back in the day.”
Laria smiled. “Well ... I don’t know about adept ... but I did love to play. Unfortunately, my career does not allow much time and energy for such pursuits. What about you? Do you indulge?”
“I still take an interest. Mainly I watch tournaments on the viewer. No ... I was just wondering ... there is a tournament today, here in south Kragarvand. I was thinking about dropping in to watch it for a while. Perhaps you might like to come with me? We could spend an hour or two there and then get a midday meal at a rather quaint eating house I know of nearby. What do you say?”
“Well ... I don’t know ...” Laria was a little perplexed. She was pleased to see Keda and it was interesting to catch up on gossip and reminisce a little. But did she really want to spend half a day with him? What exactly was his purpose? “I should really spend time with my parents ... it is them I have some to see. Although it would be fun to attend a Holusa tournament. It has been an age since I have seen one live. But won’t your wife be wondering where you are?”
“She has taken the children to her parents’ place,” Keda said. “I am at a loose end for the entire Akanta. Do say yes ... just one hour at the tournament, one hour for the meal and I will return you home. I have a vehicle. It would be good to catch up some more. What do you say? For old time’s sake?”
Laria felt a little uncertain. She should really spend the time with her parents, but she was tempted by seeing the Holusa tournament and was enjoying the conversation with Keda. She did not want to take too much time from her parents, but did not want to offend Keda at the same time. Well, she thought, she would only be gone two to three hours at the most. And it was fun to chat with Keda.
“All right,” she said. “I will go with you. It will almost be like old times when we used  to play and watch tournaments at Sa Intrius Ket. Just let me tell my parents and get myself organised.”

An hour or so later the two of them were in south Kragarvand, in a large hall with seating all around its sides. In the centre of the hall was a large scale model of four virtual provinces, each with three cities, two fortresses, a port complete with navy, army bases, roads, houses and all the detail  that might be found in any real province of  Charos some four hundred years ago. At each end of the hall were large screens that showed the game in progress close up. Sitting in comfortable chairs at each of the provinces were four Holusa teams, with four players in each team. The object of the game was to take over as many other provinces as possible, the first team to lay claim to at least three provinces being declared the victor.
Laria thought with some satisfaction that she and Keda had arrived at an interesting point in the game which had been progressing for some four hours. The players of the first province had formed an alliance with the third province and were combining their military forces to stage an invasion of the second province. The second province had sent ambassadors to the fourth province to try and form a military alliance but the rulers of the fourth province were remaining neutral in the conflict. They were hoping to take advantage of the demise of the second province to pursue their own agenda of what looked like might be a military invasion of the first province while they were distracted by their attack on the second province. 
Each move in the game had an element of chance attached to it - a wheel was spun which was numbered from one to a hundred. The players would signal their moves by raising small hand held flags of their province and stating their intent to an independent judge who oversaw the contest from a high seat overlooking the game. They then moved their representative pieces accordingly and the wheel would be spun. The higher the number, the more likely the success of their actions. For example, the armies of the first and third province had by now laid siege to one of the fortresses of the second province, having successfully moved their troops across the border with little resistance. The invaders would now open fire with cannons on the fortress and the wheel would be spun up to a dozen times, one for each barrage. The defenders in the fortress would also spin the wheel after each barrage and whoever gained the added up highest score would be declared the winner. If the invaders got the highest score of twelve spins, the fortress would fall, if the defenders got the highest total, it would be considered the fortress remained intact and those within safe and free to counter-attack.
After each move by the teams, they were required to pick up a ‘chance’ card which could alter the course of the game. For example, the first and third provinces would be required to each pick a card after the battle for the fortress. If one of them said for example, “your troops succumb to food poisoning and are not fit to fight for two turns”, they may have won the battle for the fortress but would have to withdraw and be unable to use their troops until their two turns were up.
The game also had a financial aspect, and each province began the contest with a certain amount of krela in a central account. Each move they made was allotted a cost, with such things as feeding troops, buying weapons, paying bribes all coming out of their accounts. They had to be careful they did not become bankrupt, in which case they were not allowed to make moves they could not pay for and their province would be in danger of conquest. 
Laria watched the battle for the fortress with interest, but a stirring in the team of the fourth province caught her eye. “Look,” she said to Keda. “It appears the fourth province navy is about to sail. My guess is they’re heading for the first province port while they are distracted by their invasion attempt.”
“Or they intend to take on the navies of both the first and third province,” Keda said. “Their alliance is a good tactic, but of course they will have to eventually turn on each other. They had better not leave it too late. They are pushing their luck if they intend to take on both navies at once.”
Before Laria could reply their was the sound of a ceremonial horn being blown. It was to announce a break in the game, when the players took the time to refresh themselves with food and drink. Those seated around Laria and Keda also began to leave their seats, heading to stalls outside the hall where food and drink could be found. 
“Well I believe it’s quite an interesting tournament,” Keda said. “I hope it was worth it to you to see it with me.”
“Indeed it is worth it,” Laria said with a smile. “It brings it all back to me how much fun it was to play and be involved.”
“That pleases me,” Keda said, also smiling. “But tell me, have you seen enough? I would dearly love to take you to the wonderful eating house I told you about. Their dishes from Esar are superb and make a good midday meal. Or would you rather stay and see how the game progresses?”
“No. It’s all right. I have seen enough to satisfy my sense of nostalgia. And I am a little hungry. Is the eating house far?”
“It is only four or five delka from here. A mere short drive. Shall we go then?”
Laria assented and they stood and made their way out of the hall with the rest of the crowd.

An hour or so later, they were seated in a secluded booth in the eating house Keda had spoken of. The remains of their meal had been cleared away by the serving staff and they were sipping on Agali wine of a very good vintage. A small lamp, filled with oil from the arrachi bush, common in countries just below the equator, cast a sepia glow, making the features of the two diners, soft and warm. On the sound system, a lilting, delicate refrain from the Esar pipes, accompanied by the deftly played strings of a Kalietah, caressed their ears and filled any spaces in the conversation. Laria had enjoyed the fine food and the conversation between her and Keda seemed to flow easily, though they had not seen each other for so many years, although Laria was worrying somewhat that the setting was a little too romantic for their surprise re-acquaintance. A silence had fallen between them and she was once again searching for her next words, when Keda leaned back in his chair, folded his arms and looked carefully around the restaurant, as if he was looking for someone he knew.
“Are you expecting further company?” Laria said with a smile and took a sip of her wine.
Keda smiled. “I was just ... making sure we cannot be overheard. A simple precaution.”
“Are you expecting Sa Tahgus to be interested in our dinner conversation?” 
“Well ... as you have brought it up ... I think they would be interested in this meeting, yes.”
“Really? You think they might remember your ill-fated student protest?” Laria smiled.
“It is not that. It is the fact I have not been entirely honest with you.”
“In what way?” Laria said, her smile fading.
“I had an ulterior motive for inviting you to the Holusa game and to this meal.”
“What sort of motive?” Laria said, her tone now one of concern. Was Keda going to suggest an affair, did he have some sort of flame still burning for her?
“It is not easy to explain ... but I will try. I have some friends ... some people I am involved with ... who would like your help in a matter of some importance.”
“My help? Help with what? If it’s krela you want ... I am comfortable, but I am not wealthy.”
“No ... it is not krela. My friends are interested in you because of your position at the Space Research Centre.”
“My position?” Laria felt a mixture of anxiety and a burgeoning anger. “Did you know I would be at my parents’ place this Akanta? That I would be in Kragarvand? Do you mean to tell me that the Holusa, the meal, all this was a pretence to take advantage of my position?”
Keda held up a placating hand. “Please Laria, do not be alarmed. My friends do not wish to take advantage of you. They genuinely need your help. But if we are being honest ... yes, they did know you would be here this Akanta. They know many things.”
“What kind of friends? Friends that spy on me? That may be a threat to the Space Programme? Is that what you’re telling me? Are you a traitor, Keda? Some sort of criminal? Who has put you up to this, trading on my old affection for you?”
“As I said, Laria, there is no cause for alarm. I am no traitor, although some might call my present path so. I act in the interests of Charos, in the interests of freedom and so do my friends. We do not employ the tactics of Sa Tahgus. Your private life is your own. But it has been decided at the highest level to approach you and to sound you out. Our cause needs your help, Charos needs your help.”
“I think you had better tell me everything, Keda, for though I have no praise to give for Sa Tahgus and I am not a member of Sa Jatah, I will not countenance or be involved in any threat to the Space Programme. Who are these friends of yours who trade on the love that once lay between us? What exactly do they want from me?”
Keda did not reply immediately, but looked round the eating house once more. Finally, he leaned forward, close to Laria and spoke in a lowered voice.
“My friends are Sa Domari.”
Laria was a little taken aback. “You Keda? A man with a good career, a loving wife and children? How did you come to be involved?”
“You remember how they sent me back to Chiata when we were at Sa Intrius Ket? How they went ahead and built the dam that flooded ours and thousands of others’ farmland? Well, it was a blow my family never quite recovered from. We moved to the city and managed somehow, but the bitterness remained. I was part of a group that continued to protest, to try and get adequate compensation. We were tolerated because we had no real political power, no real leverage. It was around that time that I was approached by an acquaintance who was Sa Domari. I have been helping them ever since in whatever way I can.”
Laria sat back in her seat. “And now they wish to recruit me? Is that it? Do they expect me to sabotage the Space Programme? Damage, or spy on the very institution that is a life blood to me, my one true cause?”
“I don’t know what they have in mind, but I can tell you they do not wish to sabotage the Space Programme.”
“Then what is it they want?”
“I don’t know. My instructions are only to ask for your help. What form that help takes was not imparted to me.”
“And what makes you think I won’t turn you in? That I will not immediately report you to Sa Tahgus?”
“That is a risk that they decided to take. But I know you from your youth, when your heart was free and true. I remember well you had no love for Sa Tahgus and their methods. That like me, you longed for something better, to live in a free world. And I think also that you are too tender-hearted. You still have some regard for me, or else you would not have come out with me. I don’t believe you’d hand me over to be interrogated or possibly tortured.”
Laria shook her head. She could not quite believe how the day was turning out, though now she looked at it, it was unusual for Keda to have looked her up and she perhaps should have been more on her guard, perhaps not have accompanied him to the Holusa and the meal. She sat uncertain how to react, what to say. She had the sense on the one hand that she should stand up and walk out, tell Keda to never cross her path again. But on the other hand, she was curious. Perhaps she should find out more? Perhaps there was a real threat to the Space Programme? But perhaps Keda was being honest when he said he did not know the reason for Sa Domari’s interest in her. 
 “I thought Sa Domari were just a band of misfits and malcontents,” she said. “The Dra bulletins do not even name them.”
“They do not name them because they are much more than malcontents. They have members all over the world. People in many fields and disciplines. Computer technology, military, financial, medicine, industrial ...  the time is coming when Sa Jatah will begin to crumble at the knees, be worn down and eventually tumble. Strahger will be called to account for his crimes against Sa Desia. A new order will be born and all of Charos will be free.”
“You sound as one converted. A true believer. But can you really see Charos changing in the near future? Can you really envisage the downfall of Strahger, the end of Sa Jatah and Sa Tahgus? Things have been as they are for over a hundred years. Strahger’s father, Kragar, established the current order, his son perpetuates it and when he has his son and passes away many years from now, his son will rise to oppress the many for the next century. As for me,  I am just trying to make my way in the world, to do the best I can for Charos through my work at the Space Research Centre. One day, I hope soon, we will make discoveries and advances that in their own way aid the cause of Sa Desia. I don’t see that I should be called on to do more than that.”
Keda smiled and picked up his glass, took a sip of his wine. “Do you remember,” he said. “When we joined with a group of other young people and sailed to the Agali Isles for a holiday? At the end of our second year at Sa Intrius Ket? Some time before I was banished?”
“Why, yes. I remember it quite well now that you bring it up. What has that to do with a discussion of the political fortunes of Charos?”
“Do you recall how during the day we sat and read the dissident writers, Cramos Karak, Silah Diosa, others. And at night we sat on the beach of the harbour we had moored in, and by the light of Jotah, Kata and a driftwood fire we sat and talked until the early hours of the morning, our shadows long and flickering on the sand? Do you recall what we talked about, just the two of us?”
“I don’t remember specifically.”
“I do. We talked of a world where people had individual liberty. Where we could have a say in how we were governed. Where the riches of the world were shared and there was equality for all. We talked of freedom and truth.”
“We leaned towards noble causes, I grant you ... but as you said to me when they banished you back to Chiata, the voice of youth does not echo in the chambers of Sa Intrium Mantah. We were young and naive, and now we are mature and must reckon with the real political nature of Charos. I don’t see how Sa Domari can hope to change such an ingrained system, and I don’t see that any contribution I make could help them.”
“That was not all we talked about. Not only were we were reading forbidden tracts, books and articles circulated among the young and the defiant. We talked also that night of how Charos used to be. We talked of Altorum, before the nuclear holocaust, before its great cities were destroyed by Kragar Strahger and his allies in the Kreth Ah Domah. We talked of how there was freedom before the Storm of God was unleashed and millions died.”
“I am aware the current order was forged in blood Keda. You do not have to remind me of the price paid by those who fought to be free.”
“Then don’t you see it, Laria? That in Altorum, before the great conflict, there was peace and plenty. They elected their leaders and everyone had a say in how the country and the world was governed. One person, one vote. You could go where you pleased, work where you wanted. You did not have to guard your tongue in case a Sa Tahgus informant had his ear to your words. Creto Strahger continues the oppression instigated by his father. But Charos needs to be free to prosper, people need to be free to simply breathe without fear.”
“You paint a picture of a better world, but was it really so straightforward in the past? Did they not have their conflicts, their discriminations and their injustices? The lot of women, for example, was not something to be celebrated. At least today the Great Charter calls for equality between the sexes. I believe I have made some progress, that I am a pioneer in my own way. What more do you ask of me?”
“I ask for your help in defeating an unjust and corrupt world order. A new Charos is waiting to be born. It just needs the goodwill of dedicated men and women like yourself to bring it into reality. At least let me tell my friends that you will hear them out. That you will consider what it is they have in mind.”
Laria sat back in her chair and folded her arms. “I don’t think so Keda. My loyalty is to Science and all that it can reveal. My dedication is to the seeking of knowledge, to the exploration of the ‘Great Out There’. I will not compromise my work at the Space Research Centre for a cause that has little chance of success, and for an organisation that I know little about first hand. My answer must be ‘no’.” 
“Are you really so sure? Does your career so easily insulate you from the realities of Charos? From the struggles of the poor and oppressed? Are you not curious to know more of what we are suggesting and what is at stake?”
Laria stood up and pushed her chair under the table. She picked up her satchel from where it lay on the floor and slung it over her shoulder. “I am not curious to know more,” she said. “But you have shown that you still know me fairly well. What you have suggested today could earn you a place in prison, or perhaps even the executioner’s cage on the Great Festival Day. However, your gamble that I will not turn you in is well founded. I will not report you, now or in the future. But you can tell Sa Domari that I wish to remain uninvolved. I think it’s best if I take my leave now. I will call a robot car to take me home and you can return to your wife and family. I hope you do not find trouble ahead for their sakes. It would be best if you did not contact me again. Ar nosa Keda.” So saying, she turned and walked out of the eating house onto the busy street. She used her portable viewer and communicator to call a robot car and was relieved when one arrived within a few minutes. Relieved to be away from Keda and the prospect of danger, relieved to be travelling away from the problems of long suffering Charos. 

___  ___  ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Five

Creto Strahger looked into the hazy sky and watched as a Grindak , a hunting bird, usually found in the lower reaches of the Kregias mountains, far north of Strahgervand, soared with its wings spread over the vast crowd of sixty thousand people who were gathered in the stadium below for the celebrations of the Great Festival Day. Strahger tapped his assistant, Nilus, on the shoulder and pointed to the bird.
“He senses their will be fresh blood today,” he said with a grim smile.
“He is a long way from home, ah-ka,” Nilus said. “Civilization encroaches on his habitat, unfortunately, and he has travelled far to find prey. But he will not be disappointed. And neither will the crowd I hope.”
Strahger nodded. “It is indeed a good day for hunting. And the weather has played fair with us.” Beside him sat his wife, Pralah, dressed in a ceremonial silver silda suit, inlaid with designs worked in gold and turquoise. She wore a large gold amulet round her neck and amna stone rings on both hands. Strahger was dressed in a black silda suit, with bright red epaulets on the shoulders, Nilus beside him in a simple grey silda suit with black stripes down the length of the arms. A camera crew was also in the viewing box they sat in, filming them as they watched proceedings. Outside the viewing box,  Strahger’s personal guard were stationed.  Strahger looked around the stadium. The crowd, mostly composed of loyal Sa Jatah members, were dressed in their finest clothes, there were many splashes of red, green and blue. Many carried and waved small black and red flags with the silver symbol of Sa Intrium Mantah embossed on them, the star crossed with a bolt of lightning. In viewing boxes adjoining Strahger’s sat high officials from Sa Jatah and many members of the Great Families. On the field below, marching in intricate formations to martial music, played by a live orchestra, were full uniformed representatives of Charos’s military forces. The air was filled with the scent of epah meat and spices from all around the world.
At each end of the stadium, were giant screens so the crowd could see the events close up. There were dozens of television cameras, all controlled from a central media centre two floors below, staffed by Sa Intrium Dra, broadcasting the events to viewers all around the world, where the citizens of Charos gathered, a day off work for most of them, as they watched the spectacle. There was no direct edict to watch the ceremonies, but it was considered socially appropriate to do so, and it would be a topic of conversation in work collectives around the world for the next day or two. Most people watched at least part of the festivities.
Strahger was glad the day had dawned fine, and the usual smog and pollution were ameliorated by a steady, though not unpleasant breeze. He was not a great fan of public ceremonies and sometimes preferred to ‘rule from behind the throne’ as the great philosopher, Maro, had put it some two thousand years ago. But he knew the value of appearing every now and then in front of Sa Desia - The People, so that they might feel a connection to those who ruled over them, a connection to he, the ah-ka - the One Ruler. That he was real and a genuine part of their lives, that he was above them, yes, but that he was also a mortal like them, felt what they felt, cared about their schemes and plans and acted in their best interests. The Great Festival Day, when the Grand Final of the worldwide game of Kratah was about to be played, where the enemies of Charos would meet their fate, their punishment, this Strahger felt, united Sa Desia as nothing else could. They could feel a part of the machinery of governance, that they were involved, valued. That their opinions counted. That they were ‘one’.
But now the marching troops were leaving the field to a stirring last tune from the orchestra and a ripple of anticipation went round the stadium. It was time for the game of Kratah, one of the most enjoyable parts of Festival Day. Kratah, meaning ‘courage’ in ancient Tolmaran,  had originated in Tolmara some three and a half centuries ago and was now played all around the world. National teams from the various countries of Charos competed against each other in a round robin tournament and the most successful two teams, faced each other at the Strahgervand stadium each Great Festival Day.
A voice from the Dra studio, speaking on the Public Address system to the stadium crowd and simultaneously to all those watching round Charos, announced the two teams, one from Altorum, and  one from Elera, would now take the field. The crowd cheered its approval, and from the dressing rooms of the stadium there now ran onto the field the two contestants, the Altorum team dressed in yellow uniforms, the Elera team in blue, both with their silver helmets, glinting in the sun. The two teams, each made up of thirty men, one in each team carrying a  large flag on a flagpole, lined up at opposite ends of the field. The object of each team was to get their flag over the opposition’s goal line as many times as possible before one tiah was over. The players on each side were armed with poles, padded at each end, and they used these poles to strike one another as they attempted to reach the other’s goal line. Each placing of the flag in the opponent’s territory earned five points. The aim of the game was also to seize the flag of the opponent and place it over the opponent’s own goal line. This earned ten points. There was a referee of sorts, who would blow a ceremonial horn after each successful placing of the flag over the opponent’s goal line and the two sides would then withdraw to their respective ends of the field to begin the next phase of the contest. A timer counting down the minutes of the game and an electronic score were displayed in the right hand corners of each of the giant screens.
“Now the final battle for the Kratah championship is about to begin!” The voice from the PA system boomed across the stadium and into the homes and eating and drinking houses all across Charos. “Will it be the sons of Altorum who will fight and succeed, to stand victorious here this afternoon? Or will it be the sons of Elera, who at the start of the competition ten months ago, stood little chance according to the experts? Though ill-favoured, they now stand ready to fight for their honour against the favourites of Altorum. But now the time has come, let our glorious leader, the Second Sun, the ah-ka, Sa Gyla Ah Kata, give the signal for battle to begin!”
At the words, Sa Gyla Ah Kata - The Light of Kata - Strahger’s image appeared on the big screens at either end of the field. He stood up and was handed a red and black flag with the silver symbol of Sa Intrium Mantah embossed on it, slightly larger than the ones the crowd waved. Strahger stood and raised the flag in the air with his right hand. He looked round  the stadium imperiously, then brought the flag down suddenly. On the pitch, the referee’s ceremonial horn blew and the two Kratah teams let out a ferocious roar. The game was afoot.
The two teams rushed into the centre of the field, each of their two flags surrounded by a circle of ten players. The remaining players began striking each other with their padded poles and all seemed confusion in the centre of the field as both sides sought to gain early points. But neither side could break through the defensive line of the other and the melee went on in centre field for some ten minutes. The crowd, many of whom had been transported from Altorum and from Elera to cheer on their favourites and add to the atmosphere and spectacle of the Grand Final, roared their approval as first the Altorum team seemed about to break the impasse and  then the Elerans seemed about to forge a way through.  
Finally, the Altorums knocked down five of the Eleran players at once and a hole opened in their defence. The flag carrier of the Altorum team, still surrounded and defended by his ten compatriots, rushed for the Eleran line. The Eleran side rallied themselves and the fighters abandoned the mid-field struggle and  ran back towards their goal-line, the Altorum players striking at them from behind as they ran. But it was all to no avail, the Altorum flag was carried across the Eleran line and planted into the ground. The crowd leapt to their feet, cheering and waving their flags in excitement. The first points had been scored. 
The two teams withdrew to their respective ends of the pitch, and readied themselves. When all was settled, the referee blew his ceremonial horn again and the two teams roared once more. The Elerans tried a new tactic. The full thirty of them, formed a triangular ‘flying wedge’ and charged full speed at the Altorum line, their flag carrier in the centre of the wedge. The Altorums were thrown off balance and it took them a few moments to rally to the defence, but not before ten of their players had been knocked down. The Elerans ploughed through the Altorum defence and crossed the line and planted their flag before the Altorums could respond. The Eleran contingent in the crowd cheered with great enthusiasm, drowning out the jeers of the Altorum supporters, who suddenly realised that the favourites were going to have a fight on their hands.
The game went on in this fashion for some eighty minutes, with first the Altorum side scoring, then the Eleran side scoring immediately afterwards. The score stood at fifty points for Altorum and fifty five for Elera. It seemed the game was going to be too close to call and the crowd continued to shout and cheer their respective sides, delighted that they were witness to such a close fought spectacle. Then the tide turned in favour of Altorum. Whether the Elerans were tired, or it was just a moment of misjudgement, no-one watching the game then or later could rightly say, but there was a surge from the Altorum team and  they broke through the Eleran line and struck at the ten players guarding the Eleran flag carrier. Five of them fell and the five remaining could not hold the onslaught. The Altorum players reached the Eleran flag and seized it from the carrier. In a sudden unstoppable rush they carried the flag down the field and though there was a last ditch attempt to stop them, they carried it across the Eleran goal line and planted it there. The crowd shouted in triumphant approval. The score now stood at sixty points for Altorum and fifty five for Elera. 
 That moment it seemed, was the beginning of the end, and now the Elerans were on the back foot, though they fought with bravery. But they could not gain the upper hand and break through the Altorum defences to score. It seemed all was lost for the Elerans and the game all but decided. But as the timer began to tick off the final ten minutes there came an extraordinary move from the Eleran team. They were hard pressed a few metres from their own goal line, when one of their players, possessed of some sort of animal preternatural strength, suddenly leapt towards the Altorums with a mighty battle cry. He single handed knocked down two of the guardians of the Altorum flag carrier and then without pause he knocked down the carrier, dropped his own padded pole, seized the Altorum flag and began to run the full length of the field towards the Altorum goal line. The entire crowd leapt to their feet once more and let out a mighty cheer. Even the Altorum supporters were impressed by this last minute charge, and everyone there knew that if he could place the opponent’s flag over their own goal line, it would mean ten points, making the Elerans the winners. 
The player ran for all he was worth, the yellow and silver flag flapping energetically as he proceeded. The crowd cheered anew at such bravery, but the Altorums gave chase and were hot on his heels as he neared the far end of the field. Just when it looked like he might make it, two Altorum players caught up with him and struck him from behind. He did not go down at first and staggered on, but now there were five Altorum players upon him, all striking him. He stumbled, the flag fell and so did he, lying face down, unmoving, just a few metres from the Altorum goal line. The crowd was still cheering, but their excitement died down and lapsed into a murmur as it seemed there was  some kind of problem on the field. The player who had made the last desperate charge did not get up, lay there unmoving. The referee called out to the medics on the sidelines and they came running with a stretcher. They gently turned the player over and examined him as players from both teams began to gather round.
The cameras stayed on the scene as the timer ran out, all seemed confusion, and though the Altorums had won, there was no sense of elation and victory among the crowd. Officials ran on and off the field, more medics came, but at last the teams made space and the stricken player was carried off. But there was no celebration, no great victory chant from the Altorums as was usual. And at last it became clear why. The Announcer came on the Public Address system, his voice subdued.
“Citizens of Charos, wherever you may be, I bring sad tidings. The brave Eleran player who made the last daring charge, has unfortunately  ... gone ar-bardur. He has ‘passed  through the gate’ and given his life for his sport and for his country. He has passed in glory and lost his life in battle, striving for his team-mates and for his compatriots in his homeland. It has been more than thirty years since anyone lost their life playing Kratah, but he did not die in vain, the memory of his deed on this day will live on in Charos myth and history. Let us not despair, let us instead celebrate his sacrifice. Let us stand and sing the traditional Tolmaran battle hymn, The Hero Returns Home.”
The orchestra, which had been summoned back to the field and hastily reassembled, began to play the ancient lament and the crowd stood and sang with gusto.

“The silta grain is harvested and brought from the field
The Agali wine stands upon the table ready to be drunk
The fire in the hearth keeps out the rough hands of Morlah season’s chill

But listen - hear the horn of Thoras the hunter?
Danger is drawing near
And the grain must wait, and the wine must wait
And the fire warm only those who remain behind

Pick up your sword, pick up your shield
And gird yourself in armour
The foe is at the door and would take the wine and grain
And lift his bloodied hands to the warming fire

So ride now, to protect hearth and family
Ride to battle with courage in your heart
And fall not, let ar-bardur not be your fate
Return to the land, return to those who love you
Let the Hero return home.”

The cameras round the stadium showed various people from the crowd as the song was sung, but spent quite a lot of time on Strahger, who stood with his right fist clenched against his chest and though he was not a music lover, sang with exuberance, as did Nilus and Pralah standing beside him, their fists also clenched to their chests. When the song ended, a cheer went up from the crowd, although it was somewhat muted. The whole stadium sat down again and a great murmuring rose up from the crowd as they discussed the noble tragedy they had witnessed and relived moments from the game. But in a few moments the field was cleared of the Kratah players and the the Public Address system hummed back into life.
“Citizens of Charos,” the announcer’s voice rang out. “We have witnessed great courage and sporting prowess here today, and though we are touched by tragedy, we have been well rewarded by the spectacle brought by those who fought and played so bravely. But we are not here just for spectacle and pleasure, we are also here for duty and honour. We are now almost ready to move into the serious purpose of the Great Festival Day. And that purpose is nothing less than justice itself.
“For does not the Great Charter say; ‘Justice shall never be denied, and shall be meted out with an even hand to the lowly and the mighty alike?’ Yes, justice ... for it is a sad truth we are all well aware of, that there dwell amongst us those that do not consider the well being of their fellow citizens, those that do not conform to common sense and decency. There are those amongst us who are criminals in the eyes of the law, and indeed there are those who would threaten Charos itself, those who are traitors to Sa Jatah and who would seek to place themselves as rulers, dethroning the wise and the just who oversee our lives. There are even those who would seek to usurp the great ah-ka himself, our glorious leader, Creto Strahger, who stands amongst us today. 
“But shall we stand idle whilst traitors dwell amongst us?” The announcer paused and a great cheer and cries of “never!” and “no!” echoed round the stadium.
“No! my brothers and sisters. Never! say you and I. And so today we will make an example of some of those criminals and traitors. We shall all bear witness to their punishments, we shall all see that justice is done. The time is at hand, bring out the enemies of  Charos!”
At that moment a great thundering of drums was heard through the P.A. system and there came marching from the changing sheds a number of young men and women, at least a hundred, all dressed in scarlet and black tunics, strapped round their necks, drums, which they played with sticks. The crowd cheered again as they marched out and formed two lines across the field. Then as the drums continued to play, those to be judged, guarded by armed Sa Tahgus officers in their grey and black uniforms, began to emerge onto the field.
 Those to be punished were a motley lot, dressed in threadbare robes and stained silda suits. They looked with vague expressions around the stadium as they were led into the centre of the field and they stood hunched, defeated and uncertain. The crowd began a low, murmuring jeer as those damned by the regime stood apprehensive, awaiting their fate without resistance. The Sa Tahgus officials lined them up and herded them into three groups, the drums sounding all the while. At last the drums fell silent and all appeared to be ready. With a burst of static the P.A. crackled back into life.
“Behold the enemies of Charos! These are the men and women who would not bow down before the law. These are the enemies of the Great Charter, the enemies of all society, of Sa Jatah, the enemies of our Great Leader, the ah-ka himself. Do not waste your sympathy on them, do not seek to justify their crimes, do not pity them their fates for they have drawn the wrath of destiny upon themselves. Their own selfishness, greed and cowardice has brought them to this pass, and now before their fellow citizens gathered in this stadium, before all the peoples of the world, gathered round their viewers, they face the consequences of their corruption and misdeeds. Let the first group kneel and receive their punishment!”
At that, the Sa Tahgus officers pushed the first group of prisoners into the centre of the field and commanded them to kneel. They raggedly knelt and the cameras around the field captured the spectacle, showing frightened, gaunt and dirty faces of the prisoners in huge close-up on the big screens, beaming their anxious visages to all of Charos. The announcer came back on the P.A.
“This group, numbering forty six men and women, the first to be judged, are nothing more than common criminals. They have stolen property and krela cards and encoders. They have used violence against innocent people going about their daily business, violence against their own families, violence used to gain krela and advantage. They have been convicted by Sa Jatah justice committees who have pronounced them decadent and of inferior mind and body. They are not the worst amongst those to be sentenced today, but their crimes speak of disrespect for Sa Jatah and a contempt for the law and for the Great Charter itself. How say you people of Charos? Shall we condemn them to their fate?” A great cheer went up from the crowd, and they waved their red, black and silver flags with enthusiasm. “Very well,” the announcer continued when the cheering dissipated.  “Now I humbly call on our dear leader to pass sentence upon them.” 
Down on one side of the field stood a line of men and women in traditional Tolmaran robes, coloured a bright crimson with black stripes down the arms. They each wore gold helmets and held a ceremonial horn. At the call for sentence to be passed, they raised the horns to their lips and blew a resounding fanfare that echoed round the stadium and up into the greyish blue sky. Strahger, in the viewing box, stood up and spoke into a microphone that had been placed in front of him earlier.
“Ten years in the Thernian mines,” he said, his gruff voice rumbling through the P.A. The crowd cheered and at the passing of the sentence, the ceremonial horns were raised and another fanfare rang out. The announcer spoke again.
“There we have it,” he said with enthusiasm. “Take them away and bring on the next group.”
The first group were hauled to their feet and roughly marched out of the stadium while the scarlet and black clothed drummers beat out another tattoo. At the same time, the second group, consisting of thirty three bedraggled prisoners was marched to the centre of the field and they too knelt to await their punishment.
“Now we have more serious criminals,” the announcer said. “They are no less deserving of punishment than the first group. And what are their crimes? What folly has brought them to stand in this field in disgrace, having fallen afoul of the righteous and law-abiding peoples of our glorious society? Shall we pity them? Shall we heed any cry they make for mercy? No I tell you! No and no again! For these people do not respect the wisdom of Sa Jatah and deliberately disobey its edicts. They dismiss the Great Charter as a work of folly and do not acknowledge it as a living, breathing document, guiding us all through our daily lives.
“Almost all of them have been found in possession of forbidden documents and books. Tracts that preach treason and insurrection. That work upon their weak minds and try to sway them to dissident causes. They have spoken against the Great Charter and openly mocked it to their fellow citizens. They have shown contempt for the wisdom of Sa Jatah and poured scorn on honest citizens of high rank. They are subversives and unreformed dissidents, steeped in ignorance and vanity. They are irredeemable. How say you people of Charos ... shall we show them who the mighty and the just really are?” A great cheer went up from the crowd and they waved their flags with ever more fervour. “Very well,” said the announcer. “I call once again on our glorious leader to show what our community thinks of those who will not conform to our great guiding principles. Let sentence be passed!”
Another fanfare from the horns below rang out and Strahger looked round the stadium for a moment, then leant into the microphone.
“Life imprisonment for all,” he said. The crowd cheered and the ceremonial horns sounded once again from below, echoing out to the blue skied day, and the troublemakers were hauled to their feet and marched out of the stadium to the rattling of the drums. The P.A. crackled into life again.
“Now we come to the last group to face justice here today,” the announcer said. “And they are the worst of the worst. Spare them no sympathy or compassion, for they in their deviant deeds have shown no mercy or hint of kindness. Many of them are murderers, murders committed not just for krela, but for political advantage, indeed they are assassins and political upstarts.  They have sought  to advance their own cause by corrupting members of Sa Jatah and they have shown open disdain for the Great Charter and its admirable principles. Many of them have also attempted bribery and committed fraud, using their high positions to embezzle and steal, enriching themselves, while all the while they maintained a facade of being upstanding members of the community and dedicated members of Sa Jatah.
“Also amongst them are those that have aligned themselves with those that preach rebellion. They seek to support them to advance their own interests, to aggrandize themselves and clothe themselves in the the finery of high office and status. In short, they bear the greatest shame a citizen of Charos can embrace. There is only one word for them ... traitors! Yes ... traitors to the the Great Charter, traitors to Sa Jatah and traitors to the wisdom and benevolence of our Great Leader. Traitors to the ah-ka himself. But let us waste no more words upon them. Let us turn to our dear leader for his judgement upon their misdeeds. Let sentence be passed!” 
Strahger looked for a moment around the stadium, as if searching for words or guidance. But then he leant in close to the microphone: “The sentence ... is death.” 
The word ‘death’ echoed round the stadium and the crowd leapt to its feet, frantically waving their flags, cheering all the while. From out of the passageway at the side of the stadium emerged a strange contraption, an ungainly looking grey machine. It was wheeled by Sa Tahgus officers to the centre of the field while the crimson-robed heralds blew a continuous fanfare on their ceremonial horns and the drummers drummed. The machine was then picked up by the cameras in close-up and it could be seen on the big screens and around the world. It was a laser, mounted on a platform. In front of this platform, was a metal frame with straps attached. A Sa Tahgus officer took up position at the back of the laser where its controls were housed. 
“And now let justice be done!” The announcer said over the P.A. “Bring forward the first prisoner!” 
At that, the Sa Tahgus officers seized by the arms the nearest prisoner, a middle-aged man in a tatty brown robe with a look of fear on his face, and marched him to the machine. Then, as if they had done it a thousand times, they rapidly strapped him into the frame and harness. The two officers stood either side of the prisoner whose frightened face was captured by the cameras.
“Let sentence be carried out!” the announcer boomed out over the P.A. 
The crimson-robed heralds raised their horns and blew loudly. The Sa Tahgus officer at the controls, aimed and fired the laser, a thin red beam of light spitting out and into the forehead of the prisoner, his face in close up on the big screens and beaming round the world. He slumped in the harness instantly, quite dead. The crowd leapt to its feet again and let out a mighty cheer. Then the harness was undone and two more Sa Tahgus officers tumbled the dead man onto a stretcher and carried him out of the stadium.
“Bring forward the next prisoner!” the announcer said, and the first two Sa Tahgus officers went to the now demoralised group and dragged out the next victim, a young woman in a once white, now mottled, silda suit, with tears staining her face. The horns blew, the straps were tightened, the laser was fired and another “enemy of Charos” slumped into oblivion. The crowd cheered and waved their flags as she died and their enthusiasm did not wane as the ritual was carried out again and again, as prisoner after prisoner met their death and was carried off the field. All was proceeding as planned, and some fifteen prisoners had been put to death, when there was an unexpected disturbance to the well orchestrated proceedings.
As the sixteenth prisoner was being led to their execution, the giant screens suddenly went blank for a moment, and then an astonishing image appeared. It was a document, reading: “We the undersigned, believe the death penalty to be immoral and against the tenets and spirit of the Great Charter. It is a merciless and unjust punishment and should be discontinued immediately. We call on all of Charos to protest this brutal form of judgement and join with us today in calling for its banning.” Then a list of names began to scroll up, just the first name and occupation of the signatory.
 A great jeering rose up into the air and many in the crowd raised and shook their angry fists at the big screens. The Sa Tahgus officers on the field looked bewildered and stood uncertain whether to continue. Those on the field, destined to die, looked round in puzzlement, wondering if this was not some new scheme to torment them further. In Strahger’s viewing box, Nilus leaned in close to Strahger and spoke into his ear above the noise of the agitated crowd.
“I will go and see how this transgression has been allowed to happen, ah-ka,” he said and began to stand when Strahger laid a restraining hand on his forearm.
“There is no need to trouble yourself, Nilus,” Strahger said. “We would do better  to remain here, unmoved, unconcerned. We shall all stay seated and retain an air of calm and collected solidity. If the crowd sees we are rattled  it will be transmitted around the world. We must seem unruffled, unimpressed. Stay seated and maintain a cool demeanour. The Sa Tahgus officers and officials in the media centre will soon bring this under control.”
Nilus sat down and Pralah smiled at him, she too seemed calm despite the outrage of the names continuing to scroll past. The crowd kept up its jeering and angry demeanour for what seemed several minutes. Finally, the big screens flickered again and the petition was replaced with an image of Strahger, sitting unperturbed and surveying the field as if nothing was amiss. The announcer’s voice broke through the hubbub.
“You see for yourselves citizens of Charos, that our glorious leader remains steady as a rock, despite this treacherous deed. Now you see why we have judgement rendered on the Great Festival Day. To the enemies of Charos, nothing is sacred. They wilfully and illegally force their will upon us. But are we going to let a misguided band of miscreants prevent justice being done today?” The crowd muttered and grumbled. “Are we going to let these troublemakers spoil our day?” 
“No!” came the shout from the crowd.
“Very well,” said the announcer. “Let the judgements resume! Let the next sentence be carried out!”
The crowd cheered again and on the big screens the cameras switched to showing the scene on the field below. The Sa Tahgus officers began hauling the next prisoner to the execution chair and the crimson clad heralds blew once more on their ceremonial horns. The drummers began to drum and the laser fired once more, despatching another dissident to their death. The crowd cheered anew and as prisoner after prisoner was executed, it was as if the list of names and the condemnation of the death penalty had never happened.
At length,  as the sun hung low on the horizon, great Kata adding its extra light above it and now blood red Tokata also in the sky, the last prisoner was strapped to the gurney and the laser fired. The heralds blew one last fanfare and after the final body was carried away, the drummers began to march from the field, beating out a steady tattoo. The laser and its deadly cage of straps and harness was trundled out of sight and the announcer came on the P.A. once more.
“There we have it citizens of Charos! The days events are at an end. We have witnessed greatness on the field below as the Kratah players fought for their honour and strived for victory. And let us not forget, as we return to our daily lives, light the lamps in our windows and set the fire in the hearth, the player who lost his life here today to the glory of all Charos. His name and house will live forever.
“And  let us remember also that we have seen justice meted out today. That those who seek to undermine our glorious society are never far from the gate. That we must be ever vigilant. Let us be glad in our hearts that those who seek to dethrone our noble leaders have paid the price here today. That they have earned a just reward for their crimes and  misdeeds. So go now citizens. Back to your daily lives. Let your hearts be pure and let us all live in the spirit of the Great Charter and serve Sa Jatah to the utmost of our abilities. Ar nosa my friends!” 
At that, a stirring tune of martial music began to play through the P.A. and the crowd began to stand and slowly but surely, make their way out of the stadium. The camera crew in Strahger’s viewing box, packed up their equipment and made ready to leave. Strahger and his entourage remained seated, waiting for them to go. At that moment, a Sa Tahgus officer from Strahger’s personal bodyguard came into the box and bent close to Strahger, who listened intently as he spoke into his ear. The guard, having delivered his message withdrew and Strahger leant towards Nilus. 
“The news is good,” Strahger said. “They are ready  for us in the conference room below. I am tired of sitting anyway, and I am ready for glad tidings. Let us go.”

A few minutes later, Strahger, Nilus and Pralah, without the bodyguards, stood just inside the door of a large conference room, located on the floor below the viewing box. In the room was a large table made of green Targah stone, around it some twenty chairs. Sunk into the centre of the table was a large viewer.  Around the walls were three dimensional photos of various Kratah games and other sporting events that had been played in the stadium. A large window looked out to the field below. The three of them waited in silence for some minutes and Strahger was on the point of impatience when at last the conference door opened, and in came a group of four men and two women, all dressed in similar pearl grey silda suits, led by Tarka Morvo, the head of  the Strahgervand Space Research Centre. Tarka walked up to Strahger and gave a bow.
“Greetings ah-ka,” he said. “May I say how good it is to see you again and be in your presence.”
“Indeed it is good to see you also, Tarka,” Strahger said. “I hear you have quite a show for us to cap off this auspicious day.”
“Not just a show, but the making of history,” Tarka said. “As previously discussed, we invite you to witness the launching of the first faster than light journey of a Charos spacecraft. A spacecraft powered by the once dreamt of, now reality, Lieth Ah Domah drive. Well named, for it is as if the very ‘Breath of God’ is guiding our craft on its historic journey. 
“I invite you all to sit and see for yourselves what our scientists, engineers and many others involved have achieved. Please, take your seats.” The small crowd in the conference room each took a seat at the large table, Pralah and Nilus on either side of Strahger. When they were seated, Tarka used a remote to activate the viewer in the centre of the table and a holographic image of a long, cylindrical, dark grey spacecraft appeared.
“What you are looking at is being projected from the space station atop the Space Elevator on Creethum.  The station has an artificial gravity generated by a series of large spinning superconductors which create a gravito-magnetic field. The amount of force on the station is equal to about eighty five per cent of Charos’s gravity. In the centre of the picture is the Lieth Ah Domah craft itself, the culmination of many years of research, experimentation and dedicated engineering. We have named the craft, the Magla Drados, after our esteemed engineer who’s work led to its eventual construction.
“For those of you not familiar with theory about faster than light travel, I will give a brief explanation of the craft in what I hope are layman’s terms. Physics theory tells us that faster than light travel is not possible. The equations show that the mass of a craft approaching the speed of light increases by a large amount. If the craft reached the speed of light, its mass would become infinite and so it would need infinite energy to continue, something that is physically impossible. 
“However, based on recent equations, it was theorised that a spacecraft could travel  faster than light by warping space, contracting the space in front of it and expanding the space behind. As the empty space behind the craft expands rapidly, it is propelled forward. This means that the spacecraft itself does not violate the laws of physics, it just rides the contraction and expansion of space to its destination. What you are looking at is the practical result of these theories. 
“The energy for its propulsion is drawn from the fabric of space-time and it has a photon particle force field surrounding it that eliminates friction and protects from radiation and debris. It is fitted with high definition optical cameras, X-Ray cameras, radar and state of the art communications monitoring equipment and its mission will be to study  military satellites and military facilities at various places on Earth. 
“In another leap forward, we have outfitted it with our latest and most advanced communications equipment. This is based on quantum entanglement devices that will send and receive information in real time. Although there is a distance of over four light years between Charos and Earth, there will be no delay in receiving transmissions. The craft uses Artificial Intelligence networks for navigation and to avoid obstacles in space such as meteors and asteroids. The on-board computers consist of four quantum computers and six classical computers.”
Tarka paused for a moment and looked round those gathered in the room. “I hope,” he said, “The technicalities do not confuse you. Suffice to say, the craft you are looking at, although it may be humble in design and presentation, is a great triumph of scientific thought and engineering. Put quite simply, it is probably, so far, the most advanced and amazing machine ever constructed upon Charos. It puts the stars within our reach. Not just probes going to our outer planets, no eight year waits for information from Earth, our nearest neighbour. But in a matter of just fifteen days, the Magla Drados will reach Earth and its information will come back to us the moment it is transmitted. This my friends, is a scientific and technical marvel that will cement all our places in the history of Charos.” 
Tarka paused once again and looked round at all in the room. “I would now like, with your permission, ah-ka, to bring into our small but historic conference, our chief engineer at the Strahgervand Space Research Centre,  Esan Varga , who has led the engineering team that made the Lieth Ah Domah craft a reality. He has travelled to Creethum for the launch and  stands in the control room of the space station, awaiting your word to send the craft on its first faster-than-light journey.”
“You may proceed,” Strahger said. “Let us see this wondrous bird fly.”
“Computer,” Tarka said. “Open second connection to Esan Varga.” At that moment, the hologram image divided into two and a man in his sixties, close cropped hair, rugged features and dressed in a white silda suit appeared alongside the image of the Magla Drados. He was standing in a white and silver control room that glittered with chrome and blinking lights, with many people stationed at hologram consoles and control panels, all wearing audio headsets and staring intently at the displays before them. In the centre of the control room was a large holo-viewer, in which the spacecraft filled the view.
“Greetings, ah-ka,” Esan said, and he clasped his hands  together and made the ritual bow. “I hope we shall show you today the culmination of many years of work, study and experimentation. The craft is prepared and ready to depart, it needs only your word and a  command from us here on the space station to send it on its historic journey.”
“Very well,” said Strahger. “You may launch when ready.”
“Thank you ah-ka,” Esan said. He turned and addressed the other staff on the space station, speaking into his headset microphone. “The time is at hand,” he said in a loud voice. “Let us now make history together. Starting with the propulsion team, will you each indicate if you are ready to launch. Propulsion?”
“Ready to launch,” came the reply.
“Communications?” 
“Ready to launch.”
“Computer networks?”
“Ready to launch.” 
“Navigation?”
“Ready to launch.”
Esan worked his way round the control room until all the various teams had given their status, all of them indicating they were ready.
“Very well,” said Esan. “All teams report ready. Disconnect the anchor.” At that, a mechanical arm that was attached to the rear end of the craft, let go and the craft hung suspended in space, a few metres off the surface of the space station. “Activate the liquid oxygen-propylene drive. Apply ten seconds thrust.” The craft began to move away from the space station, putting in a few minutes, about fifty delkah or so distance between them.
“Initialise the Lieth Ah Domah drive.”
“Initialising.”
“Stand by,” Esan said. “Now ... engage the drive ... Launch! Launch! Launch!”
The cameras filming the craft zoomed in on it and it filled the screen. At the moment the drive was engaged the craft seemed to shiver and shudder. Then the spaceship appeared to elongate, stretching forward. There was a flash of white light, at the same moment the craft shot forward and completely disappeared, leaving a halo of rainbow light behind it where it had been, a multicoloured cloud that swirled for a few moments then dissipated , leaving only empty black space. There was a silence in  the control room for a few moments as each member of the team peered intently at their displays and the figures running across their holo-screens.
“Propulsion ... status?” Esan said. 
“The drive is working at full capacity.”
“Navigation ... status?”
“All instruments show craft is on course.”
“Computers ... status?”
“Computers register craft as travelling twice the speed of light and still accelerating.”
Esan worked his way round the room once again, getting affirmations from each department that the spacecraft was indeed on its way to Earth. Finally, he allowed himself to break into a smile. “It appears the launch is a success. The Magla Drados is travelling faster than any known craft before and its destination is the annals of history. Well done indeed!”
At those words, a hearty cheer rose up from the control room crew, they shook each other’s hands and gave warm smiles of achievement, patting each other on the back, breaking into excited chatter. Esan turned back to the viewer camera.
“There it is, ah-ka,” he said, still smiling. “This is indeed a great day for science, a great day for the Space Programme and a great day for all of Charos. Now we need only to monitor the craft for fifteen days until it reaches Earth. Then, when we have analysed the data coming back to us we will know whether all of our ambitions have been realised.”
Strahger nodded. “Indeed this is history in the making,” he said. “You and your team have excelled yourselves. As you say, this is not only a scientific marvel, but a great leap ahead for every citizen of Charos. I thank you on behalf of all Charos and I look forward to the day the probe reaches Earth, to see indeed, as you say, that we have opened the road to the stars themselves. Well done my friends.”
“Of course that is not all we have to show today,” Tarka said. If you will bear with me for a moment ...” He gave more instructions to the computer and the screen now divided into four sections, in one of the new sections a sleek, grey coloured spacecraft appeared, larger than the Magla Drados, anchored to the space station. In the other new section was an ungainly looking asteroid, long and thin, with lights all along its side as if it had illuminated portholes.
“In these new screens you are looking at the Space Programme’s other great achievements,” Tarka said. “The first, is the second craft powered by the Lieth Ah Domah drive, but designed to carry a crew of three on a month’s long mission. The craft we have named the Maro, in honour of the memory of our great philosopher whom I know you admire, ah-ka. If the Magla Drados is successful, the next step will be to launch this craft to make the journey to Earth and back with a full crew. The other craft you are looking at is an asteroid that has been hollowed out and given an artificial atmosphere. It needs only a larger version of the Lieth Ah Domah drive to make it into a spacecraft, fit to carry thousands of personnel. We have named the asteroid ship, the Kragar Strahger, in honour of your esteemed late father, ah-ka.” Tarka looked at his audience and smiled. “If there are any questions or points of clarification you would like,” he said. “I would be glad to enlighten you on any technical matters.”
Strahger sat back in his seat. “That will not be necessary,” he said. “I look forward to hearing your first reports once the craft reaches Earth. And the successful construction of the other two craft show you have exceeded all expectations. Your names will be remembered down through the ages and your houses honoured. Many thanks for a propitious end to a glorious day for Charos.” Strahger stood up and the others in the room also stood. “For now,  we shall take our leave. Ar nosa.” So saying, he turned and he and his entourage left the room.
___  ___  __
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Six

Strahger, alone in his office in the early evening, looked with little enthusiasm through the files his assistant Nilus had left for him. They were mostly reports from Sa Tahgus about indiscretions and compromising actions by senior members of Sa Jatah and the Great Families. He read bits and pieces, but found nothing that he thought warranted further action. None of the reports would lead to a seat in the executioner’s cage on the Great Festival Day and most of the people involved could be ‘steered to the centre of the path’, as the saying went, with a little attention and persuasion from Sa Tahgus. He put the files aside and swung his swivel chair around so he was facing the windows of almost the highest floor in the Sa Intrium Mantah tower. The sun had just set and great Kata was rising above the horizon, casting cool shadows across the twilight world. Blood red Tokata was yet to appear. Lights were already burning in all the windows of the soaring skyscrapers of the great city of Strahgervand. 
Strahger looked down upon the myriad of electric vehicles below, looking like a march of insects, their headlights like yellow eyes picking out their way, carrying their passengers to their homes and hearths. He wondered if any of them could see the vision of Charos he was creating for them. A world of sense and order, of discipline and achievement. A world ruled by far seeing minds, that saw ahead a greater Charos. A world where there was no dissent or distraction from justice by rabble rousers and troublemakers. A world where he, Strahger, with his wisdom and the legacy of rule by strength bequeathed to him by his father, Kragar, would guide his troubled subjects into an eventual state of almost perfection, where all knew their place, where the strong and the just, ruled with dedication and without self-doubt. The entire planet, a machine that functioned flawlessly, enabling each inhabitant, the lowly and the mighty alike, to achieve their potential and serve and sacrifice for society to the best of their abilities.
He thought of the day when he would have a son, an heir to instruct and inculcate in the ways of the ah-ka - the One Ruler. Oh yes, he was not dissatisfied with his life. Charos was far from perfect and many enemies were loose in the world, but he had Pralah, his lover and companion, who would hopefully soon bring him that son. He had the support of Nilus, who although not of his blood was almost like a son to him. Not only that, but Sa Intrium Mantah was like a brotherhood to him, though there were those he could not take his eyes off if he was to keep his crown. But pleasingly, The Council at times saw what he saw, what Charos could be, and that was his life’s work. To create a better Charos, a more powerful Charos, and if he could achieve his destiny, a Charos that ruled over an entire other world. Yes, if he could make Earth his, what a legacy to leave for his son, what a gift for the people of Charos. He was contemplating once again, what his place in history would be, when the office viewer, on the table behind him began to chime.
He turned and activated the viewer and the hologram image of the security chief of the Sa Intrium Mantah tower appeared.
“Greetings ah-ka,” the security chief said. “The head of Sa Tahgus, Darg Karlin, is here with me. He wishes to meet with you face to face. Shall I send him up?”
 “It is late,” Strahger said. “But I have time for one more meeting. Send him up.”
A few minutes later, the tall, well built figure of Darg Karlin was ushered into the office by one of Strahger’s bodyguards. The bodyguard then turned and left the room, leaving the two men alone. 
“Ar tah,” Darg said, clasping his hands and giving a slight bow. “I am sorry to disturb you so late in the day, ah-ka, but I have, what I think you will agree, is good news.”
 “The day is never too long for glad tidings, as they say,” Strahger said. “What have you to tell me?”
“First let me deal with an unpleasant matter. The criminal hacking of the live broadcast of the Great Festival Day and the treacherous citizens who put their names to the anti-death penalty petition. I am sorry to say, we have not, so far, been able to track the source of the hack although we have some suspicions about who may have organized it. Suffice to say, they will be dealt with harshly when they are found. As to those who signed, some seventy thousand of them  ... since we only have  their first names and occupations, it would be difficult to bring them all to account. I think, once we have found the ring leaders, who organized the petition, and then those that actually carried out the hack, we will do better to make an example of them and thus discourage such deviant behaviour in the future. I’m sorry I could not hand you the names of those responsible as yet. But we shall keep investigating and I’m sure we shall bring the miscreants to justice.”
“I am not overly concerned by the actions of a few malcontents,” Strahger said. “A few thousand weaklings who cannot stomach the sword of justice striking at the heart of the rot in the body of Charos. I am sure you will root them out and they themselves will be entertaining the masses come next year’s Great Festival Day. Although, the takeover of the live feed of proceedings is cause for alarm. But I am sure Sa Tahgus will find those responsible and it will not be allowed to occur again. And as you say, once they are found we will make an example of them. Now .... you said you had good news?”
“Indeed, ah-ka. It may be a matter of significance, or just a small piece in the puzzle of maintaining order and peace on Charos. Do you remember the digital card that was stolen from the low level diplomat? On his way to the diplomatic function? How we speculated that someone at the function was to receive the card? The intriguing aspect being that we had been unable to break the code on the card?”
“Why yes, I do recall ... have you discovered who was to receive the card?”
“Not at this stage. But we took the card to the quantum research facility at The Council of Science and ran it through their experimental new quantum computers, which have a computing capacity currently unmatched anywhere on Charos. And may I say it is of some concern that the enemies of Charos appear to have access to very advanced computing technology. However, using Sa Intrium Drakah’s computers we broke the code on the card.”
“Fascinating ... and what did it contain?”
“Troop movements and military instructions for the Charos defence forces in all twelve countries where there are rebellions afoot. Quite technical, but of great value to an organization such as Sa Domari.”
“I see ... and you think the card was destined for someone in Sa Domari?”
“Undoubtedly. Someone at the function was potentially a senior member of Sa Domari or was themselves to pass the card on to someone senior, perhaps someone with substantial military knowledge.”
“And how many at the function?”
“Around two hundred.”
“Hmm ... that is not an unwieldy number. It should be possible to narrow it down to discover the traitor, to strike a blow against this intangible ghost that goes by the name Sa Domari. What are your thoughts on how we should proceed?”
“As you say, the number is not insurmountable. I would suggest bringing every guest on the invitation list in for questioning and an Interrogation Verifier test. I suggest we put this in train this very evening, holding them all incommunicado for the next couple of days so there is no chance for the alarm to be raised. The interviews and Verifier tests will narrow the field and show up any deviancy, which can then be investigated further.”
“Yes ... that sounds like an effective course of action. This could be a moment of significant opportunity for us. You may have found a crack in the shell that surrounds these upstarts. ‘The Free’ indeed ...
“Then you are happy for us to proceed?”
“Yes. Make it happen. And as you say, without delay. Give them no quarter.”
“Very well, ah-ka. I will report to you personally once the interrogations have been completed. I will take my leave and return to Sa Tahgus headquarters where I already have personnel standing ready for the command to proceed. Ar nosa.” Darg clasped his hands together and gave a slight bow to Strahger, then turned on his heel and walked out of the office.
Strahger, alone once more, thought Darg’s discovery intriguing. As the Sa Tahgus head had speculated, it could be a matter of little import, or it could be the opening of a door to a room of secrets and treachery, one Strahger would not tolerate bringing its trouble and deceit to the ordinary citizens of Charos who looked to him for their security and order in their society. No, if they had chanced upon a troublemaker of significance, they would hook them out and all who conspired with them. Feeling optimistic on the matter, he began to gather the folders Nilus had left him and was about to notify his personal guard that he was ready to leave for home, when the table viewer chimed once more. Strahger, a little surprised, activated the viewer and saw once again the security chief of the Sa Intrium Mantah tower. 
“What is it?” Strahger said, a little annoyed that his departure was being delayed once again.
“I’m sorry to disturb you again ah-ka,” the security chief said. “But I have with me Tarka Morvo, the head of the Space Research Centre. He says he needs to speak with you in person, urgently.”
“Really? I have a meeting scheduled with him for tomorrow at the Centre. Can it not wait?”
There was a pause as the security chief turned his head aside and had an unheard conversation, presumably with Tarka Morvo. He turned back to the viewer camera and spoke once more.
“I’m afraid, ah-ka,” the security head said. “That Tarka insists you will want to hear his news immediately.”
“Really? Very well ... I will once again postpone my leaving. You may send him up.”
A few minutes later the sturdy figure of Tarka Morvo was ushered into the office, wearing a dark grey silda suit and looking worried.
“Ar tah, Tarka,” Strahger said, standing up from his seat. “Are you the bearer of good news, or does your expression convey that something is amiss?”
“Greetings, ah-ka,” Tarka said. He joined his hands together and looked almost furtively to the left and to the right. “I’m afraid I am not the bearer of good news, ah-ka. In fact, it could not be much worse.”
“Really? Then bad news should not wait for the sun to appear, as they say. Spare me nothing, tell me and let your tongue be straight.”
“I’m afraid we just got the news a few hours ago. When we were sure, I made it my duty to come here and inform you at once. It seems ... the Lieth Ah Domah craft, the Magla Drados,  has been lost.”
“Lost? In what sense?”
“It has been fifteen days since you presided over its launch, and all its telemetry tells us it successfully made the journey to Earth at well over the speed of light. An achievement I was to reveal to you at tomorrow’s meeting. Unfortunately, late this afternoon, the telemetry began to tell a sorrowful tale.”
“Go on,” said Strahger folding his arms.
“It is a terrible blow to the Space Programme, a terrible loss for Charos, but the telemetry does not lie. Instead of entering into orbit around the Earth, the craft had a malfunction and plunged into the atmosphere. At its velocity and angle of entry, it would have burned up and disintegrated. I’m sorry to say, the Magla Drados is no more ...”
Strahger sat back down and looked thoughtful for a moment. “Indeed you are  the bearer of ill tidings,” he said. “I am shocked and deeply disappointed. My hopes and the hopes of Charos were on the shoulders of the Space Programme. It is a harsh blow that such a technological marvel could be so easily lost. Is there any notion of how it came to pass? Is it possible there was some sort of sabotage? Is there no chance it survived but is simply out of contact?”
“There is no error, ah-ka. The craft would have burnt to nothing. At the most, it made for a fireball glowing in the skies of Earth in its death plunge. But they would not know of its origin, or what secrets it contained. As to sabotage ... it is too early to tell, although I am bound to say I would vouch for everyone on the Space Programme. I cannot conceive that anyone involved would betray us, although I cannot deny the possibility. I must say how sorry I am once again, but our great achievement is no more.”
“I see ... then where does this disaster leave us? What does it mean for the future of the Space Programme? What now for our study of Earth and our plans to bring it within easy reach? Is all lost?”
“Not at all, ah-ka. In fact, until the fatal malfunction, the telemetry showed that indeed all our hopes had been realised. We have lost the Magla Drados to be sure, but we have achieved a scientific breakthrough. The craft performed as we expected and hoped, it is the first spaceship to travel faster  than the speed of light. Think of it ah-ka ... it travelled four point three light years in only fifteen days! The last pictures from its cameras were of the blue sphere of Earth. All our computer projections on the Lieth Ah Domah drive have been borne out. The technology works. All we need to do now is study the data and see where the malfunction lay - probably a programming error - and apply that knowledge to our future endeavours.”
“ Yes ... I suppose we must smile when fortune smiles upon us, no matter the circumstances. As you say, the faster than light drive worked and we can apply what we have learned to our next project.”
“Indeed, ah-ka. And that project stands ready to proceed should you so desire. The crewed craft, the Maro, fitted with the Lieth Ah Domah drive, is set to fly on schedule. It waits at the space station above Creethum, only needing its crew and the command to venture forth.”
“And you do not foresee the same problem occurring with that craft? It will not suffer the same fate as the Magla Drados?”
“We have already put in train a thorough analysis of every system on board the Maro. We will check every line of programming, every nut and bolt and weld. We will pore over the telemetry and data from the Magla Drados, and search out the reasons for its demise. But we are all confident that the same problem is extremely unlikely to happen again. However, it is early days, although my initial conversations with all of our scientists and technicians show that they are of the opinion we should proceed, that the systems checking we are undertaking will allow no errors to creep through. They are all keen to continue, the crew is willing to fly. It only needs the assent from you ah-ka to continue with the programme as planned. However, if you feel that we should stand back and reassess the project, we will delay the launch of the Maro indefinitely, until we know more of how this unfortunate turn of events came about.”
Strahger nodded his head, considering Tarka’s words. “I will put my faith in science,” he said. “I would suggest no corner un-swept in trying to find what happened to the Magla Drados, but if the science is sound, and the analysis of the Maro shows nothing amiss, the crewed launch should proceed. It will test out the effects of faster than light travel on a crew, and if successful, will be to the greater glory of Charos. It is indeed a blow that the Magla Drados is no more, but as you say, the theory, the engineering, the quest to bring the stars within reach has been successful. So my thoughts are, yes, you should proceed, taking into account all we can learn from the demise of the Magla Drados.”
“I hear the wisdom in your words,” Tarka said. “Your thoughts on the matter are in harmony with those on the Space Programme. We are not afraid and we will learn from our errors. Thank you ah-ka. Your faith in the programme will not prove to have been misplaced.”
 “I’m sure you are right. And thank you Tarka for bringing me this news in person and in such a timely manner. I will consider your words in the coming days and hope for better news in the future. For now, the day has been long and I must get home to where Pralah awaits, no doubt with the thousand diplomatic chores she likes to burden me with when I should be relaxing with a fine glass of Agali wine.”
Tarka smiled. “Indeed, he who sits upon the throne must often sup last, as they say. I will leave you to your duties and return to the Space Research Centre where the ‘candles will burn until dawn’ as we get to grips with this sad loss. I will send you a full report on the last hours of the Magla Drados within the next two days. Once again, I am sorry to have been the bearer of ill tidings. For now, ar nosa.” So saying, Tarka clasped his hands together, made a deep bow, turned and left the office. 
Strahger sat alone for a few minutes, resting his elbows on the office desk and steepling his fingers together. The news from Tarka did indeed cast a shadow on the day, and it was a reminder that for all their technological prowess, the sciences and great industries of Charos could still be fallible. In fact, Strahger was sure that it would be shown that mortal hands were to blame for the failure of the spacecraft. Possibly even sabotage. Yet the quest to make Charos greater than ever before would continue, day after day, year after year. It was a setback, yes, but the march of history was with him and he was as ever, determined that on the day he died, far in the future, Charos would be the envy of all those who dwelt among the stars.
*
Alvo adjusted the thermal regulators on his silda suit as he walked into the gathering night, letting his body cool down, the air being warm and humid. He had left the bright lights of the nearest Maglev station some forty minutes before and was now walking into a deserted area of the southern quarter of Strahgervand. An area where there were only uninhabited, half ruined dwellings and long silenced factories and merchant shops with their windows broken and dark. The area was representative of the economic and social malaise that afflicted all of Charos. While the members of Sa Jatah and the Great Families lived in comfort and luxury, the great cities were developing vast areas where only decay reigned, like patches of bare skin on some limping animal, once proud and vital, now slowly dying. But it was fortuitous for some, those who had been cast out of society and who now lived in the underworld, in the shadows. It was fortuitous for Sa Domari, who made their home in those same shadows with only the light of Kata to illuminate their struggle for freedom. Sa Tahgus patrols did not venture into these wastelands and those that struggled to survive in their dimly lit streets and alleys did not concern them.
Alvo took out his portable viewer and checked the time. He was on schedule, his movements undetected, thanks to the computer hackers and technicians who had given themselves over to the Sa Domari cause. If Sa Tahgus were tracking his portable viewer and communicator it would show only that he was at home, probably sitting with a glass of wine, watching one of the holo-dramas about characters from fictional Great Families, or a melodrama music and dance spectacle, written two hundred years ago, long before the technological age. He was getting quite warm with the exercise, despite the cooling effect of the silda suit, and tiring a little when he came in sight of his destination.
Ahead, was a large, dilapidated warehouse, its central door somewhat rusty, the paint on its front and sides flaking and faded. Alvo walked up to  the building and found a hard to see smaller door, which had no discernible means of being opened. He pressed his hand, palm first at a certain point where a handle would be expected. Hidden cameras watched him, and unseen, a scanner inside the door registered his palm print and the door opened. Alvo stepped through into darkness and the door closed behind him. A mere few moments later, two strips of light appeared on the floor, on both sides of the hallway he found himself in. He followed the lights for several metres until he came to another door, this one also monitored by cameras positioned above it. He stood still for a few moments while those in the room beyond, activated a light above the door and scanned him with facial recognition cameras. When they were satisfied, the door slid to one side and Alvo stepped into what was the Sa Domari headquarters in Strahgervand. 
He was in a large room, filled with holo-screen computers which were being operated by about twenty or so personnel, intent on their devices. A bank of large, quantum computers were set up against the left hand wall. On the right hand side of the room, were state of the art printing presses, for forging documents, and equipment used to make fake krela cards and encoders. There were also cabinets filled with code books and dissident literature, miniature cameras, benches where disguises could be constructed, and viewers tuned to Dra bulletins from around the world. Other viewers mounted on the wall in front, showed street scenes of Strahgervand and the movements of Sa Tahgus patrols, some of the scenes coming from feeds from Sa Tahgus cameras themselves that had been hacked. Alvo’s eyes adjusted to the dimly lit room and he saw coming out of the back towards him a familiar face. It was his old friend and comrade in arms, Vanta Morium, the head of Sa Domari’s military wing. 
“The tide rushes in on moonlit nights,” Vanta said as he came close.
“And the sand does not cease from shifting,” Alvo said, giving the countersign that had been pre-arranged. The exchange of code words was considered a necessary final security measure should anyone in disguise penetrate through to the Sa Domari control centre.
“It is good to see you again, Alvo,” Vanta said with a smile and they clasped each others wrists in the old Tolmaran hand shake.
“And good to see you too, Vanta,” Alvo said, also smiling. “I am hoping there is good news tonight and that this gathering will be a turning point in our struggle.”
“You will not be disappointed, I’ll warrant. Although there is some bad news, but perhaps not insurmountable bad news.  But there is also good news to leaven the bread, as they say. Come ... the others are already here, you are the last to arrive. Let us hope Sa Tahgus are sleeping tonight. They would be glad of the prize that is assembled here.” Vanta turned and led the way, through the computer room and through a short hallway until they came to another metal door, also with cameras mounted above it. Once again, it had no handle or obvious means of being opened. Vanta placed his palm against the right hand side of the door and a moment later it opened and they were admitted to a light filled room.   
Alvo glanced around. It was a conference room, with a large wooden table in the centre, a large viewer in the middle of it. There were six men and six women sitting at chairs around it. One or two of them were dressed in traditional Tolmaran robes, the rest in plain, functional silda suits. Alvo thought to himself that Vanta’s words in the computer room were indeed profound, Sa Tahgus would love to get wind of this gathering, for assembled here were fourteen of Sa Domari’s most senior operatives, including himself and Vanta. They had made their way with stealth and subterfuge, from all corners of Charos, for a meeting and discussion that would help shape the future of Sa Domari’s struggle. 
“Most of you know Alvo Thoria, I believe,” Vanta said. “For those of you who don’t, as already mentioned in your briefing sheets, he is our most senior operative in Strahgervand, and indeed in all of Tolmara.”
“Ar tah, everyone,” Alvo said and clasped his hands together as he made a slight bow to the group. They all murmured their greetings back and Alvo took a seat at the table. Vanta remained standing at the front of the room, his hands clasped behind his back.
“Now that our company is complete, let us begin. First ... the good news. I received word this morning that the Space Research Programme has received telemetry from its craft, the Magla Drados,  powered by the faster than light drive, which they call the Lieth Ah Domah, showing it had a malfunction and plunged into the atmosphere of Earth, where it was burnt up and disintegrated. That telemetry was false. Broadcast by our own people and only appearing to come from the Magla Drados. In reality, the craft, guided by Sa Domari hackers, has according to the actual telemetry, made a descent into the Earth’s atmosphere and landed in the sea. Once there, it was programmed to send out a signal to the closest receivers. Our last communication from the craft showed it had been found and recovered by a naval vessel and was safely in the hands of the peoples of Earth. 
“My comrades, this is joyous news. The Magla Drados has been safely delivered into the hands of Creto Strahger’s and Sa Intrium Mantah’s purported enemies. And not only that, for as you know, aboard the craft were messages from Sa Domari detailing Strahger’s and The Council’s plans for the conquest of their planet. Friends, the people of Earth will now have access to the knowledge and expertise of Charos, allowing them to advance scientifically and prepare for Strahger’s planned attacks. The mission has succeeded that will serve as warning to the people of Earth.” 
The Sa Domari leaders began chattering amongst themselves, excited by this achievement. Vanta raised his hand in a call for silence.
“However,” he said. “There is also some bad news. As you know, our friend and operative from Kragavand, one Keda Tartha, approached and tried to recruit to our cause a member of the Space Research Programme, a woman called Laria Praxi. Her expertise is vital to our future plans and it was thought because of her former somewhat liberal background she would be a willing convert. Unfortunately, Keda reports that she put her loyalty to the Space Programme above any concerns she might have about life under the tyranny of Creto Strahger and The Council. Despite this, she has made no move to report to Sa Tahgus the nature of our approach and she does seem to retain a sense of loyalty to her former partner Keda. What our next step will be, we are as yet unsure. But we have not given up hope of recruiting someone from the Space Programme, although Laria Praxi was our first and best choice and our time grows short. Some other willing pair of hands may have to be found. We shall give the matter some thought and I will let you all know what we decide. Now ... to other business. The floor is open to discussion.”
A tall, thin man, in about his seventies, with greying hair and wearing a dark brown robe with ornate silver threading on the sleeves, raised his hand, indicating he wished to speak.
“Go ahead,” said Vanta. “I give the floor over  to Marga Norska, our representative from Altorum.”
Marga gave a half smile and cleared his throat. “I hear the news about the Magla Drados and I rejoice with everyone else. It will be a stone in Strahger’s shoe to be sure. If the people of Earth can replicate our technology in the coming years, it will give them a fighting chance should Strahger ever get so far as the planned invasion and takeover. However, I am concerned that not enough is being done here on Charos to thwart Strahger and The Council. It is all very well to interfere in the Space Programme, but does that bring us our freedom? I am suggesting that it is time to take a more proactive approach. It is time to spread the rebellion and perhaps take up arms against the regime. I believe it is time to consider deadly force in our encounters with the Charos military and indeed Sa Tahgus.”
“Are you suggesting,” Alvo said, turning towards Marga. “That we can take on the combined military might of all the forces of Charos? That we should abandon the people of Earth to their fate and look after ourselves? Our numbers are growing, that much is true, but our policy of using force, especially deadly force, only in self defence and only when no other option is open, has served us well until now. I believe we should differentiate ourselves from our enemies, from the military and Sa Tahgus. Surely by employing the methods of the oppressor we become oppressors ourselves? No. I say it is better to rely on cunning, the occasional sabotage action where no-one is harmed and winning over the hearts and minds of the average citizen of Charos that will bring us victory.”
 “I’m not saying we shouldn’t win hearts and minds as you say,” Marga said. “But it is the path of the slowest runner. And I don’t believe we become the oppressor when our cause is just, when we are simply fighting for our freedom. Strahger and The Council rule by fear, the fear of Sa Tahgus and the fear of death. I believe it is time to take a stand against that fear, to mete out to our enemy what they are happy to mete out to us. Then Sa Desia will see that Strahger and his sword, Sa Tahgus and the military, are not invincible, that they are made of flesh and will bleed just like the rest of us. This will inspire The People to rebellion, they will flock to our side and Sa Jatah and their supporters will tremble in their beds. Do we not already support the armed rebellions in twelve countries? You cannot prise the talons of Strahger and his menials from the body of the world by fine speeches and leaflets and the occasional raid on food transporters. Sometimes, when justice is denied, force is necessary.”
A middle-aged woman, dressed in a blue silda suit, her hair tightly pinned back and her face lightly make-up tanned, wearing round her neck a bright akrian stone pendant, raised her hand.
“Go ahead and speak,” Vanta said gesturing with his hand towards her.
“Thank you Vanta,” she said. “I know most of you by sight and name but there are one or two new faces. I am Kaza Greefor, from Zianta and I speak mainly for Sa Domari in the isles of the great Kontari ocean of the South Western hemisphere. I wish to express my solidarity and agreement with Alvo on this issue. Not only because he is right when he says we should not emulate the methods of those who oppress us, but because we would be buying into a fight we cannot as yet win. We have around two and half million loyal to our cause now, and that is not insignificant. But the combined forces of Strahger’s military and Sa Tahgus run to some six or seven million. Then we must consider those that owe their loyalty to Sa Jatah. They will resist any rebellion, any attempt to change the status quo, they will stand by the prevailing ideology because it benefits them to do so. They are doing well under the banner of the Strahger household. And the Great Families, all five thousand or so of them, are also great beneficiaries of the current system. They and their relations and servants will also resist change. They have enormous wealth and this gives them power over all events on Charos. How would we even begin to fund an armed rebellion against such overwhelming odds?
“ It is true we are supporting the twelve rebellions, although not so far through the use of deadly force.  No, I believe our present tactics serve us well. Providing for those who are shunned and punished by the Strahger regime. Giving simple things like proper health care, food and shelter, education. These are the baubles that will draw Sa Desia to our side. When the body has been taken care of, the mind will follow. We will by degrees, win over a majority of The People and Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah will gradually lose power. There may come a day when force is required, indeed deadly force, but to turn to such a course now would lose us the battle for the soul of Charos and lead only to the dissolution of our cause.”
A disordered discussion began at the table at these words. About half of those present sided with Marga and were of the opinion that they should move towards a world-wide armed rebellion, while the other half sided with Kaza and her call for peaceful methods. In the midst of the discussion, Alvo raised his hand and Vanta gestured to him that he had the floor.
“My friends, my friends,” Alvo said in a loud voice. “Let us not lose sight of how far we have come this day. Of what is at stake. We are concerned with Charos as is right, but we now have a new responsibility. I speak of Sa Desia of Earth. We are now called to a new duty, the duty to protect not just our planet, but a nearby world inhabited by an intelligent and technological species. Strahger and The Council will lay waste to the Earth if they get the chance. We cannot allow that to happen. So whatever we decide in the coming weeks, months and years, we must take account of this unlucky world that Strahger covets. The most important thing we can do now is prevent Strahger’s vision of ruling two worlds from coming to fruition. We cannot pour our resources into an armed rebellion in which millions may die and which we would at present, have scant chance of winning, and ignore what Strahger has planned for the innocent inhabitants of Earth.
“Already they will soon be warned of their impending danger, once they have read the messages on board the Magla Drados. Think of the possibilities. They will have the means to advance their technologies by many decades. We have given them the gift of knowledge and the possibility of developing new defensive capabilities. Strahger has lost the element of surprise, and made a new, and now, forewarned enemy. We must, as Kaza says, continue our fight to win hearts and minds, limiting any armed conflict to self defence only. I believe the day is coming, not so far away, when the house of Strahger will fall and be swallowed by the dust. Let us fight, but not by the path of unnecessary bloodshed. Let us continue our struggle to win over the people of Charos and at the same time, turn our thoughts to protecting what is hopefully our new ally in this war, The People of Earth.”
At these words the delegates began arguing amongst themselves again. Vanta looked at Alvo and Alvo just smiled and shrugged. Vanta let the discussion continue for a few more minutes and then called for order.
 “If I could have your attention,” he said, raising both his hands. “If we could just have quiet for a moment.” The arguing died away and the delegates turned their gazes once more to Vanta. “Clearly there is a dichotomy of opinion on this matter,” he said. “I would suggest that we each return to our own regions and through wider discussion gain an insight into how the rank and file are feeling about this matter. However, I would add, that as the military commander, my view would be that an armed rebellion would be unlikely to succeed with the numbers we have and our rather insufficient armaments. I believe we should put this question aside for the moment until we have gauged the thoughts of our wider membership. Shall we consider  that a resolution and vote on it?” 
A murmur of agreement went round the table and the matter was put to the vote. The plan was voted for unanimously. “Very well,” Vanta said. “Now let us turn our thoughts to other issues. First off, the need for new supplies for our alternative hospitals ...”
 
After another two hours of discussion on matters pertaining to the Sa Domari struggle, the meeting drew to a close. There were a few moments of idle chit chat between the delegates, but at an appointed hour, they one by one the took their surreptitious leave of the  Sa Domari outpost, walking into the night and back to their hidden lives and identities, to be summoned once again in a few months time. Alvo found himself alone with Vanta, both sitting at the table, not saying much. Finally Alvo sat back in his chair and folded his arms.
“I have a thought you might be interested in,” he said.
“You’re not thinking of arming yourself, are you?” Vanta said.
Alvo gave a short, barking laugh. “I would probably end up shooting myself in the foot. No ... I was thinking about the meeting between Keda Tartha and Laria Praxi.”
“Oh yes?”
“Yes ... I was considering whether we are not going about it in the wrong order.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well ... we want to recruit her, then tell her what we have in mind, no?”
“Yes , I suppose so.”
“Well, why don’t we tell her everything first and see if that changes her view?”
“Hmmm ... go on.”
“I suggest we approach her again. With Keda, but also this time, with you in attendance. You can spell out for her what Strahger and The Council have planned and see if that wins her over.”
“You think that might do it?”
“I think it just might. If you show her the evidence we have it could sway her. Show her our most classified material on Strahger and The Council.”
“Yes ... I see your point. If that cannot persuade her then probably nothing could. However, if we tell her that much, show her our secrets, if she turned on us she could do us some serious damage. In fact, if she cannot be won over and she turns us in to Sa Tahgus, our cause will be set back decades.”
“That may be, but with her on side we will strike at the very heart of Strahger and his plans will have begun to unravel.”
“Hmmm ... yes. Well old friend, I think you have a good idea there. It is a fool’s gamble to be sure, but there is much to play for. Yes ... I think you are right. I think we should do it.”
“Really? Yes ... I  think it is worth playing for.”
“Very well ... I will contact our Sa Domari representatives in Kragavand and get word to Keda Tartha that his services are required once again.”

*
Alvo stepped out of the carriage of the Maglev train and made his way  with the bustling crowd to the exit. He was about ten minutes walk from the high rise building in which he lived and as he walked he ran over the Sa Domari meeting in his mind. The argument of whether to start a fully armed rebellion took him back to younger days, when he had first become involved at the instigation of Viana. Back then it was he who wanted to rise up against Strahger, Sa Jatah and Sa Intrium Mantah. To take on Sa Tahgus and spill their blood as they had spilled blood for the last century. He remembered well the measured words of Viana, how she had counselled against seeking revenge, that to act in hatred was its own kind of defeat. That to do what must be done should come from a sense of necessity, rather than enjoyment of the enemy’s suffering. As he had aged, he had mellowed somewhat, and no longer felt a sense of triumphant satisfaction when some act of Sa Domari stung the hide of Sa Tahgus or Sa Intrium Mantah. He served his time as a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra collective, outwardly loyal and dedicated, but each day he calculated anew how his deceit and that of his fellow rebels, would one day tear down the edifice of Sa Intrium Dra, and indeed put the sword to Sa Intrium Mantah and hopefully bring to account Strahger and his misdeeds. He was thinking again of Viana and her soft voice on a moonlit night, when the pollution had been blown away and they were alone together by the large lake at the centre of the Great Park on the outskirts of Strahgervand. As he had many times before, he thought as he rode the elevator to his floor how sweet it would have been to have had Viana’s companionship down through all the years, how good it would be to have her on side as the battle for Charos turned also to the battle to save Earth.
He let himself feel nostalgic and sad for those past days and thought as he placed his palm on the door key pad, he would console himself with a glass of wine and listen to some old melancholy folk music, recorded in the Tolmaran highlands some one hundred years ago. Then he would get a good night’s sleep. The door slid open and Alvo was surprised to find the lights were on. He was puzzled and walked cautiously down the short hallway and into his lounge room. He was startled to find the room was not empty. Four Sa Tahgus agents, dressed in their customary grey and black silda suits were waiting for him. There was a moment when Alvo and  the agents regarded each other, the moment seeming to stretch into the future. Alvo felt his mouth go dry and his heart-rate speed up. A whirl of anxiety blossomed in his stomach. Thoughts raced through his mind. Had the meeting been compromised? Had his secret life been discovered? Finally, he realised it was possible they did not know anything and it was imperative to maintain his act as the loyal Dra bulletin maker, the servant of Sa Jatah and one who reverenced Sa Intrium Mantah and did the bidding of Creto Strahger.
“What is the meaning of this intrusion?” he managed to say at last, his voice a little high and strained, but managing to sound firm and a little angry.
Three of the agents were young men who could not have been more than in their thirties, they had close cropped hair and were clean shaven. The fourth man, looked to be closer to his fifties and wore a close cropped beard and moustache. He took a step towards Alvo.
“You are Alvo Thoria?” he said. “The resident of this domicile?”
“Yes. Certainly. But what gives you cause to break in when I’m not here?” Alvo, through his straining nerves, sought to convey an air of aggrieved indignation.
“Ah yes ... when you are not here. But according to your portable viewer, which we have tracked, you have been home all night.”
Alvo thought quickly. “I did go out for a couple of hours. To an eating house and then I had a few ales afterwards. I did not take my portable viewer with me as I did not wish to be disturbed by work matters. I suppose it is remiss of me, but you know how it is, sometimes you just want to take things easy. To ease off the pressure. My portable is in my sleeping quarters. I’ll fetch it.” 
Without waiting for for their response Alvo walked quickly into his bedroom where they could not see him and withdrew his portable viewer from the pocket in his silda suit. He walked back into the lounge and held up the viewer. “Here it is,” he said. “Did you wish to examine it?”
The bearded agent held out his hand and Alvo smiled and handed him the device. The agent looked it over but did not bother to activate it.
“What is this all about?” Alvo said. “Is there some kind of trouble at Sa Intrium Dra? Something I can help with?”
 “You are a member of Sa Jatah, are you not?” the bearded agent said.
“Yes. Of course. For the last thirty years. A man in my position really requires it to get things done. Is there some kind of problem with my membership? Something amiss?”
“Do you recall attending a diplomatic social function for Sa Intrium Dra about two months ago?” The bearded agent said, ignoring Alvo’s questions.
“I’m not sure ..” Alvo said. “No, wait a minute. Yes, I think I do recall a function around that time. I did not stay long, only enough to do my duty as a representative of the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra. I find these diplomatic chores a little tedious at my time of life. They seem to be mainly about propping up the egos of the would be political class.” Alvo smiled, hoping the Sa Tahgus agent would appreciate his little jest. The agent merely looked at him as if he had said something confusing, then he took a few steps towards Alvo so that was looking right into his eyes.
“You are well versed in the Great Charter, I suppose?” the agent said. Alvo did not reply immediately and the agent went on. “The Great Charter says; ‘All shall be loyal to the ah-ka, all shall serve Sa Intrium Mantah, and  that loyalty and service shall be returned a thousand fold.’ You are familiar with this edict?”
“Of course,” Alvo replied. “And I try to implement the Great Charter in my life every day, in everything I do. I have always served Sa Intrium Dra and Sa Jatah with unswerving loyalty. At least, that has always been my creed, my hope.”
The Sa Tahgus agent nodded slowly, maintaining the intense eye contact. Finally, he turned on his heel and walked over to the other side of the room. “Loyalty is an underrated quality in these modern times,” he said, not looking directly at Alvo. “So many seem to confuse it with their own self interest.”
“I’m sure you are right,” Alvo said, still working hard to hide his nervousness. “But I have never been subject to misguided idealism. If there is some kind of problem arising from the diplomatic function, I would be more than happy to assist Sa Tahgus with their inquiries. I am more than willing to answer immediately any questions you may have. Perhaps we can clear this matter up without further ado?”
The agent turned his gaze once more to Alvo. “I’m afraid it will require some measure of your time. It is not a simple matter. We will in fact require you to come with us now to the Strahgervand Sa Tahgus headquarters where will conduct a full and comprehensive interview.”
“Are you sure?” Alvo said. “Perhaps I could set your minds at ease if you just tell me the problem. I have an early start tomorrow and I am longing for sleep and rest.”
“I am quite sure,” the agent said. “There will be a formal interview and quite probably a Interrogation Verifier test. Please do not be alarmed. These are routine inquiries and we are seeking information from everyone who attended the function. If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.” The agent gave a half smile. “I’m sure a man of your position and dedication can satisfy our curiosity without too much distress. So ... if you would be so good as to follow us to our vehicle, the sooner we can get started the sooner you can get back home and get the rest you crave.” The agent nodded to his companions and they moved towards Alvo, taking him by the arms. In a few moments they had left the apartment and were descending in the lift.
Alvo was alarmed. What could have gone wrong? What did they know that they weren’t telling him? He fought hared to control his anxiety and play the part of the somewhat aggrieved, loyal Sa Jatah member who is unjustly suspected. He was however, grateful that they had not appeared to have conducted too thorough a search of his apartment. If they found the secret compartment behind his bathing room mirror, with all its treacherous artefacts, he would surely be lost. In a few minutes he was in the back seat of a grey Sa Tahgus vehicle, driving through the Strahgervand night, an agent on either side of him, the streetlights and neon holo-signs flashing like warning flares into his eyes. He was thinking hard about what was really going on, when suddenly it came to him what it was likely to be about. 
He remembered that night at the diplomatic function. He was supposed to receive a digital card from a minor diplomat who was also Sa Domari, a card that contained information about troop movements and activities in the countries where the twelve rebellions were going on. It was information that was mostly of interest to the military wing, but the Sa Domari leadership were kept informed of such matters on a regular basis. But, thought Alvo, how had they found what was on the card? Was it not Vanta himself who had reassured him that the code was unbreakable, even with their quantum computer technology? Until now the ability to exchange information in an unbreakable code had been one of the advantages they enjoyed. Now it seemed, that advantage was lost. But what had happened on that night? That’s right ... he recalled getting a report the next day. That the minor diplomat had been robbed and killed by two assailants who had escaped into the night. It was thought by Sa Domari the digital card was taken by them, but there was little concern over the matter as the robbers would have no way of breaking the encryption on the card. 
So what had happened? Obviously the card had fallen into the hands of Sa Tahgus. Perhaps the thieves had tried to sell it for krela? Perhaps they had handed it over to Sa Tahgus for some sort of favourable gain, perhaps they were also informants and they wanted to make an impression? All these thoughts rushed through Alvo’s mind as they drove swiftly through the night. But it was also clear that they did not know who the card was intended for, they were casting a wide net to catch whoever it was and thus find a Sa Domari operative and perhaps a chink in the armour of the secretive organisation. Alvo thought through all this as they approached the Sa Tahgus headquarters, not far from the towers of Sa Intrium Mantah, and he resolved that he would reveal nothing and stick to his persona of the loyal Sa Intrium Dra official who only served the vision of Creto Strahger and The Council. He began to calm down a little. It was reassuring that they did not know who the card was intended for and he was certain he could maintain his pretence of loyalty and good citizenship in any interrogation. But the Interrogation Verifier test gave him some qualms. He had heard things about it through Sa Domari. They said a good liar could fool any Sa Tahgus interrogator, but the Interrogation Verifier machine and its computer control was harder to beat. Sa Tahgus also had other methods of eliciting information. Painful methods. Stories of their various types of torture were whispered amongst those who had crossed swords with them. However,  Alvo resolved that he would stick to his story and would be home before the sun and great Kata rose together in the sky.
*
A short time later, Alvo found himself seated in the middle of a small, all white room, the chair he sat on also white. In front of him was a desk with another white chair behind it. In the middle of the desk  was a holo-screen computer and on the right hand side, a black square box, a machine that Alvo recognised as the feared Interrogation Verifier. He had been left alone for some half a tiah and his anxiety had subsided somewhat, he was now determined  to play his part and keep his many secrets. They would not break him and he would reveal nothing useful to them. He felt the strength of his resolve and reassured himself that if they really knew something concrete, he would be in a cell by now. No, they were only fishing, and he was sure he would not be caught. He was confidently telling himself that he would be home with his glass of wine within only an hour or two when the door to the room slid open and the bearded Sa Tahgus officer who had been at his apartment entered. The officer sat down at the desk in the chair opposite Alvo and activated the viewer, using its keyboard to call up various data. At length, he stopped typing and turned his gaze to Alvo.
“So ...” he said, leaning back in his chair a little. “You are a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra collective, and have many decades of loyal service. Is that correct?”
“Yes ... quite correct. Nothing in my career is hidden. I stand by all I have done for Sa Intrium Dra.”
“You are also a member of Sa Jatah and have no criminal convictions, no misdemeanours, no employment disputes?”
“Yes. I have always abided by the law and tried to carry out my function as a Dra producer with humility and honour.”
“You do not read or possess seditious documents or literature?”
“Certainly not. I would report any encounter of such things to Sa Tahgus immediately.”
“You do not associate with any persons who are of a seditious state of mind? People who perhaps would like to undermine the rule of law? Those who would criticise Sa Jatah, the Great Charter, and perhaps even cast aspersions on the ah-ka himself?”
“Never. Once again, I would report any such person to the appropriate authorities.” Alvo attempted a smile. “I am not easily persuaded to dissident causes, let alone actual treachery.”
The officer did not return the smile, merely looked at Alvo with a blank expression. At that moment he stood up and walked round the desk until he was standing beside Alvo’s chair. He leaned down and stood with his face close to Alvo’s.
“Did you ever know a woman called Viana Mergidah?”
Alvo suddenly felt his heart speed up, a whirl of anxiety in his stomach once again. They had obviously already gone deep into his records. Had he not satisfied them at the time of Viana’s arrest that his relationship with her had been fleeting, casual, well over before she came to the attention of the authorities? What was their purpose in bringing her and his long ago love affair with her into the issue? He fought for calm. Most likely they were still fishing, looking for anyone straying from the path of loyalty.
“I do recall her, yes. I did know her.”
The officer nodded, then walked back round to the other side of the desk, but remained standing. “So ... you say you never associate with those of a criminal persuasion, those of a deviant cast of mind, yet you admit to knowing Viana Mergidah, a woman who was arrested, put on trial for seditious activities and indeed convicted. A woman who sold her loyalty to Sa Jatah for krela, caught trying to steal information from the head of her Dra collective to sell to the highest bidder. Surely your association with her is not in keeping with the image of that of the loyal employee of Sa Intrium Dra, the servant of Sa Jatah?”
Despite his nervousness, Alvo felt a twinge of anger. Viana of course had served Sa Domari with strength and valour, the accusation she had turned traitor for krela a lie of Sa Tahgus, put out to deny as always, organised rebellion against the rulers of Charos. Alvo then felt a stirring of contempt for this Sa Tahgus agent, this puppet of the regime that held them all in thrall and that now was coming after him. He drew a deep breath and told himself to maintain his innocent demeanour, despite the slur on Viana’s character.
“My conscience is clear in this matter,” he said. “My relationship with Viana lasted little more than a year and was only ever casual. We never got to the stage of making the vows of Sa Arva Ta. She transferred to the Kragarvand Sa Intrium Dra and I had not had much to do with her for a year before she was arrested. As to the nature of her true character, I was unaware of any criminal tendencies. At least she showed none in the brief time I knew her. As far as I could tell, she was a dedicated member of Sa Intrium Dra as much as I was. It was a great shock and surprise to me when she was arrested. But as I say, my relationship with her was well over by then. I told all of this to Sa Tahgus at the time. I don’t know that I could add any new details.”
The officer nodded and stared at Alvo for what seemed an age, then he sat down behind the desk again and began typing information into the viewer, ignoring Alvo for the moment. At length he looked up from the keypad and sat back in his chair.
“Your cooperation so far has been exemplary,” he said. “But we are not quite done. For the next stage of the interview we will be using this little piece of machinery.” He waved at the black box sitting on the desk. “I appreciate you have never had such an interrogation before, but let me reassure you it is quite painless and quite accurate. If you would be so kind as to reach out your left hand and place it on top of the Interrogation Verifier you see before you.”
“Like this?” Alvo said, reaching out his hand and placing it on top of the black box. A faint blue light began to glow from the box around the edges of his hand.
“Just a moment ...” the officer said as he began entering commands into the viewer. “Now ... that’s it. We’re ready. As I said, the procedure does not involve any pain, it is merely to measure your responses to questions. If you answer accurately, you have nothing to fear. Do you understand?” Alvo nodded. “Very well,” said the officer. “Let us begin. Your name is Alvo Thoria?”
“Yes.”
“You are a senior Dra bulletin producer in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra?”
“Yes.”
“You are a resident of Strahgervand?”
“Yes.”
“You studied at the Strahgervand Sa Intrius Ket?”
“Yes.”
“You have a first class medal from this Third School?”
“Yes.”
“You received a posting to the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra immediately after you qualified?”
“Yes.”
“Do you ever give money to beggars?”
“I’m sorry ... did you say give money to beggars?”
“Yes. That is correct.”
“Why ... no.” The Sa Tahgus officer looked from his screen at Alvo, then turned back, typing something into the keyboard.
“That is not quite correct, is it?” the officer said. “In fact you do give money to beggars.”
“I don’t quite understand.”
“About two months ago, a krela transaction was recorded on your account in which you gave a hundred krela to a person who had been declared Soltar. Is that not correct?”
Alvo was startled. What was the man talking about? Then he suddenly remembered. The night he had met with Vanta and handed over the message to Earth in the Strahgervand urban wasteland. On his way there he had encountered a former bookseller who had been dispossessed of his home, possessions and krela accounts because of selling seditious literature, a Soltar, - the Fallen. That’s right, he thought, he did give the man one hundred krela and then directed him to a laundry on the other side of the city where Sa Domari sympathisers might have been able to offer him some unofficial work and shelter. By Domah’s eyes! Alvo thought. Why didn’t he think such an act of charity might come back to haunt him? But what did they know really? Had the man been arrested? Had he talked about the laundry? No. Most likely they had done an AI computer trawl on all his krela accounts and transactions, going back Domah only knew how long. He fought to remain calm and answer as accurately as he could.
“Well now that you jog my memory,” he said. “I think I do recall giving a little something to a Soltar beggar. I don’t know how to explain it really. It was a moment of weakness. He just looked so pathetic and indeed in need of food. It’s not that I approve of his anti-social activities, he was no doubt the author of his own misfortune, I just have a soft spot for those who are, shall we say, somewhat disadvantaged. I also believe in second chances. It may be that he would, in time, see the error of his ways and re-establish his loyalty to Sa Jatah and the Great Charter. I don’t know how to explain it really, other than to say I just ... at that moment ... felt sorry for him.”
The Sa Tahgus officer looked at Alvo for a moment, then turned back to his computer, typing in more information. Still with his eyes on the computer he resumed the questioning.
“Do you ever read seditious literature?”
“No. Certainly not.”
“Do you possess any such literature?”
“No. None.”
“Do you know a woman called Viana Mergidah?”
“Well ... not any more. But I did know her, yes.”
“Were you in love with this woman?”
“Well ... I don’t know about love. But we were good friends.”
“Did you know Viana Mergidah was engaged in criminal activities?”
“No. Not at all.”
“Did you know she tried to sell information stolen from the head of her Dra collective?”
“No. I did not know.”
“Are you a loyal member of Sa Jatah?”
“Why yes. Certainly.”
“Do you obey and try to implement in your daily life the tenets of the Great Charter?”
“Yes. Yes I do.”
“Do you admire and respect the ah-ka and obey all his edicts?”
“Yes. Yes I certainly try to.”
“Do the words ... Sa Domari, mean anything to you?”
Alvo felt his heart begin to skip a little faster. “I have heard rumours of such an organisation. I hear many rumours in Sa Intrium Dra.”
“Do you know anyone who is a member of an organisation called Sa Domari?”
“No. No-one.” Alvo’s heart began to beat even faster and he wondered what his reactions were giving away on the Interrogation Verifier.
“Are you a member of an organisation called Sa Domari?”
“No I am not.”
“I will repeat the question. Have you ever been a member of an organisation called Sa Domari?”
“No. Never.”
There was a pause after this question while the officer kept his eyes on his viewer and typed in some more information. Then he began again.
“Did you some months ago, attend a diplomatic social function as a representative of the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra?”
“Yes. Yes I did.”
“Did you plan to meet anyone there?”
“No one person in particular. Just the invited guests.”
“Were you expecting to be handed at this function, a digital card with encoded information on it?”
Alvo felt his heart rate climbing again, and a faint trace of sweat emerging above his top lip. “No. Certainly not,” he said, fighting to keep his voice steady.
“Were you expecting to be approached by a member of the organisation Sa Domari who was to give you this digital card with secret information on it?”
“No.”
“Did you wonder what had gone wrong when this individual from Sa Domari did not arrive with the card?”
“No. As I said. I know no-one in this organisation. I was certainly not expecting to meet someone from it at the function. I was merely doing my duty.” 
The Sa Tahgus officer did not look at Alvo for some moments, concentrating on the viewer. Finally he looked up and spoke in an even tone that gave away nothing of how the interview had gone.
“You may remove your hand from the Verifier,” he said and Alvo thankfully withdrew his hand. Alvo smiled thinly.
“I hope I have been of some assistance in this matter,” he said. “But I assure you I have answered honestly and to the best of my ability. I am always happy to aid Sa Tahgus in their inquiries and to demonstrate my loyalty to Sa Jatah and the great ah-ka himself.”
The officer said nothing to this, merely fixed his gaze on Alvo for what seemed an age. Then he stood up and straightened his uniform.
“Please remain seated,” he said. “I shall return momentarily.” So saying, he walked to the door and it slid open. He passed through and the door closed again leaving Alvo alone in the room. He felt the sensation of anxiety blooming once more. He wondered if his performance had been convincing enough to extricate himself from trouble, protect his fellow Sa Domari operatives and get him home to that glass of wine that he now needed  to steady his nerves. He was going over in his mind some of the questions and hoping that he had not said anything incriminating when the door slid open again. The bearded officer entered accompanied by two of the Sa Tahgus officers who had been at Alvo’s apartment. The interrogating officer walked round behind the desk. He fixed Alvo with a stern gaze.
“I’m afraid you have registered an inconsistent result from the Interrogation Verifier. These officers will place you in a holding cell until further inquiries can be carried out.”
“But there must be some mistake,” Alvo said. “I have answered every question with full honesty. Perhaps I should take the test again. I can assure you I have given full disclosure. As to my knowing Viana Mergidah, I’m sure that’s a matter that can be put down to experience. And as to giving money to Soltar individuals, surely I am not to be suspect because I am a little soft hearted? And all this talk of Sa Domari and secret digital cards is a mystery to me.”
“All that’s as may be,”  the officer said. “The Verifier does not make mistakes. You will be held while we conduct a thorough search of your apartment. When that has been done you will be interrogated again. Take him to the cell.”
Before Alvo could speak again, the two officers had lifted him by the arms and led him out of the interrogation room. They walked down a well lit corridor and took an elevator to a floor two levels below. They emerged into another corridor and Alvo was marched along it, his captors saying nothing. Finally they came to a row of doors and paused before one of them. The Sa Tahgus officer on his right placed a digital key on a key-pad by the door and it slid open to reveal a cell that contained only a bed attached to the wall covered by a thin mattress,  in one corner a stainless steel toilet and a camera on the wall. The window-less cell contained nothing else. The two officers pushed him inside and the door slid closed.
  For the first time since they had detained him, Alvo felt a growing sense of dismay. What if they discovered his secret compartment behind the mirror in his bathing room? There was enough in there to send him to the Thernian mines at least on the Great Festival day. What did they know that they were not telling him? Had some other Sa Domari member given away his identity? What other information did they have if they had broken the Sa Domari quantum encoding? He fought for calm. Perhaps he was overestimating them. His first supposition was probably right. The whole thing was a fishing expedition. Didn’t they say they were investigating everyone from the diplomatic function?  Most likely they were. Curses of Domah on that damned Verifier! he thought. If only he had deceived it, but he could not help his nervousness. But he should not give up hope. He had only to maintain his demeanour of loyalty and honesty and he felt fairly confident that he would be less nervous the second time around if they used the Verifier again. He resolved to brazen it out and stick to his story, no matter how many questions they asked him. He sat down on the bed and steeled himself to await his fate.

Some two or three tiah later, Alvo estimated, as he had no timepiece with him, he was sitting on the edge of the bed, wondering again what could have gone wrong, what they really knew and how he was going to get out of the situation, when the door to his cell slid open and the two Sa Tahgus officers who had placed him there entered. Without a word they took him by the arms again and marched him out of the cell, along the corridor, up in the elevator and back into the white room where the interrogation had taken place. Alvo saw at once that he was undone. Behind the desk stood the bearded Sa Tahgus officer who had conducted the interrogation, his expression unreadable, and spread out on the desk, next to the Interrogation Verifier and viewer, were the tools of Alvo’s secret trade, the bric-a-brac of his betrayal of Sa Intrium Dra, Sa Jatah and indeed the ah-ka himself. There were code books, miniature cameras, quantum encoded digital cards, fake passports, fake krela cards, pamphlets and books of seditious content. Alvo stood with his heart pounding, searching his mind for a plausible explanation, hoping that even now he might escape the closing net. The interrogating officer nodded to the two other Sa Tahgus personnel and they pushed Alvo into the chair facing the desk.
“As you can see,” the interrogating office said. “A portable X-Ray scan of your apartment has turned up some rather interesting material. We had to break your bathing room mirror to find this little treasure trove, although I’m sure it would open with your fingerprint, and I think you’ll agree these items paint a rather different picture from the dedicated Sa Intrium Dra senior who as you put it, tries to implement the Great Charter and show their loyalty to Sa Jatah in every thing they do.”
“I really had no idea they were there,” Alvo said through a dry mouth and feeling a cold sweat beginning to form on his brow. “I can’t explain it. Perhaps ... they were placed there by a former tenant? Perhaps ... someone is looking to smear my reputation, to send me to prison. Someone who covets my position and resents my place in society and seeks to undermine the Dra collective I serve. Someone who wants to incriminate a loyal member of Sa Jatah and so harm Sa Jatah itself.”
For the first time in their encounters, the interrogating office gave a thin smile. “You offer the far fetched in your desperation. Come now, make a clean breast of it and you will be spared more assiduous interrogation techniques.”
“I really have no idea how all that paraphernalia came to be in my apartment. Someone must have planted it there. Perhaps ... some ambitious Sa Tahgus officer has set me up to advance their own career? There must be some logical explanation. I swear by the beard of Domah I am an innocent man who has never wavered in their loyalty to Sa Jatah and the Great Charter.”
“You cling to your public image to save yourself,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “You even seek to blame Sa Tahgus. Face the facts. You have been caught. If you wish to ameliorate your situation, you would be wise to co-operate at an early stage. Tell us the truth now, give up any compatriots you might be in league with and a justice committee may show you mercy.”
“I don’t know what else to say,” Alvo said. “I swear by by the red blood of Tokata that I have done nothing wrong. Someone seeks to harm me, that is all I can imagine.”
The Sa Tahgus officer nodded his head and then sat back in his chair. “I see you will not be persuaded  to save yourself,” he said. “So unfortunately we must move to other methods of interrogation. We will soon see how far you will go to protect others of your treacherous bent.” So saying he leaned in towards the viewer and typed in some information. A few moments later the door to the room slid open again and the two Sa Tahgus officers that had escorted Alvo to and from the cell entered, one of them carrying a small white metal box. The officer placed the box on the desk and the two of them then took up positions on either side of Alvo. The interrogating officer opened the white box and withdrew something that looked like a white swimmer’s cap. He weighed it in his hand for a moment then stood up and came round the desk. He stood in front of Alvo and proceeded to put the cap on Alvo’s head. Alvo tried to bat away his hands but the two Sa Tahgus guards grabbed him by the arms and restrained him. In a moment the cap was fitted on his head and his sense of alarm became acute. What was going on?
The Sa Tahgus interrogator walked back behind the desk and sat down, concentrating for a few moments on the viewer, into which he typed commands. He looked up and addressed  Alvo once again.
“What we have placed on your head is a device connected wirelessly to my viewer. It is what you might call, a pain stimulator. We call it simply ‘the Cap’. It is designed to directly affect the pain receptors in your brain. By directly accessing the brain, we can cause pain of varying degrees in any part of the body. We will run through some pertinent questions again and this time we want accurate answers. Any attempt to dissemble will be met with a response from the Cap. If you answer truthfully, you will be spared the pain and all may go well with you in the future. Do you understand?”
“I don’t know what you want from me,” Alvo said, sounding distressed and aggrieved. He was feeling a real sensation of acute anxiety. In all his training and experience with Sa Domari he had not heard of such a device or method of interrogation. It must be something new Sa Tahgus was trying. But he tried to beat back his fear and convince himself that he could stand anything they threw at him. He resolved to stick to his story. “I have answered all your questions honestly and fully. I don’t see why I need to be subjected to more interrogation. Surely you should be trying to discover who it is who is trying to discredit me, to set me up.”
“Let us begin,” the interrogator said, ignoring Alvo’s plea. “You are Alvo Thoria, a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra?”
“Yes. Of course. I have already answered that question. You know full well my history and reputation.”
“Just answer the questions. Now ... you attended a diplomatic function as a Sa Intrium Dra representative two months ago?”
“Yes. As you know.”
“Did you expect to meet anyone there?”
“Not specifically, no.”
“Did you expect to meet someone there who was to hand you a digital card with classified information on it?”
“No. Certainly not.” At that moment, the interrogating officer punched a key on the viewer, and a searing white sheet of pain coursed through Alvo’s teeth. He cried out in agony, making a noise he scarcely believed he was capable of.
“I will ask you again. Did you intend at that function to receive a card from a Sa Domari operative?”
“No. I swear. No.” The officer punched the keyboard again and the searing pain, like deep dentistry without anaesthetic, shot once more through Alvo’s teeth and once more he cried out in agony.
“Are you an agent of Sa Domari?”
“No. I am not.” Alvo was tensed, his breathing rapid, waiting, dreading the return of the pain. The officer typed something then jabbed at the keyboard again. This time Alvo doubled over with pain in his midriff, as if someone was stabbing him with a serrated knife and was twisting it for good measure. He could hear someone crying out and it took him a few moments to realise it was his own ragged shout. After what seemed an age, the interrogator punched the keyboard again and the pain mercifully stopped. 
“We have found the evidence to convict you,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “You see it before you with your own eyes. I ask you again. Are you a member of Sa Domari?”
“No! I tell you, no! I’m being framed. Someone, I don’t know who, seeks to destroy me and ruin my reputation.” 
The officer typed a command into the keyboard once more and Alvo suddenly felt as if his hands were on fire. The sensation was so acute, he began to wave his hands around as if he was trying to extinguish flames. All the while there was the shouting in pain that he could not control, that seemed to emanate from some demented creature, that could not possibly be him. Finally a white sheet of light flashed across his eyes, he felt himself blacking out. Just when he thought he was going into the sweet release of unconsciousness the Sa Tahgus officer punched the keyboard and the pain immediately stopped. Alvo looked at his hands, hardly believing that they were still intact. 
In the moments before the Sa Tahgus officer spoke again, Alvo still had the presence of mind to weigh up his situation. He realised he could not take pain like that again without begging for mercy. If the interrogation continued in that manner he was afraid he might succumb and tell them anything they wanted to know. He would give them names of Sa Domari operatives, the location of their secret bases and safe houses, details of the plans they daily laid against the name of Creto Strahger and his loyal servants in Sa Jatah. But that was not the worst of it. What if he gave away the true fate of the Magla Drados and told them that the craft was now in the possession of the people of Earth and the secrets of its science and technology was at this very moment being revealed? What if he told them all that Sa Domari had learned in regard to Earth and what their plans were towards that hitherto unsuspecting world? He decided he would try and buy time, give Sa Tahgus something that would satisfy them for the moment.
 “You see by now the futility of your denials,” the interrogator said interrupting Alvo’s thoughts . “Are you ready to give us the information we seek or do you choose the path of continued suffering? A path that can last all night if necessary.”
“Very well,” Alvo said, his breathing still rapid and ragged. “I will tell you what I know. How I came to be in this position. But I must petition for clemency, I must throw myself on your sense of mercy. I am but a simple member of Sa Desia in reality. I am a mere mortal and my head was turned by falling in love.”
The interrogating officer, took his hands away from the viewer keyboard and sat back in his chair. “Go on,” he said. “But do not waste our time with heart rending stories. You will find no sympathy for traitors between these walls.”
“It was her ...” Alvo began, trying his best in his distressed state to look remorseful. “It was Viana ... Viana Mergidah. I admit I have not been honest with you about her. In reality I  was madly in love with her. I wanted to make the vows of Sa Arva Ta with her but she would not assent. I would have done anything she asked of me I was so besotted. She refused to make the vows unless I consented to help her with certain projects. She said she knew people. People of wealth and power. Though not of a law abiding nature. They were criminals and malcontents. They sought to gain krela and influence through treacherous means. They used fake identities, disguises, schemes to infiltrate the Great Families and people of prominence in Sa Jatah. They thought nothing of resorting to theft and blackmail, of racketeering and extortion. 
“It came as no surprise to me when Viana was arrested trying to sell information from the head of her Sa Intrium Dra bureau in Kragarvand. She had stolen such information on many occasions and it was passed on to others higher up who would use it for purposes such as blackmail and to gain favourable dealings with officials. She was always trying to draw me in deeper, to get me involved in the more riskier and therefore more lucrative schemes. It was her comrades that installed the secret cabinet behind my bathing mirror. It was her and her colleagues who supplied me with the paraphernalia you see before you. But I must say, I swear on my grandfather’s grave, I never heard mention of Sa Domari. Viana was not very politically inclined. She loved krela and secretly yearned to live in luxury. She resented the wealth and prominence of those from the Great Families and those that had influence and power through Sa Jatah. But as far as I know, she had no dealings with any political actors as indeed neither have I. I cannot enlighten you about Sa Domari, I only admit that I was a small player in Viana’s compatriots’ schemes. I received some krela for my services, I don’t deny it, but if anything I am a small time criminal, led astray by love and desire. I swear I am not a traitor.” 
The Sa Tahgus officer sat regarding Alvo for a few moments at the end of this speech, nodding slowly, and then turned towards the viewer. He typed for a few moments and then sat back in his chair once again.
“Your co-operation is wise,” he said at last, his voice even, giving nothing away. “And we will see in time if there is any truth to your story. For now the interview is over. You will now be taken back to your cell where you will be given time to think on what you have told us. But do not feel ashamed at the admission of your guilt. The Cap is a very persuasive means of interrogation, few can withstand more than a few sessions with it. And I’m sure you feel cleansed for having told us the truth, it will be a weight off your mind. For now rest, and in the morning we can begin to dig into the details of your anti-social activities and breaches of  the Great Charter. That is all for now. Remove the Cap and take him to the cell.” The two Sa Tahgus officers slid the Cap off Alvo’s head, placing it on the desk, at which point he breathed a sigh of relief that his ordeal, at least temporarily, was over. The officers lifted him by his arms out of the chair and once again marched him away to the cells and his uncertain future.
*
Strahger sat in one of the luxuriously appointed studies in his private residence and stared impassively at the viewer in front of him, the three dimensional image of the Governor of Corda larger than life and to Strahger, twice as tedious. The man seemed beset by enemies, his tale of woe going on and on, trying Strahger’s patience and eating into the time he had set aside for drinking a few glasses of Agali wine and reading a new history, just published, about the Kreth Ah Domah, the Storm of God, the final days of the decisive war between the Tolmaran and Altorum empires. The history laid out in great detail the day of decision of Strahger’s father, Kragar, to launch the first nuclear strike and how the hesitant response of the Altorum leaders led to the nuclear destruction of many of their cities and eventually their surrender in an effort to avoid an all out atomic conflict and Nuclear Winter effect. Strahger was pleased at the tone of the book, how it showed the cunning intellect of his father and his advisors, with special mention being made of Zar Kormin, who had visited him so recently. So impressed was Strahger by the book he was considering giving it his personal recommendation as a text for all Sa Intrius Ket, the Third School, across all of  Charos. If he could only get away from the Cordan Governor in the next few minutes he might still find time for some reading.
“ ... So you see ah-ka,” the Governor was saying. “I am being undermined by a breakaway group within the Cordan Council. They are all members of the Great Families and seek to depose me and take over Corda for their own benefit. They want to increase the percentages they get from our many industries and run the place into the ground. They want to corner the market on our rare earth metals and take all the profit for themselves. They imagine we can produce more rare earth metals than even Arlania, if only I would not stand in their way. But I am firm in my resolve, I will not allow unsafe mining practices just so that they may enjoy one more holiday in the Agali Isles.”
“Yes ... I see your predicament,” Strahger said, searching for some ameliorating words that would allow him to end the conversation. “You must stand steady on these matters, be the rock in the middle of the stream as they say.”
“Then there is the question of the ongoing rebellion. If I do not get more krela, troops and equipment, I am afraid I may not be able to hold off the various militias for much longer. Possibly even a matter of months before our military becomes ineffective. Think of the influence on the weak minded of Charos if such a challenge were to succeed and they overthrew me! You must send me more resources to quell the rebellion and help me put paid to those in the Cordan Council who seek to usurp me. I am at my wits’ end!”
“I’ll tell you what I’ll do,” Strahger said, though he did not feel  the concern of the Governor’s plight quite so acutely as the man himself. If he were deposed Strahger knew there were several in Corda who could easily take his place and do he, Strahger’s bidding. “I will contact Crassian Hargan, our Chief of Defence, and speak to him on your behalf regarding more resources for the rebellion. I will also talk personally to Darg Karlin, our Sa Tahgus Chief and get him to speak face to face with the Sa Tahgus representative in Corda. We will see if there is not some action that can be taken to cool the heels of those from the Great Families in your Council. And further more, if you make a report in writing I will see that your concerns get a hearing at the next meeting of Sa Intrium Mantah.”
“Thank you ah-ka. You don’t know how difficult these last few months have been for me and my long suffering partner. I would not put assassination of me as being out of the question of these troublemakers. I would - ” At that moment Strahger’s viewer began to chime, he had another call coming in.
“I’m sorry,” Strahger said. “I will have to leave it there. I have an urgent call coming in. Rest assured you have my ear and I have heard your story. I will take the actions I have mentioned in the next few days. For now, ar nosa.” So saying, Strahger broke the connection and the Governor’s worried features flickered away to nothing. Strahger pressed a key on his viewer’s keyboard and the image of Darg Karlin appeared.
“Greetings ah-ka,” Karlin said. “I am sorry to disturb you at home at such an hour.” 
“Not at all,” Strahger said. “You have rescued me from the problems of the Governor of Corda, a man who apparently carries the troubles of the whole world upon his shoulders. I should be more sympathetic, but I am aware there are a dozen who could easily take his place and probably do a better job.”
“I see ... well, perhaps I have done you a favour. And perhaps I have good news to season the main dish.”
“Oh yes?”
“Yes ... remember the case of the digital card with the quantum encoding that could not be broken? The one destined for the diplomatic function and probably someone from Sa Domari?”
“I do recall. You were going to bring all the guests in for questioning were you not?”
 “We did bring them in and all were questioned with the assistance of an Interrogation Verifier.”
“Go on ...”
“I am informed by my staff  that all passed with flying colours except for one man. A man called Alvo Thoria, a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra collective. He gave inconsistent results and a search of his apartment led to the discovery of a secret compartment behind his bathing room mirror. In  that compartment were miniature cameras, code books, seditious literature, false passports. In short, all the tools of a traitor.”
“Fascinating. And has he given up any useful information? A name or two perhaps?”
“He claims he was led astray by one Viana Mergidah. A woman from his collective who was caught a couple of years ago downloading confidential information from one of the seniors of Sa Intrium Dra. Thoria claims he was motivated by love of this woman and also the love of krela. But I am not so sure. He only made these claims when he had been interrogated using our new device, the Cap. People will say anything to avoid that kind of pain. I think he’s hiding something. I think he is likely to be Sa Domari  as I believe was Viana Mergidah. I believe the digital card stolen that night was destined for his eyes. I believe we may have found a door into the house of this troublesome ghost, Sa Domari.”
 “Yes ... it does sound promising. What’s the next step?”
“I am still thinking on the matter. We may have some new tricks to try on him. I have a hunch his claim to be nothing more than a misled criminal will begin to crumble when we try some of our new techniques. Then he may lead us to his fellow traitors. He may begin to name names.”
“I see ... Well, you have done well to keep me informed. The greatest river begins with one drop of rain as the saying goes. Thank you for the information and contact me tomorrow when more is known.”
“Very well, ah-ka.”
“For now, ar nosa.”
___ ___ ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Seven

Laria sat with her second cup of Rahgi and watched on her viewer the unfolding of a Holusa game that had been going for some hours, although she had only tuned in after getting herself a late breakfast. It was the Akanta and she was in no hurry to do anything much. She was dressed in her light green silda suit and had her hair pinned back, but she had not bothered to make-up tan her face as she was expecting to see no-one. A few of her colleagues from the Space Research Centre had planned to go on an outdoor hike around the great park on the outskirts of Strahgervand and they had called her the night before to ask her along. They would carry food and drink with them and eat in one of the many picturesque glades the park contained. The mood in the collective had been a little sombre since the disappearance of the Magla Drados and the outing was in part to raise their spirits. However, a layer of slow moving air had descended on the city, trapping the brownish-yellow pollution haze beneath so no-one could go out without a breathing mask and then only for the shortest period possible. It was not a day made for walking in the park and the group had cancelled earlier in the morning. So Laria was at a loose end and planned to spend the day reading some research on black holes that had just been published by a collective in Altorum that operated an orbiting space telescope, probing the deeper reaches of the galaxy. She was just trying to predict the next move from the first province in the Holusa game when her viewer began to chime, indicating someone was at the door of her apartment, on the tenth floor of her building.
“Computer, show who is at the door,” she said and the Holusa game dissolved and the image of two men holding pollution masks in their hands and standing outside her door appeared. 
“By the blood of Domah!” Laria exclaimed, for she recognised one of the men, dressed in a light brown robe. It was none other than Keda Tartha, her old flame from Sa Intrius Ket, whom she had so recently dined with and who had tried to recruit her into the cause of Sa Domari. 
By Domah’s teeth, she thought, did he not understand when ‘no’ meant ‘no’? And who was the stranger he had brought with him? Disturbing her on her day off. What was Keda doing in Strahgervand anyway? Did he not have a wife and children to care for back in Kragarvand? She wondered for a moment what to do. Should she call Sa Tahgus and report Keda to them? No ... she could not bring herself to land her old love into such danger and trouble, no matter how angered she was by his sudden unannounced reappearance. The chimes rang again and she decided she would have to speak to Keda once more and this time explain categorically that she was not interested in his political causes. She left the living room and walked to the door. She paused for a moment before she opened it. What if Keda would not listen to her this time? Would he keep pestering her? Perhaps in the end she would have no choice but to report him to the authorities? She decided she must make her will plain and so resolved, opened the door. Before she could say anything, Keda held up his hand and spoke first.
 “Now I know I’m probably the last person you want to see,” he said. “But all I’m asking is for you to hear us out. Just give us one tiah of your time and then we will leave you alone. If we don’t convince you with what we have to say, we will never bother you again. You can report us, or do whatever you feel is necessary. But if you hear our tale, I’m sure you will be glad that we came to you and told you what we know.”
“I’m surprised at you, Keda,” Laria said. “I thought my refusal last time was clear and sufficient to dissuade you from bothering me again. Don’t you have a wife and children you should be spending your time with? Don’t they object to your travelling eight hundred delka to look up an old lover? And who is your companion? What right has he to be here?”
“He is a senior member of Sa Domari and has risked much to be here today,” Keda said. “Please Laria, just let us come in and say our piece. It is not safe to talk out here. I promise you my tongue is straight. If you do not care for what we have to tell you, we will never bother you again. Please, just let us come in and talk.”
Laria was inclined to just tell them to go to Kurindah, the Land of the Dead, close the door and get on with her life, perhaps report them after all. But something in Keda’s tone, an almost but not quite sense of desperation gave her the oddest sensation. She was annoyed of course, but some feeling that Keda himself seemed to need her help, an intuition that perhaps she should hear them out before dismissing them seemed to take hold in her mind. And Keda was right. It was not safe to talk in the hallway of her apartment building. She decided she would let them in and explain to Keda and his companion in no uncertain terms that she was not interested. Then she hoped Keda was as good as his word and they would trouble her no more. She stood aside and waved her arm for them to enter.
A few moments later the three of them were standing in the central living room and Laria stood with folded arms, waiting for the explanation for their unannounced intrusion.
“Can we sit down?” Keda said with a faint smile. “It will take a little time to tell you all we know.”
“Very well, sit,” Laria said and she remained standing as Keda and his companion sat down on the large comfortable cushions on the floor. “You had better get straight to the point. I can assure you I have not changed my mind since we last met.” 
“I can see we’re not welcome,” Keda said. “But much depends upon you hearing what we have to say.”
“Then speak and we can all get on with our lives,” Laria said. “It is the Akanta but I can think of better ways of using my time. First of all, who is your companion?” Laria looked at the man, dressed in a pearl-grey silda suit. His hair was close cropped and he had a trim black beard. He looked well groomed but his face was lined, although Laria guessed he was only in his late fifties or early sixties. He had an air of nonchalance about him and he looked at her with a steady gaze, seemingly unruffled by her obvious displeasure at her unexpected guests’ arrival.
“This is Vanta Morium,” Keda said. “He is the head of the Sa Domari military wing for all of Charos and Sa Tahgus would love to take his head home on a plate. There is great risk in him coming to see you today and it is he who will enlighten you as to the meaning of our visit.”
“I thought you were not privy to the reasons Sa Domari was interested in me, Keda,” Laria said. “It seems you have come up in the world.”
“It was decided I should be entrusted with certain information before we spoke with you,” Keda said. “This knowledge has convinced me of our cause. If you will just hear us out.”
 “Very well. Then proceed,” Laria said. “I will give you one tiah. Tell me Vanta, why do you trouble me at my home? ”
Vanta smiled a little and straightened one of the legs of his silda suit trousers.
“We have not intruded on your home and indeed your life, without great consideration and previous discussion,” he said. “But hard decisions must be made and the sooner the better. We, Sa Domari, need your help in a matter that concerns the future of all of Charos.”
“Really?” said Laria. “The entire planet depends on me?”
Vanta smiled once more and clasped his hands together. “We know about the Lieth Ah Domah project and its successful trial with the Magla Drados spacecraft.”
“What!” said Laria. “That is highly classified information. Only those in the Space Programme and Sa Intrium Mantah, plus a few others have such knowledge. Is that why you’re here? To recruit me as a spy? An informant on the Space Programme?”
“It’s a little more complicated than that,” Vanta said. “I must tell you now, the Magla Drados was not lost. It did not burn up entering Earth’s atmosphere.”
“What are you talking about?” Laria said. “The telemetry told us the craft was destroyed. What nonsense is this?”
“We have people working in the Space Programme who are loyal to our cause,” Vanta said. “Also we have some of the finest computer hackers and programmers on Charos who support us in our struggle against Strahger’s and The Council’s tyranny. These people were able to send false telemetry from the Magla Drados leading to the belief that it malfunctioned and plunged to its destruction.”
“If this is true, where is the craft now?” Laria said. She was beginning to feel a burgeoning anger. If what Vanta said was accurate, then she was inclined to report them immediately.
“The craft was reprogrammed to report a malfunction and then it began a descent into Earth’s atmosphere. Its emergency parachutes opened and it landed in the sea where it was retrieved by a naval vessel. The Lieth Ah Domah drive, our communications devices and quantum computers are now in the hands of the scientists of Earth. They are no doubt, as we speak, studying the secrets of our technology. Also on board were messages written by Sa Domari, letting the people of Earth know that they are no longer alone in the void. These messages also carried a warning, telling our new neighbours of the danger they are in from the imperious dreams of Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah.”
“How dare you!” Laria said, her anger bursting forth into the room. “I have dedicated my life to the Space Programme and you have the nerve to come into my home and tell me it was all for nothing? That a few misguided rebels were able to sabotage my dreams and wreck decades of research and achievement? How dare you try to recruit me to such a cause! Why should I not get Sa Tahgus on the viewer this very instant?”
“That is your choice, of course,” Vanta said, his voice calm. “But let me continue to inform you of what brings us to this pass, this conversation.”
“Yes Laria,” Keda said. “For old time’s sake, for the love we once shared, for the sake of the unsuspecting billions of Charos and indeed of Earth, hear Vanta out. Just give us a few more minutes before you report us.”
A silence followed Keda’s words as Laria fought for control of her emotions. She could hardly believe it. The Magla Drados in the possession of the authorities of Earth! The peoples of Earth now aware that there was intelligent life amongst the stars! Life that was so close they could almost reach out in the dark deep and touch it. She sat down with a thump on one of the cushions. Nothing would be the same again. But what should she do? Should she report these two? Should she send them on their way and reveal what they had told her to her collective on the Space Programme? She found that her breathing was rapid, she felt anxious. She fought the feeling and tried to steady her breathing. Her mind cleared a little and she decided she would hear the rest of the fantastic tale. The more she knew, the better she would understand and this would guide her decisions. She folded her arms and looked Vanta squarely in the eye.
“Very well,” she said. “I said I would give you time and I will hear the rest of your story. But what you have told me so far, if true, would earn you both a place in the executioner’s cage on Festival Day. But tell me everything. Do not spare my ears from the rough cloth as they say. And speak only the truth.”  
“I can assure you we speak the truth,” Vanta said. “As I said, the Magla Drados is now in the hands of Earth scientists and their politicians and military have been warned of the danger Charos poses to them. But you have been deceived by the current regime as has all of Charos.”
“I am nobody’s fool,” Laria said. “You are talking about the sabotaging of my life’s work here. You had better explain how I have been deceived or I will activate the emergency call on my viewer before you can blink.”
“The Lieth Ah Domah project is the greatest achievement of the Space Programme and indeed probably in the history of Charos,” Vanta said. “But it is to be turned from a mission of peaceful exploration and discovery to a weapon of war. Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah plan to use the technology that has brought the stars themselves to less than a heartbeat away as a means to conquer a new world, to conquer the Earth.”
“But how could this be?” Laria said, a feeling of a burgeoning dread mingling with her still angry feeling.
“Strahger seeks to counter the problems that have stricken Charos - climate change, over-population, pollution, armed rebellions, rampant inequality, poverty - by becoming the ruler of not one world but two,” Vanta said. “Now that the Lieth Ah Domah drive is a success, the discovery of faster than light travel and the presence of Earth will soon be publicly revealed. First, as the greatest discoveries in our history, but secondly, that Earth will be falsely declared as a threat. When the time is ripe, Charos will be set on a course for war, with Earth declared the enemy. At the same time it will be held out to The People as a land of promise, a foe that must be defeated and that it is destiny that Charos and Strahger should claim it is a deserved prize.
“We of Sa Domari also know about the second ship that has been constructed using the Lieth Ah Domah drive. The craft named the Maro, in honour of the ancient Tolmaran philosopher, a man whom Creto Strahger much admires. This craft is to be fitted out with a three person crew and make the journey to Earth and back to test the effects of faster than light travel on a peopled flight. There is also a third craft under construction. An asteroid that has been hollowed out and given an artificial atmosphere and environment. This craft needs only a larger version of the Lieth Ah Domah drive to propel it and to carry thousands of personnel when the time comes. The asteroid ship is named the Kragar Strahger, in honour of  Strahger’s late father.”
“You are certainly well informed,” Laria said with a little bitterness. “I see not everyone in the Space Programme can be trusted.”
“There are many who chafe under the yoke of The Council and Strahger’s ill will,” Vanta said. “It is not so hard to find those who would risk much for freedom. But let me continue. The worst is yet to come. 
“When the Lieth Ah Domah drive has proved its worth and brought Earth within easy reach, the industries and peoples of Charos will be turned to the purpose of war. Imagine it - an entire planet dedicated to producing the means and engines of war. Fifty spacecraft will be constructed in orbit. They will be the largest ever built besides the hollowed out asteroid. They will be twice the size of our biggest aircraft carriers and each will carry a crew of about ten to twelve thousand. Forty of them will be armed with multiple warhead nuclear missiles. 
“These craft will begin a limited nuclear bombardment of the planet. The first weapons used will be high altitude, high yield nuclear blasts. These are designed to generate massive Electro-Magnetic Pulses, to knock out the electronics and communications of the great cities of Earth. At the same time, ten of the spacecraft will orbit the planet and using lasers, destroy communication and navigation satellites. Also at this stage, smaller nuclear warheads and some conventional missiles will target the nuclear silos and infrastructure of Earth’s defences. It is unlikely the Charos craft will face any retaliation with Earth’s navigation and communication satellites systems destroyed. Also these spacecraft will be heavily armoured. If there is any retaliation, say from submarine based nuclear missiles, it is unlikely they would have any major effect unless they detonated within one delka.
“It is expected that the bombardment of Earth will cause a minor Nuclear Winter effect. When the material from the explosions reaches the upper atmosphere, it is thought that sunlight will be blocked out to a large degree for a period of about three months. This will cause crops to fail and the general destruction of the environment. It is hoped this will aid in the subjugation of the population. However, this bombardment from orbit is not the greatest danger to the peoples of Earth. 
“Strahger and The Council, a few years ago, set up a secret research project, the purpose of which was to create a virus that would be effective against the citizens of Earth. Using information from the probes to Earth, a team of scientists studied human genetics, human viruses and came up with their own pathogen. A virus that is aerobically transmitted and that is estimated will have a ninety eight per cent fatality rate. It is thought that from the time of infection to death will take about three days.
“A group of the missiles aboard these spacecraft will be fitted with warheads containing this virus. They will be detonated over densely populated areas of the Earth and the virus will be allowed to run its course, until the majority of the population are dead. It is our understanding that a vaccine has been developed in conjunction with this discovery, which will be administered to all soldiers and personnel from Charos making the journey. The virus will be completely harmless to the Charos crews.
“Once the virus has done its work and most of the population of Earth has perished, landing craft will descend to the surface and set up initial bases. Then they will establish rapid deployment military Space Elevators to bring more armed forces and materiel to the planet. It is thought that what resistance that might remain from Earth’s militaries will be insufficient to counter our more advanced  weaponry or disrupt this first stage of the invasion.
“Then the great asteroid ship will be employed to ferry two million troops and their equipment to Earth. They will set up more permanent, well defended military bases and larger Space Elevators that can carry more freight and bring more people to the surface. From there the plan is simple. The asteroid ship, the ark, will then begin making regular trips from Charos to Earth, carrying cargo and those chosen from Charos’s population, mostly Sa Jatah, to become the new inheritors of the Earth, some two billion of them over a period of a few years. As to the human race ... well, those that do survive, if they are considered useful will be enslaved, the rest ... simply exterminated.
“And there you have it,” Vanta said. “What I hope is a fairly accurate summary of what Strahger and The Council have planned for both Charos and Earth. There are many details of course, which we can go into at a later stage should you decide to help us. But ... there it is ... conquest from out of the stars, death and destruction, indeed ... genocide. Strahger intends to become the first in history to rule not one world, but two. At the cost of billions of lives and the futures that might have been for both planets.”
Vanta stopped speaking and a silence filled the room. Laria was dumbstruck. She felt nothing at first, her mind was blank, seemed to be searching for something familiar in the faces of the two men who had come into her house, her life, and shaken the very foundation upon which she had stood for so many years. Suddenly it was all in doubt - her childhood dreams, her years of study, her years of striving with the others of her collective to peel away the mysteries of space and distance. Her ideal of contact with another race in an equal and respectful  encounter, dashed and splintered on the ground. Finally her thoughts began to stir. She began to wonder, how could this be? How could she have been so easily deceived for so many years? How did she come to be involved, to be manipulated into participating in what could only be termed a great evil? She tried to think of what to say, what to do. Should she report these two? Should she tell the peoples of Charos what she had just learned? Should she shout it from the mountaintops? Should she go to Sa Intrium Dra and have them broadcast to the world this horror?
But she could see each course of action was futile. This was corruption on a planetary scale. This was  the work of people for whom the sanctity of life had no meaning. People who thought only of their own glory and gratification. People who had used her and her talents to help plant the seeds of a great abomination. Yet still she clung to the thought that her visitors might be wrong, might have their own agenda for Charos, that in fact it might be them who were manipulating her and that it had not all been a dream, a mere shadow of hope, nothing but the fragments of a thousand broken promises. Finally, she spoke.
“You expect me to simply believe all that you have told me?” she said, her voice a little tremulous. “How do I know this is not a Sa Domari scheme to sabotage the Space Programme? To get me to do something treacherous?”
“We can offer a certain amount of proof,” Vanta said and he reached into his silda suit and withdrew a digital card. “On this card are conversations between Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah. They discuss the overthrow of Earth, the planned invasion, the genocide. It is audio only but is recorded in the very chamber where The Council meet. Much was risked in its creation and it would mean death to be caught with it.” Vanta placed the card on the small lider wood table in the centre of the room. “When we have more time we would be happy for you to hear it.”
“When you have more time?” Laria said. “It would take years to build the spacecraft you have talked of. Years to construct that many Lieth Ah Domah drives. Even with the entire planet turned to the evil of war, great Kata will rise and fall many times before Strahger and The Council can enact such a plan.”
“We estimate about five years before the fleet is ready to fly to Earth,” Vanta said, his tone even and sure. “But we cannot wait for that to happen. Earth has received a first message from out of the night, but much more must be done. Decisive action is called for.”
“So what is this decisive action?” Laria said. “What are Sa Domari’s plans to stop this madman’s dream?”
“First of all,” Vanta said. “We send Earth a second message. A much more dramatic communication. The Maro is due to fly soon, carrying a crew of three across the light years to the orbit of Earth. We of Sa Domari intend to replace the crew on the voyage with our own people.”
Laria gave a half laugh. “Replace the crew? How would you achieve such a feat? The Space Elevator installation on Creethum is heavily guarded, both on the ground and at the top of the space station. It can’t be done.”
“Nevertheless, that is our plan,” Vanta said, unperturbed. “We will send a crew of three dedicated to the cause of Sa Domari and the overthrow of Strahger, The Council and all of Sa Jatah. We intend to initiate the first contact between Earth and Charos. Two alien races coming together in the cause of freedom. It will be Sa Domari’s first step in helping the Earth to defend itself.”
“So what do you need me for?” Laria said. “I am not happy to be a spy on my friends and colleagues at the Space Research Centre. Not even for the cause you espouse. But if all you say is true, I will not be a part of that either. I will never put Earth in danger. I will resign rather than participate in such an atrocity.”
“Rest assured we do not need you to inform on your colleagues,” Vanta said. “Let me explain. The replacement crew for the Maro will consist of three carefully chosen people. First will be a man we have recruited who is a well respected virologist and microbiologist. His mission will be to take to Earth the advanced knowledge of Charos to help the people of Earth prepare a remedy, a vaccine, against the virus that Strahger intends to use to annihilate the population. 
“The second crew member, I am humbled to say, will be me. With my knowledge of advanced weapons and military techniques and technology, it is hoped I will be able to assist the militaries of Earth prepare a defence against all that Charos intends to throw at them. I also am reasonably familiar with two of their languages and in the initial stages of contact will act as an interpreter.” Vanta paused and clasped his hands together.
“And the third crew member?” Laria said. Vanta said nothing, just looked at her steadily.
“Can’t you guess why we’re here?” Keda said with a half smile. “Don’t you see where Vanta has been going to all this time?”
“No I don’t see,” Laria said. “I am shaken and appalled by all that I have heard. The ground is crumbling beneath my feet and I cannot think straight.”
“It is very simple,” Vanta said. “We want you to be the third crew member. We want you to be one of the first to make contact with an alien race. To meet with the people of Earth face to face.” 
“You can’t be serious,” Laria said. “You expect me to turn my back on decades of research and discovery, to betray all I have worked for, to betray my colleagues and the very ethos of the Space Programme?”
“Think about it Laria,” Vanta said. “You will not be betraying your years of service and beliefs. You will be acting in accordance with the mission of the Space Programme which is to reach out into the void and discover what is there waiting. You have the technical knowledge of the Maro, the knowledge of how the Lieth Ah Domah drive operates, the knowledge to give to the people of Earth a fighting chance against a civilization that is technologically years ahead of them. You will be fulfilling your calling as a scientist, reaching out into the stars and touching the minds and souls of another species. Between  the three of us on board the ship, we will be bringing the benefits of our scientific and military advances to a race that stands condemned by the greed and avarice of Strahger and The Council. Don’t let Strahger’s will prevail. History is at a turning of the tide and you stand at its centre. Strike a blow for peace between our two planets. Join with us and ride the Breath of God into the future, to your destiny.”
Laria slumped a little in her seat, cradling her head in her hands. What was going on? A few moments before she had been idly watching a Holusa tournament and wondering what to do with the day. Now she was being called upon to leave her life behind and travel to another world?  She suddenly began to see scenes from her life as a scientist, the early days of the Lieth Ah Domah project, the thrill of seeing the Breath of God drive become a working reality. The first tentative tests, the building of success in experiment after experiment, the smiling faces and happy laughter of her colleagues as they crossed one barrier after another. And now  there was today. Today there was revelation. All she had worked for, all she had believed in was to be turned to the purpose of evil, of conquest, of destruction. How could she have been so blind? How could a dream turn to nightmare in just the few moments of not even one tiah. What was she to do? What should she do? Then rising unbidden into her mind she had a thought. She lifted her head from her hands and looked Vanta in the eye.
“I have heard your words and though I can barely stand to say it, I feel you speak the truth. But I am uncertain. You cannot expect me to give up a life’s work on the say so of an old boyfriend and a mysterious stranger, no matter the righteousness of your cause. I need to drink from the source of  the river as they say, from someone I trust. I need to speak to the head of the Space Research Centre, Tarka Morvo. When I have questioned him about these matters I will get back to you and tell you my thoughts.”
Vanta shook his head. “Tarka Morvo is inside the pocket of Strahger and The Council. He is well aware of what they have planned for Earth. In fact they are counting on him and his team, on you, to deliver them the prize of Earth. Tarka is of the Great Families and is Sa Jatah through and through. He knows he will go down with the greats of history if he can deliver the prize of Earth to Sa Intrium Mantah. His whole persona is a lie, the whole of the Space Programme and all who work within it part of that lie. He has used you Laria, lied to you and used you to make reality the dream of Strahger’s conquest. It will do no good to question a man whose loyalty is to the quest for power.”
“Nonetheless I would speak with him before I consider your plan, which is treachery of the highest degree,” Laria said. “You cannot expect me to risk my life on the basis of your words alone. I feel that if I can talk to him face to face, confront him, I will know what course I should take. When that is done, I will consider your proposal.”
“Don’t let her do this,” Keda said, addressing Vanta. “We are talking about the fates of two entire planets. Of my home, Charos, of my family, of all our families.” He looked at Laria. “You must see the reality of the position. You must know in your heart of hearts that Charos is enslaved, is ruled over by corrupt tyranny. You must still have within you that young woman who read the words of the great philosophers and dissidents and questioned what was being done. You must remember how we were cruelly parted, how dreams are turned to dust and blown away by the brutality of those who hold sway over us. You are being called to make a stand for freedom. I beg of you to answer that call.” 
“As I say,” Laria said. “I hear your words, but I will know what path to take if I can just talk to Tarka. Then if you come back on the next Akanta, I will give you my decision.”
Vanta shook his head once more. “It can’t be done I’m afraid. If you speak to Tarka he will realise our plan and he has the ear of Strahger and Sa Tahgus.”
“I cannot speak to that,” Laria said. “But that is my decision. I must be satisfied in my own mind of the truth of what you say.”
Vanta and Keda were silent for a moment, then Vanta leaned forward a little in his seat and clasped his hands together. “Very well,” he said. “We will let you speak to Tarka Morvo if that is what it takes to convince you. However, it must be now. We cannot wait until the next Akanta. If you question him he will know you know of what they have planned for Earth, the Space Programme and indeed all of Charos. We will take you to him immediately. We have a secure vehicle which is parked in the street below. We will all three of us drive to Tarka’s house and you can question him while Keda and I wait outside. However, if you decide to join us, to take the flight that destiny calls you to, you will have to come with us and abandon your old life at once. Today. But when you question Tarka you must not let him know what has happened to the Magla Drados, what we have planned for the Maro. The fate of two worlds depends on your discretion.”
Laria sat silent for a few moments, considering these words. Could it really be so simple? Could her life really be blown apart so easily? Would she really have to abandon her world without preparation, without meditation on the consequences, all based on the words of an old flame and a man she had just met? She felt as if she had just been told a close friend had died, or that some terrible accident had befallen her parents. But amidst the shock, she had a feeling that nothing would be the same, that indeed her confrontation with Tarka could change her life in a heartbeat. She wanted to tell her two visitors to leave, to never accost her again, to close the door on them and return to her steady life with the satisfactions of its discoveries and achievements. Surely she was so small and the world so large, how could she be caught up in such machinations, events of such magnitude? She took a deep breath and tried to clear her mind.
“Very well,” she said. “I accept your terms. If Tarka’s words do not satisfy me, you will have my co-operation. But let us go at once, before I change my mind.”
*
Laria stood outside the door of Tarka Morvo’s well appointed and landscaped house, breathing steadily through her pollution mask and pressed the chime control once more. She had not been to his place during the daytime and even in the muddy light cast by the filter of the yellowish-brown haze, she could see how luxurious it was. There was a fountain in the centre of the carefully tended gardens, large bronze statues of various mythical characters from Tolmaran legends, an indulgence that was popular amongst the wealthier households over recent years. Tall Raining Trees stood close to the fence that separated the house from the road, their leaves falling downwards like soft green water. In all, the gardens and features looked well tended and opulent. Laria was considering, in her state of agitation, whether to press the chime again and telling herself she must appear calm, when the door slid open and there stood Tarka.
“Why Laria,” he said. “What brings you here so unexpectedly? Is there some kind of problem? Something wrong at the Space Programme? Shouldn’t you be at home enjoying the Akanta?”
“I’m sorry to disturb you on your day off,” Laria said, working hard to keep her voice calm and level through the muffling of the mask. “But if I could just speak to you for a few minutes, there’s something I need to discuss with you that couldn’t wait until our return to work.”
“Something to do with the Space Research Centre? Or is it something personal?”
“It is to do with the Space Programme, yes, but also something a little personal. Only in so far as it concerns my work, our work.”
“Well ... you’d better come in. I’ll be glad to be of assistance in any way I can. I’m only too happy to have people in the collective share their troubles with me.”
Tarka stood to one side and waved Laria through the door. They walked through the roomy house and Laria found herself once more in the comfortable living room of Tarka and Crali, where she had attended the dinner party just a few weeks before, a time that seemed an eternity ago now that her world was seemingly being turned upside down. She took off her mask and tried to steady her breathing.
“Do sit down,” Tarka said. “I’m sorry to say, Crali is visiting a friend and will not be back for some time. She will be sorry she missed you. Could I get you a glass of Agali wine, or is it too early in the day for you?”
“No. It’s fine,” Laria said, sitting down in one of the lounge cushions. “I don’t need anything to drink. It’s better if I get straight to the point.” Tarka nodded and then sat down in a large, ornate cushion, opposite Laria. 
“Feel free to speak your mind,” he said. “And rest assured, everything you say I will regard as being in confidence.”
Laria steadied herself and tried to remain calm. She clasped her hands together and looked Tarka in the eye. “I just have some questions about aspects of the Space Programme. I’m sure it’s nothing to really worry about, but I just need to put my mind at ease.”
“That’s fine. What did you want to know?”
“Well ... for instance ... how much say does the military have in what we do? To what extent are we beholden to them?”
“The military? Well ... you know that some of our budget comes from the military. That the probes to Earth carry surveillance equipment ... radar, cameras, infra red, that sort of thing. To be honest, without the supplement from the military budget Sa Intrium Mantah approves ever year, it’s doubtful we would be as far ahead as we are.”
“I see ... and that is the extent of their involvement? There is no agenda to militarise the Lieth Ah Domah project?”
“That depends on what you define as militarisation. As I said, much of the krela we needed for the Magla Drados and indeed for the Maro comes from a military budget supplement. But why this concern with the military? Are you becoming a pacifist?” Tarka smiled a faint smile.
“No, it is not a case of pacifism. The truth is ... I have heard rumours. Rumours that Creto Strahger has plans for Earth. That in fact he is considering the military conquest of  the planet. That he and The Council intend to make war on Earth, seize it and rule over it. That there are to be constructed in orbit above Charos, fifty great ships, all using the Breath of God drive. That these ships will be armed with nuclear and conventional weapons and that some of them will be armed with a biological weapon, a virus, which is to be inflicted on the general populations of Earth. And it is our faster than light capability, our discoveries and achievements, that is to make it all possible.”
Laria watched Tarka’s reaction to this statement with interest. The blood drained from his face and he looked pale. His lips pressed tightly together. He nodded his head a little and managed a tight smile, but he seemed to be fighting for self control.
“I can assure you Laria,” he said at last. “That the Lieth Ah Domah project is for the betterment of Charos. What Strahger and The Council decree and plan is outside of my influence. You must tell me where these rumours come from, but first, let me just make a quick private call which cannot wait, and we will discuss this matter in more depth. Bear with me for a few moments.” So saying, he picked up his portable viewer and communicator which was on the table in front of him, stood up and walked out of the room down one of the hallways. Laria, without thinking, waited a few seconds then stood and walked on tip toes down the hallway. She came to a door and pressed her ear against it. She could hear Tarka’s side of the portable viewer conversation in the next room.
“I’m telling you, she knows,” he was saying to an unknown listener. “Yes ... everything ... the fifty ships, the nuclear bombardment, the virus ... there can be no doubt ... there is a major security leak, someone has gotten to her ... yes, you are right, it looks like the work of Sa Domari ... no ... I don’t think she suspects me, she wants my help and advice ... all right, yes, I’ll do that ... I’ll keep her talking until you can get here. But make it fast. We cannot let this information go any further ... very well ... yes. I will. Ar nosa.”
Laria turned and almost ran down the hallway, back into the lounge and she was sitting in the cushion she had previously occupied when Tarka came back into the room.
“Sorry to have kept you waiting,” Tarka said, sitting back down on his cushion and placing his portable viewer back on the table, his usual steady demeanour having seemingly been restored. “But I am most concerned about what you have told me today.  What you have revealed is a serious matter. We cannot have people spreading disinformation about the Space Programme and upsetting anyone in the collective. You must tell me immediately who it is that has told you these things so that they can be brought to the attention of the appropriate authorities. What is their name and how did they approach you?”
Laria stood up. She had seen and heard all she needed to know. “I cannot give you their name,” she said. “It was not someone I knew well. Suffice to say, you have put my mind to rest. I will not let such rumours trouble me anymore. I will take my leave now and let you get on with the Akanta.”
Tarka also stood up. A dark cloud of emotion crossed his face. He looked angry. “But I cannot let you leave just like that,” he said. “You have revealed what may be a serious security breach for the Space Programme. Someone seeks to cause us trouble. We must root out the source of this misinformation immediately. You must tell me everything, every detail.”
“I really cannot stay,” Laria said. “Thank you once again for the reassurance. Ar nosa.” So saying, she turned and walked out of the room, leaving Tarka just standing there. She did not pause or look back but walked through the house and fortunately the front door slid open at her approach and was not on a security setting. She walked through the garden, rapidly putting on her mask against the bitter, acrid air, out into the street and in a few moments was clambering into the vehicle where Keda and Vanta sat waiting.
“Well?” said Vanta, across from her in the passengers’ seat, with Keda at the controls. “You were not in there very long. Did you get the answers you were hoping for?”
“Not the answers I was hoping for. That you were wrong and all was well with my world. Tarka lied to me. Straight to my face. You were right. He claims to know nothing but I overheard him talking to someone about my revelations and I know that he is lying. He has betrayed me and betrayed the ethos of the Space Programme. They have taken our discoveries and turned them into something evil. I can never go back there again. Everything is changed. I must consider my options, I am feeling overwhelmed and need time to reflect. I will return to my apartments and think of a plan.”
“Not a possibility I’m afraid,” Vanta said. “Tarka will be talking to Sa Tahgus even as we speak. By the time we got to your apartment they would be waiting for you.”
“Then what am I to do? My life is unravelling. I cannot go back to the Space Research Centre, I cannot go home. What is left?”
“The answer is simple,” Vanta said. “Come with us now. We will take you to our headquarters in the deserted part of Strahgervand and we will provide your every need, protect you. You are right, you cannot go home. Not now, not ever. But you can go forward. Forward to your destiny. Join with us and become part of the crew of the Maro. Make the flight to Earth and live out the true ethos of your calling as a scientist. Be one of the first to make contact with an alien species. Be part of the struggle to thwart Strahger, to save Earth and in the process save our home, our Charos.”
Laria was silent for a moment, considering these words and all that she had learnt. She realised Vanta was right. She had crossed a barrier, into forbidden knowledge and she could not unlearn it. Her mind began to clear, she saw that already she was a fugitive, that there was no return to her old life and she seemed to feel something calling her, something ancient and deep, something echoing out of the stars themselves. She made up her mind.
“Very well,” she said. “I will join with you in your cause. I will take the trip to Earth, though I don’t see how it’s possible. But let us go now, before I have time for doubt and fear.”
Vanta smiled and nodded his head. “You have chosen wisely,” he said. “And we have great faith in you. I’m sure it is not misplaced. But to practical matters. Start driving Keda, Laria’s image will be programmed into every facial recognition camera in the city sooner rather than later. We must reach safer shores lest our quest be over before it is begun. Drive my friend, drive.” 
___ ___ ___

The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Eight

Alvo lay on the bed of his cell and thought once more how much he regretted smearing the reputation of Viana. He told himself it was all he could think of at the time to avoid another dose of that damnable pain Cap. He would rather not have brought her memory into proceedings but was not sure he could have withstood another session of torture. To blame Viana for his so called crimes was all he could summon up, and it was still his hope that he would be treated as a mere criminal, and not a political activist, a rebel. He hoped they would lose interest in him if they did not suspect he was Sa Domari. 
He was worried about how much he knew, knowledge that could undo much of Sa Domari’s progress over the years. Worst of all, he knew the details of the sabotage of the Magla Drados and the Sa Domari plan to replace the crew of the Maro with Vanta, the virologist and the Space Programme expert, Laria Praxi. He knew of the plan to establish first contact with the peoples of Earth, to reach out and touch another race in the void, not with the weapons of war, but with the hand of peace. 
He told himself he must stick to his story of being misled by Viana, of being motivated by ill-intent and greed for krela. If he could hold out for another eight days, that would give time for the Maro to be launched with its Sa Domari crew on board. Once it was on its way, there would be no means for those left behind on Charos to stop or recall it. If it successfully made the journey to Earth, the scientists and authorities there would have the guidance of three experts from Charos, giving Earth time to prepare a defence. Strahger then would have a whole world against him. Once that was done, Alvo thought, his own fate was of no great importance. True he could give much away, but Sa Domari would be aware of what he knew and could take action to protect themselves, what he could reveal, beyond the plan to take the Maro and contact Earth, could be guarded against. Just as he was thinking along these lines, he heard movement outside his cell door. The cell door slid open and a tall, thin man, of about eighty or ninety years, dressed in a regulation Sa Tahgus silda suit, stepped inside carrying what looked like a food container and a bottle.
“I have brought you food and water,” the man said in a somewhat rough sounding voice. “Here. Take it. There are plastic utensils for you to eat with on the tray.” Alvo sat up and took the tray, resting it on his lap. The Sa Tahgus officer turned and poked his head out of the doorway, looking for something. Then he used a digital key to close the cell door and turned and looked at Alvo. 
“I have a message for you,” the officer said. “I bring word from Sa Domari.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Alvo said, suddenly on his guard. “I have nothing to do with Sa Domari.”
The officer gave a slight smile. “You are right to be cautious,” he said, pointing to the camera. “The walls themselves are eyes and ears to Sa Tahgus. But my tongue is straight. I am employed by Sa Tahgus to bring food and clean out cells and the such like. But my loyalty is to Sa Domari. The camera has been hacked and is being fed a fake feed for the next ten minutes or so, showing you alone in your cell. But let us get to the point, before they miss me. You are going to be broken out of this prison. It has been decided at the highest level that what you know cannot be allowed to fall into the hands of Sa Tahgus and their masters. Tomorrow, a contingent of Sa Domari, dressed as Sa Tahgus officers, will come to the prison and they will get you released into their custody as a prisoner who is due to be transferred to the Sa Tahgus prison in Kragarvand.”
“But surely that’s not possible,” Alvo said. “The guards will simply recognise me and stop them.”
“Not so. The Sa Domari operatives will be bringing with them a specially designed silicon face, artificial fingerprints and artificial retinal contact lenses. The camera in your cell will be sending a false feed while you don the disguise. At the same time, the Sa Tahgus computer system here will have been hacked into and reprogrammed so that you will be registered as a prisoner due to make the transfer to Kragarvand. You will simply put on the disguise and walk out of here.”
“You make it sound very simple,” Alvo said. “Won’t they suspect when they find I’m gone?”
“Once they come to your cell to take you for further interrogation and find you gone, the ruse will be discovered. But by then, you and the other Sa Domari operatives will be safely out of the city. The silicon face is good enough to fool even the most accurate of facial recognition software and will stand up to casual scrutiny by anyone who gets close enough. The artificial fingerprints and retinal contacts are similarly effective. We have been using them for some time without discovery so far.”
“It all sounds almost too good to be true,” Alvo said. “But I am grateful. I do not relish another encounter with the pain Cap.”
The officer gave a grim smile. “Even Sa Tahgus learns new tricks. But you should be glad you are to be freed. Sa Domari have never dared such a rescue before. There must be a lot at stake to stage such a gamble. You have done well to guard your tongue so far. But for now, eat something and get some rest. I must go, before suspicions are aroused. I hope all goes well tomorrow and Sa Tahgus’s claws loosen enough for you to escape. Ar nosa my friend. Go with hope.” So saying, the officer turned and opened the cell door, stepped out and the cell door slid closed behind him.
Alvo sat for a moment and considered this turn of events. It crossed his mind that the Sa Tahgus officer and the plan to release him could be a trick, and that he had now given the game away and confirmed to those watching that he was indeed Sa Domari. However, he felt the sense of despair he had been feeling lift off him somewhat and he let himself dare to hope that indeed he was going to be rescued. Of course, if successful, his freedom from the prison meant he could never go back to his old life. His job at Sa Intrium Dra was over, all  those people he had worked with, all the stories he had covered, all the subterfuge he had engaged in, all over and done with. He would become like Vanta and the other Sa Domari operatives who had no official identity, who lived off the grid of computers and cameras, of krela accounts and official records. He would become whatever identity was chosen for him on that particular day, outwitting facial recognition cameras, official checkpoints and border controls, a man with a multitude of names and occupations. He could never go back to his apartment and retrieve his possessions and memories, he would begin a new life in the shadows of society, in the deserted streets and buildings, only his name would remain to those who knew him best, to those who shared his cause, a free Charos. While he thought through these things he found he was a little hungry. He opened  the food container and revealed a meagre meal of Epah meat with some listless looking vegetables. The Epah meat was not cooked in Olkah oil as was usual, but appeared to have been well boiled. It sat in a thin lake of gravy and Alvo thought, if he was not released tomorrow, he would do well to get used to such a diet. However, his hunger got the better of him and he set to and ate the entire meal, washing it down with the bottle of water. Feeling a little better for having eaten something, he lay down on his bed and closed his eyes, allowing himself once more just a tiny grain of hope, that tomorrow, against the odds, he would walk out of the prison and into his new life and for him, the battle would go on.
*
The next morning Alvo awoke from a disturbed and restless sleep. He looked about him a little bewildered at first, wondering for a few moments where he was. Then it all came back to him, the arrest, the interrogation, the pain Cap and lastly, the Sa Tahgus guard secretly working for Sa Domari who had given him hope for freedom. He stood up, stretched, then relieved himself in the stainless steel toilet. He stood still and listened, but he could hear nothing except the humming of the lights behind the ceiling panel which had remained on all night. He had no portable viewer so could not check the time, no window to see out of to assess the time of day. He sat down on the bed and resolved to stay calm, summoning up the courage he would need to play his part in the performance. Finally, after what he estimated was about one tiah, he could hear voices in the corridor outside his cell. Was this the moment he thought? His heart began to speed up, he took a few deep breaths and willed himself to be calm.
The cell door slid open and two men dressed in the standard grey and black silda suits of Sa Tahgus entered. The cell door slid closed behind them. They were both clean cut and with short hair, one tall, thin and wiry, the other well built and broad shouldered. The tall thin one looked Alvo in the eye.
“We will not waste time on pleasantries,” he said. “Suffice to say we are Sa Domari and we’re her to get you out. We have about thirty minutes with the camera in this cell being hacked and a false feed sent to the prison control room. Do you know what is expected of you?”
“I have some idea,” Alvo said. “Something about a silicon face, false fingerprints and retinal contact lenses. That you’re taking me out as a prisoner due for transfer to Kragarvand.”
“Good. That about sums it up,” the thin man said. 
“But aren’t there any Sa Tahgus officers with you?” Alvo said. “Won’t they suspect you?”
“Fortunately there are about thirty to forty transfers a day between here and prisons in Kragarvand and Seloria,” the thin man said. “It is common practice for Sa Tahgus personnel from those prisons to retrieve and escort the prisoners themselves. Each of them has one of these.” He held up a small digital key. “It will open most cells in any Tolmaran prison. As to knowing our way around the prison, Sa Domari has detailed plans of all Charos’s prisons. We found your cell easily enough. But there will be two security checks before we are home free. The first is at the exit to this wing of the prison. They will scan your fingerprints, your retinas and your face. Their computer has been reprogrammed to accept that you are a prisoner due for transfer to Kragarvand. But try not to say anything. It’s not likely that they’d recognise your voice but we don’t want to give them that opportunity. The second check will be at the main gate, at the guardhouse. There are two Sa Tahgus personnel on duty there and the gate is guarded by two armed robots, controlled from inside the guardhouse. Once again they’ll check your fingerprints, retinas and face. Once that’s done, the gates will be opened and we’ll simply walk out. We have a vehicle disguised as a Sa Tahgus car waiting. Anyway ... to business.” He half opened the jacket of his silda suit and withdrew what looked like a crumpled up piece of leathery plastic. 
“We’ll put this on first,” he said and unfolded the ungainly looking plastic so that Alvo could see it was a mask, the colour of his own swarthy skin. The thin man lifted it up and in one motion placed it over Alvo’s face. 
“It has natural adherence properties,” the thin man said. “It doesn’t need any glue or other means of attachment. It feels a little itchy and uncomfortable at first, but that will wear off in about ten minutes and then you’re good to go for about twenty tiah before the mask needs to be replaced. Now for the rest.” He nodded to his well built companion and the man opened his silda suit jacket and withdrew a thin grey plastic case. 
The thin man took the case and opened it. “First the fingerprints,” he said. “Hold out your hands palms up.” Alvo complied and the thin man took out of the case what looked like a small sliver of transparent plastic. He placed it on Alvo’s index finger, and like the mask, it adhered and could not be distinguished from the flesh of the rest of the hand. The thin man repeated the process for all ten of Alvo’s fingers and then the thin man leaned forward and looked over his handiwork. 
“They have taken very well,” he said. “Now for the final touch.” He reached into the plastic case again and on the end of his finger was a tiny contact lens. “Just tilt your head up for a moment,” the man said, and he deftly placed the lens on Alvo’s left eye. Then he reached into the case again. “Now for the right,” he said, and placed the lens onto Alvo’s right eye. Then he stepped back.
“So how does it feel?”  the thin man said.
“A little itchy about the face as you said,” Alvo said. “It’s not too bad. But my right eye feels a little scratchy. Is the lens in properly?”
“Let me check,” said the thin man and he leaned in close to Alvo, examining his right eye. “Gah Domah!” he muttered.
“Is there a problem?” Alvo said.
“I don’t know how much of a problem,” the thin man said. “The lens appears to be cracked. It might make it hard to read by the scanner, or it might be all right. Anyway, that is all we can do. Our time runs out. We must make our move. All set? Right. Just remain calm, steady your nerves. We have had much success with our disguises and in a few minutes we will be driving away from the prison and Sa Tahgus. Let us go then, to freedom and the future.” 
He turned and placed the digital key against the pad by the door and the door slid open. The three of them stepped out into the corridor and  closed the cell door behind them.  Alvo walked in the middle of the two false guards, feeling tense and anxious, conspicuous in the mask he was wearing, feeling like someone should surely notice the contact lenses and fingerprints. They walked to the elevator and when it arrived they got in. Already in the elevator were two Sa Tahgus officers. Alvo felt anxiety once more, but the two officers, a man and a woman, both merely glanced at him and his supposed captors. This gave Alvo a sense of confidence. If they were deceived, surely the checkpoints would be no problem? The elevator reached the ground floor and the Sa Tahgus officers stepped out without so much as a glance at Alvo and his companions. They too stepped out and walked down a long corridor, passing several Sa Tahgus personnel and one or two other prisoners being escorted. They made a left turn at the end of the corridor, and there it was, the security checkpoint and the door that would hopefully open to freedom. The three of them marched up to the window of the checkpoint and the thin man confidently proffered a digital card to a slot in the window. A plump Sa Tahgus officer took the card and placed it into a viewer that was beside the window.
“Off  to Kragarvand I see,” he said in a gravelly voice. “By the look of this one’s record, we’re well rid of him. I hope he isn’t giving you any trouble.”
“Don’t worry about that,” the thin man said. “We’ll give him a taste of the electric prod if he so much as thinks about it.”
The plump guard gave a chuckle. “Well, I hope the weather is better for you in Kragarvand. The pollution here has been bad in recent days. Anyway ... your details check out okay. Just the identity formalities. If your man steps forward to the scanner.”
“Step forward,” the thin man said to Alvo in a commanding voice. “Face the camera and place your hands on the pad you see in front of you.”
Alvo  stepped forward and looked directly into a camera that was placed looking out of the checkpoint window. At the same time he placed his hands on the pad indicated. The plump guard concentrated on his viewer as he did this. All seemed to be going well, when there was suddenly the sound of an alarm and the flashing of a red light coming from the viewer. 
“That’s strange,” the plump guard said. “There seems to be a negative  reading on the right eye retinal scan ... that’s the damndest thing ...” At that moment the alarm stopped and  the red light ceased flashing. “Oh ... that’s it,” said the plump guard. “It’s recognised your man. Blasted thing must be playing up. I’ll have to get the boffins to have a look at it.”
“So much for technology, eh?” said the thin man. “Better to trust the boot and the fist.”
The plump guard chuckled again and handed the digital card back to the thin man. “You’re right about that,” he said. “Anyway, ar nosa, you’re good to go. Have a good drive.”
“Thanks friend,” said the thin man and he grasped Alvo by the arm. “Let’s go,” he said. “We’ve got a long drive ahead.” 
The three of them turned and walked to the thick metal door. They paused for a moment and then the door slid open and they passed through. Alvo felt a sense of elation. It was working! Despite the alarm from the damaged contact lens, the Sa Tahgus jailer suspected nothing. They were now outside in the prison courtyard and there was a pollution haze blotting out the sky, the air had an acrid taste. Ahead Alvo could see the guardhouse and the two robot sentries which had metal legs, a metal torso, cameras for eyes and machine guns built into their arms. They marched the short distance to the guardhouse without saying anything and then stopped before another window. Inside the guardhouse were two Sa Tahgus men who seemed pre-occupied with their viewers and their control panels.
“Ah tah,” the thin man said. “Got a lively one here who’s going for a little holiday in Kragarvand.”
“Ah tah,” said the Sa Tahgus officer closest to the window. “Just bring your man forward and put his hands on the pad and get him to look into the camera. Do you have the transfer details?”
The thin man proffered the digital card he had used earlier through the slot in the window and the guard took it and plugged it into his viewer. 
“Step up to the window,” the thin man said to Alvo. “Place your hands on the pad and look into the camera just like you did before. Look sharp about it.” 
Alvo stepped forward and placed his hands palms down on the scanner and looked into the camera. Suddenly, there was the sound of an alarm again and a red light flashing from the viewer. Alvo wanted to turn and run but despite the anxiety he held his ground.
“There seems to be something wrong with the right hand eye scan,” the Sa Tahgus guard said. At that moment, the alarm switched off as suddenly as it had started, just as it had at he first checkpoint. “Oh, it’s recognised him now. It doesn’t make any sense. The left eye’s fine, the fingerprints match, the facial recognition is fine ... I wonder ...”
“Well that’s good enough isn’t it?” the thin man said. “We’re sure we’ve got the right man. There must be a glitch in your system.”
“I don’t know about that,” the guard said. “It’s been working fine the rest of the time. I wonder if I should run it again?”
“We’re in a bit of a hurry,” the thin man said. “We’ve got to drive eight hundred delka before the day’s end. Perhaps you need to get your equipment checked?”
“Could be ...” the guard said. “Oh well. Your transfer details are in order, he’s obviously the right man. It’s the strangest thing ... I’ve never come across such a malfunction before.”
“Yes it does seem unusual,” the thin man said. “We had no problems at the first checkpoint. If you could just open the gates ... we’ve got a schedule to keep.”
“Well ... all right,” the guard said. “I’ll have to get the technicians to give the equipment the once over. Anyway ... not your problem as they say. Ar nosa brothers. Have a safe drive.” So saying, he pressed a switch on his control panel and the gates began to open. Alvo’s heart began to beat fast. This was it! He was really going to escape. The three of them turned and began to walk towards  the slowly opening gates. Just when Alvo thought he was safe, that the ruse had worked, there came a shout from behind them.
“Stop that prisoner!” said the voice. “He’s escaping! Shut the gates!” The three of them looked over their shoulders. A half dozen Sa Tahgus guards were running across the courtyard towards them with their guns drawn.
“Run for it!” shouted the thin man and they began to run the fifty or so metres to the gates. At that moment there came the stutter of machine gun fire and Alvo saw the dust kick up around him and heard the bullets as they whined past his ears. He looked back for a moment and saw the gunfire was coming from the two robots. His two Sa Domari companions both fell at the same time, cut down by the gunfire. Alvo was almost at the gate, but he knew it was no use to resist further. He stopped and held his hands up, surrendering. The robots stopped firing and the Sa Tahgus officers rushed up and grabbed him roughly by the arms. In a few moments they had marched him back into the prison, through the corridors and back into a cell. 
*
Laria sat in the conference room of the Sa Domari headquarters in the unpopulated sector of Strahgervand. She was listening to the audio of the digital card Vanta had presented her with and it confirmed for her all her worst fears. It was a conversation principally between Creto Strahger and his Defence chief, Crassian Hargan. They were openly discussing the use of tactical nuclear weapons against the military facilities and bases of Earth, speculating on how many warheads would be required per spacecraft to deal a decisive blow against Earth’s defences. Then they talked of how many troops and their equipment would be needed  for the initial invasion, considering that most of Earth’s population would have died within a couple of weeks from the viral infection. Laria thought with a little bitterness and a sense of disquiet how calmly they talked over the subjugation of an entire planet and the extermination of  its inhabitants.
The conversation was about half a tiah long and at the end of it she felt rather depressed. She also felt a sense of growing anger at having been deceived for so many years, for having been an integral part of  the plan to subdue Earth, her work on the Lieth Ah Domah project contributing to Strahger’s imperious dreams. She sat back in her chair and considered all that had happened to lead to her being ensconced in a Sa Domari headquarters in the wilds of Strahgervand and being turned towards rebellion against a system she had been part of and had previously accepted as an unjust, but unchallengeable reality. 
She thought back to her student days, to the nights when she and Keda had been lovers. To the dissident writers and poets such as Seetha Crado, Cramos Karak and Silah Diosa that she had clandestinely read in those far off, naive days, to the discussions with Keda and the other students about all that was wrong with Charos, their criticisms of Sa Jatah, Sa Tahgus, Sa Intrium Mantah and of course the man who held it all together in his unyielding grasp, Strahger himself. She remembered again the painful day she and Keda went their separate ways, the two of them a mere detail in the grand scheme of the forces that moulded Charos. She thought of the night she had attended the dinner party at Tarka Morvo’s, when afterwards she had seen the young man on the receiving end of a flailing Sa Tahgus baton, the night the food transporters were attacked in what she now realised was a Sa Domari operation. She thought of her parents and the day of the Great Festival when their names and so many others had been broadcast to the world calling for an end to the death penalty. 
She recalled her father’s words on that day, that insurrection was building from the ground up on Charos, that Sa Jatah had become “something of a self serving beast”, dominated by the Great Families, ruling Charos “for the benefit of its members only, instead of as claimed in the Great Charter, for all”. She saw now that he was right, that things were “astir in the great cities all around the world”. That there were those whose “lives were blighted by poverty and lack of opportunity, though Sa Jatah and Strahger claimed all were cared for”. She recalled her lunch with Keda, which now seemed to her part of her destiny, steering her towards her present course. How she had felt in her youth as Keda had felt, that the people of Charos should have the right to elect their leaders, that there should be one person, one vote, true representation, that the age of Creto Strahger and his father, Kragar Strahger, should be forced to draw to a close and a new age, a new Great Charter, forged in true freedom should govern and guide Charos. Just as she was thinking on these things, the door to the conference room slid open and Vanta accompanied by a man she did not recognise entered.
“Ar nosa,” Vanta said. “Did you listen to the recording?”
“I did,” Laria said. “It has chilled my bones as they say.”
“Not pleasant, is it?” Vanta said. “To hear of destruction on a planetary scale and indeed of genocide, discussed in such a casual fashion. It gives you an idea of what we’re up against. Anyway ... let me introduce you to my companion. This is Danah Maygor, a man of many talents and great expertise. He is a microbiologist and virologist. He will be the third member of the crew of the Maro. Like you he is giving up all he has known to travel to Earth, to bring them the knowledge Charos has developed in his field. Knowledge that may save many unsuspecting lives and indeed turn the course of our two worlds’ histories.”
“Ar nosa,” Danah said in a deep and somewhat mellow voice and he clasped his hands together and gave a slight bow.
“ Ar nosa,” Laria replied, also bowing slightly and she looked with interest at this newcomer. He was dressed in a light grey silda suit with red stripes down the arms. He looked to be about in his mid to late forties with a prominent brow and his large brown eyes looked steadily into her own. He was tall and of a trim build and he gave a hesitant smile as Laria looked him up and down. He had a faint shadow of stubble around his cheeks and chin and Laria thought to herself he had attractive features and looked healthy.
 “I will leave you two to talk,” Vanta said. “I have to contact the Sa Domari hierarchy and let them know our status. They will be pleased to know the two of you are on board and safe from Sa Tahgus.” So saying her turned and left the room.
“Do sit down and let us get acquainted,” Laria said with a smile. Danah returned the smile and sat down at the table opposite her. “They are very persuasive, these Sa Domari, are they not?” Laria went on. “This morning I was happily watching a game of Holusa in my own apartment and this afternoon I am soon to embark on an interstellar journey to try and prevent interplanetary war.”
Danah gave a soft laugh. “You are on the mark,” he said. “I too had other plans for today, and indeed for my life.”
“So what brings you to this course? To be part of Sa Domari?”
“Well ... it was not something that happened overnight. I see now I was steering in this direction for many years.”
“And whereabouts did you work? Where did you study?”
“I studied at Sa Intrius Ket in Kragarvand. I was recruited from there to work at a laboratory under the auspices of Sa Intrium Drakah. I suppose I was young and naive. It was more than a decade before I  realised the Science Council was not really running things. That the research and experiments we were doing were really for the benefit of the military. That I was part of a regime that was using my knowledge and talents to create weapons of war.”
“I see ... I too have discovered that my scientific principles were being warped to a deadly end. It is not easy to see one’s life’s work turned to the purposes of evil. What were you working on when they recruited you to this cause?”
Danah sat back in his chair as if Laria had said something offensive. His face went a little pale and his lips were pressed tight. He looked away from Laria’s eyes and was silent for what seemed an age, his gaze fixed as if he was looking far in the distance.
“I’m sorry,” Laria said, fearing she had caused offence. “Was it something secret you were involved with? Something you can’t talk about?” Danah gave something of a wan smile, he nodded his head slowly and then finally turned back and looked intently at Laria.
“It was indeed a secret,” he said. “A secret from the people of Charos, so that they might never find out what their masters had planned.”
“I see ... well, if you don’t wish to talk about it, I will understand. Much of the work I did at the Space Research Centre was often highly classified. As you no doubt know, news of the Lieth Ah Domah faster than light project has still not been revealed to Sa Desia. I suppose the   secrecy is just one more way Strahger and The Council hold The People in thrall.”
“Perhaps it is better if there are no secrets between us,” Danah said. “After all we are going to be companions on what is destined to be the most extraordinary journey in the history of Charos. If I hesitate to speak, it is only through long habit, of concealing the nature of my work from my fellow citizens. In fact, I carry with me a sense of regret and indeed shame. I do not wish to burden you with my misgivings and doubts, with my troubled conscience.”
“Don’t fear that it will be a burden to me. What you say is true. We are going on one of the most significant journeys of all time, we should know each other’s strengths and weaknesses. We should forge our alliance in the full knowledge of who and what we are, indeed what Charos has made us. Your words will not cross my tongue to another’s ears if you so desire.”
“I hear what you say and I agree. Let us be open with each other right from the start. It’s just that my work ... well, it was not what you might call an honourable profession.”
“You mean the virus? The virus Strahger intends to unleash upon the Earth?”
“Yes ... I don’t mean to dissemble ... but much of my work and discoveries led to the successful creation of the virus. It did not happen immediately, it began by simply researching the physiology and susceptibilities of the human population. Studying whatever we could learn from the probes being sent to Earth. As it turned out, it was not that difficult to evolve a virus that we believed would be effective against the peoples of Earth. However, that virus was tested ... tested on ...” here Danah stopped speaking, a look of anguish came onto his face and he seemed to be struggling for words.
“If it is too personal or painful to talk about we can always wait until we know each other better,”  Laria said with a soft smile.
“No ...” Danah said, taking in a deep breath and seeming to gather himself. He looked Laria in the eye. “You should know who your are travelling with, what I have been involved in. The virus was tested on Charos political prisoners and common criminals alike. I watched ... I saw ... hundreds die before we found the right formula for the vaccine. They died terrible deaths ... terrible. I have asked myself as I lay sleepless at night, how could I have become involved in such a perversion of science? How could I have contributed to what Strahger and The Council planned to do to the citizens of Earth? I was a dedicated scientist, well thought of in my field, how could I have been so corrupted? But there we are ... I cannot deny my responsibility, I cannot ease my conscience by simply wishing to relive the past. Anyway ... thanks to Sa Domari, I got out. I am a free man once again.”
“Not only that, but you are on course to make amends for past mistakes. Once we get to Earth, your knowledge and expertise will be a great boon to the scientists there. You will be able to help the entire planet prepare and Strahger may be thwarted. If the populace of Earth does not die from the virus, they will be ready to struggle for their freedom. Their society will not collapse and they will have a fighting chance.”
“Yes ... there is truth in what you say. We cannot undo what we have done, but we can change the future. In fact I am grateful to Sa Domari for recruiting me when they did and for giving me the opportunity to travel to Earth. I may not have all the answers, but with my more advanced knowledge and the efforts of  the scientists of Earth, Strahger’s plans may well crumble.”
“You are right to think positively. I too, hope my skills and knowledge will help the scientists of Earth. Perhaps to create effective weapons against the spacecraft that will be deployed against them. Perhaps to create Earth’s own spacecraft, to take the fight to Strahger’s fleet. To fight these corrupt rulers of Charos on their own terms. You and I have had the veil lifted from our eyes. To finally know the truth of your own life and your life’s work, that you have been deceived by those that worship power and its exercise, is surely like a hot brand on the skin, the pain takes some time to go and we are left scarred. But as you say ... we can change the future. We will be emissaries of peace. Once we have  the Maro, we can reach out to the peoples of Earth in friendship, in the true spirit of those on Charos who do not worship Tokata, that ancient star once thought of as the god of war.”
“I hope you are right and that destiny smiles upon us and our quest. For myself, I want a chance at redemption. To undo as best I can the mistakes of my past. If I can help save the citizens of Earth, I believe it will go some way to ameliorating my misdeeds.”
At that moment, before Laria could reply, the door to the conference room slid open and Vanta entered. He looked worried.
“It is bad news, I’m afraid,” he said. “One of our senior operatives, Alvo Thoria, was to be freed by us from Sa Tahgus’s Strahgervand prison but the operation was a failure. The two men we sent in to get him out were killed and Alvo was recaptured. He is an old friend of mine and this is a heavy blow. But as far as it concerns our mission ... well, unfortunately, he had intimate knowledge of the sabotage of the Magla Drados and its survival and delivery to the authorities on Earth. It was he who wrote the first message to Earth carried by the craft. It is his thoughts that have often guided us in our present course. I’m sorry to say he is also well informed on the mission to take the Maro and replace its crew before it journeys to Earth. If he talks ... well, our subterfuge will founder and Strahger will once again have the advantage. 
“However, I have discussed the situation on our secure channels with the Sa Domari hierarchy in the light of this setback and they are all of one mind. That the mission should proceed, that we should continue with our plan to take the Maro in the gamble that Alvo will give nothing worthwhile away in the next eight days. Now ... I don’t know how you feel about undertaking this journey now the risk has greatly increased. It is certain that to be captured would probably mean death for us all, but only after we had been tortured for our secrets. If you now, aware of the greater risk, feel you cannot go on ... I will understand. But to reach Earth, to be the first from Charos to journey to another solar system, to the stars, to give aid to those Strahger is determined to make enemies of, to help save the Earth from catastrophe ...”
“I will take the risk,” Danah said. “I have nothing to go back to. No-one to hold me here. I have not made the vows of Sa Arva Tah with anyone. I have only my parents and a brother who will miss me. But more importantly, this is my one chance to help the people of Earth whereas before I was an agent of their destruction. I say press on. I believe we are in the right and that it is our destiny to make this voyage. You can count on me.”
“And you Laria?” Vanta said. “You are new to this course. Your fortunes have changed dramatically and you have not had a great deal of time to process your new found situation. If you have doubts ....”
“It’s true my life has been upended,” Laria said. “But I see clearly now that I have lived a life based on deception. That I have been ill-used. My loyalty is to the Goddess Science and always has been. It is her I have worshipped and dedicated my life to all these years. I will not stand by and see that cause cast into the mud and dirt because of the dreams of a tyrant. I will use my scientific knowledge for the betterment of Sa Desia, be they the peoples of Charos or the peoples of Earth. Like Danah, I have nothing to go back to and no-one to hold me here except my parents who I’m sure would be proud of me for doing the right thing. I will make the voyage and uphold my scientific ideals. But speaking of my parents ... will it be possible to talk with them one last time? To assure them I am in no danger?” 
“I’m afraid that is not a wise course of action,” Vanta said and he pulled up a chair at the head of the table and sat down. “Already they will be being watched in an effort to find your whereabouts. However, in a short time from now, once the Maro has launched, Sa Domari operatives will, in secret, approach both yours and Danah’s parents and tell them of your deeds. Perhaps also, in times to come, when Strahger and Sa Intrium Mantah have fallen and turned to dust, when Sa Jatah no longer holds sway, the peoples of Charos and peoples of Earth will know what we did and what we risked. That our journey will be marked down in history. That we did not exchange the blue skies of Charos for the blue skies of Earth in vain. Rest assured that Sa Domari will bring all its talents and will to bear for this enterprise. If we reach Earth, I cannot promise you will ever see Charos again. I cannot guarantee you we will be welcomed there. But we have a chance, a possibility to strike a deadly blow against the forces that bind Charos. To give Earth a fighting advantage and perhaps one day, freedom for Charos. For now, we must prepare. I will tell you of what we have planned.
“Tomorrow night, we will drive to another warehouse, in a reasonably secluded part of Strahgervand. There waits a cargo pod that has been fitted out with a false compartment. The three of us will take up residence in that false compartment and the pod will be transported to the Strahgervand docks and loaded onto a robot cargo ship bound for Creethum. The pod has been fitted with makeshift beds, a portable chemical toilet behind a screen, and enough food and water to last the six day voyage. It will be cramped and uncomfortable, but we will be able to exit the pod for exercise once we are at sea.
“Unfortunately, to fly to Creethum is an impossibility. The rebellion there is strong and has cost many lives. For this reason the security on the island is heavy and also due to the Space Elevator being there and of course the launch site at the top of the elevator for the Magla Drados and the Maro. Only military flights are allowed to land at Creethum’s airports. The military presence has also been increased, with a doubling of the guards since the loss of the Magla Drados. We have also learned that The Council plans to send another twenty thousand troops to Creethum in the near future. However, the main port city on the island, Malietha, is still accessible to cargo vessels. Once we have docked, our Sa Domari contacts will spirit us off the ship and we will be transported out of the city to a hideaway in the Creethum jungle.” 
“And from there?” Laria said as Vanta paused. “How do we get on board the Space Elevator, let alone onto the Maro and indeed, steal it in sight of their own eyes?”
“There is no cause for concern. Every aspect of our journey has been considered and planned for,” Vanta said. “What I have told you so far, I’m afraid will have to suffice. It is our procedure to reveal only what is necessary to achieve our operations’ goals. That way, if any of us are caught and captured, they can only give away a small measure of the plan. There are less than half a dozen Sa Domari that know the full scheme we are undertaking. I will tell you what you need to know as the operation proceeds. I’m sorry to ask you to take such a gamble with limited knowledge of the risks you will face, but it is the way we have always done things. 
“So there you have it ... I ask you to walk into the cave of the Grieja without a shield as the saying goes. We will be in great danger once we get to Creethum and our dear friend Alvo may have his tongue loosened once Sa Tahgus ply their trade. But the three of us working together may well change the course of history if we are successful. You know the risks and I am grateful for your courage in this matter. Now ... let us go and get something to eat and drink and we will discuss what is needed for each of you on the coming voyage.”

____  ___  ___

The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Nine

Alvo looked without expression at the Sa Tahgus officer sitting back in his chair and steepling his fingers together, eyeing him with a steady gaze. 
“So ... do you still want to stick to the story that you are a simple criminal with no Sa Domari connections?” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “Or do you wish to save yourself some pain and tell us the whole story without embellishments? It should be clear to you now that trouble has broken down your door and is standing over you, knife in hand. Come clean and there is the chance that you may be spared.” 
Alvo said nothing in reply and considered his new situation. He was sitting in a chair, back in the white room where the interrogation with the Verifier and the the Cap had taken place, two guards on either side of him and the same officer who had administered the torture opposite him. Next to the viewer on the table in front of him this time was more incriminating evidence. Alongside his code books, miniature cameras, dissident texts and other paraphernalia were the silicon mask that they had unceremoniously peeled off his face, the false fingerprints and the fake retinal contact lenses. Alvo thought to himself, despite the fact the tools of his trade were laid out for all to see, they still had no definitive proof that he was Sa Domari, He decided he would be stubborn. He would maintain his demeanour of the once good man who had been led astray by his love of a woman who was a criminal and involved in blackmail, theft and had a taste for power and krela. It was all he could think of in the circumstances and his eyes kept drifting to the Cap which also lay on the table, ready for use. He told himself he had only to last another seven days and then the Maro would launch. Surely he could hold to his tale for seven days?
“I swear on my grandmother’s bones, I am just a simple man who has been drawn into waters above his head,” he said. “It’s true I have broken the law and for that I am prepared  to face a justice committee and accept my fate. But I know nothing of Sa Domari. I was blinded by love and tempted by wealth and power. But I cannot enlighten you as to any rebellious cause or insurrection that might be going on in the back streets of Charos’s great cities.”
Alvo was about to continue protesting his innocence when the door to the room slid open and a tall, well built man, accompanied by two more Sa Tahgus guards entered. Alvo’s heart sank, for he recognised the figure immediately from the many times he had seen him on the Sa Intrium Dra bulletins. It was Darg Karlin, the head of Sa Tahgus and confidant of Creto Strahger himself. The Sa Tahgus officer who had been questioning Alvo leapt to his feet and raised his clenched right fist in salute. The first two officers standing each side of Alvo did the same, snapping to attention. Alvo looked with trepidation at this new threat. Karlin, taller than Alvo by a good six inches, in his mid-sixties, with a full dark beard, surveyed the scene in the room with a fierce expression and narrow darting eyes, an intelligent and cunning look on his face. He went up to the table and picked up various items, a miniature camera, a code book, the silicon face mask, then placed them back down.
“So ... how was he caught?” he said, addressing the chief Sa Tahgus officer who had been carrying out the questioning.
“The guard at the first checkpoint wasn’t happy and checked the retinal scan again once they had passed  through,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “The fake retinal contact lens he was using was cracked and there was a faint trace in the signal of another prisoner, one Alvo Thoria. They checked the camera feed which showed him still in his cell, but the diligent checkpoint guard ordered the cell checked and found him gone. They had trouble at the main gate checkpoint as well and were almost through before the robot guards shot dead the two false Sa Tahgus officers.”
“Good work,” Karlin said. “You have all done well to thwart this escape. And how goes the interrogation?”
“He still sticks to his account of a good man who was tempted by krela and a desire for status. A man led astray by an unfortunate love. He denies any connection to Sa Domari.”
“I see ...” said Karlin. He turned and looked intently at Alvo. “You are a man of mystery it would seem my friend. Do you know who I am?”
“Of course,” said Alvo. “I have seen you many times on the Dra bulletins. Although I never had the honour of interviewing you myself.”
“An honour, you say?” Karlin said. “Do you wish to curry favour with me, now you are caught in the jaws of the trap?”
“I only wish to make the situation right,” Alvo said. “I know I have done wrong and must face my punishment. I want to make amends and co-operate as fully as I can.”
“You mean by escaping?” Karlin said. “Surely that is not the action of a man who wishes to make restitution to society?”
“I was afraid,” Alvo said. “When the two Sa Tahgus impersonators turned up at my cell I could only think of saving myself. I was tempted by a desire for simple survival. I acted on instinct, I did not consider the full implications of what I was doing. But now I have had a little time to consider my position, I wish to be of service again, to set things straight.”
“So you have decided in the space of a few tiah, to renounce your life of crime and co-operate with the authorities?” Karlin said. “You no doubt now wish to give us the names of your accomplices and fellow criminals. To denounce them to the citizens of Charos. You see yourself gaining credit and saving yourself from your fate. If this is so, then give us a name. Just one name to start with, of those who led you to the path of treachery.”
“I fear I cannot give you names,” Alvo said. “If I was to name anyone they would surely have me killed. They have people in all the prisons of Charos. I would need protection ... a new identity, immunity ... perhaps then I could point you in the right direction.”
“First admit that you are Sa Domari,” Karlin said. “Tell us of your role in the organisation. In fact, I put it to you, that you are in fact a significant player in this game.”
“As I have maintained,” Alvo said. “I know nothing of importance about Sa Domari, save what I learned and heard rumoured as a senior in the Strahgervand Dra collective. That there may be such troublemakers in society is not beyond credibility, but I admit only to acting in a criminal fashion, to being led down a wrong path. I have been foolish, but I am no traitor.”
“So you fear your life would be in danger if you talked?” Karlin said. “But my friend, you must realise, your life is already on the line. This little collection of items on the table, your attempt to escape custody, your connection to those who would undermine the foundations of our society ... all of this will earn you a place in the executioners cage. Perhaps even as a star on the field of judgement on Great Festival Day. I suggest you give us a name ... just one name ... and perhaps you will yet live. What is it to be? Life, or death?”
“I wish to live, that much is true,” Alvo said. “But to name those who to my shame I fell in with, would end my life just as surely. You must see that I am bound by fear of those who would go to such trouble to free me, they will do anything to protect themselves.”
 “Yes ... and they have gone to much trouble, have they not?” Karlin said. “And you just a simple criminal. Let us consider the situation ... a digital card with classified military information on it is about to be delivered to someone at a diplomatic function here in Strahgervand. Two criminals, rob and inadvertently kill the man carrying the card and then they are later arrested and the card comes into the possession of Sa Tahgus. This card is quantum encoded. It takes Sa Tahgus and Sa Intrium Drakah working together to crack the code. You are at that diplomatic function and when all who attended are brought in for interrogation, only you fail the test of the Verifier. You are then held in custody, interrogated and what happens? An elaborate plot is hatched to set you free. This involves state of the art disguises - good enough to fool our most sophisticated recognition systems - digital cards that contained all the information needed for a fake transfer to Kragarvand. And not only that, but men who are prepared to and do indeed, die in the attempt to free you. 
“All of this adds up to organisation. To tactics and skills, knowledge that is beyond the means of the common criminal. This is the work of spies and dissidents. People with great technical knowledge and the ability to subvert and manipulate our entire security system. What is it that you know that they want to stop you from talking so badly? For surely they did not want you to talk. But they also valued your life. If as you say, your associates have agents in all our prisons, why did they not just have you killed? If you are, as you claim, a minor player in corrupt schemes, why go to so much trouble to free you?”
“I cannot answer as to the motivations of those who tried to help me escape,” Alvo said. “I can only offer the conjecture that they had some sense of loyalty, despite their criminal nature.”
“Loyalty, you say?” Karlin said. “Loyalty amongst thieves and vagabonds? And does not the Great Charter speak on this subject? What is it now? ... ‘All shall be loyal to the ah-ka, all shall serve Sa Intrium Mantah, and that loyalty and service shall be returned a thousand fold.’ To whom do you owe your loyalty my friend? Do you honour your membership of Sa Jatah? Do you respect the laws passed down by Sa Intrium Mantah? And do you acknowledge the wisdom and power of the ah-ka? Do you show him loyalty? Or have you embraced treachery and now offer your loyalty to this troublesome beast, Sa Domari, who would destroy a hundred years of progress and civilization and take us back to the time when Charos was a barbarous and divided, squabbling world? You still may have a chance to save yourself. Confess your membership of Sa Domari and give us names and information, and I promise you will live. Continue your resistance and then I’m afraid my friend, the penalty will be death.”
“I am not willing to die,” Alvo said. “But I cannot enlighten you with information about Sa Domari. As I keep telling you, I confess to being a criminal, but I know nothing of this organization. Surely you must see, that a man who is innocent would speak as I do? I wish I could offer what you seek, but I am unable to.”
“A man who is guilty would also speak as you do,” Karlin said. “I’m afraid it is clear you will not see reason. Other methods must be tried.”
The senior Sa Tahgus officer at this statement reached over and grabbed the Cap. “Let us give him another taste of Sa Tahgus technology,” he said with enthusiasm. “I will soon loosen his tongue.”
“Your dedication is to be admired,” Karlin said. “But I suspect he might continue to lead us astray despite our best efforts and the application of a certain amount of pain. No ... I have other ideas for this one. Something new must be tried. For now, take him back to his cell and let him contemplate his fate for a few tiah. I must speak with the ah-ka himself in this matter and when that is done, we will see how stubborn he remains when we get to work on him. Tomorrow is the day of  the Grand Parliament of Charos and I will be attending of course. However, late tomorrow afternoon, after the gathering, I will return and tell you what is to be done. ”
So saying, Karlin gave a nod to the two Sa Tahgus officers who had arrived with him and the three of them swept out of the room.
“Take this troublemaker back to his cell,” the senior Sa Tahgus officer said to the two remaining officers. “And make sure there are two guards on his door at all times.”
The officers obeyed, lifting Alvo by the elbows out of the chair and marching him out the door and back to his cell to await his fate.
*
Strahger turned over the final page of the speech and read to the end. He was sitting at his desk in his office at the Sa Intium Mantah towers in the late afternoon and was feeling a sense of anticipation, bordering on excitement. For the next day, he would be taking the stage at the annual Grand Parliament and giving a speech that would startle and enlighten the citizens of Charos and eventually, he hoped, change the course of the entire planet’s history. He had entrusted the writing of the speech to his loyal assistant Nilus, who sat opposite him now and waited patiently for the a ah-ka’s opinion. Strahger finished reading the speech, placed it on the desk  and sat back in his chair.
“You have excelled yourself, Nilus,” he said. “These announcements will lead to a sense of wonder amongst Sa Desia. Nothing will be quite the same on Charos after tomorrow.”
“I am glad you are pleased, ah-ka,” Nilus said. “I have tried to be balanced and have not sought to alarm The People. But with just a hint of warning of the danger. These new achievements will go down in Charos history from tomorrow unto the end of time. As you have said, it is the first step on a journey that will lead to a greater, more powerful Charos, a journey that will fulfil the destiny of Charos and the Strahger dynasty. I am just humbly pleased to have had a small part in it.”
“Destiny indeed. I feel ... as if some great intelligence were guiding us ... that all that has happened was meant to be, culminating in the new direction for Charos. Culminating in great deeds and great triumphs to come. Well done my friend, well done.” At that moment the viewer on the desk chimed and Strahger turned his attention to it. It was the security chief for the towers, calling from the ground floor.
“What is it?” said Strahger.
“I have with me Darg Karlin, who wants to come up.”
“Yes, that is fine,” Strahger said. “Send him up.”
“Very well, ah-ka,” said the security chief and the viewer went blank. Strahger and Nilus began to discuss the finer points of the speech and a few minutes later the door to the office slid open and one of Strahger’s personal bodyguards ushered in Darg Karlin and then stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him.
 “Ar tah,” Karlin said, bowing to Strahger and giving a slight nod to Nilus. “I am glad I have caught you still at the towers. I hope I am not interrupting anything?”
“Not at all,” said Strahger. “But I have been over all the security arrangements with my personal guards. They are doing all the liaison with Sa Tahgus for tomorrow’s event. I trust there are no last minute problems?”
“Nothing that would concern you, ah-ka,” Karlin said. “This year’s Grand Parliament should proceed  without a hitch. The security and policing is as efficient as ever. All of the three thousand delegates have been vetted and appraised. They know what is required of them and they are safely ensconced in their accommodations, hopefully getting ready for a good night’s sleep so they will be on form tomorrow. We are not expecting any problems of significance.”
“Then to what do we owe this visit?” Strahger said.
“I have what may be good news,” Karlin said. “In the case of the digital card being delivered to the diplomatic function that was quantum encoded that we eventually used the services of the Science Council to decode. You will recall we brought in all the guests from the function for an interrogation using a Verifier. Only one man failed the Verifier. One Alvo Thoria, a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra. But it turns out he is not quite what he seems. We found in a secret compartment in his dwelling, code books, miniature cameras, dissident literature, all the trappings of a spy. He was brought in and questioned using the Cap but gave little away. The next day, a daring rescue was attempted to try and free him from custody. Two agents impersonating Sa Tahgus officers came to get him using fake digital cards and disguises. In fact they used a disguise on Thoria that we have not previously encountered. A silicon based face mask that effectively fooled our facial recognition software. Also fake fingerprints and retinal contact lenses. However, due to the diligence of our Sa Tahgus staff the ruse was discovered just before they could pass through the main gate of the prison. The two fake Sa Tahgus prison officers were killed, but Thoria survived and is back in custody.”
 “And you think this may be part of something larger?” Strahger said.
“Indeed I do,” Karlin said. “I think our man is Sa Domari. In fact, a highly placed Sa Domari agent. In the past he had a relationship with a woman from the Kragarvand Sa Intrium Dra who was convicted for stealing information from the computer of the head of her collective. We believe she also was Sa Domari. He maintains that he is nothing more than a common criminal, led astray by his love for this woman and involved with corrupt citizens who would do anything for status and krela. He says his life will be in danger if he talks. But it is my hunch that if he is not himself a senior Sa Domari operative, he certainly knows who is. I believe this could be the chink in the armour that brings us the leaders of Sa Domari. This is a chance to strike a decisive blow against them.”
“I see,” Strahger said. “It does indeed sound as if you might have caught a Tako as tall as a man as they say. No doubt, the Cap will persuade him to talk and to try and save himself.”
“I have some thoughts in that direction,” Karlin said. “I believe this man will stick to his story of being a small player despite the tender mercies of the Cap. I further believe that he knows something that Sa Domari are desperate that he should not reveal. Something that may be happening soon. Why else would they risk so much to free him? Two men have already died to save him and our computer systems were cunningly hacked. I believe he is, as you say, a tall Tako, and can at the least point us in the right direction.
“To that end there is something I would like to try if it meets with your approval. It would be faster and more effective than the Cap in the long run. It is a drug we have had in development for some time and it is now ready for use. The drug when administered, works on the parts of the brain responsible for fact and information and at the same time on the sense of free will and inhibition. In short, he will feel as if drunk and have an overwhelming desire to tell the truth. We have experimented on other prisoners with the drug and it is has proved to be most effective. However, there is a negative element to its efficacy. The more that the subject resists, the more of the drug that is required, leading to damage to the subject’s brain and body. If too much of the drug is given, the subject will die.”
 “Intriguing ...” Strahger said. “We don’t want to kill the songbird before it has sung. But you say you have had good results with this drug so far?”
“Quite impressive results,” Karlin said. “It is simply a matter of getting them to ‘sing’ as you say, before the dose becomes too high. But my personnel are skilled in this technique already and will be able to strike the right balance, keeping our prisoner alive long enough to learn what they know. Once under the drug’s influence, there will be no more stories of being led astray by love and greed. Our man will give us names and places. Details that could take a great deal of time to elicit relying on the Cap and our more ... traditional ... methods of interrogation.”
“I see ...” Strahger said. “Then I will trust to your judgement and instincts in this matter. By all means use the drug on this miscreant. Let us learn what Sa Domari seeks to hide. I say proceed.”
“Very well, ah-ka,” Karlin said. “I will of course be occupied tonight and tomorrow with the Grand Parliament, but as soon as the assembly is over I will go to the Sa Tahgus prison and supervise the interrogation personally. I have a good feeling about this one. For now, I will take my leave and see you at the Parliament tomorrow. Ar nosa.” So saying, Karlin clasped his hands together and gave a slight bow to Strahger and a nod to Nilus and then turned and left the room.
*
The next morning, Strahger and Nilus stood expectantly in the wings of the stage of San Garah Sa Desia - The Great Hall of the People - located about a half a delka from the Sa Intrium Mantah towers. Nilus was dressed in a plain white silda suit while Strahger was dressed in a black silda suit, its only adornment the silver badge of Sa Intrium Mantah, the star crossed with a bolt of lightning. Strahger looked out across the hall which was filled with three thousand men and women, representatives from all corners of Charos. He saw the governors of all countries of Charos and their entourages and assistants, representatives from all the armed forces, prominent members of the great enterprises of Charos, from mining to temaras farming, members of the Great Families, who had interests in everything from nuclear energy to the vast silta fields on the great western plains of Altorum and Tolmara. Upon the stage were the ten members of Sa Intrium Mantah - The Council Wise - each of them seated in a large, plush red velvet upholstered chair. On the wall behind the stage was a thirty foot high Grindak, its golden wings spread wide and clutched in its talons the same symbol  that Strahger sported, the  silver star crossed with a bolt of lightning. Springing from the walls of the building, were twenty foot high hologram artworks depicting famous episodes from the history of Charos, since the time of Sa Marah - The Sorrow - the first great war between Altorum and Tolmara, to the Kreth ah Domah - the Storm of God - the final conflict that was waged between the two empires that ended in the nuclear defeat of Altorum. In the final hologram, Kragar Strahger, Creto Strahger’s father, the first to rule over all of Charos, was depicted standing over the bodies of slain enemies, a shining silver sword in his right hand, raised to the sky where great Kata and Tokata sent down rays of golden glory upon the battlefield. From the centre of the roof, hung a huge illuminated globe of Charos, in orbit around it, Jota, the moon. There was the steady hum of conversation, like the soft murmuring  of a summer’s day’s insects, there was the occasional loud laugh and the air inside the hall smelt of perfume and a faint trace of sweat. 
Around the hall were staff from Sa Intrium Dra - the Council of Information - operating movie cameras and still cameras, recording the event to posterity, and sending it out via satellite to all countries of Charos. The Grand Parliament brought most of Charos to a halt for the better part of a day and it was expected that all citizens of Charos would watch the assembly and a day off work was granted for the purpose. There had already been speeches to the delegates from all members of The Council, each taking their turn to tell what had been achieved in the past year and something of what was planned. At that moment, at the podium in the centre of the stage, standing close to half a dozen microphones, was the head of the Diplomatic Corps in Tolmara, acting as Master of Ceremonies, who addressed the crowd in a deep, booming voice.
“My fellow citizens,” he said. “We have heard today from those who dedicate their lives and their time to creating a better, more prosperous, greater Charos. They have assured us that Charos forges ahead in both word and deed, to its goal of a united world driving ever onward to its destiny of the ideal society. A world where all have what they need and want, where peace and plenty will reign unopposed, where those that seek to undermine our institutions for their own selfish motives can gain no purchase and they fall to the justice of our rulers and the will of Sa Desia. For it is The People who make Charos what it is, a planet dedicated to one purpose, the purpose of doing the bidding of our wise leaders, the bidding of Sa Jatah, Sa Intrium Mantah and of course our beloved Light of the Second Sun, the ah-ka himself, whose steady hand has guided us to ever greater glories and will continue to do so far into the future.
“But you perhaps grow restless at fine words and speeches. The day has been long and there was much to consider. So let me bring us to the highlight of this Grand Parliament, to the moment you have all been waiting for, let me introduce the man you have been waiting to see, who’s words you long to hear. My fellow citizens, I give you our great leader, The Light of our Second Sun, the ah-ka himself, Creto Strahger!”
At his last words there was the sound of ceremonial horns from the sound system, the delegates rose to their feet as one and began applauding enthusiastically as Strahger, stepped from the wings of the stage and made his way to the podium. The ten members of Sa Intrium Mantah on the stage also rose and Strahger, reaching the podium, stood looking imperious as the applause went on unabated for several minutes. At last he had had enough and he raised his hands in the air and gestured for silence. The applause faded and slowly died out.
“Please be seated,” Strahger said, his voice echoing into the hall through the Public Address system and through the efforts of Sa Intrium Dra, out to all the peoples of the world, watching at home, or gathered in eating and drinking houses, clustered around viewers in every town and every country. The three thousand delegates, with a loud rustling sound sat themselves down, and Strahger paused for a moment until there was quiet throughout the hall save for an occasional hastily stifled cough from here and there.
“You have heard today, much that can bring a sense of pride to all citizens of Charos,” Strahger said, reading his speech off a hologram monitor on the podium. “All is well on Charos. Our cities prosper and our great factories and enterprises manufacture all that Sa Desia needs or desires. In the countryside, our vast farms produce succulent meat and agricultural products that feed the belly of the great machine that is the engine of Charos. That great machine is every person on Charos, working and striving together to create a harmonious and successful society.
“Though there is a sense of unity of purpose amongst all right thinking people, I am aware that there are those who chafe at the thought of collective responsibility. They would put themselves ahead of the needs of their fellow citizens, in an effort to gain themselves wealth, status and notoriety. These selfish few must put aside their own desires and join in the striving towards a better world. They must submit themselves to the will of Sa Jatah and Sa Intrium Mantah, which is the same as the will of Sa Desia. The People are wise and know what is best for them and best for Charos. Those who deviate from the Law and fail to implement the Great Charter, must be brought to account. They cannot stand in the way of the destiny of Charos. And it is that destiny that I wish to speak of today.       
“For I must tell you, that here on Charos it is a time of great scientific discovery. First and foremost, I will you of a great wonder that our scientists have laid at our feet. They have discovered that we are not alone in this dark universe. That life, intelligent life, has been found on a nearby world. A world so close we could almost reach out and touch it.” 
A loud murmuring began amongst the delegates at these words, they turned to each other and seemed to check whether their neighbours had heard what they had heard.
“Yes ... it is hard to believe,” Strahger went on. “But I assure you it is quite true. We have discovered that we are not alone in this galaxy, that there is intelligent life. In fact, the discovery was made some time ago, and it is only now that we have studied this other inhabited planet that it was considered safe to tell The People about its existence. We have sent probes to this world and learned much about its populations, though I am sorry to say, they are not as civilized or as advanced as our own glorious world.
“The planet is called in the inhabitants’ language, Earth, and it has a population of  about eight billion. It is located in the nearest solar system to us, known in the Tolmaran language as the star system Amarkia, named after the ancient Goddess of Peace. We have studied their societies and their languages, learned about their philosophies and their somewhat primitive political systems. At first the probes we sent took more than four years to get there and then a four year wait for their data to reach us. However, a second great discovery has been made which is to be revealed to you now. Our scientists, from Sa Intrium Drakah, and the Space Programme, have been working tirelessly for many years to achieve the ultimate breakthrough in space travel. That is, the capability to travel faster than light, a possibility previously considered impossible due to the laws of physics. However, one of our great engineers, the late Magla Drados, has through his determination and effort, given our great planet the technical expertise to make a spacecraft capable of travelling faster than light.
“That spacecraft was indeed created and put to the test. In short, the craft successfully made the flight to Earth, a distance of around four light years, in only fifteen days, bringing our nearest neighbours within easy reach. On board this craft, was communications equipment using the effect of quantum entanglement to send messages in real time. The signal being sent and received simultaneously so there are no more over four year waits to gain their knowledge.
“But that is not the end of our scientific achievements. Another craft, called the Maro after our great Tolmaran philosopher of two thousand years ago, has been constructed and is ready to fly. However, there will be another great first step on its mission. It will carry three people to test the effects of faster than light travel on a crewed flight and to observe first hand the planet Earth. They will not make contact and will keep their presence a secret, but they will orbit the Earth and study it for up to five days, before returning to Charos. In all, the round trip should take thirty five days and will be the fastest and the most distant journey ever undertaken in the history of spaceflight.
“My fellow citizens, I cannot adequately put into words how my heart swells with pride when I think on these milestones. Do these wonders not display how mighty Charos really is? That our great civilization has not only discovered intelligent life in the Universe, but through our unfailing efforts created the technology that can bring this life within reach, bring knowledge and understanding of the cosmos to the greater glory of Charos. 
“However ... though I do not wish to bring tears to the celebration, as the saying goes, I must add a word of caution to the proceedings, a warning about the peoples of Earth and their possible effect on our own world. For I must tell you now, that Earth is a somewhat primitive planet and its civilization and technology many years behind our own. To establish contact with them at this stage would I feel, and The Council and The Science Council support me in this belief, be a detriment to our own civilization. We have much knowledge and skill that the people of Earth would covet should they know about it. Their own Space Programmes are, for example, backward compared with our own. They have sent a few probes to photograph and study the planets in their own solar system with relatively simple means of propulsion - they still rely on chemical fuel for their rockets and have no Space Elevators - but as yet, the possibility of interstellar flight is beyond them.
“But that is not the most serious question facing us. For as I have said, Earth is a world of many nations and beliefs and philosophies. They are not a united world as is Charos, they do not strive as one for the benefit of all. In fact they are a warlike people who have not reached a state of peaceful co-existence as have we on Charos, save for a few malcontents. No ... I’m afraid that our studies show so far that the peoples of Earth must be regarded as hostile to our own great civilization. It was only a few decades ago in their history that they fought a great World War that engulfed at least fifty three of their countries. That conflict was only brought to a halt when nuclear weapons were used on two of their cities, killing many hundreds of thousands.  Earth’s history, is one of war, atrocities and injustice. Even today, despite some futile efforts at international harmony, many armed conflicts and rebellions exist - theirs is a violent and treacherous nature. So I must say, that for now, there will be no first contact between our species.
“Instead we will continue to study them and learn about their world. But as I have stated, they are a backward civilization who perhaps in the near future, might become a threat to Charos. It may seem hard to believe now, but what if such a brutal species develops the means to cross interstellar space, may develop or somehow obtain the technologies we now possess? It is not such a great step to consider that they may discover Charos as we have discovered them. And not much of a step from there to see that they may be jealous of our great civilization, may become a threat to our way of life. A threat that we would have to pre-emptively nullify, probably through military means, before they could do any harm to our peace-loving and harmonious world.   
“Indeed, it may be necessary, in the not too distant future, for Charos to decide to rule over the Earth. The planet may become a new home for those of Charos deemed worthy to make such a journey and their wise rule on such a primitive planet could only be to the benefit of both species. We could bring them the benefits of our civilization - scientific, philosophical, medical, educational and certainly political - and they could learn from us how to unite their world into one cohesive whole, under the banner of Sa Jatah, Sa Intrium Mantah and all the citizens of Charos. We would be two worlds, ruled over as one, with a common purpose and a state of mind dedicated to the peaceful co-existence of two separate species.
“But that is some way off. For now, we will continue to study our nearest neighbours, learn their secrets, their languages and their ways of life. When we have completed this study, we will know whether we face a new foe, a foe that may have to be tamed and assimilated to the greater glory of Charos and all its peoples. 
“So there you have it. Two of the greatest, most significant discoveries in the history of Charos, revealed to all of Charos on this glorious day. And you in the Great Hall, have been the first generation to hear it, to feel its great import and majesty. When your children and your children’s children learn of it, you will be able to say - ‘I was there on that day. I heard the story at its first telling and what a wonder it was to contemplate’. And on that note, I will leave you to digest what you have been told, what you have learned. For surely life will never be quite the same and the knowledge we have gained this day will lead to a greater, more prosperous and more powerful Charos. So saying, I will bid you farewell. It is time to return to your daily lives, albeit in the knowledge that we have gained new wisdom and strength from our effort and dedication. Ar nosa my friends. Go in peace.”
At these final words, Strahger wondering what effect his words would have, looked out through the lights trained on the stage to the audience, which as one rose to their feet and began a thunderous applause, with much cheering and stamping of feet. The applause went on and on, the very hall was shaking. Strahger stood waving for a few minutes, then at last, satisfied that his speech had produced the reaction he had hoped, he raised both hands in the air one last time, turned and walked off the stage.
Waiting in the wings, a big smile on his face, was Nilus, around him Strahger’s six personal bodyguards.
“It was magnificent!” Nilus said as Strahger came close. “Have you ever heard such a reaction from a Grand Parliament crowd? These discoveries will unite Charos as never before. There will be no gossip till the next Akanta of anything else save what they have learned today. Splendid! A moment of true history.”
“Indeed the reaction surpasses what we had hoped for,” Strahger said. “But let us pace ourselves for the coming evening. There will be many wanting to bend my ear in the Great Banquet Hall. let us go now, to eat and drink and make merry. Come! On to celebration!”

___   ___   ___

The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Ten

Alvo considered his new circumstances and concluded that they did not look promising. It was the day after the Grand Parliament and he was sitting in a chair in another white cell, but this time the chair was surrounded with a clear plastic case with a round plastic domed roof and his wrists were strapped to the arms of the chair. A nozzle was connected to the top of the dome and a black pipe ran from it into an opening in the wall Alvo was facing. In the wall was a large plate glass window showing the adjoining room. The room appeared  to be some sort of control centre - there was a long desk with several viewers on it - and a half dozen or so Sa Tahgus personnel were at the viewers, studying them intently, while by the room’s door, two Sa Tahgus officers stood guard.
Did they mean to gas him to death? Alvo was wondering. Or at least threaten him with such a fate? If so, he thought at least they would gain no more information from him and the Maro would be free to make its flight to the nearest star where the people’s of Earth, newly warned about their deadly neighbours, would no doubt be amazed to receive three visitors from out of the deepest night, from across the vast reaches of space, bringing tidings of war. He thought he would not be cowed by the threat of gassing, after all, they still hoped he would give them information about Sa Domari, surely they did not mean to kill him so quickly, before at least trying another session with the pain Cap? No, he calculated that he was worth much more to them alive than dead and he felt sure he could string them along, stick with his claim of ignorance of any rebellion over the next seven days, long enough for the Maro to launch. 
Which was not to say he did not feel a great deal of anxiety, that he did not wish to sacrifice his life if it could be avoided, but he had lived with the possibility of discovery, of capture, for many years. Now that it was a reality, he would not go down without a fight. He was concentrating on controlling his breathing and his anxiety when the door in the room through the window opened and in strode the Sa Tahgus officer who had conducted his original pain Cap interrogation and somewhat to Alvo’s dismay, he was accompanied once again by Darg Karlin. The senior Sa Tahgus officer ushered Karlin to a chair, then had a brief conference with the other Sa Tahgus officers, seated before the viewers. After a few moments, he pressed a switch on one of the viewer’s panels and spoke, his voice coming through on speakers on either side of the window.
“Can you hear me?” he said.
“Yes, I hear you,” Alvo said. “But I must say, once again, that all of this is unnecessary. I don’t know what you have planned but I beg you to seen reason, to see that my crimes are greed and arrogance, not treachery.”
“So you have said many times,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “But we are about to put that to the test. To see how straight your tongue is after all. I will explain the situation you now find yourself in and once again give you the chance to make a clean break with your past. To tell all you know and spare yourself.
“You are in a chamber which is soon to be filled with a colourless and odourless gas. This chemical, has an effect on the brain of those exposed. You will feel a sensation akin to drunkenness and then you will have an overwhelming desire to tell the truth, to answer honestly and straightforwardly any question put to you. However, there is a downside to you from this procedure. Unfortunately, the chemicals damage the brain as they act upon it, especially if you offer resistance. The more honest and upfront you are with your answers, the less of the gas that will be required. If you continue to resist, it is possible that your failure to answer truthfully and completely will require so much of the gas it will prove fatal to you.  
“However, the good news is that in our previous experiments with this chemical mixture, we have never had to administer a fatal dose. But as I have said, the more you resist the more gas that will be required, meaning that the sooner you co-operate and unburden yourself of what you know, the more chance you have to live. Do you understand?”
“I do understand. And I must protest. I have tried to convince you of my innocence and ignorance of the things you want to know. I don’t see why I should be subjected to a dangerous procedure simply because no-one will listen when I talk sense.”
“We will soon see which of us is talking sense,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. He turned his attention to the nearest viewer and swiftly typed in a command. 
Alvo could immediately hear a hissing sound coming from the nozzle in the top of the chamber. His heart began to beat fast, without thinking he tried to hold his breath, but in a few moments he was forced to breathe out and he took in a deep draft of the poisoned air. In a few moments he could feel the effects. His anxiety faded and a feeling of dizziness came upon him, as if he had drunk too much wine. At the same time he seemed to hear, far away, in the deeper recesses of his mind, a voice instructing him, telling him to stick to his story, to give nothing away. After a few minutes, the Sa Tahgus officer spoke again.
“Are you Alvo Thoria, a senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra collective?”
“I am,” said Alvo in a thick voice, slightly slurring his words. “I have been there for many decades and have seen many things. Things that would shock you.”
“And did you know one Viana Mergidah?”
“I did. I knew her well. Too well perhaps.”
“And this woman was engaged in criminal enterprises that she drew you into?”
“Alas ... I’m sorry to say that is true. She led me astray. I am an honest citizen who owes his loyalty only to Sa Jatah and Sa Intrium Mantah. And may Domah bless our glorious leader, our second sun, Creto Strahger.”
“And this woman ... were you in love with her?”
“Oh yes ... I loved her dearly. It was only her calling that led her away from me. Led her to Kragarvand where she was undone.”
“And what was the nature of this calling?”
“She had friends that needed her help. They were hoping to bring into being a better Charos, a freer Charos. A world that was worth living in.”
“And was she Sa Domari, this woman?”
Alvo, by now feeling the full effects of the drug, tried to keep his mind clear and tried to deflect the question. “I don’t know about that,” he said. “She was led astray by her friends. She was a hero. A champion. How she came to be in such trouble I cannot say.”
“In fact she was Sa Domari wasn’t she? It was for their purposes she was downloading information from the head of her Sa Intrium Dra collective’s computer. She was a common thief and she was a traitor. She cared nothing for the law of the land and The Great Charter.”
Alvo felt through the confusion of the drug a sudden sense of anger. “She was a hero! She risked everything to oppose oppression. She would have died for the cause. She was worth ten of you, any day ... Oh why?  ... Oh why did she have to go to Kragarvand and leave me alone? We could have had a happy life together  ... a family ... good careers ... the sweet sun in Lorias season ... a holiday ... a happy life ... Oh why did she go? ...”
“Yes ... she abandoned you didn’t she? She left you for a foolish ideal, for the treachery of Sa Domari. She was Sa Domari, wasn’t she?”
“I don’t know ... I mean she did leave me ... but later I understood ... was it worth it Viana? Oh why did you not come back to me?”
“So she was Sa Domari? They took her away from you.”
“I don’t like to say it ... but yes ... they led her astray. Yes ... she fought for Sa Domari. Her foolish cause ... beautiful Viana and her foolish beautiful cause ... Oh sweet Domah, what have you done with her? Where is she? ... Where has she been all this time? ...”
“So she recruited you into Sa Domari also, did she not?”
Alvo felt himself about to answer yes, but rallied what little amount of free will he had left. “I admit only to being a criminal ... she led me astray it’s true ... but she was wonderful ... I know nothing of Sa Domari ... I only sought wealth and privilege ... what do I know of such a cause ?... Poor sweet Viana ... if only she hadn’t joined Sa Domari ... we would still be together ...”
“Yes, you have paid a high price for your misguided ideals. You would not be in the trouble you are in now if you had retained your loyalty to Sa Jatah and your work collective. So do tell us ... were you at a diplomatic function in Strahgervand a few months ago? Were you there as a representative of Sa Intrium Dra?”
“Why ... I have attended many such functions ... it is hard to recall the details ... but yes, you have asked me this question before and yes I was there.”
“And were you to meet anyone in particular when you were there?”
“Possibly ... I want to tell you, but for some reason I can’t really recall, I must guard my tongue.”
“Oh come now ... you are amongst friends here ... we only seek the information to clear up a few untidy matters. Then you can go home, back to your life. A glass of Agali wine and the good company of friends awaits you. Did you plan to meet someone in particular at the function?”
“Yes ... I mean, no ... I was to meet a minor diplomat who had something for me ... something important ...”
“Was it a digital card? With information on it? Something that was secret?”
“No ... it is hard to say one way or the other ... I was expecting a digital card ... but no, I must not speak of it ... Sa Tahgus sees and hears all, as they say ...”
“And what information was on the card?”
“Nothing you would be interested in ... just something about troop movements in various places ...”
“In fact it was about troop movements in rebellious countries was it not?”
“Well ... I can’t really say ... I am just a simple man who was blinded by love ... Oh, if only Viana were here, she would know how to answer these infernal questions ...”
“And did you know the card was quantum encoded? That it could not be decoded without access to state of the art quantum computers?”
“Yes ... we used to laugh about that ... that will put the wrinkles in Sa Tahgus’s brow we would say ... however, I am only a cog in a very big machine ... I swear I only acted out of misguided loyalty, out of my feelings of love ...”
There was a pause in the questioning during which the interrogating officer consulted with his colleagues and spoke a few words to Darg Karlin. Alvo could  see them but could not hear what they were saying. At length, the interrogating officer turned once more to his microphone and spoke to Alvo. “Well ... you have been most co-operative and that will be noted in your favour. We only needed your help to clarify matters we already know about. So how long have you been Sa Domari?”
“About twenty five years ... no, I mean ... I have never been Sa Domari. I know nothing of Sa Domari ... I must report them at once to the appropriate authorities ... Oh where is Viana? ... If anything has happened to her I will skin them alive ... I’ll break them ... but I must not say anymore, I’m sure you’ll understand. I only wish to co-operate ... to help you in your inquiries ...”
“You have been helpful,” the Sa Tahgus officer said as the sound of the gas hissing into the chamber faded away. “Very helpful indeed. But for today, that is all we need to know. We cannot risk too much more of the gas or you may suffer the side effects, unconsciousness or even an untimely death. But rest assured we have your health and well being uppermost in our minds and we are grateful for the information you have provided. You will now be released from the chamber and taken back to your cell where you will be left to recover before another interrogation where we hope your co-operation will continue. That is all.”
Alvo felt his head clearing a little, now that the gas was no longer being piped in. But he was confused and still giddy. How much had he said? How much of use had he given away? If only he had more will power, greater mental strength to resist that damnable drug. He tried to recall the entire interview but it seemed to slip away like a stone plunging into deep waters, becoming invisible as it slowly sank. As he thought with some dismay that he may indeed have said too much, two Sa Tahgus personnel came into the room. The clear plastic casing lifted off him and they undid the straps that held his arms to the chair. Then without a word they lifted him out of his seat and marched him out of the room, through the corridors of the Sa Tahgus prison and in a few minutes he found himself back in his cell, where he threw himself down on the uncomfortable bed and while he chastised himself for his weak will power he slipped exhausted into an uneasy sleep.
*
Laria looked around the large run-down warehouse, dimly lit by florescent bulbs and began to wonder what she had let herself in for. The warehouse seemed disused for the most part, with dirt and dust all over the floor and a half dozen rusted machines looking like they had not run for at least a generation. High up on the walls of the building were narrow, dirty windows, most of them cracked or broken. She, Vanta and Danah had been driven from the Sa Domari headquarters to the warehouse in a more distant part of Strahgervand in the back of a transporter, hidden beneath large khaki coloured tarpaulins. Standing in the warehouse with her were Vanta and Danah and a half dozen Sa Domari personnel to whom Laria had not been introduced. She assumed this was for security reasons and she waited expectantly with Danah as Vanta held a conversation with one of the Sa Domari personnel that she could not hear. The two men gestured repeatedly at a large cargo pod that sat in the centre of the warehouse, beside it a large transporter with a crane on the back. A few moments later, Vanta finished his conversation and walked over to Laria and Danah.
“Well, this is it,” he said as he came close. “The difficult journey begins. Inside that cargo pod are three beds, rations and water for six days and a portable chemical toilet. It only lacks the passengers.” He smiled at the two of them.
“I take it, we are the passengers?” Laria said.
“I’m afraid so,” Vanta said. “This will be our temporary home until we get to the port of Malietha in Creethum. The whole journey will take six days. When we get to Malietha, Sa Domari operatives will open up the cargo pod, spirit us off the ship and take us to the next stage of our mission. I will tell you more of that when we are closer to our destination. Any questions?”
“Your friend ... Alvo is it?” Laria said. “Does he know about this stage of the plan? And what we must do on Creethum?”
“I’m afraid he does,” Vanta said. “In fact we are closing down our headquarters in Strahgervand and moving it elsewhere, in case he gives the location. He knows we are going by ship to Creethum but not the ship or the time. And of course he knows what we have planned for the Maro. We are gambling here, with our lives in fact. With the future of two planets. If Alvo talks ... well ... we just have to trust to the strength of his character. Once again ... if you have doubts, if you do not want to take the risks ... now is the time to speak.”
“I am willing to take the risk,” Danah said. “My mind is made up.”
“I haven’t changed my mind,” Laria said. “I too am now determined to reach Earth.”
“Very well,” Vanta said. “Then the hour of leaving is upon us. Follow me, to discomfort and peril, all for the sake of  Charos and Earth.” So saying, he turned and led them to the door of the cargo pod. One of the Sa Domari operatives opened the door with a loud metallic clang and Vanta, Laria and Danah - who was the only one of them with any kind of luggage - a medium sized black bag with a strap that was slung over his shoulder - clambered inside the pod.
For an instant, Laria almost regretted that she had reaffirmed her commitment to the plan. The cargo pod, although it looked quite large from the outside, was cramped and appeared somewhat cluttered. The interior was lit by low wattage light bulbs which were running off a pair of small batteries in one corner. The air smelt of metal and dust and everything seemed a dull yellowish colour. There were three beds with thin blankets and rough looking pillows. On the beds, was a change of clothes for each of them, simple grey silda suits. Stacked against one wall were more than four dozen or so food containers. Laria  stepped forward and looked at them. They were army style ration boxes that included plastic cutlery, when a tab was pulled on them they heated themselves up using a combination of chemicals in their base. There appeared to be enough of them for three meals a day for each of them. Stacked next to the food containers were thirty to forty water bottles, each bottle containing a litre or so. Laria calculated that would mean about two litres of drinking water a day for each of them. There was no place in the pod for washing. Laria pulled back a nearby curtain and found the chemical toilet. The curtain did not afford much privacy, and Laria thought to herself that Vanta’s call to follow him to discomfort and peril was very accurate, especially the discomfort. 
“All right,” Vanta said. “Now we really begin. For safety’s sake, if you could lie on the beds while we lift the pod onto the transporter.” Laria and Danah, stashing the spare silda suits and Danah’s bag under the beds, lay down as requested and Vanta stood for a moment in the doorway. “Close the door, and let’s be on our way,” he said and the Sa Domari operative outside closed the door of the pod with another resounding metallic clang. Vanta then lay down on the remaining bed and Laria could hear muted voices outside and the sound of heavy chains being attached to the pod. A few minutes later, the hum of the crane could be heard. The next moment, there was a lurch in the pod and Laria felt her heart rate increase as the pod lifted in the air and then a mere moment or two later clattered down with a thump on the back of the transporter. Then there was the sound of voices again, the sound of the door of  the warehouse opening, then the transporter began to move and Laria could now feel the sensations of vibrations and bumps as they drove out into the night, the three of them remaining silent as they drove to the Strahgervand docks. 
After what seemed about half a tiah to Laria - their portable communicators and viewers had been left at the Sa Domari headquarters and she could not be sure how much time had passed - the transporter slowed to a crawl and finally came to a stop. Laria could hear voices again and once more what sounded like the attachment of a heavy crane to the pod. In a few more minutes, there was another lurch as Laria and the others felt the pod lift off the transporter and into the air. This was it, Laria, thought, and sure enough after a few moments swinging in the air, the pod struck the metal deck of the ship that was to carry them to Creethum. The three of them lay on their beds, exchanging glances, but not daring to speak. There was the continued sound of metal on metal, the cranes loading up the rest of the cargo pods and it seemed to Laria that a full two or three tiah had passed and the night grown long before the noises died away and they were left lying there, in wondering silence. At length, Vanta spoke, his voice little more than a whisper.
“Are you both all right?” he asked. “I think the ship has been fully loaded and it’s okay to talk now. But we should keep our voices down.”
 “I’m fine,” Laria said. “I just hope I’m still fine after six days in this pod.”
“Yes ... it is not the sort of accommodation I would normally choose for a sea cruise,” Danah said with a smile.
Vanta laughed softly. “Perhaps we will be invited to the Captain’s quarters a little later in the voyage,” he said. “To dine in luxury on Korsa fish strips and sip on sweet Agali  wine by the light of eda-moss lamps.”
“Not very likely,” Danah said with a smile. “But I’m sure those ration boxes will look good when we are hungry enough.”
“What time does the ship sail?” Laria said.
“Around dawn,” Vanta said. “Being a robot ship guided by satellites, there is no need to round up the crew. Once they have made all the technical and computer checks necessary, we will be on our way. As for me ... I’m going to try and get some sleep if this somewhat rough bed will allow.”
“I too think I will try to sleep,” Danah said. “Although I think ‘rough bed’ is a bit of an understatement. I will talk to you both in the morning all going well.”
“Yes ... let us sleep and the time will pass more quickly,” Vanta said. “I bid you both pleasant dreams and a restful night.” So saying, he turned on his side and pulled the thin blanket over him although the pod was quite warm.
“I wish you both pleasant dreams also,” Danah said and he also drew the blanket over him and shut his eyes.
Laria lay awake for a few more minutes, staring at the metal ceiling. Had she made the right choice, she wondered? Could she not have gone through regular channels to expose what Strahger, The Council and not forgetting Tarka Morvo, had planned for innocent Earth? Was she now an irredeemable traitor? To the Space Programme, to her family and colleagues? To Charos itself? She rolled the question round in her mind as her eyelids began to grow heavy and sleep sought her out. Just before she fell asleep, she decided ‘no’, she was not a traitor, she was following her conscience as always and it was because she cared about the Space Programme, about her true calling, Science, and indeed for the safety of Charos and also Earth, that she had embarked on her strange journey and now this perilous voyage. She faded into sleep, reassuring herself that indeed, she had made the right choice.
*
The next morning Laria awoke somewhat disoriented. It took her a moment to remember that she was in the cargo pod and on her way to Creethum, in fact, on her way to Earth, all going well. She lay in the bed and felt the motion of the ship as it rose and fell on the waves, felt the vibration and heard the steady thrum of the ship’s engines. She sat up and looked about her. Danah and Vanta were awake, sitting up in their beds, and they both smiled at her as she came fully awake.
“Welcome to the new day,” Danah said. “And welcome to your life as a fugitive, as are we all I suppose.”
“Did you mange to sleep all right?” Vanta said. “I did specify simplicity when we discussed outfitting the cargo pod. Perhaps I have overdone it.”
“I did manage to sleep, thank you,” Laria said. “But not the most comfortable night I have ever spent, to be sure.”
Vanta put his blanket aside and stood up and stretched himself. “We might as well begin the day with a hearty meal,” he said and began looking through the food containers. “There is nothing here specifically for breakfast,” he said. “Here, try this one. Epah meat and roasted vegetables. One for Danah, one for Laria and one for me. Happy eating.”
Laria pulled the small tab on the container and in just a few minutes she could feel the heat from it as the chemicals in its base reacted. She peeled the cover off the meal and using the plastic cutlery, ate heartily although the meal tasted a little of cardboard and had a somewhat musty smell to it. The other two also ate with relish, no doubt the danger of their circumstances giving them a good appetite. When she was finished, Laria looked round for somewhere to throw the rubbish, but there did not seem to be anything.
“What do we do with the empty containers?” she said.
“Ah ...” said Vanta. “I’m afraid they are to go over the side and pollute even more the over polluted ocean.”
“You mean ... outside?” said Laria.
“Indeed I do,” Vanta said. “We are able to exit the pod for fresh air and exercise on the forward deck. There is a little space where the cargo pods end and the ship’s bow begins. As long as we are out of sight of land and there are no other ships to be seen, it should be safe enough. In fact, let us open the door now and let in a little light and air.” So saying, he went to the door and pulled on the heavy latch. The door swung open and bright daylight entered the pod along with the salty smell of the sea and the sound of the rushing of the waves as the ship carved its way forward.
Laria and Danah followed Vanta out onto the deck and they threw their empty containers over the side where they were swallowed by the turbulent sea. Laria felt the wind on her face and  the warm sun on her back. She looked behind her and there was their cargo pod, one among many, two others stacked on top of it, though fortunately their pod was on the ground floor and opened directly onto the deck. She looked out across the sea first to the Port side of the ship, then to the Starboard, but there was nothing to be seen except the ever rolling waves. No land or other ships were in sight.  
Laria and the others spent much of the first day going in and out of the pod. Lying on their beds or feeling the sea breeze on their faces and whipping at their hair as they stood on the deck and traversed the seemingly endless ocean. The sun was warm and the wind refreshing and all in all, Laria thought, it was not too bad after all. A little boring, a little cramped, the food only adequate, but she felt she could cope quite well with a few more days of privation and it was all to the good of the cause anyway.
The second day, her optimism was somewhat diminished. On the horizon ahead of them were the dark clouds of a coming storm. The sea began to get rough and the three of them retreated into the safety of the pod in the late afternoon. The wind rose and buffeted the pod, then not long after they were under the roiling clouds and it began to rain, a heavy, drenching rain such as Laria had never seen or heard before. Then about two tiah later they were in the heart of the storm. Howling winds and lashing rain, the ship first rising on the mountainous waves, then seeming hanging suspended in the air before crashing down into the troughs, the whole ship shuddering and shaking as if it was about to fly to pieces. Laria lay on her bed as did the other two and she wondered how the ship could stand such punishment. She began to feel somewhat anxious for the first time since the quest had begun. Surely the ship would come apart and they would drown, out in the middle of nowhere, where no help was afforded them? However, she tried to maintain a calm demeanour, she did not want the others to know she was alarmed, and she also tried to overcome the sea sickness she was now beginning to feel. Finally she could stand it no longer and she staggered from her bed, across the pod, and vomited into the chemical toilet, wondering if this was how she was going to die. When her stomach was emptied, she dry retched for a few minutes before the sensation of nausea began to recede a little. She staggered back to her bed and lay down, shaking and pale as the ship continued to rock and shudder.
“Are you feeling better now?” Vanta asked, speaking loudly over the noise of the wind, the rain and pounding sea. “We should be over the worst of it in a few tiah. These storms coming from equatorial regions have gotten worse as the climate has changed. But these transport ships are well built and regularly take on the worst that nature has to offer.”
“You are right,” Danah said. “The hotter oceans release much more energy to these storms. We can thank the warming planet as you say. However, I have never experienced such fury myself. I hope your reassurance about the quality of Tolmaran ships is well founded.”
“There has not been a ship lost on this route for many years,” Vanta said. “I am sure we will be over the worst of it in just a few tiah. Then it should be plain sailing to Creethum. Is there anything we can do for you, Laria? Perhaps if you drink a little water it might settle your stomach. Shall I fetch you a bottle?”
“No, it’s all right,” Laria said in a thin, weak voice. “I will be fine. The nausea is not so strong now. I shall grit my teeth over the next few tiahs and wait as you say, for the plain sailing.”
They did not speak again for quite some time. Laria lay on the bed and fought against her feelings of disquiet. As Vanta said, she reassured herself, there had not been any ships foundering for years. She would trust to the science of the computers and satellites controlling their voyage, that the best in Charos technology would bring them safely through. She thought to herself, if her fellow scientists could get a spacecraft to Earth, then the people that built the ship and the systems that guided it, could easily get them to Creethum. The thought gave her some comfort and she resolved to remain calm and simply ride out the storm with her faith placed firmly in the technology. 
About three or so tiah later, Laria felt the effects of  the storm seemed to be diminishing somewhat. The ship no longer hung on the top of the waves and plunged down with a great crashing shudder. It was still rough, but the motion of the ship became calmer, still rising and falling noticeably, but without the alarming sounds of creaking and grating metal against metal, the ship against the sea. It was sometime late in the night, without having eaten anything all day, she managed to drift into an uneasy sleep and she did not awaken until the dawn had come.

The next day they were once again out on the deck, the storm having passed and the ship’s engines thrumming away and driving them onwards as if nothing untoward had happened. Laria felt the sun on her face and the sweet warm winds blowing in from the equator where Creethum lay, ready for the next stage of their intrepid journey. The sea was now calm and the ship just rolling and rocking slightly in the waves. The three of them passed most of the day outside, happy to see the sun and refreshed by the breeze. They all managed to eat plenty and Laria’s sea sickness seemed to have completely passed. She thought to herself she was already getting used to the rocking and rolling motion of the ship. However, she hoped the storm that had made her so anxious was the last they would encounter and she gave no hint to the other two just how disturbed she had been.
The rest of the day, and the next passed without incident. They walked around on the deck, looked out across the empty ocean, slept longer than they needed to and ate their rations and drank their quota of water. They did not talk much and when they did it was of mundane things, such as what  they would be doing if they were back in Tolmara, discussing concerts they had been to or books and dramas they had read or seen. They did not discuss what lay ahead of them, Laria at least content to manage one situation at a time, although as the days grew to a close and the sun set and the second sun Kata and the moon Jota rose into the sky she thought with a sense of melancholy that she might never see Tolmara again, that she was cut off from her parents and her friends and might never return home.
On the fourth day there was a new cause for alarm. The three of them were out on the deck in the early afternoon, enjoying the still fine weather and the brisk sea breeze when Danah, who was standing on the Port side, looking out towards the West, called Laria and Vanta over.
“Look at that black smudge on the horizon,” Danah said. “It is getting bigger as I have been watching it. Is it a ship, coming our way?”
“It does seem to be heading in our direction,” Vanta said, shielding his eyes as he gazed at the object. “It looks like it could be quite a large ship.”
“Are we on the sea lanes out here?” Laria said. “Perhaps it is another robot cargo ship, coming from Creethum.
“Could be,” Vanta said. “Let’s keep watching for a while, to see how close it’s going to come.”
The three of them watched the smudge grow steadily larger, still heading towards them. After about half a tiah they started to become a little alarmed. It was definitely a ship, a large one and it did not deviate from its trajectory. After another twenty minutes or so, there could be no doubt they had a new problem on their hands. 
“It’s a Charos Navy cruiser,” Vanta said. “And it looks like they’re going to get close to us.”
“Do they check on robot ships like this?” Danah said. “Just a cargo vessel?”
“I’m not sure,” Vanta said. “But we better not take any chances. Let’s get back in the pod before they see us and we’ll keep quiet and hope they pass us by.”
The three of them clambered back into the cargo pod and Vanta closed the door. They lay down on their bunks and did not speak, just looking at each other while they waited in fear of discovery. Laria hoped the ship would simply pass them by, it would be a damned shame if their presence was to be detected when they were only two days away from the port in Creethum, so close to achieving their objective. Her heart began to beat a little faster when she could hear the sound of the cruiser passing by, its heavy engines churning the sea and making the cargo ship rock. Then the sound of its engines began to fade a little and Laria thought, that was it, they had taken a look and gone on their way. A few minutes later she was about to break the silence, when she heard the sound of the cruiser’s engines once more. Faint at first, but getting louder, coming from the Port side. Then they could hear the other ship quite clearly, they could tell it had turned round and was now sailing close alongside them. Did they suspect something, Laria thought? Had their mission been betrayed or was this just a routine inspection?
As she felt this fresh anxiety, there came a new sound, a high pitched motor, the sound of a small runabout. Laria guessed that the cruiser had lowered a speedboat into the water and it was now alongside the cargo ship. Then a few minutes later, the sound of the speedboat died out, followed shortly after by the sound of voices outside the pod. Laria held her breath. They were on the forward deck! Surely they would find them. Was this it then? All their subterfuge to no avail? The sailors from the cruiser could be heard talking to each other, but it was impossible to make out the words inside the pod. After what seemed an age, one voice, slightly louder than the others, seemed to be barking out commands. Then the voices were gone and a few moments later came the sound of the speedboat again. It too then fell silent. After about another fifteen minutes, during which time Laria dared not speak, she felt a glimmer of hope. Was the sound of the cruiser’s engines diminishing? It was! They were sailing away, they had suspected nothing. Laria and her two companions traded glances, but none dared speak. Finally, after the sound of the cruiser was long gone, Vanta climbed off his bunk and went to the metal door, putting his ear against it. When he was satisfied, he pulled on the handle and opened the door. The afternoon summer sunshine flooded into the pod, and Laria could once again smell the sea, carried in on the fresh air. Vanta stepped out onto the deck and disappeared from sight. A few moments late he popped his head inside the door.
“They have gone,” he said. “They are almost out of sight.”
Laria got off her bunk, and she and Danah joined Vanta on the deck. Looking South, to the way they had come, Laria could make out the cruiser, looking small now, and steadily putting distance between them. She felt her whole body suddenly relax and she sighed with relief. She had not realised how tense she had become as the sailors checked over the vessel.
“They would have gotten quite a surprise if they had opened our pod,” Danah said. “Something to tell the land dwellers when they returned from their sea duty.”
“Indeed the blade passed close, as the saying goes,” Vanta said. “Let’s hope our luck holds and we don’t have any more visitors before we reach Creethum.”
“Luck indeed,” Laria said. “But I do not like to trust to luck. Although I will say a thank you when fortune smiles upon us.”
  “Indeed,” Vanta said. “Let us be grateful then and hope that destiny continues to show us favour. As for me ... I’m going to have something to eat. We haven’t had our midday meal yet, and we don’t want those food containers to go to waste. Come! Let us dine and drink in our little palace.”
*
Two days later they were docked at the port of Malietha in Creethum. Their remaining days at sea were unremarkable and they had come into sight of land late afternoon on the final day. They stayed on deck long enough to see, still at quite a distance, the tropical jungles of Creethum, marching all the way down to white sandy beaches where almost clear blue water sent gentle waves to the shore. Further in the distance, nestled in a bay of calm waters was the city of Malietha, the largest on Creethum with a population of around eight hundred thousand. Its mostly white buildings, shone bright in the sun. The docks there were the gateway to Creethum and many of the local population worked the port or in jobs associated with it.
Their robot ship had been guided to its final berth by two tugboats, although Laria and the others could not see what was going on. They maintained silence between them and had to guess at what was happening outside. But eventually, as the sun was setting, the ship had come to a halt and the steady thrum of its engines died away. Laria lay on her bunk and listened to the unfamiliar sounds of Creethum. The sound of voices, sometimes raised, speaking in the language of Creethum, the words not understood. The sound of large cranes operating and the dull clanking of metal against metal, the rumbling whirring sound of large transporters, going about their business on the docks. When night had fallen, they kept the light off in the cargo pod and lay in the dark, Laria almost jumping at each new sound, fearful that they would be discovered. A few hours later, the noises from the docks diminished and Vanta sat up on his bed and looked at a timepiece he had kept with him since Strahgervand so that they could measure their days at sea with some certainty. 
“It is almost time for our contacts to fetch us,” he said in a whisper. “We have about half a tiah to wait. Time to put on our fresh silda suits.”
The three of them took off their old clothes without self-consciousness, and put on the grey silda suits. Laria was glad to find it was a good fit and she adjusted the thermal regulators to cool herself down, for it was hot inside the pod and the tropical air seeping in from outside was also very humid. When they were changed, Laria sat on her bunk and waited with nervous anticipation. After what seemed an age, there was the sound of low voices and footsteps outside the pod. Then there came a soft knock on the pod door, two taps followed by four rapid taps. Vanta stood and opened the door. The hot, humid air came pouring in and Vanta turned to Laria and Danah.
“The moment has come,” he said in a low voice. “Do not be alarmed. It is our Sa Domari contacts as expected. Come ... let us go. Now the journey really begins.”
So saying, he stepped out of the pod and Laria and Danah followed him. Laria looked about her as she came onto the deck. The second sun, Kata was high in the sky as was the three quarter moon, Jota. The ship was bathed in pale light and shadows, large cranes loomed into the night like long necked black beasts, a few lights shone yellow and white from some of the dock’s buildings, in the distance was the orange glow of the city. But Laria, although taking all of this in was gazing at the two strangers who awaited them, their Sa Domari contacts. They were both Creethum natives, a man and a woman, dressed also in simple grey silda suits. Laria had seen people from Creethum on her viewer in the past, in holo-documentaries and Dra bulletins, but she had never actually met anyone from the island until now.
Even in the half-light she could see they were dark skinned, with large almond shaped  eyes and full lips. They had a series of ridges on their foreheads and three of the same type of ridges on each of their cheeks. Laria seemed to remember that the ridges changed colour in love making sessions and were considered attractive by the Creethum. Each of them were some six inches taller than Laria and were thin and wiry. Their hands were preternaturally large, with long fingers, the longest of any race on Charos. Their hair, of both the man and  woman, was long, black and pleated, with beads woven into it, keeping it in place. Around their necks, they wore green targa stone carvings of a Moru, a bird that lived in the rain forests and that was considered sacred by the Creethum, its bright red, blue and yellow plumage having been used in the past for ceremonies and rituals. With the coming of the Tolmaran colonizers, the Moru had been all but hunted to extinction and it was rare for anyone to see them in modern times.
“Welcome to Creethum,” the native man said, speaking in fluent Tolmaran. “I hope your journey was uneventful.”
“We did encounter a somewhat disturbing storm and the Charos Navy came on board for a quick look,” Vanta said. “But as you can see, we remain undiscovered and all in one piece.”
“That is all to the good,” the native man said. “But unfortunately there is little time for pleasantries. The Army generally leaves the docks to the safe keeping of the local population at night. They like to drink and gamble when they can. So for the next half a tiah or so, the gates are guarded by our fellow Creethum who are sympathetic to our cause. But we must move quickly and get you out of the city. Follow us.”
So saying, the two Creethum Sa Domari operatives led them away down the Port side of the ship, on a narrow gangway that ran alongside the many cargo pods. About half way along the ship was a gangplank which they descended and then found themselves on the docks. Laria and the others walked a little unsteadily at first, their legs and bodies being used to the motion of the ship at sea, but it was only a few hundred metres until they came to an old style transporter, one that looked as if it was a diesel-electric hybrid and that in its lifetime had travelled many thousands of delka. 
“It’s not much to look at,” the native woman said, also in fluent Tolmaran,  to Laria, as if she sensed some hesitation. “But we maintain these old vehicles to a high standard, even if parts are sometimes hard to get. Now ... if the three of you could just climb up the steps and into the back ... that’s the way. At this time of night, we shouldn’t run into any Army patrols, but if you could keep silent until we reach our destination, it would be well advised.”
The back of the transporter was covered by a canvas like material and Laria found herself close to a gap in the coverings, through which she could see something of the outside world. The transporter started and rumbled through the docks for a few minutes, before coming to a stop. Laria could hear voices, speaking in Creethum, and a few moments later  the transporter was off again and Laria could see that they had passed through one of the security gates of the docks which were now falling away behind them. They drove at a steady pace into the city proper and there were very few vehicles on the roads. Laria could see the buildings and houses as they passed. Many of the businesses were ramshackle and run down,  the streets were dimly illuminated by old fashioned orange streetlights, the cars parked along the streets were rusty and had paint peeling off. Some of them looked as if they might still run on petrol or diesel. As they journeyed out of the city proper, into more suburban areas, the houses were more opulent, made of some kind of white stone, with red roofs. Then they made a long winding turn and were on some kind of motorway and the houses and buildings became few and far between.
After about two tiah, during which the three of them did not speak, the transporter began to slow. Then it made a left turn into a side road and began heading towards the jungle. They continued on this side road for some time and it was completely dark outside, there were no longer any street lights to see by. Then the road began to get rough and winding and after half an hour or so of this they made a sharp right turn onto some kind of side road. The road was just gravel and dust began to filter into the back of the transporter, while the wheels bounced and juddered on the rough and pitted surface. Laria held onto a rail attached to the side of the transporter which seemed to be there for that very purpose and she was concentrating on keeping her balance on the narrow bench running down the side of the vehicle that they sat on. Just when Laria felt as if her seasickness might be about to return, the transporter slowed and stopped. She could hear voices outside, speaking in Creethum, and then the doors of the cab of the transporter were opened and closed. The next moment, the canvas covering was thrown open and the native Creethum Sa Domari woman who had escorted them off the ship was gesturing to the three of them to get out.
Laria clambered off the transporter first and she was closely followed by Vanta and Danah. The only light was coming from the transporter’s headlights, the tall trees forming a canopy above them, blocking out the light of Kata and Jota. The headlights showed they were on some sort of rough dirt track, surrounded by the impenetrable jungle. The air was hot and heavy and there seemed to be only the five of them. Then, seeming to step straight out of the jungle, came a new figure, a Creethum native, dressed in a dark green silda suit, who was as tall and wiry as the others, but at the roots of his hair Laria could just discern a hint of grey and his face seemed more lined than his companions. This new figure greeted his Creethum compatriots with a hug, they chatted for a few moments in Creethum and then the three of them came close to the three travellers.
“This is where we leave you,” the native man who had first greeted them on the ship said. “But we leave you in good hands. No-one knows the jungles of Creethum better than my friend here. I don’t know what your plan is, or where you’re bound, but if it is to help us free Creethum from the accursed Tolmarans and the grip of Creto Strahger, I honour you and wish you good fortune.”
“I too wish you well,” the native woman who had greeted them on the ship said. “But try not to get caught. The Charos military in these parts are fond of inflicting pain. They are frustrated that we do not bow down before them and they like to take revenge for any action we may have taken against them. Ar nosa.”
So saying, she and the first Creethum man got into the transporter and with a whir of its engines, it was turned around and a few moments later its lights could be seen receding into the distance of the rough track that had brought them there, leaving the four of them standing in deep darkness and coming from the jungle, strange, cawing and bell-like percussive sounds from some unseen creatures.
“So it is in dark times, we meet in darkness,” the new Creethum man said in perfect Tolmaran. “But let us shed a little light on our path that we shall not stumble.” So saying he twisted a chemical glow stick he had in his hand and a pale, florescent light lit up the scene. “Let me introduce myself,” the Creethum man said. “I am Corvah, meaning to ‘make a fist’. It is only my war name, in civilian life I am called by my real name, but should the Charos military or Sa Tahgus learn of our adventures, you will not be able to reveal my true identity. So I will only ask you your first names. You are ...?” The three of them gave their first names and  Corvah nodded and smiled. “So now we know a little of each other,” he said. “But come ... the time slips away and we must walk a few delka before the night grows much longer. Follow me.”
They began to walk, seeming to Laria, right into the heart of the jungle. Corvah seemed to know the way though, he set a brisk pace, following some unseen path and Laria, at the back, concentrated on following the light of the glow stick Corvah still had in his hands. The air was hot and humid and soon Laria had made the maximum adjustment on her silda suit, trying to keep cool, although a thin sheen of sweat still beaded on her brow as they marched and in the distance, a strange crying sound, as some creature went about its nocturnal business. After what seemed at least a tiah and a half to Laria, they came to a small clearing, seeming in the middle of nowhere. There was a break in the tree canopy and by the light of Jota and Kata, Laria could see they had arrived at a small hut, with large leaves making its roof and the rest of it a ramshackle wooden structure. Corvah opened the rough door of the dwelling and stepped inside, Laria and the others following.
“This is where we shall stay until the sunrise,” Corvah said. “It is an old hunter’s hut and the military will not bother us this deep in the forest. As you can see, there is a mattress for each of you. It is not exactly luxurious, but it is only for a few hours and then it is a day’s march to the Creethum village that is our destination. I don’t know why you’re going there and it is better if it stays that way. So guard your tongues and let us each know only what is necessary. I will stand watch while you sleep, so try and get some rest. It is a fair distance tomorrow if you are unused to walking. But taking the jungle paths is the best way to avoid the military patrols and checkpoints. So ... I bid you sleep well. I will be just outside should you need me.” So saying, he left the glow stick, still shining, on a small scratched wooden table and stepped out of the door.
Laria and the others, by now well and truly tired, each picked one of the thin mattresses, and lay down to sleep. Laria lay in the near dark and considered for a few minutes how drastically her life had changed in the last ten days. Here she was, somewhere in a Creethum jungle, being guided by a stranger to some unknown village and from there, somehow, a possible journey to Earth. If she had known her life would become so surprising, she thought, would she have taken the path that led her to this pass? The dangers they faced? She tried to remember the strangeness of it all, the meeting with Keda and Vanta, discovering the truth about Tarka, the sea voyage, and now the wilds of Creethum, but she was weary and in spite of the circumstances she found herself in, sleep stole into her mind and claimed her.
___   ___   ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Eleven

Alvo lay on his bunk in the featureless cell and tried to remember what had happened to him over  the last six days. He knew they had been questioning him, every day, placing him in that damnable chamber and piping in the gas that made him so disoriented. But try as he might, he could not remember what he had said in the interrogations. He just had the uneasy sensation that he had said too much, that he had given away Sa Domari secrets. He also felt physically weak, they had given him only small portions of food and barely enough to drink. He longed for his bathing room and the sensation of warm water washing away the detritus of the day. He longed for the comfort of his favourite chair and a bottle of Agali wine, for music and the laughter of friends. Oh why had he come to this place? Where was Viana? She would explain it all to him, she would lay her cool hand on his cheek and speak soft words to him, she would make this confusion go away. 
But he did remember the prison, the attempted escape, the reason they wanted to free him. To stop him talking about the mission to Earth, the Magla Drados and soon to be, what was the other one? The Maro was it? Yes ... that was it ... he remembered now. He had to keep the secret for just this last day, and then the Maro would launch. That would be a stick in the eye for that damned Strahger! If only they wouldn’t put him in that chamber. He did not want to tell them anything, but the gas ... yes that was it ... something in the gas that made him want to talk, to tell them anything they asked ... it was so difficult to resist. Yet he must ... why now? Oh that’s right, he thought, something about the Maro, the Space Programme ... he must guard his tongue. He had only one day to go ... if only he was not so confused ...
His thoughts were becoming jumbled once again as he lay there when there was the sound of voices outside his cell. The door to the cell opened and two Sa Tahgus officers entered. 
“Time for your singing recital again,” one of them said. “I’m sure you’ll give them a merry tune this time.” They lifted him by the arms off  the bed and marched him out of the cell, Alvo leaning on them as they walked down the halls, his steps stumbling every few metres. After a ride in the elevator and a short walk down another corridor they came to the white room cell where the interrogations had been taking place. In a few moments, Alvo was seated in the chair, his arms strapped down as usual, and the clear plastic chamber wrapped around him again. In front of him was the window in the wall and beyond it the control room, where  the Sa Tahgus officer who had been conducting the interrogations was in a discussion with Darg Karlin, who had attended almost all of Alvo’s sessions. Alvo could not hear what they were saying and he sat wondering why they had gone to so much trouble to question him, day after day. After all, he knew nothing of significance he thought. What was it all about? That’s right ... Sa Domari ... he knew things now that he thought of them ... but what things? What was it he had to keep secret? He knew people in Sa Domari ... that was right ... and he had to deny everything ... but for how long? The questions had been going on forever ... why didn’t they let him go? There was something else he was not supposed to say ... something important ... something to do with Earth, the Space Programme, oh, what was it? 
At that moment, the voice of the Sa Tahgus interrogator came through the speakers in the wall interrupting Alvo’s thoughts. 
“Well we are back to our interview,” the interrogator said. He sat in front of his viewer and looked with a cold stare at Alvo. “I’m sure this time we will get some useable information from you. You have done well so far, I’m sure your comrades in arms would be proud of you for how long you have held out. But it is really no longer necessary to be so secretive. We have most of the information we need. We need only confirmation from you in one or two matters. 
“I must remind you, that the more gas it takes to get your co-operation, the more likely you are to suffer the debilitating side effects. In fact, if you continue to resist, you may even die. Is that what you want? Never to see again the sundown on a calm sea, painting the clouds pink and orange on a hot day in Lorias season? To never taste again on your tongue the sweet tang of ripe yellow ledah fruit? To hold your lover in a warm embrace and lie in the dark together, whispering sweet words? All these things can be yours again if you just give us a morsel or two of information. But let us begin ...  the day grows long and Sa Tahgus has many fields to plough as they say.”
At that, the Sa Tahgus interrogator typed in a command on his viewer keyboard and there came to Alvo’s ears the familiar hissing of the gas at the top of the plastic cage. He felt so weary he did not even try to hold his breath, but continued breathing normally and in a few moments, he felt once again the state of drunk-like confusion. He also felt his heart beating hard, a weakness over all his body.
“You are Alvo Thoria? A senior in the Strahgervand Sa Intrium Dra?”
Alvo found he could barely think. But he also felt compelled to answer. “You know I am. You have asked me that question every day for the last ... I don’t know how many days ... oh why will you not see reason? I am a simple man ... led astray ... I know nothing of Sa Domari ...   I will take this matter up with a justice committee ... I have some standing in society you know ... I know people ... people of influence. They will listen to reason ...”
“There is no need to be so defensive,” the interrogator said. “We are not trying to harm you. We know you know people, many people. Some of them no doubt are Sa Domari. If you could just give us some of their names ... then you can go home to relax in front of your viewer, a tall glass of Kragavand ale in your hand ... doesn’t that sound inviting?”
 “Well ... I would like a glass of Kragarvand hand brewed ale ... It seems such a long time ago that I tasted such a treat ... but for some reason I must keep quiet ... I must still my tongue ...”
“There is no real reason to be so reticent. You have carried the burden of secrecy so long you deserve to be relieved of the responsibility. You are getting tired it’s true, but all you have to do to earn some rest is answer truthfully our questions. You are a man of the truth are you not? All those Dra bulletins you made, telling the good people of Charos the truth about their wonderful planet. That’s all we are asking ... for you to be truthful with us ... then we can make some real progress. A few names ... that is all ... just to clear things up ... then you can go home, back to your life. It is to your credit that you are an honest man ... all we are asking is that you share some of your information with us, just to help us clear up a few administrative matters. Now ... can you give us a name ... or two?” 
“A name ... I must not say their names ... no, it would not do. If Sa Tahgus were to hear of it, it could bring disaster ... I’m afraid I cannot give you their names ...”
“Then let us help you confirm what we already know. You were the lover of Viana Mergidah were you not?”
“I was ... ah, sweet Viana ... I wonder why I have not heard from her for such a long time? Where did she go?”
“And she was a Sa Domari operative was she not?”
“Yes ... she fought for Sa Domari ... she was very brave. I have not known the like since.”
“And she recruited you to be a Sa Domari operative also. Is that the truth?”
“Yes ... that is the truth ... I wanted to help her ... I wanted to become involved .. to help free Charos ... oh poor, long suffering Charos ... what have they done to you?”
“And you engaged in espionage for Sa Domari? You carried out assignments that were meant to harm the established order? You were suffering from a misguided idealism. We are not judging you ... if you can just give us the name of your main contact in Sa Domari, it would help us clear up any confusion in regard to your case. What is their name?”
“What is their name? ... I’m not sure I should be talking about this.”
“It is all right. You are among friends here. We want to get you released and we can get back to our busy schedules and you can get back to Sa Intrium Dra, to your work and your life. Now, who are the leadership of Sa Domari? How many of them are there?”
“There are about a dozen at the moment ... I think that’s right ... or I should probably not say ...”
“And where can they be found? Are they like you? Working in professions but helping out Sa Domari on the side?”
“Some of them are like me ... they lead ordinary lives ... but they are dedicated to the cause ... they wish an end to tyranny ... others are off the grid so to speak, they have many identities and travel a lot ...”
“And who is in charge here in Strahgervand? Tolmara?”
“Why ... at the moment I suppose I am the most senior operative we have ... I attend meetings as the spokesperson for this region ...”
“And have you met with the leadership recently?”
“Yes ... we had a conference on the day I was arrested. In fact I had come home from the meeting and found Sa Tahgus waiting in my apartment ... now, how did they know you have to wonder? ... what tricks are they up to? ...”
“Your forthrightness is bearing you in good stead. We knew of course that you were a senior member of Sa Domari, we are not surprised, but it is good to hear you confirm it. It helps clarify the situation. Now whereabouts was this last meeting? I think you have already told us, but if you could just repeat it for us it would help matters along.”
“Where? ... in the wilds of Strahgervand  ... where the city is run down and ruined ... where the facial recognition cameras run out ...”
“Is it near anywhere we might know?”
“You take the Maglev train to the Solgaren Road station, the last stop ... it is a pleasant enough trip ... then you walk south into the wilds for about half an hour ... there is an old warehouse ... you have to place your palm on the door plate at the right spot ... but all of my friends were there ... oh it was quite a sight ... fourteen of the Sa Domari High Command ... and all the while we watch Sa Tahgus on our viewers while they think they are watching us ... it was a fiery meeting ... should we take up arms? I don’t know ... too many of them, too few of us ... but the day may come ... then we shall see who has the stronger blade as they say ... but we must not speak of it, no ... perhaps Viana will be there next time ... I wonder why she does not call me? She had to go away I remember ... to help her friends she said. Fine friends they must be, I said! ... you may as well turn stone to bread I said ... but perhaps I have said too much ... I seem to recall there are things I am not supposed to say ... something important ... if only I could ask Viana what it was ... I am sure she would know ...”
“You would like to see Viana again, wouldn’t you? Perhaps we can help with that. She may not be too far away. We could find out what she’s been up to for you. We can bring her here to help you with your answers. She could clarify things for you and then when we have all we need you could both be released, together. Would that please you? To be with Viana again?”
“Well ... it would be a gift from Domah to be sure ... I wonder if that’s really possible? ... has she been in hiding all this time? If only I could make you see that I am not a treacherous man ... that I keep the tenets of the Great Charter ... then Viana and I could go home ... back to happier days ...”
 “Yes, you would have her love again, feel her comforting hand in yours. Smell the scent of her hair, see her warm smile ... I’m sure we can find out where she is, bring her here to help you out. But first we need something from you. Something that would help us clear up a little confusion. A clarification if you will. So ... we will find out where Viana is if you would just give us a few names of the people who were at your last meeting. Can you do that for us? It would be much appreciated. Just a name or two ...”
“Well ... I don’t know ... it’s not the usual thing we talk about ...”
“Just a name and we can bring Viana here. What do you say?”
“Well ... all right ... let me see ... who was there? Who spoke? Oh, that’s right, I remember the argument ... it was Marga Norska, our representative from Altorum. He was talking about armed rebellion of all things, giving up our peaceful ways ...”
“And what does he do in Altorum?”
“Why .. he’s off the grid ... he works full time for Sa Domari. He used to be a history lecturer at The Third School in Habravand, the Altorum capital  ... I wonder how he is getting on ... do say hello for me if you see him ...”
“So he was a history lecturer at the Habravand Sa Intrius Ket. That is good to know. But you mentioned an argument at this meeting ... who was he arguing with?”
“Who? ... let me think ... it was someone I have met before ... that’s right, it was a woman ... Kaza Greefor ... she’s from Zianta, in the great Kontari ocean ... a very forthright woman ... she does not listen gladly to fools as they say ... she agreed with me ... we should not take up arms ... we should follow the path of peaceful resistance ...”
“And is she off the grid, this Kaza?”
“No ... in fact she is like me ... she is a senior in Zianta’s Council of Information ... they suspect nothing ...”
“So she works for Sa Intrium Dra. And how long has she been Sa Domari?”
“Probably as long as me ... twenty to thirty years ... but she is a long way away ... tell me, is Viana close? Have you brought her here? I’m sure she could answer your questions better than I can ... what can be keeping her? ...”
At that moment, the interrogator typed in a command  to his viewer and Alvo heard the gas stop hissing into the plastic chamber. 
“You have done well today,” the interrogator said. “We do not wish to use too much of the gas, your safety is paramount in our thoughts. However, we will look into the information you have given us and perhaps we can discuss who else was at the meeting you mentioned and you can tell us more about Sa Domari, we are finding your account quite fascinating. And do not worry, the people you mention will not come to any harm. We merely need to know their names for administrative reasons. We like to be fully informed of the trends in Charos society. We will send you back to your cell now and you can get some rest. That is all for today.”
“And Viana?” Alvo said. “Will she be here tomorrow? ... will you ask her some questions too? ...” But the interrogator made no reply and turned and began an earnest conversation with Darg Karlin that Alvo could not hear. A few moments later the plastic shell lifted off  Alvo and the two Sa Tahgus officers that had brought him to the room came in and undid his straps, lifted him by the arms, walked and half carried him, stumbling, back to his cell, where once again he collapsed on the bed, wondering what he had said and feeling like he could sleep forever.
*
Strahger turned over the page of the report he was reading and considered it did not make for pleasant news.
“Have you read this report?” he said to Nilus who was sitting on the other side of the desk in Strahger’s office. “Surely the figures are an over-estimation?”
“I have read the report. The figures do make for alarming reading,” Nilus said. 
The report was from Strahger’s financial minister, Kahsa Norva, who oversaw all the krela houses of Charos. His ministry monitored the financial health of all of Charos’s industries and enterprises.
“He says we are looking at an overall increase of ten per cent for basic goods in just the last two years,” Strahger said.
“It is true,” Nilus said. “The prices the Great Families charge have trended steadily upwards. Temaras fibre is up twenty per cent, silta grain up thirty per cent. And the minerals we need for our vehicle fleets and electronic goods, such as portable viewers and communicators, have risen by eighteen per cent. Even the Space Programme is feeling the pinch. I hear they are going to ask for an extra eight billion krela just for the next year’s projects.”
“I am not so concerned about the Space Programme. They are vital to Charos’s future and to its ultimate destiny. They shall have everything they need. But we must be concerned about the effect on Sa Desia if the economy begins to founder. If The People begin to suffer, there will be planted the seeds of insurrection. Who will the Great Families turn to and blame if that happens? They will blame this poor grey head of mine and all who support me. Sa Desia depend on me to make their lives comfortable and prosperous.”
“Indeed they do, ah-ka. And no-one is blaming you for this turn of events. It is greed that is at the heart of it. You must issued an edict, restricting the percentages the Great Families charge. They will cry tears in their wine as they say, but The People will show you their gratitude.”
“Yes ... you are right. We must not wait any longer to act. Could you prepare something, a simple statement that I can present to The Council at the next meeting? A statement that makes clear to the Great Families who really rules Charos?”
“Consider it done, ah-ka.”
At that moment, Strahger’s desk viewer began to chime, indicating there was a call for him. He activated the viewer and the holographic image of Darg Karlin appeared.
“Greetings, ah-ka,” Karlin said. “I hope I have not caught you at an inopportune moment, but I have what I think you will feel is good news.”
“You have only disturbed  the lumbering mechanics of the affairs of state,” Strahger said. “And I would certainly welcome some good news as Kahsa Norva tells me the economy is about to sink us all.”
“Well ... I don’t know about that,” Karlin said. “But you may be pleased to hear we have made something of a breakthrough in regard to Sa Domari.”
“Really? That would indeed be good news.”
“Yes ... you remember just before the Grand Parliament I was telling you about the case of one Alvo Thoria? The Sa Intrium Dra senior here in Strahgervand? The man Sa Domari tried to break out of prison and lost two of their men in the process? The case that began with the digital card that was quantum encoded, that we could not read? That was being delivered to the diplomatic function?”
“Yes, of course. You suspected Thoria of being quite highly placed in Sa Domari  I believe?”
“That’s right. Well, we have been questioning him with our new interrogation drug and he has sung quite the song.”
“Oh yes?”
“Indeed ... he tells us he is the senior Sa Domari operative in Strahgervand and in fact is their chief contact for all of Tolmara. He has also given us two names of the Sa Domari leadership. One is the leader of Sa Domari in Altorum and one is from the island of Zianta.”
“But this is splendid news. Have you acted on this intelligence?”
“The Altorum leader is something of a problem. He is a former history lecturer at the Altorum Third School, but he has been off the grid for a number of years and will take some time to track down. But we are doing an AI search on our facial recognition camera databanks and we should eventually find him. The other leader, a woman from the Sa Intrium Dra in Zianta is to be arrested as soon as possible. I’ll warrant one or two sessions with the Cap will loosen her tongue.”
“You and your personnel have excelled yourselves. Can this Alvo Thoria be induced to divulge even more names and information? How is he standing up to interrogation?”
“Well ... he also gave us the location of the Sa Domari Headquarters here in Strahgervand. An old warehouse in the abandoned southern district. We sent a squad there as soon as possible and they found the site, but it was deserted. They probably cleared out their equipment and left as soon as Thoria was recaptured, knowing he would eventually talk. But I would not like to push him too far. He has absorbed quite a lot of the the interrogation drug and as I indicated to you earlier there is a risk associated with it. The more that he resists, the more of the drug that is needed. As a side effect it damages the brain and body. If too much of the drug is given, he could die.”
“Yes, it would not do to kill off such a rich vein of information. But you are right. This does sound like the breakthrough we had hoped for. Between Thoria and the woman in Zianta, and if we can find this errant history teacher, we should be able to find out the names of all of the Sa Domari High Command. Why ... this could be the beginning of a fatal blow for them. When do you plan to start interrogating Thoria again? I think I would like to be there to hear his next song.”
“Well ... as I have said, he has taken a lot of the drug into his system. It is cumulative and one more dose could be the fatal one. I planned to rest him for a dozen tiah or so, then put him back in the chamber. I would wait longer, but as I said to you when I first spoke to you about him, I suspect there is something he knows that he is still holding back from us. Something that is going to happen soon. That is why I believe Sa Domari went to such effort to free him, to still his tongue and protect their plans. If we can find that out, that indeed could be a fatal blow as you say.”
“Yes ... well, I will trust to your judgement in these matters. But let me know in good time when you plan to administer the drug again and continue the interrogation, and I will attend. You have made my day Darg. Well done indeed.”
“Thank you ah-ka. We at Sa Tahgus do our best for all of Charos. It is nice to be appreciated occasionally. I will contact you as to when the next interrogation is to take place. For now, ar nosa.”
“Ar nosa, Darg.” Strahger’s viewer flickered for a moment and then the image of the Sa Tahgus head was gone. 
*
Laria felt the torpid air around her like a thick blanket. The silda suit she was wearing, with its thermal regulators on full, barley coped with the heat and humidity, she was starting to sweat and  a sheen of moisture was on her brow. In front of her were Vanta and Danah, still with his black bag in hand, and leading them on, Corvah, a pack on his back, a hunting rifle in hand, who seemed intent on making a rapid journey, never pausing, never stumbling, seeming to know his way instinctively through some hidden path in the jungle, although he was using a hand held compass. Laria glanced about her occasionally, but the vegetation and great rain forest trees all looked alike to her. There were small, brownish, waist high fern-like plants that slapped at her legs as she went past, there was a profusion of plants she recognised from text books in long ago school days, such as the pagari, with its large round leaves that glistened with the moisture raining down from the trees above. And everywhere along their path were the asperian flowers in bright crimson and pink, with their black, sticky interiors ready to catch any insect prey and in the occasional pool of water, the kalia lilies, their indigo petals shining. Laria could sometimes hear moving about in the jungle and in the tree tops, some kind of animal life, but she had seen nothing. And looming over it all, their canopies of leaves blocking out the sun, were the great kori trees, their black trunks reaching far into the sky.
Laria felt an ache in her leg muscles and estimated they had been walking for about three tiah, she was wondering if she could keep up such a pace for the rest of the day when the four of them came to what seemed a natural clearing. She felt the hot sun on her face and a warm breeze. It was good to be out of the endless jungle. Corvah stopped and took off his back pack, resting it on the ground.
“We are getting close to the village of Takamori,” he said. “We will rest here for around half a tiah before making the rest of the journey. I have some food and drink for us all. It is not much, but it will give you the strength for the rest of the march.”
“Is it much further?” Laria said. “My muscles are not used to such a long endeavour.”
“I too am feeling the strain,” Danah said, putting down his bag. “My legs are complaining.”
“It is about half the distance we have already covered,” Corvah said. “I’m sure it is not beyond your capabilities. Once you have had something to eat and drink you will regain your strength. Come ... let us sit on that fallen tree in the shade and take nourishment.”
Laria followed the others to the opposite side of the clearing, where an ancient kori tree had fallen long ago and now provided an opportune seat for them all. When they were all seated, Corvah set his rifle against the tree trunk, opened his pack and handed out bread and suikan meat wrapped up in paper and a bottle of water for each of them. Laria, though she was weary, ate with relish the meat and bread and drank down the water, feeling satisfaction as it cooled her parched lips and throat. They ate and drank in silence and when they were finished they placed the empty bottles and food wrapping paper back into Corvah’s pack. They sat quietly for a moment or two and all that could be heard were the distant calling of various birds and the soft sighing of the wind. At length, Vanta spoke.
“So how do things fare in Creethum?” he said, addressing Corvah. “We heard back in Tolmara that Strahger and The Council are planning to send another twenty thousand troops here. They are bringing the latest in armaments and personnel carriers. It seems they seek to strike a decisive blow.”
“Yes ... this information has reached us here also,” Corvah said. “But we are undeterred. This will not be the first time our Tolmaran masters have tried to crush us into extinction. But what they don’t realise is that they fight for the exploitation of our natural resources, our forests and our minerals, while we fight for an ideal - the freedom of our homeland. The Tolmaran soldiers lack motivation. They are far from home and do not see any good coming from their long years of war. They drink and gamble, then out in the field they die and they are wounded to keep ‘The Bringer of Grief’ satisfied that he  still rules the world. Strahger does not understand the Creethum people. He thinks we will be cowed into submission if he just keeps applying enough force. But our blood is in this land, the bones of our ancestors buried in its dust. We have fought off many oppressors since contact was first made with the outside world some thousand years ago, and Strahger will prove no different.” 
“I hope you are right and  that as little Creethum blood as possible will be spilled,” Vanta said. “But it may be many years yet before Strahger and The Council lift the chains that bind Creethum. Although there is a shift in the wind around Charos and the four of us here today are part of that shift. I wish I could tell you more ... I’m sure it would gladden your heart.” 
“I of course, am curious as to what three travellers from Tolmara are doing trekking through the Creethum jungle,” Corvah said. “But I follow my orders and they are to get you safely to Takamori, the village closest to the Space Elevator with no questions asked. I trust that you serve the cause as I do and  that you are here to strike a blow against Strahger and his minions in Sa Jatah.”
“I will say this much,” Vanta said. “If we succeed it will be a blow Strahger will not quickly forget.”
“So much the better,” Corvah said. “And we of Creethum are glad to be a part of it. We fight not just to free our fair island but for all of Charos.”
Laria listened to this conversation and hoped that Vanta would be proved right. Although she wondered once again, how the three of them could hope to reach Earth. It seemed a remote possibility sitting in the middle of nowhere in the depths of the Creethum jungle. She stood up and stretched, her muscles somewhat aching and she took a few steps away from the log, into the cool shade of the jungle. She was just about to turn back to the clearing when there was a sudden movement in the bushes beside her. She turned to see what the noise was and there staring at her was an animal, about one and a half metres high, on two legs, short forearms with prominent claws, covered in scales, its head and snout oval shaped, in its mouth, threateningly bared, were long vicious looking teeth.
Laria suddenly seized by fear, turned and began to run back into the clearing. With a piercing hissing shriek, the animal chased her. Just as it was about to lock its jaws upon her, Corvah threw himself in its path, grappling with it as it attacked. The two of them struggled on the ground, Corvah having knocked the creature off its feet, and all was confusion for a few seconds. Then a rifle shot rang out and Laria turned  to see the beast fall to the ground in a spray of blood. It lay on its side and twitched for a moment or two, then went still. Laria took in the scene. Vanta stood with the rifle in his hands, still training it on the animal in case it was not quite dead, Corvah lay on the ground, a deep wound in his neck, bleeding profusely, lacerations all over his arms and body. Laria stood paralysed for a moment, her heart pounding, her breathing shallow. Then she collected herself and ran over to where Corvah lay. She knelt beside him and placed her hand over the wound in his neck, trying to apply pressure to staunch the bleeding. Vanta put down the rifle and he and Danah knelt beside Corvah also.
“He’s going to bleed to death if we don’t do something,” Laria said. “Are there any bandages or cloths in his backpack?”
Danah leapt up from where he was crouching and fetched the backpack. He looked inside but then shook his head. “There’s nothing,” he said. “Just more water bottles.”
“Here, try this,” Vanta said and tore off with his bare hand the left sleeve of his silda suit. He handed it to Laria who bunched it up and used it to try and stem the flow of blood.
“It’s not making much of a difference,” Laria said. “Oh sweet Domah! Don’t die on us Corvah. If only I hadn’t stepped into the jungle, that beast would have left us alone.”
Before anyone could reply, Corvah seemed to rally himself and gestured to Laria to come close. She continued trying to stop the bleeding and put her ear next to Corvah’s mouth. He whispered a few words and then slumped back, his eyes glazing over. Then, in the next moment, his eyes closed and his breathing stopped. He was dead.
“No Corvah!” Laria said. “Don’t leave us now. Let’s try and massage his heart. He might come round.”
“There is no point,” Vanta said. “Look how much blood he has lost. I’m afraid he’s gone Laria.”
Laria looked at their stricken guide and realised Vanta was right. If they had been in the safety of civilization, Corvah would not have survived even a rapid trip to a hospital. If only she had not wandered into the jungle, Laria thought. Why had Corvah thrown away his life? Surely it should have been her? But there it was, he had died saving her from the same fate,  died for the sake of the mission, for the sake of Creethum and all of Charos. He had not thought about it but acted in a split second, not enough time to get the rifle before the beast would have had its claws into her. She was dismayed and still severely shaken, but at the same time she was grateful that she was still alive thanks to the courage of a man she had known barely a day. 
“So what were his last words to you?” Vanta said, interrupting her thoughts.
“He said ... ‘north east’ and then ...‘waterfall’. He said it twice before he passed.”
“He was a brave man,” Vanta said. “Even in his last breath he was thinking of us.”
 “So what are we to do?” Danah said. “Do we go on? Or should we turn back? Can we even find the way?”
“I say we go on,” Vanta said. “We are only a couple of tiah’s march from the village. We have Corvah’s compass, some water and I hope some determination. What do you both say?”
“I say ... go on,” Danah said. “It will be less distance than turning back and we still have a good chance of fulfilling our task.”
“I say go on, also,” Laria said. “Then Corvah would not have died in vain.” 
“So be it,” Vanta said. “Let us take the compass and the water and be on our way before anymore beasts attack.” So saying, he reached down to the deceased Corvah and took the compass from his hand, then he picked up the backpack and slung it on. Finally, he picked up the rifle and looking at the compass, began to walk, Danah and Laria following.
*
About two tiah later, Laria was wondering if the jungle would ever end. It seemed to her they had hardly travelled any distance. Where exactly were they she wondered? The others did not express any concern and seemed intent on concentrating on only the seemingly endless march. If they were lost, Vanta as their leader, gave no sense that anything was amiss, he just concentrated on the compass in his hand and pushed his way through the foliage, presumably going in the right direction. Laria was thinking about asking the others to stop for a rest, but she held her tongue. She did not want to admit she was nearly exhausted, not when the others went on uncomplaining. She gritted her teeth and marched on, feeling the heat and the ache in her legs, but reminding herself what was at stake, that Charos and indeed the Earth, depended on the three of them reaching their goal. But a few moments later, she was relieved when they came to another natural clearing and stepped out into the full glare of the sunshine and Vanta stopped and looked around him.
“We should be getting close to the waterfall Corvah mentioned,” he said. “And to the village. He said back at the first clearing before we stopped for a rest that it was only about half the distance we had already walked.”
“And have we stayed on course?” Danah said. “Have we been heading north east all this time?”
“Yes. For the most part,” Vanta said. “We have had to detour round some of the bigger trees, but I am confident we have been steering north east all this while. I don’t suppose that there’s much choice but to continue, we should -”
“Just a moment!” Danah said, holding up his hand. “Listen! Can you hear it? Just faint? It sounds like running water.”
Laria stood stock still as did Vanta and Danah. She could hear the wind, the rustle of the trees, the distant sound of birds, but was there something else? Yes! She could hear it! It did sound like water, faint but clear.
“I hear it too,” she said.
“I also hear it,” Vanta said. “It’s coming from that direction. Just a few degrees off where we’ve been headed. Shall we walk on or do you need to rest?”
“I say walk on,” Danah said. “There will be plenty of time to rest when we reach the village.”
“I say walk on, also,” Laria said, although her aching limbs made her want to call for immediate rest. But she did not want to hold the three of them back, did not want to be the one that delayed the achievement of their goal.
“Very well then,” said Vanta. “Let us now follow our ears and hope that Corvah’s last words have brought us to safety.” 
So saying, he and Danah set off at a brisk pace back into the jungle and Laria followed, the thought that their destination might be within reach giving new strength to her tired muscles.
About twenty minutes later there could be no doubt they had walked in the right direction. The sound of water was now loud and constant. A few minutes more and they were there. They stepped out of the jungle and there was the waterfall Corvah had spoken about. And not only that, there were five Creethum women, dressed in brown and green silda suits, fishing at the edge of a large pool the waterfall cascaded into from its some thirty to forty metres height. The Creethum women saw them and stopped what they were doing, putting down their fishing rods. They stood and stared at the three strangers. Laria was wondering what they should do, aware that they must have looked a disturbing sight, Vanta with his suit arm gone, her arms and hands still speckled with blood. Vanta stepped forward and spoke.
“Do any of you speak Tolmaran?” he said. The five women looked blankly at him. “We don’t speak Creethum. We are friends of Corvah. Corvah was guiding us to the village of Takamori near the Space Elevator. Are we near the village?” This seemed to strike a chord. The women smiled and the tallest of them gestured to them to come forward. 
“Corvah,” she said still smiling, and then a sentence in Creethum. “Takamori,  Corvah,” she said again and the Creethum women picked up their rods and fishing gear and the tall woman gestured to the three travellers to follow them. So they trekked back into the jungle for a few minutes, up a short rise and then the forest opened out and they found themselves overlooking a wide valley.
Laria was glad that at last they were out of the depths of the jungle. She could see about a delka or so ahead what she took to be Takamori, a collection of about two hundred simple looking houses and buildings with a few scraps of grey smoke drifting up into the sky. A road ran through and out of the village and in the far distance she could see the coast and a glimpse of the sea. On the coast, she could just make out a group of several large buildings and the cables of the Space Elevator, faint but visible, soaring up and away into the distant clouds and disappearing from view into the deeps of the sky. Laria felt a sudden sense of elation that almost seemed to banish her weariness. They had made it! They were almost there. They had crossed the great oceans of Charos, they had survived a violent storm and near discovery, the loss of Corvah, but they were almost at their destination. Could it be that they were going to succeed? That they really would journey to Earth and bring them warning? She walked on at the back of the party, a new impetus in her steps and it was with mainly a feeling of relief that about forty minutes later they entered the village.
Laria took in the sight and realised that what she was seeing was for the most part a traditional Creethum lifestyle. Their houses were built with angled roofs that were thatched with some kind of brownish bark. The walls of the houses were plastered with what looked like some kind of earth or mud. But they were not entirely traditional, most of the dwellings had satellite dishes on their roofs, connecting household viewers to the rest of Charos. The ground underfoot was dry and dusty, unpaved, the rainy season not having started as yet. Some of the buildings seemed to be small factories and had chimneys of some kind of stone, from which wreaths of smoke were twisting upwards into the blue sky. A pen made of smooth cut tree branches held a number of epah, which scuffled about in the dust. Next to that pen, was another larger one, holding a dozen or so suikan, which stood with their large, wide mouths, chewing, watching the newcomers. The villagers, men, women and children, dressed in silda suits or in some cases colourful robes, stopped what they were doing and watched the procession of the eight of them, no doubt wondering at the sight of the strangers and their bloodied clothes and hands.
At the centre of the village, they came to a large structure with a carved lintel above the door, picturing animals and birds and mythical creatures. The Creethum woman who had led them from the waterfall, gestured to them to follow her inside. Laria entered last and her eyes took a moment to adjust to the gloom. She looked around and saw wooden panels on all four walls, with intricate carvings similar to the ones on the lintel, depictions of ancient faces and strange, half people-half animal creatures. At the far end of the building, which Laria guessed was a communal meeting house, was an altar, with a bowl upon it giving out a vapour of smoke as some sort of incense gave off a pungent, earthy aroma. Then, seeming to emerge out of the very shadows, a tall, grey haired, elderly Creethum woman, dressed in a purple robe with gold inlay, stepped forward and there was a rapid conversation between her and the Creethum woman who had led them from the waterfall, amongst which Laria could make out the word ‘Corvah’ spoken several times. A few moments later, the Creethum woman from the waterfall left the building and the old Creethum woman approached the three travellers.
“I am Makanah, the leader of Takamori,” she said in a low, almost melancholy voice, speaking in perfect Tolmaran. “We bid you welcome but we are concerned, we were expecting you almost two tiah ago. And I see Corvah is not with you.”
“I’m afraid we have bad news as far as Corvah goes,” Vanta said. “Some kind of animal, with scales and claws, an oval head and large vicious teeth. It went to attack Laria here and Corvah  threw himself in its path and struggled with it. I grabbed the rifle and managed to shoot it dead but not before it savaged Corvah. He was bleeding from the throat ... we tried to staunch the bleeding ... but it was no use ... he died saving Laria’s life. And with his dying words he gave us directions to get here ... I’m sorry ...”
Makanah nodded her head and looked at each of them in turn, seeming to consider her words.
“It does not surprise me he died trying to save you. His was a stout heart and a fine mind. He would walk the stony road barefoot with you on his back as the saying goes. He was a good soldier and dedicated to freeing Creethum and all of Charos. He was not born of our village but he was known to all who travel  the jungle paths of Creethum and fight the Tolmaran military, fight for our culture. I am shocked and deeply saddened by this news, but it seemed he did not die in vain, for you are here and he has discharged his last task with honour. Can you tell me where he fell? How far away it is?”
Vanta gave a brief description of the clearing and the fallen tree and the direction they had walked until they found the waterfall.
Makanah  listened intently and nodded her head as he spoke. “Bare with me a moment,” she said and she went to the door and called out to someone outside, speaking in Creethum. Once again they could hear the name Corvah spoken several times. A moment or two later Makanah came back to the three travellers. 
 “I have issued instructions that a party is to travel to the place you described, which is known to us, and we will retrieve Corvah’s body so it may be sent to his home village for a traditional burial. The animal that took his life was a varka, once worshiped as a god of the forest. Very rare these days but dangerous  when hungry or threatened. Corvah’s death is a great loss to the Creethum people and their cause. I doubt we will see his like again in my time. But as I have said, he has completed his last task with valour and you stand before me unharmed. Now ... I don’t know why you have come to our village, I have not been given that information for the sake of security, but we have pledged to give you shelter and sustenance and we hope your mission will be a successful one, no doubt to do with the Space Elevator that looms so large on the near horizon. I will not ask you your purpose, we will merely treat you as honoured guests and wish you good fortune in your endeavours and that whatever dangers you face, you may overcome them.
“Come with me now and we will give you clean robes to wear, good food and water and a dwelling set aside for you to spend the night as I understand you are leaving us in the morning. Let us all hope that Corvah’s death will be remembered in our songs as a step towards victory. Come ... to food and drink, clean clothes and rest. Follow me.”
___   ___   ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Twelve

A strange chattering cry from some animal in the nearby jungle, brought Laria out of her sleep. She lay still for a few moments, re-orienting herself as to where she was. In a moment it all came back to her; the trek through the rain forest, the attack of the varka, the death of Corvah and finally reaching sanctuary in Takamori. 
Makanah was as good as her word, and the three of them had been made welcome in the village, given a house to stay in with three comfortable beds, a viewer and bathing facilities, where each one of them gratefully washed off the detritus of their trek through the hot and humid jungle. Then they were fed on traditional dishes of Creethum, a range of spicy and aromatic foods that pleased the taste buds as well as the stomach. When that was all done and night had fallen, a bright Kata and the moon, Jota, painting the rain forest and the village houses in shades of grey and white, the three travellers were left to their own devices. Laria noted that none of the villagers, though they brought them food and clothing and tended to their every need, asked a question of them or sought to discover the meaning of these strange foreigners being in their village. She was grateful not to have to explain herself and she went to bed early, the image of a dying Corvah coming back and back into her mind as she sought sleep, but finally her body gave in to the days exertions and she had fallen into a deep and dreamless slumber.
But now the sun was up and Kata too was high in the sky, the day had begun. Laria slipped out of bed and stood up and stretched. Vanta and Danah’s beds lay empty and they were not in the house. Laria did her morning ablutions, grateful for the feel of cool water on her face, fully waking her up. She put on the sky blue robe the villagers had given her the day before and stepped out of the house in search of her companions. She walked through the village and its inhabitants that she passed, smiled and nodded to her though none spoke. After a short walk, she found herself at the meeting house they had first come to the day before and she stepped through the open door. Seated on the floor on ornately decorated cushions, a meal on a low table set before them, were Vanta and Danah, in conversation with Makanah. They turned towards her as she entered.
“I was just about to come and wake you,” Vanta said. “We thought we should leave you resting as long as possible. But the time slips away and we will be leaving in about one tiah.”
 “Time enough for you to eat and drink to welcome the morning,” Makanah said. “Come, sit with us.”
Laria sat down on a vacant cushion and needing no further persuasion began to sample the food on the table. She ate a bowl of some kind of grain, which was doused in a clear sweet sauce and left a tangy aftertaste on the tongue. She also helped herself to pieces of sweet yellow ledah and red salah fruit. She fiinished off with a cup of hot rahgi that brought her fully awake. She was about to thank her host Makanah when there came the sound of a vehicle pulling up outside the meeting house. Makanah rose at once and went to the door, the three travellers getting up and following her. Laria’s heart sank when she reached the door and saw outside a Sa Tahgus vehicle and getting out of it a Sa Tahgus officer dressed in the standard grey and black uniform. Just when Laria was convinced they had been discovered, the Sa Tahgus officer came forward and faced Vanta. 
“ Are you travelling far today?” the Sa Tahgus officer said.
“Only as far as the sea,” Vanta replied. Then the two men broke into smiles and grasped each others wrists in the traditional Tolmaran greeting.
“It has been too long since we have seen you,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “And not even a courtesy call on the viewer.” 
“You know I’m not one for sentiment,” Vanta said. “Unfortunately the struggle has kept me away from our favourite eating and drinking houses.”
“I understand,” said the Sa Tahgus officer. “But we must remedy that one day. When Charos is free perhaps.”
“A day that cannot come too soon,” Vanta said. “But come inside and let us discuss our plans. My companions are wondering who you are and what awaits them.” The two men turned towards the door and Makanah stepped aside.
“I will leave you now,” she said to Vanta. “My task is done and to know too much is to invite calamity into the happy house. If there is anything more we can do for you, just say  the word and we will help if it is within our power. I give you the meeting house for your preparations whatever they may be and I wish you success in your mission. Ar nosa and fight well.” So saying, she walked away towards one of the village houses. A few curious villagers stood looking at the strange scene of the three mysterious travellers greeting a Sa Tahgus officer, but they followed Makanah’s lead and disappeared into their houses, leaving the visitors alone.
A few moments later, Laria and the others were back inside the meeting house, seated on the cushions. Laria looked at their new companion, tall, with sharply defined cheekbones and large eyes with a piercing gaze. He looked every inch the Sa Tahgus officer, so convincing Laria found it hard to believe he was actually Sa Domari. 
“This is our Sa Domari contact here in Creethum,” Vanta said. “I will not tell you his real name in case one of you is captured and forced to talk. We will simply call him, Jarno, for the duration of our mission. He is going to drive us to the Space Elevator and get us through the security checkpoint. Then we are on our own.”
“But how do we get through the checkpoint?” Laria said. “Surely they will be looking for us by now. We will trigger the facial recognition cameras.”
“Not a problem,” Vanta said. “Jarno has with him disguises for the three of us. They are silicon based masks that are virtually undetectable and can fool any facial recognition cameras. We will be taking the place of three Altorum scientists, a woman and two men, who have been invited to watch the launch of the Maro.”
“But what about the real scientists?” Danah said. “What happens if they show up?”
“That has been taken care of,” Jarno said. “At this very moment they are being held incommunicado at a Sa Domari safe house, here in Creethum. We intercepted their vehicle and detained them a few tiah ago. They will be held for as long as it takes for the Maro to launch and then released unharmed.”
“How do we get on board the Maro?” Laria said. “Do we just take it from under their noses?”
“Suffice to say, we have a plan,” Vanta said. “I will reveal more to you once we are on board the space station at the top of the elevator. The less you know, the less you can reveal.”
“But the time for talk is past,” Jarno said. “We had better get under way before too long or there will be questions asked about where the three scientists have gotten to. Now it is time for you to take on your new identities. I will return in a moment.” So saying, he stood up and walked out to the vehicle, returning a few moments later with a large black suitcase which he placed on the floor and opened. Laria could see it contained the three masks, clothes and various other paraphernalia. 
In the space of the next few minutes, Jarno fitted the masks for each of them, Laria feeling the strange itching sensation as it clung to her skin. Next they were fitted with retinal contact lenses and false fingerprints. Then they all changed into white silda suits that fitted well and Jarno presented each of them with a portable viewer and communicator and identity cards. When all was done, he stood back and surveyed his handiwork.
“You all look good enough to invite round for dinner,” he said with a smile. “I’m sure you will pass through the security check without problems. The portable viewers are just for show, except for Vanta’s, and there are items of luggage for each of you in the vehicle as the three scientists were expected to stay the night on the space station. But now it is time to learn your new identities.” He pointed to Vanta. “You are now Gylam Hayva.” He pointed to Danah. “You are now Armun Tupori.” Then to Laria. “And you are Zayda Vassi. All three of you are astrophysicists from Habravand in Altorum. If you find yourselves forgetting, just look at your identity cards. Try not to talk to anyone and act always in a confident manner. Well ... that’s about it. I’m sorry there isn’t time to brief you on the people you are impersonating, but if anyone questions you, just remain calm. The disguises are very effective and can stand any close inspection. Right ... any questions? All right then ... let us go and make history.”
At that, Jarno picked up the now empty suitcase and Laria and the others followed him to the vehicle. They clambered aboard and with a backward glance from Laria at the village that had been so hospitable to them, they drove away down the dusty road. 

After about fifteen to twenty minutes driving, the unpaved jungle road led on to the highway that ran all the way to the Space Elevator. Laria felt a growing sense of nervousness as they travelled and she felt strange, the mask clinging to her face and the new clothes adding to a feeling of disquiet. Could they really get away with this, she wondered? Surely they would be discovered? And what then for poor unsuspecting Earth, what then for Charos and indeed for herself and her companions? But she comforted herself and tried to ease her anxiety with the thought that they had come so far and gotten so close, it would be damned bad luck to be foiled now. She kept her doubts to herself, the others did not speak and it was a mere half a tiah or so later when she could see ahead the cables of the Space Elevator, looming up into the sky and the tall white buildings of the ground station coming into view.
A few more minutes later, as they drove down a slight incline, Laria could see the buildings in detail. At the centre of the complex was a large, white, hangar shaped building that the Elevator cables ran into through its roof and disappeared from sight. On either side of this building were two five story office style blocks with many windows. There was also a profusion of  smaller buildings which looked as if they were dormitories of some sort and behind all of these a large, grey, also hangar like building that looked as if it might be some kind of workshop. At the front of all this was a large car park that was filled with dozens of vehicles, some of them belonging to Sa Tahgus.
Laria had seen the Creethum Space Elevator facility many times on the viewer when she was at work at the Space Research Centre, but she saw now how vast and impressive it really was. She thought for a few moments about what she knew of the technology. That some ninety six thousand kilometres above them the cables were joined onto a counterweight, an asteroid that had been captured and outfitted for the purpose. At about thirty six thousand kilometres up was the platform, a space station where at this very moment the Maro sat tethered, ready to launch on its historic mission. The cables that ran to the platform were made from carbon nanotubes fibre and were designed to withstand corrosion, micro meteorites and the cold of space. They were held taut primarily by the rotational acceleration of Charos. A carriage that could hold about fifty people would travel up the cables, mechanically crawling up to one hundred kilometres, taking about an hour and then a small liquid oxygen-propylene engine would ignite once they were beyond the reach of gravity, taking about another two hours to reach the platform. Laria had seen all the technology working many times although she never thought that one day she would be riding it herself. However, she had no qualms as the Space Elevator had a perfect safety record and there were seldom any major technical problems
 But now she began to feel some anxiety, her heart beginning to beat a little faster, for they were approaching the ground station’s security gate, a fixture of solid metal with robot sentries on either side, armed and ready, a small guardhouse to the right where she could see half a dozen military and Sa Tahgus personnel on duty. There were two or three cars in front of them as they slowed and stopped and Laria could see the Sa Tahgus officers inspecting the vehicles and questioning the drivers. When they were satisfied, they gave a waved signal to the guardhouse and the metal gate slid open. Just when Laria’s nerves seemed to be getting the better of her and she wondered if she could really act the part of the scientist she was impersonating, that the mask would really be undetectable, Jarno interrupted her thoughts.
“This is the worst moment,” he said. “Just keep your breathing steady and try and stay relaxed. They will ask to see your ID cards and they will scan us with a hand held camera connected to their facial recognition system, but don’t worry, these masks fool it every time. It’s all routine to them so they won’t be expecting any trouble. Don’t say anything unless they ask you a direct question. Leave the talking to me. Okay, it’s our turn ... here we go. Remember ... think calm.”
They drove up the last few metres to the gate and an armed, tall, broad shouldered Sa Tahgus officer stepped forward and looked at each of them through the windows.
“Your identity cards, please,” he said in a rough voice. Laria handed hers forward and Vanta and Danah did the same. The guard checked each card, looking up at them each time as he did so. 
“We were expecting you about two tiah ago,” he said, addressing Jarno. “Is there some kind of problem?”
“We had some mechanical troubles,” Jarno said. He thumped his fist on the steering yoke. “This old bag of bolts should have been replaced two seasons ago. It’s the tropical air I think. They don’t make them like they used to.”
“Too true brother, too true,” the Sa Tahgus officer said. “Oh well ... you’re here now and that’s the main thing. I’ll just give you all a quick scan.” So saying, he pointed  the hand held camera at each of their faces in turn and then looked at its small monitor screen for a moment. “Well that’s fine,” he said. “You all check out. You should still be able to make the next carriage if you hurry. That’s it ... enjoy your journey.” He stepped back and waved to the guardhouse. The metal gate slid open with a slight grinding noise and Jarno raised his hand and waved to the Sa Tahgus officer as they drove through. Inside the compound Jarno parked the vehicle and turned towards his passengers.
“This is as far as I go,” he said. “You’d better hurry or you’ll miss the carriage and the launch. Just remember, no-one will suspect you as long as you stay calm. The masks are virtually foolproof and you all really look the part. Now ... out we get, and I wish you all success.” So saying, he got out of the vehicle and the others followed. Jarno fetched their luggage from the trunk and gave each of them their allotted bags.
“Ar nosa,” he said when they were ready. “Go with luck and fight well.” He got back into the vehicle and with just a wave goodbye, drove back towards the gate.
The three travellers picked up their luggage and walked across the car park to the ground station entrance. They passed two more armed Sa Tahgus officers at the door and then found themselves in a wide concourse. In its centre were the two carriages that would take them to the space station above. They were cylindrical and large, with a row of windows down either side, the thick cables running from their roofs out into the sky, large metal anchors holding them to the ground. There many were people walking with purpose, looking busy and a few soldiers milled about, looking bored, their weapons pointed to the ground. The three of them found the administration desk and reported in, showing their identity cards once again. They were directed to the carriage that was ready to make the next journey and joined the queue, waiting to board. At last they came to the hatch of the carriage and a Tolmaran official checked their identity cards against a manifest she had on a hand held computer.
“Welcome aboard,” the official said. “We hope you have a pleasant journey.” 
Laria stepped into the carriage and followed her two companions to a row of about twenty five seats that ran down the left hand side. Opposite was another row of twenty five seats which were already full up with those going to watch the launch of the Maro. Laria  put her luggage in an overhead locker, took her seat and strapped on the safety harness as did the others. She looked around her with interest. There were two large metal tubes in the centre of the carriage that the cables ran through and at the far end was a small control cubicle with a computer console. A ground station official, dressed in a white silda suit as were many of the other travellers, sat at the console and waited patiently for the carriage to be full. Laria still felt nervous, but it was only a small sensation of anxiety. No-one in the carriage seemed to give her a second glance and this gave her confidence that their ruse was working.
At last, after about another fifteen minutes, all the seats were full and the hatch to the carriage was closed. The ground station official at the computer control console switched on a public address system and began speaking in Tolmaran.
“Ar nosa everyone,” he said. “I hope you are all seated comfortably. In a few moments I will initiate the climbing engine and we will begin to ascend the cables. The climbing mechanism will take us to about one hundred delka above ground, into the first reaches of space. That will take about one tiah. At that point we will be in micro-gravity and you will experience weightlessness. Please remain seated and do not unfasten your safety harnesses. After that height is reached, I will initiate our liquid oxygen-propylene engine for a ten minute burn which will carry us the remaining distance to the space station. That portion of the journey will take about another two tiah. Please remember, we have a perfect safety record and I hope you enjoy your journey with us. Thank you. Here we go.”
 At that, he turned to the viewer in the centre of his console and began flicking switches. The carriage lurched into life and began to lift. Laria could not help but feel a sense of excitement. She was really going into space! Her lifelong dream was being realised. She told herself to be calm and remember the serious purpose and the risks they were undertaking but she felt somewhat awed that she was really making such a momentous journey.
About one tiah later, the sky out the windows had turned from a deep blue to almost complete darkness. Then in the next few moments, Laria felt her body become light and lift slightly off her seat. The ground station official spoke again.
“As you can probably tell by now,” he said. “We have passed into micro-gravity and you will be feeling the sensation of weightlessness. I am now going to initiate the main stage of the propulsion. You will feel a force of about one and a half Gs for about one tenth of a tiah.  Please do not be alarmed, the sensation is quite normal. All right ... stand by ... initiating ... now!”
The carriage lurched again and Laria felt herself pushed firmly into her seat. It was a little uncomfortable, almost as if someone was sitting on her chest, but in ten or so minutes the main engine was shut off and they travelled silently upwards while outside the windows all was dark as Charos fell away. 

About two hours later, the ground station official in charge of the carriage, came back on the P.A.
“If I could have your attention again,” he said. “We are now approaching the space station and it is time to fire the retro rockets to slow our ascent. The retros will fire for about one tenth of a tiah and bring us almost to a halt. At that point the mechanical climbing mechanism will be initiated once again and it will take just a few moments to bring us into the dock. Once we are within close range of the space station, you will be able to feel the effects of its gravito-magnetic field generated by a series of large spinning superconductors which create an artificial gravity for the station. The amount of force on the station is equal to about eighty per cent of Charos gravity, so you will feel lighter on your feet. Please do not be alarmed, the sensation is quite normal and you will adjust to it in about half a tiah. But please be cautious until you are used to the new gravity. Please remain seated throughout the deceleration and docking procedure and do not remove your safety harnesses until instructed to do so. Thank you.”

About half a tiah later, after successfully docking and disembarking the elevator carriage, the three travellers found themselves in a cabin which they had been shown to by one of the space station crew. It was a little cramped, containing three beds, a small bathing room, a desk and three chairs. It had a small window through which could be seen the blue green sphere of Charos, their now distant home. Laria sat on the bed and considered how remarkable her last few days had been. All the way from Tolmara, leaving her life behind in Strahgervand, to place herself in danger and indeed, in a way, complete the calling of  her long years of work for the Space Research Centre. And so far they had succeeded. The staff on the space station accepted them for who they claimed to be and indeed who they looked like. Laria had spoken to no-one, merely said ‘yes’ and ‘thank you’ when addressed by the space station crew. And out there, a mere few hundred metres away, down the corridors, the Maro lay waiting to make its historic journey. She was considering all this when Vanta, sitting on a bed opposite her, Danah also perched on his bed, spoke to the question they were all pondering.
“So,” Vanta said. “We have made it thus far without detection. It is a credit to both of you, who are new to this kind of subterfuge, that we have come so far successfully. But the hard part is to come. The part where we take the Maro and leave behind our beloved Charos, possibly for good.” 
“How do we take the Maro?” Danah said. “There are hundreds of people on the station. Surely we can’t just walk to the spacecraft and get in?”
“That is precisely what we plan to do,” Vanta said. “Because all of those scientists and crew will be in the arms of Sava, the ancient goddess of sleep.”
“How do you mean?” Laria said.
“Simple,” Vanta said and he stood up and opened a cupboard that was above the small desk. Inside was a fire extinguisher and three gas masks. Vanta took the masks from their hooks and tossed one each to Laria and Danah, keeping the third for himself. “We have been planning this operation for a long time,” Vanta continued. “And much preparation has been done. The gas masks are a safety precaution in every cabin in case something goes wrong with the air circulation system. Well my friends, something is about to go wrong with that system.
“Some time ago, routine maintenance was undertaken on the station’s air circulation system. Some of that work, unknown and undetected by the station personnel, was carried out by Sa Domari sympathisers who placed half a dozen gas bottles in a secret location with valves and a triggering mechanism to set them off. They are filled with a clear, odourless gas that once breathed in, will render the subject unconscious within a few seconds. Anyone who breathes in the gas will remain unconscious for about one tiah. Enough time for us to get to the Maro and make our escape.”
“Won’t they have detectors monitoring the station’s atmosphere?” Laria said.
“The monitors have been adjusted to register no warning of this particular mixture of gases,” Vanta said. “And we will be the only three people on board the station wearing gas masks.”
“But how will we know that the gas has been released?” Danah said.
“By using this,” Vanta said, taking from his silda suit pocket the hand held viewer and communicator Jaro had given him. “All I have to do is type in the code numbers and the gas will be released. Then, wearing our gas masks, we walk to the Maro ... and fly away.”
“So no-one dies, we don’t have to fight our way through,” Laria said. “I think it sounds like a good plan. But once on board the Maro, how do we fly it? Won’t they be able to override any of our commands from the ground station?”
“By using this,” Vanta said, and he undid the top of his silda suit and revealed a digital card on a chain round his neck. He held up the card. “On this card are all the instructions the Maro needs to leave the dock and take us safely out to a distance from the station where the Lieth Ah Domah drive can be initiated. Next stop, fifteen days later ... Earth.”
“You must have had some expert help to come up with such a programme for that card,” Laria said.
“Indeed, expert help was at hand and has made this whole mission possible,” Vanta said. “We have good people besides yourself at the Space Research Centre who have no love for Creto Strahger or the society he has created. They too do not wish to see the malaise that bedevils Charos spread to innocent Earth.
“So there you have it ... years of planning come down to this day, high above our beloved Charos. Planning that depends on the three of us having the courage and determination to bring it to fruition. Much has been risked to get us to this stage, people have died. But I believe I can count on the two of you to make this whole enterprise work out, you have demonstrated your mettle and in the years to come, Charos, and indeed Earth, will be indebted to you. 
“That’s about it. The Maro will be prepped to fly in about three tiah from now. In a little while, the space station and ground station’s communication systems will develop a problem after being hacked by Sa Domari operatives. On the ground station, enough telemetry will be getting through to make them think the launch is proceeding as planned although they will have no visual or audio contact. When the Maro is prepared,  I will trigger the gas and we will make our move. Okay .. until then I suggest we rest and try not to become too anxious. We have been successful so far and there is every chance we can bring this off. So ... some rest, and then to make history.”
___   ___   ___
The Shadows of Charos
Chapter Thirteen

The afternoon sun came warm through the window of Creto Strahger’s office and made a splash of light on the centre of his desk, strong even though it shone through a cloud of pollution haze which clung to the upper towers of the buildings that housed Sa Intrium Mantah, The Council Wise. Strahger, his brow furrowed, was reading intently a paper report which a few moments before had been handed to him by his personal assistant, Nilus, who sat on the other side of the desk, also perusing a copy. Strahger began muttering to himself as he read.
“Is there something in there that displeases you?” Nilus said.
Strahger put down the report and sat back in his chair, resting his palms on the desk.
“I don’t know if displease is quite the right word,” he said. “I just wonder how the thoughts of Zar Kormin, my father’s old friend and a prophet of doom who came to see me so recently have found their way into the agenda for the next meeting of The Council.”
“I’m sorry ah-ka,” Nilus said. “But I thought when you gave me Zar’s climate report to read you wanted some action taken on it. I thought it should be discussed at The Council.”
Strahger drummed the fingers of his right hand on the desk. “Zar is a hero of Charos, that much is true,” he said. “But I don’t know if that qualifies him to be issuing warnings to the ten members of The Council, and indeed alarming the entire planet. All these people who speak of climate catastrophe, they have no patriotism in their hearts. They wish us to bankrupt Charos in pursuit of some sort of ... quest ... to outwit nature. Of course The People and the many industries of Charos have some effect on the atmosphere and environment, but these zealots overstate the case in the enthusiasm of their idealism.”
“I merely thought it should be discussed,” Nilus said. “After all, he has a fine mind and a great feeling for Charos. He is also a dedicated and respected scientist. Perhaps we should ensure all the Council members read his report, or a summary of it, at the least. That doesn’t bind us to any particular course of action.”
“I merely thought when I gave you Zar’s report that if you found anything of interest in it you should attention it to the appropriate authorities at Sa Intrium Drakah.  The Council of Science will know how much of it is fact or fancy, whether it is just the prattling of an old man who wishes to relive his days of glory or has some real basis for concern.”
“I have already brought the report to the attention of Sa Intrium Drakah as you suggested although as yet they have made no comment on it. If you like, I will remove its discussion from the agenda and wait to see what the Council of Science has to say.”
“No ... it’s all right. We will discuss briefly at The Council meeting what Zar has to say. I owe him that much at least. And it will not hurt for The Council members to read a summary. It just frustrates me when people don’t see the larger picture, when they don’t see the glory of what Charos could be. Now ... when Earth is under our dominion, all these issues will be seen in their proper perspective. When we begin the great migration to Earth, some time in the future, the problems of Charos will begin to dissipate. There will be fewer people to create the pollution that I admit is something of a concern. Charos, when freed of its overpopulation will begin to heal itself and a new civilization will be being born on Earth in its much clearer skies, rivers and oceans. Then two worlds will be united as one, a great destiny awaits them both. Can you not see it, Nilus? You and I, The Council, ruling over two great planets, forging their two destinies into one magnificent whole? Now that we have the Lieth Ah Domah drive as a means to cross space, perhaps there could even be other worlds within reach. We could create a planetary empire ... But thinking of such things has reminded me, what time is the launch of the Maro? Have you heard from Tarka Morvo? 
“He has been in touch and all is proceeding as planned. We can watch the launch on the viewer in The Council chamber at eighteenth division. That gives us about three tiah from now.”
Strahger leaned forward and placed his elbows on the desk, clasping his hands together.
“Doesn’t it quicken your blood, Nilus? Sending three people on the first crewed flight to another inhabited world? What days of great imagination and glory we live in!”
Before Nilus could answer, the viewer on Strahger’s desk began to chime. Strahger activated the viewer and the image of Darg Karlin flickered into sight.
“Greetings ah-ka,” Karlin said. “I bring what I hope will be good news.”
“The heart is always eager to hear good news,” Strahger said. “What’s on your mind?”
“Well ... you asked to be informed when we were going to carry out the next interrogation of the Sa Domari operative, Alvo Thoria.”
“Indeed I did, yes.”
“Well I’m pleased to say we are going to bring him in for another round of interrogation this very afternoon, under the influence of our remarkably effective drug. Although this may be the last time to question him for a while using the drug. He has absorbed much of it and too much more could be fatal. Did you still want to attend?”
“That does sound intriguing,” Stragher said. “What time this afternoon?”
“We will be ready to proceed about one tiah from now,” Karlin said.
“Just let me consult with Nilus. Well? ... can we get there and back in time for the launch?”
“If we don’t stay there for much more than one tiah, we should be back in time for the Maro’s flight,” Nilus said.
“Very well,” Strahger said. He turned back to the viewer. “Consider it done. We will be there within one tiah.”
“We will be ready when your arrive,” Karlin said. “For now, ar nosa.”
“Ar nosa,” Strahger said and he deactivated the viewer and Karlin’s image flickered out.

*
About half a tiah later,  Strahger was looking with interest through the viewing window as the prisoner Alvo Thoria was brought into the interrogation room. He looked a shell of a man, Strahger thought, with his clothes shabby, his hair awry and his eyes lacklustre. He did not seem to know exactly where he was as the two Sa Tahgus officers put him into the chair and as usual strapped his arms to the armrests. Then the transparent plastic surround was lowered over him and Strahger thought he did not look like much of a threat. In fact he looked bewildered and defeated. Could an army of such men and women really pose a danger to the established order on Charos? If this was the best Sa Domari could do, then he, Strahger, the ah-ka, could rest easy in his bed at night. Still, the man had held out for seven days of interrogation with the drug working on his will and his mind, perhaps he should not be underestimated. But he had given up much that was of interest and useful, perhaps today he would reveal what it was that Sa Domari was so anxious to keep secret, something about to happen soon. After all, why go to so much trouble to free him if he was not the keeper of knowledge that could cause deep harm to them? Strahger glanced around the room. Darg Karlin sat beside him on his left at the control consul, Nilus was seated on his right , there were half a dozen of the interrogation team gathered, and two of Strahger’s personal guards stood at the back of the room, always ready to respond to any danger. It was an experienced and expert team and Strahger was confident that if the miscreant Thoria had anything left to conceal, they would be the ones to prise it out of him. 
At that moment, Karlin interrupted his thoughts. “Well ah-ka,” he said. “There is your high ranking Sa Domari operative. Not much to look at, is he?”
“True,” Strahger said. “But let us remember, as they say, the dustiest book may contain the greatest words.”
“You could be right,” Karlin said. “But let us get down to business.” He waved a hand at  the chief interrogating officer. “Let us begin and see what jewels this troublemaker may be hiding under his tongue. Proceed.”
At that, the interrogating officer nodded and flicked a couple of switches on his control consul. There came into the room through the speakers connected to the interrogation room the sound of the gas bleeding into the plastic chamber Alvo sat within. A few moments later, Strahger watched with interest as Alvo nodded and muttered as the gas took hold. 
“Well here we are again,” the interrogating officer said into the microphone connected to the speakers in the wall of the interrogation room. “It has been seven days and your comrades would be proud of you. You have only given away the slightest amount of information, nothing that would imperil your organization. Indeed it seems you have the better of us. In fact we would like to release you as you don’t seem to pose that much of a threat to us. Would you like that, Alvo? To be released this very day?”
 “I would like that. I would like it very much,” Alvo said in a ragged voice, slurring his words as if he was drunk.
“Of course you would,” the interrogator said. “And you could be reunited with your one true love, your Viana Mergidah. She is here now, in this building. We have found her and she anxiously awaits your embrace. She too would love to be reunited with you. It has troubled her heart that the two of you have been parted for so long for such a foolish cause. For the sake of mere misplaced idealism. This foolish dream of changing things that do not need to be changed, of seeing oppression when in fact it is law and  order. You would like to go home, wouldn’t you? Home to your dear Viana who stands waiting for you with cool glasses of Agali wine and the sound of the esar pipes playing. A comfortable cushion and later a comfortable bed where you can take Viana in your arms and make up for all that lost time. Does all of that sound like something that would interest you?”
“It does sound quite pleasant,” Alvo said. “But what do you want to know? Why is Viana not here now? She could answer your questions better than I. What more can I say?”
 “We can almost assure you that we will release you, but first we need a little more information. Nothing grand, just a clarification of what we have gleaned so far. For instance , why did Sa Domari want to break you out of the prison? What was it they did not want you to reveal? Remember, you are amongst friends now, whatever you say will not go beyond these walls.”
“Why did they try to release me?” Alvo said. “Perhaps I know too much. Yes ... that is it. I know too much about Earth and what they have planned for its poor people.”
Strahger suddenly sat up in his chair, intrigued. “Keep him talking about Earth,” he said to the interrogator. “Find out what he knows.”
“Yes ...” said the interrogator. “You know too much about Earth. But just to be clear, so there is no confusion, what is it about Earth that you know?”
“Why ... I have seen much information from the probes,” Alvo said. “We know that he intends to attack ... the great ships that will carry Charos’s soldiers ... the bombardment from space ... nuclear weapons ... chaos and destruction ... the virus that will infect all the peoples of Earth ...  the great ark that will ferry the members of Sa Jatah to their new home ... oh yes, we have heard it all ...”
“Ask him if he knows anything about the Magla Drados,” Strahger said. “Ask him how it was destroyed.”
“Can you tell us about the Magla Drados?” the interrogator said. “Why was it destroyed?”
“Oh no ...” said Alvo. “You are mistaken” He gave a little chuckle. “The Magla Drados was not destroyed.  Sa Domari reprogrammed it ... it made a descent into Earth’s atmosphere ... landed in the ocean ... retrieved by an Earth naval vessel ... it was just fake telemetry... to make them think the craft disintegrated ... Sa Domari has sent them a warning ... they are probably studying our technology as we speak ... it was quite a triumph ...”
Strahger felt a burgeoning feeling of anger. Who was this dolt and his companions who were frustrating the great plans he had for the future of Charos? Did he think that he, the ah-ka, was someone to make a fool of?  He turned to the interrogator.
“Ask him who his contacts are in the Space Programme,” he said. “Find out their names. I’ll give him a ‘triumph’.”
“So who were you working with in the Space Programme?” the interrogator said. “Can you give us one or two names, just to help with our records, our administration?”
“We had many friends in the Space Programme ... those who had lost faith in Sa Jatah, those that did not owe their loyalty to the powers that be ...”
“Who was your main contact?” the interrogator said. “Who has been the most helpful?”
“Why ... that would have to be our dear Laria ... she has been of great assistance ... she is very special ...”
“And what is her last name?” the interrogator said.
“Why ... Praxi of course ... don’t you know her? Laria Praxi ... she will do wonders for Charos ...” 
Strahger turned to Karlin. “Do you know of  this ... Laria Praxi?”
“Just let me go into the Sa Tahgus database and see what we have on her,” Karlin said, and he turned to one of the viewers and began typing in passwords and commands. In a few short moments he turned back to Strahger. “She is a scientist in the Strahgervand Space Research facility. She went missing some seven days ago. Her senior in their collective, Tarka Morvo, who you know well, alerted Sa Taghus at that time and said she was in possession of classified information. Something she revealed about the Space Programme which Tarka said could be detrimental to the Lieth Ah Domah project. We have an alert out on her but nothing has been seen or heard of her since that time. She has not shown up on any facial recognition database. Shall I go on?”
Strahger did not answer but turned once more to the interrogator. “Ask him for details about this Laria Praxi. What she is up to. In fact, give him another dose of the gas and then ask.”
“I hear your words ah-ka,” the interrogator said, sounding rather nervous. “But I’m bound to say that I’m afraid if I give him another dose so close to the first, it could be fatal to him.”
“Just give him the gas,” Strahger said. “His blood will be on my hands if he dies. You need not concern yourself with responsibility.”
“Very well, ah-ka,” the interrogator said and a moment later the gas could be heard hissing into the chamber once more.
“Now ask him where this Laria Praxi is,” Strahger said to the interrogator. “Ask him what her plans are.”
“Very well, ah-ka,” the interrogator said. He leaned into the microphone. “Now Alvo, you have been most co-operative and that enthusiasm will not go unrewarded. But we are very interested in this Laria Praxi. If you could just tell us where she can be found, what city for example, what street? If you could give us some idea of what her plans are. That will be all we need for the moment, then you can relax and rest and soon you will be able to go home. So can you give us just an indication of what Laria is up to?”
“Oh no, I couldn’t do that,” Alvo said, the slur in his words now making him almost unintelligible. “Only a few people know ... I must keep quiet about it until they are gone ... no, it would not do to let anything slip ... I must guard my tongue ... if only I felt a little less dizzy .... but there is only today to go ... then we shall see ... then we shall -” At that moment Alvo’s eyes closed and his head slumped forward.
“Alvo? Alvo? Can you hear me?” the interrogator said. “You must help us Alvo. We just need some simple answers. Alvo? Can you hear me Alvo?” The interrogator turned towards Strahger. “I’m afraid we have lost him, ah-ka,” he said. “He may just be unconscious. Or the last dose may have been fatal.”
“No matter,” Strahger said. “I think I have caught the gist of their plans. Nilus, use your portable viewer to contact the ground station at the Space Elevator. Find out if the launch of  the Maro is proceeding as planned.”
Nilus took his portable viewer out of the pocket of his silda suit and instructed the computer to connect him with the ground station. When he had reached them he had a short conversation and then turned back to Strahger.
“They say all is well except for the communications systems between the ground station and the space station. They have lost audio and visual contact, but the computer telemetry they are receiving shows all is on course for a successful launch.”
“Right ... that’s it,” Strahger said. “Nilus, contact the Strahgervand air base. Tell them to prepare my private plane for immediate take off.”
“But where are you going?” Nilus said.
“Don’t you understand?” Strahger said. “Didn’t you hear what he said? He must keep quiet ‘until they are gone’. They have been using this Laria Praxi for secret information about the Space Programme. They sabotaged the Magla Drados and they now plan to sabotage the Maro. Probably once it has left the dock and is out in space. We must fly to Creethum immediately. Also, get the Defence chief, Crassian Hargan on the viewer. I would speak to him urgently and get him to send a squad of the Creethum military up the Space Elevator to find out what’s going on. Also get me the ground station in Creethum again. They may be able to stop the launch from proceeding from there. You and I will drive to the airbase and by the time we get there the jet will be all but ready. Then it is just a four tiah flight to Creethum. By all the powers that be, we will put an end to this little game of Sa Domari. In my father’s name, I swear that we shall thwart them!”

*
Laria sat on her bed and tried to resist the temptation to ask Vanta how much time had passed and how long they had to wait. She had tried lying down and resting, but there was a strong feeling of anxiety in her stomach and she kept wondering if they would really be able to take the Maro, that in a few short moments they could be on their way to Earth, the first from Charos  to make a faster than light journey. The first to contact, indeed meet the inhabitants of another technological world. Strangers descending from the night to shake the pillars that held up the civilizations of two worlds, ambassadors bringing change, yes, irreversible knowledge, but also aid in a time of danger, and enlisting the help of another species to rock the fiery dreams of a despot that threatened them all. She was on the point of asking Vanta what the time was when just at that moment he looked at his portable viewer and then spoke.
“Well my friends,” he said. “The hour has come. All our struggles culminate in the next few moments. It is time to put on the gasmasks and in a few minutes trigger the gas canisters. The audio and visual connection to the ground station should now be malfunctioning, although the limited telemetry they will still be receiving will make it appear as if the launch is proceeding to plan. But now comes the time for action. First ... let us peel off our masks and once again become ourselves. Just use your fingernails to loosen the mask and then it should lift right off.”
Laria, her heart beat quickening, scraped at the almost invisible edges of the mask and felt it lift off her face a little. She got her fingers under it and pulled, the mask lifting away without too much resistance. In a moment she had the mask in her hands and the air of  the cabin felt cool on her exposed face. Vanta and Danah did the same, casting the masks aside  on the table and for a moment they were relieved to see one another’s familiar features once again.
“Don’t get too comfortable,” Vanta said. “Now we have to put on the gasmasks. Just slip them on and I will check they have a good seal before I trigger the gas.”
Laria slipped the gasmask on. She was not entirely unfamiliar with the procedure as she had donned one as part of her early training at the Space Research Centre. However, it was somewhat uncomfortable, more so than the face masks that had safely got them to this stage of their plan. Vanta checked Danah’s mask and tightened the straps before coming to Laria and doing the same.
“They are all a good fit,” Vanta said, his voice muffled by his mask. “Now is the time to make our move. I will enter the code to trigger the gas canisters and then we have to wait about one tenth of a tiah to be sure they have been effective. Are you ready? All right ... here goes.” He typed the code into his portable viewer and then looked at Laria and Danah. “That’s our part,” he said. “Let’s hope our Sa Domari comrades have done theirs. Now we wait.”
Laria stood in a state of nervousness, hearing her breath pass in and out of the gasmask. Would the canisters really work? What if some of the space station crew were unaffected? What if the three scientists they had impersonated had escaped? What if Sa Tahgus were on their way to arrest them as they stood there? She felt the doubts and anxiety but resolved to hold her nerve. She thought if the ruse had failed they would be in an invidious position, but there was no backing out now. She felt her heart beating hard and just when she thought she could not stand the tension any longer, Vanta spoke.
“That’s it,” he said. “The time is up. The gas should have done its work by now. Don’t be afraid. We have come this far and luck has been with us. All right ... the way to the launch bay is signposted and I have also studied the floor-plans of the station. Just stick close to me and we’ll be there in the wink of an eye. This is it ... let’s go.” He turned and pressed the button for the door to open. It slide aside and they all stepped out into the corridor.
Laria saw at once that their plan had been successful. Along the corridor were half a dozen people, lying on the floor in ungainly positions. They all appeared to be unconscious and Vanta signalled for the three of them to proceed. Laria walked on, grateful for the gasmask as they picked their way past all of those who had succumbed to the gas and it appeared not a single person had escaped its effects. They passed rooms where people were slumped over computer stations, a lounge where those seated on comfortable cushions had spilled their cups of rahgi as they lost consciousness, two security officers slumped side by side, their backs against the wall, their eyes closed.
Laria had some sense of where they were, she had spoken to staff at the space station many times on the viewer, but she felt reassured that Vanta went at a brisk pace and without hesitation, leading them down one long corridor after another. They walked until they were at the hub of the circular space station, at its centre a round atrium with an administration desk.  Many space station staff and scientists who were on board to view the flight of the Maro lay prone upon the floor or slumped on chairs and couches. They picked their way across the hub, avoiding all those knocked out by the gas and they were just about to enter a corridor on the opposite side from where they entered, when a metallic sounding voice was suddenly heard.
“You there!” said the voice. “Stop and identify yourselves!” Laria looked back and there standing at the entrance to a corridor they had just come through were a dozen or so space-suited figures. She saw at once the suits they wore were military issue, and their helmets and oxygen tanks on their backs had made them impervious to the knock-out gas. They appeared to be armed with sleep-guns, a standard firearm being little use in the space station as the consequence of a live round going through the hull could mean a sudden decompression or damage to essential equipment.
“Identify yourselves!” the soldier repeated, the voice coming through the speakers on his helmet sounding thin and electronic.
“Let’s run for it!” Vanta said and without another word he took off down the corridor. Laria followed close behind, Danah just ahead of her. She felt a little ungainly, she seemed to lope along in the lower gravity of the station and felt as if she might stumble at any moment. But they ran for all they were worth and Laria did not dare to look behind her to see how close their pursuers were. After a few minutes running they came to a heavy steel door. Vanta pushed a button on the wall and the door slid open. The three of them surged  through and found themselves in the launch bay.
They were in a large hangar like area with much large equipment strewn about. The crew of the space station, who had been preparing the Maro for launch, lay scattered about, their tools still clutched in their hands. To the right, was the control centre for the spacecraft launch, all the people in it, slumped at their viewers. At the far end of the hangar, was another door, an air lock that led to a type of air-bridge that stretched out into space. They could see through large windows the air-bridge led to the Maro, which was suspended on a mechanical tether, just metres above the hull of the space station. Vanta ran straight for the air lock, Laria and Danah close behind. As they approached they could see some sort of staging area for the flight crew. The three astronauts who were supposed to be making the journey, dressed in white silda suits, sat on a couch, slumped  unconscious. A moment or two later, the three fugitives were at the large steel door.
“Now we will see if the skill of Sa Domari is as good as we hope,” Vanta said and he took the digital card from around his neck and slipped it into a security slot beside the air lock  door. The door, with a large window in it, slid open and the three of them rushed through, Vanta retrieving the digital card as they went. On the other side, Vanta pressed a switch on a panel beside the door and the door slid closed again. Just as it sealed there was a rattling clatter and they could see through the window that the military patrol that had chased them had fired their sleep guns with their drugged pellets at them but the door had closed just in time. The military personnel rushed up to the air lock and immediately began trying to open it. The three fugitives stood looking at them for a few seconds but it was clear they did not have the code or a digital card to open the door.
“Let’s make our move,” Vantah said. “Before they find the means to get that door open. Come on.” 
They opened  the second door of the air lock and ran up the air-bridge, in a few moments reaching the open hatch of the Maro. They tumbled aboard and Laria did the honours, closing the hatch and securing it then hitting the switches on the inside of the spacecraft that released the air-bridge. It began to withdraw, making it all the more difficult for their pursuers to catch them. 
“Time to take off the gasmasks,” Vanta said. “The ship has its own atmosphere and the gas will not have affected it.” The three of them took off the masks and tossed them aside. “You know the ship Laria,” Vanta went on. “Lead the way.”
 Laria guided them through the fuselage of the Maro, past the escape pod, through the sleeping quarters with its three beds. Off to the side was a small bathing area, then a small lounge with a desk and chairs and three viewers and finally into the cockpit of the craft, its computer screens and dials and switches all lit up and ready to go, three padded chairs waiting for its crew. Laria slipped into the left hand seat and Vanta took the right, Danah in the seat behind the front two. Outside the windows all was dark and unknown, an almost inaudible hum coming from the ship, showing it was set for launch.
 “Put on your safety harnesses,” Laria said and the three of them secured themselves. “The next part is up to you,” she said to Vanta.
“I think you should have the privilege,” Vanta said and he handed her the digital card with a smile. “You just need to slip this card into the central control computer and it will do the rest.”
“As you wish,” Laria said. She took the card and inserted it into a portal in the computer console immediately in front of her. There was a whirring sound from the computer and its lights flickered and flashed, then from the back of the craft came a grinding sound and the whole space ship lurched. Laria looked at one of the holo-monitors that was situated just above their heads, showing a view down the back of the ship. “The tether is released,” she said. “If your operatives have done their homework we can stand by for the liquid oxygen-propylene engine to ignite. We should feel about one and a half Gs, about the same as in the Space Elevator carriage, a little uncomfortable, but the engine will take us about fifty delka out into space where the Lieth Ah Domah drive should engage. Then we are on our way.”
As she finished speaking, there was a rumbling sound from the back of the spacecraft and the next moment the three travellers were pinned back in their seats as the rocket motor ignited. Laria’s mind was racing and her heart beating fast. They had really done it! They were on board the Maro and she could see the space station receding in the viewer, beyond that the distant blue orb of Charos where no doubt all hell was about to break loose. But she sensed they were already victorious, that if the Sa Domari operatives had been as thorough as they seemed the Maro would not respond to commands from the ground station or the space station. They were flying away from the grip of gravity and the troubles of Charos, the clutching hand of Strahger could not reach them out here. She felt excited but also had a sense of trepidation. The Breath of God drive would come on line in just a few moments. What would happen? Would they be blasted to atoms in some way that the theorists, designers and engineers had not foreseen? Or were they really going to be the first of two known worlds to travel faster than light?  
At that moment Vanta turned to her. “So how are we doing?” he said. “Have we made good our escape?”
Laria looked over the holo screens and dials. “Everything shows the ship is self checking its systems before engaging the Lieth Ah Domah drive. We’re fifty delka from the space station. It all looks as if we’re good to go.” 
Vanta nodded. “It seems we have made good on our plan and we have succeeded.”
“Just a moment ...” Laria said. “I think this is it ... yes, the system is counting down, it’s about to initiate the drive. Hold on to something ... here we go ... now!”
At that instant Laria felt the Maro give a shudder, then it seemed to her that everything in the cabin seemed to elongate, stretching forward. Out through the front windows there was a flash of white light which then turned to a halo of rainbow colours that swirled about and as quickly dissipated. Then everything returned to normal, the shuddering was gone, there was only the faint hum of the on board equipment and through the front windscreen there was only darkness. However, the holo viewers facing back towards Charos and the space station showed only black space.
“Is that it?” Danah asked from the back seat. “Are we on our way?”
“Yes,” said Vanta. “Was that the whole process? How do we stand?”
“Just a minute ...” Laria said. “I think ... yes ... there can be no doubt. The instruments show that everything is functioning as planned. We are contracting the space before us and expanding it behind. According to the instruments, we are travelling twice the speed of light and accelerating. Gentlemen ... we have done it! We have stolen the Maro in the name of liberty and the good ship is carrying us to Earth. Congratulations!”
“By the eyes of Domah we have indeed done it!” Vanta exclaimed and an uncharacteristic grin lit up his face.
“Well done everybody!” Danah exclaimed from the back. “Damn well done!”
Laria felt light headed and flushed with their success. All the anxiety and worry and fears they had faced now receded into the past as the Maro began to put millions of miles of distance between its hopeful crew and the troubled planet of Charos. She felt she had achieved her destiny, that she had followed the true cause of the Great Goddess Science and put her knowledge and work to the purpose of good, for a cause that would in the end help not just her home world, but the world to which they now hurtled towards across space. She felt a little regret, she was leaving behind her parents, friends and the familiarity of a world which though flawed, and ruled over by tyranny, had been her home for all of her life. Would she find welcome across the stars? Would the good citizens of Earth respond to their good intentions? Would they in the end make a difference to the conflict that was coming? She considered she could not know the answers to these questions until her journey was complete and she stood upon the soil of distant Earth. But she had hope, hope that her journey would eventually help to bring peace to two worlds, that she had reached out a hand to a stranger and found welcome beneath the light of a distant star.
___   ___   ___
The Shadows of Charos
Epilogue

Strahger stood in the launch bay of the space station and looked through the air lock at the empty space where the Maro had been anchored a few tiah before. He and Nilus had flown from Strahgervand in Strahger’s private jet, a flight that although at twice the speed of sound, took around four tiah. Then there was the slow three tiah climb of the Space Elevator to reach the space station. When he came on board, the crew of the station, now free from the effects of the knock-out gas, bowed to him and scurried about, trying to work out exactly what had happened, how they had been fooled and how to bring the Maro back. But Strahger knew the Maro was not coming back. It was clear the upstart organisation of Sa Domari had bested them this time, that the Lieth Ah Domah drive had worked its technological magic and that whoever the three imposters were, they would reach Earth.
So, thought Strahger to himself. The peoples of Earth now had the Magla Drados and soon they would have the Maro. They would no doubt in time, decipher all their scientific secrets. Not only that but the spacecraft would deliver three Sa Domari operatives who would tell them only lies about Charos and  the noble civilizations that dwelt upon its great lands. Would they make a difference to his plans? Certainly, he had now lost the element of surprise. It would take another five years to build the great fleet needed to subdue the Earth, time for Earth to prepare. But he, the ah-ka, would not be deterred. He felt the hand of destiny upon him still, felt that he was his father’s son, that he was born to rule - not just one world but two, the beginnings of a great and powerful empire. He turned to Nilus standing beside him.
“So it seems we have been outwitted in this instance,” he said. “How can it be that an organisation of misfits and troublemakers can unsettle our plans so easily?”
“They have been lucky, ah-ka,” Nilus said. “But perhaps it is time to step up our efforts to discover who these miscreants are and to silence and defeat them once and for all.”
“You speak with wisdom. When we return to Tolmara I want a full investigation into how this travesty came to be. We perhaps have been too merciful so far. In the days to come we will find each of these villains and send them all to Kurindah, the Land of the Dead. I swear to you now, Nilus, by the blood of my father that runs in my veins, we will win this battle and we will prevail for the next century to come. I swear, that I will wage war and emerge victorious ... that Earth shall be mine!”
*
Laria sat in her seat, Vanta and Danah close beside her in their seats, and she waited with a sense of some trepidation for the countdown to begin. They were in the escape pod of the Maro and just about to disconnect from the mother-ship and descend into the blue atmosphere of Earth. The Maro was safely placed in geostationary orbit and their fifteen day journey had passed without incident. At times it almost seemed as if they were on some pleasant cruise. Danah had early in the voyage, reached into his black bag he had kept with him on all their adventures and taken out injection disks. These he had applied to their arms, explaining that they would release synthetic vaccines that would over the next fifteen days give them protection against any virus they were likely to encounter on Earth. The rest of the time they passed by watching old operas and dramas or reading books on the viewers,  sometimes regaling each other with amusing anecdotes from each of their pasts and Laria felt she was with people who already were old friends. She thought back on all that had transpired to bring her to this point in her life - the years at Sa Intrius Ket, her love of science bringing her into the fascinating work at the Space Research Centre. Then Keda, her old lover, coming back into her life and shaking up her world, turning it on its head. The discovery of the truth about Tarka Morvo and with it the realisation of just how oppressive Charos’s society really was. The sea voyage to Creethum, the terrible death of Corvah. She thought about her parents and wondered was it possible that one day she would return to Charos and embrace them once again, or would she now be marooned on a distant world, never to see home once more?
But she was resolute. She had made her choice and taken the path that had unexpectedly opened in front of her. She reminded herself she was first and foremost a scientist and that in this way, in her journey to Earth, she was serving its cause. She could not help but wonder though whether they would get the welcome they hoped for on the planet below. What would they make of these foreigners descending from above? Would they be treated as hostile? Would they really be able to help the peoples of Earth prepare for the maelstrom that would in the near future engulf them? She hoped so, she certainly hoped so.
Her mind was still filled with these thoughts when the read out on the viewers in the escape pod showed they were at the point of release, above a military air base far below. A few seconds later the pod lurched and the three travellers looked each other in the eye, as if to say, this was it, the end of one great adventure, the beginning of another. The pod disconnected and began to fall. In a few moments they were hitting the atmosphere of the Earth, the air buffeting the capsule, the heat shield glowing. They bumped and lurched for a few minutes, then they were through the worst of it, into the skies of Earth. Laria could glimpse great clouds out the small window of the capsule. Just like the clouds of Charos she thought. Then there was a great whooshing sound, the capsules parachutes had deployed. The chutes opened, the travellers were thrust down into their seats, the capsule began to slow. They fell steadily, three strangers from a distant world, bringing knowledge and a warning, bringing hope. The hope of peace.

The End

