
THREE
BY SHŌSHI
Copyright 2014 Shōshi
All rights reserved.

-1-
DOWN
25000 words
Bryan loves caving; his twin Joel hates it.  Exploring newly discovered caves, Bryan gets lost. To find him Joel is helped by Roke, a strange, giant of a man who lives in the caves year-round. Quarreling at first, they learn to get along as they overcome the terrors of cave-climbing and attacks by thugs who want to kill them.  Finding Bryan near death, they face their biggest challenge: how to save him.
-2-
THE RECKIE
34500 words
Mozart was never able to finish his last and greatest work, his Requiem, because he died of an infection. Carol and Mathew want to time travel to the l8th century to cure him with antibiotics so he can finish it as a gift for her musician dad.  They find a way to do it, but then Mozart gives them the wrong music so he has to time travel to America himself to deliver it.
-3-
FEENA
16500 words
In this dystopian fantasy, Feena is a human survivor of an interplanetary war.  She falls for Jome, an enemy robot soldier severely injured in the conflict.  An enemy official, called the Inspector, wants her to be his slave and tries to kidnap her.  She must find a way to foil him and mend Jome.

DOWN
(Preliminary)
“They’ll find him eventually.  Pull him out. 
I feel sorry for his folks.”
It was their favorite Italian restaurant.  They had taken a long wooden table in a room at the back---just right for a family and friends looking for some privacy, for a chance to be noisy and sentimental at a summer birthday party.  Joel was on his feet giving a toast.  “Here’s to holes in the ground,” he said.  “And the nuts who go down in them.”  He thrust his beer at the guy sitting next to him.  “Happy 18th Birthday, Bryan!  My half-wit twin.”  Now he took a deep draft of the beer in his hand.  “And happy birthday me!  Who’s too smart to join him.”
“Too chicken, you mean!”  
“Who said that?!”  Joel was about to fire back something equally insulting.  Instead he stopped and looked serious for a moment.  “You’re probably right, Jim.  I can’t deny it.”  He looked at his twin brother and lifted his beer mug at him and said quietly: “Here’s to Bryan, the absolutely bravest guy I ever met.”
Everyone raised high their paper cups and yelled in raggedy unison: “Yea, Bryan!” 
Bryan looked sheepishly down at the birthday cake and its half-eaten sentiment: ‘“HAP BIRT AY” ---and barely smiled.  Joel knew this was not his brother’s kind of scene, but he had insisted he come.  Not just to celebrate their mutual birthday but also the beginning of an underground adventure Bryan was about to go on---exploring some newly discovered caves in northern New Hampshire.  He grasped the back of his brother’s chair and kneeled down.  He spoke in a teasing voice that everyone could hear. “Hey, come on, Bry, you can tell us.  It’ll never leave this room.”  He whispered loudly in Bryan’s ear.  “Who are you meeting down there?” 
Bryan smiled his enigmatic smile and pushed him away.  Feigning an intimate tone, Joel said:  “Is she a caver, too?”“  The table was starting to laugh.
“You think I’m going to tell a chump like you?”
But Joel was serious.  He whispered now so only Bryan could hear. “There’s a secret down there, isn’t there?  Why won’t you tell us?  Me at least.”  
His brother just shook his head. “I don’t know what’s down there.”  That almost-smile again. “That’s why I’m going.  I want to find out.”
“I’ve never understood what they see in caving,” one of the women seated at the far end of the table said to her neighbor. “It’s so damn dangerous.”
“I’m with you, Lois,” said the neighbor. “Your brother’s insane.”
Joel got back on his feet. “I knew he wouldn’t tell us.  But it’s all right.  He knows what he’s doing.  No one knows more about caving than Bryan.” 
Still, there was an uncomfortable silence.  Everyone seemed to get thoughtful as they stole looks at him. They all knew what he was doing was chancy---so why was he doing it? 
“All right, you want to know why?  I’ll tell you.”
“On your feet, bro,” said Joel.  “On your feet.”
Bryan got up with painful slowness and glanced along the table at all the faces. “This is lots scarier than caving,” he said blushing.  He sat down again. “Think I’ll talk from here.” 
“Louder!” called Joel. “We don’t want to miss one golden word.”
“Okay, okay.”  He glanced at Lois. “I don’t know how politicians do it,” he said.  “Well, I haven’t thought about this a lot---but I can say this.  If there’s a girl down there, I guess it’s the cave goddess and her siren call.  She’s the one pulling me down.”  He stole another look at his sister. “Yeah, it’s risky.  But it’s just something I have to do.  Until you’re gone caving, you don’t know how addictive it is.  I can’t stay away from it.”  As he began to get into it, the words came more easily.  He stopped peering down at the birthday cake and met the eyes of those around the table.  “It’s a soul-changing experience—like nothing I’ve ever known.  You look into those spaces and shadows that just go on and on.  Light seeps down here and there.  It lets you see, but not quite see. There’re strange shapes all around you that maybe no one else ever got a look at before.”  He stared at the cake again. “It’s wild, man.” 
“But why these new caves, Bryan?” asked Lois. “Nobody knows what’s down there.  It hasn’t been mapped.  You might get hurt—really hurt.”  
There was a weighty moment of quiet.  Joel knew the real reasons why his brother caved, reasons he hadn’t mentioned.  He was in love with the challenge of it.  The sheer dare of it.  The very reasons why Joel didn’t cave.  Bryan might be shy, but he was fearless.  The whole idea of caving scared Joel to death.  
But this was getting too serious, especially for a birthday party.  Joel almost shouted for a change in direction.  “Hey, let’s lighten up!”  He grinned a huge grin. “You forgot one of the other reasons you cave.  Getting a snootful of that beautiful smell down there.  The smell that’s everywhere underground.”  He pinched his own nose. “Bat poop!”
Bryan shook his head as the table laughed. “Not if you go deep enough,” he said.  
“That’s because the bats are scared, too,” said Lois. “They hang out near the entrances. You said that yourself.”  
“Listen, Lois and I know there’s no way we can talk him out of this,” said Joel.  “We never could about anything.”  He grinned and shook his head. “Neither could Mom.  By the way, here’s a little send-off message from her on her book tour.  She’s out in Kansas somewhere.  She texted me just before dinner.  A love note for Bryan.  I was saving it till now. ‘Dear Cutie,’ she says. ‘Be sens—’” 
Joel was drowned out by a mocking chorus of “Aw-w-w!”  
“Please---this is our ever-lovin’ mom talking.  She says: ‘Be sensible.  Don’t do anything screw-ball.  Have fun at your party. Tell us all about it when you get back.  I love you.”‘ Joel glanced at his twin. “You better.”
Bryan returned the look fleetingly, uncertainly.  He knew none of them understood.  Joel was his best friend, always had been, but he knew he didn’t quite get it either. 
A woman leaned over and whispered to Lois. “Why does Millie let him do it?  I’d put my foot down.”
“You think he listens to his mom?  He doesn’t listen to any of us.”
Joel overheard her.  “Hey, we’re 16,” he said. “You don’t tell a sixteen-year-old what to do!”  
“Who do you think taught him how to cave?” This was another whisperer.
“Millie?  She caves?”
“Not any more---but she’s proud of him going down there.  It takes guts.” 
Joel put his arm around Bryan. “I know there’s a secret down there.  You don’t have to tell me what it is.  I only hope you know what you’re doing.”
“You’ll be the first to find out everything when the time comes,” said Bryan softly.
“All I know,” said his brother, “is this is crazy, you’re crazy, caving’s crazy—and we just have to put up with you.”  He took another swig of his beer. “It’s okay.  Follow your star, bro.  Now go get some sleep.  You’re going to need it.”

(ONE)
The cell phone lying on his desk began ringing and vibrating around six p.m.  He just let it ring.  He watched it slowly turn a circle on the desktop.  He had fixed it so it wouldn’t take a message. Then, it stopped for a while as though the caller had given up.  After a while it began ringing again.  He didn’t want to answer it because he might find out what he didn’t want to know.  It wasn’t so.  It couldn’t be so.  It was incomprehensible.  He couldn’t fit it into his head, couldn’t encompass it.  
“Bryan,” he said aloud.  “You goddam idiot.” 
His sister Lois called from the living room.  She was trying not to sound as irritated as she felt.  She knew how obstinate he could be.  “Aren’t you going to answer it?”  
He didn’t reply.  
“Do you want me to answer it?”
He still didn’t reply
She came into the room and sat down on the edge of a chair. “It’s got to be them,” she said.  
He nodded slowly. “I don’t want to know,” he said. Then, suddenly he was ferociously angry.  “He’s in there.  He’s coming out.  I can feel it, Lois.  I can tell.”
She nodded slowly.  “Well, maybe.”  Twins like them, she understood, know things about each other—in a mystical kind of way.  Mom always said that even when they were little.  Dad had no opinion.  He had run off by the time they were three. 
“Sure, it’s dangerous,” he said. “That’s one of the reasons he’s doing it.  He likes challenges.”
“He sure does.”  She was three years older than her twin brothers, but she had always felt very close to them—almost like a third twin.  She could read their minds just by looking at them.  
“I’m not into some of the things he’s into,” he said.  “Especially this caving stuff.  It’s too—confining.”
“Claustrophobic,” she said.
“You can say that again.  If you climb a mountain, you can look forward to the view from the top.  It draws you on even if the climbing hurts.  There’s no view underground.  There’s just---more and more cave.”  
“I remember you tried it once.”  
Joel thought about that, remembering back.  “I did.  He wanted me to.  Dared me to--so I did.”  He shook his head.  “Had to.  We competed about everything.  You know that.  That’s what twins do.”  He paused.  “I detested caving.” 
“You grew up,” she said. “You got into your own stuff like the biking.  And the swimming.  Like you won the state freestyle championship.  It’s on your bedroom wall—that plaque.”
“I sure remember that race.”
“Bryan never liked to swim.”
Joel nodded. “He knows how  ‘, but he hates it.”  
“So you realized you didn’t have to do what he did all the time.” 
He nodded. “Something like that.” 
“The one thing that didn’t change is—”
“Yeah, we’re both obstinate as hell.  You’re always saying that.”
“Well, you are.  Like Bryan is about this silly cave.”
This is probably the longest, deepest cave in the Northeast,” he said.  “Fifty-one miles from one end to the other.  And now they’ve found this whole new cave system that leads off it.”  He flung himself down on the sofa. “It’s never been explored. That means there’s lots of room to get lost in.  Fall down.  Get creamed.”
“Joel, don’t.  Please.”
“Yeah, yeah---sorry.  He’s a damn good caver, but a lot of crap can happen down there.”  Joel chewed on his lip for a few seconds. “He likes to do it alone.  Almost nobody caves alone.  It makes it even more dangerous.  Cavers always have backup.  More than one light, lots of rope, cams, carabiners.  At least one partner.  It’s a habit, a good habit.  Not him.” 
“He’s gotten away with it so far,” she said.  
“So far.”  He started to chew on his lip again. “Well, almost.  Don’t forget that near miss he had in the Mongrel over in Vermont.  Had to drag himself out with a broken foot.  I thought he’d learned a lesson there about going it alone.”
She nodded but was silent. 
He’s my twin,” he said simply. “I want to keep him around.” 
They sat in the half-dark of the living room---staring at the phone, waiting for it to ring again.  They knew it would.  It was only a question of when.  This time, he knew, he would answer it. 

(TWO)
“Hey, sir, can we talk to you?  Ask you about---”  A TV news reporter was stopping people on the street, trying to find someone who could tell him more about what had happened.  His cameraman followed close behind him.  
The man he approached waved him off.  “We don’t talk to newspaper reporters around here.”
‘“It’s TV.”
The man shook his head and hurried on down the main street of this small New Hampshire town.  
“Don’t any of them watch TV?” said the cameraman.  
“Guess not,” said the reporter. “Wait up, here’s someone I bet does.  She’s got two kids with her.  Mam, do you know anything about the accident?  The spelunker who’s lost in a cave?”
“Spelunker?  Oh, you mean caver.  Spelunking’s a tourist word,” she said.  
“Yeah, well, they tell us he’s been gone for five days.  Probably dead by now, I guess.  Did you know him?  Mind if we—we’re from KLFN?”
“It’s okay,” she said.  The reporter gestured to his cameraman to get in for a closer shot.  “No, I didn’t know him, but I hear he was a nice young fellah.  His family goes way back here.”  
“Has this ever happened before?” 
“Couple times maybe.  Everybody caves in this town, and mostly they know how to stay out of trouble down there.  It’s the outsiders who get hurt.”
“What are they going to do?”  
 “Well, they’ll find him---eventually.  Pull him out.  I feel bad for his folks.”  
“What do you think happened?”  
She drew the youngest child to her and looked off toward the nearby mountains  where the cave was located.  She had the lined face of someone who’d fought off many New Hampshire winters. “He must have fallen.  The fact is there’s a million bad things can happen to you in those caves,” she said.  “You can’t call out.  Cells don’t work.  If you’re alone, you have to rescue yourself---if you can.”
•  •  •  
Joel closed his cell phone with a snap, held it for a second and slammed it across the room.  It banged against the wall and fell into three pieces onto the living room rug.  
“For God’s sake,” said Lois.  “What good does that do?” 
“I’m killing the messenger,” he said with a grimace.  
“So what did they tell you?” his sister asked.  
“They went in seven or eight miles. There was no sign of him.” 
“How do you know they went in where he went in?”  
“He left markers.  He also left a button off his shirt.”  
“How do they know it was his?  Could have been any old button.”
“They described it.  I know his clothes.  It was his. ‘Give it up,’ they said. ‘He’s done for.  It’s too long a time.  Sure, he didn’t know these new caves, but five days---  He could have gone all the way to Vermont and back If he was okay.’” Joel ran his fingers through his hair. “I know he had food.  He must have--fallen.  Hurt himself.”  He collapsed onto the sofa and buried his head in his hands.  
His sister moved quickly to sit by him.  She held him while he sobbed.  “Oh, Lois.  He can’t be gone.  I won’t let him be gone.”  
“We have to accept it,” she said. She was crying now. “Maybe it was quick---like he hit his head or something.”  She took a sudden breath.  “I sure hope so.”
“No!” he said loudly. “No, no, no!”  He was almost yelling. “Stop talking about him in the past tense.  What if he’s still alive?  He might be.”  
She looked away.  She knew this kind of talk was useless. “Let him go, Joel,” she said.
“I wish it had been me, Lois,” he said softly.
“I don’t buy that kind of talk.  You’re two different people, Joel.  You would never have done anything like this.  You’re too smart.” 
She reached out to hug him, but he pushed her away and got up. “I’m sorry, Lo.  I have to deal with this by myself.”  He ran upstairs to his bedroom, slammed the door and flopped down on the bed.  
Left alone, Lois reached her mother at the Kansas City Airport. 
“I’m catching the first plane back I can, honey.  I had to drive three hours to get here.  I’ll be there late tonight.  How’s he doing?” 
“Not so good, Mom.  He’s upstairs in his room.  Maybe trying to sleep.”
“Best thing,” she said. “Sleep’s best for everything.  This is so horrible.  I can’t believe it happened.”  She paused a long moment.  Finally, she whispered:  “Poor little guys.  They were tight as tight those two.”  Lois was starting to cry. “Don’t, honey.  You’ll have me blubbering in a minute.  Someone has to be strong for him right now. That’s got to be us.  Especially you.  He’s about as close to you as Bryan was to him.”  She stopped herself, obviously stricken. “I meant to say ‘is’---as he is to Bryan.  Oh, honey, I want to believe he’s alive too.”  She was beginning to weep, too.  
He had indeed gone to sleep.  And now he was dreaming, dreaming of long ago, of two boys romping through summer days and happy times.  His sister was roughhousing with them, shrieking and out of breath and laughing and gasping.  And, then, she was being serious. “You are so lucky to have a twin,” she said in the dream. “Both of you.  A twin to look at like he’s a mirror.  Like you don’t need a mirror.  You just look at each other, and, oh, that’s me.”  She pouted for a moment. “I wish I had a sister, doesn’t have to be a twin, just any old sister.”  
“That’s stupid!” shouted Bryan. “Stupid, stupid, stupid!” 
Joel stared at him in his dream, stared at his twin and loved that his twin was a mirror of himself.  It was special and wonderful and magical to have a twin.  And, then, he woke up.  
It was darkly quiet in the room.  A very different place from the dream and yet—the feel of that faraway time lingered.  It was still overpoweringly vivid.  He felt Bryan was right there with him—alive, alive, alive.  And it came to him that all this was on purpose.  He had dreamed about Bryan because Bryan had made him do it.  Dreamed the past into the present.  Why?  There could only be one possible reason.  He really was alive.  
He was lunging off the bed. “Wait for me,” he said under his breath. “Wait till I come.”  He had made up his mind.  So maybe the whole idea of going into Slater’s was freaking him out, but he was going in there.

(THREE)
It was the middle of the night, but he had never been so wide awake.  Maybe everybody had given up, he thought to himself, but he had not.  He would bike into town, go to that place that his brother was always talking about that sold caving equipment.  Mike’s Cavers.  They would know what he needed to go down into the ground.  Boots, a waterproof jacket, a helmet, gloves, an LED light, rope, cams, carabiners—he was trying to remember what else they had with them that one scary time Bryan had taken him into a cave.  
It might be expensive, but he would buy everything he needed.  Cost didn’t matter.  He would spend the money he’d made last winter waiting on tables at Jimmy’s.  He was going to use it for a hiking trip, but this was more important.  And, then, an idea jumped into his head.  Maybe Bryan had extra gear in his room, stuff he hadn’t taken with him.  He was always buying equipment.  
Joel took the stairs three at a time and paused before the closed door to Bryan’s bedroom.  Damn, did he lock it?  He turned the handle and pushed.  The door opened.  Unlocked!  That was typical Bryan.  He sort of trusted everybody.  The sight inside always took him aback even though he’d seen it many times.  The walls were dancing with giant posters---blown-up photos of huge caves all lit up in a rainbow of colors plus close-ups of what Bryan had said were famous cavers dangling from ropes or whatever.  God, he even had one poster splayed out on the ceiling.  But everything neat---not like his own all-over-the-place rooms.  Built for comfort, he told people, not for speed. 
Yeah, there was a ton of caving gear. Taking a quick look, he realized he might not have to buy much, maybe nothing.  Bryan even had extra boots, which, of course, would fit him just fine.  One of the good things about being twins.  Also, a small duffle.  He crammed it full of what he guessed he might need down there.  He also found a cache of quarters.  He took all of them.  He would pay Bryan back later, but meantime he might want to hit a trail mix/candybar machine.  He also took what looked like a waterproof bag just big enough for his cell phone.  Reception in a cave would have to be bad, but he couldn’t imagine not having it with him.  
A few things he couldn’t find were an LED head lamp, a heavy jacket and a helmet.  Well, he had a helmet for his bike.  That would have to do.  A coil of rope leaned against one wall.  Just above it was a large black and white photograph pinned to the wall.  It made him wince.  It showed Bryan waving from the bottom of a big sinkhole, waving casually at the camera as though he were standing on a beach somewhere.  He was laughing.  A typical fearless Bryan moment, he thought. 
He was about to start poking around in his bedroom when another much smaller photo caught his eye.  He would remember this one for a long time.  On a small table by a sofa chair was a framed picture taken inside a cave of a prostrate young guy with his blood-spattered head lolled back on another man’s arm.  It took Joel only a moment to realize who it was.  Mel Ericton had been a close caving buddy of Bryan’s.  His brother had been very shaken up about what happened to him.  He had fallen in another cave, and Bryan had spent many hours retrieving his body from a deep sinkhole.  Joel remembered that his brother wouldn’t talk about it for months. 
It was a powerful reminder of what might have already happened to his brother.  He felt a return of the kind of choking fear that ran through him as he climbed through those caves that time with Bryan.  He realized it would take a lot for him to get on top of it---to force himself to become as iron-hearted as his brother.  But it was do it or walk away and let him perish.
Well, the things he couldn’t find lying around Bryan’s pad were important, but he was sure he’d find them at Mike’s.  Sure, the store would be closed at this hour, but he’d wake the owner up, and he’d come and let him in.  He’d have to let him in.  There was no time to lose.  A caver would understand.  The town had one tavern.  It stayed open very late. The bar tender or somebody there probably knew where Mike lived, would give him directions, and Mike would open his place up, let him buy what he needed, and he’d be out of there and into the cave before the sun leapt over the ridge.  At least he sure hoped so.  
He leaned his bike against the outside wall of the tavern and half-ran into the place.  Abruptly, the dream he seemed to be traveling inside of popped like a bubble.  He immediately saw this wasn’t going to work.  The bar tender would never give him the caving-store owner’s address---just so he could wake the poor slob up in the middle of the night.  Besides, an experienced caver would probably never let him buy stuff to go into a cave alone.  Come on, get real, he told himself.  But he decided he was going through with this all the same.
There were two guys at the bar.  Obviously cavers---at least they sure looked like it---thick-armed, bearded and pale as ghosts from hours spent deep in the earth. They turned to look at him, and one of them whispered:  “My God, it’s Bryan.’”  Most cavers in the area knew each other.  The bar tender seemed so startled it might have been funny any other time.  
All Joel could say was:  “I wish I were Bryan.”
“Of course,” said the barkeep. “You’re Joel.  His twin brother.  Sorry, Joel.”  He had served him hamburgers more than once. “It’s a little spooky all this,” he said.  “Haven’t lost a local caver around here in years.”  
“Sorry it’s your brother,” said one of the cavers at the bar.  
“He’s just delayed,” said Joel grimly.  “Any of you know where 
Mike, the caving store guy, lives?” 
There was a silence while they read the meaning of his question. “You want to go after Bryan?  Is that it?” asked the caver. “Kind of late.  What do you think, Deeter?”
“Five days?” said Deeter, the other caver, a heavily bearded man who seemed to be always frowning.  “Not good.  That’s a long time to hold out.”
“Especially if he’s hurt,” said the barkeep.  “And what about hypothermia?  Bill, you were a medic.  You know about stuff like that.”
“What’s hypo---thermia?” asked Joel.  He’d heard of it but wasn’t sure what it was.
“Your body wants to be a little over 96 degrees,” said Bill.  “That’s normal.  If your body temperature falls below 95 degrees, your brain doesn’t work right. That’s hypothermia.  It happens if the air outside your body is colder than you are. Your body heat drains away.  You get sluggish and maybe want to take your clothes off even if you feel cold.”
Deeter thought this was pretty funny.  
“If your temperature falls below 86 degrees,” Bill went on, “your heart slows way down, your lungs don’t work right, and that’s when you start to die.  It’s as simple as that.”  He added: “It’s cold as hell in those caves—if you go deep.”
Joel tried to imagine Bryan getting this cold.  It frightened him and filled him with a new sense of urgency.  He realized he needed to find his brother as soon as possible. 
“Forget this, Joel,” said the bartender.  “Forget the whole idea.  Mike’s taken off.  Gone fishing for a couple of days.” 
“I can’t wait,” said Joel. “I’ve got to buy gear from him.”  
“You’ll never find him.  He’s up country somewhere.  One of the lakes.”  
The two cavers stared at Joel. “You don’t have any gear?” asked Deeter.  There was the edge of a sneer in his voice.  In fact, almost every time he talked, thought Joel, he seemed to hear that sneer.  
“I’ve got some,” said Joel. “Bryan had a lot in his room.  I still need a light.”“
“You sure do,” said Bill. “And what’s that?  A bike helmet?  You can’t go in like that.” 
“That windbreaker’s like nothing,” said the barkeep.” It’s a cave.  It’s not just cold—it’s wet.”
“You’re being stupid, kid,” said Deeter.  “More than stupid.”
“I don’t care,” said Joel. “I’m going in.”
“Alone?”  The bartender shook his head in disbelief.  
I can’t just leave him in there.”  
“This kid’s got a stubborn head,” said Deeter. “Does your family know you’re doing this?”  
Joel was silent.  He was now at the bar’s candy machine, plugging in quarters to buy protein bars, candy bars, trail mixes--whatever was in there.  He felt a bit silly as he stuffed them into his pockets, but he knew he’d need to eat something down there.  The more portable the better—in case he was going to be a long time in the cave.  Water, he knew, was no problem. The cave would have plenty.  Most caves around there did. 
“I guess we better not ask,” said the bartender, shaking his head.  
“Come on, Amos, you wouldn’t let him do this if he was your kid,” said Deeter.
“His folks know sort of, but they don’t really know,” JJ said Amos.  “It was the same with me at his age.  I never told my family what I was doing when I went caving.”
Joel looked back at them. “Anybody coming with me?” he asked.  Of course, he knew already none of them would.  All three cocked their heads like they weren’t sure they’d heard aright what he was saying.  Then, they all guffawed. 
“Joel, you’re making a big mistake,” said Amos.
Bill stared long and hard at Bryan. “He’s acting as wacko as Roquefort.  Well, almost.”
“Roquefort?” said Amos. “That’s a cheese, aint it?”  
The caver smiled. “Yeah, it’s a cheese.  A smelly one.  It’s also the name of this wild guy who lives up there on the ridge, spends most of his time in that cave. That’s what everyone calls him.  Roquefort.  He’s a loner, too.”  
“What’s he looking for?” asked Amos.  
“Who knows?’ said Deeter as if to say: “Who cares?”
“Well, here’s what I heard,” said Bill. “A caver told me he’s searching for somebody--a relative who got lost in the caves. Searching for years, he said.” 
“Searching for a dead body, I guess,” said the bartender.  He smiled and shook his head.  
“Why’s he called Roquefort?” asked Joel.  
“He smells like the cheese,” said Bill.  
“Stinks,” said Deeter. “He never bathes.”
“He also farts,” said Bill. “Constantly.”  They all laughed. 
“Tell you one thing,” said Bill. “The guy knows caving, knows Slater’s inside and out.  They say he’s got a degree.  Likes to quote Homer.”
“Homer?  Who’s that?”  Deeter frowned as he asked the question.
“One of those old-time Greeks,” said his friend.  “Not much good it did him. Maybe you can borrow some gear from him if you can find him.  Oh, and he’s big---like an NFL lineman.  A lineman and a half.”  He turned to grin at his partner.  “Just be careful.  He’s sort of weird.”
“Got to go,” said Joel.  What he needed from them now were directions to the cave.  
They seemed a little reluctant to provide them but finally gave him vague pointers about a dirt road that went uphill. “There’s a sign for the trail,” said Bill. “Was one.  Somebody said it got knocked down.”
“You can’t just walk into Slater’s anymore,” said Deeter. “They posted a cop to keep people out---specially kids.”  
“That means you, Joel,” said his partner.  “Don’t know how you’ll get in there.” 
“A cop?” said Joel.  He couldn’t hide his disappointment. 
“It’s probably Jack,” said Amos. “There’s no way that guy’s going to guard a hole in the ground at this hour.”
“I suppose,” said Bill smiling. “Too bad about all this.  I hear the mayor was hoping to turn Slater’s into a tourist attraction.  Not much chance of that now if they can’t find Bryan, and the word gets out there’s a body in there somewheres.”
“That’s bad?” asked Jeeter.  He sounded contemptuous.
“What about the new cave system?” asked Joel. “The one they just discovered.  How do I get into that?”
There was silence. “Got no idea,” said Bill.  “Is that what your brother was looking for?”  
He sounded a lot less friendly talking about the new caves, thought Joel. “I don’t know for sure,” he said, which was true.  
“Listen, young fellah,” said Deeter gruffly. “Slater’s a dangerous place for someone who doesn’t cave.  Don’t kid yourself.  I’d stay out of there if I was you.”  
“He’s right,” said Amos.  “I heard the new caves have a sinkhole that’s a thousand feet deep.  Don’t want to fall into that.”
“Thanks for the warning,” said Joel.  He noticed a big flashlight behind the bar by the sink. “Can I borrow that?” he asked. 
Amos hesitated. “You’ll bring it back?”
“I promise.”  
“In time for Christmas?” said Bill.  He was laughing. “Is it waterproof, Amos?”  
“Oh, yeah.  I wouldn’t lend it to him if it wasn’t.”
Deeter was not laughing.  He called after Joel sharply as he headed for the front door. “I’m telling you, kid.  Stay out of it!  You don’t belong in there!”  He hesitated for half a second.  “A lot of bad things could happen to you.”
Joel found himself getting a little ticked off at this Deeter character.  Who was he to tell him to stay out of the cave?  He turned and said emphatically: “I’m going down.  If I can find him, I’ll pull him out.”
“Dead or alive, huh?” said Deeter.  His contempt for a non-caver was obvious.
“Hey, Deeter, take it easy,” said Bill. “It’s his brother.”
“Stay out of this, Bill.  If he wants to pretend he’s a grownup, he’ll have to act like one.”
Joel hesitated.  The guy was being deliberately nasty, but he realized it wasn’t worth tangling with him.  He had to get going. “Thanks, Amos, for the flashlight,” he said and closed the door behind him. 
The night air was crisp and carried a hint of wood smoke.  A touch of winter hanging on in June.  He looked up at the bright, nearly full moon and took a sharp, deep breath.  There were so many stars, many more than you saw further south in New England.  He swung his bike out and hopped onto it.  Suddenly, he saw Amos, the bar- tender, standing nearby in the dark.
“Want your flashlight back?” he asked.  He figured Amos had changed his mind about lending it to him.
“No, keep it.  You’ll need it.”  He paused as though he were having trouble finding the words.  “Listen, Joel, I don’t want you to get hurt.  When Deeter told you to stay out of that cave, he meant it.  He’s a tough character.  I wouldn’t cross him.”  He hesitated.  “You know, Deeter was one of the guys the mayor sent down to look for Bryan.  Don’t know why he didn’t tell you.”  He lowered his voice. “I’d think twice, man, about going too deep into Slater’s.”  
“Doesn’t sound like he looked that hard,” said Joel.  
Amos said nothing.  He turned around quickly and headed back to his bar.
It was a long slog and all uphill.  It didn’t help riding along on dirt.  It was always slower than pavement.  Bill had told him to look out for a stream crossing under the road because the sign, if it was still there, would come soon after.  He saw the stream but not the sign.  He kept on biking until he knew he had gone too far, then, turned around and started biking downhill.  It sure was easier.  
Now he saw a gap in the bushes so he stopped, dumped his bike in the weeds and started poking around with the bartender’s flashlight.  Not too bright, he thought.  Probably wouldn’t last long in that cave.  And, then, he caught sight of it, a faded, broken sign lying under some bushes.  He could dimly make out the name “Slater’s.”  
He biked down the road another hundred feet and hid the bike deep in the scrub.  Why did he bother to hide it? he wondered.  If somebody found his bike in this part of the state, they’d probably post signs on the trees. That’s how people were around here.  
He pulled his windbreaker free from the handlebars along with his duffle and started to hike toward the cave.  It wasn’t exactly a trail, more like a memory of one.  But the sky was brightening just a hair, which made it easier to follow--until the trail abruptly stopped.  He was standing now at the edge of a clearing in the forest, and there was no sign of a cave.  Also, no sign of Jack, the village cop.  
He’d been kind of expecting an imposing cave entrance with a yawning portal leading mysteriously into the ridge—more like the cave he and Bryan had explored.  Instead, all there was was a narrow, horizontal cleft between boulders just inside the clearing---like a den a bear might hole up in.  Lots of footprints, though, and a couple of dented green cans of soda.  This must be it, he figured. Well, he was here to check it out so he sat down on the edge of the cleft and began easing himself into the cave.  
He felt a familiar pang of fear, the sensation he always felt going into dark, tight places.  Also, an eerie strangeness as he realized this was probably where Bryan had gone into Slater’s five days ago.  He had likely sat on the same ledge of rock before moving off into the blackness beyond.  He also thought about Roquefort.  Was he in here somewhere?  The idea of running into him in the dark made him nervous.  Would he try to mess with him?  He guessed he’d get plenty of warning.  The guy stunk, they said.  
He also thought about this guy Deeter, the one Amos had warned him about---the guy with the sneer.  Why did he want him to stay out of Slater’s?  It was none of his damn business---but he’d just as soon not run into him either. 

(FOUR)
He slithered downward about a hundred feet along a narrow, rock-strewn pathway into darkness.  He remembered Amos’ flashlight and turned it on.  It had a good, wide beam, but he could see it was starting to fade.  Now the magic that Bryan was always talking about began to reveal itself, the mysterious feeling of entering an unknown world.  He was inside a small cavern surrounded by steep rock walls.  The air smelled really pungent and damp.  Not exactly bad, though.  Kind of exotic.  In fact, he rather liked it.  It was chilly but not cold enough to zip up his jacket. 
Something seemed to fly by him as though an unknown cave creature had flung something at him.  He heard what must be wings whooshing by him.  It came to him suddenly.  Bats!  He swept the flashlight across the ceiling, and there they were—hundreds of them hanging upside down, their wings folded against them like small black umbrellas. The ones not sleeping stared back at him through tiny eyes.  Now and then one would drop down and fly off.  
He thought about Bryan taking in the same scene.  Probably old familiar stuff for him.  He had been in so many caves.  What direction would he have gone in?  The cavern definitely seemed to have more than one passage leading out of it.  He walked, or rather stumbled, over uneven ground toward one exit that looked promising.  But the shadows had fooled him.  He proceeded a few feet into a side-cave—and it ended.  No more cave.  Just walls.  
He tried hiking in the opposite direction. The walls seemed to move in on him as the passage got narrower, and he figured it would be another dead end.  But no.  It was a winding defile that a few yards later opened up into an even bigger cavern.  This one had some stalagmites in it---blotchy-colored, barrel-like columns, some of which tapered into delicate white fingers reaching up and up.  As though trying to find a way out of their rocky prison.  He remembered from school that stalagmites grew out of the ground, and you could tell them from stalacmites because of the “g” hiding in the middle of the word.  Stalacmites came down from the ceiling and had a “c” for ceiling hiding in the middle.  This cave also had a long, narrow pool that wound into the shadows at the far end. 
Then came another magical moment.  As he watched, shining the flashlight around the place, he saw a bat fly abruptly down from somewhere, skim along the surface of the pool, as though it were unzipping it, and disappear into darkness.  Briefly there were ripples on the surface, and, then, they were gone.  My God, thought Joel, that little guy’s having a drink.  He thought about having one himself.  I wonder if it’s safe, he asked himself, but he couldn’t resist reaching his hand into the pool to taste it.  It was fresh and cold.  
It occurred to him that if he went much further, he would never be able to find his way back.  If only he had some chalk or white rice or even torn bits of paper, anything that would show him where he’d been.  He wondered how Bryan had marked his path or did he just know the way?  
The flashlight was getting fainter.  What he truly needed was a caver’s light like an LED head lamp.  He remembered his brother said it stood for “light emitting diode,” whatever that meant.  All cavers had one—Bryan, too. 
Then, he saw it.  His heart began to beat so fast he felt he was going to faint.  Right on the cave wall about even with his head was a mark---one made by a rock being rubbed on another rock.  It was roughly drawn but unmistakably a “B”.  He walked over to it in wonder and reached up and touched the “B”.  It could have been made a few minutes ago, but he realized it could have been there for all five days.  
“Damn, Bryan,” he whispered. “You must be in here.  You must be alive, guy.  I’m going to find you.”  
He began walking as quickly as he could across the jumble of broken rocks on the cave’s floor.  Except now he had a new concern.  He was beginning to get over his initial feelings of suffocating claustrophobia, but what was replacing them was another worry:  he realized he was becoming more and more lost.  How was he ever going to get out of here?  He turned around again and again to try to keep track of the way back, but everything always looked different.  The near side of a stalagmite never looked the same as the far side.  There seemed no way for him to recognize the way back.  Meanwhile, Amos’ flashlight was growing dimmer and dimmer.  
Suddenly, he slipped and fell, and the flashlight jumped from his hand and rolled away.  It also went out.  The cave around him was now a black nothing.  He had no clue where to go next.  If his brother had left more “B” signs around, he was never going to see them.  
He felt a creeping panic.  He started to call out Bryan’s name, at first softly, then, louder and louder.  All that came back was a mocking echo of “Bryan.”  His old fear of caving and tight places came back with a vengeance.  What on earth could he do?  He was also struck by the absurdity of it all.  He had come in here to find Bryan, and at this rate he might be the one they would have to find.  
He had stepped into a pool of water.  It seemed like a pool at first, but then in the dark he realized it wasn’t a pool.  It was a small, slowly flowing stream.  He decided to follow its course on the chance that it might lead to somewhere—perhaps, an exit from the cavern he was in.  Splashing along it in his sneakers, he followed it through a squeezed defile and could feel the water speeding up.  What’s that mean? he asked himself.  It’s like the water’s being pulled along.  
The stream came out at a place where he heard the echoing sound of falling water.  A cascade? he wondered.  A small one probably.  He felt the rocky edge of the waterfall through the bottom of his sneakers.  It came to him that this might be the lip of a pothole.  He couldn’t see it, but he could hear the water from the stream falling noisily straight down into it.
The next moment he had lost his balance and was sliding down the pothole’s slippery sides and landing in a small basin at the bottom of it.  He had bruised one knee.  He was sure it was bleeding because it felt wet and warm, but he wasn’t hurt, just embarrassed and mad at himself for letting it happen.  
He tried to stand up and fell again.  It was really slithery.  He felt an impulse to laugh but not for long as he quickly discovered that he was not going to get out of this hole that easily.  Its sides rose smoothly upwards all around him to what seemed like a point above his head where the water from the stream slid off the pothole’s upper edge.  At the pothole’s bottom was a pool that drained out to somewhere. 
At first he couldn’t believe he was actually stuck in this thing.  It was as though he thought that in a few minutes the pothole would sprout some handy stone steps leading up out of it.  It didn’t.  It was what it was, minus any hand or foot holds, and he was trapped in it in pitch darkness.  How was he going to get out of it?  It was obviously only a few feet deep, but he had no tools to help him escape.  Cell phones, he remembered, were useless in caves though he’d brought one.  There was no reception.
This was crazy.  Was he going to starve and perish here at the very start of his search?  He could only think of how embarrassing it would be to be found here by a caver or Bryan, especially Bryan.  But he couldn’t just sit and do nothing.  
He began to shout.  “Help me!  Help me!”  It sounded sissyish and totally useless.  The shout seemed to get swallowed up in the windings of the cave.  How could anyone possibly hear it?  The hopeless nature of his predicament began to overwhelm him.  It bloomed in his mind like a fire, racing through him and devouring him.  He realized in one cataclysmic moment that he was doomed.  He was going to die here in this idiotic pitch-black pothole.
Instinctively he felt a need for something tied to hard reality.  He reached into his pocket for one of the candy bars he’d bought at the tavern.  The taste of chocolate mixed with peanuts felt reassuring; the definitive crunch of it seemed to steady him.  
“You gonna eat all of that?” The voice was quiet and confidential like it was coming from someone standing right next to him. “Down here we share everything.”  
Joel felt elated and frightened both at once. This was another human being---someone who could rescue him!  But the voice was also profoundly scary—deep and somehow threatening. “Take it easy, mister,” he said, his voice wavering as he tried to tamp down his fear. “I’ve got another one.”  He pulled out another candy bar and held it up. “Where the hell are you?” 
“Such language,” said the voice.  “If your mother could hear you.  Toss it up.”
He no longer had Amos’ flashlight, but he remembered that his cell phone had a tiny light on it.  He fished it out of the waterproof bag he had taken from Bryan’s apartment and played it around above his head.  He made out the vague shadow of a huge man with a headlamp peering over the edge of the waterfall.  He threw the candy bar up at him.  It bounced off him, and he leaned down to pick it up.  
After a moment, the man mumbled:  “Mmm, Mars Bar. Love ‘em.”  
Bryan quickly said:  “Please, can you get me out of here?”  He realized he probably sounded pretty scared.  After hearing no reply, he added. “I’ve got more of these.”  All he could hear was the man’s mouth munching away.  A minute went by.  
“Trying to make a deal?” the guy asked.  
“Well, yeah,” said Joel. There was something in the guy’s voice that made him realize this was not just talk but banter.  He decided he better play along. “One more Mars Bar in return for rescuing me---and one more for loaning me some caving gear.”  
The voice laughed loudly.  “I like that,” it said.  “How do you know I’m not the devil.  I may want your soul.”  
“Done deal,” said Joel.  He tossed up another candy bar.  
The voice laughed again.  “I like you,” it said. “You’ve got a sense of humor.  Not all cavers do.  Except I can see you’re no caver.  Where’s your gear?”  
“I need a light and a helmet and a jacket,” said Joel.  There was dead silence.  
“No light, no helmet, no jacket?”  
“Nope.”  
“You know you’re in Davy Jones’ Locker down there. You know what that is?”  
“I’ve sailed,” said Joel.  “He collects dead sailors.”  
I guess you’re not an imbecile,” said the man. “Just a lunatic.  Here, grab this line.”  
He flung over a short length of rope, and Joel went up it hand over hand and over the edge of the pothole while the man held the other end.  He could hardly believe that one minute he was trapped and doomed and the next he was free.  
“Great to be alive, uh?” said the stranger.  He was huge all right---and really tall.  In the faint light, Joel made out ragtag, mud-splattered clothes and a head and face covered with every-which-way black hair.  It was hard to guess his age--in his thirties maybe.  He had teeth the color of butternut squash.  Joel imagined they had never been touched by a tooth brush.
“Thanks,” said Joel, but this guy was no stranger.  It was pretty clear he could only be Roquefort.  He fit the cavers’ physical description to a T--with one exception.  Yeah, he smelled but not all that bad really, Joel thought.
“Not as smelly as they told you, right?”  Now he was smiling a curious sort of half smile—as one side of his mouth turned up, and the other side stayed the same.  It made Joel wonder if he was really smiling at all.  “It’s true, I don’t bathe that often, but after a while the smell sort of settles down and stays reasonable.”  He took a sighing breath.  “Not fair, of course, but they call me Roquefort anyway.  Now about your offer of a candy bar for gear.  As the poet says, ‘hunger is insolent and will be fed.’  But before I help you out, I have to know more.”  
He stood there on the edge of the pothole with his arms akimbo, a large leather bag slung over one shoulder.  Along with being big, Joel noted, he had a vast belly that seemed to swim from side to side when he moved. “What in the name of Jehoshaphat are you doing down here?” he said. “Without proper gear.”  
“Well, where’s your gear?” Joel asked defiantly.  This guy certainly wasn’t outfitted like other cavers.  He wore a small helmet with an LED light on it perched on his head, but that was it.  And was this poet he said he was quoting Homer? 
“My gear’s in here,” said Roquefort, patting the bag on his shoulder. “In my magic bag—along with my wizard’s hat.” 
Joel debated for a long moment whether he should be telling this odd-ball guy the truth.  But, hey, he was the one who did have proper gear or so he said, and he probably had information about every twist and turn in Slater’s Cave.  What’s more he’d just saved his life.  “I’m looking for my twin.  His name is---”
“He’s down here, too?” Roquefort seemed quite taken aback.  
So Joel had to tell him the whole sad story, that Bryan had gear, that he was a real caver, that he was lost or maybe injured somewhere in the cave, that Joel was going to find him or else.  “Even if he’s—”
“Dead.”  Roquefort nodded grimly.  The big man stared closely at Joel.  “You two clowns are probably the most irresponsible people I ever heard about,” he said.  “Also, obdurate, perhaps, even pertinacious.  Do I want to loan my gear to the likes of you?”  He stood there mulling it over—or was he just pretending to?
This fellow definitely had an education, thought Joel as he tried to remember what “pertinacious” meant.  “It means stubborn,” said the big guy.  Then, he asked: “How many Mars Bars do you have?”
“A lot,” said Joel.  “I also have Milky Ways, protein bars and trail mix.”
“Milky Ways?  I guess you’re better prepared than I thought.”  Roquefort made a noise between a snort and a cough. “All I’ve got is beef jerky.”  He stroked a hand slowly downward over his darkly bushy beard as though he were giving something a lot of thought. “I am deeply moved by your mournful tale,” he said.  He was obviously being more than a little sarcastic. “But I can’t trust any of my very valuable equipment to you.  So---”  He paused, frowning deeply, and Joel’s heart sank.  It sounded like this guy wasn’t going to lend him any gear at all. 
Roquefort’s stroking hand had come to the end of his beard.  “So--I will have to come with you to keep an eye on it.”  
Joel couldn’t believe his ears. “Come with me?  You will?”  It seemed far too good to be true, and, then, he couldn’t stop himself from asking:  “Why?  You don’t even know—”  
“I told you once.  Do I have to tell you again?  I like you.  And, by the way, forget Roquefort.  Call me Roke.  Have you heard me fart?  No,” he answered the question himself. “Superb self-control. That’s all it takes.”  He smiled that funny-looking half a smile again.  “Now let’s get going.”  
It was truly amazing how well Roke knew Slater’s Cave and all its arbitrary wanderings and rock-lined passages.  He moved so fast Joel could barely keep up.  He would stop and peer down dizzying crevasses spraying his LED light around like a garden hose.  Every now and then he’d yell something like “Yo-o!!,” and his deep voice would reverberate eerily off the cave walls, sending the yell back over and over.  “Like a lost soul moaning in hell,” he said cheerily. “What’s your twin’s name again?” 
“I never said,” Joel called out to him. “It’s Bryan.”
“That doesn’t shout very well.  Joel’s better,” said Roke.
“Well, we do look alike,” said Joel, “but he won’t answer if you don’t call him Bryan.”
“Fancy that,” said Roke in a mocking tone.  
Joel donned the helmet Roke gave him and got a lesson in how to turn the light on and off and how to adjust it.  “Look at him,” he said. “Looks like half a caver already.  Well, half of a half.”  
“How far in are we now?” said Joel.  
“Oh, three, four miles I’d guess.  Twice as far as that phony search crew got.”
“You mean---?” Joel was shocked. “The search team told people they’d gone in seven or eight miles.”  It made it seem all the more possible that they might have missed Bryan. 
“Most of these guys are phonies and liars,” said Roke. “The town pays them by the hour.  It’s easy money.  That creep Deeter gets most of the work.  He’s the mayor’s second cousin.  He hires his buddies.” 
Joel described the Deeter he’d met in Amos’ bar.  
“Yeah, that’s him,” said Roke. “A deep down nasty SOB.”  
“How about his friend Bill?  
“Nah, Bill’s all right.”
“How come he wanted me to stay out of here?” asked Joel  
“I thought he was going to mess with me—just because I said I was going in.”
Roke didn’t answer right away. “It’s complicated,” he said, “but I suppose you might as well know.”  He stopped and sat down on a slab of limestone.  “He’s an Indian—a very small part of him is.  He and his buddies think Slater’s belongs to them. They don’t like anybody else coming in here.  They’re angry that I’m here.  Especially Deeter.”
“Why’s that?  You’re not bothering anybody.”
Joel thought Roke was about to tell him why, but he seemed to change his mind.  Instead, his mood darkened, and he fell silent.  “You ask too many questions,” he said.  “Just shut up for a while.”
Now it was Joel’s turn to fall quiet.  It was insulting to be told to shut up, but he wasn’t going to press it.  He figured Roke was probably afraid Joel might ask some questions he didn’t want to answer.  And, then, something very unexpected happened that explained a whole lot of things.
They were traveling along the broken floor of a cavern in silence when suddenly Roke tumbled to the ground.  It was a heavy, clumsy fall.  Joel could hardly believe it when he saw it---the big man seemed so agile and quick everywhere else they went in Slater’s.  He sat there breathing heavily, rubbing his knees and cursing himself.  
“Sorry to hold us up,” he said. 
“It’s nothing,” said Joel.  “Did you hurt yourself?”  
“I’m fine.”  He glanced at Joel.  “It happens too often,” he said softly.  “I’m a klutz, I guess.”  
“Let’s move more slowly,” said Joel earnestly. “I mean really.”  
Roke had dropped his magic bag when he fell.  It was within easy reach, but he seemed to be having trouble getting his hands on it.  He kept groping around for it.  An enormous realization came over Joel. The two of them stared at each other for a long, long moment.  
Yeah,” said Roke. “I’m mostly blind.”
Joel was astonished.  Blind!  He couldn’t comprehend it. “But how do you--I mean you run through these caves like a deer.”
“I know them pretty well,” said Roke.  He grinned ruefully. 
“Except sometimes I get cocky.”
“But you’ve been beaming that light around like you can see everything.  If you can’t, why don’t you get some glasses?”
“I tried them,” he said. “They don’t work.  I’m too blind.”  He stopped to yell Bryan’s name into the dark again.  “It’s okay.  Blurs are enough.  Blurs and shadows.  They’re all I need to see my way.”  He thought about it.  “In the dark of a cave we’re all equal.”
Joel understood it now. This must be the reason why Roke had become a caver and spent so much time underground.  This was the world he felt at ease in.  He felt a great wave of sympathy for him.  They started on their way again.  After a minute or two the big guy made a sudden move, bending over and thrusting his hand into a crack in a rock.  He pulled out a small white salamander.  “Can’t see him too good, but he can’t see me at all.  That’s because he’s 100% blind.  Lot of critters down here like that.  I heard him, though.”  
Joel was amazed.  He had heard nothing. “Blind guys hear better than you,” said Roke. “Most of them.”  He put the salamander back in its crack. “It’s another thing that helps even things out.”
“Except for one thing, Roke.”  Joel debated whether or not he wanted to admit this to the big guy.  It had been on his mind.  
“What’s that?” 
“One thing isn’t even.  How come you’re always so cool down here—and I’m, well—”
“Scared?”  Roke chuckled quietly.  
“Yeah, I guess that’s me.”  Roke was never afraid.  How did he do it?
Roke peered hard at him. “You’re giving in to it.  Don’t.  Simple as that.”
“That’s it?”  
“That’s it.”  He pointed to his head.  “This is the boss.  Never forget it.”
“Okay,” said Joel.  Not exactly the magic answer he was hoping to hear, but clearly it was about all Roke was going to share with him.  
“Give it time,” said Roke. “I was scared once, too.”  
As they moved along, Joel looked back over his shoulder a couple of times to see where they had come.  He figured it would be smart to memorize the route---so he could help them retrace their steps and make their way out later on.  Especially now that he knew what he knew about Roke.  But like the last time he had tried to do this when he first came into Slater’s, he was taken aback by what he saw.  Nothing looked familiar at all.  Every time he looked back, it seemed like a new and entirely different cave.  And Roke wasn’t even trying to mark the way. He picked up a rock and started rubbing surreptitious marks on walls and rocks by the trail.  
“Don’t do that!” said Roke sharply. He could hear what Joel was doing. “You’re only messing up the place.” 
“But how are you going to find your way out?  I’m lost already,” said Joel.
“I know these caves front to back.”  Roke lowered his voice. “Besides, we don’t want to point the way for Deeter.”  After a moment he added: “How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise.”
Joel gave him a probing look. “That poet you keep quoting.  It’s Homer, right?”  He remembered one of the cavers at the bar said Roke often did that.
The big man scratched at his beard.  “What that guy said three thousand years ago still works for me.  And he was even blinder than me.”  He yelled Bryan’s name several times in a row listening in vain for a reply. “Anyway, you’re not a caver.  I am,” he said.  
Still, it was hard for Joel to believe that a blind man could maneuver this well in the darkness of the cave.  And, then, he was going to run it all backwards without a single mistake?  For that matter, how did Bryan find his way through this maze?  At least he could see.  Roke could barely see anything.
Joel remembered the “B” he’d seen on the cave wall earlier.  He mentioned it to Roke. “Probably was him.  Must be more in here somewhere.” 
Just then, Joel saw another “B”—on the far side of a stalagmite.  Roke brought his eyes up to the “B”, almost close enough to touch it and nodded. “Your brother’s smart.  Putting the B’s where he’d see them coming back.  He’s doing good so far.  We’re in about seven miles.”
Joel wondered if he dared ask him about his own long search for someone in the cave—what Bill had talked about in the tavern. “They said you’re looking for someone, too,” he said.
“Who told you that?”  He seemed annoyed that Joel knew this—as though it was none of his business to know it. 
“A caver at the bar.  He didn’t know who you were looking for.  He just said you’d been searching for years.”  
Roquefort didn’t answer right away.  Finally, he said somberly: “Yeah, I been looking for my dad.”
“Your dad?  What was your dad doing down here?”  
What was almost as surprising was the idea that a wild guy like Roke ever had a dad.  It was easy to imagine him as a gnarled stalagmite coming to life in a remote cavern.
He became very pensive and quiet.  “He was looking for me.”  His voice got rather husky. “You see, I got lost in here when I was a little kid.  He searched a long time.  My mom had died so I was all the family he had---but he never found me.”  He pinged a stone into a crevasse.  “Instead, he got lost himself.”
“Wow, that’s awful.  So how did you get out of here, Roke?  You were just a kid.  Somebody else found you?”
“Nope.  I guess I just wandered out.  This sweet lady said she saw me standing in her backyard.  Picking some daisies.  Not sure how I got there.”
“But your dad never made it.”  Joel was trying to imagine it all.  “Did she take you in?”  
Roke nodded slowly.  “Took me in and raised me.  She didn’t have any kids of her own.”  He stared down at the ground.  “She was wonderful to me.”  
Joel gave him a questioning look.  
“Yeah, she’s gone now.  That’s when I started looking for my dad.”
“And you’ve been looking for him ever since,” whispered Joel.  An obvious thought came to him.  “But this was a long time ago.  He can’t still be alive, Roke.  Or can he?”
“No, he’s gone, too.  I know that.”  He seemed to fall into a reverie.  “I guess what I’ve been hoping is to find something of him he left behind.  Maybe something he made for me to find.”  Roke shook his head slowly.  “No, I never found anything.  The fact is I don’t know much about him.  He was an artist, a sculptor, a great one, people say, but that’s about all I do know.”
Sounds like me and Bryan,” said Joel.  “We don’t know much about our dad either.”
Roke yelled out Bryan’s name again but didn’t bother to listen for an answer.  
“Yeah, all I found was an old Indian who said he thought he’d seen him--but that was years ago.”
“An Indian?”
“This place used to be a hideout for Indians. The settlers weren’t interested in caves, so nobody cared if the Indians hung out in them.”
Joel was afraid to ask him more questions.  Roke didn’t like answering them—he could see that.  Still, there were things he was dying to ask him, things that might help him locate Bryan.
“Roke, you don’t have to answer this.  Why the hell is Deeter so ticked off at us?” 
“Another question!  Don’t you ever stop?”  The big man sighed a huge sigh. “Okay, one more answer.  That’s got to be it.  Deeter believes the old settlers gave this cave to the Indians so it belongs to him and his stupid buddies.  Now he believes the locals’re trying to take it back, bring in tourists and stuff.  Besides, he thinks there’re too many cavers in here already.”
“Well, I say let them have it,” said Joel.  “I sure don’t need it.”  He looked at Roke.  “Except you do.”  
Roke smiled thinly. “I guess I’d miss it,” he said.  He stopped to dip his cupped hand into a pool.  He slurped up a mouthful.  “Deeter’s also angry that word’s gotten out about the new cave system.  Nobody was supposed to know about it.”
“So what?  It’s just more caves.” 
“Not these caves,” said Roke.  “No indeed.  Not these.”
“What’s so great about them?”
“I’ve never seen them,” said Roke. “But I’ve heard rumors.  There’s like a big secret hidden in them.”  
“Bryan talked about a secret.  He wouldn’t say what it was—but I think he was hoping to find it.”
“I hope he did.”
“Why are you whispering?” asked Joel.
“I’m not whispering,” said Roke.  But he was.  
“It’s because you think Deeter might be down here and overhear us.”
“Always possible,” said Roke.
“What can he do about it?  He can’t keep people out.”
“He can try,” said Roke ominously. “This is a very angry man who wants to get even.  That’s what he’s all about.  Wants to get even with me because I’m here.  Wants to get even with you and your brother and all the other people he thinks don’t belong here.”
Joel frowned.  He thought about the darkly sneering face on the caver at the bar.
“That’s why you need to worry about your brother,” said the big man.  
Joel felt a rising queasiness in his stomach. “Let’s get going,” he said. “I don’t care about their stupid caves.  I’m here to find Bryan.”
They had hiked into a large cavern with multiple entrances, and Roke was pulling at his beard, deciding which way they should go. “I’m trying to think like Bryan,” he said.  
“But you never met him,” said Joel. “How can you know how he thinks?”  
“I know his twin,” he said. “That’s enough.”  He rolled his eyes upward.  “More than enough.  Besides, Bryan’s a real caver.”
The big guy was at it again, taunting him for being a know-nothing.  He decided to call him on it. “So which way do you think Bryan and I would choose in this cavern?”  
“It’s pretty obvious. That way,” Roke said pointing to a passageway on the other side of the cavern—even though he could barely see it. 
Joel was really surprised that he had picked exactly the passageway he would have picked—but he didn’t want to admit it.  
He wouldn’t let him one-up him this time.  “Wrong,” he lied.  
Roke smiled slyly. “Okay, smartie, you tell me which way you and your mad twin would go.”  
Joel made a different, contrarian pick. “Hope you brought a bathing suit,” said Roke, and he took a few huge steps over to the cave portal Joel had picked. 
“You first, kid.” he said.  Joel hesitated half a second, but he didn’t want to appear nervous.  He ducked his head and plunged into the narrow passageway.  Almost immediately it became very cramped and squeezed and impossible to stand up in.  They had to move along on all fours. “Like apes,” said Roke.  “Long as we don’t have to go on our hands and knees.  That really slows you down.”  
The ceiling of the passage began to get lower and lower, and soon they were indeed creeping along in single file on their hands and knees.  And now the ground was getting very wet and, then, more than wet and, then, just plain muddy.  Soon the mud turned into several inches of water. 
“Told you,” said Roke. “Still think Bryan came this way?  Want to turn back?  While you can?”  
Looking back over his shoulder, Joel could see him grinning that impudent grin of his.  He knew he was being goaded---the bumbling outsider, the stubborn non-caver who needed to be shown that caving took more than good eyes.  He felt a surge of defiance rising in himself.  This guy was beginning to piss him off. “No,” he said. “Let’s go on to the end.”  
“Okay, your funeral,” said Roke.
It didn’t take long.  The water rose higher and higher as the ceiling dropped lower and lower in the tunnel.  This is insane, thought Joel.  There’re only a few inches of air between us and the roof of this thing, and the walls are closing in fast.  What if the water goes right up to the ceiling?  How will we breathe?  Can we even back out?  He was starting to feel overwhelmed by his old fears.  Still, he wanted to show the big guy he could do it---in Roke’s words, to not give up.

(FIVE)
Roke had been pushing at Joel’s feet from behind and egging him on. “Hey, showoff,” he yelled, “want to give up?  Can’t handle it?  Only one more mile, and we’ll be there.  Piece of cake.  By the way, can you swim underwater?”  Then, abruptly, he stopped pushing and stopped shouting.  All Joel could hear was his heavy breathing.  What was this big galumpf going to demand now?  
What came next was a big surprise.
“Okay, kid, you win,” said Roke.  “I’m too big.  I can’t get through.  Got to back out.”  
So Joel had won.  He wasn’t sure exactly what he had won.  He was cold and wet and exhausted, but maybe Roke would have more respect for him now.  Maybe that was triumph enough.  He looked behind him.  The beam from Roke’s lamp was growing smaller and smaller as he pushed himself backwards out of the tunnel.  Joel peered straight ahead of him, the lamp on his helmet lighting the way. The water looked like it was about to rise right to the top of the tunnel, erasing the tiny air space that was left.  
But wasn’t that daylight filtering down into the water not too far ahead?  It was crazy, but it seemed like, if he took a deep enough breath, he could swim underwater a short distance and come out of the tunnel into a pool in another cavern.  One that had light coming into it from where?  Another entrance?  But what if it wasn’t true?  What if the tunnel went on and on, too far for him to swim through holding his breath?  Not even Roke could save him then.  It would be an ugly, drowning death.  
And yet, was it possible Bryan had come this way?  He did know how to swim—even though he disliked it.  It was that thought that propelled him.  How else could they find him?  They had to go where Bryan might have gone.  It meant he had to try it.  He was a big swimmer, for God’s sake.  He ought to be able to handle something like this.  
He heard Roke’s angry voice far behind him.  He had guessed what Joel was up to.  “Don’t do it!” he yelled “You damn fool.  You’ll die!” 
But he was now underwater.  He’d taken that deep breath and was side-stroking and lunging underwater through the tunnel—as far as he could go with each stroke.  It was further than he’d guessed.  Maybe twice as far.  He thought he was going to faint.  He wanted desperately to open his mouth, to breathe in, to breathe in even water, but at the same time instinct told him, no, he mustn’t, he must not, must not, must not.  And, then, he was out of the tunnel, breaking the surface of a large pool in the bottom of a soaring cavern and sucking in great gulps of sweet, lovely air. 
It was too deep to stand up in so for a long minute he just floated on his back looking upwards.  The cavern was filled with patches of daylight raining down from several small clefts in its ceiling and dancing on the water in the pool.  It was wondrous to see out to glimpses of cheerful blue sky after so long in the dark of a cave world.  And, then, he began to worry about how he would ever get out of this place.  The crevices of light in its roof seemed completely inaccessible.  Would he have to dive back down into that flooded tunnel to escape? The thought terrified him.  He might not be as lucky a second time.  He might take a wrong turn, he might lose consciousness, he might simply drown.  
He pulled himself out of the pool.  He knew he would have to worry about hypothermia if his body temperature began to drop.  Was there any chance that Roke could find him?  How would he do it?  He probably didn’t know this part of Slater’s that well or maybe not at all.  He’d have to struggle through a labyrinth of passages.  
Was it possible to believe that his brother had come the same way he had through that flooded tunnel?  He set about exploring the cavern, checking for possible exits and for signs Bryan might have left behind. 
It was an eerily beautiful place, no question about that---like a sculptured grotto overgrown with stalactites and stalagmites that seemed to reach out to each other like frozen otherworldly lovers.  One corner had some wild extrusions of white gypsum crystals that glittered in the light floating down from the breaks in the ceiling.  A touch of fairyland in the stark scenery of Slater’s Cave.  He had a feeling this might be a little-known cavern in Slater’s—maybe part of the newly revealed cave system.  Was this the same kind of thrill his brother got from exploring caves, the intense thrill of discovery when you’re the first one on the scene?
The bottom of the cave was basically rock, but one area had a small deposit of fine sand.  He pressed his foot into it.  It felt like regular beach sand.  He wondered how it had gotten there.  
And, then, he saw it—a thunderclap trapped in the sand.  The imprint of another sneaker.  He didn’t have to look any closer to know whose it was. “So you did it, too,” he said under his breath.  Bryan had been as stubborn, as pertinacious, to quote Roke, as he was.  He had also come through that tunnel.  
He knelt on his knees in the sand and searched for a clue that could tell him how long ago Bryan had walked there.  It was impossible to know.  A footprint in a cave like this could last for months, for years, perhaps, a century—as everlasting as a footprint on the moon. 
Suddenly, Joel felt a presence in the cave, almost like a vibration very close to him.  He got to his feet and whirled around.  It was Deeter from the bar and two of his long-haired caver buddies.  
“Look what we have here,” he sneered. “This is the little shit I told you about.”  The others laughed.  “Didn’t I tell you to stay the hell out of Slater’s?” he barked.  
“I’m looking for my brother,” said Joel evenly.  
“They’ll be looking for both of you when we’re through,” he said.  With a sudden sweeping gesture, he yanked his belt out of his pants and marched slowly up to Joel.  “Watch this, guys.”  He brought the leather tail of the belt down onto Joel’s head.  Joel partly blocked it with his hand, but it still hurt.  Then, Deeter very deliberately turned the belt around so that the steel buckle end of the belt trailed on the ground.  He held the leather tail in his hand. “That feel comfy, dearie?  Wait’ll you taste this.  Get in line, guys.  Everybody gets a turn.” 
He started to whip the buckle down onto Joel, but this time he was too quick for Deeter.  He sidestepped him and aimed a kick into the pit of his stomach.  He doubled over.
“Get him,” he gasped.  
The other two had pulled out their belts and moved swiftly down on Joel.  He could see there was no way he could come out of this safely.  He backed away right to the edge of the pool wind-milling his belt.  There was an uncertain moment as the two cavers spread out.  Obviously he could only hope to hit one of them before the other one smashed him with his belt.  Still, they hesitated.  
‘Get him!” screamed Deeter.  “Get him!”  
As they began to swing their belts, Joel took the only escape route he could see.  He sucked in a deep breath, leaped backward into the pool behind him and dove out of sight into its deepest part.  He could hear Deeter as he dove in. “So long, jackass!  Bet he can’t swim!”  They all laughed. 
Underwater, Joel looked desperately around for the tunnel he had used to get into the pool.  He swam toward what looked like it, found it was just a hollow in the rock, tried another false exit, began to panic and started to head back to the surface—even though he knew it meant having to face these guys again. 
Then, just before breaking the surface he saw a narrow, water-filled fissure leading off the pool.  He had no idea how far in it went, but in these final terrifying seconds he knew he wasn’t making much sense.  He slid into the fissure and discovered to his amazement that just above the water surface was a slice of air tucked under the rock pavement at the edge of the pool.  Forcing himself to breathe in and out as slowly and quietly as he could, he found he could hear what was going on just above him without being seen or heard.  
The three cavers were laughing hysterically about how they had routed Joel.  All seemed to assume he had already drowned.  One of them checked the pool.  “No sign of him, Deeter.  I mean how long can he hold his breath?”  There were more howls of laughter.  
Then, suddenly, the laughter stopped. There was now a fourth member of the group. “Why, it’s Roquefort,” said one of them.  
“How very nice to see you,” said Deeter.”  Joel couldn’t imagine how he’d managed to find his way into the cavern.  “Just in time to join your friend in his swimming pool,” said Deeter.  “The one he’s staying in for good.”  
Roke said something Joel couldn’t quite catch, but he could tell he was angry.  
“So what are you going to do about it?” asked Deeter.  
Joel could hear Roke whip out his belt.  A huge, noisy scuffle began, punctuated by the sound of belts and punches landing on bodies.  Roke did not cry out, but the others sure did.  Joel could only think of one thing: he had to help him.
He felt badly that he had squabbled with him.  Roke was his friend.  He wouldn’t have gotten even half this far without him.  He slid carefully out of the narrow fissure that led into the pool and pulled himself along the side of the pool with only his nose and fingers showing above the surface.  Suddenly, he realized things had taken a very dangerous turn up there on the cavern floor.  
“I didn’t know you had a gun, Deeter,” said one of the men. 
“So you’re going to commit murder,” said Roke.  
“Who’s going to know?” said Deeter. “You going to rat on me, Rokey boy?  Not likely.”  A shot went off.  It echoed and echoed around the cavern and was followed by a grim silence.  “Just so you know it’s loaded, big guy.”  
“Do you really want to do this?” This was one of his henchmen talking. “Murder’s a big rap.”  
“Shut up, Al.” 
Joel began to realize that Deeter was standing very near the pool.  He didn’t hesitate.  Gripping the edge of the pool’s rocky lip, he lifted himself slowly and quietly out of the pool behind Deeter.  Now he lunged his legs out of the water onto the pavement and latched onto Deeter’s jacket.  
“Look out!” shouted Al.  
But the warning came too late.  Joel had pulled Deeter into the pool and was holding him under water.  
His two buddies looked on flabbergasted, and in that instant Roke grabbed them by the hair and slammed their heads together.  The pistol fell from Deeter’s hand and wobbled its way to the pool’s bottom leaving a thin trail of bubbles.  Joel held him under long enough to make sure he got plenty of water in his lungs and, then, let him go.  Flailing back to the surface, Deeter choked and screamed in panic: “Help me, help me!  I can’t swim!”  
Still holding the other two by their long hair, Roke looked down at him and shook his head.  “Kind of late to remember that,” he said.  “Let him flounder, Joel.”
Then, he let Deeter’s two henchmen go.  “We can’t keep an eye on all three of them,” he said. “Deeter’s the one we want.”  As the two took off, he aimed a tremendous kick at one guy’s butt.  He gasped, staggered, sprawled, got up and limped off after his buddy.
Joel was now out of the pool.  Dripping wet though he was, Roke came up to him and wrapped his huge arms around him. “Want a belt?” he asked him. “They left theirs behind.”  They shared a big laugh. “Hey, kid, we’re the luckiest guys there ever were.  I thought we were both sure-fire dead.  I was afraid they’d drowned you.”  
“He was going to shoot you,” said Joel.  He was starting to weep---from fright and exhaustion.  “Roke, you’re the best friend I ever had—after Bryan.  I’m sorry I got mad at you.”  
“Me, too,” said Roke. “Forgive me, boy.  We’ll start over, okay?  You must be freezing.  Come on.  We’ll do the hypothermia hop.”  He began to perform a high-speed jumping-jacks routine. “Come on, Joel, get on it.”  Soon they were both doing it, but laughing so hard they could hardly do it at all.  
“Hey,” said Roke suddenly. “Where’s that turd brain?”  
“You mean Deeter?  He’s right there!”
Deeter had pulled himself out of the pool and was noisily vomiting the water out of his stomach and lungs.  Roke walked up and stood over him. “You’re lucky you’re still alive, dumbo.”  
“I know,” he said meekly.  He was strangely docile, a reminder to Joel of accounts he’d read of enemy soldiers captured in battle.  They were ferocious as warriors, but, when they were prisoners, they sometimes became as tame as rabbits. 
“You’re going to help us find this kid’s twin brother.  His name’s Bryan,” said Roke.
“Yeah, I know him,” said Deeter.  He kept coughing every time he spoke. 
“So where is he?”  Roke was shouting at him.
Deeter shrugged.  “Could be anywhere.”
“Like right around here?” asked Joel. 
“I don’t know this cavern,” said Roke.  “I was never in it before.”
Joel was dumbstruck. “So how did you---”
“Guessed my way into it.  I’m a caver, remember?” 
“Nobody knows it,” said Deeter.  He was barely audible.
“You mean---?”
Deeter nodded.
“So we’ve broken into one of the new caves,” said Roke.
“This was what Bryan was hoping to find,” said Joel.  
Roke gave Deeter a piercing stare. “What’s in here, Deeter?  What’s so special?  It looks like an ordinary cave to me.”
Another shrug.
“There’s a secret in here somewhere, isn’t there?” said Joel. “Bryan was after it.  He said he was.”
“I don’t know nothin’,” Deeter rasped. 
“I think he needs a reminder,” said Roke.  “Something to refresh his memory.”  
He yanked Deeter up by his jacket, headed back to the pool, held him head down just above the water and dunked him up and down in it.  “Is it all coming back to you now?” asked the big man. 
“Okay, Roke.  That’s enough,” said Joel. 
Roke dumped him down on the cave floor. “I’ll kick him till he talks,” he said.
“Don’t,” said Joel. “I think he’s going to tell us. “ 
“Only you,” said Deeter to Joel in a whisper,
“Don’t get too close to him,” warned Roke.
But Joel could only think: this guy knows something he needed to know about Bryan.  He leaned in close to his face as Deeter pointed to the far wall of the cavern. 
“The tunnel,” he gasped.  He had a coughing fit and, then, tried to get out another word, but they couldn’t make it out.
“The what?” asked Roke. 
“Say it again, man,” said Joel.  They weren’t going to hear it.  Deeter had passed out.  
“Come on, Joel.  We can’t worry about him.  He brought this on himself.  Let’s check out the tunnel.”  
He and Joel headed at a trot toward the cavern wall to examine what looked like a possible tunnel-like opening in it.  It was another squeezed-down crawlway, but this one seemed reasonably dry. They pushed along it until suddenly it ended and came out on a long, narrow ledge.  In front of them was a totally overwhelming space—an enormous, rock-lined amphitheater---hundreds of yards across Joel described it for Roke.
“Must be a giant sinkhole,” said Roke.  “Sure’s the biggest one I ever heard about.  This must be what he was trying to tell us about.”
“Is this the big old secret they’re been trying to hide?” said Joel.  “There must be more to it than this.”
“Maybe.  Maybe not.  All I know is we’re blocked,” said the big man. “We’re not going to find Bryan in here.  About face, Joel.”  He turned to head back down the passage they had just crawled through. “That jerk was pulling our chains.”
“Wait, Roke,” whispered Joel. “Wait.”  
“What’s up, kid?”  
“Look at this,” he said.  His heart was hammering in his chest as he pointed to something unmistakable at the end of the ledge: a couple of rappel ropes looped around two anchor bolts punched into the ledge. The two strands spilled over the edge and speared downward.
Roke strode over to the ropes and tugged on them. “Could be his,” he said.  “Still taut.  Might be attached to him.”  He looked at Joel and shook his head.  “He may be down there, boy, but he aint pulling back.”  He found it hard to say. “This doesn’t look too good.”  
Joel just kneeled there fingering the ropes.  He was sobbing and sobbing.  
Finally, Roke said: “You got to look at it this way.  His kind of caver had to know, had to look around every corner, had to see the next cavern.  This sinkhole may go down hundreds of feet.  Well, he just had to see the bottom of it.”  He looked over the edge again. 
“For a caver this really was a pretty good find.  A secret worth discovering.”
“You think that’s all it was?” said Joel. 
“Yeah, I do,” said Roke.  “Plain old caver’s curiosity.”
“It doesn’t seem like enough reason to throw it all away,” said Joel.  He stared grimly into the depths of the amphitheater. “To risk dying.”
“Well, it’s obvious nobody made him do it.  He chose this, kid.”  He glanced at Joel, not wanting to seem too callous but not wanting to get sentimental either. “It’s what cavers do.”
“What do you think went wrong?”
“Maybe his lines were too short.  They didn’t reach down far enough---so he fell.  Or maybe he just banged his head.  A lot of things.”  
“I won’t let him go, Roke.”  His voice was starting to break. “He might still be—”
“Damned unlikely,” said the big guy.  
“It’s possible, though, isn’t it?”  He glared at Roke.  “Well, isn’t it?”  
“I suppose so,” he said slowly.  “I mean like it’s a thousand to one chance, Joel.  Maybe ten thousand to one.”  
Joel sucked in a long breath.  “I’m going down to get him,” he said. 
“I wouldn’t do it.”  
“I want you to rig me up to go down.”  
Roke loomed above him, a formidable mass of humanity. 
“I could make you not go down,” he said. “Force you to come back with me until you came to your senses.  And I’d be doing you a big favor if I did.” 
But he had already decided to give in. “Okay, boy, we’ll do it.  But you have to do it my way.  It takes a whole lot of practice to get good at rappelling down—and, then, we’ve got to get you back up.  That’s even harder.  So here’s what we’ll do.  I’ll tie you to a rope and let you down by hand, and we’ll just hope.” 
“Thanks, Roke.” 
“Long as you know you might not make it.”

(SIX)
Roke pulled up the dangling pair of ropes. There was resistance at first, like there was something tied to them, but, then, the ropes seemed to let go and came up fast.  Joel hoped there’d be something attached to one of them—something personal that Bryan had tied on like his watch to tell them it was him down there---but there was nothing.  
“We’ll use a single rope,” said Roke. “Means I can make it longer.  Could be two-three hundred feet down there.  My hunch is he was too short—it happens.” 
“Help me set up, Roke.  I’ve got to get down there right away.” 
“‘On it, kid.”
Roke scrounged in his magic bag and Joel’s duffle, fished out a couple of climbing harnesses and strapped one onto Joel. Then, he attached the rope to it.  The extra harness was for Bryan in case his had gotten broken.  “I’m lucky you’re a dwarf,” he said with a thin smile.  “Yeah, and I’m lucky you’re a monster,”  Vsaid Joel.  
Roke braced himself against the rock walls of the tunnel. “Yank on the rope a couple of times when you want me to haul you back up.”  He hesitated. “Make that three times if you’ve found him;”  
“Yes, sir.” 
“Now get going---before I change my mind.  Toss me a couple more of those Milky Ways.”
Joel threw him whatever he had left in one of his pockets. Then, he stepped forward, sat down on the edge of the ledge, trying not to look down, trying not to be scared as hell though he was.  Not just scared, he thought.  More like totally terrified.  He thought of Roke’s advice: don’t give in to it.  He closed his eyes and eased himself off the rock shelf as Roke slowly paid out the rope.  He dropped downwards into the middle of formless darkness.  
A hundred feet down, he shouted: “Bryan!  Are you there?”  
Only a soft, eerie echo came back.  He slowly opened his eyes, but there was little to see.  The LED attached to his helmet didn’t penetrate very far.  He began to have a hazy awareness of steep walls all around him.  He was starting to shiver.  He was still wet.  This is the start of hypothermia, he thought.  Must be colder down here than up on the ledge.  Is he really down here?  Is he hurt?  Is he---he didn’t want to think it.  
“Hang in, man!” he shouted. “I’m coming.  I’m almost there.”  Suddenly, with a jolt he wasn’t expecting he was down.  His feet jounced hard on rock.  This gigantic sinkhole wasn’t quite as deep as they’d thought.  Still, the top of it where it punched through the earth’s surface was so far up and bright it looked like a full moon shining in a night sky.  Now he untied his harness from the rope and peered around him.  He immediately saw a dim figure hunched near him on the ground.
“Bryan,” he whispered uneasily. “It’s you---isn’t it?”  
He hurried over to him and lightly put his hand on his leg.  It felt cold right through his pants.  He peered at his face.  It was ashen pale, the eyes closed.  One cheek was really cold.  Yes, it was him.  He reached for his wrist to find a pulse. There was none.  He put his ear to his chest.  Still nothing.  If his heart was beating, it was too faint for him to detect. 
“Oh, boy, this is bad,” he said aloud.
He swept the LED around the space at the bottom of the amphitheater, looking for entrances, passages, anything that would offer an easier way out.  That’s when he saw, thought he saw the huge maw of a cave-like exit from the amphitheatre.  It was far too dark to see into it.  It might be a mile deep.  It might be only a few hundred feet or even less.  It could be an exit, but either way he’d never be able to carry or drag Bryan that far.  There was only one choice: haul him up.  
He remembered the signal system they had set up. Three yanks, he had found him.  Two yanks, bring him up.  He pulled on the rope three very deliberate times and felt Roke yank back three times.  Great.  He had understood.  Now he had to haul him over to the dangling rope.  He locked his hands together under his brother’s arms from behind and began to drag him across the crumbled rock strewn around the bottom of the shaft.  It was like hugging him as he had often done when they were kids.  He was crying again, convulsing with sobs. This time he just let the tears come, let himself cry out with grief.  
Suddenly, he saw it.  A note on a piece of paper on the ground where he’d been lying.  He could tell the writing was Bryan’s.  
Hi Joel.  I knew you’d find me.  I fell.  Not enough strength left to go back up. Tell them all I’m sorry.  I had fun, I did.  I wish it didn’t have to end.  
He stuffed it into a pocket. “Come on, Bry,” he said aloud. “We’re going up.”  There was no need to fit the extra harness onto his brother’s body.  He already had a harness on.  He just had to attach the rope to his harness.  The dead are heavy.  He remembered reading that once.  It was true.  He yanked on the rope twice and waited.
The seconds crawled by.  A minute’s worth.  Damn, didn’t Roke get it?  He wasn’t pulling Bryan up.  He was about to yank on the rope again--and, then, miraculously Bryan’s body began to lift slowly and agonizingly off the ground and into the air.  
Joel’s heart lifted with it.  He felt so full of joy as he watched it rise up as though rising up had somehow brought him back to life.  
The body went up and up and disappeared into the murk above.  
While he waited for Roke to drop the rope back down to him, he thought of the yawning mouth of the cave that seemed to lead out of the sinkhole.  Should he have a look at it?  He felt a great tug of curiosity about it—the kind of tug real cavers feel, he guessed, when they discover a mystery underground.  A mystery, perhaps, no one else has ever seen.  He found himself striding across the rocky bottom of the sinkhole.  One quick look, he figured, to see what Bryan must have seen or maybe fell before he had a chance to see it.  All the more reason for him to take a moment to see it now.  
The darkness inside the cave seemed absolute.  It gave no hint of what lay inside it or where it led.  He took a few halting steps into it and swept his lamp across its low-hanging ceiling.  It revealed very little--but suddenly it did reveal something.  Painted onto a far corner of the ceiling was a riotous jumble of red and blue images.  Snakes, huge-eyed rodents, a snarling bear, elk fleeing before a fire and a host of mysterious symbols.  It was unmistakable---Native American art.  Had to be.
So the Indians knew about the sinkhole, had known about it, perhaps, for centuries or longer.  Where did the cave lead to?  What was the meaning of the art?  Was it part of the secret that Bryan had talked about?  He was dying to find out, dying to walk further into the cave—until, far in the distance, he heard Roke’s voice.  He realized he must have tossed down the rope and now was getting worried because Joel had not responded.  He must not keep him waiting.  
In a moment he was yanking on the rope to assure him he was all right and ready to ascend.  Poor old Roke.  Now he’s got to do it again, he thought.  What an insanely powerful guy.  What if he’d been down here alone?  Bryan might have had to stay there for eons—until some future earthquake gave him a decent burial.  And his twin along with him. 
He began tying the rope to his own harness.  He had never been good at knots.  He just about knew how to tie a clove hitch and a bowline from his sailing days, but they weren’t the right knots for this caving stuff.  He’d used a bowline on Bryan.  It never failed, and it was easy to untie.  He knew that.  The trouble was you couldn’t slip the knot to make it tighter.  Well, it couldn’t be helped.  
He tugged on the rope again two times and waited.  Before long he was rising even faster than Bryan did.  He kept banging against the walls of the sinkhole as he lifted up.  Once he struck his head and began to spin.  There was no way to stop the spin.  He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach, and, then, suddenly, wonderfully, he had reached the lip of the ledge. 
“Holy Moley!  Here comes another one!” shouted Roke. “Thank God, they aren’t triplets.  Hang on, Joel, this is going to be tricky.”  He had to tie off the rope before he could reach over the ledge and pull Joel in.  It was more than tricky.  Only brute force, Roke’s kind of strength, made it possible.  He tumbled backwards as Joel came over the edge.  They sat there for a few moments just looking at each other.  
“It’s incredible. You actually did it,” said Joel. 
“Where’s the TV crew?” Roke was grinning. 
“They’re right behind me.  Pull them up!”
Then, they remembered Bryan.  He lay there on his back, his eyes still closed, with his face turned upwards.  “I suppose you’ll want to take him home now,” said Roke.
“Definitely,” said Joel.  
“Give him a proper burial,” said the big man softly.  
They carried Bryan as carefully as they could back down the passage that had gotten them to the ledge and out into the cavern that Joel had dubbed the fairytale cavern.  Shafts of light angled down from tiny fissures in the roof as they laid him down on a limestone slab.  The cavern looked almost like a cathedral now, thought Joel, with its soaring columns of sturdy stalagmites and delicate stalacmite fingers probing downward.  Here and there the light filtered through shimmering cascades of white gypsum crystals.  It was truly breathtaking, an exactly right resting place for his brother.
“The scumbag’s gone,” said Roke noting that Deeter had come to and escaped.  “Should have tied him up.  Now we’ll have to find our own way out of here.”
“I almost forgot about him,” said Joel.
“Me too, I guess,” said Roke. 
Joel read him the note that Bryan had left behind.
“Poor guy,” said Roke.  “Not a great way to go.  Well, you did what you could.”  He ran his fingers through his wild hair.  “Joel, we’ve got to get practical.  We’ve got to do some planning.  First, who knows how long these lights are going to last.  We’ll save one, turn the other one off.”  He squelched Joel’s. “Okay, now I’ve got to find a way to get us out of here fast.  Can’t go together.  Too slow.  You stay here with your brother.  I’ll make like Ulysses.  When I find an exit, I’ll come back for you.  Those three slime-balls got out of here somehow.  I’ve got to find out how they did it.”  
Joel remembered the cave with the Native-American art at the bottom of the sinkhole.  He told Roke about it.  “It probably leads to an exit,” he said.  
“Come on, Joel.  What do you want us to do?  Go back down in there and fumble our way through it?  It may not go anywhere.”  Roke was emphatic.  “We’re at risk without a way out.  We’ve got to find an exit from one of these caverns.  Real soon.  And I’m going to find it.”
Roke glanced at Joel who was dumbly staring at his brother.  “Just say yes, Roke, I’m with you all the way. You don’t have to say it.  I said it for you.  I’m off.”
It felt eerie hanging out with Bryan with Roke gone.  God, what if he rose up like Lazarus?  Joel didn’t think he could handle that—much as he would dearly love to have him back.  Well, he had stopped hoping.  He knew now he was gone.  It was time to get real.  He checked his pockets and realized they were running low on trail mix and candy bars, their precious food supply.  They needed to start rationing it, especially the good stuff like the Milky Ways that Roke was fond of--in case his big friend couldn’t find an exit.  Of course, Roke still had a supply of jerky left.  But beef jerky?  How disgusting can food get?
He looked a long time at Bryan’s shadowy face.  Just then, a bat flew by in front of him.  He barely paid attention to it.  He was used to bats after seeing them flying around the cave’s entrance, and, then, it hit him like a lightning bolt.  A bat!  That meant there was a real, live exit to the outside maybe right here in this cave or close by.
He began peering around the cavern.  Now he saw other bats hanging from the ceiling like they usually do.  Of course, the opening might be too hard to get at or too small to squeeze through, but he had heard that bats like a good-sized hole they can swarm through when they go out to feed.  It had to be in here somewhere and closer by than the escape routes Roke was checking out.  He decided he better look for it himself—to save time.  
“You okay if I leave you alone for a while?” he said to the motionless body lying on the slab in front of him.  
A shaft of light from one of the tiny crevices in the roof had moved onto Bryan’s face lighting up every detail.  On an impulse he leaned down and gave his brother a kiss on his forehead.  He hadn’t done that since childhood.  It felt good.  It said he loved the guy and always would---but there was something strange about it.  He wasn’t as cold as Joel expected him to be.  A long ways from warm, but still it was curious.  
Then, he saw something, thought he saw something, that made him think he was hallucinating.  There was a very slight flicker in Bryan’s left eyelid.  He knew muscles sometimes twitch after death—but suddenly a tremendous impulse swept over him like a flood.  He began to shout, scream, shriek Bryan’s name over and over as though he could reach across the void and yank him back to life.  
Now another voice called out almost as loudly. “What the hell’s going on?”  
It was Roke, back from his scouting foray.  He scrambled across the cavern to the place where he had left Joel and his brother.  Joel now had one finger on his lips.  
“Cheest--one minute you’re screaming like a fiend, the next minute no one’s allowed to speak.  What is it?”
Joel looked ashen and solemn.  He stared up at his friend. “I think he’s alive.” 

(SEVEN)
Roke stared back at Joel. “Are you off your nut?” he said under his breath.  He knelt down by Bryan and put his ear to his heart.  “Nothing,” he said. “You hear what I said?  Nothing. This thing is starting to get to you, boy.  I know you want your twin back, but you can’t have him.  He’s gone.  Believe me.”
Joel had his head in his hands.  He looked up suddenly and said evenly and deliberately: “Roke, I’m telling you, he’s alive.”  He ticked off what he’d noticed:  the twitching eye, the skin temperature.  
“He had advanced hypothermia,” said his big friend. “Nobody can survive what he’s been through and tell the tale.”
“Feel his skin.”  He had his hand on his brother’s stomach.  
Yes, it was cold, but it still felt less cold than anyone would expect. 
Roke placed his huge bear-like hands on Bryan’s face.  Joel could only think anyone with hands as thick-skinned as that could hardly feel anything at all.  
He grunted. “I’m not saying you’re wrong---but---I don’t know.  I just don’t know.  None of this makes much sense.”
Then, they both saw it at the same moment.  Bryan’s left eye unmistakably flickered---again.  Very slightly. 
Roke shook his head and jumped to his feet.  He was suddenly urgent. “We’ve got to get him out of here.  Get him warmed up somehow.”
Joel was smiling.  “I knew you’d come around.  You know, I saw a couple of bats flying around in here and more of them hanging off the ceiling.  Doesn’t that mean there’s an exit?  They must be getting in and out somehow.”
“Yeah, well, I heard a whole bunch of them. That means there’s a big swarming hole in one of these caverns.  We’ve just got to find it.  It’s our best chance.”
“Thank God I’ve got the cell phone,” said Joel.  “It’ll start working again as soon as we get outside.  I’ll call for a helicopter.”  
“Hey, is that the cell you said you threw across the room?”
“It’s working fine,” said Joel, but he wasn’t sure.  He had only used it once since putting it back together. “How are we going to carry him out?” 
“I have this handy chariot,” said Roke.  
“You, I suppose,” said Joel.
“You got it, kid.”
So Roke set about gingerly lifting Bryan onto his back, and they began a slow parade out of the fairy cavern into the one next door.  
“Three more caverns,” said Roke. “That’s where I heard the bats.”  
“We’ve got to hurry it up.  It’s going to be dark soon.”
“Hey, I’m dancing as fast as I can.”  Roke did a couple of half-way dance steps.  
“Look out, you big ox!” Joel ran to keep his brother from sliding off the guy’s huge back.
“Ever see that movie?” Roke asked. “Good flick.  Jill Clayburgh.  Back when I could see.”
They clambered through several more caverns without a hint of an opening to the outside world---or seeing any more bats.  It was discouraging, to say the least.  Then, Joel grabbed Roke’s sleeve and held a finger to his ear. 
“Now what?” said his big friend. “You’re holding us up.”
“What’s that sound?” asked Joel.
“It’s the wind,” said Roke. “There’s often a little wind moving around a cave.”  
“You sure it isn’t---?”
“We’ll check,” said Roke.  He carefully laid Bryan down on his back, took out a small knife and held it under his nose. “You see any fog on the blade?”  
“I guess not,” said Joel.
“What you’re hearing is the wind, boy,”
Joel didn’t want to argue about it, but the fact was there wasn’t any wind where they were. 
They hiked on and were stopped again—this time by a wondrous discovery.  And this time it was Roke who stopped.  He turned his head and sniffed. “Smell that, Joel?”  His eyebrows went up as his face broke out in that odd half-smile Joel had first seen when he tasted the Mars Bar.  “Pine trees, man. There’s a way out, and it’s in this cavern.”  
A moment later, Joel spotted bats, a couple of dozen of them straggling out of the cave through a gap behind several stalagmites.  Then, he saw the hole. “It’s big, Roke,” he said. “A bunch of old ladies holding hands could make it through there.”  
Right afterwards he whispered: “Put him down, Roke!  He’s doing it again!”  In a moment they were both leaning over Bryan’s prostrate body, ears pressed against his chest, listening and listening.  They waited, it felt, like forever.
“Yes!” screamed Joel. “Yes!”  
“It’s impossible,” said Roke, “He’s moaning.”
“And that means he’s breathing.  Roke, move it, move it.  We’ve got to get out through that hole.”
But it wasn’t going to be easy.  In fact, it brought on another near disaster. This cavern did have a spectacular gash in one wall that led to a possible exit, but it was located at the top of a high, steeply sloping mass of limestone.  They would have to get themselves and Bryan up it to get to the hole.  
“This is a job for somebody small.  You,” said Roke. “Scamper up there, boy, and see if it really goes out.”
It was far more than a scamper.  Joel scrambled and climbed and clutched at handholds that were hardly handholds at all and slowly made his way to the top of the wall.  As he clambered up, the smell of pine needles grew stronger and stronger, bringing with it an aura of blue sky and the wonderful outsideness of the world that lived on top of these crazy caves. 
“See anything?” Roke called up.
Joel did not reply right off, and, then, Roke heard him shouting at the top of his voice.  “It’s beautiful!  Gorgeous!”  He turned back a couple of steps and into catastrophe.  His foot slipped, and the next thing he knew he was tumbling down the limestone face, grabbing at anything he could to stop his fall.  He managed to do it about halfway down---but not before he had made a bloody mess of his hands.  
“Shit!” shouted Roke.  “Didn’t want this to happen.”  He set Bryan down as carefully as he could and rushed up the rock wall like an elephant-sized gazelle. He peered at Joel’s hands.  “Does it hurt bad?” he asked softly.  
“It feels great,” said Joel.  “Like an angel’s kiss. What do you think it feels like, you jerk?  Why the hell didn’t you go up this wall in the first place?”  But he could see how concerned his oversize friend was.  
“I’m sorry, kid, I’m sorry,” said Roke.  It was obvious he felt really bad about it. “We’ve got to get you tended to.  I’ll find a stream or something up there and wash you off.”  He turned his head up towards the hole that led to the outside world. “God, it sure smells lovely out there,” he said.  Joel felt a pang of sadness that his friend could not also see how lovely it was.  
Roke went back down the rocky slope for Bryan, put him on his back, clambered back up to where Joel was seated, grabbed him by the collar and practically ran up the rest of the wall.  A moment later, he was carrying both of them, into the middle of a warm, green New England summer. 
“Now, water!” he said. 
“I can get us the water,” said Joel.  “I’m not totally helpless.” 
“Just dumb-ass clumsy,” said Roke, smiling. “Listen, kiddo, I’m going to get the water.  What we need most of all is a chopper.  Get that cell phone out and start calling.  Try and reach 911.  And be sure to tell them they can’t hover and drop a line and a stretcher like they usually do.  It won’t work.”  
“Why not?”  Joel thought it sounded like a good idea.
“It’s too dangerous.  Look at those trees.  They’re too tall and close together.  We’ve got to make them a clearing.”
“How the heck do we do that?”
“Leave that to me.  We’re next to a swamp here.  Lots of saplings I can pull up.  Make the call, Joel.  Get them in here.”  He disappeared down the slope to find a stream.
He would have to reach Lois, he thought.  Let her set it up.  911 was a no no.  He didn’t want someone who didn’t know her calling to tell her the bad news about her brother.  He would have to do it.  He fished out his cell phone and gave it a withering look. “Work, dammit!” he said aloud, but he figured he couldn’t blame it if it didn’t.  He’d been pretty hard on it.  The screen was dark.  He pushed buttons.  It wouldn’t go on.  “Damn!”  He was about to scream the word again and stopped himself.  He’d forgotten.  He had turned the phone off in the cave---to save the battery because he knew it would be useless.  
Now he was dialing Lois.  Her phone rang and rang.  She did not pick up, but her voicemail finally did.  He hesitated a long moment, not knowing how much to tell her.  Maybe it would be wise not to tell her very much.  But he realized the more she knew the better she could respond.  And he’d rather she heard it from him. This was urgent, double urgent.  So he poured out a hundred details—so many the mailbox ran out of space before he had even finished explaining about Bryan.  
You’re nothing but stupid, he said to himself after hanging up.  He called back and left a second message—this time brief and sensible:
“Lois, it’s me Joel.  We found Bryan.  Me and another caver.  He may be alive.  Please get a 911 helicopter in here right away.  Plus a doctor.  He’s got hypothermia.  Oh, Lois, please hurry.  He’s dying.”  
He paused and went on:  “Forget about them dropping down a line. Too many big trees here.  It won’t work.  We’re building a clearing for the chopper.  And a fire for Bryan.  Look for the smoke.  No, I don’t have GPS.”  
He hung up and almost immediately realized he had no matches for a fire either.  None of his friends carried them any more because nobody he knew smoked.  Did Roke have some in his magic bag?  If he had a wizard’s hat in there, he must have matches.  “Lois, please, please call back,” he said inside his head. 
Roke came dog-trotting back. “You get through?”
“All I could do was leave a message,” he said. 
“Well, keep trying. I found a stream and filled up my helmet.  Rinse your hands off real good, and I’ll put some witch hazel on them.”  
“Witch hazel?” said Joel shaking his head as he rinsed off his hands in the helmet.
“Oh, I’ve got one of everything in here,” smiled Roke patting his magic bag.  “It’ll sting, Joel.  Bite your lip.”  He poured the witch hazel liberally over his hands.
Joel screamed lustily and wildly waved his hands.  Biting his lip did nothing.  It still hurt like hell so he gave up and screamed some more.  
“It’s okay, kid,” said Roke.  “No need to be brave.  Screaming helps the most.”  
Finally, the sheer awfulness of the pain began to subside.  Roke ripped up an extra T-shirt he had in the bag and wrapped and tied it around each of Joel’s two hands. “You going to thank me or do I have to beg you?”  He cuffed Joel across the top of his head.
“Thank you,” said Joel grimly.
“Now we’ve got to figure out how to warm him up.  It’s not so bad out now.  When that sun goes down, it’s going to get cold.  In these parts you can see your breath in June.  Well, almost.”
“So let’s build a fire,” said Joel. “We’ve got to make a beacon anyway.”
“Set the woods on fire, you mean.  We’ll be toastie for a short while—and, then---toast,” said Roke.  
“You do have matches?” said Joel
“One of everything like I said,” said the big guy. 
“This needs someone who can see, Roke.  Let me do the fire, collect wood and stuff.  I was a scout once.”
“How you going to do this fire?”
“Dig a shallow hole,” said Joel, “put the fire in it and stand by with dirt—in case.  Then, we lay him alongside it.  Wrap our arms around him and keep turning him over.”
“Might work.  We’ve got to try whatever.”  
So they set to work to build the fire.  They scrounged through the woods for dead branches and leaves, and, then, Joel lit it.  “Wow, it gets big fast,” said Roke, stepping back.  Joel threw a little dirt on it to calm it down, and the big man gently lifted Bryan and laid him on the ground alongside the flames.  Joel lay down next to him and hugged him close.  
“Good idea,” said Roke. “We’ll take turns.  How are your hands?”  
“Not great, not awful,” said Joel.  
“Good,” said his friend. 
Before long the day ended.  A fierce red sun scorched its way into the ridge, and almost immediately everything went dark and got chilly.  Where the hell is she? thought Joel.  He knew Lois didn’t check her cell phone all that often.  He had scolded her about it before, and, then, suddenly, like the jarring call of a nightbird the cell rang.  Joel practically threw himself at it, fumblingly pressed the call key and shouted: “Lois!”  
“God, it’s actually you,” she said.  
“Yeah, you can’t believe it, and neither can I.  How you doing?  It’s super hearing your voice.  What’s with the 911 chopper?” 
“Their copter had a breakdown yesterday.  They hope they’ll have it fixed by early tomorrow.”  
“Well, we’ll have to live with that.  And a doctor?” 
“There’s an old retired guy up here who’s coming.  He says he knows what to do.  If he comes to, don’t feed him or give him water.”
“I don’t think he’s coming to so fast--but he’s breathing.  Sort of.  Oh, Lois, this has been a roller coaster.” 
“I’ll bet,” she said.  “Make sure you give us lots of smoke!”  
“We will,” said Joel.  I’m getting off.  Got to save the battery.  You’ve been fabulous, kid!”
“Give him a kiss for me!” she yelled just before he turned off his cell.  
He was laughing as Roke asked: “You want to do that or shall I?”
“Wow, we’ve only got tomorrow morning to make that clearing,” said Joel.  “Can we do it?”  
“We damn well will,” said Roke. “Get some sleep.”
“Oh, yeah, just like that,” said Joel.  
“Well, I plan to,” said Roke.  “Anyway, it’s my turn to warm up your brother.”  He lay down next to Bryan and put his huge arms around him.  
Joel poked at the fire and fed it some more wood.  He stared at it a while, stared at the banshee flames dancing in the darkness.  “I’ll go fetch us some more wood,” he said, but he could already tell that the big guy was asleep.  He turned on his LED light.  It was starting to fade, but he figured, what the heck, we’re leaving this place tomorrow.  No need to save it.  He picked up twigs and broken branches as well as handfuls of dry leaves in the woods near their fire. 
Then, fascinated, he watched as a small deer fled by, somehow able to leap in and out of the saplings and shrubs growing in the swamp with only the moon to light its way.  But this was a doomed animal. The next thing he knew a great crashing sound encasing a huge plunging creature rushed by him.  It was snorting and breathing heavily.  He could see immediately it was a black bear, largest predator in the New Hampshire forest.  He knew they didn’t often go after deer, but at this time of year when they came out of hibernation they were ravenous and ready to eat anything. There was a final crash of sound and, then, silence.  The bear had obviously made a kill.  
Now came another sound as though a third animal was moving through the brush.  What was it?  He glimpsed a much smaller creature, low to the ground, grunting its way toward the bear and its prey.  For the first time, Joel began to feel uneasy.  The two animals sized one another up and flew at each other.  Joel suddenly realized what the second animal was.  A wolverine, a nasty predator of legendary strength that was unafraid of anything in the woods including this bear that was a whole lot bigger. 
It was fast and over quickly. The bear was trying to drag the little deer away, but the wolverine would have none of it.  Both tore at the deer--unwilling to let go.  At last to Joel’s amazement the bear gave up.  It left its hard-won prey to the wolverine and lumbered off.  
It occurred to Joel that the bear, its hunger piqued by the deer it lost, might now start seeking another meal.  He decided to beat a retreat to their fire where he set about building up the flames.  He felt sort of stupid doing it.  He’d never heard of bears making meals out of humans, but why take a chance?  He knew he would have trouble getting any sleep at all that night.  It was his turn to keep Bryan warm, but, if Roke was willing to go on sleeping there, he decided to let him. 
Roke was awake at the first sign of dawn light, and Joel told him what had happened.  His reaction was to laugh, but almost immediately he was all business.  “We’ve got to get things ready for the copter.  Got to rip up some trees and open up a clearing.” 
Joel was in immediate awe of his brute friend’s ability to pull trees up by the roots--saplings anyway--and toss them aside.  A clearing was quickly beginning to form in the marsh.  Joel for his part gathered armfuls of dead underbrush to stoke the fire.  
An hour later Roke told him to stop. “We’re going to have a forest fire here if we’re not careful.”
“What else can I do?” asked Joel.  
“We need smoke.  Maybe that wolverine didn’t eat all of that deer.”
“It’s possible.”
“You ever barbecued?”
“Of course,” said Joel. “Who hasn’t?”  
“What’s the worst part of barbecuing?”
“The smoke--if you get on the wrong side of the fire.  Okay, you want us to cook up what’s left of that deer.”  
“So smart,” said Roke.  
“But that means I’ll have to go down there and—” Joel made a sour face.  
“Come on, boy.  You getting dainty on me?  This is for Bryan.” 
 So Joel headed down the hill to where he had seen the wolverine and the bear fighting it out.  There were broken branches and bits of fur left behind on the bushes---but no deer.  He guessed the wolverine must have eaten the entire carcass.  Then, he saw a bloodied, mangled leg and haunch hidden under some leaves.  Saved for another meal, he thought.  Yuck.  He grabbed what was left and walked back to the fire.  
“I’ll just stick it on there,” he said,
“No, wait till we hear them.  Don’t want to waste it.  The clearing’s ready.  All we need is that bird.  Your sister’s all right.  She didn’t have much time to put this together.” 
Joel looked at the torn leg of the deer in his hand.  Yes, it was yuckie—but it was meat. “Hey. Roke,” he said, “How about we stick just the leg on the fire.  Save the rest of the deer to make smoke.  This has got to taste good.”
“Yeah,” said Roke with a grin. “We deserve it.”
The leg and its fat were sizzling merrily in minutes.  Roke reached in to pull it out and froze. “Something’s out there,” he whispered. “Something pretty big.”
Joel turned and saw the black bear he had seen the night before.  A great rolling hulk of an animal, it was walking along the edge of the clearing about sixty feet from them.  They could see it was afraid of the fire, but it was deeply aroused by the smell of the roasting meat.  Joel removed a burning stick from the fire and waved it threateningly at the bear.  It snarled at him without backing off.
“What’ll we do?” he whispered.
“Keep him away from Bryan, boy.  There’s not enough deer meat here to satisfy him.  He’s bound to come after us.”
“I’ve heard they don’t like loud noises,” said Joel.
“Yeah, but what do we have?  I don’t have any pots and pans in my wizard bag.  I know we can’t shout loud enough.”  
“Or run fast enough. They can run like hell.  I saw that for myself.  This is ridiculous, Roke.  We can’t end up getting wiped out by a bear.”
“Wait!  Listen!”  
Joel heard it, too—a low drone in the sky. “Please let it be them,” he said under his breath. “Please.” 
The drone came closer and closer.  Suddenly, a shadow whipped across the clearing as something big crossed in front of the sun.  Yes, it was them.  “We need smoke, boy!” shouted Roke.  “Put on the rest of the meat!  Don’t let them miss us!”  
Joel threw on the last of the deer meat and watched the smoke swirl upwards.  “Just see us, Lois,” he begged.  Now the chopper came into view far above the treetops. “He doesn’t see us,” said Joel.  “He’s going on by.”  He was devastated. 
“No!” said Roke pointing skyward. “He’s passing right over us.”  He paused, and his hand traced a loop through the air.  “Now he’s turning.  Okay, he’s coming back.”  
He really did have great ears, thought Joel.  The next thing they knew the helicopter was hovering far above them.  They could feel the wash from its propellers stirring the leaves on shrubs around them.  
“Scream!  Yell!  Wave your arms, Roke!  They can’t miss a guy like you!” 
They hadn’t missed him.  The copter began to come down into Roke’s clearing.  Joel could see the bear hesitating, staring up at the chopper, then, scuttling into the bushes, then, stopping to look back, clearly scared to death of the rotor noise.  
Joel finished the job.  He ran at the bear waving his arms and yelling his head off.  Hunger was no longer of interest to it.  It took off at a lope down the hill away from them.  
And now the chopper was settling slowly into the clearing.  The pilot turned off the rotors, and there was Lois standing in the hatchway ready to leap off.  With her was someone they did not know.  Obviously, it had to be the doctor she had mentioned on the phone.
Roke and Joel exchanged frowns.  This was not the helicopter they were expecting.  It was really small—almost like a toy compared to the ones the 911 guys usually used.  How were they going to fit everybody in?  Joel realized somebody was going to have to stay behind—maybe even two people.  Roke for sure and maybe--he felt a nervous shiver—maybe him.
He gathered his sister in for a long hug.  With a start, she saw the bloody pieces of shirt wrapped around his hands.  “Joel!  What happened to you?”  
“It’s nothing.  Couple of scratches climbing around.  My friend Roke here fixed me up.  Come and see Bryan.  Meet Roke.”  He led her and the doctor over to where his brother lay by the fire.  On the way over he had to ask her:  “Lois, why is this copter so small?”
“Couldn’t be helped, Joel.  They worked most of the night on their regular chopper.  It just wasn’t ready so I told them: ‘Go with what you have.’  This is it.”  
She stared up at Roke looming above them.  “God, he sure is big,” she whispered.  She sounded a little anxious. 
“Not to worry,” said Joel.  “He only eats candy bars.”
“Thanks for saving Bryan,” she said to him softly.
Roke gave an off-hand shrug. “It was a two-man job,” he said.
The doctor opened his medical bag and began to examine Bryan. “There’s a faint heartbeat, doctor,” said Joel, “and he’s breathing. That’s all we can tell you.”
The doctor confirmed it and expressed surprise that he was as warm as he was. “Yeah, we’ve been working on that,” said Roke.  “All night in fact.”
The doctor said he would give Bryan some emergency treatment, but they would have to take him to a hospital right away. “He’s not out of danger by any means,” he said. “This is going to be a drawn-out convalescence, I warn you.  It’s kind of a miracle he’s survived at all.” 
While Joel and the doctor talked, Roke took Lois aside. “You got to know this about your brother.  I’m talking about Joel.  He was kind of a know-nothing kid when I found him down there in Slater’s.”  He shook his head, remembering.  “Not any more.  He’s a full caver now.” 
“You were so great to look out for him,” she said. “It must have been---terrifying.”
“Yeah, now and then it was.”  He shrugged.  “Caving’s like that.”  He looked over at his young friend, “You can be proud of him, Lois.  He’s a special guy.”
She smiled.  “I am proud of him,” she said. 
Roke and Joel helped lay Bryan down inside the chopper. “Hey, Mr. Pilot,” said Joel. “You really think there’s room in this bird for him?”  He jabbed a thumb in Roke’s direction. 
The pilot shook his head. “Probably not.  What do you weigh, big guy?”
“Maybe more than the whole chopper,” said Roke chuckling.  He became serious. “You guys go on without me.  Get him to the hospital.  Make him well.  I’m going to stay.”
The pilot pointed to Joel. “I’m afraid he’ll have to stay, too.”
“No!” said Lois loudly. She was shocked.  “He can’t stay.  Look at his hands!  He needs treatment, too.”
“I’m sorry, lady.  We don’t have room.  I’ll come back for him soon as I can.”
“It’s okay, Joel.  I’ll stick with you.  Keep that bear away.”  
“Bear?”  Lois couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “What’s this about a bear?”
“We had a little encounter,” said Roke
“Yeah, there’re plenty of bears waking up around now,” said the pilot with a laugh. “Tell you what you can do instead.  Follow that stream downhill a few miles, and you’ll hit a paved road.  You can hitch your way from there into town.”
“Okay,” said Joel.  “No choice, I guess.”  He reached into the helicopter and ruffled Bryan’s hair. “You better get out of here, get him fixed up right away.”  Looking at Roke, he said: “You don’t have to come with me.  I’ll find my way out.”  He paused. “I suppose you’re going right back into that stupid cave.”
“Well, I was thinking about it.”
“You’re insane, Roke,” said Joel. “You should be taking some time off.” 
“Not right now.  I’ve got a funny feeling about that sinkhole.  I need to go down into it and look at that cave you found at the bottom of it.  My hunch says it leads to Bryan’s secret---probably the secret Deeter doesn’t want us to know about.  Maybe it can tell me what I’ve never been able to find out.”  He shrugged.  “God knows, I’ve searched every other corner of Slater’s.”
“You mean the answer to what happened to your dad,” said Joel. “I’d like to know what’s down there myself.  If your dad’s part of it, you have a right to know.” 
Roke had turned somber.  “Yeah,” he said quietly.  “I guess it’s my fate to follow this out.  No man escapes it once he’s born.”
“Homer, right?” said Joel with a laugh.  “Well, good luck, big guy.”  He grabbed Roke’s arm and gave the huge bicep a last squeeze.  “Thanks for helping me pull out Bryan. You’ve been super.  Beyond super.  Way beyond it.”  Joel handed him back his helmet and LED light and heavy jacket.  They watched Roke stuff everything into his wizard’s bag and swing it up over his shoulder. “Maybe Bryan and I’ll come back some day when he’s well.  Find you.  Help you check things out—if you’re still at it.”
“Might be.  I’ll be looking for you,” said Roke.  “Take care of him.  I sure hope he comes around.”
Joel pointed him up the hill towards the cave entrance they had found.
“I’m okay.  I’ve got it figured out.”  
He strode off toward the cave.  Just then Joel snapped his fingers as though he had just remembered one more important item.  “Say, Roke, we ate up all the trail mix and the candy bars.  No more left.  Sorry about that.”  He smiled. “But you’ve got lots more beef jerky.  Mmm yum.”
Roke turned to him. “Not all of them,” he said.  He plunged a hand into his jacket pocket and pulled out a handful of Milky Ways. “Filched them while you were asleep, kid.”  
He grinned that sly grin of his and trudged off across the swamp toward the forest.  Joel and the others watched him enter the line of trees.  Suddenly he slipped and crashed to the ground.  He got up, smiled foolishly back at them and disappeared into the trees.
“Blind as a bat,” said Joel under his breath.
“I guess he sort of is,” said Lois with a grin.  She turned to Joel from the chopper’s hatchway.  “Do you think he’ll be all right down there by himself?”  
“That guy would know how to survive on the moon, maybe even on a comet.”  He began to kick dirt onto the fire to put it out.  
“You think that secret Roke was talking about really has anything to do with his dad?”
“It might,” he said. “I wouldn’t mind getting a look at it myself.  Just to know what it is.”
Lois hesitated a long moment.  “Well, why don’t you?”  
“Huh?  How can I?  We’ve got to take care of—”
“Listen, I can take care of Bryan.  I’m going to be right alongside him all the way to the hospital.”  She smiled. “You’re not needed till he comes to and can talk. You’ve spent all this time checking out these new caves.  That’s what Bryan wanted to do.  He’s going to want to hear all about what you found out---and can still find out.”
“Well, maybe.”
“There’s no maybe about it,” she said.  “Let’s go!” she shouted at the pilot as she slammed the hatchway door shut.  Joel saw her wave through the window as the copter swung up into the air and headed skyward.
She didn’t even give me a chance to say no, he said to himself.  He waved back as the bird zoomed out of sight. 
He kicked more dirt onto what was left of their fire and set off after Roke.  The big guy would have to lend him the coverall and the helmet and the LED light all over again.  He might not be too happy about that, he thought.  Nah, he’ll probably be glad to have some company.

(EIGHT)
Roke didn’t act surprised when Joel fell in behind him as they walked toward the cave.  It was as though he had expected him to join him.  “I’ll be all right as soon as we get in there,” he said. “Caves are where I’m at.”
“Well, you’re not much good out here.  What do you think we’re going to find in that cave?”
“I have no idea—except I’ve got this feeling,” said Roke. “I’ve got to get in there.  Got to have a look.”  
“Let’s do it,” said Joel even though he strongly suspected all they might find was another dead-end tunnel through the earth.
The trek through the caves to what they had dubbed the fairy cavern was uneventful.  The fear and foreboding he had felt so vividly before were gone.  Amusement park rides were scarier than this.  He walked out on the ledge onto which Roke had hauled Bryan’s body a couple of days earlier—what had seemed to be his body.  The bolts his brother had hammered into the ledge to hold climbing ropes were still there, but the ropes were gone.  
He felt a slight return of uneasiness.  Who could have taken them?  He asked Roke about it.  
“There’re some things I didn’t tell you before,” said the big man. “We’re not the first people to find this ledge.  Those ropes weren’t your brother’s.  The bolts weren’t his either.  Somebody else put them there.  What’s more the ropes were old and frayed.  They’ve been used a lot.  I threw them away.”
“No kidding.” Joel was astonished.
“That may be why they broke under him.”
“How come we--?”  
“I used my own ropes,” said Roke. “Fact is, kid, someone’s been going back and forth into this sinkhole pretty regularly.”
Joel felt a shiver crawl down his back like a spider. “So who was it?”
“Can’t help you on that, boy.”  It was a nervous-making thought for both of them.
He proceeded to help lower Joel into the giant sinkhole.  Of course, it wasn’t anything like as fearful as it had been the first time.  Now he knew what was down there--what to expect.  When he touched bottom, he walked over to the mysterious cave entrance leading out of it, the one he had peered into before and which led into darkness.  The LED light, which Roke had given back to him, revealed again the haunting paintings of animals on the ceiling, created, perhaps, by ancient cave dwellers.
Roke had lowered himself down, too, and was also looking at the paintings. “Bryan said nothing about this stuff?” he asked.  
“I mean in his note.”
“Don’t think so.” Joel felt in his back pocket for the note.  He looked at it again, then, realized he had not examined the back of it.  
Sure enough, there was something written there, too.  Scrawled like Bryan had written it in a hurry.  
“Maybe I’m hallucinating but I swear there’s something down here.  Something moving in the darkness.  I can’t hear it but it’s there.  Be careful Bro! 
Roke read it over Joel’s shoulder and made a hooting sound like an owl. 
“Come on, Roke, get serious,” said Joel.  “If there was anything down here, you’ve just chased it off.”  
“Let’s keep moving.  I’ve got to know where this cave goes,” said his big friend.  “One thing’s for sure.  I was never in this part of Slater’s before.”  
Holding their lamps straight out in front of them, they marched into the mysterious black maw of the cave.  More of the paintings showed up sporadically on the ceiling and the walls.  Joel described some of them for Roke: a hulking black bear racing after a deer, male elks clashing while females watched, then, a strange, all-white bear.  
“Probably a polar bear,” said Joel.
“Nah, not this far south.  It’s an albino,” said Roke.  He brought his face up close to it.  “Pretty unusual.  I saw a white deer once, thought I did.  Never a bear.”  
Now the art disappeared, and the cave seemed to become intensely dark and silent.  They had gone into it at least a mile.  There was no hint when it would end.  “Don’t like this,” whispered Roke.  “Feels spooky.”  Just then, he stopped. “Stepped on something,” he said.  He leaned down to pick it up, showing it to Joel.  “What do you think it is?”
Joel told him it looked like a fragment of white bone with part of a face carved into it.  It was actually quite beautiful. 
“My dad loved to carve,” Roke said almost inaudibly. 
Suddenly, he found himself knocked to the ground, overwhelmed by a huge rope net.  He cursed loudly.  The area was abruptly lit up by a ring of lights held by shadowy figures.  Others held down the edges of the net preventing him from escaping.  One light, larger and brighter than the others, lit up the glaring face of---Deeter.  
“Thought you’d never see me again?” he rasped.  “Amateurs!  This time we’re even.”  He spat out the words. “This time we’re gonna fight my way.  Everybody equal--in the dark!  Douse those lights!” he commanded.  
The ring of lights went out one after the other.  Only his light remained.  A knife clattered onto the rock pavement in front of Joel.  
“Better take it!” shouted Roke still trapped under the net. “It’s your only chance!”
Joel reached down and picked it up—a slim, bleached-white shaft obviously made out of bone.  Now the one remaining light under Deeter’s face went out.  The cave became dark.  Joel heard an approving, drawn-out murmur from the circle of watchers.  A sudden, whip-like move from Deeter’s knife drew blood along Joel’s arm.  There was a second hum of approval from the darkness.
“Slash at him!” yelled Roke.  “It’ll keep him away from you.”
Deeter laughed loudly.  “You’ve had it, Joel.  You’re gonna die.” 
Joel heard the sharp wind made by another swipe in the dark, but he managed to step back in time.  He didn’t really want to hurt Deeter, but he had to fend him off.  He slashed wildly around him.  
“Close, close,” laughed Deeter.  “But not close enough.”
It was close enough.  Joel felt a splash on his arms of what he knew was blood.  He also knew it wasn’t his blood.  
Then came a breath-stopping, unexpected turn.  With a gargantuan effort Roke freed himself from the heavy net and flung it across the cave where it crashed against Deeter and Joel, flattening and trapping both of them.  A moment later Roke leapt onto it and wrenched the knife out of Deeter’s hand. 
“I’m going to kill you,” he hissed.  Roke spat out the words like they were knives themselves.  Joel could hear the watchers around them jabbering in panic and starting to flee.  One had relit his lamp but dropped it as he ran away.  Its light cast a pale, one-sided gleam across the net as Roke raised the knife to plunge it into Deeter.
“No!” screamed Joel.  You can’t!”  
“He tried to kill you!”
“But he didn’t.”  
Roke hesitated.  But his hesitation lasted only seconds.  “We let him off before.  He’s run out of second chances, boy.  It’s over.” 
In those few seconds of hesitation Deeter had managed to squirm free and was now racing out of the cavern.  “No, you don’t!” screamed Roke as he leapt up and ran after him.  
It took Joel a while longer to get free of the net and follow them.  Roke, he could see, was determined to destroy Deeter.  He didn’t know what he could do to stop him—but he knew he had to try.  He dashed out of the cavern and entered a second even larger cave. There he beheld a vast, breathtaking tableau, lit like the fairy cavern by dappling shafts of daylight from clefts in the ceiling.  
He instantly understood that this was the great secret he had been told about--undoubtedly the same secret Bryan had been hoping to find.  Rising in tiers before him reaching up to the roof of the cavern was an incredible, soaring sculpture formed from giant cascades of intricately carved stalagmites.  Wildly imaginative abstract forms seemed to merge and diverge into playful depictions of otherworldly beings and faces.  It was an overwhelming tour de force like nothing he had ever seen. 
On the surrounding walls was a panorama of painted animals like those he had seen at the cave’s entrance.  But here whole herds of deer and elk ambled among ancient, vanished meadows.
Deeter was clambering up this sculptured fantasy heading for what Joel guessed was some kind of exit at the top to the outside world.  Roke was not far below him.  “Roke!  Let him go!” shouted Joel.  But Roke did not hear him or want to.  It was as though he were being driven by something he could not hold back---the fate that Homer said commands us all. 
Deeter had almost reached the top of the giant cascade when it happened.  Triggered, perhaps, by the massive extra weight of Roke scrambling up the sculptured slope just below him, the vast carving began slowly to move.  Delicate filigrees of white calcite were trembling and breaking off it when suddenly the whole structure became a tremendous, roaring rush of pale, crumbling rock.  
Joel saw it catch Deeter and flip him over and over in midair as though it were some kind of ravenous cave beast.  For a moment longer he was screaming helplessly and, then—it had snatched and swallowed him.  The avalanche of broken rock slowed and rumbled to a halt, releasing a cloud of white, erasing dust and a profound silence.  
Joel stared in disbelief.  And Roke?  What had happened to him?  He was desperate to know.  He raced to the edge of the rubble and began clambering up it, calling loudly to his friend.  In a moment he found him.  He had not been engulfed like Deeter, but it was bad enough.  He was encased in debris up to his armpits.
“I can’t move, I’m trapped,” he said.  
`Joel immediately began digging at the broken rock, trying to get a grip on the huge chunks so he could toss them aside.  Most were too big for him to move.  It seemed impossibly difficult.  Every time he managed to extricate a boulder the tide of rock slid back in on his friend.  
“It’s not going to work,” said Roke. 
“I’ll go get help,” said Joel.  
“Down here?”  Roke laughed hopelessly. “Fat chance.  You see those guys run when Deeter needed them?”  He looked around him.  “This thing isn’t through moving,” he said ominously.  
“What the hell are we going to do?” said Joel, his voice becoming a wail.  
“Not much, I’m afraid.”  Roke pulled out the delicate sculpture he’d found on the floor of the cave.  “I’ve got a funny hunch my dad made this.  I can almost feel him in this place.  He probably carved this mighty panorama here, too, that I’ve gone and wrecked.  He was good enough.  I can see him doing it.  He probably did these, too.”  Roke peered around him at the gallery of paintings.  “I knew these weren’t cave paintings.  They were his paintings.”  Joel wondered how he could be so sure, but Roke seemed very sure.
“What I can’t figure out is why he chose a place like this.  It must have taken him years to do it.  He could have escaped.  Why didn’t he?”
Joel sensed that Roke was beginning to hallucinate, imagining, perhaps, what he wanted to believe.  He seemed to be sort of talking to himself.  “I guess he gave up looking for me.  Even gave up going back to live outside.  Maybe he just hoped I’d find it all.  Well, I did.”  Joel could see he was in a lot of pain.  “Here hang onto this.”  He handed Joel the carving he had found.  “A keepsake from me.” 
“What are you talking about?”  Joel was getting mad. “You sound like you’re trying to sign off.  We’re going to get you out of here, and that’s that.”
“I don’t know, Joel.  I think I’m hurt bad.  It’s just a fact.  I can feel the breakage—in my legs.  My ribs.”
Joel began to be aware that Roke’s clothes were pretty much soaked in blood. “No one can hurry us down before our time.  That’s what the poet said.  But, if a man’s hour is come, there’s no escape.”  He was having trouble breathing and talking now.
“You quoting that idiot Homer again?”
“He knew the things that were and the things that would be.”
There was an abrupt shudder in the rocks around Roke. “Get out of here, Joel.  Your time isn’t yet.  Go back to Bryan.  Make him well.  There’s an exit up there.  I can smell it.  Follow that stream to the road.”  He grabbed Joel’s shoulder and squeezed it hard.  “Be brave.  Be warriors.  Both of you.”  He waved—almost a ghost now in the rising tide of white dust, that silly half-smile of his lingering on his face.  
Joel was starting to panic.  He couldn’t just leave him--he was hurting too badly--but somehow he had to get help.  Someone, anybody, who could come down here and help him free his friend.  He began to clamber further up the broken slope.  “Hang on, big guy,” he said.  “I’m going to figure out a way to get you out.”
“There’s a time for words---”  Roke’s voice was only faintly audible as a second avalanche of shattered white rock began to tumble down.  Joel barely heard his last words. “And there’s a time for sleep.”  Roke was gone. . 
Joel refused to believe he had lost him.  He spent an hour, two hours searching and searching through the rubble--calling his name until his throat was raw and his fingers were bleeding.  Roke had vanished utterly and completely.  It was too much.  He sank down on a slab of limestone and quietly wept—sorry for his wonderful friend and sorriest of all for himself.  
He got up after a while and became aware again of the majestic sweep of wall paintings all around him.  He wondered if Roke’s dad had really painted them, wondered why Roke seemed so sure he had.  It was possible.  He was a fine painter Roke had said.  Then, he noticed something that devastated him completely—but at the same time seemed to bring his friend’s great quest to find his dad to an unequivocal end.  Down at the corner of one of the vast paintings on the wall were two figures standing together.  A tall man and what was obviously his little son.  They were holding hands. They stared at Joel---each with the same half-smile he knew so well. 
“Oh, Roke,” Joel whispered softly to himself. “You couldn’t have seen this.  How could you have?  And yet somehow you did.  You must have.”  Joel touched the head of the little boy on the wall.  “Wow, I hope so.”  He stayed a while longer and, then, with an aching heart headed for the portal that led to Bryan and the outside world.
THE END

THE RECKIE 
• ONE •
“Pretending.  He was addicted to it.  
He could pretend whenever and whatever.”
The man in the shiny blue tights stood at the edge of the cliff, his feet curling over its lip, and slowly leaned forward over the six-thousand-foot drop.  Carol stood just behind him.  It seemed like all of Switzerland was laid out below them.  It was too late now for the man to change his mind and scramble back onto the cliff.  He began to fall downward and downward as though he were being sucked into the vastness of the scenery.  The sunset light flared for a moment off his tights, and, then, he pulled the release on his parachute and coasted on the warm wind toward the glittering lakes below
Pretend you’re him,” said Mathew.  Carol leaned back hard against the chair and gripped its arms.  She looked down at the floor. “It’s terrifying,” she whispered.
“Of course, it is,” he said.  “You’ve got to let go.”  He looked over at her tense and frightened face. “Keep remembering: it’s only pretend.” 
“I know, I know.”  She relaxed a little and tried to pretend.  Now she, too, was stepping off the edge of the cliff as though she were a second skydiver--launching into the middle of nothing far above this mountain valley.  She plummeted downward faster and faster as the ground rushed up at her---until Mathew reached over and lifted off her 3-D glasses.  
Like a snuffed candle the illusion was gone.  She was back in the movie theater watching an over-size movie screen.  “You jerk,” she said.  “I was just getting into it.”
Pretending.  It was their favorite thing to do, and they were pretty good at it.  Particularly Mathew.  Maybe too good.  Sometimes she worried that some day he’d take them some place far away in their imaginations, and they wouldn’t be able to get back.  Wow, was that possible?  The idea made her nervous, but it also made pretending even more exciting.  
A lot more exciting than the tedious rehearsal for the Claremont Senior High School dance show they were doing now.  Their class had begun another run-through in the gym of the opening dance number. This time the principal, Mr. Gosling, had come by to watch.  
“My God, it’s loud,” he said.  He turned to the music teacher and smiled. “But I know that’s what they like,” he said.  He watched two girls do double backflips in front of two lines of seniors clapping and singing behind them.  The three-piece band by the piano struck an ending chord, and the rehearsal was over.  
He stepped forward clapping slowly. “You kids were great,” he said. “They’re going to love it.”  He was referring to the parents who would be coming to the show next Friday from all over the Upper West Side of Manhattan.  “That’s quite a catchy tune,” he said to the music teacher.
“Carol Pindler over there arranged if for us,” he said.  
“The one playing the piano?” said the Principal. “Carol,” he called out.  A girl with impossibly long and bright blonde hair spun around on the piano bench to face him.  She looked shy and self-conscious, not quite as knock-em-dead pretty as he expected with hair as dramatic as that---but pretty enough and obviously bright.  She got up as he walked over to congratulate her.  
“That tune’s a winner,” he said.  
“Thank you, Mr. Gosling,” she said smiling, trying to be offhand about it.  When he had turned away, she made a face at Mathew, who’d been sitting next to the piano playing the drums. 
“He’s right.  It’s great.  I didn’t know you wrote it.”
“I didn’t,” she said.
He looked surprised. “But you let him think you did.”
“Yeah, I know.”  She made another face and began scooping the music sheets off the piano. “I didn’t think he’d believe me if I told him the truth.”
“How come?”  
“It’s by Mozart.”
“Mozart? You’ve got to be kidding.  He’s that old dead guy.  He lived way long ago, right?  Couple hundred years at least.”
“So?”
“Well, how could he write stuff like that—you know, cool stuff like we play today?  I’ve listened to classical music.  It doesn’t cut it.  All those squeaky violins. There’s no rhythm to it.  It’s all diddly-diddly-diddly.”
“You mean there’re no drums.”  She was laughing at him as she began quietly to play a couple of bars on the piano of Mozart’s version of the hip dance piece they were playing a few moments ago. 
Why did she like this guy? she asked herself.  She loved music.  He loved science.  They were complete opposites.  She did like him, though.  And, then, there was his appearance.  His wiry hair stuck straight out all over his head like cotton candy, and he always wore that grubby T-shirt.  She kept asking him to wash it.  But, oh, no.  
“I like it this way---it smells like me,” he’d told her. 
“You see? That’s what I mean,” he said. “It’s too slow.  Where’s the beat?”
She sped it up and added some syncopation. 
“That’s better. “Then, a look of genuine surprise came over his face. “Hey, wait up. Isn’t that what me and the band were playing out there?” 
“Yup.” 
“It sounds so different now.  Play some more.”  She obliged with another bar of the dance piece.  
“No, I mean the old stuff,” he said.  
So she did it.  He shook his head. “It’s like I can smell the incense burning.”  He listened some more.  “It is nice in a funny kind of way—but it sounds like it’s coming out of a tomb.  Weird and weepy.”
“It’s supposed to be sad.  It’s a requiem---a song for somebody who died.  Some people say Mozart’s Requiem is one of the best things he ever wrote.  What’s really sad is he didn’t finish it.” 
“How come?”
“He didn’t make it.”
“You mean he croaked?”
“They caught all kinds of diseases in those days—and they didn’t have medicines like we have today. They gashed your arm and drained off your blood.  Dad says they thought that brought the fever down.  A lot of times it killed them.  It probably killed Mozart.”
“That’s crazy. Today he could’ve gotten a shot.  Cure it like--.” 
He snapped his fingers. 
“Pretty likely.”  
Then, maybe he could’ve finished his Reckie.  Play it again.”
“Don’t call it that.  You’re making it sound hokey.  Undignified.  This guy had class.”
“Come on, I’ll bet he wasn’t so dignified.”  He sat down next to her on the piano bench while she played the theme from the Requiem more slowly.
“I like it better speeded up---but it’s not so bad slow,” he said. 
“Poor SOB, one shot in his butt, and he could’ve signed off on it.” 
“Or he could’ve popped a pill,” said Carol. 
“What a bummer.  Even I could’ve saved him.  I’ve got a bunch of antibiotics in my bathroom--pills I didn’t take for that strep.”
“You dummy.  You’re supposed to do the whole cycle.”  
“Well, I didn’t take any of them.  I got well anyway.  I was about to toss them out.  Poor old Motzie.  He might’ve gone on to write three hundred symphonies and a zillion croquettes.” 
“Quartets, lame brain.  Except you can’t do anything about it now.”
“Oh, I don’t know.  I could toss them into his grave.  Bring him back.”
“Are you kidding?  Anyway, no one knows where he’s buried.”
“I’ll find out.”
“How you going to do that?”
“Mental telepathy.”
“You are such a bull artist, Mathew.”
“You like me anyway.
“Like fun.”  She whacked him with a rolled up sheet of music and pushed him off the seat.  He reached out to stop himself from hitting the floor. 
“You’re lucky I like you back.”
“Yeah,” she scoffed. “I’m so lucky.  How you going to mental telepathize?  Huh? Huh?”
“Simple.  I’ve got ways.”
She wondered if he did.  She knew how addicted he was to daydreaming.  Pretending, even though he kept saying it was against physics.  He could pretend whenever and whatever.  Like he was the drummer for the Snow Men—the heart throb rock band everybody was talking about---instead of being only the drummer for the 8th grade Moonrock band at Claremont.  Or other things---like dreaming about being the lead striker for the state champion Gophers or being the first astronaut to step out on Saturn.  
She liked to pretend, too.  Pretend with him.  Pretend anything—like they were outlaws hiding in holes in trees from a sheriff’s posse in Olde England or scuba divers lassoing crocodiles in the Red Sea or skydiving over the Alps like they did at that movie---or else she’d pretend she was a dazzling virtuoso chasing Rachmaninoff up and down the keys—a composer she couldn’t begin to play yet—with the crowd jumping to its feet before she’d even finished the coda.  Mozart was about all she could play right now besides hip hop, but she could do a pretty good job on one of his sonatas.
“So how you going to do it, smartie?”  
“I’m doing it already.”  He put one hand dramatically over his eyes and tilted his head back. “I can see him standing by his bed. 
Mozart, I mean.  His wife comes in.  What’s her name?”
“Constanze.  Something like that.”
“And he’s Wolfgang, right?”  He made his voice sound high like a girl’s—as though Constanze was calling to Mozart. “Wolfgang, get back into bed.  You’re sick.”  
Then, in his normal voice: “Uh, uh, she’d call him Wolfie.  Okay, back to being Constanze:  ‘Have you finished writing that thing yet, Wolfie?  We need the money.’’’
“I guess I’m Mozart.”  She lowered her voice to sound like a guy. 
“I don’t feel like finishing it.  I’m bored with it.  Besides, we already got paid.  That guy gave us a hundred ducats.” 
“Is that all he’s going to give us?” He switched to his normal voice. “100 ducats sounds like peanuts.  He should’ve asked for more.  How much is a ducat worth?”
“I don’t know,” she said. “We’ll have to check with my dad.”  
Mathew already knew that her dad was pretty read up on music stuff, especially Mozart.  He even played the violin and was a doctor, too.
“And who’s this guy? The guy who asked me to write a requiem?”  
“Nobody knows for sure.  Dad says a man came to Mozart’s door, asked for a requiem and paid him 100 ducats for it right off.  No questions asked.  There was one hitch, though. The man’s boss wanted to make like the requiem was his piece---like he was the one who’d written it.”
“What a phony,” said Mathew.  “Anyway, he ought to pay a lot more than that if he wants everybody to lie for him.”
“Well, forget it, he never got the piece,” said Carol.  “Mozart couldn’t finish it.”
Mathew began to think about the telepathizing thing—about how they could even pretend to do it.  There were so many obstacles to overcome.  Besides, telepathy wouldn’t be enough.  They needed to find a way to physically transport themselves back to his day.  How could they possibly do it?  Seriously.  “Carol, if we really could go back, how would we even talk to him?  Mozart only spoke German, didn’t he?”  
“How about sign language?” 
“That’s too hard.  Nobody can figure out what you’re saying.  Hey, I’ve got an idea.  Remember that French movie we saw last spring?”
“Yes!  Subtitles!!  You’re brilliant, drummer boy!”  She looked dreamily off into the distance. “God, you think we could actually make this work?  Go all the way back to Mozart’s day?”
“Maybe,” he said.  “Maybe not.”  After a pause, he added:  “Mostly not.”

• TWO •
They were waiting for the music class to begin, and they were still talking about the Mozart thing—whether there might be a way to imagine themselves all the way back into the 18th century when the guy lived. The class today was essentially just another rehearsal of the dance piece for the upcoming show.  When it was over, Carol cornered Mr. Green, the music teacher, and asked him a pointed question.  
“Are they that sure Mozart didn’t finish his Requiem?  I mean maybe he hid it somewhere in a drawer---that nobody’s opened.”
“Anything’s possible Carol, but I doubt it.  The fact is there’re a lot of composers out there that didn’t finish stuff.  They upped and died too soon.  Look at Schubert.  He died before he could finish his Eighth Symphony.  We all wish he had, but what he left behind was one of the supreme things that any composer ever wrote.”  
“I guess they wrote too slowly,” said Mathew.  He had just come up to the teacher’s desk.  
“Don’t know about that.  They say Mozart was writing like crazy right up to the end.  Over 36 works in his last year---like he knew he didn’t have much time left.  It’s sad if you think about it.”
Now that the class was over, there were only a few students milling around in the room. “Good luck with the show, everybody,” he called out. “It’s going to be terrific.”  He was smiling big, big, big. 
Carol and Mathew drifted away.  “I wish he could’ve finished it,” she said. “He wanted to, Dad says.  He wishes he could’ve finished it, too.  It’s one of his absolute favorite Mozart pieces.  Mozart practiced it with some of his buddies on his last day and sang one of the parts himself.  He had no idea he was going to die.  He thought he was going to throw off this bug and, then, sit down and complete the Requiem.”
Mathew found himself feeling sorry for this Mozart character.  
Carol had said he was often wildly short of money—something he could definitely relate to.  That’s why he had to take this lousy job and let some other guy who probably couldn’t compose his way out of a Dixie cup get all the credit.  Only a composer who was desperate would agree to do that. “I’ll bet a ducat wouldn’t buy you much today,” he said.
“A popsicle and a side of fries,” she said. “A snack.” 
A lot more than he knew he was going to find in the fridge when he got home.  Just the mention of fries made his mouth water.  He’d stop and buy some on the way---if only he had some change in his pocket, which he didn’t.  Snacks in the fridge when there were any, he knew, were always for Clem and Susie, his younger brother and sister.  
“How was school?” asked his mom as he pushed through the door. 
“Okay, I guess.”  He remembered something.  “Are you going to make it to our show, Mom?”
She pursed her lips a moment. “I think so.  I have to clean Mrs. Daley’s house.  I’m hoping she’ll let me put it off a day.”
He really wanted her to be there.  Usually she had to miss most of the other school stuff.  Teacher meetings.  PTA.  She just couldn’t spare the time.  This show was going to be good.  He didn’t want her to miss it.  
He found a cookie his brother and sister had missed.  It was such a drag being so strapped all the time.  Come summer, he’d get a job at the gas station—on the Q.T., of course, because of his age.  It would help them.  The dad of a friend of his owned the station and knew they needed the dough.  He might even make enough for some pocket money for himself.  
“Carol’s going to visit her aunt in Michigan,” he said.  “In July.” 
“Still hanging out with that girl?” she asked.  He knew she wasn’t sure how she felt about Carol.  Her folks had money--a lot more than they were ever going to see.  She didn’t have to work over summer vacations.  Her clothes were too stylish by half for a kid her age.  She had the wrong values, his mom said.  She didn’t know what real life was like.  
“All right, I know you like her, but you told me she pays for everything.”  His mom started folding some T-shirts.  “Her dad’s a doctor, a big shot.  It’s no skin off him letting her pay for the movies you two go to.”  She paused. “He probably doesn’t know about your dad.”
His dad, of course, was in prison.  He was caught stealing at work so he got a year, and it sort of reflected on all of them in the family.  He realized that.  Carol knew it, too, but she was great about it.  She never said anything about it ever.
“We haven’t been over there in a month.  Can you go this Saturday?” his mom asked.  “It’s not right, not seeing him.”
He didn’t want to—he had a soccer practice—but he said quickly that he would.  He looked at the half-finished cookie he’d been nibbling at.  “I should bring him something.”  
“I’ve got a few bananas,” she said.  “He likes them.”  She started folding some blue jeans.
“We can’t hide a saw in a banana, Mom.” 
It made her laugh. “Just don’t make his mistakes, Mathew.”  
“You keep telling me that,” he said, but he knew it worried her. “It’s okay, mom.”  He smiled. “I’m going to be a high-powered lawyer, a headliner.  We’ll be rolling in it.”
They’d had this conversation before. “That’s my boy,” she said.  She patted a slap on his cheek.  
What he wasn’t saying was he’d much rather become a famous scientist like Crick or Watson, the DNA guys, win a Nobel and walk away with a million bucks.  The only problem with that was you often had to wait half a lifetime for the payoff.  At least that’s what his science teacher had told them in class. 
His dad was getting fat.  Prison food wasn’t all that bad, he said, but it was greasy and had too many calories.  He really missed his mom’s cooking.  He looked really pale, being indoors so much.  It was weird visiting him, something they tried to do every couple of weeks or so, either all of them together or sometimes just him—like today.  It was a long bus ride.  As they got closer to the place, the only people left on the bus were the other folks visiting the prison.  They were very quiet---and sad.  
It almost felt like he was the one doing time. The place had these humongous high walls and towers at the corners with guards looking out.  The guards never talked to you.  They frisked you, passed you through a couple of locked doors, up an elevator and, then, into a room with a dozen booths with closed doors. You went into one and sat down in the one chair.  If his mom came along, he stood.  A guard took the bananas from him to give to his dad later.  Mathew knew what his dad really missed was his mom’s cooking—but bananas would have to do for now. 
There was a big plexiglass window that looked into another booth, the prisoner’s booth.  His dad came in there and sat down.  He was accompanied by a guard with a holster and a revolver sticking out of it, who, then, stayed around the whole time.  He tried to look like he wasn’t listening in, but he probably was.  Prison rules said the visit could only last half an hour.  Two hours on the bus and he could only stay half an hour?  It wasn’t fair. They both stared at each other for a long moment.  Finally, his dad smiled.  
It felt so strange.  How could they do this to his dad?  Who gave them the right?  Mathew held up a pretend banana, pretended to peel it and eat it and pointed at the guard with his thumb.  His dad understood.  They both laughed.  Now he remembered there was a mike.  He picked it up and pressed the button that would allow his dad to hear his voice.  
“How you doing, Dad?”  He knew he didn’t sound natural—more like husky. “Man, this is so awful, this place,” he said.  
“I’m used to it,” said his dad.  ““Sort of.  Five more months and I’m out of here.  I’ll make it.  How are the kids—and your mom?”  
“Everybody’s fine.”
“Your mom making the rent?”  
“So far.  I’ll be working at the station this summer.”
“Good boy.”  His dad looked at him hard.  “Mom says you’re doing fine in school—but you daydream.  Got to get practical, kid.  Stop pretending so much.”
“Yeah, yeah.”  
“There’s no magic out there—except what lawyers do. That’s why I got sent down for only a year. That guy was fabulous.”  
“I know, Dad.  You want me to be a lawyer.” 
“Either that or join the circus.  They’re into magic, too.”
Mathew hoped he was just joking.

• THREE •
“So what do you think, Carol?” said Mathew. “How much is a ducat worth?”
“I just don’t know,” she said. “We can ask Dad.  He has visiting hours today.”
Her dad was a GP and conducted his practice out of a wing of their house.  GP, she knew, meant “general practitioner”--a doctor who does everything.  And, if he can’t handle it himself, he keeps a list of who to send you to.
Now they were standing in the yard outside her house on Tupelo Street.  It was two stories high and painted a pale blue. “It used to be bluer,” she said, “but it’s been rained on a lot.”
“Which is your room?” he asked. 
“It’s behind that window up there,” she said. “Dad’s office is just below me.  He says he feels like the President does in the White House.”  Mathew was puzzled. “They both live over the store.”
He thought about that one and laughed.  “I never saw it that way before.”  
Carol looked at him appraisingly. “You should become a doctor, Mat.  You like sciencey stuff.”
“You’ve got to be a brain.”
“You aren’t as stupid as I keep saying.”  
“Gee, thanks.  Do you think he has time to talk to us?” 
“He told me once: I always have time for you, Carol.” 
“I guess he likes you.”
“Now and then he does.”
“Come on, girl, I’ll bet he actually loves you.”  He already knew that Carol had a real thing for her dad.  She thought he was the neatest dad there ever was.  
“Maybe,” she said, “when he isn’t chewing me out.”
Mathew turned silent for a while.  Carol guessed he was thinking about his own dad who left them when he was little and, then, years later came back.  And now he was doing time.  He didn’t know what it was like to be loved full-time by a dad---having a dad who cared enough about him to chew him out.  He might actually like being chewed out, she thought.  She knew he missed having him to grow up with.  But she also knew it was a subject to stay away from.  It was something he just didn’t like talking about.  Meantime, his mom had a tough time making the rent.
They waited to see him in the waiting room.  There was one patient ahead of them. “Paying customer,” said Mathew. “We’ll have to hang out.”  He looked at a fan magazine and tossed it aside. “It’s February last year.”  
“All doctors’ offices are like that,” she said. “They also have exactly the magazines you don’t want to read.”
“That way nobody steals them,” said Mathew grinning.  
Suddenly, her dad was there.  He looked trim and neat in his white coat with the stethoscope around his neck.  Mathew had often wondered what it was like to be a doctor.  Maybe Carol was right.  He ought to become one some day.  Forget about being a scientist or a lawyer.  Everyone talking to you all the time in that you’re-the-expert-I’m-the-dumbie tone of voice.  Not bad, all that respect laid on you every day.  Plus all that money.  
He’d spent a small pile on the waiting room.  Really comfy chairs to sit in all around the room.  Carol called them “go-to-sleep chairs.”  Big widescreen TV.  Big windows that looked out on a tree-lined street.  Pretty nice.
He’d walked out to see them. “What’s up, Carol?” he asked and gave her an I’m-thinking-of-something-else kiss on the top of her head. “This won’t take long, will it?  I’m kind of busy.”  He smiled at Mathew. “Who’s your friend?”
“It’s Mathew, Dad.  Remember?  You met him at our party last fall.  He plays drums in the band.”  
He nodded vaguely and, smiling again, shook hands with Mathew—but it was obvious he did not remember.
Carol took in a breath and asked their big money question.  “How much is a ducat in our money today?” 
“That was the money Mozart used.  Why do you want to know?”
He gave them a dark look that said: they brought me out here just to ask me that?  Carol realized they didn’t have much of a reason for asking.  She began to feel silly for bothering him during his business hours.  
But Mathew was totally certain why they wanted to know. “We’re on our way to see him,” he said unsmilingly. “We might need some ducats on the trip.”
Carol’s dad looked at him for a long beat, wondering if he could be even half-way serious.  But he had to admit it made him curious so he decided to play along. “I’m trying not to smile,” he said. “Carol does love to pretend.  I know that.  I guess you do, too.  Well, I happen to know the answer to your question. One ducat was equal to about $4.40 in today’s money.  I figured it out once.  Of course, they’re worth a great deal more now.  That’s because they’re extinct.  Collectors pay big bucks for them.”
“So how much does that mean he made off the Requiem, Dad?”
“Not much.  Less than five hundred bucks.” 
“I’ll make more than that baby-sitting this summer,” she said. “How could they pay him so little?  He was a genius.”  She was shocked.
“They promised him more,” said her dad.  “But, of course, he never got it because he didn’t finish the thing.”
Everyone was silent for a moment. “How do you plan to get there?” he said, getting curious again about what exactly they were up to.  
“We’re not sure yet,” said Carol hesitantly, “but we’re working on it.  Mathew’s good at this.  He’s got a couple of ideas.”
“I’d like to hear them,” said her dad.
“Well, I was reading that something that happened on earth long ago happens all over again if you go far enough out in space and look back.  It’s like you’re on Planet X and watching the light waves of a movie that took 200 years to get there.  We could actually watch this guy composing a concerto.”
“Well, not quite,” said her dad. “Those light waves get really scattered out in space.  You won’t get a nicely focused picture---but I like your idea.  You’ve also got to figure out how to get out there.”  He chuckled.  “Sounds like a lot of time travel.”
“It won’t be easy,” said Mathew 
“Just keep us informed, Carol,” her dad said. “Your mom and I like to know where you are.”  He looked at them and shook his head slowly.  Might as well turn this into an educational exercise, he thought to himself.  “You should read up on Mozart before you drop in on him.  He’ll think better of you if you know something about his music and the time in which he lived.  I’ve got some new books about him you can borrow.  Some old ones, too---in my library. “
“Right,” said Mathew. “Got to do that.”  Trying to sound like maybe they’d done some research already, he added: “Carol says on his last day he was rehearsing something important with a bunch of his friends.”
“It was the Requiem,” her Dad said with an indulgent smile.  
“Yeah, that was it.”  
“Who were they—the other musicians?” she asked.  “We should know their names---in case.  Well, you never know.”
“I’d have to look it up again to be sure.  I know one of them was his brother-in-law.  Another was Benedict Schack, who had a big rep as an opera singer.  He sang the lead in one of Mozart’s operas.”  He looked at them quizzically. “Why exactly do you need to know all this detail?”
Without hesitation, Mathew said: “Because we’re going to drop in on their rehearsal.  Right, Carol?” 
Her dad raised his eyebrows. “So you actually want to be there.  It’s not just you watching from outer space.”  
“Yeah, Dad.”  She hesitated before saying what they really had in mind. “We want to get him to finish the Requiem.” Then, she added:  “We want to bring you a copy.”
Her dad seemed almost to crumple for a moment. “Oh, Carol, that would be the greatest present anyone ever gave me.”  He shook his head. ‘You know how I feel about Mozart.  The Requiem’s super even unfinished.  Some people think it’s best thing he ever wrote.  Imagine how super super it’d be if he’d actually completed it.”  He thought about it. “Now you’ve got me daydreaming, too.”  Suddenly he frowned. “Hey, you two.  You know what tomorrow is?  It’s December 5th, the day he died!  If you’re going to get to him, it better be soon.  That was the last day he worked on the Requiem.”
Carol and Mathew looked at each other and sagged a little. “You mean he died the next day?” said Carol.
Dr. Pindler nodded.  Just then a nurse showed up and told him a patient was waiting for him.  It meant he had to leave them.
“See you for dinner, honey,” he said, a small smile playing around his mouth. “Nice talking to you, Mathew. Sort of fun pretending, isn’t it?  Tell him hello---if you meet up with him.”  A big smile now.  “I’d like to meet him myself.  He’s an absolute giant.”
He started to leave, then, stopped.  “By the way, someone gave me a couple of free tickets to that Woodfield Fair.  I took you last year, remember?” 
“And lots of other times when I was a kid.  I love that thing,” she said. “Thanks, Dad.”
“It’s full of strange folks and a lot of magical thinking.  Good place to research time travel,” he said with a laugh. 

• FOUR • 
They were standing around the fruit juice machine outside the school cafeteria.  The next class was in five minutes. 
“What do you see in him, Carol?” said the one in pink. 
“He’s scruffy and yucky,” said the tall one with long brown hair.
Carol shrugged.  She’d heard this kind of talk before. 
“I mean really. You’ve got some class, girl. You don’t need this guy.”  She shook her shiny brown curls as though she were shivering with disgust.  
“You know something, Junie?”  Carol put on a profound earnestness as though she were about to convey a stupendous piece of information.  “It’s none of your goddam business.”  She walked away.  They were a little taken aback, and, then, the two of them had a mutual fit of the giggles. 
The school had a machine shop if you could call it that.  In one corner of it a couple of kids were trying to build a home-made car.  A flivver, the supervisor called it.  It was a very old-timey word, and he always smiled when he said it.  The thing still wouldn’t run, but they worked on it almost every day.  Somebody else who was in there almost every day, too, was Mathew.  He was trying to bring an old bike back to life—not too successfully, but he was a lot further along than the flivver guys.  
“Look at this, Carol,” he called out as she walked by.  He wobbled it across the shop, grabbed at an overhead wire and came to a stop.  “No brakes yet,” he said.  
She shook her head.  “Goof,” she said. “I thought you were saving for a new one.”  
“I am.  But this one’s pretty good fun.”  
She also knew he’d be a very long time getting the money together to buy a new one.  “Are you taking me to the Fair today?” she asked.  
“No!” he said emphatically.  
She seemed to shrivel a bit. ‘‘You promised!” 
“Can’t.  I’m racing my Formula One at the Arena.” 
Her expression changed dramatically. “You total jerk!  You’re taking me to the Fair!”  She knew she should be used to his lying by now, but he still managed to fool her sometimes.  She winged an oil-smeared seat cushion at him and caught him on the side of his head.  “Six p.m. Mathew Manolo--at my house.”  
“Yes, mam,” he said grinning. “I believe I can just fit you in.” 
She marched out. 
He went back to working on his bike.  One of the flivver makers came over to pick up a tool.  “She’s cool, that girl.”  
“Yeah, I suppose,” he said.  “If you like that kind of thing.”
The flivver guy looked puzzled.  “Listen, she’s way more than cool, Mat.  She’s---super.  How do you do it?  You’re such a slob.”  
Mathew glanced at him sideways and grinned. “Must be because I’m super, too.”  
“Are you kidding?  Come on, what’s your secret?  How did you get a girl like that?”  
Mathew thought about it. “I don’t bother her, Jimmy.  I know she likes me, but she doesn’t want to be—bothered.  So I don’t.”  He paused.  “I even push her away sometimes.” 
The flivver guy nodded like he was trying to understand but couldn’t really. “Well, listen, if you get tired of her—let me know.”  
“First thing, guaranteed,” said Mathew, but he didn’t mean it.  He knew she was super.  
Carol had talked her Mom into dropping them off at the Fair.  
“I’ll find a friend to drive us back,” she said.  She would, too.  Carol was pretty popular. “Have fun, dear.  You, too, Mathew.  You got money?”  
“I’ve got plenty, Mom.”  
Her mother didn’t have to ask if Mathew had any.  He never did.  That meant Carol would pay—as usual.  Which meant her parents would pay—as usual.  Her mother didn’t approve of this arrangement, but Carol liked him, and he did seem harmless enough.  A bit odd---but harmless.  At least she hoped so.
They walked into the Fair.  Carol had been to it every year as far back as she could remember so when she passed under the arch with its spangle of lights spelling out Woodfield it was like remembering all those fairs at once.  The toddler’s fear and wonder, the breathless excitement of nine years old, the cool pride of going with a boy when you were an almost teen—all rolled up together like a gaudy piñata about to burst open.  
“Isn’t it great?” she whispered.  She took his arm briefly. In front of them two rows of stalls with games and food and a galaxy of lights arrowed away from them toward the jungle of rides that anchored the far end.  Music was everywhere.  
“They just don’t get you,” she said casually.  “You’re not like them.”  She paused.  “Don’t ever be like them, Mathew.  Promise me?”  
He laughed.  “I don’t care for them either,” he said quietly.  
“That’s not enough.  Hate them!” she said biting it off. “Hate them as hard as you can,” she said.
“Woof!  Why so ferocious today?” he asked. “Come on, let’s go find a ride that’ll take us all the way to Mozart.”
They skipped down the middle of the Midway—or rather she did.  He couldn’t bring himself to skip.  Too girlish somehow so he hopped.  Near the end of the Midway they found it.  A crazy, whirligig ride with seats sticking out of it like spokes from a giant wheel.  Music was pouring out of it.  “Just in time, just in time!” shouted the Ridemaster.  He strapped them in.  He looked more like a rodeo rider than a carnie—with his cowboy hat and pasted-on smile and his pie-plate sunglasses.
“Mathew, listen.  It’s another Mozart piece.  All jazzed up.”  
“So you’re not the only thief in this town,” he said to her.  Carol grabbed the Ridemaster’s arm. “Hey, can you take us to Mozart?’ she asked eagerly.  
It seemed to stump him for a moment, but, then, he said: “Girlie, this ride’ll take you wherever. Just sit back and dream.”  
“This guy’s good,” she said.  “Okay, that’s what we’ll do!” she shouted as the ride took off on a wild whirly twirlie zoom into the air and down and up and down again---and again and again.  
“I think I’m going to throw up,” she said. 
“Not over me!” yelled Mathew.
Suddenly it jerked to a stop.  They got out, and he almost immediately lost his balance and fell down. “Oops,” he said, laughing.  
“I’ve got to pee,” said Carol, and she wobbled off to a women’s Got-to-go.  
Mathew stood by the ticket window and waited for her.  The Ridemaster came over. “She’s something else, that girl of yours.  I never heard such shrieking.”  
“Gee, was she shrieking?” Mathew said.  He had been so lost in the twirling he hadn’t even heard her.  
“Did you see your Mr. Mozart?” the guy asked.  
“Uh, no.  Were we supposed to?”
“She was looking for him.  Want another ride?  Next one’s free. It isn’t busy yet.  It’s better if we look busy.  Maybe you’ll see him this time.”
“Don’t think so,” said Mathew.  “He’s been dead a couple of hundred years.”  
“You’re kidding!  Listen, you should visit Madame Oolala over there by the hotdogs.  That’s not her real name, but I can’t pronounce it.  She says she can connect with dead people.”  
Mathew saw Carol coming back from her pee. “Thanks for the tip,” he said to the Ridemaster and went off to join her.  
“He’d never heard of Mozart,” said Mathew, “but maybe Madame Oolala has.”  He told her what the guy had said about the Madame’s special powers.  
“Yes, let’s do it,” said Carol. “There must be somebody here who can take us into the past.”  
They approached a small booth just off the main Midway. It was all enclosed and covered with painted stars and half moons.  Her name, stenciled in red on one side of it, sure wasn’t Oolala.  Carol carefully sounded it out.  “Madame Ouspenskaya from Odessa. Fortunes and Predictions.”
Madame appeared from inside the booth the minute she heard her name being pronounced.  She looked as exotic as her name.  Heavily-lined eyes peered out from a purple shawl criss-crossed with gold threads. “Not bad for someone who doesn’t speak Russian,” she said with a heavy accent.  “Do you want me to look into the future for you—or the past?” She gave them both a quick once-over.  “Well, I can see you don’t have much of a past yet.  You probably want to know what tomorrow will bring.”  
“Wait,” said Mathew.  “Can you really see into the past?”
“Of course,” she smiled.  “How far back do you want to go?”  
“Two hundred years,” he said.  
“That’s expensive.”  
“It’s all right, Mathew.  I want to see what she can see.” 
“The lady’s going to pay?”  
“Yes,” said Carol. “We need to talk to someone from way far back.”
“Who?  
“Mozart.  We need to go back to his last day.  
“That was December 5, 1791,” said Madame Oolala.  
Mathew was amazed.  How the heck did she know that? 
“Come with me,” said Madame.  She was much too plump, thought Mathew, but she must have been quite pretty once.  She led the way into her booth where she had a tiny table covered with green felt and three wooden chairs placed around it.  In the middle of the table was a small clear crystal globe.  She closed the door.  
“Have to shut out that awful racket,” she said referring to the Fairground’s music.  She turned on a different kind of sound to play inside her booth—a voice softly singing.  Carol could hardly believe it.  
“It’s Mozart!” she cried. “The Magic Flute!”  
“Of course,” said Madame. “We are very civilized here.  Please sit down.”  She waved her hand over the globe and shrugged.  “Not everyone believes in the power of the globe.  It works better for some than for others.  It might work well for you.  She became darkly serious.  You must pay in advance.  It’s twenty-five dollars.”  
Mathew was shocked at the price, but Carol thought nothing of it.  She told him afterwards she was sure it would be much more.  
Madame Oolala carefully smoothed out Carol’s bills, folded them and slipped them into the front of her dress between her ample bosoms.  Was that correct? Mathew wondered.  Was it plural or singular?  Did a woman have only one bosom?  No, it had to be two, right?  He tried not to look too hard while he searched his memory. 
“I am feeling inspired,” she said smiling at him. “What do you want to know about this Mozart?” she asked.  
“We want to travel back to his last day and get him to do something for us,” said Carol.  
“Ah, my dear, that is beyond my powers,” she said. “What’s past is past and cannot be added to or changed.  But I can look back and tell you what was happening on that day.”  Now the lady closed her eyes, leaned her head back and placed her fingers on the crystal ball.  Her voice turned strange and sing-songy.  “It is cold and snowing,” she said and paused. “He is very sick and coughs a lot.”  She paused again, whispering now.  “In a few hours he will be gone.”  
“No!” cried Carol. “No!! He mustn’t die.  He must finish the Requiem.”  
“I do not know what this Requiem is,” said Madame Oulala, “but I speak the truth.  See for yourself.”  In the middle of the crystal ball a faint image appeared as though inside a lavender fog.  It showed a pale figure in what looked like an old-time night gown bent over and coughing.  
“Mathew,” wailed Carol, “I can’t stand this. Let’s get out of here.” She rushed out of the little room.  
“Young man,” said Madame holding his arm and keeping him there a moment longer. “Your young lady is asking for something very difficult to do. Traveling back in time to change what has already happened.  But the hardest part is traveling back in time.  You need to talk to another person here at the Fair.  He has a ride---the Time Traveler.  He claims he can do that---time travel.”  She stopped and circled her forefinger around her ear.  “I warn you.  He is---very eccentric, but perhaps he can help you.  Look for him at the far edge of the Fair,”
“Thanks, Mrs.---”  Mathew didn’t know quite what to call her.  He couldn’t pronounce the Russian name on her door, but it felt idiotic calling her Oulala.  “Nice meeting you,” he mumbled and ran out of the booth to catch up with Carol.  
Finding her standing just outside, he told her what Madame Oolala had said.  “I’m sick of all this,” she said.  “I don’t want to talk to any more of these loonies.  They’re all con artists.  $25 for nothing.  No one knows how to go back in time.  No one.”
“All right, Carol, I’ll go find this time travel guy, then.  He may be onto something.  We can’t afford to wait any longer.  If we’re going to visit Mozart, it’s got to be like right now.”  He started to walk toward the far edge of the Fair where Madame Oulala had said they could find the Time Traveler ride. 
In a moment Carol followed him. “You’re right, Mathew,” she said.  “We’ve got to follow every lead we have.”  
At the edge of the Fair they found a total change of scene.  Underfoot was a vast tangle of power wires, construction debris and wet mud.  An elephant was gnawing on a bale of hay.  A couple of zebras were tethered to a tree.  Big-haired clowns with their shirts off but their makeup still on were sitting around smoking.  It didn’t have the neat, cheery, brightly-colored look of the Midway.  
They trudged through a smelly area alongside the Fair’s garbage dump, searching for a Midway-style attraction.  There didn’t seem to be any attractions at all. Then, they saw it—an old fashioned yellow and red gypsy wagon with big wooden wheels and a gaudy sign that said “Time Travel, The One and Only Original.”  One whole side of the wagon was open but curtained off like a stage.  A flight of narrow wooden steps led up to a door at one end.  A small sign on it said:  “Mr. Ishmail, Time Travel Agent Extraordinaire.”
“Come on,” said Mathew. “This must be it.”  Carol followed him half-way up the steps and waited while he knocked tentatively on the door.  After a moment it opened a crack, and a man in a tuxedo peered through it.  It had to be Mr. Ishmail.  It opened wider, and the man stepped out to greet them. 
“Howdy,” he said wearily.  Carol thought it was the most worn-out tuxedo she’d ever seen.  He had a tousle of shiny white hair sprinkled with blue sparkles---along with a white goatee.  “I didn’t think anybody at all was coming today,” he said dispiritedly.  “Of course, look where they put me.  All the way out on the edge of the action.  It’s an outrage.  I’m used to first-class treatment.  Not this.  Now, what can I do for you, my dears?”
Carol had pulled herself back together by now and spoke up. “You do time traveling?”  
“That’s what it says on the sign, don’t it?”  He stuck his two thumbs under his lapels and rocked from his heels to his toes and back. “The fact is I invented it.”  
“Can you go back to Mozart’s day?” 
“I love the 18th century.  It’s my favorite century.”  
These crazies do seem to know things, thought Mathew.  He loves Mozart’s century.  Even so he couldn’t quite believe him. “You sure you can do that, Mr. Ishmail?  That was 200 years ago.”  
“I can add and subtract, young fellah---good as you, I expect.”  
“How about giving us a demonstration?” said Carol.  
“Why is Mozart so all-fired important to you?” he asked. “Why not Andrew Lloyd Webber or who’s that other guy---Sondheim?”  
“Show biz folks,” said Carol.  “My mom would love that.  Broadway is where she’s at.  She doesn’t dig Mozart.”  
“Too bad about her,” said Mr. Ishmail.
“We want to find Mozart,” Carol said, “so we can help him finish his Requiem.”
“Ah-h-h,” said Mr. Ishmail. “His last work. That would be nice.  lt would please a lot of people.”  
“It sure would please my dad,” she said.  
“Well, come along, then,” he said. “I’ll give you a demo.  The King of Transylvania wanted one, too, so why not you?”  
He sat them down on two chairs in front of the curtain that hung along the open side of the circus wagon.  Leaving them alone for a moment, he disappeared into the wagon and, then, almost immediately stepped out through the curtain decked out in a complete change of costume.  Dressed now in a bright orange satin suit and a matching top hat, he had become in a trice a circus impresario.  His voice had changed with it—into a deep and mellow register.  
“Lady and gentleman,” he said looking straight at them, “I am about to recite for you one of the most dramatic tales you have ever heard.  The tale of Mellarosso Giannini, my beloved son who was stolen away by space fairies from our home on Mars and raised on the planet Christobina.  But not to worry.  It has a happy ending.”  
He smiled and pointed to a wooden platform they hadn’t noticed before---a hundred yards away from the circus wagon.  A spotlight came on revealing a long-haired blond boy about their age dressed all in white and posing like an angel on the platform.  Carol felt compelled to clap.  
“Why are you clapping,” whispered Mathew. “Nothing’s happened yet.  When do they start the time traveling?”  
“Wait,” said Carol. “Give them a chance.”  
Now a tall, witch-like creature in a black peaked hat joined Mr. Ishmail on the wagon’s stage.  He spoke feelingly to her. “Oh, dear Witch Lady, tell me how we can bring my beloved Mellarosso back to me.”  
“You must show the depth of your love for him,” she said.  “Show the space fairies that you love him so utterly and profoundly that they must give him back to you forthwith.”  She turned to look at Carol and Mathew.  “Perhaps, this audience will be kind enough to kneel down and help you beg for his return.”  She gestured dramatically to the angelic Mellarosso on his platform—three hundred feet away.
“This is madness,” said Mathew, but Carol pulled him down to kneel beside her.  He could feel the wet mud creeping into his pants as he knelt down.  A minute went by.  The light on the distant platform dimmed and went out, and Mellarosso disappeared.  
Seconds later, the boy miraculously materialized on the wagon’s stage under another spotlight next to Mr. Ishmaii and the witch.  “Oh, my son!” gushed Mr. Ishmail.  “How wonderful it is to see you again!”  Laughing and crying, they flung their arms around each other, turned to the audience and bowed. The demo was over. 
“That’s just plain impossible,” said Mathew. 
“It’s the exact same boy,” said Carol looking awestruck. “He went from there to here---like that.”  She snapped her fingers. “How did they do that?”  
Mr. Ishmail had now joined them.  “Very simple,” he said. “Time travel.  Now this was a free demonstration.  If you want to go all the way back to Mozart’s day, you can, but I will have to charge a fee, and yes, it will be quite expensive.  I suggest you talk to your parents about it.  I can give them a demonstration, too.  I am always here while the Fair is in town. This is a unique opportunity that may not come your way again.”  
Carol nodded eagerly. “It’s like a miracle, Mr. Ishmail.  I’ll talk to them about it tonight.”  
“Very well.  Now I must rest.”  He held a limp hand to his brow. “Time travel is so exhausting---you have no idea.”  He retreated behind the curtain.
As they walked away, Mathew couldn’t resist saying: “It’s a fake.  I know it’s a fake.  Do you believe any of this?”  
Carol paused. “Yeah, but what if it’s true?  What if he really does know how to time travel?”  
“I’ll tell you one thing for sure, Carol.  Your parents are never going to go for it.  Never---much as your dad loves Mozart.” 
“We should have found out the cost,” she said.  
“How much do you think he wants?” he asked. 
“Thousands,” she said. “I’d guess 10,000 dollars.” 
“That’s all?” He thought about it. “Nah, you’re not even close.  I’d say 50,000--minimum.”  
“But we’ve got to pay for being right next to the dump. That’s a prize location,” she said, trying to suppress a giggle. “A hundred grand definitely.”  
“With an elephant in the audience?  Clowns?  Zebras?  Come on, Carol, he wants a million.”  Now they were laughing so hard they could hardly stand up.  
Mathew went back to being serious.  “Carol, think about it.  How the hell did he do it?  How, how, how?  What if the joke’s on us?  We may have seen somebody actually time travel just now.”  
He ran both hands through his hair.  Neither of them was laughing now. “That’s what we’ve got to do, girl.  And we’ve got to do it as soon as possible.”
By the time they were back in school the next day, they had come to a wider perspective on this time travel thing.  Clearly they had been hoodwinked, they decided, but they couldn’t figure out how.  “Let’s talk to Mr. Kabala about it after class,” said Mathew.  He was the science teacher, a very boned-up, cool guy—for a teacher.  They were embarrassed having to admit having their chain pulled so often all over the Fair, but one thing they knew:  he’d be straight with them. 
“Yes, you got your chain pulled,” he said with a dry smile. “But you’re going to be surprised by my answer.  Is there such a thing as time travel?  Yes, there seems to be something very similar to it---something right here on earth in the here and now.  And no one understands it at all.  It’s one of the universe’s great mysteries, and it may stay that way for a long, long time.  Have you ever heard of quantum mechanics?”  
They both shook their heads.  
“We haven’t touched on it yet in class.  Some scientists still think it’s a crock.  It bothered the heck out of Einstein.  It didn’t fit in at all with his notions of space and time, but experimentally it does seem to exist.”
He grabbed a piece of chalk and quickly drew a squiggle on the classroom black board. 
“I’m talking about a property of very tiny objects like this electron that enables them to travel from one place to another more remote place instantly and invisibly.  It’s called tunneling.”  He erased the squiggle and redrew it several feet away on the other side of the board. “How do electrons do that?  No one really knows.  They just do it.  But it’s definitely a species of time travel.”  
“Wow,” said Carol.  
“They might learn how to control it some day,” he said, “but not in your lifetimes or mine.  We were simply born too soon.  Listen, I’ve got another class starting in a minute.  I better run.”  He grabbed his notebook and dashed from the room.  
Mathew stared after him, a look of wonderment on his face. “That’s a really amazing thing he told us,” said Mathew. “You know, I love science.  To hell with being a lawyer or a doctor.  I think I’ll be a scientist.”
“You keep changing your mind, Mathew. You’re already a clown.  I’d stick with it.”  
He threw the eraser at her and missed.  
“What do we do now?” she wailed. “Try to turn ourselves into electrons?  The fact is we’ve bombed out again.  Maybe time travel exists—but us humans can’t do it.”  

  • FIVE •
“Well, we came through with flying colors,” said Dr. Pindler. 
“What was that, George?” asked his wife. “Oh, I remember. The state was having a look at your books, you said. You must be relieved.”
“I am.  They almost always find something.  And in the end it costs money.”  He was smiling broadly.  When Carol crossed through the room he grabbed her and gave her a hug and a kiss.  
“What’s up, Dad?  You win the lottery?”  
“In a way,” he said.  “Listen, why don’t you invite Mathew over for dinner tonight?”  She looked genuinely surprised. This almost never happened.  “I mean, why not?” 
“We haven’t got much food,” said her mom.  
“It’s okay, Mom.  He’s not on the football team.  He’s not a big eater.”  
“I’m kind of impressed with him,” said her dad.  “He really knows some science.”  
“How do you mean, Dad?”  
“Remember what he was saying about looking back at Mozart composing from way out in space?”  
“Yeah, 200 years out,” said Carol.  
“I sort of brushed him off, but I’ve been thinking about it.  You could conceivably do it if you could figure out a way to gather enough of those scattered lightbeams together.  I’d be fun to talk to him about it.”
A bit later, Carol was on the phone with Mathew.  “Hey, bozo,” she said to him. “You’re invited to dinner.”
“Am I hearing this right?” said Mathew.  
“Yes,” she said.  “But there’s a hitch.  You absolutely must wear a clean shirt.  My mom insists.  You know how she is.”
“I absolutely won’t do it.”  
“Tell you what.  I’ll steal one of my dad’s shirts and slip it to you at the door.  Let you borrow it, I mean.  You will definitely give it back to him.”  
“You mean take it off at the end of dinner?”  
“You can wait till tomorrow and give it back to me at school. You will also take a shower and wear clean pants.”  
“It better be the most wonderful dinner I ever had in my whole life.”  
“You must also use a knife and fork.” 
“What a total drag,” he said, but he was smiling.  He’d only been asked over once before.  
“Talk science,” she said. “Dad enjoys that.  Tell him what Mr. Kabala said about tunneling.”
“And squeeze in Mozart somehow,” he said.
“You’ll be invited back for sure.” 
For the first few minutes dinner was a very quiet affair. The most frequently heard words were “thank you” and “please.”  Then, it started to get interesting.  “How did you make out with the time traveling at the Fair?” asked Dr. Pindler.  
“Not too well,” said Mathew. “These side-show folks made us a lot of promises—but they didn’t deliver much.”  
“There was one exception,” said Carol.  “A guy told us he was the one who’d invented time travel and, then, he gave us a demo.”  
“So what’d you think?” said Carol’s mom.  
“I figured he had to be lying”, said Carol, “but maybe he wasn’t.  What he showed us seemed really real---like it might actually be time traveling.  But we also had this feeling it was probably pretend.  We just couldn’t be sure.” 
Mathew described the white angel boy and his invisible leap from one place to another.  
“It’s a trick, that’s all it is,” said Carol’s mom.  “A simple magician’s trick.”  
“So how do you think they did it?” asked Dr. Pindler.  
“Well, don’t ask me,” she said. “I’m not a magician.”  
“Oh, mom,” said Carol. “That’s a cop-out.  Dad, you used to do magic tricks when I was little.  You know how these guys do this stuff.”  
Dr. Pindler took a quick, hard look at his wife and started in. “Yes, I was an amateur magician once, and like most magicians I belonged to a club.  The Magic Makers we called ourselves.  Yes, I know a guy in it who I’m sure can explain how it’s done.  We meet, I mean met, every month.”  
“Meet?  What’s this?” asked his wife.  She was pretty quick to catch onto the doctor using the present tense, thought Mathew. 
“Are you telling us you’re still a member?”  She looked surprised and disapproving. “George, I thought you’d given up this silliness.”  
“I don’t go often,” he said, “but, yes, I do go.  In fact, there’s a meeting tonight.”  He looked at Carol and Mathew. “Want to come?”  
“Count us in!” cried Carol. “Right, Mathew?”  
“Why not,” he said.  
Mrs. Pindler shook her head in exasperation. 
The Magic Makers met at 7 p.m. in a basement room at the local library. The place was filling up fast by the time Carol and Mathew and her dad arrived. There was going to be a featured speaker, someone who would talk about the importance of talismans. “What the heck’s that?” asked Mathew.  
“A talisman? It’s something that carries magical powers,” said Carol.  
“Good definition,” said Dr. Pindler. “Like a jewel or a hat or a document---almost anything.  I guess it’s about the only thing you two haven’t tried.”
“Can it turn us into electrons?” asked Mathew.
“I doubt it.”  He was smiling. “But you never know.  Look out now.  Here comes more magic.” 
At that moment three late arrivals hurried down the center aisle to seats near the front.  Carol might not have noticed them except that one of them, an older man with a shock of white hair turned around in his seat and slowly surveyed the audience.  “Holy cow,” she whispered. “It’s Mr. Ishmail.”  
He looked right at her, must have recognized her but acted as though he had never seen her before.  She half-smiled and tentatively waggled her fingers at him.  Still no sign of recognition.  He turned back around and said something to the two people who had come in with him.  After a moment one of them, a boy her age who was dressed all in white, turned around and stared right at her.  
“Mathew,” she whispered, “isn’t that the guy who played the angel in the time travel show?”  
Mathew looked at him. “Could be,” he said. “Why’s he staring at you?”  
Now the second person who had come in with Mr. Ishmail turned around.  He was also dressed in white.  In perfect unison the two of them smiled and waved to her, and it was instantly clear that they were identical twins. 
They turned back around, and Mathew burst out laughing.  He couldn’t help it.  “So that’s how they did it,” he said. 
“I can’t believe this,” said Carol. “How can you just sit there and laugh?” 
“The joke’s on us,” he said, “but it’s pretty funny.”  
Carol wasn’t laughing.  She was furious. “Dad, I can’t stay here with these creeps sitting right in front of us.  I’ll see you later when it’s over.”  She jumped up and bolted up the aisle to the exit.  
“I see you met Ishmail,” said Dr. Pindler, smiling.  “I guess he played his time travel trick on you---with the twins.”  
“He’s a big-time faker,” said Mathew. “He wanted to charge us major bucks to time travel to Mozart.”  
“Nah, he’s harmless,” said the doctor.  “A little batty, but it’s all a joke with him.  All he has is that twins trick.  He’s been doing it for years.  He would have come up to us after the lecture and told you he was just kidding.  He would never actually cheat you.”

• SIX •
Carol had flopped down on a chair in the lobby to wait for the lecture to be over and get a ride home with her dad.  Mathew emerged from the lecture hall and joined her.  He passed on what Dr. Pindler had told him. 
“I think we just learned a big lesson,” he said.  “Only electrons know how to time travel.”
“What do we do now?” she said sadly. “We’ve been had, and we’ve been had, and we’ve almost run out of time to help Mozart.
“Tomorrow,” she spoke in a whisper,” he’s a goner.”  She looked imploringly at Mathew.  “I want so badly to get him to finish the Reckie---now you’ve got me saying it—so I can give it to Dad.”
They moped for a while, and, then, Mathew perked up. “Hey, remember?  Your dad told us to look at his books.”  
“He does have a whole lot just on Mozart.”  
“Let’s check them out,” he said. “We might hit on something.” 
She wasn’t very enthusiastic about it.  “What are we going to do---read a thousand pages before midnight?”  She breathed a long sigh of exasperation.  “One thing we don’t want to do is figure out how to go there just to watch him---pop off.  He’s got to feel well enough to finish the Requiem.”
“Let’s at least have a look,” he said. “It’s all we’ve got left.”
Mathew thought the doctor’s library was pretty neat.  In a separate room on the top floor of their house, it was all paneled in dark wood with streaks and squiggles in it. “That’s how you know it’s rosewood,” she said. “Comes from India.  Dad ordered it specially.”  
He nodded.  Being a doctor definitely paid well.  He also thought about the simple little apartment he and his mom rented.  The wall in the kitchen still had a hole in it where his dad had kicked it in. 
“Cheest, he must have every Mozart book ever written,” he said.  As he pulled out books and riffled through them, he found one in which the pages were all yellow. “That means it’s old, right?” 
“Probably,” she said.
“Here’s a chapter on his health.”  He ran his finger down a page.  “It says they aren’t sure what made him die.  Kidney problems maybe.  Or maybe—how the heck do you pronounce this?”  He showed her the word.
Carol peered over his shoulder.  “Endo---card—itis,” she said slowly. “What the heck is that?”  
“You said he might have some medical books, too.  Better yet, I’ll bet your Dad’s got a computer.  He must have.” 
“On his desk,” she said.  They walked over to it and turned it on.  
“Good old Internet,” he said. “Spell it again. You know me--I can’t spell anything.”
“Neanderthals can’t.”  She reached over and entered “endocarditis” on the keyboard.  
“Girl humor,” he said under his breath.  
Even before she finished spelling it, Google brought up a bunch of entries. “I hate it when they second-guess you,” she said. “They find 233,000 entries in a hundredth of a second, and you’re still writing out the word ‘disease’.”
He grinned.  “Let’s check each one of them.  See if they made any mistakes.”
She tried the Wikipedia entry.  “Dad says they’re reliable enough for basic stuff,” she said.  “And they’re not selling you something all along the margins.  See, it says it’s an infection. Just what I thought.  Means you can probably cure it with antibiotics.  Yeah, it says that right here.” 
“I want to look in that book again,” said Mathew. “We need to know Mozart’s address---you know, where he was living on his last day.”
“Dad said it was somewhere in Vienna.  Mozart loved the place.  The city was full of musicians and rich guys who paid good money for music.”  He thumbed through the old book looking for a chapter about Mozart’s last day. “Wait,” yelled Carol. “I saw a picture of a house.  Flip back.”
He turned back a few pages, and they found themselves staring at an old black and white picture of a three-story house on a city street.  A horse and carriage were frozen in place as they clip- clopped by in the foreground.  
“Almost looks like a photograph,” said Mathew. 
“They didn’t have cameras in his day.”
“I know that, Carol Pindler.  How dumb do you think I am?  Don’t answer that.” 
Carol started to open her mouth.  Then, she closed it.  He did have a sense of humor about himself.  That was another thing she liked about him.
“They had to draw or paint everything,” he said.  He squinted at the words printed under the picture.  The caption said Mozart’s apartment was the one at the corner of the building on the second floor. “Looks like the name of the street was Rau—ben—stein--gasse.  Something like that,” he said. “Why are German words always so friggin’ long?”  
“I can just imagine him in there,” said Carol. “Singing away.”
Except his voice is very weak.”  She looked sadly at Mathew.  “If only we could help him.”  She paused a long moment. “I think you should go and get those antibiotics you never used.”
“Oh, come on, Carol.  This is crazy.  What are we going to do? Toss the pills up to his window?  What’s-her-name-Coshtonzel’s going to lean out and catch them?  Right there in the picture?  She’d probably think they’re some kind of rat poison.”
“That’s true.  Dad said Mozart often thought people were trying to poison him.”  But she couldn’t let go of the idea, of getting a hold of Mathew’s pills.  “Please,” she said.  “As a favor to me.  Can you just run over to your apartment and fetch your pills?  In case we figure out some way to get them to him.”  
“It’s goofy, Carol.  I mean time traveling to Mozart’s day is one thing.  Maybe we can figure out a way to do that.  But how can we give this guy a pill 200 years after he died—and make him well?”  He looked at her and realized she was being completely serious about it.  He shook his head.  Then, he could hardly believe what came out of his mouth: “Okay, I’ll do it.” he said. 
“Thanks, Mathew,” she said.
He ran down the stairs and out into the street. “Thanks for what?” he asked aloud as he jogged toward his family’s apartment. “So I’ll get her the pills.  But what’s going to happen?  Nothing.”  It was only a few blocks away so it took him just minutes to run up to his bathroom on the top floor. 
Meantime, Carol was sitting cross-legged on the floor leafing through some more Mozart books.  Her dad had one that dated back to the very beginning of the 19th century.  That was only a few years after Mozart died.  The pages were even a darker yellow than the book with the picture of the house.  She was almost afraid to open it because the pages might crumble in her hands—but her curiosity was so great she couldn’t stop herself.  She opened it---a crack.  How she loved its smell.  It was the way old books always smelled---a romantic mixture of old leather and disintegrating paper.  
And that’s when something did happen---when two pieces of paper slipped out of it into her lap.  One was a page with a short hand-written note on it.  The other looked like a page of music with musical notation all over it.  For a golden moment she talked herself into thinking it was Mozart’s handwriting.  An entry above the notes said “teneroso”.  She knew it meant “tenderly” because he had used the same word on the sonata she was learning to play. 
Then, she imagined this was the last unfinished page of his Requiem.  But how could any of that be?  Mozart died years before the book was published.  Yet here was this mysterious page of music loose inside it.  She tried to hum the notes, but she couldn’t quite do it.  She didn’t know enough to read music at sight.  She’d have to show it to her dad, see if he could play it or sing it and guess if it was part of the Requiem.  
At that moment Mathew panted into the room. “I’ve got ‘em,” he said, still out of breath. “Six pills.  I hope you’re happy now.”
“Super!” she said. “Really super.  Now—you want to be blown away?  Look at this.  I found these pages in one of Dad’s old Mozart books.”  She showed him the page of sheet music and the hand-written note that had fallen into her lap.
He looked at the music. “Is it the Reckie?” he asked. “You think that’s Mozart’s hand-writing?  What’s it doing in this book?”
“Somebody must’ve put it there.”  
“And, then, forgot it?  Forgot they had a page of music written by the almighty Mozart?  Not likely.”  He flipped the sheet of music over.  “There’s nothing on the back---only scribbles.”  He was about to flip it back.  
“Wait,” she said. “What was the name of that singer Dad said was one of the people who rehearsed this thing with Mozart?”
“Benny something,” said Mathew. “No, I remember.  It was Benedict---Benedict Schack.  Something like that.”
Carol pointed to a name inked on the upper left corner of the back of the page of sheet music.  It was almost smudged out, but Mathew began to feel a scary shiver creeping up his back.  There was no question about it.  It spelled “Schack.”
“Wow, Carol, maybe it is his handwriting,” he said.  “Mozart, I mean.  Maybe this was music he gave this guy to sing.”  
She looked at her watch.  “We’ve got about three hours, Mathew, or the Requiem will never be finished.  Any ideas?”
“Totally none.”  He thought about it.  “You know, one thing we haven’t tried is one of those talismans that guy last night was talking about.”
“Well, we don’t have a magic talisman.  Maybe I should have stayed and listened to that lecture---but I didn’t.  Somehow we’ve got to find a way to do this ourselves. We’ve got to believe we can do it---and then--just plain-- do it!” she said, almost spitting out the words. “Where’s that book, the one with the pictures?” 
She opened it up to where the pictures were all clumped in one place.  “Here’s the house on Rauben-stein-gusher.  You know, that street,” she said. “There’s his bedroom window.”  
“Hey, you know something, Carol?  Mozart’s window looks a little like your window in here.  Well, sort of.”
“No, ours has a yellow pane of glass in it.”  
He could see she was getting very determined about the time travel thing. “Mathew, focus up, please.  We have to concentrate to make this work.  Zoom in on his window,” she commanded. “Close your eyes and start pretending.  Pretend to go right through it into his house!  Pretend, Mathew!!  Pretend!  Pretend!”
“I am pretending, dammit!” he cried.  This was stupid, he thought.  It was all against physics.  Pretending was pretending.  It wasn’t real.  At least he knew the difference.  
“Wait a minute,” she said suddenly. “Let me have that page of music we found!  We need to show it to him.”  Mathew handed it over.
“What’ll I do with the other page that fell out?” he asked.
“What’s on it?  Maybe it belongs to Schack, too.”
“It’s a note—in German.  Hey, look at this.”  He showed her a familiar scribble at the bottom of the note.  
“Wow!” she said. “Mozart signed it, and, look, it’s got Schack’s name at the top.  I wonder what it says.”
“Probably telling him to bring along some lox and cream cheese.”  
“Yeah, right,” she said.  “Sometimes, Mathew, I think you don’t have a single romantic bone in you.”  Wonderingly, she fingered the “M” in Mozart’s fancy signature. “You know what I think?”  She hesitated. “We were meant to find this stuff.”  
A dreaming look came over her face.  He had seen it before when they pretended things. “Mathew, I wonder if---his signature could be a talisman.”  She placed her finger again on the composer’s curlicue signature and lightly caressed it from one end to the other. 
They began to hear distant singing—ethereal voices floating in to them across outer space.  Mathew glanced at Carol and started to giggle. This was just too corny for words.  Then, Carol realized what it was. “It’s Dad,” she said. 
At the end of the work day when the last patient had gone home, he liked to fill his office with music turned down low.  His kind of music, not the easy-listening pop he had to play for his patients all day.  His kind of music being stuff like Mozart arias.
But the singing wouldn’t go away.  A thin alto voice was humming along with a tenor and a bass.  It seemed live, not a recording.  It was gauzy and otherworldly—but it also sounded strangely real.
“Hey,” whispered Mathew. “It’s the Reckie.  I recognize it.” 
No, thought Carol, it’s not the “Requiem.”  We’re imagining it.  It’s not anything.  She looked at him uncomprehendingly as he slowly seemed to lose shape and focus, seemed to disintegrate into bubbles of light, a foam of nothingness. “Don’t!” she tried to cry out. “No, Mathew!”  But she felt unable to say anything, to move, even to feel anything.  Instead the world had become a slow-motion movie slipping downwards, ever downwards between the spiraling walls of a terrifyingly dark tunnel.  She was moving at incredible speed, and yet she was going ever faster and faster.  Yes, he’s right, it is the “Requiem,” she thought, but it was now wildly distorted and impossibly loud, and, abruptly, everything was dizziness and silence as she lost consciousness, lost any awareness of even being alive. 
And, then, there they were sprawled on the floor of a room she had never been in before.  Conscious, alive again, seeing, hearing and breathing.  Was it seconds later—or was it a thousand years?  She didn’t know, couldn’t tell.  It could have been either.  One thing she did know: the “Requiem” was still being sung, softly filling the air around them.  
“Mathew, what’s happened to us?” she asked almost inaudibly.  
“I think,” he said holding his head in his hands, “I think, Carol, we became electrons.  At least for a couple of micro-seconds.”
“We’re not in Dad’s library,” she said peering around her in wonder. 
“Definitely not,” he said.
It reminded Carol of one of the pictures in that Mozart book they’d been looking at.  A fire fussed and spat in a marble fireplace that had a huge, gold-framed mirror reaching up above it.  On a nearby wall was a portrait of a snooty man in a white wig and a red coat with a platoon of gold buttons marching down the front of it.  
And that’s when this paunchy little guy in knickers showed up.  It wasn’t clear where he’d come from.  He was just---there.  He wore funny-looking, rimless glasses and was dressed in a long black jacket, and his hair, what there was of it, was slicked straight back on both sides of his head.  You couldn’t tell how old he was, but he sure wasn’t young.  He had some jumbled sheets of music under one arm.  He said something to them in an anxious voice, and they immediately realized it wasn’t English.  
“I think it’s German,” said Carol quietly. “He’s talking German.  One of the teachers speaks it a little.”
He stared at them.  He had heard her. “You are not German,” he said in very halting English. “You are English.  I speak it quite good-- from living in London.  I have not speak it in long time.  A fine language like German--but less refined.”
“‘He speak it quite good?’  Who’s he kidding?” whispered Mathew.
The man smiled and touched Carol on the head. “Such beautiful hair,” he said. “Your clothes are strange.  You must be Josef’s children.  Born in London, yes?  Of course.  You are here to see Constanze.  The niece of Josef, I think.  I must go in.  I am late.”
Just then he caught sight of the sheet of music which Carol had been holding.  “Wie geht es Ihnen?”  He snatched it from her hand and looked at it.  He seemed shocked.  “Here is music!  I thought I lose it. The Master wrote it out for me.  Schack!  See, my name is on back.  Vielen dank!”  And before Carol could protest, he was off. 
He opened a door which Mathew noted had not been there before.  It was just a blank wall only a minute ago. The open door let out a gust of warm air and the odor of a sick room and gave them a brief glimpse of a chamber beyond.  A little man dressed in a white nightgown sat propped up in a chair.  He had a rather large nose and bulging eyes. They kept him from being particularly handsome, but he looked very sensitive as only an artist can look.  He was waving a hand and humming as two other musicians holding sheets of music stood by his chair and sang. The door closed behind Herr Schack.
Carol and Mathew stared at each other. 
“It’s Mozart,” whispered Carol—overwhelmed with awe.  She was reminded of the image they had seen in the lavender fog inside Madame Oolala’s crystal globe.  

• SEVEN •
“Nah, it can’t be Mozart,” said Mathew. “It’s impossible.”
“It is,” she said quietly and fearfully. “You know, I think we may be time travelling.”
“You really think so?” he said. “Sure smells in there.  Like no one takes a bath around here.”
“Can’t get too close to them,” said Carol. “Dad says in those days nobody brushed their teeth much either.  Not even Mozart.”
Just then, the door to the bedroom swung open again.  Herr Shack stood in the doorway and beckoned to them. “You like to listen?” he asked.  
Carol nodded emphatically.  
“Herr Mozart says it is fine for the kinder to listen.  Quiet like maus now.”
“Yes,” said Carol eagerly. “Quiet as mice.”  They sat on the floor together by the door.  She couldn’t believe what seemed to be taking place.  They really did seem to be time traveling, this really did seem to be Mozart, and he had given them permission to listen in.  It was incredible. 
But the great man did not look well, thought Mathew. His face was wrinkled and ashen.  His cheeks seemed to sink into his face.  His hair was beginning to turn gray.  Mathew felt the loose pills in his pocket.  It seemed impossible enough that they were here in the same room with this guy.  But now they had to figure out how to do the most impossible thing of all: getting him to take not just a couple of the pills but a whole shebang cycle of them. 
“Ah, Benedickt,” said Mozart shaking his head at his friend who apparently was habitually late. “Bitte seien Sie punktiich.”
“Es tut mir leid, Wolfgang,” said Herr Schack profusely apologizing. “Es tut mir leid.”
“Jetzt das Lachrymosa,” said the composer, directing them to start the rehearsal. 
Herr Schack wedged himself into a spot next to the other two musicians. There wasn’t much space for any of them in the bedroom because behind Mozart’s chair was a large bed as well as a small piano.  Mozart signaled for them to begin, and they began to sing the Lachrymosa section of the Requiem.  Mozart hummed and sang along with them. 
Not too smoothly, thought Mathew.  A bit wavery, but he was obviously not feeling great.  And anyway how many things was he supposed to be able to do?  Carol had said he was the best pianist of his day, one of the best violinists and certainly the best composer.  Was he supposed to be able to sing, too?  
He sure had a lot of energy for a sick man, or so it seemed to Mathew.  Mozart stopped them several times to make what sounded like tart comments to the musicians.  They didn’t seem to mind the tartness. They laughed and sometimes made cracks back at him.  No one laughed louder than Mozart with his infectious, giggling laugh.
Mathew was struck by how small he was—much smaller than he or Carol were.  
“We’re missing everything,” said Carol in an annoyed whisper.
“They’re making jokes.  I want to laugh, too.”
“We don’t speak German,” said Mathew. “You’ll have to guess at it.”
“I can’t.  And how’re we going to explain to him about the pills?” she said. “He doesn’t understand English.”
“Cheest, forget about it, Carol.  It’s mind-blowing enough that we’re here.”
“I won’t forget about it.  You said we could use subtitles.  Well, obviously we can’t.  I want them to speak English to us.” 
“Are you out of your head?  How about you learning to speak German?”
“What? In the next 10 seconds?” she asked in a voice that was well above a whisper.  
“Pretend!!”  Mathew practically shouted back.
“Children!  Can’t you be quiet while we sing the Requiem?”
They were horrified and thunderstruck both at once. The Master—as Herr Schack had called him---was addressing them directly in an angry voice.  Oh, my God, thought Carol.  He’s going to toss us out of here.  But what totally overwhelmed her was the realization that he had spoken to them in flawless English.  Or was it in German, which somehow, suddenly, she had understood perfectly?  
How could any of this be?  And if she replied to him, would she be talking In English or would it be in German?  But reply she must.  
Mozart was waiting for an answer.  
“Please forgive us, Herr Mozart,” she said.  “It will not happen again.”  She realized she had no way of knowing whether her words were coming out as English words or German ones.  
Mozart’s stern face relaxed into an impish smile.  He turned to Herr Schack and said:  “I like her.  She reminds me of Nannerl.  The same manner.  Except for the hair.”  
Carol remembered her dad had told her that Nannerl was Mozart’s dark-haired older sister, now married. This was the sister who had played with him at the piano at concerts in over a dozen cities all across Europe when they were children.  Their father had promoted them as musical child prodigies—which indeed they were.
“I can’t call you Nannerl,” he said, “though I’m tempted.  What is your real name?”
“Carol,” she said shyly.  
“Don’t be shy,” he said. “I am flesh and blood like anyone else. Maybe more so.”  He giggled briefly and exchanged a look with one of the musicians.  He stared at her for a long moment. “You are very pretty, Carol.  Even prettier than Nannerl.”  Another pause.  “I do like pretty girls.  Do you play the piano, too?” 
Carol felt it was almost presumptuous to say she played it to someone like Mozart—she knew she was just a beginner---but she nodded.
“You are about 15 years old.  Am I right?”
“Yes,” she said, still shy before this towering man of music.  
“Fifteen and not yet married?  Many girls like you are married off by now.”  He paused.  “Do you want to marry me?”  
Carol couldn’t help laughing out loud.  She knew he was already married.  He must have realized surely that she knew this.  
“Ah, I knew I could make you laugh,” he said gleefully. “You think I am too old for you, yes?  You think I cannot dance and run about like your friends.  I will show you.”
To Carol’s surprise and shock Mozart leapt up from his chair and began to prance around the room in his nightgown. “See?  See?  I am not dead yet.” He did a pirouette—kind of—and collapsed back into the chair, breathing heavily. 
Was this really the great and famous composer?  She could hardly believe it.  Neither could Mathew.  He seemed to have no dignity at all.  She thought of conductors at concerts she had gone to with her dad.  They were always so imposing and frowny-faced.  Leaders and commanders who drew beautiful music from the orchestral legions in front of them.  And yet they were nothing compared to Mozart.  They would all be forgotten one day, she knew, but Mozart would never be forgotten.  He would live forever.  Even if he didn’t give a hoot what anybody thought about his behavior.  
Just then, another door to the bedroom opened.  Silence descended on the room.  A small, fierce-looking woman, even smaller than Mozart, in a long, frilly house dress and a bonnet, stood in the doorway looking at the musicians and at Mozart.  She placed her hands on her hips.
“Ah, Constanze,” said Herr Schack.  “How nice to see you.  We were, uh, just going.  Am I correct, gentlemen?  We must not tax the Master any further today.”
“Of course, of course,” mumbled his fellow singers as they quickly collected their sheets of music and bustled out of the room past Constanze, nodding and smiling at Mozart’s unsmiling wife.  
When they were gone, her severe look seemed to fade, replaced with a worried one. “You must get into bed,” she said. “What you need is lots of rest.  I have called for Dr. Closset.  He wants to bleed you again—to bring down the fever.”  She seemed to notice Carol and Mathew for the first time. “Who are these children?  How did they get into the bedroom?”
“They came with Bene.”  This was a nickname he used for Herr Schack.  “He said they are English. The girl’s name is Carol and is very nice.  Very refined.  She speaks perfect German.”
Carol looked with wide eyes at Mathew.  How was this happening?  How, how, how?
“The boy I don’t know.  He must be her brother.  I am enjoying their company very much.”
“But Bene has now left,” said Constanze, clearly puzzled.  “He didn’t take them with him.”
“Let them stay, Constanze.  It pleases me.” 
“Very well---as long as it does not tire you.  I imagine Herr Schack will come for them later.  What is your name, young man?”
Mathew was afraid to speak.  What if unlike Carol he could not speak German at all?  Then, Constanze would know they were fakers or at least he was.  Why would they speak two different languages if they were brother and sister?  But he had to answer her. 
He hoped he didn’t sound as nervous as he felt and spoke one word only.  “Mathew,” he said, giving it as strong a German-like accent as he possibly could and smiling broadly afterwards.
She seemed to tilt her head and frown slightly but made no comment. “We must be very quiet,” she said. “He is terribly sick.  He needs to get well so he can finish his work.”
Mozart gave a wink at Carol. “Constanze is a wonderful wife to me,” he said. “She loves me and cares for me.  And I love her back.”  Another wink.  
Carol did not know what to make of the winks—or even what to make of Mozart, for that matter.  Was this really the man who had written all those breathtaking piano concertos and symphonies?  Was there some mistake?  Did he have a twin?  She imagined for a moment two Mozarts, one who danced around like a mad clown while the other composed like an angel and played the piano brilliantly.  Which one was the little man in front of her?  It had to be possible for there to be two Mozarts, she thought.  Look at Mr. Ishmail’s two twins.  
“Constanze, tell me, does this Carol remind you of someone?”  
His wife thought about it but could not recall anyone.
“Constanze, think!  Isn’t she Nannerl?  Spirit and image?”
His wife looked at her, pursed her lips and said reluctantly:  “A little, perhaps.  A very little.”
“Oh, I think a lot.  And imagine, Carol plays the piano, too. She will play for me and put me to sleep.  Will you do that, Carol?”
Carol knew she wasn’t that good yet.  She had only practiced the one Mozart sonata, and obviously she couldn’t play hip hop for him, not for the incomparable Mozart!  He would be appalled.  She was afraid he would be very disappointed in her playing.  He was such a perfectionist, her dad said.  She looked at Mathew and was on the verge of saying no.  
He shook his head vehemently. “Say yes!” he whispered in a panic. “If he’s asleep, maybe we can get a pill into his mouth.”  
Carol had almost forgotten about the antibiotics. This was to be Mozart’s last day.  If they were going to save him so he could finish the Requiem, she realized it had to be now. 

• EIGHT •
“Yes, yes, of course,” Carol said eagerly—but she was also scared out of her mind.  “I want to play for you, but, Herr Mozart, I’m not at all skilled yet.  I’m just starting.”
“We must all begin,” said the great man. “Even I began.  My father said I was three when I first picked out a tune on the piano.  Come, what can you play?”
“I’m learning a sonata,” she said. 
“Who is the composer?”
Carol smiled. “You are.”
“I am?  Well, then, it must be wonderful.”  He suddenly burst out laughing—that high-pitched crazy laugh that preceded his dancing around the room.  He became serious. “I like to laugh,” he said.  “I think it is good for me.  People are too serious.” 
He started to cough violently---his body shaking with the effort.  It was a sign of how sick he really was.  He recovered himself and after a silence said:  “Play for me now, Nannerl.”  He smiled. “I knew that sooner or later I was going to call you Nannerl.”  He looked away for a second or two.  “I miss her.” 
Mathew could sense how nervous, even frightened, Carol was, but she sat down and began to play one of the movements from the Mozart sonata she was learning.  She had expected him to stop her again and again and be critical, but instead he let her play on.  
At one point he leaned in to Mathew and said: “I love children.  I am a child, too.  I have always been one, Constanze says.  Sometimes I try to compose as a child would.  Do you know this?”  He started quietly to hum what Mathew recognized was the nursery rhyme tune, “Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star.”  
“You wrote that?” he asked, quite surprised.  
“Of course,” said Mozart.  He turned to Carol.  “Forgive me, Carol.  Please keep playing.”
But by now she had finished.  Mozart clapped loudly. “Smile for us, Carol.” Which she did. “The audience expects a smile.”  He paused, thinking over what comment he would make. “Your skills are not yet---polished.  I’m telling you what you know already.  But you have feeling.  Warmth.  Most important of all—”  He leaned forward from the bed and peered at her closely. “---you have taste.  Not unlike Nannerl.”  He leaned back again.  “Nannerl should not have stopped playing, but our parents had other plans for her.  A husband, a family, grandchildren for them.”  He frowned slightly. “It is a choice women must make.”  
He leaned forward again. “You, too, can become a fine pianist.  I am sure of it.”  He waggled a finger at her. “Choose to keep playing, Carol.  Do not stop.”  He closed his eyes for a few moments.  Opening them again, he said:  “When I am well, I will give you lessons.”
Carol was totally thrilled. This was Mozart talking---the absolute musical master of his age and, perhaps, of all ages—offering her piano lessons.  It was almost beyond belief.  At that moment she told herself she would practice day and night if necessary to meet his expectations.
“Play for me, Carol.  Lull me to sleep.  I feel so hot.  I am wet all over my body.  Constanze says sleep is what I need till the doctor comes.”
She began to play—as softly as she could.  Mathew got up quietly and stood beside her at the piano.  “How do you want me to give him the pills?” he asked.
She shrugged. “I don’t know.  I don’t know how we’ve done any of this, Mathew, but we’ve done it.  Maybe something else will just happen, something that will get him to take the pills.”  She winced as she fumbled a chord.  
As if on cue---at least it seemed like that when they thought about it afterwards---Mozart began quietly to snore.  And, then, as he snored more loudly, they saw him open his mouth slightly. “Carol, we’ve got to do it now!” Mathew said in a kind of shouting whisper.  
He dug into his pocket for two of the antibiotic pills and rushed over to the bed. “He has to take two pills to start the treatment,” he said. “That’s what the doctor told me to do.”  As Mozart continued to sleep, Mathew reached his hand over the illustrious man’s open mouth and let go of the pills.  
But he wasn’t quick enough.  Mozart’s mouth closed just as the pills dropped down. They bounced off his lips and slid off his face into a crease in the bedclothes.  He reached up a hand in his sleep, rubbed it across his mouth and made a loud, snorting sound---but he did not wake up.  Mathew retrieved the pills.
Carol’s heart thumped wildly against her ribs.  Should they try it again?  What if he choked on them?  How did they know he would safely swallow them?  They didn’t, but she knew it was their only chance to save him.  She made a circling motion with her hand to tell Mathew they must try it a second time.  By now she had stopped playing the piano.
But something had changed.  Mozart was no longer snoring, no longer sleeping with his mouth agape.  What could they do now?  
At that moment, Mathew had a tremendous inspiration. “Get ready with the pills,” he said urgently, putting them into her hand.  Now Carol would be the one to drop them into Mozart’s mouth.  
Mathew reached over gingerly with the thumb and forefinger of his left hand and clamped them gently around Mozart’s sizable nose.  After a moment, unable to breathe, the giant of classical music opened his mouth wide to take a gasping breath.  The two pills dropped from Carol’s hand and disappeared between his lips.  
Mozart jerked up suddenly from the bed coughing and coughing.
“Water, water!” he sputtered.  Carol was ready with a glass of it.  
“Drink it down,” she commanded.  
“Something went down my throat,” he whispered. “What was it?”
Mathew was emphatic.  “A fly,” he said.  “I saw it buzzing around.” In fact, there were a number of insects flying around Mozart’s sick room. 
“Yes,” said Carol.  Then, hesitantly: “Herr Mozart, I must tell you.  You snore—a little.”  
“I know,” he said. “Constanze has told me.  And when I snore, my mouth opens as wide as a stable door.”
“It’s true,” said Mathew.  “My father’s the same.” Though he didn’t really know for sure.  He started to smile, but Mozart wasn’t smiling.  He was laughing, and in a moment they were laughing and giggling along with him.  Laughing because he hadn’t choked to death, thank God, laughing because he hadn’t coughed the pills back up, laughing because he had swallowed them right down—the one thing that only they knew could cure him.
“You must sleep,” Carol said to Mozart.
“Yes, yes,” he said, closing his eyes. “Sleep, more sleep.”  He was already beginning to doze as though the thought of sleeping was having its own effect.  “Play, Nannerl, please,” he mumbled.  Carol did as he wished, and after he had fallen truly asleep, she, too began to doze.  The piano rumbled a long, deep chord as she lay her head down on her arms on the keys.  
Mathew sat on the floor and wondered what the heck he would do for ten or more hours, the time he had been told it took for the pills to take effect.  He didn’t feel the least bit sleepy.  One thing he did know: they must wait this out.  And what would they do if this Mozart guy woke up as sick as ever?  They had to figure out a way to get another pill into him.  A full antibiotic pill cycle meant tricking him into swallowing four more pills, each one a day apart. That’s what the doctor had told him.  Four more days!  Come on, they’d never be able to do it.  It was tough enough getting the first two pills down his throat.  
He thought about the last couple of hours and all that had happened.  It was incredible---but he had to admit something.  Maybe this Mozart was a genius, but that wasn’t his fault.  The fact is he was kind of a likable dude.  Mathew especially liked his laugh.  He had the right attitude and seemed like he was one of them.  
He could definitely get along well in the 21st century.  He wondered--if it looked like he wasn’t getting cured fast enough--could they do the really impossible and take him back with them, get him to a doctor back home and fix him up for good?
How would they do it?  For that matter how were they themselves going to get back?  He had no clear idea how they’d gotten here to begin with.  
While he mused, he felt a familiar urge.  He was hungry.  Maybe Constanze could give him something to eat.  He got up off the floor where he’d been squatting and tentatively pushed open the door she had come through.  He found himself in what had to be their kitchen.  One side of it was given over to a black elephant of a stove in which chunks of wood were fiercely burning.  Well-worn ladles and spatulas trailed down like black fingers from a bar along the top of it.  Perched on a corner of the stove was a tray of small dark goodies.  Were they, could they be chocolates? They certainly smelled like chocolates.  Did they even have such things in Mozart’s time?  He didn’t know.  
Constanze smiled when she saw him.  “I made these for Wolfgang,” she said. “He loves them.  Help yourself.”
Mathew plucked one from the tray and almost gasped as he tasted it.  It was easily the most fabulous-tasting chocolate he had ever put in his mouth. “Vienna is known for its chocolates,” she said.  “Everyone makes them.”  He could see how happy she was to have pleased him. “You English do not make chocolates. You do not know how so you must buy them from us.”  
He nodded.  A faint smile lit her face. “You are quiet,” she said, “but I see you do not miss anything.  You are listening.”  She laughed lightly. “Your sister now.  She speaks perfect German in spite of being English.  It is amazing.”  He smiled.  She looked at him closely.  “It is nice to have you two visiting us.  Wolfgang likes it, too.  We do not have many visitors.  They stay away so as not to disturb him—but the doctor is coming soon.  He will make him well.  I hope so.”  She dabbed at her eyes with her apron.  
Mathew felt bad for her, for having a sick husband she could not cure.  It made him wish all the more that the pills would work fast.  I would like to see her smile, really smile, he thought.  He didn’t mind her calling Carol his sister.  It didn’t matter really.  
“I think he works too hard,” she said.  “All night sometimes, writing his scores.  And no one pays enough.  Everyone knows he is a genius, yet no one will give him a court position or pay what is right for the serenades and the divertimentos and the concertos.  Only a hundred ducats for this Requiem, which he does not have the strength to finish.  He keeps saying it will be his own requiem.”
They were interrupted by the clatter of horses’ hooves on the street outside their house.  Clearly a carriage had pulled up to the Mozarts’ door.  A stern voice called out to a coachman to wait.  It was followed by several sharp raps with a stick on the front door.
“It is the doctor,” said Constanze, her face bright with hope. “He has come to bleed Wolfgang.  It will take away the fever.”  
Mathew felt an abrupt jolt of alarm.  He remembered what Carol’s father had said about the risk of bleeding anyone as sick as Mozart was. “Constanze, no!” he cried out.  “Don’t let them bleed him!  It’ll kill him!”  He realized suddenly he was now speaking German.
“What is this?” she said frowning, obviously surprised that this quiet boy had spoken up so suddenly. “He is the doctor, not you.  He is here to make Wolfgang well.”  
Mathew didn’t wait to argue about it.  He rushed back into Mozart’s bedroom to wake up Carol. “The doctor’s here!” he shouted.  “He wants to bleed him.  We’ve got to stop him!”  

• NINE •
Mathew found himself in the middle of an astounding scene.  Mozart was awake and talking animatedly to Carol who was sitting on the edge of the bed.  The second he saw Mathew he called out excitedly, “It’s gone. The fever’s gone!  I am well, I am well again!”  And with that he popped a whole chocolate into his mouth.  
At that moment, the bedroom door opened, and in marched a tall, heavyset man dressed in the same dark clothes the musicians had worn, but instead of sheet music he carried a small black bag.  Under one arm he had a short swagger stick which he would grasp now and then, give one of his boots a sharp double rap and, then, stab it under his arm again.  Mathew found he could hardly take his eyes off it.  It was such an odd little ritual. The doctor was followed closely by Constanze, who was telling him: “He has no appetite, no energy, Herr Closset.  He is completely listless.  I am so frightened for us.  What will I do if he does not get well?”
“His malady is serious, Frau Mozart.”  Rap, rap. “But I will do what needs to be done.  First, the fever must come down.”  
The doctor strode to Mozart’s bedside, imperiously waved aside Carol who was standing next to it and picked up the composer’s wrist to feel his pulse.  Meantime, Mozart was assuring him that he felt fine. 
“I will be the judge of that,” said the doctor.  Rap, rap.  “Stick out your tongue, Herr Mozart.” 
Carol slipped over to Mathew. “He woke up like this,” she said to him, “like he woke up talking.  He felt great, he said.” 
“Carol, we’ve got to get this freako out of here.  He’s going to bleed him.  Like your dad said, it’ll kill him.”
They could hear the doctor and Mozart talking.  It was obvious that Mozart didn’t want to be bled either. “Is this truly necessary, doctor?” he asked.  
“The bleeding will be quick. You will feel better almost immediately.”
Carol gave Mathew a panic-stricken look.  
“Make a loud noise,” he whispered to her. 
“What kind of noise?” she asked. 
“Scream!” he shouted. 
She did so—a long, wild, powerful scream that made both the doctor and Constanze spin around, thunderstruck, to see what was the matter.  In that moment Mathew dashed to the other side of the bed, grabbed the doctor’s black bag, which was sitting next to one of Mozart’s legs, and raced out of the room.  Just before the door slammed shut behind him, he heard a great roar of laughter.  It was unmistakably Mozart.
He didn’t stop running till he was out the front door. What was he going to do with this bag?  He couldn’t just throw it away--it belonged to the doctor.  He just hoped it contained the knife he used for blood letting, that it wasn’t in some coat pocket which would then make him still able to slice up Mozart.  He took a hurried look inside it and, thank goodness, found a set of surgical knives.  
Now he saw the waiting coach with its horses stamping impatiently. “Hey,” he yelled up to the coachman and threw him the bag. “Herr Doctor”, he shouted, pointing toward the house, and took off down the street.  Where to?  Not too far from the house, he thought to himself, or he would never find his way back.
In Mozart’s bedroom, the doctor was coming to the end of a loud tirade in which he said he had never been treated with such outright rudeness and disrespect in all the many years he had been practicing in Vienna.  And who was this young hooligan who had robbed him right in front of Mozart?  
Carol stood silently behind him with her head down trying to pretend that she wasn’t there.  Constanze was as mystified as anyone.  She did not argue or apologize or make excuses to the doctor.  It was beyond all understanding.  The English were known for their strangeness, but this was, well, above beyond.  The doctor could do no more.  He had no surgeon’s knife to wield or any of his other tools in his black bag.  He could only bow stiffly and leave.  Constanze saw him out.
Mozart had loved every minute of it or so he told Carol while Constanze was out of the bedroom. “That man deserved it.  He is so pompous.  To hear him talk he knows as much as God.  I feel cured--in one night.  What else can it be but the Lord’s hand?  It is not because of Herr Closset and his potions and his”---Mozart winced and made a face—”pig butcher’s knife.”  
He laughed loudly as his wife returned to his bedside.  
“I am getting up, Constanze.  No more bed for me.  I am Lazarus coming back to life.  Get me some sheet music and a pen.  I feel like composing!  A quintet is awakening in my head!”
Constanze could hardly believe what was happening to her husband, but she was too happy to question it, too glad to have him feeling himself again.  Except the quintet was not what he should be composing.
“No, Wolfgang,” she implored. “Forget the quintet.  Finish the Requiem.  Then, the patron will pay us the bonus he promised.”  
Mozart was now up and walking about the room.  “I think I do not want to let him put his name on it,” he said. “The work is mine.  It is certainly not his.” 
Constanze was following him around. “Yes, it is beneath you to serve this man’s selfish ends.  You have not done this before, and you must not do it again.  But, Wolfgang, we have terrible debts.  We must pay for this doctor, for this apartment, for clothes and food for the children---” 
There was a silence. Then, Mozart spoke again.  He sounded resigned but not too happy about it. “Very well, Constanze, I will do as you wish.”  
Carol breathed a great sigh of relief.  Maybe they would be able to bring back a finished copy to give to her father after all.  Meantime, Mozart needed to take more of Mathew’s antibiotic pills—but how on earth could they get him to do it?  She had no idea. 
Mathew had been watching the Mozart house.  He had seen the doctor leave, slamming the front door behind him.  He was angrily talking to himself and shaking his swagger stick as he got into his coach and drove off.  Presumably he found his black bag parked on a seat inside the coach.  
Now Mathew sneaked back into the house, crossed the kitchen and noticed that Constanze had not yet put away the fresh batch of chocolates she had made.  An idea came to him.  He took out four more pills from his pocket, carefully speared each one into its own chocolate bonbon jacket, dropped them into one of his pockets, popped a fifth one into his mouth—and, then, re-entered the bedroom.  
Mozart was sitting up in the bed with pillows propped up behind him.  Scattered about the bedclothes were sheets of music, some written on, some not.  He was writing out musical notes as fast as he could jot them down.  
Constanze was mortified to see Mathew back so soon in Mozart’s bedroom---the scene of his outrageous theft of the doctor’s bag.  She was about to scream at him and beat him with her fists when Mozart held up his hand and instead welcomed Mathew with a huge smile. “Constanze, I owe my life to this young man. That doctor would have murdered me if Mathew had not—liberated his black bag.”
Constanze did not pretend to understand any of this.  What she did know was Mozart needed peace and quiet.  These out-of-control children must be hustled out of the Master’s bedroom immediately.  But Mozart had his own ideas about that, too.
“No, my dear, let them stay,” he said. “The music for the last movement of the Requiem is already created.  I am now copying it down.  Everyone can stay and chat as they wish.”
Carol gave Constanze a puzzled look. “It’s true,” said the eminent man’s wife in a low voice. “No one knows how he does it.  I have seen him play cards and joke with friends while he writes the music down.  It is already in his head, he says, as though God Himself had put it there.”

• TEN •
It took him less than two hours to finish copying the new pages of the Requiem.  Then, he began to feel tired again. “I fear this malady is coming on me once more,” he said.  “I must sleep.  I am probably doing too much again.” 
Carol exchanged a look with Mathew who merely winked. “Have a chocolate,” he said to Mozart. “In England they say it cures everything from rheumatism to broken bones to---”
Constanze looked very suspicious. “Chocolate?” she said.  “It’s impossible.  I never heard of such things!”
“Oh, yes,” said Carol. “It’s well-known among the lords and ladies.”
“Especially if each chocolate’s got a nut from the famous Antibiotical Tree,” said Mathew.
“I will put no such thing in my chocolates,” said Constanze becoming very indignant. “Antibiotical tree---what in heaven’s name is that?”
Carol understood immediately what Mathew had done and had to turn away so Constanze wouldn’t see her stifling a smile. “It’s a tree the king of England’s crazy about,” said Mathew.  “He has a nut from it every morning with his tea.” 
But Mozart wouldn’t eat the chocolates. “Maybe later,” he said.  “I am not hungry now.”  Soon the great man was sleeping, breathing softly and normally. 
“I’ll play the piano for him again,” Carol said to Constanze. “To soothe him.”
“Yes, it does seem to help him sleep.  I will be in the kitchen if he wakes up or needs me,” said his wife. 
As she played the sonata movement again, Carol whispered to Mathew: “Put the chocolates by his bed.  We can’t force him to eat them---but maybe he will if he wakes up and sees them there.”  
“I guess he’s finished writing this thing,” said Mathew. “There’s no need for us to hang around.  We’ve done what we came to do.”
Carol looked torn. “We don’t have to go back right away, Mathew.  I was hoping he’d feel up to giving me a few piano lessons.  He did say I have talent.”  She was smiling.  “I also think he likes me.”
Mathew could hardly believe what he was hearing. “Get real, Carol!” he said tensely. “We’ve got to get out of here.  I don’t want to spend the rest of my life in Vienna---eating chocolates.”  
Clearly Carol was thinking it over. “Not the rest of our lives,” she said.  “A week or two maybe.  I could learn how to make those chocolates, too.”
Mathew was adamant. “They’re going to catch onto who we are.  Next thing we know they’ll throw us in jail---or here it’ll be a dungeon. We’ll never get home.  Believe me, Carol, you won’t get piano lessons in a dungeon—or learn how to make chocolates either.”  
Mathew watched her staring at Mozart.  What was she thinking?  Was she imagining herself taking lessons every day from this guy? He knew she was.  “He’s not going to turn you into a whiz-bang piano player with a few lessons,” he said. “It takes years.”
She took a long, deep breath. “Yes, I know that,” she said.  “I’m sorry, Mathew.  I’ve made up my mind.  I want to stay.”
“I can’t believe this,” he said.  “You want me to go back alone?  What the heck am I going to say to your dad or your mom?”  The implications of her not going back began to pile up on him. “Who’s going to play the piano for the show on Friday?  We need you there,” he said. 
“I know, I know, I know.  Everybody’s going to be furious at me.” She gave him a desperate look. “Think up something. Tell them the truth maybe.  No, you can’t do that.”  She was pacing wildly around. 
“Here’s the thing.  I know I’m never going to get a chance like this again.  Never in my whole life.”  She ran her fingers through her hair.  “Piano lessons with Mozart. Think of that!  Mozart!” she said.  “It’s too insanely wonderful to miss.”  She looked at him pleadingly.  “Don’t you understand that, Mathew?”
“Frankly, no,” he said.  He thought of something else. “How are you going to get back?”  If he used their talisman to travel forward in time, he would have to take it with him.  That meant she’d have no way to time travel.  
Or maybe she wouldn’t want to come back. That was a scary thought.  She might decide to stick around in this old-timey place where the doctors were all crazy.  He could see the whole thing surging through his mind.  She’d help Constanze take care of this clown until he popped off.  Then, some day soon after that she’d marry some Vienna dude, picked out by Constanze, a guy with smelly breath, and they’d have a bunch of smelly kids.  It seemed like far out awful.  
“Don’t worry about me,” she said. “I’ll figure something out.  You should take the talisman.  Go back for the show.  They’ll find somebody else to play the piano.  Mary Schole plays pretty well.”  She put a hand on his arm.  “Maybe some day you can come back and get me.” 
“Yeah, sure.”  He realized he was starting to miss her already.  
She pulled the talisman from the pocket she’d been carrying it in and held it in front of them.  “Here’s what I did.  I’ll do it for you.”  She ran her finger along Mozart’s fancy signature. “Then, I thought really hard about going to his house.  All you’ve got to do is reverse it. Think about going to my house.”
She gave him the talisman and suddenly gasped.  “Hold it!  Not yet!  The Requiem’s finished. You’ve got to take it to my dad.  We promised him.”
She rushed over to Mozart’s bed where the finished pages of it lay scattered around him as he slept.  Gathering them up into a loose bundle, she ran back to Mathew, but, even as she approached him, he had already started to fade—to begin time travelling.  She tried to thrust the pages of music into his hands, but the bundle seemed to go right through him.  In another couple of seconds he had evaporated completely.  She was too late!  
She hadn’t even had a chance to say a proper goodbye to him.  It began to come over her that she might never see him again.  Would each of them stay stuck in their separate centuries?  She was starting to realize how madly rash her decision was to stay on in Vienna.  Not just rash---more like terrifying.  Perhaps, she might not even see her family again either.  She also realized she hadn’t told them what she was doing.  She was leaving it up to poor Mathew to tell them.  

• ELEVEN •
Mathew could dimly make out Carol running toward him with the finished pages of the Requiem.  He knew she wouldn’t make it.  Well, he thought, maybe she can bring them with her when she comes back. And, then, he realized he was the one who had the talisman now.  He didn’t want to think it---but without the talisman, she might never be able to get back.  
He began to have the same eerie experience he had had before---a shorter version of it.  Again, he seemed to dissolve into a foam of bubbles and felt himself sliding and sliding down, down into a dark vortex that left him sprawled on the floor in front of a very familiar window.  
He was totally confused.  Had nothing happened?  This was one of Mozart’s windows.  He hadn’t even left their house.  “Damn!” he said aloud. “Damn, damn, damn!”  The talisman hadn’t worked this time.  He thought to himself: “Now we’re both stuck in this stupid old century.”  Except Carol and Mozart were nowhere in sight---and, then, he noticed that the window in front of him had a pale yellow pane of glass in it.  As Carol had pointed out, Mozart’s similar window didn’t have a yellow pane so this really was Carol’s house.
He had made it!  He had traveled all the way forward through two hundred years back to the good old U.S.A.  “Super!” he said aloud.
“I’m back!”  But before long he felt a lot less happy about it.  Carol hadn’t been able to give him the finished Reckie so he couldn’t pass it on to her dad.  A real drag, he thought to himself, because giving him the Reckie might’ve eased the shock of not getting Carol back.  
And, then--Omigod!--he heard her dad’s voice calling up from downstairs.  He felt totally panicked.  “Who’s that up there?  Carol?  Is that you?”
Well, obviously he couldn’t answer.  The guy would want to know where she was.  Somehow it would be his fault that she wasn’t there, and he sure didn’t want to have to tell her dad where she was.  Wow.  He began to realize what a mess he had gotten himself into. .  
Everybody—not just her dad---would want to know where she was, and why had they missed at least a day of school, maybe more, and all those rehearsals?  Oh, we were off visiting Mr. Mozart.  Yeah, he’s better, thanks.  Took a round of antibiotics and finished his Reckie.  It’s great stuff.  Why isn’t all this in the history books, Mathew?  Good question.  Glad you asked.  You see, it’s like this---
Now he was hearing footfalls on the stairway up to her dad’s library and apartment.  “Jumpinjackrabbits!” he said aloud to himself, remembering something his own dad sometimes said. “The guy’s coming up.  He’ll catch me in here.  What’lI I tell him?  I can’t tell him anything.  I shouldn’t even be in here.  They’ll think I broke in. They’ll think I’m here to steal something.  He looked desperately around the library and saw no place to hide.  No closets.  Nothing.  
Then, he saw a way out.  Someone had left a window open.  Just outside it he sort of remembered seeing a sloping roof when he and Carol were here before.  Hoping he was right, he ran to the window and plunged through it, scraping his back on the lower part of the frame as he dove out.  He wanted with all his heart and mind to cry out the pain was so great---but he didn’t.  He lay still just below the window where the roof met the wall of the house and heard the doctor reach the top of the stairs.  
“Hello?  Who’s in here?  Carol?”  She didn’t answer, of course. 
“I swear I heard someone moving about,” he mumbled to himself.  
He poked around, opening and closing cabinet doors and even looked out Mathew’s window.  He didn’t see him.  “Got to put a lock on that door,” he said---obviously referring to the hidden door that led up the stairs to their apartment.  What did they expect? thought Mathew.  Carol had said patients often walked through it into their apartment by mistake.  She called it the secret door—except it wasn’t secret enough.
Now the doctor opened a drawer in the desk and dropped into it what sounded to Mathew like several small boxes and pill bottles.  He slammed it shut and went back down stairs.  Mathew waited a few minutes to be sure he wasn’t coming back up and, then, squeezed himself through the window into the apartment again.  His back still hurt so he pulled up his shirt and checked it in a mirror that hung on one wall.  It was red all right where he’d hit the lower part of the window frame, but thankfully he hadn’t broken the skin.  
He sat down at the desk, leaned his elbows on it with his head in his hands and wondered what the heck was he going to do next?  Who could he talk to about this?  There was really no one.  His friends wouldn’t believe him.  Neither would his mom.  Anyway how could they advise him about what to do about Carol?  One thing he did know.  She couldn’t just stay there.  She couldn’t do that to her mom and dad or her friends—or to him either.  He was beginning to realize he missed her more and more.  It meant he had to get this loony Reckie-writing dude out of her head though he wasn’t sure how he could do it.  And another thing: he had to get a hold of that dumb Reckie and give it to her dad.
He finally did come to one big conclusion.  He couldn’t do anything about rescuing her sitting here hundreds of years and thousands of miles away from her.  He needed to go back and get her.  And that’s when he had an inspiration.  She might not like the idea of walking out on old Motzie if he was still in bad shape. The best way to deal with that would be to bring along a pile of antibiotics and keep feeding them to him until he was well.  
All he had to do was get his hands on some.  Which was when he remembered the drawer in the desk and the nickernock clatter of small boxes and pill bottles being dropped into it.  That was the last thing the doctor did before going back down stairs.  It was right next to him.  He opened it slowly and gingerly and was astonished to find it jammed full of medicines.  It took him back to the doctor he’d gone to for antibiotic pills to cure the strep throat he’d had a month ago.  
“What’s this gonna cost us?” he’d asked him. 
The guy looked at him, especially at that grubby old T-shirt Carol couldn’t stand, and realized this was a kid who was definitely under-financed. “Yeah, it won’t be cheap, Mathew,” he said.  Then, he opened a drawer he had in his desk, fiddled around in it a bit and pulled out some pills embedded in a card.  “I probably shouldn’t do this, but doctors get free samples all year long.  Good luck, son.”  
Mathew wasted no time.  He scrounged through the drawer pulling out boxes and vials.  Sure enough, a bunch of them had labels that said “antibiotics” on them.  Kind of old, he said to himself, noting some of the dates.  Guess he doesn’t like to throw things out.  He also remembered how his thrifty mother shopped for food. 
“I draw the line at a year,” she said. “If it’s older than that, I won’t touch it.  But anything up to a year, believe me, it’s good to eat.  It’s stupid being fussy about that.” Then, she paused. “Well, maybe not fish.  Might be okay for soup---if it cooks long enough.” They’d never gotten any food poisoning that he could remember. 
He filled all his pockets, then, sat down to think about how to get back to Vienna.  It had crossed his mind that both times he and Carol had time-traveled it was Carol who had worked the talisman.  He just hoped he wouldn’t have any trouble doing it by himself---but he wasn’t all that sure. 

• TWELVE •
So Mathew was gone.  Carol stood there with the sheaf of handwritten music pages of the finished Requiem clasped to her chest.  She had almost caught him.  Would her dad ever get to see the last movement of the thing, which Mozart had just written out? Maybe not, she realized. 
She paused as another sad thought crept in on her.  What if she never saw Mathew again?  It was coming over her just how much she truly did like him—in spite of his dirty T-shirt and what her mom called his hobo ways.  
Just then Constanze came into Mozart’s bedroom.  She was back to being her usual bustling, stern mom self.  “I don’t know what’s keeping Bene.  It’s high time he should be fetching you,” she said.  
“Is he expected?” asked Carol.  
“Well, of course,” said Constanze.  “Didn’t he say anything to you about it?  We can’t have you in the way here much longer.  This is a sick room.”  She was now straightening out the bedclothes and fluffing pillows. “I have another doctor coming soon.  We will never get Dr. Closset to come back after what your brother put him through.”  
Carol decided not to say anything about her not being Mathew’s sister.  What worried her far more was what to say to Constanze when Mathew didn’t show up at all---which, of course, he wasn’t going to do.  And if they made her leave, it meant she would probably never be able to have any piano lessons with Mozart.  After all, wasn’t that the main reason she had stayed behind in Vienna?
“By the way, where is your brother?” asked Constanze. “What is that name you call him?  Mathew?  You English have such peculiar names.” 
“I’m not sure,” said Carol. “He went out.  He’ll be back very soon, I’m sure.”  She was also starting to realize how very alone she was---with no one in Vienna she could call a friend to whom she could turn.  
Overwhelmed by the thought of it all and the badgering sound of Constanze’s voice in her ears, Carol---who prided herself on her cool---began to cry.  
It had a magical effect on Constanze.  She was, after all, a mom, who had had six children, and Mozart probably ranked as a seventh.  She put her arm around Carol.  “I am expecting too much.  I can see you are only a child,” she said.  “And your brother is a child, too.  I do not understand how your mother could leave you like this in a foreign country.  Bene Schack is a good friend to us, but he is hardly a proper chaperone for children.”  She gave Carol a reassuring kiss on the cheek. “I wish I knew when he was coming back for you.  But I suppose it will be soon.”
Carol felt herself panicking all over again.  What would happen to her when he did return?  He would say he did not know her or Mathew and had no idea why they were there.  He had assumed they were visiting Constanze.  How could she explain any of this to her?  She couldn’t.  Constanze might toss her out on the street and who could blame her?
Carol was in the Mozarts’ kitchen when she heard a loud rapping on the front door.  Loud and threatening.  Carol didn’t know it, but she was about to find herself in even deeper trouble.  A gruff voice shouted through the door.  “Open up!” it said.  “In the name of the Emperor!” 
Emperor?  Did Austria have an emperor?  Was that like a king?  Carol didn’t know, but clearly the voice was not kidding around.  It almost had to be a cop.  She heard two male voices talking at once, one of which she thought she recognized.  It was almost certainly Doctor Closset.  Had they come to arrest Mozart? she wondered.  Whatever for?  For not letting Dr. Closset bleed him to death? 
“Wait up!” she shouted back without opening the door, and she ran to find Constanze.  Why would they want to arrest a sick man?  Then, it hit her.  They had come for Mathew, not Mozart, because he was the one who had stolen the doctor’s black bag.  
“Thank God he isn’t here,” she said to herself.  She also realized that she would be seen as his accomplice, the stranger from England who must be in on Mathew’s plot to rob the doctor.  They would arrest her instead.  
What would happen then?  Would they interrogate her?  Maybe even torture her?  She thought back to the history of Europe she had read in school.  In the 18th century there was no such thing as human rights.  The police did what they wanted with you.  
Carol ran into the Mozart bedroom where she found Constanze sitting beside him as he slept.  She had not heard the commotion outside their front door. “Constanze,” she whispered so as not to wake Mozart. “They’ve come to take me away.”  
“Who are you talking about, child?” said Constanze impatiently.  English children, she was beginning to realize, were just different from Austrian ones.  High-strung and feverish, to say the least.  
“The police,” Carol said. “They probably think I took the doctor’s bag.”  She knew the composer’s wife had a weakness for tears, especially those of children, but, though she felt like crying, she couldn’t make the tears come.  
Constanze did not seem too concerned. “Nonsense,” she said.  “There is a mistake.  I will go and speak to them.  Come with me, Carol.”  
That didn’t sound like a good idea—Carol thought she might be better off hiding---but she had little choice but to follow Constanze to the front door.  Outside was a rather natty-looking policeman in a dark blue uniform with brass buttons and gold epaulettes and a plumed helmet.  They do dress well here, thought Carol.  
With him was a scowling Dr. Closset.  He began a loud rant the minute he saw Constanze and Carol. “She is one of the perpetrators,” he said pointing his stick at Carol. “The boy must be hiding inside.”  
“Please, Dr. Closset,” said the policeman pleasantly but firmly.  “I must handle this.”
“Of course, of course,” growled the doctor.  
“Madame, you are Frau Mozart?”  
“I am,” she said. “Why are you here?”  
“This gentleman has filed a complaint about a boy in your care.  He says he committed a theft involving a black bag containing all his surgical instruments.”  
“There is no such boy living here,” said Constanze.  
“Was there such a boy in your care recently?”  
“No such boy was ever in my care,” she said emphatically.  It was true, thought Carol.  She and Mathew were never officially placed in her care.  
At this point the doctor blustered in. “Officer, I saw the little devil with my two eyes.  Do you doubt me?  I was about to perform a surgical procedure on Herr Mozart when this young—”  He couldn’t find a strong enough word to express the depth of his anger so he just spluttered: “---person stole my medical bag and escaped!”  
Constanze eyed the black bag he was carrying. “Is that the bag?” she said with a small smile.  
“There is nothing to smile at, Frau Mozart!”  The doctor paused as everyone stared at the bag. “Well, yes, this is my medical bag,” he said.  
“Are all your instruments intact inside it?” asked the officer.  
“Indeed, they are, thank goodness.”  
Constanze spoke quietly. “You say your bag was stolen. Yet you have it in your hand, and it safely holds all your instruments. You speak of a thief.  Yet there is no thief here.  There are also no witnesses to this crime.”  She looked at Carol as if for confirmation. 
“I personally saw no robbery take place, gentlemen.  Neither did this young lady.”  
Now a new voice was heard.  Mozart had waked up from his sleep and had come to the door in his white nightgown. “I was there, too, officer, and I saw nothing.”  
The policeman bowed respectfully in the presence of the composer as he was well-known in Vienna.  It was also known that he was ill.  “Herr Mozart, forgive us for disturbing you.”
“He must return to his bed, gentlemen,” said Constanze.  “He should not be up.” 
“Of course,” said the policeman. “I think it’s quite clear that—”  
“---that almost nothing is clear,” said Constanze.  “Except for one thing.  This doctor is intent on getting you to make a false arrest.”  
“Well, that was never my intention,” said the officer.  He turned to Dr. Closset. “There seems to be no valid evidence of a crime, doctor.  No stolen goods, no witnesses, no thief.”  
“I completely disagree,” huffed the doctor.  
The policeman held up his hand to silence any further discussion.  “I think we should let Herr Mozart go back to bed as his wife says.  Frau Mozart, Herr Mozart, please forgive this intrusion.”  He bowed, and the two men left.  
Constanze closed the front door—just in time to prevent the officer and the doctor hearing Mozart explode with laughter. “That was the silliest thing I ever heard,” he said, “but you were completely wonderful, Constanze.  Wasn’t she, Carol?”  He drew his wife to him and hugged her hard.  
“You were, you were,” said Carol.  She’d been blown away by Constanze’s performance, a demonstration of cool like she’d never heard before in her life.

• THIRTEEN •
Mathew was getting set to time travel to Vienna, but suddenly he began to feel a bit guilty about grabbing all those free samples.  
I mean, yeah, Carol’s dad didn’t pay a nickel for any of them, he said to himself, but still they belonged to him, not Mathew.  Dr. Pindler was going to discover some of them had been heisted the next time he opened that drawer. There was no way Mathew could disguise that.  
He debated leaving a note in the drawer confessing everything.  No good, he realized.  The antibiotics would go on being missing—and he’d look like a common thief by confessing, which he hadn’t looked like up to now.  
Then, he thought of something.  The doctor had given them permission to borrow any of his books on music, especially on Mozart.  Maybe he could grab a book now, leave it on the desk and drop a thank you note on it.  That would seem like he was being very responsible—not just a jerk who would rob him of his samples as well as his books.  Maybe, he hoped, he wouldn’t notice the missing samples.
So he went over to the bookcase and pulled out the old history book that the handwritten page of music had fallen out of.  And that’s when he remembered the second page that had fallen out of it that had Mozart’s signature on it.  He’d mention finding it in his note.  Now he’d look more responsible than ever.  
But wait!  How could he do that?  Mozart’s signature was the talisman, his key to being able to time travel.  No, the book would have to be enough.  He took up a pencil and wrote on a scrap of paper:
“Thanks for letting us see your Mozart book, Dr. Pindler.  Really interesting.  So long, Mathew.”
Now he better get going and try to return to Vienna.  He debated getting in touch with his mom, but he didn’t want to worry her. Besides, he’d be coming back to America soon enough—with Carol and the Reckie in hand.  
He listened to be sure the doctor wasn’t on his way back up stairs.  Then, he stood in the middle of the room and pulled the Mozart talisman out of his pocket.  The note was already getting a bit tattered from being in his pocket.  Yellow flakes were falling off it as the edges of the paper crumbled away.  He held it in front of him and slowly and deliberately traced the signature with his right forefinger---what he had seen Carol do---and waited for the whirlwind to come down on him. 
But it never came.  In fact, nothing at all happened.  He knew it because the yellow pane of glass in the library’s window did not go away.  “What am I going to do?” he whispered desperately. “I’ve got to get back to Vienna.”
“What are you doing in here?” said a familiar voice.  Holy Cow.  It was Carol’s mom.  He hadn’t even heard her come up behind him.
“Oh, hi, Mrs. Pindler,” he said trying to be as offhand as he could.
“Can I help you?” she asked. 
“Not especially,” he said.  She gave him a puzzled look.  The next question he knew would be a tough one—like “are you looking for something?”  I mean Carol wasn’t with him.  Didn’t that make it look like he was breaking and entering, maybe trying to make off with valuable items?
Instead, she didn’t ask him that.  She asked him an even tougher question, one he had no idea how to answer. “Where is she?” she asked.  
“You mean Carol?”  He was stalling for time.  Any amount of time that would allow him to come up with an answer.
“Who else would I mean, Mathew?” she said.  He wished to God he had taken the time to think through some shrewd answers to questions like these.
“Oh, she’s out there, I guess---at soccer practice.”  He had no idea if Carol even knew how to play soccer.  It was a popular sport so she might.  
Mrs. Pindler hesitated. “I didn’t l know she played soccer,” she said.  “She’s never mentioned it.”  
“She just took it up,” he said. “There’s a game Saturday.” That part was true.  
“I see,” she said slowly.  “And if she’s at soccer practice---why are you here in our house?”  He opened his mouth to answer her, but he couldn’t think of anything convincing to say.  
After a moment she narrowed her eyes and asked the toughest question of all. “Why are you lying to me, Mathew?”  
To which there was no answer he dared share with her.  The trouble with lying, he thought, was lies just piled up and piled up, one on top of the other so that you couldn’t see under them to the first lie you’d told.  It made remembering them very difficult.  You had to tell a lie to blot out the one before, and, then you had to tell another lie to blot out that one.  And on and on and on.  
Suddenly, salvation came.  The cheerful ring tune of a cell phone floated in from the other side of the apartment. “Have to get that.  Please wait here for me, Mathew,” she said sternly.  
“Yes, mam,” he said, but he didn’t plan to wait.  He knew he had only one chance now to escape the questions she had asked him and more questions that he imagined would be coming next.  He hoped against hope that that phone call would last forever—or at least a couple of minutes.  
He tried again to use the talisman.  He traced Mozart’s signature over and over, and still nothing happened.  “Oh, Carol, if only you were here,” he said aloud.  She’d figure out a way to do this or maybe guess out what he was doing wrong.  
He could hear the conversation on the phone at the other end of the apartment coming to an end.  It was funny how you could tell when grownups were finishing up a phone call. They start to say things that say they have no more to tell this person, but they don’t want to be rude and cut if off.  They make nice, make polite.  It takes them so frigging long to end it although today he was glad to have that extra time.  
And, then, a sudden idea speared into his head like an arrow shot from a castle wall.  He had an image of Carol doing her homework, which they often did together.  She lifted her pencil to make some notes, and it hit him.  It was something he often kidded her about.  She was left-handed!  He realized now she had traced Mozart’s signature with her left hand.  Could that have been the thing he was doing wrong?  Did he need to trace the signature with his left hand?  
He could hear Carol’s mother snapping her cell phone closed.  She was on her way back!  With a trembling left forefinger Mathew traced out Mozart’s name and waited and hoped.  It happened.  On the wings of a near tornado and an explosion of light, he dissolved swiftly into nothingness.  
For a couple of seconds before it began, he thought maybe Mrs. Pindler did need to see it all happening.  Needed to have a hint that he really was in their apartment and Carol wasn’t because they were off doing unimaginably fantastic things.  But it was too late.  He was already on his way back through the fog of years to Vienna and to Carol in the year 1791. 

• FOURTEEN •
As soon as the door had closed behind the policeman and Dr. Closset, Carol and Mozart began to have an uncontrollable giggling fit.  Constanze took it more seriously. “The nerve of him,” she said, “bringing a policeman here.  But we are lucky.  It could have turned out badly for us.  Dr. Closset is a prominent man.  If Wolfgang hadn’t been here, the policeman might well have marched Carol and me off to be questioned and, perhaps, spend the night in prison.”  Their giggling stopped. “This may not be the end of it,” she said. 
“Foolishness,” scoffed Mozart. “They cannot prove anything.”  He took a long look at Carol. “Still,” he said, “we all know the truth.  Mathew did steal the doctor’s bag.  The coachman might tell them that he saw Mathew toss it up to him while he sat on the driver’s seat of the doctor’s coach.”  Mozart did a light-hearted dance step through the kitchen while pretending to be a pied piper playing his flute---in this case a long black spatula.  “Who cares?” he said. “Who cares?  Still there is one thing I would like to know,” he said.  
“What is that?” asked Constanze. 
“Just what has happened to Carol’s brother?  He does not know Vienna, yet he has completely disappeared.” 
“Do you think he is lost?” said Constanze anxiously. 
Mozart smiled impishly. “No, not lost.  Just very curious, I would say.  A young man wants to see—you know, the sights—or---whatever.  Vienna is known for many things.”  He dug a finger into Carol’s ribs and giggled in his maniacal way.  
Carol couldn’t help giggling back though she didn’t know quite what he was hinting at.  She could also see that Constanze didn’t approve of all this talk. 
“Has he got any ducats in his pocket?” Mozart wanted to know.  
“Probably not,” said Carol.  
“English shillings, I expect,” said Mozart. “They won’t carry him very far.”  He danced a minuet around the kitchen. “I believe young Mathew will be back sooner than we think,” he said.  
The doorbell rang.  
“Speak of the devil,” he said. “I need to pee.” And he danced back to the bedroom, leaving Constanze to answer the door—as he left most things for her to do. 
It was someone Carol had never seen before, a well-dressed man in jodhpurs, high boots of fine leather and a riding vest.  A nobleman without doubt.  He had tied his horse to a hitching post in front of their house.  
Constanze seemed very taken aback by him. “We were not expecting you this soon,” she told him.  
He bowed briefly. “Frau Mozart, I’m here to tell you that the gentleman I work for has changed the delivery schedule.  He must have the Requiem right away.  It is urgent.”  
Carol now recognized who this was—the mysterious messenger she and Mathew had read about in one of her dad’s Mozart books, the man who had paid Mozart 100 ducats for a requiem that his master could claim he had written himself.  
Constanze was for once at a loss for words. “But, sir, it is not ready yet.  It was not supposed to be ready for at least four weeks.  He is working on it, refining it,” she said, “but the Master has been very ill.”  
“That is of no concern to us,” said the man. “We must have it now.  If it is not ready, we will have no difficulty finding another composer to finish it.”  
“Herr Mozart would never permit that,” she said stoutly.  
“He has no say in this.  My master has paid well for this work---paid in advance.”  The tall stranger rapped his swagger stick on one of his boots and looked haughtily down on Constanze. “It goes without saying that Herr Mozart will receive no addition to the fee if he cannot meet these terms.”  
Carol could see how badly Constanze was taking this news.  She knew how desperately they needed the money. They had been promised a bonus, and now it might be taken away.  Constanze could only give in to his demands. “I will speak to my husband.  He will examine his schedule and see what can be done.  Come back tomorrow at this time, and we will try to have it ready.”  
What Constanze did not know is that Carol and Mathew had already attempted unsuccessfully to make off with the Requiem.  
Carol was glad now she had failed to pass it to Mathew as he time-travelled to America.  Instead, she had put it back on Mozart’s bed.  She hadn’t realized that he was still working on it.  
“Good day, sir,” Constanze said stiffly and swept off into her house.  She stopped at the door and said: “Are you coming, Carol?”  
“In a moment, Constanze.” The door closed behind her.  Carol felt an overwhelming loathing for this man and wanted to tell him off.  He was doing the dirty work of a nobleman with too much money who could pay to steal what another man created and show it off as his own.  She told him as much.  
“Who are you to speak to me in this fashion?” he said angrily.  
“It’s none of your business who I am,” she flung back at hm.  
“I hear your impudent English accent through your German pretention. You are riff raff like the rest of your countrymen.  And a child without manners besides.”  
“Where I come from we put jerks like you behind bars,” she said.  She wasn’t sure if that was true—but it seemed like it ought to be. 
“In another minute I will spank your bottom for such impudence,” he said.  “In Austria children know their place.”  
He started to move towards her, and Carol who was half his size began to panic.  In America adults don’t hit kids or very rarely, but Austria in 1791, she suspected, might be different.  Maybe she shouldn’t have told him off.  
Then, suddenly out of nowhere a coachman’s whip struck him full in the face.  

• FIFTEEN •
To Carol’s astonishment the whip was wielded by none other than Herr Schack, who had come up behind him. “Touch my niece, and you are a dead man,” he shouted.  He had drawn a rapier and poked it menacingly into the messenger’s tunic.  As they often said in old westerns, Carol knew, Herr Schack had gotten the drop on him.  
But this was age versus youth.  The man turned to see who had attacked him, sized up the heavy-bellied Herr Schack and slapped away his rapier. “You fat old pig!” the messenger cried out. “I could destroy you in seconds!”
“Not before you retrieve your horse, sir,” said Herr Schack. The man whirled in time to see Carol untying his horse from the Mozarts’ hitching post.  She gave a sharp yell in one of its ears while aiming a resounding whack on its flank and stood back as the animal fled in fright down Raubensteingasse Street.  The last thing they saw was an overdressed man shouting and waving his rapier as he splattered down the muddy street after his ride home.  
“Well done, Carol!  He will be busy for a while.”  Herr Schack was breathing heavily after his brief battle but couldn’t stop laughing. 
Carol was laughing, too. “Thank you for saving me, sir,” she said. “It’s wonderful to see you again, but I’m not your niece, you know.” 
“I don’t think you are Josef’s niece either,” he said with a sly grin. 
Carol realized in a rush that she and Mathew had lost their cover.  Herr Schack now suspected they were not part of the Mozart family and not visitors from England either.  He would probably pass along his suspicions to the Mozarts, and they would want to know who they really were.  
That would be the first of many questions they’d want answers to, especially Constanze.  Where had they come from and what on earth were they doing there?  How would she answer?  How could she prevent the Mozarts from throwing her out of their house?  This friendly old musical buddy of Mozart’s was about to become the biggest threat she had ever come up against.  Forget about their quest to bring back a finished copy of the Requiem.  What mattered more was how would she survive by herself in the middle of a strange city in an even stranger century?  The idea filled her with unspeakable fear. 

• SIXTEEN •
Herr Schack embraced Constanze and squeezed Mozart’s two hands with his own as the old family friend that he was. “You don’t have to worry about that fop any more.  He’ll be chasing his horse for a week yet.”  He told them about his encounter with the messenger and Carol’s role in getting rid of him.  
“Carol did that?” said Constanze.  “A Viennese girl would never dare.” 
Mozart as expected loved the contrariness of it. “I wish they would dare,” he said.  
“I suppose English girls are just different,” said his wife. “They probably don’t coddle their men or wait on them hand and foot the way we do in Austria.”  Something made her smile.  “I imagine In England men probably have to go out in the street and empty their own bettpfannes,” she said.  “Unless a servant does it.”
Wow, thought Carol, is that how they get rid of that yukky stuff?  It sounded horrendously unsanitary. There was no response from the two men.  Carol imagined they were probably thinking over what it would be like to actually have to do it themselves.  
Herr Schack turned and gave her a mischievous look. “Is what Constanze says true, Carol?” he asked. “Except I think you English call them bedpans.” 
Carol could feel she was being challenged.  Was he about to open Pandora’s Jar?  She suspected he was.  Pandora’s Jar, she remembered, was the Greek and Roman myth in which Jupiter put all the Evils of the world in a jar and instructed Pandora not to let any of them out.  But she couldn’t resist peeking inside it.  The moment she opened it they all flew out to inflict themselves on innocent mankind.  In her case, the evils were the true facts about Mathew and herself.  
“Of course, it’s true,” said Carol.  She knew she was lying, but the idea of women being stuck with such a chore just made her mad. “Why shouldn’t the men do it?  It’s only fair.  It’s only here in Austria that women are forced to do it.”  What she was really up against, she realized, was the 18thcentury and women’s place in it.  Thank goodness America was different, she thought.
“That’s curious,” said Mozart. “I have personally seen what goes on in Germany and France. There women are in full charge of bedpans.”
“I myself have lived in London,” said Herr Schack. “Women are in full charge there, too.”  There was a long pause in the conversation.  Finally, Herr Schack asked the question Carol was dreading.  It was the question she knew was coming and could not be avoided.
“Carol,” he said gently. “Why don’t you confess to us that you are not English at all and not related to the Mozarts?”  
Mozart who was prone to laugh at just about anything was now not laughing at all.  
“What are you talking about, Bene?” he said.  “I can hear her English accent in the background of the perfect German this girl speaks.”  But she could tell he had become doubtful about her, too. 
“Carol, what is your answer to Bene’s nonsense?” asked Constanze. “I know you love to jest, Bene, but there are limits even among friends.”  
Carol looked totally distraught.  How could she possibly answer these questions?  She could never tell a lie big enough to answer them all, and frankly she didn’t feel like telling any more lies.  She wanted so badly to tell them the truth.  Yet how could she tell them about her promise to bring the finished Requiem back to her dad even if she had to steal it or tell them about a place and time as totally weird as America in the 21st century or describe the mystery of how they had used time travel to get here?  They would find it hard to believe a word of it.  
There was another long moment of embarrassed silence, and, then, suddenly, came a splintering crash and the sound of pulverizing glass scattering around the Mozart bedroom.
Yes, it was Mathew.  

• SEVENTEEN •
Mrs. Pindler came back from her phone call and looked around for Mathew.  For half a moment she thought she saw him standing near her doctor husband’s desk.  But, then, she looked again and saw nothing.  
She shook her head as though she needed to clear it, but the image was gone. “Mathew?” she said uncertainly. “Where are you?”  He just wasn’t there.  
Had he slipped out of the apartment in spite of her asking him to stay? she wondered.  That was unacceptable behavior.  She would have to have a serious talk with him later—maybe with both of them.  She had never felt comfortable about their relationship.  He was just so---peculiar.  Perhaps, it was time to terminate it.  And, by the way, where was Carol anyway?  It seemed clear that Mathew knew but wasn’t about to tell her.
Mathew, of course, was time traveling back to Carol.  It felt good.  Now that he had the talisman and understood how it worked, he felt confident that he could spring her free from Mozart’s clutches---bring her back to the States in time for their Friday concert.  He was looking forward to it.  That was the great thing about being in the band.  Everybody loved you.  It was like a free pass.  You were magic.  
He wondered where he was going to come down--in the bedroom next to Mozart’s bed or in the kitchen in front of that huge stove?  Maybe Constanze had made some more chocolates.  Mmm, that would be cool.  He loved those chocolates.  She would be shocked, though, if he just appeared out of nothing.  Or maybe Carol was having a piano lesson by now, playing away as the Master lay in his bed giving her instructions.  Had he eaten the chocolates with the pills in them?  Was he cured?  
And, then, Mathew landed, almost losing his balance but managing to stay upright as he smithereened through Mozart’s bedroom window.
“Howdy, folks,” he said cheerily as he walked into the kitchen.  Seeing the looks on Carol’s face and the faces of the others, he sized up immediately what was about to take place.  
“I’ll explain everything,” he said.  Carol was so glad to see him, but she didn’t know how he could explain anything at all. “I think we’ve got to come clean,” he whispered to her.  She nodded vigorously. “We’ll just hope they buy it.”  
Carol remembered that that was the last creature left in Pandora’s Jar when all the Evils had escaped.  Jupiter himself allowed her to release it.  It was Hope, the thing that has sustained men and women ever since, when they were caught in tough binds---like this one.  So that’s what they did.  They fessed up about absolutely everything, sharing the telling as they went along.  At least, Carol thought to herself, when they throw us out, I’ll have Mathew with me to face life in the 18th century if we can’t make it back to the 21st.
“I’m having trouble believing any of this,” said Herr Schack, nervously wiping his plump neck with a handkerchief and breathing faster than usual.  Constanze was halfway to a faint and had to sit down.  
Mozart was uncharacteristically somber for a whole minute after which he chuckled and said: “It’s wonderful.  I love it.  I think I want to move there.”  
Meanwhile, Constanze was coming back to life.  She had heard what he said. “Oh, no, Wolfgang.  Never.  We must get paid in full for the Requiem first.  Besides, where would we live?  What would we eat?”  
“Will they know me, Carol?” asked history’s most accomplished music-maker. “Or must I start all over again?”  
This was the part Carol liked the best, telling him he was a classical music god, that everyone in the world of classical music, even after two centuries, was in endless awe of him.  
“That’s nice,” he said.  A look of concern crossed his face.  He was thinking about his musical rivals in Vienna at the end of the 18th century. “What about those scalawags Clementi or Salieri---or Naumann?  Or that filthy prig Cambini?  Are they as famous as me---in the twenty-one century?”  
“I never heard of any of them,” Carol said.
“Ah, that’s the best news of all,” he said happily. “Now I don’t have to hate them any more.”
Constanze was already cleaning up the broken glass, good Viennese wife that she was.  Mathew grabbed a broom to help her. 
“What’s this?” she said, not quite believing what he was doing.
“In my century, men clean up,” he said. “At least sometimes.”
Then, guiltily: “We must pay you for a new window.”
“No, you have more than repaid us.  You have made Wolfgang feel himself again.”  
“Would we be able to pay the rest of our bills in this Americky place?” asked music’s poorest great composer.  “Constanze would like that.”  
“I think, Herr Mozart,” said Carol, “you would quickly become a billionaire, maybe a trillionaire. The first one ever.” 
“Is that a lot of money?” he asked.  
“Quite a bit,” said Carol.
“You couldn’t spend it in one lifetime or two lifetimes or even three lifetimes,” said Mathew.  
“Oh, I’d find a way,” said Mozart. 
“If you dare leave Vienna on this silly trip, you leave without me,” said Constanze emphatically. “I’m very well satisfied with our life here---in spite of our bills.  Vienna is the center of culture of the whole world!”
“I knew she’d say that,” said Mozart, a resigned look on his face.
“How are you feeling?” asked Mathew.  
“Very good indeed,” said Mozart. “There is definitely something in those chocolates Constanze makes that highly agrees with me. The last ones had some kind of nut inside them.  Very interesting taste.” 
Now, Mathew knew, it was time to explain to Mozart about the antibiotics.  The Master seemed very taken aback. “So it wasn’t the chocolates or the nuts inside them,” he said.  
At this point, Mathew emptied the vials and boxes of pills he had in his pockets into a bowl in the kitchen. “If you get sick again, please swallow one of these,” he said.  
“Well, we will see.  Austrians like myself are very fatalistic,” Mozart said.  
“What must be must be,” said Herr Schack.  
“Bene is right.  If I am to die, it is God’s will,” said Mozart.  “But I think your kindness to me is also part of His will.  Thanks to you I have managed to finish the Requiem.  I want you now to have a copy of it—to take to your father, Carol.”  
“Thank you, Herr Mozart,” she said with all her heart.  It was the most wonderful gift she could ever imagine getting, and now she wouldn’t have to steal it.  He handed her a large envelope containing the finished manuscript.
“Wolfgang must get back into bed,” said Constanze. “He is still not completely well.  We have to let him rest and sleep.”
“I must be going,” said Herr Schack.  “I think we all need some rest and sleep.  Perhaps, you will feel up to rehearsing the Requiem again tomorrow, Wolfgang.”  
“By all means,” said Mozart. “Bring along the others.  You will have new music to sing,”  
Now it was time for hugs and goodbyes as Carol and Mathew also got ready to leave. “You have been a very naughty boy, Mathew,” said Constanze, “but I forgive you.  You misbehaved for Wolfgang’s sake and for Carol’s, too.”  She dissolved into tears as Carol and Mathew embraced her.
When Mathew reached out to hug the little man Carol’s father had called a giant, he was struck again by how small he seemed.  Small and frail.  “Don’t forget to take the pills,” he said. “With food,” he added. That’s what the doctor had told him to do. 
“I will consider it,” said the man whose music will live forever. 
“Yeah, I’ll bet,” said Mathew smiling.
Mozart tried to suppress a giggle but couldn’t.  Then, he took Carol’s face in his hands and kissed her on the forehead. “Never stop playing,” he told her.  
“I promise,” she said.  She was trying not to cry, but it was hard.  
“She won’t wash her face for a year,” Mathew told Herr Schack. 
And now they got set to use the talisman to launch their time traveling back to America.  They stood together in front of Mozart’s broken window while Carol held tight the envelope containing the completed Requiem---to give to her dad.  Mathew grasped the talisman in his right hand and with the forefinger of his left hand carefully traced Mozart’s signature.
“Are you thinking about what I’m thinking?” she whispered.
“You mean about how long were we gone?”
“How are we going to explain it to our parents?”
“I just don’t know.”
The two of them turned to wave.  Suddenly, Mathew called out: “Do you want the talisman back, Herr Schack?  It’s got a note to you from Herr Mozart.  Might be important.  It was with your page of music.”  He handed it to Mozart’s friend even as he felt himself and Carol starting to disappear.  
Herr Schack glanced at it and laughed loudly.  He cupped one hand to his mouth and called out:  “He wants me to bring along some herring and sour cream.  I did.”  And, then, they were gone. 
They had been swept up once more in a hurricane of light and sound and wind followed by a plunge into a spiraling black tunnel that tumbled them onto the floor in front of the window in her dad’s library. It was where their trip to find Mozart had begun.
“There’s the yellow pane of glass.  This is Mom and Dad’s window.  We’re home, Mathew!  Home!”
“Thank God,” he said. “Still got the manuscript?”  
She waved it on high.  “Let’s go find Dad.  The finished Requiem!!  He’s never going to believe it---after two centuries it’s right here in my hand.  Dad!  Dad!”  
They looked frantically around the apartment, but neither her dad nor her mom were around. “Wait a minute.  What time is it anyway?”  She looked at the library’s wall clock. “Two p.m. I guess they’re still at work.”  But a very creepy feeling was starting to come over her. “Hey, Mathew, help me remember.  Didn’t that thing say two p.m. when we left?”
Mathew was frowning. “Yeah, I think so.” 
Almost whispering to herself she said:  “So how long have we been gone?  Like what day is today?”
“I’m not sure. Let’s ask them in the office,” said Mathew.
The receptionist was used to Carol asking her silly questions---back to when she was a little girl.  “Today’s Tuesday, dear,” she said. 
Carol sat down on one of the go-to-sleep chairs and stared at Mathew. “This is pretty scary,” she said,
“Our whole trip lasted like no time at all,” said Mathew shaking his head. “Zero seconds.  I feel like one of those electrons.  The ones that tunnel from one place to another.”  
“They do it instantaneously, Mr. Kabala said.”  Carol suddenly laughed out loud. “And I thought we’d have to do all this major explaining.  Like where were you?  We were so worried.  Yakety yak.  I bet they never even noticed we were gone.”
Her dad walked one of his patients out to the waiting room and turned to go back into his office.  He caught sight of the two of them.  
“Kids!” he called out. “Did you have a look at my Mozart books?”
Carol stole a look at Mathew. Taking a deep breath, she said:  “We sure did.  They were super-helpful.”  She was wondering how to tell him.  “Dad, the fact is we found out how to time-travel.  It takes no time at all.  We actually saw him, Dad, and he gave us this to give to you.” 
“Oh, really?”  He was smiling that indulgent I-love-my-daughter-but –I-don’t-believe-half-of-what-she-tells-me smile.  He had barely listened to what she’d told him.
She handed him the finished Requiem.  He took it and looked at the cover, flipped it open and said without great enthusiasm:  
“Wow, La Clemenza di Tito.  His last opera.  Looks like an autograph copy.”  That was the “in” word, Carol knew, for a music manuscript written out by the composer himself. “Where on earth did you get this?”
“Clemenza di---”  Carol couldn’t believe what he was saying.  
“No, Dad, it’s the Requiem.  All finished!”  
He showed her the title on the cover page.  It sure wasn’t the Requiem.
“Oh, no!” Her face fell about a mile and a half.

• EIGHTEEN • 
At the very same moment, someone else’s face was falling at least as far. “Bene, Bene!  Look what I’ve done.  I’ve given Carol the wrong manuscript!” 
“You gave her the Requiem, Wolfgang.  All completed.”
“No, I’m a fool.  I have the Requiem here in my hand.  I gave her a copy of the Clemenza instead.”  
“Gott in Himmel, it is not possible!”  
“I wish that were true,” said the composer.  He held his head in his two hands.  
“Well, it is a shame---but it cannot be helped now, Wolfgang.”  
“No!  I promised it to her for her father.  A promise is a promise.  I must go now to their far away time and give it to her.”  
“No, no, you cannot.  They are 200 years in the future. You are not well enough to do that.”  Herr Schack wagged his finger at Mozart.  “Perhaps, they will come back some day.  Give it to them then, Master.”
“When they are old and gray, and you and I are gone?  That cannot be,” said Mozart. 
“Besides,” said Herr Schack placing a hand on his arm. “We have a concert tomorrow.  The two of us.”  
“We don’t!” Mozart was aghast.  
“We do.  I have booked it.”  
“You never told me.”
“We both need the money, Wolfgang.”  He paused. “Perhaps, I should go on this journey---not you,” he said. 
“No, it is my fault.  It must be me.  Mathew said the trip is very quick.  I am sure I will be back in time for our concert.”  
“200 years there and 200 years back?  You cannot do it.”  
“In which case you can play the piano and sing, too.”  Mozart burst into giggles.  
“Me? I can barely play a note,” said Herr Schack, “—compared to you.”
“You better start learning, then,” said Mozart. “Now, how does this talisman they talked about work?”  
“Mathew was showing me,” said Herr Schack.  “All you have to do is trace your signature with a finger—your left finger. That is very important, he said.”  
“Why?” 
“Because you are left-handed so the signature is a left-handed signature.  The talisman demands that only the left hand can be used to trace it.”
Mozart became a little defensive. “What is so bad about being left-handed?  A lot of good musicians are left-handed.  Look at Bach’s son.  Carl Emanuel Philipp.”  
“There is nothing wrong with being left-handed, Wolfgang,” said Constanze, who had overheard this conversation. “Only in some people’s minds”.  
“I think many composers,” said Herr Schack, “would strive to become left-handed if they knew you were left-handed.”  
“You really think so?”  Mozart seemed partly mollified. 
Just then, there was a loud rap on the front door. “Oh, oh, I recognize that rude sound,” said Constanze.  “It is that awful messenger. He has come for the Requiem.”  
‘Well, let him have it,” said Mozart. “Maybe it is just as well we did not give it to Carol.”  
“But how can we give it to him and take it to Carol, too?”  
“The children will have to wait,” said the composer, “but only as long as it takes me to write it out again.”
“Ah, yes, I forgot,” said Herr Schack.  “Everything is written down inside your head.”  
“That is what it means to be a genius,” said his wife. 
“Tut, tut,” said Mozart though he always rather liked being called a genius. “Please give it to him, Constanze, and I will start making a new copy of it right now.”  
She went to the door, and sure enough it was the same nasty man who had come to the door last time.  “Where is it?” he demanded insolently.  She held it out to him.  
“I see you got your horse back,” she said with a smile. “We heard it was found swimming across the North Sea.”  
“That is quite incorrect,” he said haughtily, snatching the manuscript from her hand.  “I’ve still a mind to spank that child’s bottom.”  
“You will do no such thing,” said Constanze.  “If anyone should be thrashed, it is you.  And, remember, you owe us a bonus.”  With that she slammed the door in his face.  Behind her Herr Schack laughed and clapped loudly.  

• NINETEEN •  
“Don’t get so upset about it,” said Dr. Pindler to Carol and Mathew as they stood together in his waiting room.  “It’s pretty terrific getting an original copy of Clemenza di Tito,” he said.  “Maybe it’s not his greatest opera, but experts are beginning to think better and better of it.  It’s classic Mozart.  I’m looking forward to going through it.  And I want to hear all about how you found it.  Listen, I’ve got to get back in there.  See you two later.”  He paused.  “And thanks, Carol.  It’s a lovely present.”
After he’d gone, she said: “I better check in with Mom.  Find out when dinner is.  I hope we’re not having fish again.”  
She scrounged around in her pockets for her cell phone, then, froze, stared at Mathew and whispered:  “It’s not here.  Oh, Mathew, guess what? I think I left it back there—in Vienna---along with the manuscript!  I can’t believe it.  How could I be so stupid twice in a row?”  She stood there covering her face with her hands.
Mathew couldn’t help but smile.  “Some day somebody’s going to find it in with his stuff.  The Mozart cell phone?  It’s absolutely not possible—that’s what the experts’ll say.  We will know better.”  He started to laugh.  
“It’s not funny!  Mom’ll be furious at me.  Somebody’ll steal it and run up a bill, she’ll say.  And, then, I’ll say: but Mom it’s in Mozart’s house, and none of those old-time guys will know what to do with it.  But she’ll still be furious.”  
A very odd look was coming over Mathew’s face. “Carol, think about that.”  
She knew that look, and, then, it dawned on her what he was thinking.  “Oh, come on, Mathew.  That’s ridiculous.” 
“I know,” he said. “Utterly ridiculous—like everything else we’ve been doing---but what if---?”  
“I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to try,” she said. “There’s another cell phone on the desk upstairs.”  Her heart was beating faster and faster as she ran all the way up the stairs, grabbed the other cell phone, threw herself into a chair and began to dial.  

Herr Schack stuck his head into Mozart’s study as he worked at making a second copy of the Requiem from memory.  “How is it coming, Master?”  
“Very well, very well.  Actually I must confess something. This has given me a chance to correct a few errors and make some improvements in the score.”  
“Fancy that,” said his friend.  “But you are always fiddling with your scores.  You have told me that more than once.  You must learn to leave well enough alone.”  
“I suppose, but I do want it to be perfect.”  
They both looked up suddenly. “What on earth is that?” asked Mozart. They were hearing a curious ringing.  
“It sounds like a child’s toy,” said Herr Schack, “but there are no children here.”  
Now the ringing had stopped, and a woman’s voice could be heard saying: “Please leave a message at the sound of the beep.”  
“How totally odd, Bene,” said Mozart.  “And where is she?  This woman?”  
She appears to be sitting in the fauteil,” said his friend.  
“I see no one in that chair,” said Mozart.  “Do you?”  
“No.”  
The phone began to ring a second time, followed by the mysterious voice.  They were both becoming rather frightened.  
“Is it a ghost?” whispered Herr Schack. 
“A ghost that walks by day,” said Mozart.  
“We must deal with it,” said his musician friend.  “It is interrupting your work.”  
He boldly marched up to the chair and quickly surmised that the ringing and the voice were coming from a tiny black object that seemed stuck behind a cushion.  He reached out a hand after the voice stopped and picked it up. “It has numbers all over it,” he said.  “And a tiny picture.”  
The phone began to ring yet again, and he almost dropped it while bobbling it about like a hot potato.  “It vibrates as if it were alive,” he cried.  It seemed to hop out of his hand and sail right into Mozart’s hand.  “Hang on tight to it,” cried Herr Schack, “or it will jump out again.” 
Now they were hearing yet another female voice. “Oh, thank goodness.  I thought you were never going to answer,” cried Carol.  “Thank God, it’s on speaker.”
Mozart was flummoxed.  “Who is this?” he asked. 
“Don’t you recognize me, Herr Mozart?  It’s Carol!” she said.
“But what are you doing inside this little black box?”  
“It’s a very long story.  It has to do with my being 200 years ahead of you.  I don’t quite believe all this myself.”  
“Hurry it up, Carol,” said another voice.  
“Is that Mathew?” asked Mozart.  
“Yes, he’s right next to me.  He says we must hurry because your battery is running out.”  
“Battery?” asked the composer.  
“It’s what runs this device.  Like hay for a horse,” said Mathew speaking up again.  “Listen, Herr Mozart, do you have a pen?  You must write down our address in New York City.” 
“In case you ever decide to visit us,” said Carol. “---in which case you can bring along the Requiem.” 
“Yes, yes,” said Mozart. “I am planning to do exactly that as soon as possible.”  
“Really? That’s wonderful!” shouted Carol. “Mathew said he showed you how to use the talisman.”  
“Yes, I know all that.”
“Now here’s our address,” said Mathew.  “33 West 95 Street in Manhattan.  Be sure to take a taxi to get there.  Otherwise you will get hopelessly lost.  No point in giving you the phone number.  The battery will be dead by then.  In fact, it’s about to go dead now.  Just be sure to bring the cell back to---” The phone had gone dead.  
“I hope he heard that,” said Carol. “What’s he going to do for money?” 
“I’m sure he’s got plenty of ducats,” said Mathew, grinning.  
“Oh, Mathew.  What good are they going to do him?  I can just see him trying to use a ducat to buy a hotdog.”
“There. I am done, Bene.  The Requiem is all copied.  What a nuisance this has been, but now I can make good on my promise.” Mozart riffled the manuscript pages and shook them to make a neat, trim bundle.  He placed it inside a large envelope and wrote Requiem on the outside of it.  
He also signed his name with his usual flamboyant flourish. “I do love my signature,” he said to Constanze.  “It catches the essence of---me.  Don’t you think?”  
“Yes, dear,” she said.  
“Well, I must start on this journey,” he said.  
“Yes, you must, Wolfie,” said his wife. “The sooner gone, the sooner back.”  
“That puts it very well,” said Herr Schack. 
“I won’t start the wiener schnitzel till he returns.  You are invited for dinner, Bene.”  
“Oh thank you, Constanze.  I adore your schnitzels.” 
Mozart began to feel a little nervous, but he was determined to appear as brave as possible—perhaps, even a touch devil-may-care.  “Is my blue shirt a good color?” he asked. “I think the yellow shirt might also look nice.”
“Blue has always looked excellent on you, Master,” said Herr Schack 
“You truly think so?” said Mozart. “You have the talisman ready?”  
“I have no idea where you put it, Master, but you have just signed a fine signature on the manuscript.  Use that.”  
“Shall I sit or shall I stand?” he asked.  
“Stand, I’d say,” said his old friend. “It looks more dignified.” 
“Shall I hold your hand?” asked his wife.  
“Yes, I would like that,” said Mozart.  “My right hand.  Remember, I need the left hand for the talisman.”  
“Of course,” she said.  
Schack suddenly thought of something they had forgotten.
“Americans all speak English,” he said. “How will Wolfgang make himself understood?”  
Constanze had a swift answer.  “His music is a language understood by all men,” she said.  
“Ah, yes,” said Herr Schack. “So, of course, they will understand him when he speaks,”
The man who was Austria’s musical wonder kissed his wife goodbye and grandly swept his left forefinger along his signature.  “By the way, where will I land?  Did anyone tell me?”  
The last thing he heard or almost heard was Herr Schack mouthing the words: “No, they did not.” 
There was a sudden roar of wind and flash of light and a trip through a dark, spiraling tunnel as there had been for Carol and Mathew when they time-travelled.  Mozart found himself easing gently down into the middle of a large room in which two gilded chandeliers hung from overhead fixtures and austere portraits stared down from fabric-hung walls.  Huge, curtained windows looked out on a brightly-hued formal garden.
The setting did not especially impress Mozart.  It looked almost like one of the Austrian Emperor’s drawing rooms, which he had visited many times.  So was he actually in America?  He wasn’t sure.  Perhaps, he was in one of the other European courts.  The King of Prussia’s, perhaps?
On the other hand, the people in the room were unlike any he had ever seen. They were dressed so simply—as though someone had allowed very ordinary people into this Emperor’s palace.  No one wore wigs or pantaloons or satin, and the ladies---he was frankly shocked---all wore dresses cut off above the knee.  Half-naked legs would scandalize the Austrian court though he suspected the Emperor Franz Josef might quite like it.  But the most shocking thing of all was how tall they all were.  He felt like a dwarf.  
He decided he must indeed have landed in America.  He had traveled 200 years into the future so he must accept that times and people had changed.  His own clothes, he realized, must make him seem very out of place.  He was reminded of that by a man dressed in a uniform—some kind of guard he assumed—who came up to him and asked with a frown if he could help him.  
“Unaccompanied children are not permitted in here,” he said.  He took a second look at Mozart and realized he had made a mistake.  “Are you lost, sir?”  
“Well, yes.  Where am I exactly?” asked Mozart. “Whose palace is this?”  
The guard smiled and said he didn’t get asked that very often.  
“No, this is not a palace. This is City Hall in New York City, and you are standing inside one of our newly restored historical rooms.  What is your home town, sir?”  
“Vienna,” said Mozart.  
“What state is that in?” asked the guard.  
“Vienna?  I overheard that,” said a smiley man who had come up to them.  “A lovely city.  I have been there many times.”  
“Yes, sir, Mr. Mayor,” said the guard backing away.  
“Are you the Emperor here?” asked Mozart.  
“Dear me, no.  I am a mere mayor, and mayors are far from being emperors.  I am chosen by the people.  I serve a short time, and, then, it is someone else’s turn.” 
They shared a smile.  What a very eccentric arrangement, thought Mozart, but he decided he better not comment.  A young woman came up to them. “Mr. Mayor, the TV cameras are ready for you.”  
“Thank you, Marylou,” he said.  “I have to stop first in the office and dictate a twitter.  Excuse me, sir.”  He walked rapidly into a nearby office.  
“You seem to know each other,” said Marylou.  
“Well, we do now---a little,” said Mozart smiling. 
“May I have your name?” she asked.  
“Of course.  I’m Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.”  
“That’s a long one,” she said smiling. “I don’t think I know any---Mosarts.  My father knew a playwright named Moss Hart.  A relative, maybe.  He’s calling for me.  Pardon me, sir,” she said and followed the Mayor into his office.  
Mozart was more than a little surprised that a young girl had such a responsible job.  That could never happen in Austria, he thought.  But he found himself disappointed that she not only did not know who he was, she could not pronounce his name properly.  Hadn’t Carol told him that everyone in the 21 century would know him and be in awe of him?  She was clearly mistaken.  
He started to walk through the entrance hall to a set of doors that led outside.  He opened them and stepped out into sunshine so bright it blinded him for a moment.  He realized he would have thought twice about stepping outside if he could have seen properly what was awaiting him.  

• TWENTY •  
He was greeted by a chorus of laughter and applause.  Also, a few hoots.  A phalanx of men and women was standing next to a row of strange black boxes each perched on three legs.  In front of them was a speaker’s rostrum with a gaggle of nasty-looking snake heads pointed at it.
“Who is this wingding?” a cameraman whispered to a colleague.  
“Where’s the Mayor?  Am I supposed to film this guy, too?”  
“Why take a chance, Al.  He might be somebody important. Your news director won’t thank you if you miss it.”  
As for Mozart, he was beginning to love it.  At last, he said to himself, they know who I am.  He waved and bowed. That triggered off more laughter and applause.  
A reporter near the back leaned over to a fellow newsman and said: “You know, this guy looks familiar. The big nose. The big eyes.  Come on, man, help me remember.”  
“Well, it doesn’t make much sense,” said his friend. “But he sure looks a lot like that Austrian composer—what’s his name---Mozart.  You ever see that flick, ‘Amadeus?’”  
“Nah, you’re crazy.  That guy lived a couple of hundred years ago.”  
Suddenly, there was real applause. The Mayor had appeared.  He strode up to the waiting line-up of snake-head microphones.  
“Gentlemen, good to see you,” he said. “I have one statement to make, and, then, I’ll take questions.”  
Mozart was now a nobody again, and he knew it.  Even the Mayor ignored him.  He drifted off the press conference platform and ambled aimlessly through City Hall’s formal gardens, ablaze with daffodils and tulips.  I must get this manuscript to Carol and Mathew, he thought, and this thing she called a cell phone.  He had written down the address on the cover page of the manuscript: 33 West 95 Street.  Where the devil was that? 
He gazed up into the skyscraper-choked sky above City Hall.  What has happened to the world?  Everyone lives in the sky now, he thought.  Where are the trees and shrubbery, the meadows and fens? Is this little park all that’s left of nature here in America?  Have the world’s new inhabitants banished it everywhere else?  
He remembered that Carol had told him to take a taxi to get to her house.  He looked along the curb outside City Hall but saw none.  No horses, no big-wheeled, open cabs waiting, no watering troughs, no nothing.  Just these strange-looking bright yellow vehicles with black letters all over their sides and tiny black wheels.  
As he passed by one, the driver stuck his head out of the front window and said: “Need a ride, guy?”  
“As a matter of fact, I do,” said Mozart.  
“Where ya goin’?”  Mozart showed him the address. “Uh, huh.  Upper West Side.  No problem.  Get in.”  
Then, the composer suddenly remembered: all he had were ducats.  Would the man take them?  He showed him a handful. “What the heck are those?” asked the driver. 
“They’re ducats,” said Mozart.  
“What country is that?”  
“Austria,” said Mozart.  
“I’ve heard of it, but I can’t take ‘em,” he said. “I gotta have bucks.  Real money.  Aint you got any?”  Mozart could only shrug. “Tell you what.  See that bank over there?  Maybe they’ll take ‘em, give you some American money.  Come back to me.  If I’m still here, I’ll take youse wherever.”
Mozart was soon inside the bank lining up at a teller’s window.  After waiting his turn, he shoved several of his ducats under the grille. The teller spent more time staring at him than the ducats. “You will need to wait here,” she said and marched off to show the ducats to a bank officer.  He came into the lobby area outside the teller’s window to talk privately with this customer. 
“Are you aware that this is very old coinage?” he said giving the ducats back to Mozart and guiding him over to his desk. “I mean I have never seen so many ducats at one time.” 
“Well, that’s what I always carry in my pocket,” said Mozart.  
The bank officer seemed very concerned.  “Numismatics is a hobby of mine,” he said, “so I happen to know something about this.  I would say your four-ducat pieces are worth about $1000 dollars apiece.”  He kept looking around him as though he didn’t want anyone to overhear him.  
“Would that be enough for me to hire a taxi to go to the Upper West Side?”  
“Oh, yes, sir.  You could drive to Canada and back for that money--and have plenty left over.”  
“Canada?  Where is that?”
The bank officer looked hard at Mozart. “You’ve led kind of a sheltered life, haven’t you?”  
“I suppose so,” said Mozart. “Concert pianists don’t get out much.  We’re always practicing.  I’m also a composer.”  
“What did you say your name was?”
Mozart had decided he better keep quiet about who he was.  What if someone did recognize him? he wondered.  How could he possibly explain what he was doing here so far from home---as well as 200 years into the future?  He remembered the taxi driver’s name which he saw displayed on a card inside the cab. “Joe Pelligrino,” he said quickly.  
“I hear an accent, but you don’t seem very Italian,” said the bank officer. “Did you get these ducats in Italy?”  
This man was asking way too many questions, thought Mozart. 
“Tell you what,” he said. “Give me a thousand dollars for one of these coins, and I will give you one to keep---as a gift from me for your collection.”  
“Yes, sir! Thank you, sir!” said the bank officer.  He was almost speechless.  No one had ever given him such a generous present in his whole life.  
Mozart plunked two of his ducats down on the desk.  The officer’s hands were trembling as he counted out a thousand dollars in fifties and twenties plus a few tens and fives and handed them over.  Mozart stuffed them into his shirt and fled out of the bank.  Joe, the cab driver, was still waiting at the curb. “Upper West Side please,” said Mozart as he flung himself into the back seat.  
“33 West 95?” said Joe.  
“That’s it, and thank you,” said Mozart.  After a moment, he added: “This is a weird city, Joe.  Very weird indeed.”
“Lots of customers say that,” said Joe, “especially the out-of-towners.”  He whooshed away from the curb, headed for Central Park West. 
Mozart began to doze.  He was almost asleep when he heard music in the distance.  “What’s that?” he asked, never expecting to hear live music in a city full of skyscrapers.  
“Bunch of kids,” said Joe.  
“Let’s stop and listen,” said Mozart.  
“Hey, I’ve got to get back to work, fellah.”
Mozart reached into his shirt and pulled out a couple of hundred-dollar bills and pushed them through the sliding window. “Yeah, good idea, let’s stop and listen,” said Joe happily.  “In fact, you’ve got me till dinner time.  Then, I got to give these wheels to somebody else.”  
Mozart opened the door and stepped onto the sidewalk.  He gazed around him in awe at the soaring trees of Central Park. “Look!” he cried in amazement. “A beautiful forest right in the middle of the city!  Americans do love nature.”
“Do you think he really will visit us?” asked Carol.
“I sure hope so,” said Mathew, “but you know something?  This guy’s no Medal of Honor hero.  He scares easily.  I wonder if he’ll get up the nerve to zoom through two centuries to bring us the Reckie—and your cell.”  
“I’d love to see him again,” she said.  “He’s kind of cute in spite of that garbage dump breath of his.”  
“We need to buy him a toothbrush,” said Mathew, “and a tube of mint gel.”  
They were walking across Central Park on the way to Carol’s house.  A bevy of young kids were dancing together on a green lawn.  One of their parents had the radio on to a rock station that was playing a Taylor Swift song.  “I bet he would have liked her,” said Carol. “It’s his kind of music.  He told me he loves Vienna ‘street music.’”  
They stopped to watch the kids dancing and, then, walked on.  “Wait a minute, Mat.  Wait a minute.”  An incredulous look crossed her face. “It can’t be---”  
“What are you jabbering about, Carol?  Let’s get there.  We’ve still got a ways to walk.”
“Who was that dancing with those kids back there?” 
“I don’t know, the short guy you mean?  Probably somebody’s little brother.”  
Carol stared at him long and hard. “It was Mozart,” she whispered. 
“That’s crazy.” 
“I know it was him!  Come on!”
They both began running back to the grassy meadow where the kids were dancing. They were still at it—but the guy was gone.  Carol grabbed one of the girls by the arm. “Who was that you were dancing with just now?” 
“I don’t know.  Some freaky little guy.  He stopped by and started to dance.”
“Where’d he go?”
She shrugged. “I guess he just went.”
“We’ve got to go home right now, Mathew!” Carol shouted it over her shoulder as she started running. “He must be going straight there to give Dad the manuscript.”

• TWENTY-ONE •
“You looked good out there,” said Joe, after Mozart got back in his taxi.  “I used to dance.  Got too heavy.”  
“I liked that tune,” said Mozart. “I wonder what it was.”  
“Taylor Swift song,” said Joe. “I could hear it from here.”  
“Who is she?  A street singer?”  
“Kind of,” said Joe. 
“I’ve written some songs like that,” said one of the 18th century’s greatest composers.  “I wish I could stay here longer, hear some more of your music.”
“Stick around,” said Joe. “We’ve got lots of songs in America.  Just turn on a radio.”  
“Radio?” Mozart had never heard the word before.  
“It brings music to you right through the air,” said Joe. “You got no radios in Vienna?  I’d die without a radio out here all day.” 
“You mean there’s music all around me inside the air?” asked Mozart.  He was astonished. “What a magical place this country is.”  
“Here I’ll show you.” Joe flipped on his taxi radio.  Before long his passenger was tapping his foot to a rock tune.  
“I never thought of using drums that way,” said Mozart. “How do they do this radio?”  
Joe laughed.  “I have no idea,” he said. “I’m not a techie. They just do it.”  
They arrived at last at 33 West 95 Street.  Mozart grasped his arm through the sliding window. “I like you, Joe.  Can I take you back with me to Vienna?  And can you bring your radio?” 
Joe guffawed loudly. “Not a chance, man.  I got a wife and my mom at home.  They’d never let go of me.  Anyway, I need the bucks I get from this.  Tell you what, here’s my phone number.”  He gave Mozart a calling card.  “Call me any time.  See, that’s our name:  ‘Always Ready.’  I’ll take you to California if that’s where you want to go---a good payer like you.”  He shook his passenger’s hand. “What’d you say your name was?”  
“Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.”  
“That’s some mouthful, Wolfie.  I’d have to say that a bunch of times to get it right.”  
Mozart got out of the taxi with the manuscript envelope held tight against him.  He looked at the taxi driver a long moment. “I like your America, too.  Goodbye, Joe.”  He knew he would probably never see him again.  
This part of West 95th Street was a block full of four-story houses with stoops that allowed you to walk up and enter at the second floor directly.  None of it looked familiar to Mozart.  Vienna houses were so different.  These were all built out of a strange chocolatey stone that did not exist in Austria, and each one looked like all the others.  
Mozart walked up the stoop and pushed on a small white button that said Dr. George Pindler under it.  It had to be Carol’s dad, the doctor who loved music.  It rang a bell deep inside the house.  Carol’s father also had his name engraved on a shiny brass plate attached to the front door.  
“Are Carol and Mathew there?” asked Mozart when someone opened the door.  It was a young girl who kept smiling and smiling.  All the girls in this land smile a lot, he said to himself.  
“They’re not here right now.” she said.  
He hesitated.  “Can I wait for them?” he asked.  
“Of course,” she said.  She led Mozart into the reception area and told him to take a seat.  After a moment, he got up to go to the front desk.  “I need to go to the---”  He paused because he didn’t know what word they used for it in America---but the girl at the desk immediately understood.  
“You want  the men’s room,” she said smiling. “It’s just over there.”  She pointed to the other end of the reception area.  He nodded.  There were several doors, but he couldn’t tell which one hid the place to take a pee.  One was partially open so he chose that.  
It seemed oddly enough to be part of the wall paneling, but there was no question it was a door, almost a secret door.  Pushing it open he found himself climbing a stairway.  Now he was in what seemed to be a library. There were books everywhere on shelves that lined the walls.  He was rather surprised to find a sign on one of the shelves that said “Mozart.”  
“So many books,” he murmured to himself.  “Are they all about me?”
There was also a shelf that held only opera librettos.  He grinned when he saw that they had already put his Clemenza di Tito libretto in the bookcase.  Well, now Carol’s father will have the Requiem as well, he thought.  
Suddenly, he heard a door close in the distance and footsteps approaching.  Something told him this was not Carol or Mathew, and he needed to hide the Requiem manuscript.  Moving quickly to the doctor’s desk, he opened an empty bottom drawer, dropped it in and closed it.  
A woman appeared through a doorway.  She seemed as startled as he was.  “What are you doing here?” she asked.  
“I think I am lost,” he said, trying to smile.  
“You certainly are,” she said.  She looked at him strangely as if she half-recognized him but also half-thought he was an oddly dressed, under-sized intruder with a foreign accent---perhaps, a thief.  “Why were you rummaging through the doctor’s desk?” she said.
“Believe me, madame, I was not.”
“You are in Dr. Pindler’s private apartment.”  
“Forgive me, I had no idea—”
“Well, do you have an appointment with him?”  
He quickly realized he’d better bend the truth a little and say yes.  
“I will take you downstairs,” said Mrs. Pindler.  She was thinking two things at once: wondering who this peculiar person was whom she almost remembered but couldn’t quite and scolding her husband in her head for still not having put a lock on the door that led into their apartment.  Once in the office, Mrs. Pindler moved quickly to the front desk. 
“What is your name?” she asked, opening the doctor’s appointment book.  
“Pelligrino,” he said quietly. He knew that name was not in the appointment book, but maybe Carol and Mathew would arrive while she searched, and they would straighten everything out.  
Not finding the name, she gave him another frowning look and whispered some unheard instructions to the receptionist who turned away to make a phone call.  
A few minutes later he saw the outside door to the doctor’s office open, but it was not Carol and Mathew who walked through it. Instead, a man in a navy blue uniform with lots of gold buttons on it strode through it and up to the receptionist’s desk.  Another guard, Mozart said to himself.  They have a lot of guards in America.  He became very uneasy, and something told him to write a note.  He did so on the front page of one of Dr. Pindler’s out-of-date fan magazines.  He signed it with his usual dashing flourish even as Mrs. Pindler beckoned to him to come up to the desk.  He took the magazine with him.
Still running, Carol and Mathew rounded the corner of West 95th Street from Central Park West and rushed down the block toward #33.  Mathew was now alongside her.  
“I don’t know what you’re in such a hurry about,” he cried. 
“What if Dad has a patient and what if Mozart gets there ahead of us?” she panted out.  “And what if Mom’s on the desk today?  All she knows is Broadway show tunes.” 
“Okay, I get it,” said Mathew. “She won’t recognize him.  She’ll think he’s an intruder and call the cops.”
  Which is exactly what she’d done.  
  
“What seems to be the problem here, ladies?” asked the officer.  
“I caught this man rummaging around in our apartment,” said Mrs. Pindler.
“But this is a doctor’s office,” said the cop.  
“It has an access to our apartment,” said Mrs. Pindler.  
“Not very safe,” said the officer.  
“That may be,” she said, obviously embarrassed. “I believe he may have stolen something.”  
“Well, let’s check him out.”  The cop began to pat Mozart down.  
“Where’d you get a rig like this?” he asked him.  “Kind of early in the day for a costume party.”
Mozart couldn’t suppress a giggle.  What could he say---except to point out that this is how people dress in 18th century Austria.  So he didn’t say anything. 
“I don’t think you’ve got much to giggle about, Mister,” said the officer.  “You’re kind of whiffy, too.  None of these guys like to bathe,” he said in an aside to Mrs. Pindler.  He found Mozart’s cache of ducats. “What’s all this?” he asked. “Never saw money like this before.”
“They’re ducats,” said Mozart. “From Vienna.”
The officer had never heard of ducats or Vienna. “These yours?” he asked Mrs. Pindler.  She shook her head.
“Probably stolen.  I better take him in and book him.  Make him take a shower, too.”  
“When will Carol and Mathew be here?” asked history’s most accomplished musical genius, his voice now small and plaintive.  
“How can riff raff like this possibly know my daughter Carol?” she wanted to know.  It was easier to believe that someone like Mathew might know him.
Mozart had decided he couldn’t wait any longer for Carol and Mathew. Things were getting extremely out of hand.  He slowly ran his left forefinger across the signature on the note he had written for Carol and Mathew on the front of the fan magazine.  He dropped the magazine on the receptionist’s desk.  
At that moment the door to Dr. Pindler’s office flew open, and Carol and Mathew raced through it into the reception area. 
“Wait!” screamed Carol. “Wa-a-a-it!”  
All eyes turned to her.  She saw Mozart wave and blow her a kiss goodbye.  He held her cell phone aloft so she could see him put it down on the receptionist’s desk.  When her mom and the officer turned back to where he had been standing, he was gone.  
Carol collapsed into a chair.  “Oh, Mathew, we missed him.  We missed him.  And he probably took the Requiem back with him.”  She began to weep uncontrollably.  
“Don’t cry---please,” said Mathew. He had become completely distraught himself.  He was so used to Carol being equal to whatever most of the time that he didn’t know how to handle her coming unhinged.  He wanted to reach out to her and make it all better though he knew he couldn’t bring Mozart back.  Seeing her so distressed suddenly made him feel very close to her, closer than he ever had before.  It was an unfamiliar feeling, but it felt really good.  Quick, make her laugh, he told himself.  
“At least he left us your cell phone,” he said. “What do you think they’re going to charge for that 200-year phone call?” 
It did make her laugh.  She looked at him tenderly. “Oh, Mathew, you always do see the crazy side of things.”  That was just one more thing she liked about him.  
The officer was absolutely bamboozled by what had taken place—or maybe hadn’t taken place. “Well, I never saw anything like it,” he said. “I’m not sure it even happened.  This guy was here, and now he isn’t here.’  He took off his policeman’s hat, rubbed the sleeve of his coat across the medallion as though buffing it and put it back on. 
“I think officer,” said Mrs. Pindler, “this is something none of us saw happen.  It was just our imaginations---but thank you for coming by.”  
“I completely agree with you, Mam. We imagined ii, and the sooner we forget all about it the better.”  He tapped the brim of his hat with his forefinger. “Always glad to be of service,” he said and headed for the front door. 
The receptionist had picked up the fan magazine and read Mozart’s note on the cover.  “Hey, Carol and Mathew. There’s a note on here with your names on it.  I think this fellow may have written it.”  She handed it to Carol.
Dear Carol and Mathew, 
I’m sorry I missed you.  New York is an amazing place.  I’m glad I had a chance to see it, but I think I prefer Vienna.  It’s time for me to go. You two were wonderful.  Be sure to look in the doctor’s desk.  
He had signed it with his usual over-the-top signature.  Carol started crying all over again. “It’s all right, Mathew.  I’m crying because it’s all right.  Everything’s all right.  He didn’t forget a single thing, and he came all this way.  What a sweet man.  I think I know what’s in that desk,” she said smiling as she ran ahead of him to the secret door that led up to her dad’s library.
Mathew stayed behind just long enough to say to Mrs. Pindler:  “You know who that was, don’t you?”  
She nodded. “I figured it out, but I wasn’t about to tell that police officer.  I’m sorry, Mathew,” she said haltingly.  “I really messed things up today.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “Why don’t you go and get Dr. Pindler?  He’ll sure want to be here when we come back downstairs.”  He dashed off to join Carol.  
THE END 

FEENA
“Scientists know very little about the universe. 
Almost anything is possible.”  
I need to tell you about Feena.  Please pay close attention.  A version of her story might be your story some day if you’re a girl—or your sister’s story if you’re a guy—or the story of a friend of yours.  It’s a curious tale, strange, you might say, but remember: the universe is a vast place.  Scientists know very little about it.  Almost anything is possible, they tell us.  Absolutely anything.  Did this really happen?  Or will it happen?  You must judge for yourself.  I am only the storyteller.  
  We are floating at this time above a small planet called Earth located in The Solar System.  The Solar System?  Doesn’t it have a more formal name than that?  No, it does not.  Earthlings refer to it as “The Solar System” as though it were the only one in the universe.  It is not---as the humans in this story have found out to their profound chagrin.  Can you imagine the scene?  You can if you try.  It’s long ago, or maybe it’s not so long ago.  Or maybe it’s the opposite direction--like far off in the future.  Whatever you wish.  But the feel of it is now.  To your mind and mine it has the urgency of right this minute. 
  It’s a lovely day.  The sun shines eagerly bright.  The twin moons have just risen, one a bit larger and more ghostly than the other, both about three-quarters full.  Yes, at this moment in Earth’s history there are two moons, what seem like two moons.  We are sinking down, down into a cover of fleece-thick clouds that hangs over the South Pacific.  It’s no longer a nice day.  The sun is gone, and it’s raining wildly.  There is a whack of thunder.  Wow, look at that lightning.  Except no, it’s not thunder we are hearing or lightning we are seeing.  We are in the midst of a crazed battle.  We see muzzle flashes, and we hear shells exploding.  Are they shooting at us?  Very probably.  Could we get shot out of the sky?  Possibly.  But we have to take our chances and go in.  You need to meet Feena.  Sweet, dear, conflicted Feena.
I am zooming you in now, way in--heading for a deep-in closeup.  
We’re below the clouds, racing toward a smidge of an island—one of hundreds scattered around the area.  An explosion of light and noise wipes out our view of everything in front of us.  It rocks and shakes us.  Briefly we are inside a grizzled black cloud before it wafts away on the wind.  It was a near miss, but we are okay.  
Now we are crouched in the brownish-gray sand alongside Feena, looking into her face.  She has been crying.  Her hair is a scraggled mess.  Her clothes are torn, and she is smudged with dirt and blood.  We also notice something else.  She is quite young and overpoweringly beautiful.  She has an almost beyond perfect face.  Next to her is her brother Gailus, a young man slightly older than she is.  They both carry strange, rifle-like weapons that fire long, sleek explosive shells—quite unlike anything you or I have ever seen in the endless wars we like to watch on our TV screens and game consoles.  He shouts at her.  “Go under, Feena!  They’re too strong for us.”  He heads for a small, dark opening in a wall of coral rock just beyond us, one of many such openings on the island.
“I can’t,” she cries.  “Uncle Jebba’s down.”  She scurries across a palm-fringed clearing to an older man lying on the ground.  He is horribly wounded.  One leg has been blown off his body but is nowhere to be seen.
“Feena,” he gasps.  “Leave me.  It’s over.  Go under with Gailus.  He will need you.”  Another shell burst goes off in the clearing.  They cringe instinctively.  “Please, Feena.”  She leans down and fervently kisses his face. “I will miss you,” he says. 
 “I miss you right now, Uncle Jebba,” she whispers.  
 “One last thing,” he says. “Remember me with this—and the others we’ve lost.”  He takes a thin leather thong from around his neck and puts it around hers.  From it dangles a tiny gnarly lump of gold in which an embedded emerald shimmers faintly. “It has a wish for you inside it,” he whispers.  “Keep it safe.”  
“I promise,” she says.  She runs back across the clearing just as another explosion goes off behind her.  She is knocked to the ground.  Looking back she sees her uncle is no longer there.  She dodges into the cave opening her brother entered.  Swooping downward along a misty, rocky passage through the coral she comes to a chamber in which her brother and others are crouched. 
“Where’s Jebba?” he asks, his face seamed with urgency.  He is as smeared with the grime of battle as she is.  
 She hesitates. “Vaporized,” she says softly.  Everyone is silent. Jebba was highly respected and beloved.
“It’s hopeless,” says Gailus. “They overwhelm us every time we try to fight back.”  
  “All we can do is hide and wait,” says one of the others.  
  “Wait for what?” asks another.  
Feena frowns and looks tensely from face to face.  “Wait--and hope,” she says. 
Have you noticed something about Feena, her brother and her friends?  They are young humans, still in their teens.  Who are their enemies?  `We haven’t met up with any of them yet.  And why do these enemies want to kill them?  It sounds like a war their foes have already won so why are they still trying to kill them?  
One of the others asks a question no one else wants to ask. 
“Was all of Jebba vaporized?”  They look at Feena.  
She doesn’t want to answer, but she whispers: “No, he was missing his left leg.”  
“We need to find it,” says Gailus---before they do.  You know what they’ll do if they find it first.”  They all look stricken, but no one volunteers to find the leg.  Then, Gailus says he will do it. 
 “Be careful,” says his sister quietly. “They’re out there—searching for us, waiting for us.”  
“I will have a surprise for them,” he says, as he takes his rifle along with him.  He edges up to the entrance of the cave, peers cautiously out towards the clearing and, seeing no one, slowly emerges.  He can see where the blast that vaporized his uncle occurred from the large, black fire marks streaked on the ground.  He methodically begins to scour through the underbrush for his uncle’s limb—so he can bury it.  Suddenly, he hears movement---as though someone is rummaging in the shrubbery across from him.  He carefully positions his weapon on his shoulder and waits for the searcher to appear.  When he does so, he realizes it is one of the enemy attackers.  His face is humanoid, impassive and seems unthreatening.  Unlike the other soldiers he is unarmed, but Gailus knows he must take him out.  He aims, fires, and the shell explodes.  “Got him.”  He says it soundlessly.  
He sees that more soldiers are crowding toward the area, attracted by the explosion.  He must save himself so he races back to the cave opening and disappears into it.  He has not found his uncle’s leg.
It’s time for you to meet the humans’ enemy--but they are not what you might expect.  Like the soldier Gailus shot, they all look like humans---though, in fact, they are not.  A tall, imposing soldier in a close-fitting camouflage uniform kneels beside Uncle Jebba’s bloodied leg.  His human face is without expression.  His flame-colored crewcut is hairbrush-short.  
He seems to smile ever so slightly.  “The Commander will be happy when we give him this,” he says to his adjutant, the dark, squat assistant standing beside him. “The humans rarely let us find body parts.”  He looks around him as soldiers who look like him and are dressed like him fill the clearing.  “We have won again,” he says to them.  “We have no captives this time and just one kill--but we are unscathed.  That will please him.”  He looks again at the leg.  “You may live again, Uncle Jebba.”  Once more, the faint smile.  “But you will not be the same.”
How does he know that?  How does he know he may live again?  And how does he know his name?  And another puzzler: why does he speak English in such an oddly monotonous way?  
  The adjutant speaks: “We are not unscathed, Captain.”  It is hard to tell his voice apart from the Captain’s. “They have erased one of us---the observer who accompanied us on this mission.” 
“The useless one,” says the Captain.  He shows no emotion.  “We have his body but not his head,” says the adjutant.
“Now he is more useless than ever,” says the Captain.  “Probably beyond repair.  We will dispose of the body at sea so the humans are not able to retrieve it.  This is in keeping with the commander’s orders.”
From the entrance to the cave, Feena and Gailus watch the fleet of rocket digi-planes take off and return to BraZilia, the invaders’ home base in South America.  “Back to normal for a while,” he says.  
“Why do they keep coming?” she asks. “They won long ago.  What more can they want?”  She answers her own question. “Maybe they just want to exterminate us completely.”  
“I doubt if they will ever exterminate us,” he says. “I think they enjoy hunting us.  When we ruled Earth, we were the same.  We killed off the wolves and the leopards and the bears—but spared just enough to fill our zoos and entertain our hunters.”
What Feena refers to is the great war the humans lost when Earth was invaded by a tribe of beings from a planet in the faraway galaxy of Zyllaton.  Earthlings thought it could never happen because they believed Earth and its life forms were surely unique.  They felt no need to avoid the prying eyes of the universe.  So they never tried to protect themselves from the far distant sensors of other civilizations.  But remote minds even more sophisticated than human minds wanted to know if intelligent life existed elsewhere, especially life they could vanquish and dominate. Their long-range seeing discovered Earth, and they forthwith desired it.  Next, they travelled across a thousand light-years, overwhelmed the Earthlings and thinned out what they saw as their unnecessary billions. 
The remaining humans retreated to hiding places like the uncountable islands of the South Pacific and their endless coral caves.  The invaders’ commander, the one the visitors left behind to monitor the Earth and keep control, took a liking to an abandoned, fantasmal city concocted by the humans in the wilds of Brazil.  He found its logic and ice-like architecture highly appealing.  Also, its name, Brasilia.  He made it his headquarters, and to emphasize the “Z” he renamed it BraZilia. 
 As the black rockets slice through the warm skies off South America, a mysterious parcel drops from one of them down, down into the ocean beneath.  A white plume of surf marks where it enters the water—and is gone.
 Now it’s time for you to meet the enemy commander.  From now on we refer to him with a capital “C.”  He is the humans’ chief enemy and also likes to be called the Supreme One.  He awaits the Captain in his study.  The space is not grand by classical imperial standards.  Caesar would have demanded more ego ornamentation---a marble covey of pedestaled, thick-pectoraled heroes with swords raised or forefingers pointing to victory. The walls are blanketed with a pinkish-yellow leather.  It is oddly reminiscent of something.  You may want to make a guess about that.  There are also several hairy hangings of dark wolverine skins fiercely splayed on the walls—the Commander’s favorite Earthen animal, even though at this time, having been hunted out, there are none left on the planet.  
  We cannot be sure of his age, but the commander is slab-bodied and powerful, is much shorter than his underling, the Captain, and appears to be somewhat more creature-like, you might say, than humanoid.  He wears a simple gray tunic topped by a curious red skull cap.  He sports a stringy goatee.  He also has a constant frown that digs down deeply between his large, somewhat bulgent eyes.  He erases it briefly to give a smiling greeting to the Captain.  
“Good to see you, Captain.  Tell me how it went.”
“We vaporized a human we think was one of their leaders.  We did save his left leg.”
“Really?  Well done.  We should be able to put that to good use.  How many more of them are holed up out there, would you say?” 
“A few thousand at most.”
“A sad shadow of what they were--but enough for some future target practice.”  Another quick grin.  
The Captain seems to pause before adding one more piece of information.  He is still standing.  He has not been invited to sit down.  No one is ever invited to sit down in the Supreme One’s presence.
“You should be told that we did suffer one casualty.”
“Bound to happen on a raid.  One of your soldiers?”
The Captain hesitates again.  “No, it was—the observer.”
The Commander’s face seems to freeze.  
“He had the habit of wandering off.  We couldn’t---”
The Commander has become curt and very tense.
“You sure it was him?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And the body?”
“We disposed of it at sea.” 
The Captain’s adjutant leans forward and speaks softly but audibly. “Except, Captain—to remind you.  We do not have the head.  All we had was the body.”
“What!!”  The Supreme One seems almost to catch fire and burn. “You don’t have the head?” 
“No, sir,” says the Captain. 
The Commander tries hard to contain his fracturing anger.
“This is the most impossible act of incompetence I ever heard of!”  He exudes an edge of froth along the brute line of his mouth.  “The head is what matters.  It’s all that matters.”  He stands for a long wildfire moment staring at this contemptible subordinate.  In a low threatening voice he says: “You will instantly return to the South Pacific and retrieve it.  Or I warn you, Captain: this will be the end of your career--or something infinitely worse.”
“Yes, sir.  Instantly.”  He and his adjutant bow, turn sharply about and march in lock step out of the room.  
As they hurry down a hallway, the adjutant is almost quaking.  He says: “I can’t believe what I just heard.  A man with your record and reputation.”
“He meant every word of it.”
“What could be so important about a man’s head?  Especially a man as useless as that?”
“I can only think of one possibility,” says the Captain. “His head contained something it probably shouldn’t have, and the Commander wants it back.”
The adjutant is whispering now.  “Are you referring to the---?”  He silently mouths a single word.  
“All matons contain bits of the Code,” says the Captain in a low voice.  “This individual might have had more of it than the rest of us.  Yes, he was useless in the field, but I knew there was something about him.  Some special capability--the real reason he was sent along on our mission.”
The Commander is alone again.  He seems to have forgotten for the moment about the Captain.  He stands at the vast windows of his soaring office watching something.  Is it the slow sky-crossing of the twin moons?  He picks up a small telescope and peers at them a while longer.  What is he thinking?  We will know soon enough.  
We are back with Feena and her brother. They are relaxing with the others on an island beach. The enemy is gone, and it is no longer raining.  All present have washed away the grime of battle, and Feena is back to her customary, flower-like radiance. The sun shines tepidly in a damp sky while they play a pickup game of soccer. The twin moons are about to set in synchrony on the opposite side of the earth.  As she twists and turns about the beach, we can see she is ballet-graceful and skilled. We can also see Feena’s body is as beautiful as her face.  
“I guess we’re safe enough for now,” says Gailus. “They must be back at their headquarters boasting to the Commander about how they devastated us again, about the valuable training it provided their soldiers.”  He gives the soccer ball a vicious kick, and it sails far into the shrubbery.  Feena chases after it.  Suddenly, there’s a stifled whimper.  Gailus can tell she has found something unpleasant and runs into the bushes after her.
“What is it, Feena?”  He calls to her, but there’s no answer. 
He finds her down on her knees in a clearing.  She looks up at him, obviously distraught.  On the ground in front of her, partly immured in the sand, is a man’s head.  It is no ordinary head.  It looks like a human head, a handsome one, but it does not bleed.  Protruding from its neck are the frayed ends of tangled wiring.  
Gailus whistles a low whistle and drops to his knees beside her.  “I’ve always suspected this,” he says.  “But they remove their dead and wounded too quickly for us to see wounds like this one.”  He thinks back.  “At first it seemed like they’d brought all these soldiers with them on their rockets.  Yet, even when we destroyed so many of them, they always replaced them quickly.”  He shakes his head as he looks at Feena.  “This is why they always take their wounded with them.  They don’t want us to know.”  
“Know what?” she says.  “We rescue our wounded, too.”
“That’s so we can nurse them and try to save them,” he says.  
“They rescue their wounded and dead so they can reuse them.”  Understanding dawns on her.  “You mean so they can fabricate new soldiers---create their ‘matons,’” she says.  She is silent for a few moments.  It seems to shock her.  “It’s why, when they die,” she says, “they don’t bleed, they don’t cry out.”  
He says quietly: “They just---die. They’re not mindlessly brave, Feena.  Matons imitate life, but they don’t have life.”
She hears a faint voice.  “Who’s that?” she says looking around her.  
Gailus can hear it, too.  “I thought we were all out here together playing soccer.  Must be a visitor from one of the other islands.”
“Hello!” she shouts and jumps up, but no one shouts back.
She runs out to the beach and peers along it to where it disappears from sight.  She sees no visitor’s boat pulled up on the sand. The voice is now calling her name.  Strangest of all, it seems to be right next to her—no, not next to her but inside her brain.  She walks back to the place where Gailus is still standing by the man’s head in the sand.  It seems to be motionless, but it also seems to be looking right at her.  It’s decidedly eerie.  
She finds herself asking aloud:  “Is that head staring at me?”  
A voice answers her, again inside her head. “You don’t have to say it aloud, Feena.  I can hear you perfectly well if you just think it.”  
There’s a pause.  “Yes, I can also see you.”  
“Oh, Gailus, I can’t stand this,” she says and runs to her brother’s side.
“I can hear him, too,” he says--and, then, he bursts out laughing. “This can’t be true, Feena, but it is.” 
Incredibly, as they both stare at it, the severed head appears just barely to smile at them.  
We are back in the Commander’s headquarters.  Do you recognize it, the one you crafted in your imagination?  You were given a few hints back there—but you were left to imagine it for yourself.  It is a vast space with cavernous windows that take in the entire sky.  A map of the whole world sweeps out across the curved ceiling.  A galaxy of points of light spears downward from pockets sunk into the map—like deer tracks on a beach. The Commander is watching the double moons again through a telescope now set up on a tripod.  After a while he starts pacing around.  He’s obviously worried.  
“What is it, Commander?  I’ve never seen you so distracted.”  This remark comes from a personage you haven’t met yet--- a creature that appears to be neither robot-like nor humanoid.  In fact, it seems to be completely out of place in the Commander’s office.  Bright yellow and impudently incongruous, it is sitting on the edge of the Commander’s desk.  It has permission to do that?
It looks very much like one of those tall, inflated stove-pipe freaks with a painted face, a topknot of flappity hair and two crazily flip flop arms that you see outside car washes and gas stations---put there to catch the eye of passing motorists.  A blower fills them with air so they jerk and snap and wag their arms.  We can see that the Commander is rather fond of it.  Oddest of all, he appears to listen to its advice. 
“I’m worried about that head,” says the Commander.  
“Worried about who might get hold of it?  Who cares?” says the stove-pipe man in its high, nasal voice. “What’s the use of a head without a body to do what it says?”  
“I made a mistake,” says the Commander.  
“Made a mistake?” says the car wash thing.  It lets go a short, sharp giggle. “I thought it was impossible for the Commander to ever make a mistake.”  
“That admission must never leave this room,” says the Supreme One sternly. “Or my anger will be titanic.”  
“Of course,” says the creature.  
“Remember, I can destroy you in a millisecond.  You live by my whim.”
“Of course, I remember,” it says in a contrite voice.  
“The fact that I allow you talk to me at all is a secret.”  
“Your secret is safe, Supreme One.”  The Commander seems mollified. The stove-pipe ghoul tosses and yanks for a moment.  Then, it asks: “What’s the mistake?”  
“It’s none of your business.”
“Come on, Commander, am I your advisor or not?”  
There is a long hesitation.  Finally, he says:  “It has the Code in its head.  A piece of it.”  The Commander pulls off his skullcap and runs a wavering hand through his animal-like hair.  “All right, I admit it.  It has the whole Code.” 
“That was not cool, Commander.”  
“I know, I know.  I couldn’t think of any other place to hide it.  
Some jerk barged in here without warning, and I had to hide it somewhere—quickly.  Hiding it in a maton’s head seemed safe enough.” 
“But what if this maton figures out a way to access some of the Code?  Maybe all of it?  The Code has vast capabilities.”  The cartoon figure takes on a very shadowy tone.  “What if this maton figures out a way to--”  
“Don’t say it!” cries the Commander, as though just saying it, whatever it is, could make it happen.  
“I won’t,” says the jouncing puppet. There’s a silence. “I’ve changed my mind, it says. “I will say it.  What if it comes up with a way to—”  
“I said no!  Don’t say it!” The Supreme One is shouting. 
The car wash balloon’s voice changes to a whisper.  “What about the Zyllaton Visitors?  What if they discover that you’ve hidden the Code in this head?” 
The Commander seems to cringe and crumple.
We are back on Feena’s and Gailus’s island just as they realize the head is talking to them telepathically.  Apparently there is no need for them to talk out loud at all.  “How are we going to get you back your body?” asks Feena silently.  “You still seem to be sort of alive.”
“You probably can’t,” says the head.  
“By the way,” says Gailus, “you’re a maton, aren’t you?”  He says it out loud.  “It’s too weird to talk—but not talk,” he tells Feena.
“Either way’s fine,” says the head.  “Yes, I’m mostly alive.”
“Mostly?” Gailus laughs. “I wonder what it would be like to be mostly human.”  
“You humans are like time-pieces.  You’re either on or you’re off—alive or dead.  Matons are always in between.”  
“What’s your name?” asks Feena.
“Jome is what they call me.” 
“Jome.  What a pretty name,” she says.  
“I suppose it is,” he says. “I never really thought about it.  She’s your sister, I guess,” he says to Gailus.  
“How did you know?”
“If she weren’t, you’d be as melted by her as I am.”
“Thank you,” she says.  It felt so odd, she tells Gailus later, to be flirted with by a head without a body that can’t even talk out loud---or be fully alive.  
“What do you want us to do with you?” asks her brother. “We can’t just throw you away.  Do you need to be fed?”
The head laughs.  “No, our kind don’t need food.”  It frowns and becomes very serious. “They may come after me.  I have the Commander’s Code inside my head.  He knows that.  He may be afraid I’ll find a way to access it or give it to someone.”  
“What exactly is the Code?” asks Feena.  
Jome hesitates before telling her.  “It’s something the Commander and the Visitors devised long ago on the planet they come from.  Pieces of it are in all the matons, and it runs all the matons---the soldiers and me.  Except in my case I also have the Two Imperatives.”  
“Wow,” says Feena.  
“Wow. You have such a sweet way of saying that,” says the head.  
“I don’t know why,” she says.  “It’s only a word.  It just comes out that way.”  She’s not used to all the compliments.  
“You’re different from the other matons,” says Gailus.  
“Yes, I think I am,” he says.
“Not just because you don’t have a body,” says Gailus.  “Something inside you is different.”  
“Definitely,” says Feena.
Everyone is quiet for a while.  “What’s with the Two Imperatives?” asks Gailus suddenly. “What are they?”
“The Code lets me have two,” says Jome.  “That’s the main reason I’m different.  The other matons have none.  That’s because I’m trusted with special assignments.”  He is still talking inside their heads.  “One Imperative allows me to redo a piece of history, run it by a second time, make changes.  The second Imperative lets me teleport people instantly from here to anywhere.  But I’m only allowed to use each Imperative once.”
“Maybe they think you might use them too often,” says Gailus with a smile.
“Instead of solving problems on your own,” says Feena.  “Like we have to.  Your imperatives sound an awful lot like wishes.”
“Wishes?  Sounds like one of those strange human words.”
“Well, two imperatives is two more than we get,” says Gailus. “They sound powerful.” 
“They don’t even come close to the power you humans have.” “Really?’  
“You humans are able to—well, I’m not allowed to say it.  I might---”  
“Explode?”  Feena laughs a tinkly laugh. “You expect me to believe that?”  Jome smiles faintly but does not reply.  “Let me guess what our human power is,” says Feena. 
“No, don’t try,” he says.  “It’s what the Commander fears most. It’s a power that also lurks deep inside all of us matons.  But it’s supposed to be beyond our reach.  He wants to keep it that way.  He wants to keep total control.”  
“How do you mean?” asks Feena.  
“It’s because each of us matons has been made partly from the DNA of humans or other matons killed in battle.  I probably shouldn’t be saying even this much,” he says, “but it’s hard to say no to you Feena.”  He looks at her tenderly. “Very hard.  We matons seem human, look human, but, of course, we’re not.  We’re devices.” 
“I can’t believe you’re just a device, Jome,” she says.
“I am.  Except on rare occasions, one of us does---feel something.  There—I’ve almost said it.” “You mean like an emotion?”  
“Yes.” 
“You mean like anger?”  
“Yes.” 
She pauses.  She tries out another word, her voice turning up, question-like. “Fear?” 
“Yes.”  
She pauses even longer.  “Hope?”
“Yes.”  Now she pauses for a really long moment.  “Love?” she says shyly.
“You said it, not me.  I’m not allowed.”  Jome’s head is looking right at her. Then, he smiles gently.  “We’re not supposed to feel any of those things.” 
“What’s the Commander afraid of?” asks Gailus.  
Jome pauses, then, says: “Maybe he’s afraid we matons might join the remaining humans and rebel.” 
“Rebel?  That’s funny,” says Gailus.  “How are you going to rebel?  The Commander monitors his matons’ every move.  You said as much yourself.”  He laughs. 
“Come on, Gailus,” she says, “we’re talking feelings here, not war.  Why can’t Jome just let himself—break out?  Feel whatever he wants?”  
Jome hesitates. “It’s called---I hardly dare say it,” he says.  “But to have feelings means to become suddenly---human.”  He whispers the last word.  “To act human is absolutely not permitted for any of us anywhere.” 
“The hell with the Commander,” she cries.  “Let go.  I know you can.  You’re almost doing it now.”  On an impulse she leans down and kisses him on the head. “There!  I, Feena, bestow humanity upon you!”  
Jome seems to stare and stare at Feena.  “Your sister,” he says, “overwhelms me.”  He turns his eyes to Gailus and his stare turns to a smile. “Does what I’m feeling inside me ever happen this quickly between humans?” he asks quietly.
“Oh, yes,” says Gailus grinning. “If you’re human, it happens a lot.  Just enjoy it.  Even though, I guess there’s not too much you can do about it.”
“I think I feel like dancing,” says Jome.  “If only I could.”
Of course, that is the one thing he could never do if he did have a body.  I’m talking about the carefree human moments the Commander will never let any of his matons have if he can help it.  He stands sternly now at the vast window in his command post and peers into the engulfing distance.  He sends a mind message to the Captain who is on his way to the South Pacific aboard a digi-plane.  He turns and points to a dot of an island without a name on his ceiling map in the far reaches of that endless ocean, points and snaps: “There!” 
Now he picks up his telescope and squints again at the twin moons.  One is definitely a little larger than the other.  Does it seem larger than before?  It might be, but he’s not sure.  Its surface as seen through the telescope seems moon-like but is curiously different from the other smaller moon.  No mountains, no craters--and tannish in color. 
“That’s because it’s not really a moon,” says the stove-pipe creature reading his mind.
“I’ve been thinking the same thing,” says the Commander.  “So what is it?”  
“Shall I tell you?”  
“Do you know?”
“Of course, I know.”  
Then, the Commander seems to have a flash of understanding.  “It’s an asteroid, isn’t it?”  
“Yes,” says the cartoon freak with a twist and a snap.  
“It’s not really a moon at all,” says the Commander. “It’s not being held in an orbit by the sun’s gravity or ours.  It’s floating free in space---like it’s free of gravity--but how can it do that?  Gravity clutches at everything.  And why does it choose to hang out next to our moon?”  
But you and I know the reason.  The asteroid floats free simply because it can.  The universe is unfathomable even to science.  It follows its own ways.  Absolutely anything is possible.  Anything.
The Commander frowns and muses.  A thought comes to him that brings on his usual deep frown.  “Do you think it might collide with the Earth some day?’  
“Maybe,” says the puppet man.
“Does it look bigger than the moon because it is bigger?” the Commander wonders.  There’s a silence. 
“Or is it because it’s coming closer and closer to us?” says the car wash guy.  It leans way over toward the Commander so it almost forms a right angle, practically touching him. “What do you think, Commander?  Would you say it’s heading right for us?  What will happen?  Will it bang into us and explode and destroy us?”  The roadside phantom laughs maniacally. 
“You’re upsetting me.  Sometimes you just try to be hateful,” says the Supreme One.  But the idea worries him.  He bites savagely at his lip.  
Gailus and Feena are still talking to Jome as they lie on the beach that girdles their South Pacific isle when they hear the approach of the digi-plane.  In a few moments its dark shadow coasts up from the eastern horizon.  
“Run, Feena!  Run, Gailus!” cries Jome. “Run to your cave!  He’s found us.  Feena, my beautiful Feena---I may not see you again—but I will try.”  The two young people flee to their cave and disappear inside it as the dark shadow materializes into a sleek, black-winged rocket that lands on the coral sand where they were standing.  
Out steps the somber Captain.  He strides right to where the head is perched in the sand.  He stops, his arms akimbo.  “You know where I’m taking you,” he says.  Jome says nothing.  The Captain scoops up his head, stuffs it into a brown-paper bag and boards the darkling craft.  It roars off into the sky towards the rising sun---now surging upward from the faraway east.
The Captain is seated at the controls of the rocket.  The head is now inside the paper bag on a seat next to the Captain.  Jome is well aware of what is going on.  The Captain guns the craft towards BraZilia.
“You’ve taken a shine to that girl,” he says.
“She’s the one I’ve chosen to be the Candidate for the Commander’s mission.”  They are talking telepathically.
The Captain is silent.  Then, he says: “You know she was the one who destroyed your body with her weapon.” 
“No, it was her brother.  Anyway, it doesn’t matter.  My job was to find her, interrogate her and, then, pass her along to the Commander.  I am doing my duty.” 
The Captain nods. “Yes, our duty is to obey without questioning.  Does the Commander know she’s actually a---?”  
“Perhaps.  Perhaps, not.  Again, it doesn’t matter.  She is by far the best choice for the mission.”  
“What is this mission?” 
“That is none of your business.”  
“You have forgotten one important detail,” says the Captain.  
“How will the Commander meet her?  He’s never coming all the way out here just to look her over.”
“Don’t worry about that,” says Jome. “I will make it happen.  I am shutting you off now.”  
“As you wish,” says the Captain.  “We will arrive in BraZilia in a few seconds.”
Feena and Gailus stand at the entrance to their cave after the Captain’s takeoff.  She looks wistful.  “I wonder if I will ever see him again, Gailus.”  
“Hey, listen,” says her brother.  “Forget about him.  He had an assignment here whatever it was—and I guess he failed to complete it.  The Commander will have his own brutal way of dealing with him. 
And that’ll be that.”
Feena’s sad countenance becomes sadder still.  Gailus peers at her closely. “Feena, I do believe---oh, come on. This is silly.”
“I know,” she says softly.  
“He’s not even real.  He’s a maton.  And he’s minus a body.  You can’t be serious.”  
“I can’t help it,” she says. “Oh, Gailus, they may hurt him.”  
“More than he’s already been hurt?”  He scoffs and laughs.  
Then, suddenly her expression begins to change.  She’s smiling.  “Bye, Gailus,” she says mysteriously.  
Curiously the clouds overhead are starting now to drift westward instead of toward the east as they were doing before.  The waves nudging into the curve of the beach are uncurling the opposite way, drawing themselves up from the water and flinging themselves outwards towards the sea—as though they were mermaids tossing their tresses behind them. The sound of the waves breaking is strangely ragged and abrupt as though it were running backwards.  Because, in fact, it is. The swift black shape of the Captain’s rocket whips tail-first out of the sky and glides downward to land exactly where it took off.  In a moment the backward movement of everything is happening so fast she can’t see or hear anything clearly.  Then, it slows and stops. 
Now she is on the beach bidding goodbye to Gailus.  She walks casually up a boarding ramp to get into the rocket.  The Captain greets her pleasantly at the plane’s hatchway door as though he has no awareness of what has just happened and ushers her into the control cabin.  This alternative reality is now the only reality.  History has been remade.  “The Commander wants to meet you,” he says.  He is holding the paper bag containing Jome’s head in his hand. 
Gailus remains on the beach as he watches the black rocket bearing his sister knife back through the sky toward the East.  He nods his head slowly, beginning to understand what is taking place.  Now, he says to himself, Jome has used up one of his Imperatives and has just one more left.  I guess it means he really does like her.
“We’ll be in BraZilia in a few seconds” says the Captain from his seat in front of the controls.  
“Hi, Feena.  I’m very glad you wanted to come along.”  She can tell the voice in her head is coming from inside the bag on the seat next to the Captain. “It’s too complex to explain in half a minute,” says Jome.  “Let’s just say one of my Imperatives has been very busy.  By the way, the Captain cannot hear us.”
She grins in silence.  “All I know is I want you to be safe,” she says in her head, “and it seems like you are.”  
“For the moment, yes,” he says.  She sits down next to the Captain and picks up the bag to hold in her lap.  I never thought saving him would be this easy, she thinks to herself.  
“No, it won’t be,” Jome says in her head. “This is simply the beginning---the beginning of the beginning.  Now it’s time for you to find out why I chose you.”  
“Chose me?  You chose me?  For what?”
“I’ll explain everything shortly.”
The Captain flies in low over BraZilia.  Its spectacular, alabaster architecture has not been changed by the invaders.  As before, the central shrine seems to grow from a pool like an opening lotus flower.  The sculptured forms in front of the Commander’s offices stalk like naked white gazelles along the pool’s blue edge.  The pool gives back its endless smile to the sky.  The Commander loves this place.  
“Nothing like this where I come from,” he says to the stove-pipe puppet.  He stares at the panorama of buildings under the marching immensity of sky outside his windows.  “The Captain has fulfilled his assignment this time.  He has retrieved Jome’s head.  Now I must learn if Jome completed his assignment---whether he found the Candidate I require.  If he did, I will have no further need for him.  His head can be discarded.”  The Commander stares at the car wash freak. “You look dubious, advisor.”
“I am.  How could he find someone appropriate where only humans live?  This person will surely be at least partly, maybe even all human.  He will not be subservient.  He will have his own ideas.  He will be selfish, emotional. You know how they are.”  The cartoon figure pauses.  “He will be dangerous.”  
“No, we will train him.  We will subdue his will to follow our way.  He will serve our needs.”  
“Why not train a maton?  You have plenty of them.  The Captain, for instance.” 
“They cannot act alone.  They must be directed.”  The Commander laughs quietly.  “Yes, they have been somewhat useful to us here on this planet.  But ultimately they are inadequate.  They may look human, but they lack what the humans have but which must never be allowed to contaminate the matons.”  
The yellow balloon-man bends downward and yanks upward flopping its arms about. “But what must this Candidate achieve?”
The Supreme One stares out at the double moons which have just risen again along the horizon.  “He must attend the Inspector.  Dazzle him, out-think him, out-maneuver him.  A human might just be able to do that—a maton never.”  
“But didn’t you tell them you killed off all the humans?”
The Commander purses his mouth nervously. “The Inspector must not be allowed to know the Candidate is human.  He must think he is a maton.”
“Good luck,” says the gas station ghoul with a giggling laugh.  
“What are you laughing at?”  The Commander is suddenly angry. “You doubt my plan?”  
“It won’t work.  It’s pure foolishness,” says the freak.  “You will never be able to hoodwink the Inspector.”
“That is simply not true!”  The Commander seems to slam closed like a steel door. “This relationship is over,” he says.  He turns the blower off, causing the phantom to sag and collapse, after which he grabs a handful of its rubbery skin and throws the whole thing onto a hat tree by the door. “Good riddance,” he grumbles to himself.  “Why did I ever listen to its drivel?”
Who is this Inspector?  He’s been mentioned several times.  
The Commander has been told to expect high-ranking Visitors for a recreational visit from their home base in the Zyllaton Galaxy.  Everything must be just so in preparation for their arrival.  If it isn’t, it could be the end of the Commander’s assignment, perhaps, even the end of him—perhaps, even the very end of the Earth itself.  To ensure a good experience for all concerned, an official is coming in advance to check everything out.  The Inspector’s visit is even more feared by the Commander than that of the Visitors.  
“I will take that now,” says the Captain as he and Feena leave the rocket plane.  He reaches for the brown paper bag that contains Jome’s head.  
She squelches a gasp. “Jome!” she cries inside her head. “He’s taken you!  What’ll we do?”  
“Don’t worry,” he says. “I’ll find a way to rejoin you.”  
The Captain marches smartly down a corridor toward the Commander’s office, the paper bag in his hand.  Unnoticed by the Captain who is thinking only of his meeting with the Commander, Feena slips into an office off the hallway.  Now the Captain stands in the Commander’s soaring quarters.  He has placed the bag containing the head on his boss’ giant desk. 
“Well done, Captain,” says the Commander. “You have fully exceptionalized yourself by rescuing this object.  You may complete the assigned task by destroying it.” 
The captain takes back the bag with Jome’s head and waits to be dismissed.  We see that the stove-pipe creature is still hanging like an old stained raincoat on a hat tree by the door.  One of its eyes is trained on this scene, its eyebrow raised slightly. The Commander waves the Captain away, turns and notices the eye. “What do you want?  I have rejected you,” he whispers angrily.  “I no longer listen to you.”  But he pauses, thinking, turns back to the Captain and says: “I have changed my mind.  I will dispose of the bag myself.  You are dismissed.”  He takes it from him and dumps it back on the desk.  The Captain bows and leaves the Commander’s presence. 
“What is it?” he asks impatiently of the limp puppet. “You are embarrassing me. You made me change my mind.  I must not be seen to change my mind about anything.”
“What about the Code?” the puppet says. “You need to retrieve it.”
“The Code? Yes, yes, of course.  I hardly need you to remind me.  I will extract it and, then, afterwards destroy the head.”  
“And what about the head’s mission?”  The Commander grunts his annoyance. “Wasn’t he supposed to make contact with the humans by pretending to be their ally?” asks the gas pump puppet. “To attract a Candidate.”  
“Correct,” says the Commander.  “But I did not expect him to become a battle casualty.”  He plays with his goatee.  “Still I wonder if he did find a Candidate.”
“Interrogate him, Supreme One.”
“Sometimes I really hate your advice.”
“Even though you need it and use it.”
The Commander removes Jome’s head from the bag and places it on the desk.  It falls over.  He sets it upright again. The frayed tangle of wiring trails out from the neck as a look of distaste crosses his face.  Jome’s eyes are closed, his expression unreadable. “I need to interrogate you,” says the Commander.  “I give you permission to use telepathy to communicate with me.”  
Jome’s eyes stay closed.  There is no sign that he hears what the Commander is saying.  “Did you find a Candidate before you were---disabled?”  The head is silent.  The Commander is becoming edgy with anger as he strides to his desk and flips on an electronic viewing screen.  
“I am looking at your Code readings, and I see a faint image.”  He stares at it more closely. “The image appears to be a young girl--a human one.  Is she your Candidate?”  The head says nothing.  “I would have preferred a male.  What’s her name?”  The head continues to be silent.  
The Commander’s fury at being frustrated in this manner is building rapidly.  Now he explodes.  “I do not need you!  I can guess you have been corrupted by this human girl.”  He slams his fist into Jome’s head, and it rolls onto the floor.  “I will find another Candidate.  It will be easy.  Meantime I consign you to the furnace to be destroyed without a trace.”  He gives the head a hard kick with his boot, and it rolls across the room.  
Suddenly, a voice cries out. “Commander!  The asteroid!  There’s something on it.  It’s moving.”  It’s the balloon freak warning him.  The Commander rushes to the window to focus the telescope on the moon’s companion, the “second” moon.
The head continues to roll—right towards the door of the office, which opens slightly to let it slip through.  Speeding down the hall, it hits a ridge in the floor and bounces upward into the air.  As it starts to fall downward, Feena is there to catch it.  “I have you,” she whispers and pulls Jome’s head in close to her.
The Commander searches the surface of the asteroid with the telescope.  He detects no movement, no change. “What do you mean something’s moving on it,” he cries out.  “I don’t see anything.”
“Either there was something on the surface or something was passing in front of it,” says the car wash phantom--draped over the hat tree like an old beach towel. “Or maybe it was an object landing on it.  I swear I saw something.”
“You can’t see anything without the telescope,” says the Commander. “Anyway I don’t choose to listen to you any more. Your job here is over and done.”  He takes another hurried look through the eye-piece.  He is suddenly urgent. “Wait!  Do you think it was the Inspector’s space ship you saw?”  
“Perhaps,” says the car wash thing. “We will know soon enough.” 
The commander begins to look panicky.
“You are more beautiful than ever,” says the head telepathically, now nestled in Feena’s arms.  
“Sh-h-h, she says.  I’ve got to figure out how to get us out of here, Jome--and get you back your body.”  
“No,” he says. “First, you must meet the Inspector. That is the reason I chose you.  It’s part of my assignment.”  
“Chose me?  Your assignment?  What’s all this about?”  He has become extremely somber.  “Can’t you tell me?” she asks.  “Who’s this Inspector?”  
“Feena,” says Jome’s head from deep inside her mind, “you may be the only reason the earth can survive the Inspector’s visit.”  He proceeds to explain who the Inspector is and why he’s coming—to check out Earth’s preparations for the Visitors from Zyllaton.  “He is acutely intelligent, and he has vast powers.  He is also dangerous.  He could destroy us all in a flash.  Only a human can hope to outsmart him, only a human can make him think our preparations for the Visitors are in perfect order.  And most important of all, only a human like yourself can hope to make him think you’re a maton and not a human. 
“And why is that important?”  
“Because he thinks all the humans were destroyed in the war.  He doesn’t know your kind still inhabit the Earth.  The Commander has misled him.”  
“It sounds like maybe he better not meet me.  If I fail, he’ll destroy me first.”“
“No, he must meet you.  You must make him think you’re a maton and be his guide while he’s here.  Above all, he must never guess that you’re human.  Now hide me inside this desk, and I’ll give you pointers on how to act like a maton as you go along.”  
“From inside the desk?” she asks, trying to stifle a giggle. 
“Why not,” he says.  “But first, we must try you out on the Commander.  If he likes you, perhaps, the Inspector will, too.  Remember, a flat monotone is best.  No human intonations.”
“This is laughable,” she says.  She tries a metallic monotone. “When in the course of human events it becomes necessary to---”  She collapses into laughter. “He’s never going to believe me.”
“It’s okay. You’re passable.  Always remember, you’re not human; you’re a maton.”  
Trying to affect a slightly wooden gait—the way she’s seen matons walk---she approaches the open door of the Commander’s office.  She starts to go in.
“No, don’t,” Jome cries out sharply inside her head but not so the Commander can hear him.
“If the door’s open, why can’t I just walk in?” she says.
“That’s what a human might do,” he says. “If you’re a maton, you must show deference at all times.  Knock first.  Then, go in when he summons you---and be your charming, lovely self.”
“You won’t be with me?”  The idea of being alone with the Commander unnerves her.  
“Don’t worry.  I will still be with you.  I will hear all.  But the Commander will not hear anything.”
She proceeds now to knock on the Commander’s door. 
“Come in,” he shouts.  He is at first taken aback when Feena walks in.  “I was expecting a different gender,” he says.  
Feena tries hard to be hesitant, even a little awkward.  “I am Feena, your new assistant, sir,” she says shyly.  “I have been instructed to do your bidding.”  
He nods and smiles. “You must be the Candidate---the one Jome chose for me before he—became disabled.”  
“The Commander is buying off on you,” says Jome in her head.  
“He thinks you’ll be fine.”  
“You really are quite lovely,” says the Commander. “You will make an excellent guide for the Inspector.”
“Whatever you wish,” she says.  
“Nicely done,” says Jome.  “This is going better than I thought it would.”
“When is your visitor expected?” she asks. 
“That’s a little presumptuous for a maton to ask,” says Jome.  
The Supreme One looks at her in surprise.  
“Be careful,” whispers Jome inside her head. “You need to be modest---a bit unsure of yourself.”
“When will he be here?  Very soon---” the Commander starts to say.  
“I am here,” says a brusque, disembodied voice in the room.  A blurry figure appears from nothing right in front of them and comes tremblingly into sharp focus.  The look of him surprises her.  He has on what seems like a very ancient, musty-smelling military uniform that maybe Napoleon might recognize.  It barely fits his pudgy form.  On his head is a funny little green pillbox hat with a wide black brim in front. 
Feena can’t help wanting to smile but manages not to.  This silly-looking guy is the one everybody’s so afraid of?
The Commander is aghast.  He bows from the waist and, then, sinks to one knee. “We weren’t expecting you so soon, sir.”  He is almost whispering.
“Come now, Commander,” says the Inspector.  “No need for genuflections.  You are not a maton.”  He turns to Feena and says in a clipped, high voice she hears only inside her head--and which the Commander obviously doesn’t hear: “And neither are you.”  He looks back at the Commander with the barest hint of a smile:
Feena is profoundly startled.  She is afraid she’s about to get into deep trouble because apparently she has failed to fool the Inspector.  He has detected that she’s not a maton.  Clearly this Inspector is no ordinary visitor.  It’s obvious he has mysterious, fearful powers.  If he can tell she’s not a maton, can he also tell she’s human?  
What makes him even more mysterious is his face.  It isn’t quite there.  It’s as though he were wearing a soft, featureless mask.  It makes it very hard for her to guess what he’s thinking. 
Even though he is now hidden in a desk in another room, Jome also senses that the Inspector seems all-knowing.  He decides to break off contact with Feena to avoid revealing their relationship. “Bye,” he whispers almost inaudibly in her head.
A slight movement of the Inspector’s eyes suggests that, perhaps, he also heard this--but he says nothing.  He casts his eyes approvingly around the Commander’s quarters.  “I will take this for my office while I’m here,” he says.  “I will also have this girl for my assistant.”  He gives her a blurry wink. 
The Commander bows low again while keeping his knee off the floor this time.  “Whatever the Inspector wishes,” he says, but Feena can see the chagrin written on his face at the idea that he must give up the trappings of power and importance that are part of his office while the Inspector remains on this planet.  She can also see he doesn’t like having him take her over completely.
“Let’s have a look at your preparations for the Visitors,” the Inspector says.  “Especially for their entertainment.”  He grasps Feena by the elbow and tells her inside her head: “I can’t stand this man even though I put him in charge here---but I do like you.  Be sure you stay with me at all times—so I don’t have to talk to him too much.”  
“Yes, sir,” she says.  
“And don’t give me any of that maton bowing and scraping nonsense,” he says. “You’re human, and I know it.  The Commander told us he’d killed all of you off.  He may have to be punished for lying to us.  So listen to me.  I want you to be smart like a human--savvy is your word for it.  Hide nothing from me and always tell me what you know.”
Feena can hardly believe all this.  How can he tell I’m human?  Did I give myself away without realizing it?  What concerns her most is knowing she’s his enemy, and he’s her enemy.  How long can this pretense of friendliness go on before he turns on me and destroys me?  
“No, Feena, stop worrying,” the Inspector says, tuning in to her thoughts. “We’re going to get along just fine.”  
She doubts it.  She’s afraid she’s going to think something he doesn’t like because he’s inside her head listening in.  This is so hateful, she thinks.  I can’t even be myself.  Oops, I mustn’t think that. 
The Inspector smiles knowingly.  Obviously he has heard her. “So let’s get going,” he says out loud. “Get all this over with.  I tell you, Feena, I’m not looking forward to that trip back.  A thousand light years.  More than a thousand.  Boring!  Boring!  Even if I go into a deep freeze and try to sleep.”  He smiles a disarming, soft-edged smile.  “What the heck do you have in the desk in the other room?  A maton head?  A battle memento?”  Her heart jumps.  “I didn’t know you were a warrior girl.”  
This guy can actually see Jome’s head even though it’s inside a desk drawer in another room---but she says and tries to think nothing.
“And what the devil is this?” says the Inspector.  He pulls the rubbery skin of the stove-pipe balloon off the hat tree.  “Is this yours, Commander?  What on earth do you use it for?” 
The Commander doesn’t want to say and hopes against hope that the car wash freak will keep its damn mouth shut.  
“Human psychologists have a name for this,” says the Inspector, “but I can’t think what it is.”  Blurrily, he squinches up his face and frowns.  “Wait!” he says suddenly. “I remember now.  It’s called an alto ego.”  
“No, Mr. Inspector,” says Feena.  “Alto is a boy singer with a high voice.  You mean alter ego.  Another self.”  
The Inspector stares at her and smiles. “This girl’s bright,” he says.  “Where’d you get her, Commander?”  He doesn’t wait for a reply.  “I hear all the humans have alter egos.  That’s because down deep they’re all nutty as fruitcakes.”  He laughs explosively.  
He does have a sense of humor, thinks Feena.  But will he laugh even harder when he gets around to destroying us all?
They pile into the black digi-rocket piloted as before by the Captain.  As they strap themselves in, the Inspector starts to become enthusiastic.  “You must show me your hunting arrangements,” he says. “The Visitors love to hunt.  I’m sure they’ll want to take some human trophies back with them to Zyllaton.  There are a few humans left, aren’t there?  I’m sure there are.  You can’t be the only one.” 
The thought paralyzes Feena.  Trophies? What’s he talking about?  She has a sudden, frightening mental image of her head and Gailus’s head and those of their friends hanging over Visitor fireplaces—do they even have fireplaces?—back in Zyllaton.  She remembers the gray-pink leather wall paper in the Commander’s quarters and suddenly realizes with a start what it’s made of.  
An idea jumps into her head.  “I have a much better idea, Inspector.”  She flashes him a dazzling smile.  
“Shark hunting?” he says, reading her mind. “Sounds sort of interesting.  I’d like to try that myself.” 
“It’s totally exciting,” says Feena.  “You’ll love it.  Can you swim?” 
“You will teach me.” 
“I’ll try.”  She gives him another big smile.
Feena instructs the Captain where to head for.  It’s not the coral speck where she and Gailus and their friends live in the Mariana Islands.  It’s an island reef just off southern Australia.  Within seconds their rocket plane lands on its sandy shore. “The water is deeper here,” she says. “Better for shark hunting.”  What she also knows is this is one of the favored haunts of the Great White---at twenty-one feet, the biggest shark in any ocean on Earth, and the hungriest.  Is she hoping that the Inspector might fall into the water while they’re hunting—or a shark will come along while he’s swimming?  
The Inspector stands on the sandy edge of the island and peers into a tidal pool in which little fish and a crab are swimming and seaweed life is growing.  “How wildly strange,” he says.  “Show me the sharks.”  
“Come on, then,” she says.  But he cannot make himself take that first step off the shore into the water itself.  “I do believe it will melt me,” he says—”or set me on fire.” 
“Of course not,” says Feena, but she can’t get him even to trail a hand in the water.
“I can’t take a chance,” he says.  “Water is an alien substance for anyone from the Zyllaton Galaxy because it does not exist on any Zyllaton planet.  It might destroy me.”
Instead, she takes him for a ride in a small boat.  He is amazed that it actually floats on top of this peculiar transparent material.  As he leans over the bow to watch fish swimming by, it occurs to her that it wouldn’t take much to give him a little push.  It would obviously solve a lot of problems.
Then, chance does it for her.  He leans over too far, and the next thing she knows he has fallen into the water by himself.  He shouts in panic as he flails about, but she is already pulling him back into the boat.  “It hurts, it hurts,” he moans as she wipes him off with a towel.  The water seems to have left behind a bright red rash where it has touched his skin and face.  
“Wow, you really are sensitive,” she says.  
“It feels weird,” he says.  “Sort of cool and—”  He’s reaching for the right word.  
“We call it ‘wet,’” she says.  
“Wet,” he says tentatively.  “I think I am the only being in the whole Zyllaton galaxy who’s ever touched water.”  
“We should take a photograph of you,” she says laughing, “while you’re still bright red--to take back to Zyllaton.  That’s what humans like to do when they go on vacation.” 
He laughs. “No, I have plenty of images in my head.  I will pick out a few to reproduce later for private viewing.”  He stares at her a long time. “You saved my life back there when I fell in.  Why? You didn’t have to.”
She shrugs and looks down. “I suppose I did.  It’s just something humans do.  At least most of the time.
“I’m trying to understand that,” he says.  He does seem to be mulling it over.  Finally, he says: “I don’t think I can.  It makes no sense.  It might have been better for you to get rid of me.” 
Just offshore there is an abrupt change in depth as the ocean floor plunges down sharply.  A giant whitish form swims slowly by them deep below the surface.  It startles him.  “What is that?” he asks.  
“That’s one of them,” says Feena.  “One of the great white sharks.”  Its white mouth yawns open displaying rows of huge teeth.  
“Will it eat me?”  
“Definitely.  One or two quick bites,” she says grinning.  As the shark rushes up at them, she grabs an oar and gives it a hard whack on the end of its snout.  It knifes down suddenly into the depths and disappears.  Behind it a curving line of froth drifts upward to the surface. 
The Inspector is shivering with fright.  “When I fell in back there, I think I came close to, what do you humans call it?  Dying.”
“Don’t you guys die out there in Zyllaton?”
“In our galaxy no one truly dies.  We cease.  One minute we are there—and the next we are gone.  It is simpler.  There are no—what’s your word?  Funerals.  No weeping.  No sadness.  No cemeteries.”
She tries to imagine what that would be like, what it would be like for her to lose Gailus, her brother---and not weep for him.  It seems impossibly awful, impossibly heartless. “I hope it doesn’t disappoint you,” she says, “but you didn’t come close to dying.”  
“But I was frightened as humans are frightened.  Especially when that huge shark swam up to us.”  
“Yes, I could see that,” she says.  
“It was an interesting sensation,” he says.  “But you, Feena, were not really frightened.”  He looks at her admiringly. “You are not only smart.  You are what do you humans call it?  Brave.”  He looks at her closely, pursing his mouth.  “You have also made me sense something else in you.  What exactly is it?  Some very human thing that I don’t see in myself.  Fate can be harsh, even cruel, and you are able to accept it.  You can lose, and it’s all right.”  He thinks it over. “In my case, I must never lose.  I must always win.”  He looks grimly reflective for a moment.  “To lose would be the end of me.”
She laughs her tinkly laugh.  “How can that be?” she says.  “Everybody has to lose some time or other.  You just have to live with it.”
“Still, you don’t give up easily,” he says. “There are very few of you left, but you go on surviving.”
He tries his hand at rowing their little boat.  She can see he is continuing to think about how humans are different from Zyllatonans.  Finally, he says:  “There’s another difference between us that that’s even more important.”  He reaches for the right words. “You humans have feelings,” he says. “Yes, that’s it.  You care.  I guess that’s why you saved me.  You care about life.  You want people to stay alive, to keep their aliveness.”  He frowns and smiles at the same time.  “Zyllaton is different.  No one cares about life.  No one even has feelings.  No one knows what that means.”  
A sly look comes into his eyes. “The Visitors will definitely want to do this shark hunting.  We’ll let them, but let’s make them actually jump into the water as I did.  Jump in and turn red.”  
Now he laughs a big loud laugh like the one he laughed before.  Feena suspects that, perhaps, the Inspector is not too fond of the Visitors.  Perhaps, they are not fond of him either. 
“This will be fine,” he says.  “Perfect entertainment.”
The Commander is in his office—or what is now his new, much smaller office--talking urgently with the cartoon stove-pipe.  He seems to have forgiven it for now, though not enough to take it down off the hat tree.  “I can’t stand this,” he says.  “Look at these tiny little quarters he’s crammed me into.  I was the most important person on Earth a few hours ago.  Now I am nothing.”  
“What about me?” says the freak.  “Look where you’ve got me.  At least take me down off this thing.”
“Okay, I’ll take you down.  Just stop whining.”  The car wash ghoul now sprawls across the Commander’s desk.  
“You’re got more clout than you think,” it says, “especially now while they’re off in the South Seas.  Who’s to stop you from taking command again?”  
“Easy enough for you to say.  Take command of what?  I can’t even control my own matons any more.  He’s made it so they only obey him. And take your leg, or whatever you call it, off my desk.  At least I can order you around.”  
An idea bursts into his head.  “Leg, leg!  That’s it.  That’s the solution!  But where the devil is it?”
“What are you babbling about?” asks the gas station hoodoo. 
“That human leg the Captain brought back from the South Pacific.  He called it Uncle Jebba’s leg.  We can use a human leg to make super matons—new matons that work only for me.  I’ll create a whole army of them.  Where can it be?”  
He begins a frantic search of the office to find the leg, opening and closing dozens of file and desk drawers.  He starts to open the file drawer in the desk that contains Jome’s head.  Jome realizes he’s about to be discovered.  It’s a scary moment.  What should he do?  Use up the last of his remaining imperatives, the one that would let him teleport himself away from there?  
He is saved by the car wash creature. “I found it!” it shouts.  The leg is in a plastic bag hanging from the hat tree—right next to where the ghoul balloon has been hanging all along.  
It’s time for some bluster, the kind the Commander has been practicing since forever. “We need to get into that facility where they make replacements for the matons,” he says, “see if we can get them to make some Uncle Jebba copies.”  
“We? You mean you need to get in there,” says the yellow puppet. “They’ll never let me near it.  It should be easy for you.  Just turn on some of your evil charm.  They used to obey you.  I’m sure they haven’t forgotten how.  Tell them the Inspector ordered it.”  
Some time later there’s a knock on the door of the Commander’s office.  The car wash banshee goes to answer it.  “I shouldn’t be doing this” it says aloud.  “He should answer his own door.”  
When the door is opened, there stands the Commander himself—grinning hugely.  His arms are full.  It looks like a vast load of laundry, but it isn’t.  “Well, I lied and I pretended and I prevaricated,” he says.  “And amazingly they let me create a whole bunch of Jebbas.  There’s one problem, though. They wouldn’t let me make flesh and blood copies—said they needed the Inspector’s permission for that—so they’re, well, er, balloons.  But they sure look like the real thing.”  
He dumps the pile of “laundry” onto the floor, and it reveals itself to be a tremendous stack of rubber replicas of Uncle Jebba.  “I told them the Inspector wants them for a birthday party.  Now it’s all up to you, my friend.  We’ve got to blow them up, and you’re the one with a blower.”
“What happens to me?” asks the gas station ghoul. “I need that blower to be me, to stay blown up.”  
“You’ll have to be, shall we say, postponed,” says the Commander. “Your turn at the blower will have to wait till we’ve blown up every one of these guys.”
“And what then?” asks the creature.
“Then,” says the Commander, “we take back this planet.” 
“This is ridiculous,” wails his cartoon buddy.  “All the Inspector needs is one seamstress with a sharp needle—and that’ll be the end of your army. Your scheme is doomed.”
“Pshaw!” shouts the Commander.  “Absolute pshaw!  I command you to start blowing up these Jebbas now.”  
“You will have to do it, too.  I can’t do it alone.”
“I am the Commander here.  I do not blow up balloons.”  
“Do you want the Inspector to utterly destroy you?”  
The Commander is hesitating.  He runs his hand thoughtfully over his goatee. “I have decided that under special circumstances Commanders do blow up balloons.”  
It’s a frantic scene.  Over the next several hours the Commander’s small new office, adjacent hallways, two men’s rooms and an exercise gym become jammed to the ceiling with dozens. scores, hundreds of bobbing, bouncing Jebbaesque inflatables.
“Well, they do look impressive.  Maybe the Inspector will take a liking to them,” says the stove-pipe guy.  
“No, that’s not what we want. We want him to be intimidated, overwhelmed, struck dumb.”  
“I suppose that’s possible, too,” says the puppet.  It sighs.  “But not too likely.”  
“He’ll take one look,” says the Commander expansively, “assume they’re real matons, quake in his boots and surrender to us.”  
“Yeah, right.”
Suddenly, the Inspector enters the Commander’s grand, former office out of thin air, back now from his South Seas trip.  Feena is at his side.  The Inspector’s imperious manner has abruptly changed.  He now seems extremely concerned and distracted. “The Visitors will be arriving very soon,” he says nervously. “Why wasn’t the Commander here to greet me?”  
“How do you know they’re almost here?” she asks.  
“I just know,” he says. “They have an aura, an effusion that precedes them even if they are millions of miles away.”  
She is surprised.  He always seems so cool and on top of it.  
Maybe the Visitors’ visit worries him more than he lets on. “Yes,” he says, reading her thoughts.  “I am worried.  The Visitors have incredible power, far more than was ever given to me.  I have been with them when they were displeased,” he says.  “Planets and whole solar systems have vanished in billows of fire.”  Feena imagines her Earth disappearing in such a fashion.  “They must be satisfied with their visit,” he says, “totally and completely satisfied that everything here is exactly to their liking.  Or I hate to think what might happen to the Earth.”
Suddenly, there is a loud, imperious rapping on the door of what is now the Inspector’s office. “Who is that?” asks the Inspector, visibly jolted by the sound.  He opens it remotely.  “Oh, it’s only you, Captain.”  It is the maton pilot of the rocket digi-plane that brought Feena to BraZilia.  
“What is so urgent?” he asks.  
“I’m afraid it is my unpleasant duty to put you all under arrest,” he says.  
“What?!”  The Inspector can’t believe what he’s hearing.  
“It’s for your own protection,” says the Captain.  
“Under arrest?  This is impossible.” The Inspector is practically sputtering. “You are a maton and under my command.  Explain yourself.”  
The Captain does so.  “A war has broken out,” he says, “between two factions among the matons.  Ours is loyal to you, Mr. Inspector, in deference to your wishes.” 
“I expect no less.  But who is the other faction?  I demand to know.” 
“They call themselves the Jebbas.  They have raised a large army, recreating their soldiers from the DNA of a human soldier famous for his bravery.  Unfortunately we are hopelessly outnumbered so most of us are being forced to go into hiding.” 
“Who did all this and who leads them now?”
“A man known as the Commander.  They are loyal only to him.”
“That idiot?!”  The Inspector is seething with fury. “Our backs are turned for one moment, Feena, and this is what he does.”  
Feena is reluctant to speak, reluctant to admit that Uncle Jebba was her uncle.  Poor dear Uncle Jebba, she thinks.  If he knew he was being used in this way, he’d be horrified.
“The Visitors are about to arrive,” says the Inspector. “They will be furious with me for losing control.”
“The Jebbas under the direction of the Commander plan to surround the airport,” says the Captain, “and prevent anyone from disembarking.” 
“I must deal with this forthwith,” says the Inspector.  He abruptly vanishes.
At the airport, the Commander is marshalling his forces.  Dressed in a fiery red uniform bedecked with glittering braid, he stands on a high platform so all can see him.  Just below him is the stove-pipe phantom sprawled on a bench. “And a one, two, one, two,” he shouts.  Before him thousands of Jebbas are flung out row after row across the runways, following his orders in exactly perfect cadence.  They may be balloons, but they behave as though they were alive.  The multitude takes one step forward, one step back and about-faces in perfect unison.  And again.  And again.  The Commander steals a joyful look at his banshee buddy.  
“Aren’t they beautiful?  Aren’t they the greatest?  This’ll settle the Inspector’s hash.”
The stove-pipe guy shakes its head.  “Or yours,” it says.
Now, with the Inspector gone for the moment, Feena has slipped back into the Commander’s small office to retrieve Jome’s head.  The Captain has disappeared so it seems as though they are no longer under arrest.  She returns to the airport tarmac with Jome’s head concealed inside another paper bag and watches the Commander drilling his new matons.  It seems so very odd to see so many copies of her Uncle Jebba, but she reminds herself they are mere replicas.  The Commander calls her over to stand near him next to the platform.  
“He’s having fun, I guess,” the puppet man says to her.  “But what’s he going to do when a gust of wind comes along?  Or maybe some kid with a slingshot?  This is a doomed plan.”  He snaps and jerks a couple of times.  
The Commander catches sight of her watching. “Don’t my Jebbas look scrumptious—I mean, frightening?” he says.  He starts to stamp his feet in a rhythmic beat in step with his drilling army. “The Visitors will take one look at this and flee back to Zyllaton—and take the Inspector with them.”
A large quivering, silverish cloud appears over the airport runways and descends slowly downward.  It hovers for a long mysterious moment just above the ground in front of the assembled thousands.  Now it gradually dissipates and leaves behind a huge, goldly gleaming spacecraft on the tarmac.  A lingering, chiming sound hangs expectantly in the air—casting a softly eerie spell.  Clearly the Visitors have arrived.  All eyes watch as a large hatchway in the craft very slowly opens.  
Feena is deeply curious about how many Visitors will emerge and what they will look like.  The Inspector has given no hint about what to expect.  She imagines something unpleasant may be about to ensue. They have arrived in the middle of a major insurrection.  What will happen? She knows they are only balloons, but the visitors don’t know that.  They may freak and surrender even as the Commander hopes.  How can the Inspector extricate himself from this?  Can he even survive? 
A lone figure emerges and stands in the doorway.  It is too far away to make out clearly.  Suddenly, the figure grows and expands to a giant’s dimensions.  Feena is shocked by what she sees. The figure is none other than---can it be?---the Inspector!  As he begins to speak, his voice is so vastly loud it ripples through the massed Jebbas like a wind through a field of grain.  
“The Visitor from Zyllaton has arrived!” he says, then, pauses and starts to smile.  “But how come there is only one Visitor?” he asks.  His smile grows bigger. “Because there is only one, and that Visitor is me!”  He detonates one of his cacophonous laughs. 
Feena is incredulous. “You mean, after all that fuss there really aren’t any Visitors?” she says inside her head. “Quite right, my dear,” he says in a voice only she can hear.  “Only me.  I pretended there were—to wake this planet up, make sure you all are ready in case the real Zyllatonans change their minds and come anyway.  And now we must bring this incredibly silly business to an end.”  
Returning to his normal size, as he stands in the hatchway of the spaceship, he proceeds to clap his hands twice—crisply and sharply.  With a tremendous stuttering roar, the assembled Jebbas explode like the balloons they are.  Hundreds and hundreds rise briefly into the air and fall back in soft heaps onto the tarmac.  For a moment all is quiet—like the aftermath of a massacre.
“Anyone left?”  He glances across the multitude. “Doesn’t seem to be.”  He turns to re-enter the craft, then, stops and calls to Feena.  “Come along, Feena.  It’s time to go.”  
“Back to Zyllaton?  Right now?”  She hesitates, not sure what to do.  
A thousand-light-year journey in the company of this weird creature and, then, what?  An endless sojourn in the Zyllaton galaxy as his assistant?  The idea repulses her.  Or, as a despised human, she may be destroyed by the Zyllatonans the minute she arrives.  
“On the other hand, you will be destroyed if you stay,” says the Inspector, reading her thoughts as usual.  He points ominously toward the twin moons in the sky, one of which has become enormously large. “That asteroid is definitely on its way here,” says the Inspector.  “Earth, I’d say, has only a few hours left.  Your best chance is coming with me.”
“Please,” says the Commander.  He falls to his knees by the stairway that leads up into the spacecraft and beseeches the Inspector.  “I would be honored to come with you.  Just don’t leave me here.”  
“That’s exactly what I plan to do.  You’ve been trouble enough.  You must fend for yourself.  Anyway we probably don’t have any room for you.”  The Inspector laughs his signature booming laugh. “Every spare inch of this space ship is expressly for fuel.  Zyllaton is a long ways off.”
Now Jome speaks from the paper bag—inside Feena’s head.  
“It’s all right.  Go with him.  Just keep me with you.  I know now what we must do, what I must do.”  
The Inspector stops and turns abruptly.  He frowns as he stares at her. “Who is that talking to you, Feena?”  She doesn’t answer. 
“Feena!  I demand to know who that is!”  
But Feena, guided by Jome, is now racing along the labyrinthine passages of the Zyllaton spacecraft.
The Commander stands forlornly on the airport tarmac.  In front of him, reaching out to the furthest edges of the maze of runways is a scene of desolation—a vast horde of heaped-up balloon effigies of Uncle Jebba, the remains of the Commander’s pretend army.  His head is in his hands, his dream of returning to power now in ruins.  
“Well, I warned you, didn’t I?” says the gas pump wraith still draped over a bench.  “Your plot was fated to fail.  All that time we wasted blowing them up.  I’ll have to get my blower serviced for sure.” 
“You didn’t warn me often enough!” the Commander blurts.  “You should have foreseen all this and advised me properly.  You are useless!”
During the Commander’s tirade the car wash creature has been hurriedly setting up the telescope which it seems to have brought along from the Commander’s office.  It peers into the eyepiece.  “Just what I thought,” it says.  “Come here, Commander, and look at this.” 
“Are you bothering me again about the asteroid?”  
“Yes, I am.”  
The Commander pulls himself up wearily and walks over to peer through the eyepiece.  He’s just in time to see the asteroid barge past Earth’s moon, knocking off a hulking corner of it.  The chunk disintegrates into a multitude of smaller pieces that float away into space.  The stove-pipe hoodoo swivels and swings and yanks up and down. “The Inspector said it would be on us in a few hours.  I’d say a few minutes is more like it.”
The Commander is starting to panic.  “What are we going to do?”  
“I think there’s only one thing to do.” 
“Yes, yes, what is it?”  
“Get on that stupid spaceship.  Forget the Inspector.  Just talk your way on.  It’s going some place far, far away, and that’s where we want to be.” 
The Commander is now in full panic.  “Better fold me up and tuck me under your arm,” says the freak.  “Make like I’m a raincoat.  Otherwise they’ll ask questions and not let you on.”
The Commander looks more wild-eyed than ever.  “Maybe I should leave you here.  I can’t risk being denied entry because you’re with me.  You understand that, don’t you?”  
“I understand you!” it says.  
The Commander hurries up the steps that lead to the open door of the spacecraft.  A frowning maton sentry stands in the entrance.  The Commander pauses.  He looks back to where he has left the gas station character on the chair.  You really need to stop using it, he tells himself, depending on it all the time.  It’s become a seriously bad habit.  No one will understand what the thing is doing under your arm when you arrive in Zyllaton.  
Suddenly, he races down the stairs out to the tarmac and scoops up his rubber buddy.  “Just can’t do without me, can you?” says the puppet.  
“Shut up,” the Commander says under his breath.  He returns to the spaceship, folding the puppet into a tight bundle as he goes.  He jaunts up the stairway that leads to the entry door and feigns light-heartedness.  “Such a shame it all had to end this way,” he says to the sentry.  “Speaking for myself I quite enjoyed this planet.  Ah, BraZilia.”  He shakes his head.  “Architecture to die for.  I believe the Inspector has boarded ahead of me.”  The maton stares at him coldly.  He puts his arm across the entrance door, barring the way.  “The Inspector has forbidden you to board,” he says in his matonic monotone.
“This is outrageous.  I am in charge on this planet,” says the Supreme One.  But his voice betrays his uncertainty. “You are merely a maton,” he mumbles. “A nobody, a nothing.”  But he realizes that, in fact, he is the one who has become a nobody, a nothing.
“Leave this area immediately,” says the sentry. “These are the Inspector’s orders.”  He pushes him away, making him fall halfway down the stairway.  
He wanders now to the edge of one of the runways and sits dejectedly on a landing light.  He stares into the evening sky glowing pinkishly in the west.  The two moons are drifting along the horizon. They are no longer twins.  One, the asteroid, is now much larger than the other—made to seem larger by its looming approach to the Earth.  
“So this is how we end,” says the roadside hoodoo still tucked under the Commander’s arm.  “I have been an absurd figure all my life—but never more so than now. That thing out there is going to make an awful mess of this place.”  
“My beautiful BraZilia will be gone,” says the Commander despondently.  
“Please unfold me,” says the cartoon puppet, “so I can at least have a front row seat.”  The Commander complies.  
Feena knows she will have to answer the Inspector’s question.  She and Jome will not be able to hide from him what is happening between them.  In addition they cannot hide it from each other nor do they want to.
Should she tell him the truth?  Or should she fib, lie, fence with him, dodge about, evading his attempts to peer into her brain?  As she speeds through the sleek byways of the huge spacecraft, guided by Jome, she knows she can’t hope to escape the omnipresence of the Inspector indefinitely—and his constant prying.  
“Where are we going?” she whispers to Jome.  
“You’ll see.  If I tell you, then, he’ll know, too.  The Code is allowing me to evade him for a short time---long enough to tell you something I need to have you know.”  
“I thought you said you couldn’t access the Code,” she says wonderingly. 
“I found a way to get at part of it,” he says.
“But what shall I tell him when I see him?” she says.  
Jome is emphatic in his answer. “Tell him that I was the one who was talking to you,” he says.  He looks at her tenderly. “Tell him I care very deeply about you, Feena.”  
She catches her breath.  She wasn’t quite expecting him to say that right out.  They have arrived in the spacecraft’s control cabin.  She sits in one of the pilot seats, removes Jome’s head from the bag she’s been carrying and places him in her lap.
She and Jome regard each other for a very long moment.  
“I care so much about you, Feena, I sometimes think I’ve crossed that line the Commander talks about.  The one he thinks must never be crossed by a maton.  Perhaps, I’m not quite human, but I know I’m no longer a maton. You have done that, Feena.”
His face becomes drawn and sad.  “You probably don’t feel as strongly as I do.  I can’t blame you.  How can you make a life with me?  I am not even physically whole.  I am still only a partial person, a pretend person, you might say.  I can’t even hold your hands, Feena.  I would give anything to hold just one of your hands.”  He becomes intensely earnest.  “We cannot be.  I must accept that.  But you and your people have a chance to take back this planet and start again.  You who are whole and hale and able—and human.  The Zyllaton beings are—evil.  A deadly poison.  I want to end their minions’ ugly domination of the Earth.”  
Feena can guess what he is about to say, but she doesn’t want him to say it.  She puts a hand over his mouth.  “Don’t,” she whispers. “Don’t.”  She knows as he does that they are not to be, that too much stands in the way of it.  But she also knows now how she feels.  “All I want to think about is that---I care deeply about you, too.”  She leans down and kisses him gently on the lips, then, kisses him again. 
“You must let me do this,” he says, “because I can.  I’m the only one now who can.  This is what I know the Code can help me do, and so I’m going to do it.”  
Suddenly, there is a wind in the cabin as though a great window has been opened.  They both sense what is coming.  With a quick move Feena hides Jome’s head under a seat blanket.  
“What’s going on here?” says the Inspector harshly as he appears out of nothing in the cabin.  “Never mind.  I know exactly what’s going on.  You’ve made up your mind not to leave, Feena.  But you must.  You are coming with me to Zyllaton.  I insist on it.”  He hesitates, fumbling words—as though he is embarrassed to reveal such deeply personal thoughts. 
“I need your human mind, your steady human hand---to keep those people away from me, to keep me safe from them, to keep my vision of things clear.” 
Feena begins to realize that the Inspector does not seem to know that Jome is in the cabin with them.  He has somehow managed to use the Code to keep his presence hidden--but the Code is not strong enough to keep him hidden any longer. The Inspector senses Jome’s head is in Feena’s lap—even before she tosses aside the blanket.  He immediately understands the real reason why she does not want to go to Zyllaton.  
“This is impossible. This cannot be,” he rasps.  
It is time, she realizes, to make him hear the truth. Then, she says what she never thought she’d ever be brave enough to say to this grimly powerful being from another world. “You ask me who I’ve been talking to.  I’ll tell you.  I’ve been talking to—someone—I love.  I can never go to Zyllaton with you, Inspector.”  
He is beside himself with fury.  “No one turns me down,” he roars.  “No one.  You choose to stay with someone who has a head but no body?  This is intolerable.  I can offer you whatever you wish on Zyllaton.  As my assistant you can have unlimited powers!”
“But not love,” she thinks.  
“I heard you.  Love?  What is it?  A demeaning, disgusting emotion that only humans feel.  It has brought the Earth to its low state and kept you from a destiny that could have been yours.”  
He is truly losing it, she thinks.  
“Is this what it means to be human?  To completely desert me?  You are vermin to me now.  We were right when we tried to destroy every one of you.”
“Enough of this,” says Jome quietly. “Goodbye, Feena.  Whatever happens I will never forget you.”  
“Wait, Jome.  This is so insane.  It can’t be happening.”  
She has never felt such overwhelming anxiety.  
“We’ve run out of time, Feena,” he says. “I must act.”  They stare at each other for a last, long moment. The cabin fills suddenly with an intensely brilliant light and a brief instant of suffocating heat.  Feena is gone.  Left behind on one of the pilot seats is Jome’s head.  
The Inspector is contemptuous.  “A very stupid use of your second and last imperative—teleportation.  You will be sorry you didn’t save it for yourself.  And what now, Mr. Jome?  You are the one coming with me to Zyllaton?  Wait till you see what’s in store for you.  You will scream for mercy, but I will make sure you get none.”  
“We are not going to Zyllaton, Inspector.”  
“We are if I say so.  Where is my pilot?”  
“He is not coming with us.  I am the pilot.”  
“You---a head without a body?  You cannot possibly fly a spaceship.”
“The Code will fly it for me.”  
“The Code?  What do you know about the Code?  You’re a mere maton. You know nothing about the Code.” 
“It resides inside me, placed there for safe-keeping by the Commander.”
“This is intolerable.  I was never told this.  But it is no matter.  This space ship is going to Zyllaton under my command.”  
Jome regards the Inspector with a thin smile.  “No, it’s going where I want it to go,” he says firmly and quietly.  
They are drowned out now by the cacophony of propulsion devices starting up, propellants flowing, the smell of electricity and other mysterious energies racing through circuits all around them.  The space ship starts to move.  It turns onto a runway.  It flees down the tarmac and takes off, knifing sharply upwards into the planetary blue.  Then, instead of following an arrow’s path to faraway Zyllaton, it curves steeply and heads in the opposite direction.  
“What’s this?” says the Inspector.  He suddenly feels something he barely understands in himself:  an overpowering fear.  
“We are going for a ride, Mr. Inspector,” says Jome.  “A last ride to save the Earth.”  
“This is monstrous. I command you to turn this ship around immediately.”  
“It can’t be done.  You once told Feena you never lose, but I’m afraid you’ve lost this time,” he says.  “To a head without a body.”
Feena finds herself floating down onto the gentle sands of a familiar beach in the South Pacific---and who is there to greet her but her brother Gailus.  He gathers her in for a tearful hug.  ‘I couldn’t figure out what had happened to you, Feena, but it’s wonderful, super wonderful to have you back.  What’s going on?” 
She fills him in as quickly as she can, especially about the imminent threat of the approaching asteroid, the threat that might be about to destroy them all.  She tells him also about her love for Jome and about his determination to sacrifice himself to stop the asteroid.  Now they look up at the sky where an unimaginably huge object is shouldering slowly toward the Earth.  
“Oh, Jome, Jome,” she whispers.  “What we might have had, what might have been.”
The Commander still sits on the runway light at the Brazilia airport.  The stove-pipe phantom is beside him, fully inflated again, peering through the telescope.  It’s not clear how it managed to get its blower hooked up, but it did.  The telescope has been there the whole time.  “You should have a look at this,” it says.  
The Commander hauls himself over to the eyepiece and sees a spacecraft glimmering golden in the sunlight heading straight for the raw grimy hulk of the slowly tumbling asteroid.  “I can’t believe it,” he says in awe.  “I think it’s going to smash right into it.” 
“Woweewow, look at that!” cries the freak.  They don’t need the telescope to see the enormity of the explosion. 
A seemingly endless cataclysm tears apart the sky in the west.  The asteroid crumbles itself into a vast fog of debris as it envelops the Earth in a drawn-out roar.  A few large fragments of burning boulders hail down around them.  Looking up they see that there is still a chunk of the asteroid left behind in the sky—a great fist of rock that is no longer headed for the Earth but is lumbering off into space.  The planet trembles under them and, then, is quiet.
“We’ve survived, Commander!  We’ve survived!”  The stove-pipe wraith looks furtively around it. “The whole planet has survived!”  
The Supreme One shakes his head--stunned, unbelieving.
“What now?”asks the puppet. “What comes next?”  
The Commander very slowly smiles.  “I guess I’m supreme no more.  But now we all get to try again, to start over---even the matons but the humans especially. This place does belong to them.  Let’s hope they get it right this time—or at least more right.”  
“Fat chance,” says the gas pump hoodoo flopping its arms. “You know how they are.  Same mistakes over and over.”  It yanks about and leans over at a right angle. “I hope they’ll still have gas stations and car washes,” it says.  “I mean what am I going to do with myself if they don’t?”  
“What about me?” says the Commander. “What’ll I do in an all new world?”  
“Hey, I’ll pull them into the station,” says the freak. “You can pump the gas. The full service side.  It’s easy.  I’ve watched them.”  
It sees the Commander lean down to pick up a piece of the asteroid that fell near them.  “Don’t touch it, you numbskull!  It’s still hot!”
“Yeah, yeah, stop telling me what to do.”  
The roadside banshee looks at him fondly. “You’re always going to need me, man.”
At this point I’m going to sign off as your storyteller.  I need to honor an historian’s obligation to be truthful, so I cannot vouch for what I’ve been told happened next.  What I can vouch for is that it is in the best tradition of human storytelling.  And it won’t harm you or anybody else to believe it. 
Besides---why let it end in sadness and sorrow?
Feena is sitting with her brother Gailus on the sandy beach of their South Pacific island some time after the cataclysm that has saved the Earth.  She is uncontrollably sobbing. “You really did love him, didn’t you,” says her brother.  
“I did, Gailus, I did,” she says.  “He was so sweet, so great.”  
He smiles. 
“Don’t smile, you jerk. That’s not nice.” 
“Okay, I won’t—but I do have something to tell you.  Something you’ve completely forgotten about.”  She frowns though her tears. 
“You have an imperative, a wish you haven’t used.”
“What are you talking about?”  
“Uncle Jebba’s amulet has a wish just for you inside it.  Remember?  He told you, and you told me.”  
“Yes, yes, I do remember now.” The tiny, rough-hewn lump of gold with its embedded emerald is still hanging on its leather thong around her neck.  Giving it to her was the last thing he ever did while he was alive.  She grasps it in one hand.  “Do you really, really think—?” she asks.  
“Yeah, ask for anything.  It’s how he wanted you to use it.”  
A smile lights up her tear-wet face like the sun banishing a storm.  She leaps to her feet and runs to the ocean’s edge.  Her mouth moves with some whispered words.  Everything is wondrously hushed for a stretched-out moment.  Then, far down the beach a figure appears walking toward her.  She senses something familiar about it, even at this distance, something very familiar. “Yes, yes,” she says, soundlessly mouthing the words, then, shouts them, screams them and runs fast and faster toward the distant figure.  He is running toward her waving and waving and waving.  
“Feena!!” 
“Jome!!”
THE END
