Through Time And Space

Copyright 2020 Samie Sands
Published by Samie Sands at Smashwords
 
 
 
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
 
Prologue

‘I remember it like it was yesterday, even though I was only eight years old at the time. The announcement broke out over the radio waves letting us all know the nuclear war had started, it was the end of the world as we knew it. I held my father’s hand and we sobbed together hopelessly. I old enough to understand we were all going to die, but young enough to believe that at least we were going to see my mother once more. She’d passed away due to pancreatic cancer three years before. I couldn’t wait to see her face again; I just didn’t want to have to end my life so young for that to happen.
Very soon, the bombs got closer to us and the planet was slowly destroyed, piece by piece as the wealthy men killed as all because of their dumb pride. I tried to prepare myself, but there was no way to get ready for that. I hid under the table with my dad, where we just waited. 
Waited for the gruesome death to come.
There was an ear-piercing boom, and everything turned blinding white. Instead of feeling my body shut down like I was expecting to, I felt a deep pull. One so powerful I couldn’t resist it, even if I tried. I was sucked, pulled, torn away from my home, my life, everything I knew...
Including my father.
The next time I woke up I was somewhere new. I knew I wasn’t on Earth anymore because I found myself surrounded by the sorts of creatures I’d only read about in books. I assumed I was dead, and this was some sort of afterlife, but then I looked across and saw the creatures eating another child, one that they’d killed, and they were coming for me next. My survivalist instinct kicked in and I ran.
I didn’t stop running, adrenaline pushing me forward until I staggered, stumbled and fell down a hole. That familiar sucking feeling consumed me again and after a few seconds, I found myself on yet another planet.
It took me a long time to work out what was going on, to unravel this bizarre mystery. The nuclear war tore open a hole in reality, in time and space. Now we’re able to travel through other dimensions, to other planets, with ease. The only problem is a lot of the worlds are hostile and they hate humans. I’ve seen the odd few mostly confused humans like myself, but they all seem to end up dead. 
It’s like I’m the only one cursed to keep on living.
I’m used to it now though; I don’t get attached anymore. All I want to do is find my father, I believe we got separated as the blast went off, so he could be anywhere. One of the last humans I ran into told me that a few of us have gone back home, and they’ve found a surprisingly habitable planet. If that were true, it would be amazing. We could restart and revamp the human race. I don’t know if it is though, it can’t be. The fallout after a nuclear war can last for generations. 
Plus, we can’t control where we go anyway, so returning isn’t a simple process. We just have to find the ‘exit hole’ at each place and it moves us onto the next. I’m sure some people have found permanent homes along the way, there must be some good places out there, but I can’t settle until I’ve found him.
I will keep looking until I know the truth about what happened to the one remaining person, I have in my family…’

One

“Oh, hell!”
The explosion from the Taser-like gun irritated Raegan, she knew she couldn’t fight it however hard she tried, which wound her up. There wasn’t much that made her lose her cool these days, but the idea that she couldn’t defeat someone, or something as was often the case, wound her up.
She hadn’t survived the last ten years just to be taken down now.
“You alien scum!”
She dived behind a boulder, panting ragged breaths while she tried her hardest to plan her next move. The exit hole on this planet wasn’t a simple one to find, made worse by the raging war going on around her. She didn’t know much about it, but her months here had taught her that no one liked anyone else, each creature despised the next equally, and their main priority was death.
What a way to live!
“Why did you have to die, Toma?” She shook her head sadly. “I could handle this better with you by my side.”
Raegan never got attached, that was her one rule. Emotional involvement always led the heartache because no one survived. Everyone she traveled with always ended up dead somehow, as if she was cursed or something.
But she assumed Toma was different, strong like her. Until he was blown to smithereens right in front of her face, just for standing in the wrong place at the wrong time. Every time her eyes slid closed, she could see him flying around her all in bits, making her sick.
Another one bites the dust.
Traveling with people wad okay, it helped to ward off the loneliness for a while, as long as she always kept them at arm’s length.
Raegan’s red, curly hair tumbled across her pale white face. Her green eyes sparkled with anger while she waited until that creature either did or didn’t fight her. If it came down to it, she was going to have to fight hand-to-hand combat. Her petite figure left her often underestimated, but there was a reason she had survived this far alone.
She knew what she was doing.
“I need to get out here already,” she muttered to her bunched-up fists. “I won’t die here, no way.”
If only she could carry the weapons between worlds to protect herself in the next place, that would make things so much easier. But, of course, each place worked in a different way on its own unique frequency, making it impossible. Just another annoyance in Raegan’s life.
“H...help.”
Her heart stopped dead in her chest, was that...?
“P...please, help me!”
Yep, that was for sure a voice. Now Raegan just needed to work out who it belonged to. The person sounded human, but she’d been tricked by that before.
The growling of the beast intensified, drowning everything else out, forcing Raegan to move from her hiding space to see who it was.
Chaos surrounded her, lasers fired everywhere, but Raegan kept low, underneath it all, just looking for the body attached to the voice. She didn’t care to admit it, but she desperately hoped it was another person. It had been far too long since she’d had a friend.
How long ago was Toma? Too long now...
“P...please, I’m scared.”
A greenish shadow loomed, peering down at something beneath her. Instinct rushed through Raegan telling her this was the voice, the fellow human.
That was something she couldn’t ignore.
“Hey!” She waved her hands above her head. “Hey, you!”
The beast turned, giving Raegan only a glimpse of a shuddering ball of fear beneath his feet.
“Hey, come here. Come and get me instead.”
Stupidly, the creature did as she commanded, lumbering clumsily towards her. This wasn’t one of the more intelligent monsters on the planet which would make him easier to take down.
“Run!” she called to the person behind. “Now’s your chance, getaway.”
Raegan put her head down and ran. She used all the power in her body to charge at the creature, then once she was near enough, she lifted her black Bovver boot high into the air, kicking the creature hard. It wasn’t enough to knock it more than a few steps backward, but she stunned him enough to take off herself.
Raegan ran in the direction of the other human, needing a friend again.
“Oi!” she cried out once he was in sight. “Wait. It’s okay, it’s safe now.”
He staggered forwards a couple more steps before collapsing into a heap on the ground. Raegan soon caught up to him, and once she did, she took a second to drink every inch of him in.
Much as she didn’t get emotionally attached, she liked to remember each and every human she came across, just in case there wasn’t anyone else to recall the human race.
He had olive-colored skin and wide brown eyes. Deep brunette hair too. She imagined him to be roughly the same age as herself, only where she wore bravery he was consumed by fear.
“Are you okay?”
“Th...thank you for saving me.” He completely avoided her question. “Sorry about that.”
“S’okay. It is what it is.”
Raegan grabbed onto her knees and panted as her lungs attempted to refill.
“I’m Miguel, by the way.”
“Well, Miguel.” She stuck out her hand for him to shake. “I’m glad you’re still alive, and if you know where the exit hole is on this hell hole then I’ll be even more pleased! Oh, and my name is Raegan.”
His eyes widened in shock. “Raegan? That’s an unusual name.”
“That’s why my father gave it to me! It’s an old one that apparently died out years ago, but he likes to drag up the past like that.”
“I know.” Miguel nodded slowly. “I’ve heard that story before.”
“What are you talking about?”
If things were about to get crazy, then Raegan didn’t have the time to entertain it. She still needed to escape, that was her top priority over everything else.
“I know...because you’re Raegan Stevens, aren’t you?”
“Huh?” Raegan narrowed her eyes at him, the suspicion that he wasn’t a human after all slowly growing. “Yes, I am...”
“Oh, wow, this is so weird. I know your father!”

Two

Raegan’s heart jumped into her throat and started to pound viciously, even harder than when she faced the monsters only moments before. Could this be real? Or did he mean he knew her father from before? That didn’t seem likely since he was clearly around the same age as her, but just because she couldn’t recall anyone other than her father, didn’t mean others were the same. 
Either way, she needed to establish facts before she got too excited.
“He...he’s alive?” she bit out; her voice hoarse with emotion. “You’ve seen him?”
“Yes, your father is definitely alive. You didn’t know that?” Raegan shook her head, silenced. This was the news she’d always wanted but now it overwhelmed her. “He’s an incredible man, the things he’s achieved are unbelievable.”
“Achieved? What are you talking about?”
“He’s created the largest settlement of humans I’ve ever seen.”
Raegan didn’t know how to take this; her father was with people. She was alone, and others got to be with him. It wasn’t fair...but also, this was good news, wasn’t it?
“I see...a settlement...”
“He’s trying to get everyone back to Earth.”
“But isn’t Earth uninhabitable?”
“Well, your father believes that the wormhole created by the nuclear blast will have gotten rid of the radiation, so by now it should be fine.”
Raegan remembered her father as an incredible man, but she was his daughter and only eight at the time, of course, she would think that. Miguel only just met him as an adult, and he seemed to think so too.
“He’s saved so many people, you know.”
“So, where is he now?”
“The settlement moves around every so often as they hunt for Earth, trying to get back home, and that’s how I ended up here. I got lost. It was a hostile place and I got caught up in a mess of my own making.” Miguel’s eyes fell downwards. “I seem to have bad luck; I’ve created a lot of issues. But you’ve seen that yourself.”
Raegan could see that Miguel needed comfort, but her head span too rapidly for that to happen. She wasn’t great with sympathy anyway, that wasn’t really her forte. Not ever letting anyone in too close did that to her.
“That doesn’t matter, I’m not bothered about saving you, or whatever, I just want to find my dad.”
“I want to find him too. That’s what I’m in the middle of doing. I just...I can’t believe that I’ve met Alan’s daughter. That’s unbelievable.” He suddenly narrowed his eyes suspiciously. “You are her, aren’t you? This isn’t some sort of joke.”
“I should be asking you the same question. Of course he’s my father.”
“I’m sorry, I’m just a bit...this is overwhelming.”
“Tell me about it! I’ve spent the last decade looking for my dad and now you’re here telling me that you know him, that you’ve spent time with him.”
Unexpectedly, a small sob escaped Raegan’s lips. Emotion hit her from nowhere. She now knew that her father was around...but he remained just out of her reach. Still.
“I’m sorry,” Miguel gasped. “I didn’t want to upset you.”
“No, it’s okay.” Raegan tried her hardest to get control of herself. “Tell me more.”
“Well, I met him quite early on, to be honest, when there weren’t many people around, and he told me about you right away. He knew then that you were still alive, and he was right. As a pretty fragile nine year old who was just trying to figure the world out by myself, that was a massive comfort.”
“So, you were alone? When you found my father, I mean.”
“Yeah. I guess my parents could be out there somewhere, but I don’t know. I kinda have this memory that they died in the blast but I’m not quite sure. That might just be the way my child's brain interpreted it.”
“Wow, that’s...I hope you find them one day. It must be hard.”
“I feel like I know you,” Miguel says with a soft smile. “Your dad has told me so much about you, and he’s shown me a picture from his wallet too. You still look quite similar.”
“I do?” Raegan thought she’s changed a lot!
“It’s the wild curly red hair and your violet eyes.”
“Oh wow.” Automatically, she ran her fingers through the hair that usually drove her wild, but today had brought her some good. It made Miguel recognize her.
“Alan has always talked about finding you, and now he has. Or...I have.”
Sadness flew through Raegan. She was closer than she’d ever been before, but still light-years away. It crushed her chest so hard she could barely breathe.
“But he hasn’t, has he? There’s no way we can find him. The exit holes are random, we can’t guarantee that we’ll find him.”
“No...I know you’re right, but if he’s searching for Earth, maybe that’s what we should do too. It’s unlikely and it will be hard, but together we can do it, can’t we?”
Raegan knew that if she agreed to spend time with Miguel then she risked letting someone actually in to her hard heart. This wouldn’t be someone random who she could just choose to not get close to, this would be a link to her father...
But how would throwing away her one-shot feel? Sure, she could hunt for Earth without Miguel, but perhaps it was time to let her barriers slide down, just a little bit.
Every day of this life was different, and more often than not, she embraced every challenge, this was just another one.
“Okay.” She nodded, her chest twisting up painfully as she did. She didn’t feel as certain as her voice sounded. “Let’s do it. Let’s look for Earth.”
Raegan looked at Miguel and he stared right back at her. It wasn’t ever a duo she expected to find herself in, but there was a chance it could turn out to be the best decision she’d ever made.
Maybe.

Three

Miguel struggled to keep up with Raegan. She was so fast, so strong, so powerful. He was utterly amazed by her. In fact, she stirred up emotions inside of him that he didn’t even know he had. His entire short adult life had been focused entirely on survival, and that was actually even more important now, but somehow, he couldn’t focus on it.
All he could see was her.
They’d been looking for two days for the exit hole. Two of the best and worst days of his life. He knew he should be more focused on ensuring he stayed alive, but he kept finding himself watching the scowling expression on this mysterious woman’s face, the swing of her hip as she ran, the fire that blazed through her eyes all the time. 
Everyone else he’d met seemed so...human, but Raegan was like an all-powerful machine. Godlike in her abilities. How could his mind possibly think about anything else?
“Have you ever been to that place with all the vampires?”he asked, shooting out another attempt to get her attention. She gave off vibes that he annoyed her all the time, but he could sense she wanted him around too, even if she couldn’t admit it to herself.
Raegan felt a small smile playing on her lips. Vampires. That should probably seem like a ridiculous notion, but after everything she’d seen, it was completely plausible. 
“Nope. No vampires.”
“I tell you; it was freaking terrifying. I saw two people get their entire bodies sucked dry in seconds. They were completely floppy by the end of it. It was insane.” He shuddered. “I had nightmares for ages after. I kept seeing the redness all the time. The blood, you know. It was horrible.”
Raegan didn’t respond. As Miguel went into more gruesome details, finally glad to have an answer from her, she drifted off. She remembered Sara, the second woman she came across in this new crazy dimension switching existence. She’d been killed in a very similar way on the planet where everyone was invisible. She didn’t even see the attack happening, she was just suddenly drained.Nothing. Deflated. Raegan didn’t sleep well after either.
That was horrible for her, and probably the last person she ever got close to.
Luckily Raegan had been aware enough to run like hell, even then at such a young age. It had been that moment she’d learned she couldn’t be the same person she’d always been.  She had to change, to really grow. She’d always been a popular, friendly young girl, but she’d also relied on too many people for too long. Her dad has always had her back, her friends had always been there too...it was even worse because she’d lost her mum so young. People had been overprotective her forever, and now she was alone. 
Really alone in a world that didn’t look close to getting any better.
So, she’d grown up. It hadn’t been easy, but luckily, she’d been just about old enough to do so. There had been worse times than others, such as when she’d first hit puberty. That was not a time that anyone wanted to spend alone, but poor Raegan had been on a soft, bouncy planet which no one seemed to live on. She’d been there for two months and they’d been the longest two months of her existence. She’d almost gone mad along the way. It was hell, being alone. Having something to fight was awful too, but the loneliness damn near killed her.
She couldn’t be here for that long, not now she had a purpose. Her dad was alive somewhere and she needed him so badly it ached. The throbbing in her chest wouldn’t subside until she had her arms around him.
“How the hell are we going to get out of here?”she finally mused out loud.
“Um...” Miguel was stumped. Normally other people did the exit hole finding for him. “How do you...normally get out?”
“Well, it’s always a hole or a pit, something of that nature. Of course, I’m sure you knew that. But they always seem to have this energy about them. It’s the sort of thing that you can tune into. Once you know how the energy feels, they become much easier. But this one...is a real pain! I can’t feel anything. It’s almost as if there isn’t one.”
The idea of never escaping struck them both hard. Was that even possible? Had they been lucky up until this point?
“Yeah...” A growl sent a jolt of fear racing through Miguel’s system. He despised facing the beasts on this planet. It didn’t help that Raegan fought them with ease. He hated having to rely on her. Especially as he was pretty certain his feelings towards her were only going to get stronger and stronger. With her, he actually wanted to be a better person. He wanted to be the protector. 
He remembered his father always telling him that men were the dominant species. That they had to look after women. He’d wanted to take that on board, but he’d been too young, too afraid. Then he’d grown used to being looked after.
Now, he wanted to grow once more. 
He was going to do something. This time...he was...
His head started to spin; his stomach began to swirl. He gasped, his breaths coming out labored. Fear was consuming him, taking him over. He staggered backward automatically, watching Raegan as she prepared herself for what was to come. 
He needed to do this. He had to. He wanted to so damn badly...
“Raegan,” he tried to call. “For you…”
But he couldn’t get his sentence out. The world was pin holing, becoming ever smaller until she was the only thing in his vision. Her almost translucent skin, her giant mane of wild hair, her stunning expression…wow, she was beautiful. If only he could find the words to tell her.
Then everything around him vanished and all he could see was black.

Four

Raegan heard Miguel fall to the ground with a loud thump, but that wasn’t something she could deal with right now. One of the alien beasts who made this planet their home was coming, and she had to deal with that first. 
The beasts equaled death, and now that she knew her father was alive, death definitely wasn’t an option. Not that it ever had been really.
If Miguel was going to be a fainter, then he wasn’t going to last very long at all. She felt oddly disappointed about that. Maybe it’s because it was the first person similar to her age that she’d stumbled across in this whole mess, or perhaps it was just the link to family. Either way, she knew she was going to fight to save him too.
“Okay, let’s do this.”
She felt her body gearing up, the adrenaline pumping through her veins. The alien beasts didn’t bother her too much really, in the grand scale of things, they weren’t anywhere near as strong as things she’d had to face in the past. As long as she could kill them when they were alone, she was fine. The only thought that bothered her was getting surrounded. More than a couple at a time would become a problem.
It raced through the trees with its ugly, bumpy tail dragging behind it. Raegan raced too, knowing she’d have the best chance of catching it off-guard if she ran at it full force. She jumped up, pushing her strong thighs as high as they could carry her. She landed on its arm and swung out her fist to punch it. 
As she threw her hands around and kicked with all her might, doing her best to harm the beast in any way possible, she spotted something. It was nothing of real significance on this planet, yet it was everything at the same time. She couldn’t believe that she’d missed it. She couldn’t believe that she’d finally found it and she was in the middle of a fight with this damn thing.
That glow…that energy. It could only mean one thing. Her heart raced faster, her breaths became ragged, she could hardly contain herself. Desperation to end this now became all of her.
“Ugh,” she grunted, kicking harder. Miguel. She needed him to wake up too. She couldn’t just leave him here in this hell, he’d never survive.
Damn it, this is why she hated having people with her, relying on her, leaving her in danger.
She turned to look at his body, still lying there frozen on the ground, and that was the action which gave the monster the opportunity lay his teeth into her shoulder, tearing some of her skin from her body. Hot blood trickled down her back, making the pain even worse. Raegan was okay with blood, but it was always problematic. There weren’t exactly hospitals with easy access in these universes. 
“Argh, no!”she screamed, agony tearing through her. 
Raegan had never been hurt before. Not like this, and it destroyed her, knocked her confidence and allowed the pain to consume her. She started to feel herself go woozy. Her kicks felt less powerful, her hands barely connecting. How had this happened? Damn Miguel! This was his fault. 
She felt the beast drop her body to the ground. She even felt her leg being pulled and her body drag along the muddy floor. Was this it? Was this the end for her? After she’d just learned about her father, she was being taken to be killed. 
Her dad. 
If she let this happen to her now, then she sacrificed any chance to ever see him. She couldn’t let that happen. She’d spent the last ten years surviving on the hope that she’d get to be with him once more. Now, this was her chance and she couldn’t throw it away. Not over some injury that was probably really minor anyway. A surge of something burst through her and she started to shake, to try and push the thing off once more.
“Raegan?” She heard a weak voice call out. She grunted but couldn’t call out to reply. She desperately wished that Miguel would gather up enough strength to find her, but she didn’t hold out much hope. The passing out suggested a weakness that wouldn’t save the day.
She thrashed harder, she really fought for her life with everything within her. Harder than she’d ever done before. Now she felt a little like her life had meaning. This was overwhelming, yet exciting at the same time. It was a deep thrill that she hoped would get her through anything, including this.
Raegan finally had a chance to get something real in this crazy life that felt like a nightmare.
Suddenly something crashed into the beast, knocking it to the ground. As it fell, it released Raegan’s leg. Fearing that it was something worse than she’d already been fighting, rather than Miguel magically rising to his feet and saving the day, she took the opportunity and ran like hell. 
“Miguel!”she screamed. She didn’t want to hang around on this damn horrible planet any longer than she had to. She wanted to get the hell off it now she knew that she could. Especially since she was injured. She didn’t need any of this. “Miguel I’ve found the exit hole.”
As she neared it, she feared she was going to have to make a decision she wasn’t ready for. She was going to have to choose between what she wanted to do, and what she felt was right. 
Did she save herself and leave Miguel? Or did she remain and continue to fight for him outing them both at risk? Heart overhead. Moral fiber over survival instinct. Which one would win out?
Luckily a human-shaped shadow appeared in the distance and relief flooded through her. She didn’t have to choose, he was here. He’d made it.
“The exit hole,”she panted. “It’s...it’s there.”
Five

The sensation of moving between dimensions was weird. It felt like all Raegan’s insides were being torn from her body. When she first experienced this, she’d been convinced she was dying, but over time she became more adjusted to the feeling. Not that she’d ever fully get used to it. What she wasn’t expecting was the warmth that came from the strange hand slipping into hers.
She’d not had any human physical contact since all of this began and she didn’t know what to do. It made her cringe and clam up, yet it ignited something brand new from the depth of her at the same time. She wanted to shake Miguel off, but at the same time, she couldn’t. She didn’t know why.
She knew she should when she felt them ending their journey, but she clutched tighter to him instead. It wasn’t until their bodies hit the ground with a thump, that their hands fell apart leaving Raegan cold and alone. 
Miguel lay spread across the ground, calmly relaxing for a few seconds, but Raegan instantly jumped up to scout the area. She didn’t want to be caught out unaware. She liked to know as much as she could right away, as soon as she landed.It was the only way she could assure safety. 
Exit and entrance holes tended to be avoided by the inhabitants of the planet, but she couldn’t cope without utter certainty.
“It’s so...white!”she muttered to herself. Never had she been anywhere that was so one dimensional before. Normally she was faced with all kinds of weird and wonderful sights. This was just all...plain.
“What the...?” Miguel also looked shocked as he rose to his feet. This showed Raegan he’d never been anywhere like this either. “This is just blank. It’s nuts.”
“Okay,”Raegan breathed decidedly. “Let’s find the exit hole.”
“Can we just...rest for a moment?” Miguel asked, looking guilty. He just wanted a second to take stock and this seemed like a safe enough place to make that happen. Strange, but with no immediate danger. 
“Erm...” This notion was odd to Raegan. She’d spent her entire existence on the move, but to be honest, she could see no reason why not. “Sure.”
They both lowered their bodies onto the white ground, looking around them.
“It’s weird isn’t it?”asked Miguel. “When I was a kid, this is how I used to imagine the end of the universe would look. All nothingness.”
“Curious…and now you’re actually living in that.”
“With only one difference. I always imagined each person suffering through the end of the universe alone.”
He grinned at Raegan, again glad to be next to her. She halfheartedly smiled back, his warmth radiating off of him, making it impossible not to feel a little happiness.
“I never thought about anything like that,”she replied, opening up just a tiny crack. More than she ever had done before. With everyone else she’d met along the way; she’d barely even given her name. “I didn’t ever think of anything past Earth. That was it for me.” She snorted out a little laugh. “How naïve I was.”
The sat in silence for a moment, before Miguel spoke out again. “I’m sorry I was weak back there. I know that’s a terrible thing for a man to admit, but I’ve spent the last decade relying on the help of others. I wanted to be brave so badly, that I totally messed up.”
Raegan beamed. She’d never been one to believe men should be the protectors, even before all of this. She was always the child wondering why the princess didn’t save herself rather than waiting for some dumb prince. It didn’t bother her that Miguel wasn’t as equipped for this world as her. 
“It’s okay...”she started, but a warm, wet sensation trickling under her bottom, stopped her in her tracks.
Blood.
She looked down to see it pooling beneath her. All the adrenaline had caused her to forget she’d had a chunk torn from her, that she was injured. It was a good job they’d stopped. Continuing wouldn’t have gone down too well!
“Oh no,”she groaned.
“Don’t worry I have stuff in my backpack.” This was the one area Miguel was actually equipped for. He’d seen plenty of injuries and he knew just how to deal with them. 
As he patched her up, preventing the wound from getting infected, he talked to keep her distracted.
“I’m sorry you got separated from your dad. That must have been hard.” She nodded as a reply. He hadn’t really expected her to say much, she clearly wasn’t ready yet. “He’s a good man though. I’ve always thought he’ll be the savior of the human race.”
“What if we don’t ever find him?”Raegan blurted out, completely shocking Miguel. He never expected an admission of that magnitude. Not this early on. He decided to put it down to the blood loss.
“Well will.” He sounded confident, more than he felt anyway. They would find him. They had to. 
“Yeah.” She was shrinking back inside herself; he could see it. 
“He’s going to be so damn proud of you. He knows you’re doing well, but I don’t think he knows you have been alone so...” he trailed off, just thinking how Alan was going to feel to know his daughter had been by herself since a very young age. 
He also wondered what he’d think about the woman she’d become. 
“That hurts.” She changed the subject rapidly.
“It will, but it’ll feel okay after a while.” He leaned in, examining his work, but as he glanced upwards and caught Raegan’s eye, all sorts of emotions flooded through him. 
Including an unexpected overwhelming desire to kiss her. 
Miguel bit down on his lip hard. He couldn’t have those feelings. He just...couldn’t. Firstly, they were inappropriate in this world. Secondly, she would never feel that way about him. In a million years. Thirdly, her dad would kill him. Literally, kill him. There was no way he’d be okay with this however much he liked him. To Alan, Raegan was still too young for dating and probably always would be.
No, they needed each other to survive—him more than her admittedly—but that was it.
Raegan caught the expression on his face. What was it? Was it...lust? No, she shouldn’t be so big-headed. It wasn’t like she had any idea about the opposite sex, nor did she have any interest in them, not when all the human race was living such a complex life. But the feelings that were inexplicably running through her, seemed to be mirrored in him too.
What should she do?
“Shall we get some sleep?” Miguel asked quickly, totally shattering the mood.
Raegan gulped, trying to swallow her pounding heart. “Er...yeah that makes sense.”

Six

The night should have been a peaceful one. Both Raegan and Miguel knew that here, in this all-white dimension, there was nothing that could hurt them. There were no threatening beasts in the shadows, no beings who wanted to tear them limb from limb, nothing to disturb them all night long. It should have been a wonderful night. Yet both of them struggled with intense relentlessness.
There was something clinging in the air, a real sizzling sensation between them. Raegan felt it deeply, right in the pit of her core, but she didn’t know what to do about it. Her hands itched to reach across, to touch Miguel, almost as if she wanted to check that he was real and not a crazy figment of her imagination, but she resisted.
Once she overstepped that boundary, there would be no going back.
Raegan had only stayed alive this long by playing it safe. She couldn’t change that plan now. Even if the emptiness of this place made it feel like she could.
The emptiness and the safety could only last so long. Soon, reality would come back once more, and she couldn’t risk any kind of emotional attachments.
Bonds were always destroyed by death; she would not forget that.
Raegan eventually gave up the pretense. She stretched her arms high and acted like she was just waking up, just to give her something else to do other than lie around.
“Well, I don’t know if it’s morning or not,” she croaked. “But I think we should find a way out of here.”
She half expected Miguel to argue with her, but he couldn’t stand the tension either. It made him feel like he should be far braver than he was, so he agreed.
“Sure, sounds good to me. The more we move on, the closer we get to Earth.”
They both took some time gathering themselves up, procrastinating for reasons they didn’t want to admit, but soon the only thing they could do was start looking.
“This shouldn’t take us long,” Raegan said. “In a place like this.”
“Yeah, you’re right. We will see it quickly.”
Raegan hoped so. She didn’t want to be stuck in a place so barren it demanded awkward conversations to be had. While there was so much hanging in the air, each second felt like an hour.
“Is that it?” Raegan felt the presence of the exit hole before she saw it. “Yeah look, there!”
She raced to reach the hole, relief flooding her, with Miguel not far behind.
“Time to go then, I suppose,” he declared in a false happy tone.
They both stared into each others eyes for a few moments, knowing that if they made this leap and left this safe environment, then they were putting all of this on the back burner. Whatever it was between them. If anything were ever to happen, it would be in a place like this where there was no danger…a hard thing to come across in this existence! 
It was the right decision to make, of course. They didn’t even really know each other, and emotional attachment was bad. But it wasn’t an easy choice all the same.
“Yep, let’s do it.”
“Okay.” Miguel sounded sad, defeated. He couldn’t keep his emotions hidden.
“Yeah.” In this word, Raegan said all she could without actually saying any words. She hoped it made sense.
They fell together, this time purposely reaching out for each others hands. Raegan knew this was dangerous territory. Whatever these feelings were for Miguel, they were something and that was already too much. If he were to go missing or die now, she’d be undeniably gutted. He hadn’t been around long, but it was already too long.
But she wanted to hold him all the same. She wanted that comfort. 
How could she switch her feelings off now? Was that even possible? She needed to distance herself, prepare herself for losing him. It was the only way she could protect herself in the long run. As they tumbled, she decided to pull her hand away and begin distancing herself. She kept telling herself to do it. Over and over, but her body wouldn’t obey her mind.
“Urngh,”she cried out as her body hit the ground hard, probably causing bruises. 
She was so distracted by her dilemma with Miguel that she didn’t do her usual trick of jumping up and hunting for danger. Not until she heard an awful moaning and groaning sound that absolutely terrified her.
She lifted the top half of her body and span her head around to see what the noise was. She found herself faced with a load of shambling, dead-eyed, hungry-looking humanoids.
“Zombies!” She heard Miguel cry out before she could put a name to what she was seeing. Zombies seemed to fit perfectly. They looked exactly like reanimated corpses, hungry for human flesh just like she had once seen in a comic book back on Earth before all this happened. “Run, Raegan! Don’t let them bite you.”
Blood trickled from Raegan’s wound, making her overly afraid that it might attract them towards her more. As she stood, she noticed a massive hoard of the beasts heading her way. 
She took off after Miguel, deciding to put her trust into wherever he was going. It was an uncomfortable feeling, placing her life in his hands—even if it was only temporary—but she was fresh out of other options. 
“Quick, we need to find somewhere to...” Miguel stopped dead in the middle of a road, causing Raegan to body slam into the back of him. 
She could feel those zombified monsters descending on them and her panic levels rose.
“What the hell are you doing, Miguel?” She couldn’t keep the tremble from her voice. Too much had happened too quickly. “Keep going.”
Miguel shook his head slowly before he moved again. This time, his actions felt slower and more deliberate. Whatever had caused him to stop like that, was obviously playing on his mind. Raegan wanted to ask him what was wrong, but the need to get somewhere safe—or even off this nightmare planet if at all possible—was more pressing. 
“High up,”he muttered, almost to himself. “We need to get high up and out the way.”
“How...?”Raegan started to ask, but he carried on chattering.
“Walls. We need walls. We need...” His voice trailed off as he continued to run.
Raegan was already growing tired, which had much more to do with the wound than her. She was much tougher than this and as soon as her body was back to normal, she’d be able to keep up. Trailing behind Miguel—who was clearly not a tough person—was not much fun for her. It hurt her pride, more than she cared to admit.
“Okay, here!” Miguel yelled, please. “This is it!”

Seven

Both of them panted as their bodies hit the hard plywood flooring of the small shack Miguel had found. It was neither high up, nor behind walls, but it did have a moat around it.
“Zombies...” Miguel gasped. “Don’t do well in water...”
“How do you know all of that?” Raegan was shocked, confused, and impressed all at once.
“I used to watch really bad horror movies at my friend’s home when his parents were out,” he said simply as if this was a reasonable explanation. “We loved to scare one another with things like zombies so I know what you can use to fight them.”
“What do you mean? That doesn’t make it fact...”
“Doesn’t make it false either,” he retorted, shutting her up. “We don’t really have any facts to go on, do we? We need some way to keep us alive against the undead.”
Raegan forced herself into a sitting position, wrapping her hand over her wound as she did.
“Does it hurt?” Miguel asked, concern evident in his tone.
“No,” she immediately snapped before guilt flooded her. She was just put out because he knew something that she didn’t. Her pride had been hurt, but Miguel wasn’t to blame “Okay, yes,” she admitted only seconds later. Lying was going to get her nowhere in this situation.
As he checked her over, Raegan stared at his deep, chocolaty eyes that seemed to be filled with a never-ending kindness. Her heart yearned, again she found herself flooded by emotions that she didn’t quite understand. She wanted to speak, to break the silence, to do anything to detract away from the moment, but as it turned out she didn’t need to.
A growl from outside took care of that for her.
“Do we need to get them in the head then?” Raegan whispered as they both sat still as statues.
“I’ll do it,” Miguel replied. He sounded uncertain but also determined. As if he needed to do this, but he wasn’t sure it was feasible. “I will go out there now and do this. It sounds like there is only one...”
“No, I will...” Raegan didn’t want to leave anything to chance, but Miguel held up a hand, shutting her down. He spotted a shard of something—glass, maybe—on the ground by his feet and he bent down to grasp it.
This was it.
His chance to prove himself.
He needed Raegan to know that he was worthwhile.
He’d spent much of his youth playing ‘zombie killers’. He’d spent a lot of his time talking about the zombie apocalypse with his friends when he was just a child. Now was his chance to do it for real. He couldn’t allow Raegan to protect him again. He had to be brave somehow, and this seemed like the perfect time to do so.
He took in a few deep breaths, grasping the sharp material between his fingers, the shard almost piercing his skin.
“Come on, Miguel.”
“I can...” Raegan started but seeing his face stopped her from finishing that sentence. The horrible feeling that Miguel was about to get himself killed was overwhelming, but at the same time, she knew that she couldn’t stop it from happening. Just like the others—nothing she had done had saved them either.
An image of Wade’s dead body hanging from a piping fixture filled her mind. A friend from way back when in the early days when she was young. Wade had been a man in his mid-thirties, who was looking for his wife. He’d survived for so long, and Raegan had seen that he was smart enough to go the whole distance. She’d held utter faith in his ability to continue living. Until he’d made a mistake about an exit hole. She’d tried to tell him that she wasn’t convinced, but he’d dived in anyway, falling right into the trap.
She’d watched the blood dripping off him for hours, before callously turning away and continuing with her own journey. She was ashamed to admit that this was the first time she’d thought about him since. She knew that she had to be that way, for self-preservation, but that didn’t make her lack of humanity any easier to bear.
Don’t die, she thought to herself. Miguel, I would never say this aloud, but I don’t want you to go.
He burst from the building, with her not far behind. The zombie was waiting on the water’s edge for them both—proving Miguel right. Zombies really didn’t like water.
“What’s the plan?” she whispered, watching the disgusting creature roam hungrily.
Its skin was grey, its veins blue and protruding. An eyeball hung down by its rotting cheek and an arm hung loosely from its body. It was a total mess. Its teeth were yellowing and filled with remnants of flesh. Raegan wondered what it naturally ate without humans around, and how long it could survive without and sustenance.
“I’m going to...kill it.” Miguel sounded uncertain now. Afraid almost.
Raegan flicked her eyes over to him, worried. He needed this to go well. So, did she. If only she knew anything about zombies, then she could give him some pointers about killing them!
She watched him storm forward. “Be careful!” she found herself crying out, without even meaning to speak.
Miguel heard these words and used them to spur him on. Raegan might not have been aware of it, but she was already showing him some vulnerability. Although he knew he couldn’t pursue her, it didn’t stop him from wanting to survive for her, to help her, to protect her.
He ran sluggishly through the water, his heart racing the whole time. He held the shard up, feeling a roar burst from his belly. His warrior cry. He needed to kill this zombie now. He couldn’t end up like the characters he watched in those dumb movies, shuffling beasts forever.
Raegan was hurt, she wasn’t her full self. He wouldn’t let that be her either.
He heard the shard slice through the monster’s head, and almost felt relieved until the snapping started up once more.
“No!” he cried out, realizing he hadn’t quite done it right. Either that or every zombie film he’d ever seen had lied to him!
He tugged at the shard, having to keep removing his hands from it, every time the zombie’s teeth got close. The splash of the water burst out behind him, meaning Raegan was coming to join the fight. No, he couldn’t have that.
He pulled one last time, harder than he’d done before, and the shard slid out. He threw his arm back before stabbing it in once more. This time, to his utter relief, he felt the beast slump to the ground, dead.
“Are you...?” Raegan threw her arms around him, hugging him close. That had almost gone so wrong, her heart was still racing with fear.
Miguel was suddenly overcome by hysterical laughter. Elation flowed right through him. He picked Raegan up, and swung her in the air, all the while, bellowing with humor.
“That...that was so cool!” he finally yelled, before allowing her body to slide down his.
Just as everything was about to take a serious turn, they heard the hoard descending once more.

Eight

“Run!” Raegan yelled, and to be honest Miguel was glad. Killing one had been one thing but that many...hundreds...no way, he didn’t stand a chance.
“Can you run?” he asked. “With your leg?”
“We’re about to find out!”
Raegan took off and Miguel followed. He wasn’t actually that surprised to see that somehow, she was still so much faster than him, even with the injury. Of course she was. That girl was wonderful, inhuman in her crazy abilities.
If he had met her under any other circumstances, he would be falling in love right now. It wouldn’t even matter that they barely knew much about one another.
But this wasn’t a different situation, and he had to keep his emotions in check.
“What’s that?” Raegan yelled behind her. Her breaths were ragged and her voice a little stilted, but Miguel could sense the excitement reverberating off her tongue. “Is that the exit hole?”
He had no idea what she was talking about, he couldn’t see it, but he didn’t have the same phenomenal senses that she did. He might have killed an enemy, but he didn’t yet have her mad skills.
“I freaking hope so.”
Surviving the zombie apocalypse for the few minutes that they’d been here was enough. Playing it as a game was okay but the reality was horrible. The stench of the undead blood and gore all over him was nearly enough for him to vomit everywhere.
Once upon a time, he was just a boy existing. On the outskirts of the group, doing as little as possible and surviving well. Now, with Raegan, he had the potential to be so much more.
“Yes, it is, look.”
Raegan reached her hand out behind her and Miguel grabbed it eagerly. He was going to always look forward towards this moment if it meant he could have this human connection, and with someone, he thought so highly of as well.
Just as they were about to fall, Raegan span and she gave him the most adorable smile, almost tearing his heart right from his body.
Then they tumbled into the abyss. They fell together, hard and fast. Both of them were consumed by the relief that they were escaping that nightmare, an actual scene from a horror movie, but they feared where they would end up next.
The possibilities were endless.
“Oof,” Raegan cried out as she slammed against the floor. Grass tickled her skin and for a brief moment, she was transported back to a simpler time. A time when it was her and her father, hanging out, having a picnic, just living a simple life on Earth.
“Earth!” Miguel cried out as if he could read her mind. “Look, we’re here!”
Her eyes snapped up, hope almost consumed her, she nearly vomited with excitement. This was Earth, the edge of Central Park to be exact, they had made it back home...
But was it home?
It was hard to believe that it was home with all the people racing around them. There couldn’t be this many people around after the nuclear war, not that many who survived. And even if there were how did they all end up back on Earth? How did they all find the exit hole? That made absolutely no sense. Also, why did life seem so busy? Surely there would be a lot of rebuilding needed fist.
Raegan probably wouldn’t have moved from where she lay on the ground if a man with his face glued to his cell phone didn’t almost trip right over her. While he cursed her, she jumped up with Miguel not far behind.
They didn’t fit in here with the humans. This was what they had so desperately been looking for but now that they had it, it was all wrong. They were all dirty, feral, survivalists, but the people around were clean and in suits, ready for their day.
“Two thousand fifteen?” Miguel cried out. “But how is that possible? That’s in the past.”
Raegan wasn’t sure either, but with everything that she’d seen she would believe anything. “Maybe this is an alternative version of Earth. Or the nuclear bomb ripped a hole in everything, so we have gone back in time.”
“We could... stay here?” Miguel enquired. “It’s home, isn’t it?”
“We could but then we would be just waiting for the war. Wouldn’t we?”
“We could see our families again.” Miguel got a faraway look in his eyes. “We could warn people, stop the nuclear war from happening, we could save humanity before it gets torn apart.”
Actually, that was a little bit tempting. Raegan was tired of the fighting, of the surviving, maybe it was time for something new.
But before she could get too lost in this new fantasy of hers, a sound from behind gripped her and wouldn’t let her go. She span slowly, her heart in her mouth, icy fear clinging to her.
“Oh no.” She shook her head rapidly. “This cannot be happening.”
But it was. The stench of the undead filled the air, the sounds of screams, of bites, of the world she had just left behind. It had tumbled through the exit hole with her and found here.
“What the...?” Miguel demanded, just as struck as she was. “What do we do now?”
The busy, metropolis city became chaotic. It completely surrounded them. Screams, blood, carnage...whatever version of Earth this was, whether it was the past or an alternate timeline, it was gone now. Lost to the undead. This seemed to be the sort of virus that a planet couldn’t escape from.
“I guess we can’t stay here anymore,” Raegan declared as they saw the hoard growing. “Our hunt continues. And right now, we need to run again. Do you have it in you?”
“We don’t have a choice,” Miguel replied. “We have to get out of here.”
Panic transformed into action and both of them took off, each individually wondering if this cycle of fear was ever going to end.

Nine

“This is a nightmare, Miguel.” Raegan paced the hotel room floor, panicking. “Because of us, this place is ruined. Whatever reality this is, it’s done now.”
Miguel wanted to point out the good parts. The fact that they had food, warmth, a place to stay, but he remained silent. He knew it wouldn’t matter. This wasn’t about what they did have. It was about the ever-increasing number of the undead outside.
This was not a game any longer.
“This cannot be our version of Earth,” he offered, trying to make it better. “I don’t know much about time travel, but surely if the human race dies here then we just don’t exist.”
Raegan tried to wrap her head around this one, but it was far too complicated. Unhelpful too. Even if they worked out this crazy question, it wouldn’t change anything. She had always focused on survival and that needed to stay the same now.
“I don’t know what version of Earth this is. I just want to get out of here. I want to continue on with the journey of finding my father. I can’t imagine an existence where he doesn’t exist anymore.”
Miguel didn’t know what to say to that one, so he grabbed the TV remote off the bed and brought it to life. Endless reports of zombie attacks filled the news. Right now, it seemed to be isolated to New York, but both of them felt like it wouldn’t last too long.
He idly picked up a bag of chips and shoved one into his mouth. The crunch irritated Raegan and she snatched the bag from him.
“What are you doing?” he whined. “I’m starving.”
“I want you to take this a bit more seriously!”
“But that’s food. Human food. Real food. Who knows when we’ll get this again?”
“Huh.” That blindsided Raegan a bit. She hadn’t thought of it that way. “I suppose so.”
She crunched on a chip herself, but the texture made her gag. It might have been human food, the sort that she used to eat once upon a time, but she had spent the last decade surviving in a different way.
Was this a sign that settling back to ‘normal’ life wouldn’t work for her.
Raegan slid her body to the ground and held her head in her hands. She was fighting for something, for a version of this before it went to hell but living a ‘normal’ life would be troubling for her. Seeing it, even for a few moments, wasn’t the relief she thought it would be.
Without even realizing it, a tear slid down her cheek.
“Oh, Raegan, are you okay?” Miguel gushed. “Sorry, I didn’t realize that this had hit you so hard.” He moved to sit beside her. “We didn’t mean for this to happen, don’t forget that.”
“This isn’t guilt,” she sniffed. “I don’t know what it is really.”
Miguel brushed his finger up and down her cheek, and Raegan didn’t stop him. Her emotions were in a muddle and she had no idea how to rearrange them. Her eyes were dragged upwards, the connected with Miguel’s in an instant.
His delicious, warm brown eyes.
Her heart stopped beating, she couldn’t get any air into her lungs, Raegan was frozen just looking at this guy, knowing that everything she was feeling wasn’t right. She needed to switch these butterflies off, the flutter racing through her system.
But she needed it. This was better than sadness.
A magnet pulled them in, it happened out of their control. Raegan’s brain was screaming at her that this shouldn’t happen, but her body craved this, wanted him. She couldn’t resist.
Stop this, Raegan, don’t fall for him...
Yet her hands reached out, she balled them up in his hair, and she yanked him to her and kissed him hard. Their lips crashed together in an explosion of intense fireworks. Neither of them had ever been kissed before, but they didn’t need anything to compare it too, to know it was phenomenal.
This is what I’ve been missing out on...why?
An involuntary moan escaped her lips. The passion was overwhelming. Hormones that Raegan didn’t even know were within her burst free. The urge to pull him up onto the bed nearly consumed her.
They both pulled back and stared at one another, half-lidded, seductive, riddled with desire.
What now? Raegan wanted to ask. They’d already overstepped that invisible boundary, she’d broken all the rules, why not go further?
“We should...” Miguel started, in a croaky, desperate tone. “Probably keep safe.”
Raegan’s heart sunk. He was right, she knew that he was only being sensible, but it crushed her all the same. Maybe it was for the best though. They didn’t want to end up doing something that they later regretted.
She also needed the time to work out why Miguel was the only one she had ever even considered breaking the rules for.
“Yeah, you’re right. We do need to get some safety.”
“Did you want to go now?” Miguel sat up straighter. “Or should we get some rest?”
Raegan knew that staying was risky, for so many reasons. “We should go. Who knows what the streets will be like in the morning? We don’t want to end up trapped.”
Raegan wandered over to the window to take a look at what it was like now. Even since they came into this hotel it had gotten a lot worse, moving was the only smart option. Thank goodness they had stopped the kissing when they had. Even if she didn’t want them to...
“Oh wow!” She didn’t even realize that Miguel was behind her until his voice burst into her eardrums. “Is that it?”
“Is what...what?”
“Look, over there.” He pointed into the distance. “The exit hole. Is that it? I can see the glow.”
Raegan was stunned. She couldn’t believe she missed it. How distracted was she? “I don’t know, I think you might be right.”
They shared a smile, back to friendship for the time being, which was probably for the best.

Ten

“Where are we now?” Raegan demanded the moment they landed, their hands snapping apart as if a spell had been broken. “Can you see anything?”
Miguel blinked a couple of times, his eyes slowly adjusting to the new, very bright light. “I don’t know. It doesn’t look like anywhere I’ve ever been before.”
Raegan nodded. For some reason, she had never revisited anywhere either, which seemed crazy with all the randomness surrounding this journey. Perhaps going back was impossible.
“What do you want to do?” Miguel continued. “Sleep, eat, or...”
“I...”
Before Raegan could answer, a shuffling sound grabbed both of their attention. Even though it terrified the pair of them, there was a welcome feeling of having something else to focus on than just each other. They couldn’t deny that things had become awkward ever since that kiss, and neither of them quite knew how to overcome it.
“What was that?” Raegan hissed.
“I don’t know, but I think that just answered our question for us. We need to get out of here...”
Raegan nodded sharply and went to move but couldn’t. Her legs were stuck. She tried to call out to Miguel who’d gone a few steps ahead of her, but her lips were stuck together too. She felt ice-cold as if she’d been frozen but was still aware.
For one heart-stopping moment, that’s what she thought had happened.
“Who are you?” a bold. yet incredibly feminine voice boomed. “What do you want?”
Raegan couldn’t even see who was talking, her neck remained stuck in position.
“We...we...” Miguel simpered.
The pain in her chest wasn’t just for herself, she didn’t just want to be free so she could defend herself against whatever threat had come her way. It was for Miguel too, painfully so. A part of her would die if anything happened to him.
This is why I shouldn’t get attached, she thought sadly. But it’s too late for that now.
“What are you doing here?” the woman yelled again. “What do you want with us?”
“N...nothing. We came here by mistake...it wasn’t supposed to...”
“Shut up!” She cut Miguel off. “I do not want to hear your lies. “You have come here to take things from us, to steal our way of life. Which will not happen!”
The next time Miguel spoke, he had a trance quality to his voice. This almost tore Raegan apart. If any of her could move, she would’ve fallen apart.
“Our world has ended. War destroyed us,” he said as if his voice box no longer belonged to him. “The fabric of time and space split apart to save some of us from the nuclear blast.”
Save? Was that possible? Raegan had never thought of it like that before. She simply viewed it as bad luck.
“We travel through exit holes in an attempt to find our world again, but I fear it will not happen. I am afraid that we will travel until we die.”
“Hmm, that must be the truth,” the woman continued. “Because you are under my magic which has never let me down before. But why keep running? Why not settle somewhere new? A nuclear blast will have torn your planet apart. There is nothing to go back to.”
Those words caused a sob to freeze in Raegan’s throat. She hated how accurate they were. She’d been clinging to this hope, pinning everything on it, but it may not be right. This might be a fight not worth battling.
But Dad, she reminded herself. I still need to find Dad.
“It is not home. We need home.”
“You clearly destroyed your home. This is all your fault.”
“Humans did make mistakes, but we will learn a lesson from this. It won’t happen again.”
All of a sudden, Raegan felt herself falling uncontrollably. The ground rose to meet her face and she lay there in a heap. It hurt, but she was too relieved that she could move again to care.
“We just...we just want to leave,” Raegan gasped out through a ragged raw sensation in her throat. “We don’t want any trouble. This isn’t our home. We just want to move on.”
She darted her eyes upright to see the most stunning looking woman she’d ever seen. Long blonde hair cascaded around her curvy waist, her cleavage popped up nicely by her sweetheart shaped face. Her plump red lips curled into a smile, and a little black dress skimmed the tops of the longest legs Raegan had ever seen.
She was gorgeous and a little too close to Miguel. It was all too much.
Raegan gulped back a bitter ball of bile that lodged itself in her throat. Jealousy wasn’t useful, it wasn’t needed, there were so many better things she could feel...but it was as if this woman had brought out the worst in her and now, she couldn’t switch it off.
“You see, don’t you?” The witch pointed a finger at Raegan. “That’s why I froze you at first. You can see right through me. You know that I do not speak your language, it’s simply how you perceive it, and you know that I am not my usual form, but I am pleasing to your eyes. You know more than you let on.”
As soon as those words left her mouth, Raegan knew that she was right. She had ascertained that much with ease. Her years alone had taught her always to be careful.
“Yes,” she jutted her chin out. “I knew.”
“Exactly.” The woman’s form began to change, but the whole world became too dark for Raegan to work out what she was becoming. The deep chill in the pit of her stomach was enough of a warning though. This wasn’t going to be good. “And that is why you pose such a danger to us, why you need to be controlled.”
Raegan looked at Miguel and he stared right back. Both of them knew it, this could be the end.
If only they’d said all of the things that they really needed to say.

Eleven

What the…? Raegan’s head ached as her eyes flickered open. Where am I?
Her hand scooched to one side and relief flooded her as she felt Miguel. She didn’t even need to turn her head to know it was him. He’d become almost as familiar to her as her own body.
“Ah, you are awake, at last. I wondered when my spell would wear off.”
Raegan bolted upright as a glimmer of memory came back. Her and Miguel found themselves in danger at the hands of a stunning woman…
Oh!
The person she found herself looking at now wasn’t the same. It seemed the form she’d chosen to greet them in was a fake one, to make her more pleasing. She hid her purplish spotty skin and her straggly dark hair which reached the ground. Her long legs had been replaced with tentacles which spread out as far as Raegan could see.
“I do not need to hide myself from you, because you know.”
“I know?” Raegan pushed herself into a standing position and moved in front of Miguel who remained passed out on the floor underneath her. She didn’t want to blame him for their current situation, but she never got captured alone! “Know what?”
“You are smart, you can see through deception. I can speak honestly.”
“Right. Honestly. Of course.”
She darted her eyes from side-to-side, drinking in the new environment surrounding them. No longer could they see the sky, they appeared to be surrounded by a dark, damp tunnel. 
“Hi sunt, qui secum in finem mundi. Illi diabolus misit eos perdere...”
The voice didn’t just come from this one woman. It seemed to echo around her as if a hundred people spoke all at the same time. Raegan gulped, trying to swallow down fear. Terror would kill her more than the strange words being spoken.
“I thought you wanted to speak honestly,” she demanded. “Not words I can’t understand.”
“Omne quod scimus quia veniam ad finem.”
“Hey, stop that! I’m starting to get annoyed now. You want to talk then do it!” Raegan squeezed her fists together, trying really hard not to lose it completely. “I don’t want to be here, I just want to leave, but for some reason, you’ve made us stay…”
“You came here by mistake?” the woman asked, her ethereal voice shuddering through Raegan. “That’s what you’re telling me?”
“Yes! We fell through the exit hole without any knowledge of where it would take us. We didn’t want to end up here. Why would we want that?”
“That’s what the last one said as well. He told us that he didn’t want to come.”
“You…you saw another human?” Something about this made Raegan’s heart stop beating for a millisecond. The idea of another person being in this exact situation was almost too much for her to handle. “Someone else was here? Do you know who it was?”
The woman glared. “As if I would care about something so insignificant? The only reason I bring it up is because he murdered one of us. He did what we thought was impossible and ended one of our endless lives. That created a divide between us all. Some of us want to die, others do not want their immortality threatened. That is why your presence is a big deal and why you need to be controlled.”
“I don’t want to kill anyone, and nor does Miguel. You can trust me with that one.”
“Mi…guel?” She cocked her head to one side curiously.
“Yes, Miguel.” Raegan pointed behind her. “He wouldn’t hurt anyone. I don’t know who hurt you people, but that is nothing to do with us.”
“You humans ruined your planet; you are the destroyers. All you want to do is wreck more. Including us. I cannot let this happen. Fifty years ago,you came here and turned our lives upside down…”
“Wait, fifty years ago?” That made Raegan’s head hurt. The nuclear war hadn’t even started then…but of course, she’d been to what looked like Earth in the year 2015, so perhaps she shouldn’t be so stunned.
A hole had been torn in reality, in time and space, anything was possible.
“Okay, well I’m sorry this happened to you, I understand this must be really hard, but there’s one way you can make sure that we don’t do the same. Take us to the exit hole and send us on our way. That way you don’t ever need to see us again. We can’t come back.”
“But we need you. We need you to work out the way to die, so the ones who do not want immortality can have it. You are key like I said.” Her lips twisted up into a nasty smile. “Also, more importantly, I want revenge. I would prefer to make an example of you. You should die for the sins of your people.”
“Our people have suffered enough. The war killed billions of us…”
“Your own fault,” she screamed. “You are the destroyers.”
“But how is that fair…?” Raegan started, but it was pointless, the woman had gone. 
She dissolved into thin air leaving her alone with Miguel who still showed no signs of life. The darkness threatened to completely consume Raegan, her eyes could no longer pick out anything.
“Miguel,” she hissed into the thick blackness. “Miguel, you need to wake up now. I cannot do this alone. This is serious, we need to get out of here.”
She fell to her knees and scrabbled around on the ground to try and find him. Tears balled up behind her eyes, she knew they’d fall if she let them, but she was determined not to. She absolutely couldn’t, especially not while she was by herself. Weakness wasn’t her forte. It never had been, and it never would be.Especially not now.
“Oh dear,” a silky voice broke through the darkness, making Raegan jump. “But you are not alone. In a place like this, you are never by yourself.”
Twelve

“Nrughrrn,” Miguel murmured, finally stirring.
Raegan glanced at him, but only for a second. She needed to work out what this new threat was. A stranger’s voice that had her heart pounding furiously.
“Who’s there?” she called out into the echoing cave.
“I’m not the enemy,” it replied, for nowhere and everywhere all at once.
“How can I trust you?”
“I can’t make you trust me; I don’t have the time to prove to you who I am. But if you want to get out of here alive instead of being subjected to horrible experiments, then I’m the best chance you have.”
“But…you’re one of them, aren’t you?” Raegan wanted to believe what was being said to her, but she’d been through too much to let her guard down.
“I am. But we don’t all want to cause harm. In fact, most of us don’t.”
Raegan shrugged into the darkness. “Well, I guess I don’t have any choice.”
She moved to wake Miguel up, but magic lifted him upright. His confused face tried to drink everything in at once. Raegan did want to explain it all to him, to have him on the same page as her, but they didn’t have the time. He’d understand in the end anyway.
“What now?” Miguel whimpered. 
He didn’t know much, but he was aware knew that something had gone terribly wrong.
“I’m taking you to the exit hole. You need to come with me.”
A sliver of silvery light came into view. It wasn’t so much a person, more an energy. Miguel wanted to question it, but he recognized that look on Raegan’s face. This wasn’t the time.
“We do not have time to waste. You must follow me now.”
The slither of light began to vanish, causing both Raegan and Miguel to race after it. Neither of them truly had the strength for this fast-paced mission, but they did what they could. It didn’t help that every so often they would feel something pressing down on them. A force they couldn’t see. It troubled Miguel when he struggled to breathe but seeing Raegan power through it made it much easier for him. If she could do this, he could too. For her.
Raegan’s hand reached out to grab his. It was a place they’d been numerous times before, but for some reason in the intense powerful dark surrounding them, the electricity sizzled between them even more phenomenally than ever before. Neither of them spoke aloud, but their feelings continued to grow increasingly by the second. It became damn near impossible to remember why they’d been pushing their emotions down.
Why not just go with it? What did they have to lose?
“I want you to escape,” the slither of light burst out, making both of them jump. They’d almost forgotten they weren’t alone for a moment while they got lost in the lust. “To make things right. There was tension between us, years ago, and while I’m sure you’ve heard a skewed version of the truth, we have not been innocent. Not by a long shot. You should not have to suffer because of that.”
“I would like to know more,” Raegan mused. “I feel like there’s a deep history here that we should know about. In the future, when things are…”
She trailed off. She didn’t know how to answer that question. She never ever wanted to lose hope, that would take her one step closer to death, but it’d been slipping off her like a wet towel for a while now, without her even noticing it.
“We do not have time,” the light insisted again. “Not if you want to live.”
Living beat having all the answers, she supposed, but she still wanted to remember. Just in case a time came where she could finally record all of this.
The hallways inside the cave didn’t seem to end. Miguel was just about to get to the point where he assumed this was a trap when the light shimmied upwards. 
“Oh, look!” Raegan cried. “A ladder. We must have to climb it.”
It wasn’t exactly a ladder, but it appeared to be a contraption which did the same trick. Where Raegan climbed with ease, Miguel struggled to find his footing, but determination kept him going. Every time his hands felt slippery and sweaty, he didn’t stop, whenever his foot fell, he didn’t allow himself to fall, he followed the woman his feelings surged for.
“Prohibere! Iisdem indigemus aperire aditus gehennae.”
A voice suddenly exploded out from behind them, proving that they’d been caught.
“Oh no!”Raegan screeched as blasts of light flew past them.
Miguel tried to duck, but it wasn’t easy. He struggled to focus on everything at once. His eyes blurred with fear, the wetness of his palms became a real issue, Raegan disappeared into the light above…
Don’t die here, he begged himself. Not much further.
“Miguel, we’ve found it! The exit hole. Come on.”
He couldn’t lose Raegan; he couldn’t never see her again. Losing one group had been hard enough, losing this beautiful woman he was falling head over heels for would destroy him. 
He pulled himself hard, fighting with every scrap of willpower he had. Flashes and anger burst like fireworks around him, sound seemed to come from everywhere, the light above got smaller rather than bigger, he wasn’t sure that he was heading for it at all, but he didn’t stop.
Not much longer…
Come on, Miguel, you can do this…
The light surrounded him. He didn’t even feel himself pull out the cave, it just seemed to happen. 
But he couldn’t find Raegan. Seconds later, before he’d even had a moment to look around, he was tumbling again, falling into the abyss. He knew this feeling, it was an exit hole, he’d already begun to sink through it…alone.
“Raegan,” he screamed into the nothingness. “I fell, I didn’t mean to, but I feel already. Where are you? I need you with me!”
He didn’t want to be lost, he couldn’t be lost, he wouldn’t be able to survive without her.
Raegan was his destiny. He didn’t want to realize that just as he’d lost her.

Thirteen

“No!” Raegan shrieked as Miguel fell out of sight.
The desperation racing through her almost crushed her organs. She couldn’t lose him, not now. She leaped, jumping higher than she knew she could, grabbing on to whatever she could on the way down.
What the...?
She had something clutched tightly between her fingers as she tumbled hard and fast through the exit hole. It wasn’t Miguel since he’d gone, but she held onto it as if it was. Even when it jerked violently between her fingertips, trying to get away, she held on tight.
“Oof.”
Raegan hit the ground hard, causing a burning ache all over her, but that barely mattered. Her first priority was to check that Miguel had landed in the same place as her. She wasn’t sure how rapidly these things could change, and if he was somewhere else...well, she just didn’t know what she would do.
“Who...who?”
Oh, Miguel was there alright, but he wasn’t alone. A beautiful woman had her arms wrapped around him like he was precious and delicate. It was almost impossible for Raegan to swallow down the thick snake of bitter jealousy coiling through her throat.
“Who are you?”
The woman smiled ethereally at her. “You know me. You brought me here with you.”
“I did?”
This is my fault? She thought angrily. That’s just damn perfect.
“Yes. Through the glowing hole.”
“Oh!” It hit Raegan hard. “You’re the light. The light who saved us.”
“I was then, but now I’m just me. This is my natural state.”
Miguel stirred and flickered his eyes upwards, looking at the witch-like she was a dream. And she was, Raegan knew that. She was absolutely stunning. No way she could compete. The snake grew thicker and consumed more of her veins. She wasn’t getting rid of it anytime soon.
“Who...who are you?” he asked, his fingers reaching up to touch the woman’s face. But he stopped himself at the last moment, thinking better of it. This could be danger. He’d been fooled before. The last thing he wanted was to make that same mistake again.
“You do not need to worry, Raegan brought me with her...”
“Raegan!” He bolted upright and grinned with relief as he spotted her. “I thought...well, I thought you might not be with me. I was so...so scared. You have no idea...”
He jumped off the witch and wrapped his arms around her. Relief flooded Raegan. Even in this woman’s incredible presence, he chose her. He liked her still. She could feel it in his arms.
“I chased you. I didn’t want to lose you either,” she whispered quietly to him.
Her eyes fell closed and she simply enjoyed the embrace for a couple of seconds, before the next challenge would arise and threaten to tear them apart all over again.
“You brought this witch with you?” Miguel asked, causing them both to turn around, to focus on her again.
“Yes, yes I did.” Raegan suddenly jolted with a memory. “Oh! Were you hit by something on the way down? It felt like you were jerking or something.”
“I think that was my world, trying to pull me back. But your willpower kept me with you.”
“Right...I’m sorry about that, I didn’t mean to tear you away.”
The witch moved towards Raegan, looking like she was floating rather than walking. She really did have a Siren state, making it impossible for either of them to drag their eyes away.
“I wanted to leave,” she replied while resting her hand on Raegan’s shoulder. Her touch was surprisingly ice-cold for someone with such a warm personality. “I have wanted to go for a long time. That planet was never for me, but we were not allowed to go.”
“So...maybe I did a good thing then.”
“You did. Oh, and by the way, my name is Hali. It feels very rude to me to have your names in my mind when you do not have a clue what mine is.”
“Hali.” Raegan grinned at Hali, suddenly feeling so much better about her. Now that she’d finally let someone in, and really in, not just for a while, maybe it would be better to grow her group. And having someone who knew magic couldn’t hurt. “Well, it’s good to have you.”
“So, where are we?” Hali asked. “And what do we do now?”
“Do you not have a plan?” Miguel enquired.
“I never thought that I would escape, so no, I don’t.” She giggled. “I guess that is something I will have to figure out as we go along. But you must have a plan.”
“Well, we want to eventually get back to Earth,” Raegan told her. “And I want to find my father as well. Although I don’t know where this is, it seems safe. We could rest?”
Miguel and Hali nodded eagerly, both desperate for sleep after their unexpected little adventure on that planet. Raegan hoped that no other humans needed to go through what they had. Especially not her father...although he might be able to handle it better than she had. Who knew? She hoped to find out someday soon.
She could have taken the moment to ask Miguel for more information about how he was now, but it didn’t feel like the time or place. Not with Hali here.
“Okay, rest it is then. Sounds good. Let’s find somewhere comfortable.”
All of a sudden, Raegan regretted so easily assuming that it would be better if Hali stayed with them. In seconds, the dynamic was already different, and she wasn’t sure she liked it. Even when she continually pushed Miguel away, there was a part of her that still had a piece of him. But with someone else for him to focus on, that could slip away.
Even if he still liked her now, that could fade. It probably would fade one day.
She could be about to lose him forever, and she wouldn’t have anyone to blame but herself.

Fourteen

Silence filled the room. It had been that way ever since the three of them decided to rest the night before. Miguel didn’t seem to even notice it, but to Raegan, the whole thing felt incredibly uncomfortable. There was a tension in the air that she couldn’t work out how to slice it.
“Should...should we move on?” she spoke, more to Hali than anyone else.
“Is that would you would normally do?”
“Sure, yes.” Raegan nodded slowly. “We would. We’re always on the move, trying to get to Earth.”
“Earth, yes.”All of a sudden, it was Hali’s turn to sound strained. “Earth.”
“Are you worried about something?” Miguel rested his hand reassuringly on Hali’s shoulder. “Are you concerned about Earth?”
“I...I suppose so.”
Raegan watched with morbid curiosity as this beautiful witch starred at Miguel like he was the most incredible man alive. Jealousy twisted angrily in her gut. She wanted to drag her eyes away to stop this pain, but she couldn’t seem to manage it.
“I think I’m just concerned that humans do not like witches. After everything that happened in the past, it seems like we might be enemies.”
“Oh no, we don’t have any issues with any other races. You don’t need to worry.”
Miguel’s wide smile was almost too much for Raegan to handle. Especially since he couldn’t know for sure that his words were truthful. They had no idea what was going on. Since he’d left her father’s group, any kind of war could’ve happened...although if she knew her dad, there wouldn’t ever be any violence or hatred under his command.
“We just want peace. And well...we do owe you our lives, so...”
They laughed, a joyful sound, harmonious together. There even appeared to be flirty eyes between the pair of them which was enough to finally tip her over the edge.
“I think we should get a move on,” Raegan snapped. “Find the exit hole quickly. Get away from here. I know it seems safe now, but we have no idea what’s going on.”
The silence was back with a vengeance. She shouldn’t have said anything at all. She had to fix her eyes away from the pair just so they couldn’t see how red she’d become.
“Yes, come on. There isn’t any reason for us to stay. Let’s go.”
Raegan was grateful to Hali, she seemed to sense exactly what she needed, and she agreed with her. This allowed them to hurry up, to get ready, and to get outside to find the hole. That was what she needed, a goal to focus on, to take her mind off anything else.
“So, this is what you have been doing for years?” Hali asked while they walked. “Doesn’t it get exhausting?”
Miguel nodded. “Of course it does. But we have no other choice. Our world was torn apart by the war, and we were all shot about for a reason. If that wasn’t to get back home, what was it? Keeping on going is all we can do.”
“You don’t think it was to settle somewhere else? To start again?”
“Oh no, we are all separate. I think humans need to be together.”
“But you don’t think the war was to tear you apart?” Hali continued. “You don’t think humans need to be apart because they cannot live together?”
Miguel didn’t answer that which wound Raegan up. How didn’t he feel the same intense passion that she did? Sure, he defended their plan for a moment, but at the most important question, he backtracked? No way, she wasn’t going to have that.
“Humans made mistakes,” she practically growled. “But we will learn. We always do. Good can come from this evil, we will make sure of it. I have been traveling for ten years, most of my life, and I have learned a lot. I’m sure everyone else will as well. We will be better.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to offend.” Hali’s tone turned quiet. “I was just asking...”
“We cannot get negative, we cannot question what we’re doing, we have no choice.”
“I understand.”
Raegan didn’t believe that she did because Hali had no desire to go back to her home planet, but she couldn’t be bothered to continue arguing. Instead, she stomped on ahead of the others, unable to bear them any longer. She could hear them conversing between themselves, almost whispering secretly. It wasn’t like she cared anyway. Not at all.
Just keep going, she warned herself. Nothing else matters.
Eventually, she realized she’d been walking for an extremely long time, without coming across anything. But this wasn’t like the white world which was empty, this was something else. There was an odd atmosphere about it, something she couldn’t quite put her finger on.
“What do you think lives here?” she asked, finally spinning around to face the others.
Raegan caught Miguel gazing at the witch, and her looking lovingly back too. Her heart sunk down into her feet. What the hell? Sure, things were complicated between herself and Miguel, but that sure as hell didn’t give him the right to allow his eye to wander elsewhere.
Should she say something? Break up the moment?
She wanted to, she wanted to tear them apart really badly. She wanted to kiss Miguel with everything within her and stake her claim. But she couldn’t. She just physically couldn’t move towards him. She was just stuck there, in one place, watching. It was like torture.
She coughed a couple of times, but when that got no reaction, she span around and carried on walking, hoping the others would follow.
And stop damn well looking at one another.
This was a nightmare. Angry tears pricked her eyes as she considered Miguel slipping through her fingers like grains of sand.
This is nothing, her brain screamed. I need to focus on the future, on moving instead.
She focused on her dad, on finding him and the others, they were more important. Miguel and Hali would soon be a distant memory once everything else fell in place. She’d have too many other people to distract her. They could just be together if that was what they wanted...she wouldn’t care. Not one bit.

Fifteen

As they walked and walked, not stopping even as Raegan’s body became exhausted and ravaged, she did everything that she could to talk herself around, to tell herself that she had to be fine with what was going on behind her. After all, they were traveling buddies. Unless she wanted to go off on her own again, she would have to get used to Miguel falling for Hali.
And why wouldn’t he? She might’ve been a witch, but she was stunning, and Raegan had rejected him too many times, she’d pushed him away, consumed with the worry that any romance would lead to them being killed.
I just need to make out that I’m okay, she told herself determinedly. Fake it until I make it.
“Should we rest?” she called behind her, plastering a fake smile on her face.
“Yeah, we could do,” Miguel replied, the happiness in his tone like a knife to Raegan’s chest. “I don’t know about you but I’m feeling shattered.”
They found a place to sit for a while, giving their bodies a moment to rest. Hali took the opportunity to use her magic to conjure up some food. Raegan devoured it gratefully, but it was still incredibly hard for her to look at anyone else.
“Are you okay?” Miguel touched her shoulder softly. “You’re very quiet.”
“Fine,” she replied with a clear warning to her voice.
“Are you sure?”
“Yes.”
Raegan stepped away from him, trying to create a chasm of distance. The last thing she wanted was to make this awkward for the rest of the journey, so the best thing she could do was keep this to herself.
Then again, she was upset and that was difficult to disguise.
“Hali, could you give us a moment please?”
“Why?” Hali asked Miguel, sounding innocent enough, but her question set Raegan’s intuition alight. She was overcome by the terrible sensation that Hali wasn’t quite what she first appeared to be, that maybe she wanted to cause trouble here.
“We just need a moment, that’s all. Just to talk.”
Miguel’s cheeks reddened. It seemed like he was finally realizing what a tricky situation he found himself in.
“I’m not stopping you.” Hali shrugged and smiled. “You can talk with him here.”
Miguel’s face glazed over, his eyes turned a funny pale shade. He looked like he was under a trance, and he sounded that way when he spoke as well.
“Yes, that sounds fair. You stay here while we talk.”
“No. No way,” Raegan snapped. “Whatever you’re doing, Hali, stop it. That’s not cool. Me and Miguel clearly need a moment to talk alone and you should let us have that.”
“Why?” Hali cocked her head and smirked. “For what reason?”
“Just go for a walk. Leave us be.”
“But...I want him.”
Raegan was blown away; she couldn’t believe those words had just come from Hali’s mouth. It seemed that at least she could trust her own intuition which was good...she thought.
“You...you want him?”
“I do, and it’s best for you to know that I always get what I want.”
Hali clicked her fingers, releasing Miguel from her spell, and she span on her heels to stalk off, smug in the knowledge that she had floored Raegan.
“What’s going on?” Raegan demanded, her arms folding protectively across her chest. “With you and Hali?”
“Hali?” Miguel glanced behind him. “Nothing. What do you mean? I’ve only known her for about five minutes.”
“Well, it seems like something is happening, there are feeling between you, and I think you owe it to me, to be honest. If I have to witness you and her falling in love, then...well, I would rather know in advance, if that’s okay with you?”
“I would never...” He moved closer to Raegan, grabbing her hands in his. The warmth of his touch shot all the anger out of her body. Instead, she was left feeling a little lost. “I like you. Only you. In fact, I really like you. Too much.” He smiled. Mostly to himself. “That one kiss back on the zombie-infested version of Earth was enough to have me convinced that we are perfect together.”
Wow...this was insane. Raegan certainly wasn’t expecting all of that.
“So why...?”
“Why did I hold back? I guess for the same reason you did...because it’s a bit wild to fall for someone when all of this is going on.” They both looked around them, considering the madness they were in. “Plus, I was afraid. I know your dad. I know he won’t ever think I’m good enough for you. He idolizes you and he will want someone so much better, stronger, braver than I could ever be. I didn’t think it was the right thing to do.”
“So, this is about my dad? There isn’t any choice when it comes to what I want?”
Miguel smiled again. “Are you trying to say that you think I’m good enough?”
Raegan shrugged, suddenly too shy to say those words aloud.
“Well, if you think it’s right, and I still keep wanting you no matter how much I don’t think it’s a good idea, then why should we keep fighting it? Maybe we were meant to meet. This was destiny.”
He leaned in, pressing his forehead against hers. The iciness that had consumed her before, melted away. Hali couldn’t break this bond, no matter what she did. This was so much deeper.
“She’s putting you under a spell,” Raegan warned. “I saw it. Plus, she told me that she wants you.”
“Hali?” he asked, stunned. “Really? I can’t see it.”
“I saw it, Miguel. She’s more dangerous than she seems. We need to be careful; we need to get rid...”
“She saved us.” He stepped back, moving his body away from her. “She’s been good to us. Please tell me this isn’t jealousy, because I just told you that I want you...”
“No!” Raegan shouted, anger boiling away in her stomach, returning with a vengeance. How dare he think that he was so perfect she had a reason to be jealous? She had saved him too, or had he just forgotten that?
“Okay, look...”
“Hey, guys!” Hali burst back through the scenery and over to them. Almost as if she knew it was the worst possible moment for her presence. “I think I’ve found the exit hole.”
“Why do you care? Why don’t you just stay here?” Raegan snapped, speaking out of rage.
“On this planet? Where there’s nothing? I don’t think so!” Her voice was sing-song like she was mocking Raegan. “Come on, let’s just go!”
They followed Hali to where she thought she’d seen the exit hole. Raegan felt like they were walking into a trap, but she couldn’t be sure. She wanted to check out this exit hole, just in case, she could escape this nightmare.
“Did you actually see one, or is this just some stupid game?” She finally caved and snapped.
“Game?” Hali faced her love rival. “What do you mean by that?”
Hali knew that Miguel hadn’t heard her thinly-veiled threat. She knew she could make Raegan look crazy if she tried hard enough. The witches might’ve done things differently to humans, but the manipulation rules still worked the same. And Hali was one of the best. The real reason she’d wanted to move on from her planet was because she wanted somewhere of her own to rule, and she saw these two as the perfect way to follow through with that.
This was it, Hali’s chance to get the life she wanted at last!
It hadn’t taken her long to figure out that Miguel was the weak one of the pair, Raegan was another tough female rival, just like the ruler of her own home planet, but she had a weakness in her feelings. All Hali had to do was divide and conquer. It may be taking longer than she’d originally planned, but she’d get there. No doubt about that.
Then Miguel would help her until he was no longer useful. Then she’d kill him. Once she had her own world, he would go. Until then, she had to act like she was attracted to him, just to get him onside. Just to trick him into following her every whim.
“Look, here it is.” She smiled sweetly. “The exit hole.”
Then she shoved Raegan down.

Sixteen

Everything burned as Raegan tore through the exit hole. She attempted to grasp something to stop the inevitable from happening, but of course, there wasn’t. Hali shoved her to separate her from Miguel and she’d succeeded.
She did warn me, Raegan thought sadly. She said she always gets what she wants.
She just assumed that meant magic rather than manipulation, and she’d been naïve to believe that what they shared could overpower that.
I’m without him now. How am I supposed to survive without him?
Every time she was led to believe that Miguel was her destiny, that she was supposed to meet him, he tore from her life once more. Only this time it maybe for good…
“Argh!”
Someone, or something, screamed so loudly it seemed to shake the entire time and space traveling vortex. It raced passed Raegan, hurting her somehow as it went, but she didn’t get a chance to glance at what it could be. Probably some horrible spell Hali had sent after her. At least it’d missed. Of course, it did make her dread what she’d find at the other side…perhaps there’d be something waiting for her.
She hit the ground hard, landing far too much on her head for her liking, causing her vision to blur for a few moments too long. She grappled around, needing a weapon to protect her from whatever she might be about to face here. Being at a disadvantage already wasn’t what she wanted.
A guttural yelling sound exploded, so loudly Raegan had to block her ears from it. It was too much for her, especially with this headache she’d started to develop.
“Hali!” That name made her blood run cold; her body turn to ice. “Hali, no…!”
Finally, she could see, and what she found was too hard to process. A creature, a bit like the demons drawn on Earth, with their snarly faces, horns, and extremely ugly appearances, had a fire tearing from his fingers and he was burning the witch to pieces.
Raegan wasn’t sure if she should be grateful since Hali had tried to destroy her to keep Miguel, or sad because despite all of her bad points, she had saved their lives…
Or perhaps she was meant to be afraid since those flickering flames were undoubtedly coming her way next.
Instead, she felt nothing. She was just…empty.
“She will not be in pain for long.”
Raegan jumped as the wispy voice tickled her ear. “Huh?”
“She is a witch, and one with evil intentions. We cannot have beings with evil intentions here.”
The voice came from a beautiful, ethereal, angel-type being. The complete opposite to the beast with the fire. If Raegan had to define this place, it’d be like Heaven and Hell all in one.
“What…what do you mean?”
The smell was becoming unbearable as Hali burned to a crisp. It took all that Raegan had not to vomit everywhere.
“You are safe, as is your friend. There are no evil intentions within you.”
She gulped and nodded; silence overcame her.
“You are uncomfortable, I can see that. I will take you with me.”
Her feet lifted from the ground before she could argue—not that she intended to. She believed what this angelic creature was telling her, but she still feared that demon coming after her next.
“What’s going on?” Miguel whispered with an obvious tremor in his voice.
“I don’t know.”
Raegan held out her hand to him and he took it. As their fingers interlaced, an intense warmth filled her body. Of everything that scared her, all she couldn’t trust, she had one person here who she could put her full faith in.
How he ended here with her didn’t matter, she’d never allow him to go again.
Eventually, they landed in a cloud-like spot with angelic presences surrounding them. No demons, thank goodness.
“Why have you come to this plane?” the presence who’d rescued them asked.
“We came through the exit hole of another planet. We didn’t know this was where we’d end up.”
“Exit hole? Does that mean…? Has it begun already?”
“Begun?” Raegan glanced at Miguel to see her confusion mirrored on his face.
“The prophecy is coming true. The world to destroy what has always been, will rise and rule.”
“What does that mean?”
“How was the hole torn in time and space?”
“A nuclear war…on our planet. Earth.” Raegan felt the need to explain, just in case.
“Yet, you survived.”
“It isn’t just us. There are many.”
The presence extended her arms wide. “The ones who live, have survived for a reason.”
“A reason?”
“To rule?”
“No way.” Raegan shook her head emphatically. “Humans cannot rule anything. We’re too imperfect. We couldn’t even look after our own planet. We can’t even find one another now…”
“You are all on your own journey for a reason. It has been predetermined.”
“Predetermined? But how can humans’ rule? That makes no sense, we have no powers, no magic, no nothing…plus, as shown in the past, humans easily get drunk on power so make stupid mistakes, ruining everything.”
“Mistakes to learn from. Written, so it will happen.”
Raegan gave Miguel a doubtful look. Even though she’d seen enough not to have a closed mind, this pushed her too far.
“Where is it written?”
That would answer all her questions. If this was reality or just some crazy trick. While she couldn’t work out what this being would get out of tricking her, that made more sense than some prophecy that put humans, and their nuclear war which wrecked everything, on top.
“I can show you.” She lifted them from their feet once more. “I will take you to the prophecy and you can see for yourself. The next step towards a brand-new era where the universe and everything within it will be so much better.”
That seemed doubtful with humans in charge! But it didn’t matter how many times Raegan tried to explain that, the presence wouldn’t listen.

Seventeen

It didn’t matter how many times Raegan read the ancient text; the words didn’t change. They still said and meant the same thing…even if it did feel impossible.
“I don’t get it, Miguel,” she shook her head confused. “This can’t be right. There is no way humans can be in charge of anything. We wrecked our own world; we shouldn’t be able to look after ourselves…”
“But we can learn,” Miguel insisted, much more taken in by the prophecy than Raegan was. “We have learned. The people left behind now aren’t the ones who started the war.”
“Okay, fine.” She rolled her eyes. “Say we have learned our lesson, then fine. But what about everything else.”
“Everything else?”
“Think of all we’ve seen on this journey. All the magic, the beasts, the danger…we’re the weak ones. No one would ever want to listen to us, no matter what’s written, so we don’t stand a chance.”
Miguel enjoyed the fire in every single word exploding out of Raegan’s mouth like bullets. He didn’t agree with her, but that wasn’t the point.
“This isn’t really something we need to worry about right now anyway,” he deflected, trying to cool her down. “We just need to worry about getting back to Earth…”
“We can’t ignore things like this. We can’t leave it for other people to deal with. That’s one of the main human faults and it hasn’t ever worked out well before. Think of global warming. Everyone decided to leave it for future generations to deal with, so no one did anything.”
“It didn’t end the world though.”
“No.” She shot Miguel an ice-cold look. “But only because we blew the planet up first.”
“But that’s all here in the prophecy book, so I guess it was meant to happen.”
“Now we’re believing in fate rather than fact?” Raegan threw her hands in the air in frustration. “Because fate takes the blame off the old rules of Earth.”
“So, what you’re trying to say is we need to be careful with our new rulers? Especially if we’re going to rule everything?”
“I don’t know what I’m trying to say…”
“No,” Miguel interrupted with a playful smile on his lips. “If we don’t want to do nothing, then we should decide. And I decide that you should rule.”
Raegan was silent for a beat too long before the temper erupted from her like a volcano. “Are you kidding me, Miguel? What on earth are you talking about? That’s just…”
He silenced her rant in the only way he could think of. By spontaneously cupping her cheek in his hand and pressing his lips to hers. Raegan’s body tingled from head to toe as their lips moved in unison, the passion overcoming the pair of them. She ran her fingers through his soft hair, a little moan rumbling in her throat as they kissed.
“Raegan?” Miguel murmured as his lips moved down towards her throat.
“Hmm?” Her eyes slid closed. She lost herself in the sensations.
“I love you.”
“What?” She snapped back, pushing him off her. “What did you just say?”
She held her hands out in front of her, panting raggedly. Her eyes searched Miguel to try and figure out what the hell he was talking about. He couldn’t just drop the L bomb like that, as if it was the most obvious thing in the whole damn world.
“I love you.” He shrugged and grinned. “I thought you knew that already.”
“I didn’t know that. I didn’t…”
But she trailed off as she found something intense in Miguel’s eyes. She did know. If she was honest with herself, then she’d known for a very long time. It was just hard to accept because catching feelings put them in danger. Real danger.
Then again, was this life worth anything if they didn’t have love?
“I…I…” Nope, it was even harder to say herself than hear. “I love you too…”
“I knew it.”
Miguel scooped her up in his arms, kissing her hard. The intense butterflies exploded inside of her as she suddenly realized that everything was different now. This wasn’t just a kiss; it was leading somewhere…and she wanted it to.
For the first time in her life, she was allowing herself to be vulnerable, and it actually felt good…

***

“What now?” Miguel murmured as he stroked Raegan’s still naked back.
“Between me and you?” she laughed. “Because I don’t know if we’re in the position to do anything other than take it one day at a time.”
“Oh no, I know that. Of course.” But he kissed on the top of the head, smiling to himself knowingly. Raegan was the one for him. It would just take her a little longer to accept it. “I meant with us. With the prophecy. With all of it.”
Not so long ago, Raegan was all consumed with annoyance and fear about that, and while those emotions remained, they were less frantic. What she had here in this room was far more important. She’d let someone in, and it actually felt good. She needed to cling to that sensation for as long as she could.
“We make it home.” She tilted her head up to kiss Miguel, loving how natural it felt to do so already. “We make it back to Earth and we rule.”
“You’re going to rule?”
“Shut up, you.” She slapped Miguel playfully. “Not me, but someone.”
“So, you’re accepting the prophecy now?”
“I don t know. But I can’t ignore it either. If it is the case then we need to consider it, don’t we? Or we’re just as bad as every other human who didn’t plan for the future.”
“You know what, Raegan?” Miguel hugged her much closer to him. “That’s the proudest I think I’ve ever been of you.”
She basked in those words, loving the way they felt…but she wasn’t going to show him that. She wasn’t prepared to be that vulnerable.
“Give it a rest, Miguel. Come on, let’s get dressed. We have work to do.”
Eighteen

“So…” Raegan narrowed her eyes at the beautiful angel who was hard to look at through the shine. “How do we get home? If there is this mission for us and we need to rule, then at some point we’re going to have to get back there, right? But we’ve been trying for years and all we end up doing is skipping from place to place, never quite making it.”
She shuddered under the power of Miguel’s eyes upon her because she knew what he was thinking about…the insane idea that she needed to lead. She couldn’t handle that insanity on top of everything else. 
That didn’t stop her from swinging her hang loosely in his though. After last night, she couldn’t let him go now. He was her and she supposed she was his as well.
“There is another way.” The angel’s voice remained cagey. “But there is a catch.”
“A catch?” Of course, there was. Raegan shouldn’t have expected anything else. It couldn’t be easy, could it? “What is it?”
“The first human on Earth must begin leading right away. As it is written.”
Raegan tried her hardest to ignore the squeeze of Miguel’s touch. He needed to get that idea out of his head immediately.
“But there might be people there already…”
Her father flooded her mind. That was who she wanted to be there, who she believed should lead since he’d already done a great job of being in charge according to her boyfriend.
“If a human had landed on Earth, then they would be in charge. But no one has made that move yet. Some might say fate has intervened to make it the right person.”
She rolled her eyes with frustration. “No one is saying the right person is me. I read the ancient text and it didn’t say anything specific about me having to do anything. I mean, what if I get it wrong? What if the world ends up a mess once more? The universe as well? It’s too much pressure. I can’t handle it. I don’t think I can…”
Miguel quietened her down by wrapping his arms tightly around her. Much as his hug was comforting, Raegan couldn’t shut the self-doubt down. She was confident in her abilities out there in the world, fighting and defending herself, but leading was something else.
“You can do it, Raegan,” he whispered delicately into her ears. “I believe in you.”
“But fate…fate doesn’t tell me anything. There isn’t any solid reasoning behind it. Ancient texts don’t say that I need to do this, that any of this is right…”
“Shhh.” Miguel pressed a delicate finger to her lips. He’s always been in awe of her and everything she could do, even now, but this was his time to shine. It was his time to help her. “Don’t worry about the long-distance future.  Don’t concentrate on what’s going to happen even tomorrow. Just think one step at a time. Focus on the idea that we can get home at last.”
Raegan’s body sagged with that knowledge. She couldn’t deny how much she wanted to lay her feet on Earth once more. If she closed her eyes, she could recall her last memory there as a young child, clinging onto her father’s hand, waiting for it all to end.
Little did she know that it was all about to begin.
“Fine,” she replied wearily, unable to believe that she was agreeing to this madness. “Fine, I don’t see any other way. We do need to get back, don’t we?”
“Exactly.” Miguel’s’ fingers curled around Raegan’s cheeks and his forehead rested against hers. “Have faith in yourself. Have faith in me and you. We are a team. We can do this.”
She took his hand in hers and nodded in agreement. She might have always been alone until recently, but Miguel was proof that she didn’t have to be again. He was here with her through everything, he would always be there for her to lean on. Maybe together, they could survive.
“I just need a moment.” Raegan pulled away from Miguel and smiled thinly at the angel. “Do you mind? This is a lot for me to wrap my head around.”
Without waiting for an answer, she exited the room, leaving Miguel alone with the ethereal presence. Much as he wanted to follow the woman he loved; he had some questions of his own. He wouldn’t ever let Raegan see his doubt, but he needed to be clear.
“Why have humans been chosen to rule?” he asked her cautiously. “There must be someone better. You for example. The angels. You have power and knowledge.”
“It is written. What is written must be followed.”
Miguel could see why this wasn’t enough for Raegan, but if this was what needed to happen then he was willing to try. 
“So, we are all just pawns in fate’s game,” he sighed. “And is Raegan the right choice for ruler? I believe in her, but I don’t want to put her through something which will destroy her. Also, how long will humans’ rule for? What does it say in the ancient text? I don’t know if it’s okay to ask, but I want to know what’s written about that.”
The angel smiled knowingly. “It is written that Raegan will rule, yes, even if she can’t see it yet. But it isn’t something that she will need to do for long.”
“Why not?”
“Because the True Ruler will be revealed soon enough.”
“True Ruler?” Miguel screwed up his face in confusion. The more questions he asked, the fewer answers he got. It was starting to frustrate him a little. “Who’s that? And you haven’t told me how long Raegan, or the human race needs to rule for yet.”
“Do you need all the answers right now?” The angel was mysterious, keeping secrets from Miguel, but it seemed to all be for a good reason. “Isn’t it best to leave some things as a surprise…?”

Nineteen

“Are you ready?” All Miguel wanted to do was help the apprehensive Raegan, but she was beyond his reach, deep inside her head. “Do you need a few more moments before we go?”
“I think so.” She shook her hands hard by her side. “I just keep thinking of the zombie disaster, you know? What if that ruined everything? What if I make another error like that?”
Miguel wanted to tell Raegan that she didn’t need to worry for long because some ‘True Ruler’ would eventually become obvious, but something stopped him from speaking those words. He wondered if the angel had done something to him, so he didn’t spill details that didn’t need to be out there just yet. He had to wait until the time was right.
“You can’t prepare yourself for this,” he informed her instead. “Not until we get there. There must be a part of you that’s excited to be back on Earth once more…”
If Raegan closed her eyes, she could feel it already, she was almost eight-years-old again with her father by her side, drinking in that comfort from him.
“And the radiation levels will be okay?” she checked once more as her hands fluttered over her sickly nervous tummy. “Because it isn’t that long ago there was a nuclear war…”
“The goblins took the radiation with them when they crossed your planet,” the angel informed them. “It’s a source of food for them, so there is nothing left.”
Raegan nodded as if this wasn’t totally insane. After everything she’d seen it seemed, there were still some oddities left in the universe for her to wrap her head around. One day, this could all seem normal, she would be adjusted to it, but that day wasn’t right now.
“So, where are we going to land when we get back?” Miguel asked her curiously. “You grew up in England, didn’t you? Is that where you would prefer to restart? I don’t think there is anything left of Spain. It got hit really badly by one of the bombs.”
“I think home did as well.” Of course,Raegan wanted to be home, but she had to remember this mission wasn’t for reminiscing alone. They had a job to do. “Maybe America, if that’s still there. There isn’t any guarantee anywhere looks the same…”
“We can work it out when we get there.” Miguel held her hands softly. “Let’s just get there.”
The angel surrounded them in a glowing white light, one that lifted them from the ground and twisted the universe around them. The sensation sickened the humans, but they managed to keep the nausea to a minimum by recalling where they were headed. The place where they had always been trying to get to. It had been a very long time, practically a lifetime, but Earth was coming for them and they were about to embark on a brand new chapter…
“Woah.” Raegan tumbled to the floor as soon as something firm appeared underneath her. The sensation of grass surrounded her, transporting her back to way back when. “Earth.”
She wasn’t sure how long she lay there on the floor just soaking it all in, but the angel and Miguel left her to take all the time she needed. Thank goodness, because there was so much to wrap her head around. Least of all,the concept that she needed to lead from here on out…
“Other people,” she rasped, finally pushing herself upwards. “Where are they? How will we get them here? I really don’t want to do this by myself. How will I delegate?”
“Don’t worry, Little One.” The angel patted her gently on the head in a way that managed not to be patronizing. “I do not intend to leave you here alone. Now you are on the planet and ready to rule, it is written that the angels will help you all return.”
“You’ll get them?” Raegan stared up at the ethereal being through her slightly sodden eyelashes. “All of them? Including my father?” 
“Alan Stevens, he is on my radar. I will bring him back to you.”
“Miguel told me that he has a group of humans,” she gushed, desperate to get across how important this really was. “He’s leading right now. If anyone can give me advice on how to make this work, it’s him. I need him. I don’t know if I can do this without him.”
Raegan barely even got to the end of her sentence before the light vanished and the angel was gone, leaving her and Miguel alone on Earth at long last.
“I’ve never been to America before,” Miguel declared to break the tension of the moment. They both needed a bit of a laugh before they delved into the serious stuff. “It’s big, isn’t it? And look, you can see in the distance that the White House is still standing, of all places to have survived. We need to go and check it out, right? We can’t pass up on the chance…”
“There will probably be information there too,” Raegan replied with her head firmly on work, not that Miguel found himself surprised. “We have time before everyone else arrives. I don’t know how much time, but I want to use it wisely. The more we can learn about the mistakes of the past, the less likely we’ll be to make them again. We have a higher responsibility this time around, more species relying on us. We have to make it work.”
“You’re right.” Miguel nodded determinedly. “What better place to begin.”
Their hands connected as they admired the journey ahead of them, and that didn’t just include the walk to the White House, but everything else to come afterward. Raegan and Miguel had a lot to deal with, a lot to overcome, but since they’d already survived so much together, there was one thing of which they could be certain…
That this was a journey they would walk through together. 
Together and in love.
Twenty

“Why is no one here yet?” Raegan groaned as she hung her head over the toilet just in case another wave of vomit came flooding from her. “Why hasn’t the angel brought any humans to Earth yet? She said she wasn’t going to be long and I need a doctor…”
She couldn’t believe her bad luck. After being back at home for only a few days, she had caught what seemed to be a terrible sickness bug, which took her out of action for far longer than she would like. How could she rule with this illness plaguing her? She wasn’t getting much decision-making done in the bathroom.
“The angel will be back soon.” When Miguel wasn’t rubbing Raegan’s back and getting her glasses of water to help her feel better, he was doing everything that Raegan wanted to take charge of. He was devouring every document that he could get his hands on in the White House to make sure they had all the information they needed. “Humans will be here before you know it. Things will all get started in time.”
“The stress of waiting is killing me.” Raegan wiped sweat off her forehead. “Literally.”
What she really wanted was her father. She needed Alan Stevens to be back with her after all these years. She assumed the angel would have him back to her within hours, but days had passed and there was still no sign.It was incredibly frustrating.
“You should get back to bed, Raegan. I think you need to rest.”
Miguel took the glare shot his way because he knew how Raegan was suffering. He hated seeing the strongest woman he knew struggle when there wasn’t anything, he could do about it. But he had to remain calm, he couldn’t allow his anxiety to show, Raegan needed that from him. If she needed to yell at him too, then he was happy to take that as well.
“I don’t want to rest.” She gladly took the glass of water from him and sucked it back like there was no tomorrow. “I want to know what’s going on. I want…”
Miguel understood, but he knew that there was nothing he could say. So, he tucked himself underneath her armpit and took her to the bedroom where it was time for her to lie down if she wanted to or not. He needed Raegan to rest so she was back on top form as soon as she could be. He needed her, she was the one who could get things done, the universe wanted Raegan back.
“I will do some more reading,” he told her gently as she caved to the exhaustion and she finally let her head hit the pillow. “So, I’ll be in the next room. Call me if you need me.”
“I love you,” Raegan whispered as sleep started to come for her. “I love you, Miguel.”
She might have been asleep already, but Miguel declared his love for Raegan as well. She didn’t need to hear it to know that it was real, but he still adored saying it. Those words felt phenomenal.

***

What is that noise? Raegan didn’t want to be disturbed, not when she was in the middle of the most peaceful dream of her life, but the racket on Earth shook her from her slumber regardless.
“Miguel?” Her voice croaked, it struggled to leave her throat as she propped herself up onto her elbows. “What’s going on, Miguel? Is something happening?”
She got nothing back which only piqued her panic. Raegan couldn’t remain where she was when the planet that she’d only just gotten back could’ve been crumbling apart underneath her. Even if every inch of her body ached, she would discover the events unfolding around her. Once upon a time, Raegan Stevens could handle anything, but that was before sickness claimed her.
“Miguel, where are you?” Her hand clapped to her forehead. “Why aren’t you here? I need you…”
Just as she could feel herself starting to get really wound up, at the very moment she feared an outburst of rage might erupt from her, a bright glowing light surrounded her and calmed her in an instant.
The angel…this was the angel…did that mean…?
“You’re back,” she gushed in excitement. “You have come back to us at last. Have you found, everyone? Did you manage to find my father? Oh God, please tell me Dad is here because I’m so sick and I can’t do it without him anymore. I haven’t been this ill since I was with him and a child…”
“No.” Raegan’s heart sank as the angel shattered her illusion with one soft word. “No, you aren’t sick, Raegan. Haven’t you worked it out yet? This isn’t an illness.”
She clutched her stomach hard and stated at the angel through her eyelashes. If this wasn’t something as simple as illness, then it had to be worse. Perhaps something she had picked up from another world along the way, something which would take her off this world and kill her just as she was starting to adjust to the idea of finally taking over.
“What is it?” she spluttered out, desperately frightened now. “What’s happening to me?”
“It is a miracle, dear Raegan. For you are carrying the greatest gift of all. The gift of life.”
Gift of life? Okay, this made no sense. Perhaps the virus was causing her to hallucinate or something. She needed to see Miguel so he could straighten out her brain.
“I don’t know what you mean…” All of sudden, it hit her hard like a knockout punch to the face. “Oh wow…the gift of life…do you mean I’m pregnant?”
The moment the angel nodded, changing everything for Raegan forever, was the moment her vision pin-holed and her body took a tumble. The universe turned to blackness around her as this overwhelming piece of information damn near consumed Raegan whole.
She was pregnant.
Having a baby.
What did this mean for the future?
Twenty-One

“Raegan?” The sound of her father’s inquisitive voice shook her from her thoughts about the baby growing deep within her. It was probably the only thing that could. “Is that you?”
“Daddy!” She let go of her stomach and raced to him while flinging her arms around him. “Oh wow, I can’t believe you are here. After all these years we’re finally back together.”
The emotions rapidly swallowed Raegan up whole and she burst into floods of tears. The baby and now her dad…how could she not fall apart? As she pulled back from the hug, she found a wetness to her father’s gaze as well.
“Wow, I can’t believe this is you. You are…you’re a woman,” he spluttered out. “I mean, I knew that I was going to have to prepare myself for a decade gone by, but I’m still stunned.” He took Raegan’s face in his hands. “And you have grown into a beautiful woman at that.”
“You look older than I remember as well, Dad.”
“I probably look haggard in my older age.” Alan had a jovial nature to his words. “But that’s to be expected, isn’t it? It hasn’t exactly been a normal decade, to say the least.”
“You can say that again.” Raegan nodded slowly as her own wild adventures span through her mind, with the ones shared with Miguel standing out like they were in technicolor. “What have you been through in the last ten years, Dad? I want to know it all.”
“I’m sure Miguel has filled you in on a lot of it. Sweet boy. I’m glad he survived.”
Raegan couldn’t hide the redness staining her cheeks. She hadn’t expected to get into the depth of her relationship with Miguel quite yet. 
“He told me some, yes, but we didn’t always have time to talk about the past.”
“Yes, so I’ve heard.” Raegan winched at the cagey way he said this. “You couldn’t focus on the past because you were working on getting Earth back and creating the True Ruler.”
As his eyes fluttered to her belly, Raegan found herself gobsmacked. How much did her father know about everything? Seemingly even more than she did!
“So, you know about the baby then?” Her eyes darted downwards. She couldn’t stand to see his reaction. This wasn’t the news she ever assumed she’d be greeting him with. “And me ruling, which I think is insane…”
“Oh, it definitely isn’t insane,” her father insisted. “I have heard all about you. I can see it in you as well. You are the absolute perfect person to rule this place, Raegan. That might be hard for me to say since you’re my baby girl and all I want to do is protect you. But you are the right person to be in charge. It has to be you anyway.” Raegan stared at him with confusion. “Because you need to be in place to train up the True Ruler.”
“What is this True Ruler you keep talking about?” Raegan demanded. “I should really know everything since I’m the ‘leader’, but this I have no clue about.”
“The angel didn’t tell you? About your baby…?” Raegan shook her head. “Your baby is the True Ruler, the one who will make the whole universe run smoothly once more. Probably even better than before because humans will have learned now. They won’t make the same mistakes as before. They will work with the other planets as well…”
“This is too much.” Raegan waved her hand to shut her father up. “I can’t wrap my head around it yet. You’re telling me my unborn child will rule everything?”
Her father extended his arms wide and smiled. “You know what they say, it is written. But for now, it’s your turn to rule, and the humans who have returned with me want to meet you. Miguel is greeting them all at the moment, but they need to see your face…”
“Miguel.” It hit Raegan hard. “Oh no, I haven’t told Miguel yet.”
“About the baby? Don’t worry, he will be over the moon. That boy loves you. I haven’t even seen you guys together and I know how much he adores you…thank goodness, or we might have had some trouble.”
Raegan nodded. Much as her and Miguel were young to be parents at only eighteen, everything was going to work out just fine. She knew that and not just because ‘it was written’, but because she had total faith in the love that they shared.
“Will you help me rule, Dad?” she asked as they walked down to greet the lucky humans who had finally made it home after a treacherous decade. “I can’t do it without you. I already have so many worries. I want things to be peaceful always, especially after what happened with Earth last time, but do we need to have a fighting plan of action in place in case someone attacks us? And how are we going to work with other species? I keep trying to plan…”
“Raegan, we will all help you with this,” her father reassured her kindly. “We aren’t going to leave you on your own to do this. You might be the leader, but the human race is going to show everyone else that while we might have had faults in the past, our core spirits are good, and when it comes to a situation such as this one, we can pull through as a team.”
Those words roused an unexpected confidence in Raegan. She had been so fearful about how she would make this all work, but within a few short moments, her father had strolled back into her life like a superhero and made her believe in herself once more.
He was amazing, she had never forgotten that, and now she was determined to never lose him again.
“Okay.” She nodded and smirked. “Let’s do this. The human race, we can make everything better somehow. We just need to be a team and never enemies again.”
Raegan sincerely hoped that wasn’t too much to ask.
Twenty-Two

“So, you have the building team on schedule,” Raegan said to her father through gritted teeth. She had her hands rested on her very swollen belly, wishing the child to remain where he or she was for just a little bit longer. There was still so much to do. “And the council have been communicating effectively with the other planets? I know they had some issues before and were working on it, but has that been straightened out? I need to find out…”
“Are you okay?” Alan asked, ignoring her questions. “You look like you’re in pain.”
“You sound like Miguel, Dad. I’m absolutely fine. I just want all of this to be running smoothly before I go into labor. I don’t want to be worried…”
She stopped walking, leaning forwards to clutch onto herself as the agony radiated hotly. Much as this wasn’t the right time for anything to happen, her body wasn’t listening. The baby didn’t care about the ‘right moment’ when everything was perfect.
“You would think if this child really is the True Ruler, he or she would wait for the right time…” she spat out as her head swam in a strange and very dizzying place which she needed to come back from. “I still need to make sure the school system is…”
“Stop, don’t think of these things.” Alan rubbed his daughter’s back, hating how helpless he was while she was in such a state. If there was anything he could’ve done to take this from her, he would. “You have delegated well. You have the right people in the right places. You only need to oversee, but right now you have something much more important to do.”
“I…” Raegan wanted to argue, but she couldn’t deny what was happening now. She needed help and she needed it now. “Get Miguel, please. I have to get to the hospital building.”
Thank goodness many medically trained people had survived the nuclear blast. It was also great that so many younger people wanted to learn, to have a place in the universe that mattered. Now the human race wanted to make Earth the best place it could be, there wouldn’t be any mistakes from the past, they wouldn’t become complacent again.
The lessons which came from the nuclear blast had been well and truly learned. 
Other children had already been born on Earth since everyone returned, so Raegan knew the staff could handle what was to come, she wasn’t worried about their competency. The only person she was afraid for was herself. Not only was this giving birth, but she was also bringing the True Ruler into the world. There was a whole lot resting on her shoulders. It was a lot of pressure.
But she was Raegan Stevens, she could do anything. As long as she had the right people by her side. No longer did she only rely on herself, she never wanted to be alone again, and thankfully now, she didn’t have to be. She had a whole universe around her…

***

Tallulah came into the world in a dramatic and noisy fashion, starting her life exactly as she meant to go on. She wouldn’t go unnoticed and she knew it.
“Oh wow,” Raegan laughed wearily as she finally got a look at the True Ruler…not that she could see her as that right now. Tallulah was just her beautiful little baby girl with her father’s eyes, her mother’s nose, a cry that was definitely going to keep them up at night… “She is perfect, isn’t she, Miguel? Can you believe that we have such an awesome child?”
“She’s special, isn’t she?” he whispered back through thick emotion. “I can see it already. There is something shining from her. She really is going to be the True Ruler. The one to make everything better. Without the memories of the old world, she will know what to do.”
Raegan stared at her daughter, starting to see what Miguel was talking about. There was something glowing from her daughter, a way to do things better, in a kinder, more empathetic way. She was already proud and all of that was years away.
“I don’t know how she’s going to change a thing,” she said through tears. “But Tallulah is going to make the universe incredible, isn’t she? Even having her here in my arms like this makes me feel more confident in my own abilities to get things done. Mostly because I know I only need to get the basics in place. She will do the rest.”
Miguel stood beside Raegan and they leaned against one another, supporting each other through the beginning of this brand new journey together. Who knew that the end of the world was going to eventually lead to the beginning of a brand new, much better one? Who knew that their seemingly random meeting off in some other universe would bring them to this place? Who knew that they would be the start of a brand new, wonderful world?
Perhaps the ancient texts were right after all, and everything that was written within them was going to happen. Although Raegan never wanted to know further than what she had already seen, a decision that Miguel had eventually agreed with as well.
Knowing could change everything, and not always for the better.
“Everyone is coming,” Raegan suddenly declared, able to sense the onslaught of visitors that they were about to face. “My father, the angel, all sorts of people.”
“Are you ready for it?” Miguel shot back instantly. “I can get rid of them if you want…”
He always put Raegan’s needs first, proving his love for her with his actions every single day. He knew that no one would like it if he turned them away, but he’d take it for Raegan. Anything to make her happy. She was sure that he’d be exactly the same with their daughter too.
“No, it’s okay.” Raegan smiled at Miguel while taking his hand in hers. “Everyone wants to get to know our family, don’t they? So, let’s show them how amazing we are…”
Epilogue

‘My eighty-fifth birthday…I never thought I’d see the day. 
When the world ended while I was eight, that should’ve been the end. Instead, the ultimate war which led to the destruction of Earth instead became the unexpected catalyst for peace. And not just on our planet, but the entire universe. The time has come where we are all one.
Of course, it hasn’t been smooth sailing. A rollercoaster would be a better way to describe it. ups and downs galore. Not every species has been happy for humans to rule, even it is ‘written’. Understandably so, but with Tallulah taking the lead as soon as she was old enough to do so with her ultimate wisdom, she has made a wonderful job of things.
I didn’t know how it would work when she invited other species to come and live with us on our planet, after looking at the history books and seeing the trouble caused with immigration between lands, never mind worlds, I didn’t think it was possible.
But I found myself well and truly proved wrong.
Now, the co-existence couldn’t be better. It’s working just as well as my eldest daughter told me it would, and as she has everyone to help out, put in the best places for them, keeping them all happy and productive, it really couldn’t be more incredible.
There’s a reason she was written as the True Ruler, and now everyone can understand it, including me. I scratched the surface, sorted out the basics, she made life better for us all.
“Great-grandma!” Little Nas calls out to me while bolting across the room with her face furrowed in sheer determination. “We have cake!”
“Cake, for me?” I take him in my arms, allowing the warmth of his body to heat me up. “That’s amazing. You know how much I love cake.”
Jude and Dawn follow with their children in tow as well, and Miguel isn’t far behind. He has a baby in each arm, our twin great-grandchildren, which completes our little family for now. I’m sure it will grow again in time. I do wish my father could still be around to see all of this, but since we effectively lived most of our lives on borrowed time, I can’t be sad now that he’s gone. I just have to remain pleased that he lived for as long as he did, that we got to share so much.
“You look beautiful.” Miguel leans down to kiss me. “As gorgeous as you did when I first met you. Maybe even better…”
I roll my eyes and chuckle, knowing that he’s lying. I can feel the effects of aging on my body, never mind see it when I spot my reflection in the mirror, but my husband remains as sweet as he has always been. The true ying to my yang, the love of my life. He has made every day wonderful, and he’s also the reason I don’t mind this all ending when it’s my time. After all, we’ve done our bit. If there’s an afterlife, then that’s where we’ll meet again to enjoy eternity in one another’s arms.
“Well then, Mom,” Tallulah declares as she brings out the much-anticipated cake to hand to me. “It’s time for us all to sing Happy Birthday to the most incredible woman in the universe. We all love you very much and want to take the chance to thank you for everything.”
As I glance out of the window of my home and down to the new world below, blinking away the very happy tears my family have created, I’m grateful. Happy for all of it, even the bad times. Now I can look back and easily appreciate everything that happened, knowing what they’ve led to. Knowing that I really do have it all.
Everything is perfect now, everything is complete.’
