
Tibby and the 
Haunting of Beggar’s Swamp
Book Two in the 
“Adventures of Tibby” Series
by Mark McCall
© 2014 by McCall-Co Productions
All Rights Reserved

Tibby and all related characters and elements are TM of and © by McCall-Co Productions. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic, mechanical, recording, or otherwise without written permission of the publisher.

Published by McCall-Co Productions
http://AdventuresOfTibby.com
adventuresoftibby@gmail.com

This book makes references to “Coke,” the abbreviated name for “Coca-Cola,” by The Coca-Cola Company; “Froot Loops” by Kellogg's; “Folgers” & “Smuckers Strawberry Preserves” by J.M. Smucker Co.; “John Deere” by John Deere; “Maxwell House” by Kraft Foods; “Play-Doh” by Hasbro; “Karo” by ACH Food Co.; “M&M’s” by M&M Mars; and “Browning” by FN Herstal Group. These product names and company/corporate names are all respective registered trademarks, as well as all company names and their accepted and fashionable advertized slogans attached to identify the same.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. No part of this ebook may be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. 

Disclaimer
The story of “Tibby and The Haunting of Beggar’s Swamp” and any and all ideas contained within this script are fictional and whimsical conjured figments in identity and behavior, intuitive imaginings of the author that are in no way related to any person, place, or pet on the known inhabited earth, living, deceased, or otherwise considered to be holding on by a mere thread.
Any factual and realistic data and information that has been introduced as a form of reality and identity in baseline to the story may be outdated, incorrect, in error, or goofed up—as in keeping with the dubious information networks akin to hearsay, conjecture, rumor, and thusly probably collected via the Internet, phone texting, and or from the little kid down the street with the runny nose—and is purely coincidental and should in no way be allowed to detract from the open purity and innocence of this novel written strictly for the purpose of entertainment.

____________________
Contents
Introduction
Chapter One: “Froffee” For Two 
Chapter Two: Love Finds a Way
Chapter Three: The Recon Report
Chapter Four: Swamp Licky and Behemoth Negotiations
Chapter Five: The Story of Beggar’s Swamp
Chapter Six: The Copycat
Chapter Seven: The Investigation Begins  
Chapter Eight: The Mystery Intensifies 
Chapter Nine: Welcome Home, Tom
Chapter Ten: Tibby’s Great Surprise
Chapter Eleven: The “Social Trip”
Chapter Twelve: Sawyer’s Debut
Chapter Thirteen: One Mystery Leads To Another
Chapter Fourteen: An Unsettling Reunion
Chapter Fifteen: A Date to Remember
Epilog: The Family Double
About the Author
How “The Adventures of Tibby” Came to Be
Sneak Preview of Tibby and the Smugglers'Hammock
Introduction
THERE ARE BENEFITS of being a former university professor and a dedicated zoologist and wildlife conservationist devoted to the protection and study of nature. My current focus and interest is on the sea manatee, solely in the Southwest Florida Everglades. But the relationship of these professions, along with the added advantage of having been born and raised here, do not necessarily complete a foundation of knowledge or assure rational decisions on all matters and occurrences, particularly when I consider that I’ve gone through one of the most traumatic, paranormal, and unnatural experiences of a lifetime. In summary, I honestly don’t quite know what to make of all that has occurred in the last ninety-six hours.
To briefly summarize, I was nearly eaten alive by a behemoth American alligator, which is certain to forever be a world record-breaking size. By happenstance, I suppose, it was during that same harrowing encounter that I discovered, of all things, a thirty-inch tall, cat-like, true-to-life extraterrestrial being, who later told me he had been dispatched from the “Spirograph Nebula in the constellation Lepus,” apparently eons before any life form on our planet ever existed. He said he had been inadvertently “summoned” and released from his “idiosyncratic ovum” to care for all animal and plant life and serve as a guardian against extermination and disaster before too much was lost too quickly. By way of his own amusing mispronunciation of words, he ends up naming himself “Tibby,” who, come to find out, loves pizza and Coke above all other choices of food. 
In this short period of time I have come to witness and experience Tibby’s indescribable and unparalleled force and energy, something he is not always cautious about using. One of his first demonstrations resulted in an unexplainable power of metamorphosis that halted the attack and changing of the aforementioned behemoth gator, “Claude.” After first calling him a clod, I mercifully changed the spelling of his name to help give him a measure of self respect, although the definition certainly fits because he thinks and acts as if he’s a lap dog. Ironically, Claude’s pet-like conversion saved me from another life-threatening experience too complicated to relate here. Suffice it to say that my appreciation for that soon gave way to fondness. Given the nature of my work, it only seemed logical that I allow Claude to follow me back to my lab with the excuse for study, without having to offer my assistant any additional explanation. 
In brief reflection, I can’t imagine what the odds were of just one of these bizarre events taking place in an entire lifetime, let alone all three happening in one morning. There’s nothing quite like getting all of life’s risks over with all at once, I thought at the time.
In my continuing story of Tibby, many out-of-the-ordinary, shocking, and sometimes delightful encounters eventually found me adopting him and thinking of my behometh gator as a pet. Because of Tibby, I was forced to come to terms with my own forbearance, compassion, tender loving feelings about him, and the rewards associated with being a parent. In addition, his phenomenal abilities forced me to come to terms with my mixed feelings about my personal assistant, Samatha, or “Sam” for short. Our relationship has now reached a place of urgent open disclosure on my part. 
After an upsetting encounter with her left me aggravated, concerned, and guilt stricken, I stayed up nearly all night facing my fears and uncertainties as I lay there fighting a mental battle. It wasn’t until my defensive walls of reasoning crumbled beneath the storming waves of feeling and emotion that the evidence and awareness to my true affections finally burst to the surface, gasping for life. I accepted it as a proverbial breakthrough. That’s when I finally came to understand what my responses to Sam should have been. I can only hope it’s not too late, because if ever a fool needed to be gladly suffered, I’m that fool.
<><><> CHAPTER 1 <><><>
“Froffee” For Two
“TIBBY, DID YOU HEAR ME?” I called loudly to him again as I stepped out the front door to the porch with my morning coffee in hand. “Time to get up, lil’ buddy. We got a lot going on today and we need to get moving!” 
Even though there was a lot on my mind, I looked about the subtropical, jungle-like wilderness all around my home with a sense of appreciation because it was certain to be another perfect spring day in the unincorporated community of Whitewater. I had wakened very early and gotten myself ready with special purpose and preparedness due to concerns over yesterday’s turbulent parting with Sam. Actually, I hardly slept a wink, but it didn’t matter. I was stirred with concern, hope, and excitement, all encapsulated with the worst overpowering fear any man could have—being rejected. I was concerned that my hopes for reconciliation weren’t in vain, particularly after what I had put her through. 
It is said that we are creatures of habit. This most certainly extends to our pattern of thinking. At least it does for me, given that I’m instinctively motivated by scientific and technical assessment. 
Beyond my intense personal thoughts, and purely out of a naturalist’s appreciation, I couldn’t help but marvel at the morning sunrise and its relationship to the “heliocentric cosmology”—commonly known as the displacement of the earth from the center of the universe with the sun—and the fact that it revolves around the sun instead of the sun revolving around the earth, a theory formulated by Nicolaus Copernicus. Later, after building his telescope, Galileo proved Copernicus’ theory and was placed under house arrest for heresy. His hypothesis was rejected until the Catholic church “officially approved” of the theory in 1992 when Pope John Paul II declared Galileo’s defense, saying that, “The scriptures were not wrong; they were just mistakenly interpreted by the theologians … the earth was not stationary after all.” That was a relief, I thought. I’m sure the world science community was collectively set at ease over that one. Nevertheless, getting up to watch the sunrise continues to be a special treat for me. Due to the fact that the front of my house faces almost directly South, I can watch the sunrise to the left in the morning and the sunset to the right in the evening. I don’t know if this was something my folks planned when they built the house or not. It was a delight, just the same.
I returned to the kitchen for more coffee. By the time I had my second cup fixed and was about to return to the front porch, I observed that my omnipotent, adolescent, alien sidekick had finally roused himself. He apparently noticed I’d left the front door open, allowing the bright morning sunshine to beam in onto the floor as it splayed across the large area rug. He likely heard me in the kitchen and assumed I would be heading back outside, so he positioned himself on the pathway of the rug in front of the door, wrapped up with his soft fuzzy blanket—what he calls his “uzzy”—and was sitting in the Lotus position like a little monk, patiently waiting for me when I came striding through the living room.
Pausing for a moment, I looked at him and thought about his puerile character and innocence. On his first night’s stay, he stayed up all night learning how to use the computer, his super memory accumulating vast amounts of information, adding to what was already developed. Then I remembered how shocked I was when I found out he was only five earth years old. The combination seemed hardly compatible, but it worked for Tibby. “Well good morning, stand up for me there, big guy.”
Tibby stood up, smiled fondly. His sleepy eyes and puffy face told me he was still tired. As I bent down to meet him we gave one another a big hug. He rubbed his eyes and looked up with a sheepish grin. “Toby, can Tibby have a cup of froffee?” I noticed his expression when he added my name in front of his third-party question, punctuating his expectation. Actually, my given name is Everett, Everett L. Tobias to be exact. I started out being called “little Tobias,” which was quickly shortened to “Toby.”
“You wanna try a cup of coffee … you’re sure?” 
“Yes please, it smells very-very goodie.”
My immediate thought to his request was supportive. “Well, sure, I guess that would be OK. Do me a favor first. Please make your bed and put your fuzzy away, go brush your teeth—no fun and games with that. Then meet me in the kitchen and I’ll show you how to fix a cup of coffee, but you have to have it with some breakfast. Do we have a deal?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby, me have a deal.”
I had learned the hard way what can happen if I don’t address certain tasks for him to carry out with specificity, like brushing his teeth for example. Tibby’s first time experience with that was an unforgettable circus.
With what had now become standardized morning duties, Tibby bounded off quickly with half skips to his stride, holding his uzzy around his neck like a cape, making engine revving sounds with each skip. I wasn’t completely sure what this was all about—probably just childish folly, of which Tibby was already a tremendous devotee.
After completing my requests, along his way into the living room I noticed Tibby had become distracted with his most recent affection of military role play he has embraced. This new passion had been encouraged by an old war surplus canteen and army belt I found for him that used to belong to me when I was a little kid. 
Intrigued, I watched, carefully peeking around the corner, unnoticed. His luminous, yellow-green elliptic eyes scanning across the room with imagined suspicion, and then he quickly snatched up the canteen and belt and jumped behind the couch, crouching down low as if making ready for some kind of conjured military action. Then he emerged, his eyes darting back and forth, prepared for combat. 
Momentarily postponing any furtive or offensive action, Tibby timed out his role play long enough to retrieve a few of the stuffed animals included inside a couple of boxes of some neat old toys I’d presented to him earlier—toys that had been packed away in the attic for several years. 
Now he was positioning them into a frontal assault configuration, one of which was a yellow snake with green ringed spots and crossed eyes that I had won at a carnival, which he had tied into a knot. Then he retrieved a pair of walkie talkies from another box and rushed back under an end table on the other side of the living room barely out of sight, thus terminating his brief intermission.
Fiddling with one of the walkie talkies, Tibby quietly said, “Command, this is Eagle One, I have multiple hostiles targeted. I’m ready for dispatch—do I have a green light?”
By the time I stepped through the opening to the living room to tell him it was time to start his breakfast and come make his coffee, he stretched out his hands and bellowed, “E-rif, e-rif, e-rif!” Then I heard “zap-zap-zap” as three tremendous loud cracks struck three of the stuffed characters in succession of each command, turning them inside out.
I felt like I’d just walked into a battle scene. “Great Scott!” I blurted as Tibby crawled out from underneath the end table and stood at attention. “No-no, sniper detail.”
“Sniper detail? Tibby, what in the world did you do to these stuffed animals?”
“Dispatched, SIR!” he said with a salute.
Scattered about that side of the living room were the frazzled, now unrecognizable remains of three various stuffed toys, with the exception of the bright yellow cross-eyed snake.
This was a subtle example of the devastating powers Tibby was capable of. He’ll strike out with one hand or the other given to the circumstance, and upon command he can move or decimate any thing or object he deems necessary. 
“What did these three do to deserve getting blasted apart?”
“They were terrorists, sir.”
I looked pensively about the remains to see that the snake had escaped unscathed, and asked, “Well, why not the snake?”
“He was the hostage, sir.” 
Tibby had a logical mind and a certain way of talking to me, but there were times when his reasoning and conclusion were unclear. I was still perplexed by his statement. “The hostage? How would you possibly know that?”
Tibby put on a vacant expression, staring at me as if this was a question I should already know the answer to and gesturing to the snake. “‘Cause … he was tied up.” 
“Oh, I see, of course. Well, obviously the snake lives to see another day.”
“Yes, Sir!” Tibby hollered. Then with suspicion he slowly turned toward the snake with a calculating look and added, “Unless he’s discovered to be a subversive.”
I removed the canteen and belt from around him in the process of disengaging his role play. “OK,” I said with a fatherly sigh of acceptance, “it’s time for breakfast.” I was directing him, and making our way into the kitchen as I talked. “Besides, what makes you think he’s a subversive?”
Tibby stopped and turned with a final piercing glance at the snake. “I don’t trust his eyes.”
“Uh-huh, I see … well, sure, I guess that makes perfect sense,” I said with sarcasm. “All right, come on, you can debrief the snake later, after breakfast.”
Then I mildly started nudging Tibby in the direction of the kitchen, giving one more look around the room to confirm that no peripheral damage had been done. After the premier demonstrations I had experienced last week with the “Evil Monkey” and learning of Tibby’s endowments of detonation, this episode, by comparison, was truly a subtle issue. 
Since his recent “adoption,” Tibby had already proven his ability for making a pot of coffee, but he had yet to ask to try any himself. Now seemed as good a time as any, I thought. I was confident my allowing him to have some coffee would suffer no ill effects. Besides, it didn’t challenge my adolescent extraterrestrial rearing protocols, as it might with those compared to other parents who have small children. I reasoned this was OK since my mother allowed me to have a small cup of coffee once in a while when I was quite young. In fact, I wasn’t even two years old when she would set me up on the kitchen counter, give me a spoon, and stand in front of me letting me share from her cup. But those were the exact terms of that privilege, “a small supervised cup once in a while.” Mom was raised to believe this actually helped to control hyperactivity in some children, and I guess maybe it did. Even Dad noticed a difference in my behavior after I had a modest serving of coffee.
It didn’t take Tibby long to show his excitement about trying this new adult beverage. “How about if I let you take a taste of my coffee to see if that’s the way you want to fix your coffee?” It probably wouldn’t have mattered how I prepared it. He was very taken with the fact that I would share the cup from which I was drinking.
Elated, he said, “Oh yes, that would be wonderful for me.” 
At his request, I bent down and held my cup over to him as he carefully took a sip. “Careful, lil’ buddy, I just made it, it’s still pretty hot.” 
Tibby widened his cat-like eyes and quivered with delight. “Umm, yes it’s yummy, hot and pretty.” He helped hand it back, folded his arms in front of him. They are almost the same in size and appearance as his legs, his hands and feet each having four identical digits. He swayed his short-haired feline body from side to side, then, with a little jingle to his voice, he chanted, “The best part of waking up is Folgers in your cup.”
“I kind of figured it would be something like that,” I said as I proceeded to get out everything needed to fix him a small cup of coffee. After a much labored decision process of selecting the preferred cup of choice, Tibby finally settled on using a John Deere Tractor cup. Next, I showed him exactly what my system of preparation involved, from the proper level to pour, to the choosing and mixing of sweetener, powdered creamer, and maybe a dash of half and half, if available. 
Tibby inquired, “And this is the way you make your froffee every time?” 
“Yes, it sure is.” I smiled as I remembered our first discussion about coffee and how he changed the pronunciation of it. By now, “froffee” was just one of many new words in my Tibby vocabulary. 
“And it is the best way to make froffee, yes?”
“Well, it’s not necessarily the best, but it’s the most civilized.”
“Cause it tastes the best this way too, huh?” 
“Well, I think it tastes the best, we’ll see what you think. Here, let’s stand over the table with it. Remember now, it’s very hot and you have to sip it carefully and slowly at first, OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby, me sippin’careful. Mmm.”
Finally, I concluded the lesson by showing Tibby the necessary and proper putting away of items and any needed cleaning. As always when he was learning something new, he watched everything precisely, locked into what I called his “recording mode,” nodding while confirming all his observations. All said and done, I was confident that in the future he would adhere to the customs of coffee making and the cleanup of same. 
Then he sat down at the table, swinging his legs back and forth with contentment. From time to time he would make low, murmured “yummy” sounds while carefully sipping his coffee and giving me glowing grins of satisfaction and approval with every taste.
Though it was still quite early, I was in a bit of a rush with anticipation of Sam’s arrival. I wanted to review some thoughts and be waiting on the porch by the time she arrived, so the breakfast idea had to be a quickie. Since Tibby’s breakfast variety up to this point has only consisted of pizza, scrambled eggs with toast and strawberry jelly, and Froot Loops, I decided to take a large step of faith and make him a quick scrambled egg sandwich for breakfast without asking. I hoped his distraction with his coffee would make that choice easier to accept. And fortunately, my strategy worked. I discovered mustard on egg sandwiches was henceforth going to be the condiment of choice.
After our quick cleanup in the kitchen, together we collected and discarded the remains of the obliterated stuffed animals and gave the snake its reprieve back into the toy box before I returned to the kitchen for a quick “froffee” refill. Before finally heading out to the porch to enjoy the morning sunshine, and knowing how much Tibby likes Coke, I stopped at my computer for a brief search on caffeine content. He calls it “Oak,” and up to this point he has never suffered any adverse symptoms from drinking that beverage, but it only contains thirty-five grams of caffeine per twelve-ounce can, whereas an eight-ounce cup of drip coffee has a staggering one-hundred and forty-five grams of caffeine. More like a time-released “ka-boom” effect.
I went out to the porch where I found Tibby already sitting. My mind was overloaded concerning how I was going to approach Sam about yesterday. Feeling optimistic, or perhaps to just build confidence, I scanned the horizon, looking at nothing in particular. “I think it’s going to be a great day,” I said to Tibby with my mind on high hopes 
Having barely sat down in my lounge chair, I started to take a big sip of my coffee when Tibby, directed by his never failing memory, blatantly asked, “Are you going to tell Sammy you love her today?”
His uncanny timing never ceased to amaze me. I don’t know if it’s just happenstance, or if he deliberately waits and watches for me to be taking a sip of hot coffee when he asks me a staggering question. Either way, some of it did spew out of my mouth before I could stop it. I coughed a couple of times while trying to swallow and reduced the amplitude of his question with a nod and a hoarse reply. “I intend to have a serious personal talk with her today.”
“You’re being very messy,” he said.
I frowned as I wiped my chin and shirt, mumbling, “Yeah, well, for some reason I do that from time to time.”
“Um, what’s your plan?”
Feeling it was safe to do so, I took another sip of my coffee and repeated, “Plan?” 
“Yes,” Tibby replied with emphasis, “a specific account of intended future course of action aimed at achieving specific goals or objectives within a specific timeframe.” 
“Oh, that plan. As a matter of fact I don’t have any plan. Why, should I?”
Tibby raised himself up, and with his classic ability to render voice and character imitations said, “A wise man once said, ‘Everyone has a plan ‘till they get punched in the mouth.’” 
I pondered for a moment before asking who said that.
“Mike Tyson.”
I tried not to laugh then, because I was fairly sure Tibby didn’t understand the meaning of his quote. “I’m just not going to worry about it, OK?”
“Really?” Tibby asked, resuming his natural character. I nodded yes, and he repeated himself. “Really-really? Why-for?”
Making a quick reflection, I repeated a previous comment he’d made. “Well, seems I remember someone telling me not too long ago, ‘You will know.’” 
Flattered, Tibby beamed as he made that connection. Agreeing confidently, he said, “Yup-yup. You will. You will know.” After he noisily slurped his last bit of coffee, he threw his head back, tipped the cup upside down over his mouth and reveled in the taste. “Aah … Maxwell House … Good to the last drop.”
An avid watcher of TV, Tibby had picked up on all the commercials. No matter how hard I might try, I knew I’d never be able to predict his next uttered advertising slogan. I’m concerned now that he’s watching more TV than I’m aware of. Amused, I sipped my own coffee and asked, “Was it good, lil’ buddy?”
“Oh yes, Toby. It was very goodie-goodie. Can I have some more now?”
This was when I felt those principles of moderation had to kick in. “Well, maybe it’s better if we wait a bit and see how this first cup is going to affect you, OK? I don’t want you to get sick or something.” I had to think of a clever way to put it.
“Aw … please?” Tibby whined long and in tune, cupping his hands in front of him.
“Maybe later this afternoon, if you eat a good lunch. And no whining please, it won’t do you any good.”
From the tone of my voice Tibby knew he would have to suspend his request and work on discovering whatever technique he could successfully use on me to sway my decision through some alternate appeal to my affections. Good luck with that, kiddo. I did however, have genuine concerns to the timed release effects that caffeine might have on him. Characteristic to its reputation, I figured within the hour, even if Tibby wasn’t bouncing off the walls by that time, he still didn’t need to have a second cup of coffee. The instincts of my mother seemed to maintain a sense of caution and restriction. After all, he’s only supposed to be about five years old in earth terms, so I reminded myself to keep a careful eye on his behavior the rest of the morning.
Typical to our habit and daily routine, and apparently ready for some activity, Tibby asked, “Are we ready for going to the lab now?” 
“No, not just yet.”
“Then are we having a field trip today?” 
Maintaining my laid-back daydreaming demeanor, I said, “Oh, probably not today, lil’ buddy.” 
About that time both of us quickly directed our attention to our left as Claude let out a huge grunting, morning belch. He had slowly ambled in quietly, so I hadn’t taken notice of him before he belched. His quiet approach was amazing, considering that he’s about twenty feet long and weighs in excess of two-thousand pounds. That, and the fact that I was distracted in thought.
I quickly leaned over just in time to grab Tibby’s arm and discretely said, “No rodeo playing this morning, Tibby. Save it for later today, if you please. I might need you and Claude, to uh . . . well, to do something important for me this morning, OK?” 
Though I wasn’t exactly sure what this “task” was going to be, Tibby took my remark very seriously, nodded and said, “Ooh . . . I have to work today. Okey-dokey, Toby, I better to go and tell Claudie.”
Satisfied with that for the moment, I watched as Tibby walked down the steps from the porch and greeted Claude, who had excitedly moved in closer to receive Tibby’s contact, grunting melodically with satisfaction and reward. “Good morning, Claudie, how are you today?” Tibby asked. The personality transformation Claude received from Tibby also seemed to include the ability to understand English. He and Claude had formed a wonderful friendship and loved to play with one another. An alien being and a giant pet alligator to keep secret from the rest of the world—if that wasn’t a challenge to my profession, I didn’t know what was. Any disclosure of this would be world-changing. Tibby patted Claude in a soothing, loving manner and added some private conversation, which Claude seemed to receive with complete understanding, emitting grunts and jerking his head in my direction from time to time to glance at me. That prompted Tibby to grab his head and pull it back to attention. His conversation with Claude was paused for a moment as his large, pointed radar ears jerked abruptly in the near opposite direction toward the long curved driveway, which meant only one thing. 
Tibby looked back at me and said, “Its Sammy, Toby, she’s almost here.” Seconds later, like an automatic alarm, Poopsy began squawking and honking, clacking his bill, and flapping his wings in his typical flamboyant alert, confirming Tibby’s detection. 
“Poopsy” is our absentminded Brown Pelican. Sam had rescued him several weeks ago with a broken wing, reset it for him, and he was now post mended. Rather than make his way down the inlet and back to the coast where he belongs, he decided to become our new mascot by taking up a permanent residency on the dock and bridge area. His incessant “whitewash,” a typical, pronounced pelican trait, aptly determined his name.
Now that Sam was almost here, I needed to come up with something to somehow keep Tibby occupied and at the same time give me and Sam some privacy. Since his current mode of imagination and play was one of combined U.S. army and marine military fashion, I cleverly thought I’d spin a connection to it. With a serious tone of urgency, I gave Tibby some instructions, “What I need you to do is get your army gear and jungle hat, take Claude with you, saddle up, and go on patrol for me, probably no more than two to three clicks from the house to see if there’s anything going on. You know, to uh … check up on things. Establish a security perimeter if needed. Oh, and you stay out of any water, that’s off limits to you, do you understand me?”
Snapping to attention and saluting, Tibby barked, “Recognizance, Sir! Yes, Sir!” 
He marched up onto the porch, went into the house to retrieve his canteen and belt, came out while stretching up to grab his cowboy hat hanging on a nail, and quickly refigured it back into a jungle hat before putting it on. Then he did an about face, saluted me again, and marched back down the steps.
Pivoting to his left, he ordered, “Private Claude!” Responding in military-like fashion, Claude reared himself up to attention. He threw out his chest and snorted in harmony to the command, following in cadence behind Tibby as they marched off towards the dock. They had made it to the dock where the driveway comes to an end when Tibby mounted up across Claude’s neck and shoulders. 
Meanwhile, Sam had finally pulled in, parked, and was getting out of her car and shutting the door when she turned around to see the guys right there in front of her. “Aahhh!” She bellowed, instinctively pressing her back tightly against the door of her car, fearing she had been trapped.
Tibby, devoid of any civilian emotion or reaction, simply saluted her. “Recon mission, ma’am. Please remain on the premises until an authorized clearance is given.” Then he dropped his salute into a gestured “forward, ho” motion and bellowed, “Move out, Private!” 
Claude jerked forward in a steady, tank-trudging pace, shifting Tibby side to side in movement and rhythm with his swagger. I was confident neither of them could do any harm. After all, they represented a daunting duo much more foreboding than any possible opposition I could think of. I also knew Tibby would run away with my suggestion, and with his wild imagination he would hype it up for all it was worth, so much so that I’d probably end up having to go out and track them down to get them home at a reasonable hour.
My attention shifted back to Sam. This was it. My time had come. I had to make good on my effort to explain the feelings that had weighed so heavily on my mind and kept me awake nearly all night. I watched her intently, trying to decide what I needed to say first. The more I thought about it, the more my heart raced. It felt like it was about to jump out of my chest as I began to worry myself into a frenzy. What if I blow the whole thing? Suddenly, I wasn’t certain of anything. I had half a mind to back out and just forget the whole thing.
<><><> CHAPTER 2 <><><>
Love Finds a Way
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME? I thought. I gotta hold it together. After everything I put myself through, all the soul-searching I had done will have been for nothing. Then I remembered a wise man who said, “Truth and error keep pace with one another. Error is the shadow cast by truth, and truth is the bright side brought out by error.” Suddenly, it became clear to me that truth from the heart has no error, and if I messed up a little, or a lot, the right balance would be there. 
Breathing a sigh of relief, I felt reassured once more and my confidence returned. Now that my needed privacy and opportunity to talk to Sam was set, I stood up and walked out from under the porch just enough so she could clearly see me when I called to her. “Good morning.”
Alerted, she spun around and headed toward the house, making sure to check over her shoulder a couple of times on Tibby and Claude as they made their way into the subtropical overgrowth, perhaps concerned about an unlikely sneak attack from behind. “Oh, hi, good morning. You guys are up kinda early, huh?” 
“I know, come on over and have a seat with me.”
She gathered her oversizied load of gear—typical of her— and made her way toward the porch. With new appreciation, I studied her natural beauty and striking strawberry blonde hair that she always draws back in a long, swishing ponytail. I waited for her at the bottom of the steps, maintaining a neutral expression in an attempt not to have her alter whatever frame of mind she happened to be in. “Would you like a cup of coffee?” I asked, knowing she wouldn’t because she never accepts, and she knows that I know this, which was another deliberate false signal on my part to keep her slightly off balance and instigate questions in her mind.
“No … no thank you, I’m fine.” 
She must have been nervous too, with concerns about what had happened between us yesterday, especially leading up to her becoming very upset and then leaving and driving off in a huff the way she did. She was avoiding all direct eye contact with me, clearing her throat over and over again, and she didn’t seem to know what to do with her hands. 
I was nervous too, but I was doing a better job of not showing it. Finally, she spoke again. “Toby I … I have something I need to say.”
I nodded. “Yeah, I have something I want to say too.”
When I took a short breath to say what was on my mind, she spoke at the same time and we both said the same words in close timing.
“I want to apologize—” 
We stood there staring with our eyes fixed upon one another, stunned over our virtually perfect harmony of words. But before either of us could comment on the odds of that occurrence, each of the smiles we had spontaneously generated slowly dissolved as we became locked in a hypnotic trance of unmistakable ardor. 
Unexpectedly, everything suddenly seemed to be happening in slow motion as we began to draw closer and closer to one another with total submission, void of all control. Something happened during that seemingly eternal silence as we searched one another’s face. All at once, Sam’s features were amplified—every detail, every tone, every texture and contour became new and appreciated in a fresh, stimulating, and blameless way. Instantly we were both smitten with feelings of warmth, and an innocent unexplainable allure confirmed in my mind that I had been holding back and avoiding my genuine feeling of attraction. At the same time I felt confident I hadn’t lost Sam for good. She seemed to be affected in the same way, appearing to have shed any fear that she might have been too direct or pushy. 
Straight away, all these uncertainties for us both were reversed and laid to the side as all issues of miscommunication, fear, and restraint seemingly became satisfied and put to rest. Then with a mutual failing resistance, we drew closer and closer, she the magnet, I the steel. And then it finally happened. Our slow motion draw to one another ended in a mesmerizing, magnificent kiss. Oh my goodness. What a wonderful feeling!
With my eyes closed, all of the proverbial bells and whistles and fireworks were set ablaze at the same time as all the forms of appeal and affection ignited and surged through my body, magnifying the stimulus of love and attraction. We became oblivious to every thing, every sound, and every movement around us. I decided there and then that I would let my inhibitions go and put everything I had in the form of intense passion into that first kiss. It was now or never. Unknowingly, and purely out of instinct, I raised my hand to tenderly caress Sam’s face as we kissed, amplifying a natural gesture of sincerity to my open but intense attraction.
The kiss ended as slowly as it began, with hesitance and reluctance, and as we slowly opened our eyes, both of us were spellbound with hypnotic charm. With my enthusiasm running off the charts, I’d become vibrant with feelings of romance. I truly wanted to kiss her again with all the passion I was able to generate, to assure that I had made my feelings evident. But instead, I contained my desire and embraced my former status of contrition in fear of being rejected.
I was the first to break the silence, still staring, transfixed upon her full, soft, sumptuous lips and radiant eyes. Slowly, I stepped back a bit, lowered my hand and bowed my head. “Um, uh … I am sorry.”
“For the kiss?” she exclaimed, slightly confused.
I jerked my head up with a start. “Oh, gosh, no, not at all. No. no, that kiss was … wonderful. I haven’t done anything like that in a long time.” 
That remark prompted a smile and a blush. “Well, I for one sure couldn’t tell it had been a long time. I thought it was pretty wonderful too.” Then she peered at me and asked, “Where’d you ever learn to kiss like that?” 
Deciding to give myself a little self-support, I said with a grin, “Well, either you’re good or you’re not, right? Some guys got it, some guys don’t.” 
Fanning herself lightly with her hand, she said, “Let’s just say you more than passed the test in my opinion.” 
I was relieved to know that Sam was taken with our kiss as much as I, which was very reassuring, and I wondered if her anticipation of another was as high as mine.
Smiling with manly, romantic satisfaction, I then remembered to clarify my previous remark. “Oh, as I was saying earlier, I’m sorry, you know, um, in the apology we both started. I uh, wanted to finish that.”
“Oh, me too.” 
Now there was an awkward pause because I wasn’t sure that it was still my turn to speak. In prelude, I began gesturing my hands oddly, not knowing exactly what to do or say. “Uh … um, is it OK with you if we sit down and talk?”
We both stepped up onto the porch and sat down, and I continued my introduction. “I feel like you deserve a detailed explanation, if you will permit me. I think I owe that to you, and maybe it will help make whatever you have to say to me easier for you.”
“Sure.”
“First of all, I think I’ve been deliberately avoiding my feelings and attraction for you for a long time now.” 
I must have shown a slight expression of shame over my comment because Sam became heightened with curiosity. Surprised and intrigued, she said, “Oh, really?” 
“Yes, I have, and I want to explain why. I think mainly it was because I was scared, but I didn’t know that then. It was disguised by things I reasoned to be obstacles. For instance, like the age difference between us. I just felt that you were too young, and making it more difficult for me is the fact that you look even younger than what you actually are.”
Sam beamed proudly over that compliment as I continued. “And this made it problematical for me. I always had this preconception locked in my mind of what I thought was supposed to be someone closer to my own age. With you, all I could think about was … gosh, when I graduated from high school, you were just going into the third grade. And that caused me to think that any personal relationship with you was improper and unacceptable. Of course, that only amplified my concern of the age difference in today’s terms. And then there’s the boss/employee relationship thing—and some other reasons I’m sure—and then I worried that your attraction to me was pure limerence.” 
“Limerence? What’s that?”
I shrugged, trying to find the best way to explain it. “Well, it’s a crush—only being obsessed with it.”
Sam conspicuously raised one eyebrow, but before she could make any comment, I continued, counting from one finger to another as I cited my details. “But here’s the point, I’m a lot older than you, I’m a former professor, I’m your employer and boss, and we spend a lot of time with one another in an isolated environment. And many infatuations are exaggerated, obsessive feelings greatly founded upon the absence of option and choice, and seeing it as possible infatuation—and if that’s what it was—I didn’t want either of us to end up getting hurt, especially you. I thought it would have looked as if I was taking advantage of you or something. So I kept steering away, pushing you back and avoiding all reference to it.” I dropped my head as I mumbled in conclusion, “I—I thought I was doing the right thing.”
Sam’s anticipation seemed to rise slightly as she probed. “And so, you have a change of mind on that now?”
Confident of my assessment, I looked up and said, “Yes, yes I do. Definitely.”
“How so?” 
“Well, ultimately, I think it’s all because of you.”
Sam perked up even more. “Because of me?” 
“Exactly. It has to do with your genuine candor. Not only have you been consistent about your attraction for me, I finally realized how real it was when you became so aggravated yesterday, when you were exasperated and got mad and left. If you were just infatuated, you wouldn’t have done anything to put any potential relationship at risk, which means you probably would not have left. But you were genuine—you were yourself, with all of your feelings, all of the time. Whenever you think I’m wrong, you always tell me. Whenever you get mad at me, you show it. And whenever you tried to let me know you were attracted … I saw it. And that’s a sign of a person who cares for another, in a serious, special way.”
I paused momentarily, giving in to that thought. “And that’s how I’ve finally come to understand it’s not infatuation. You didn’t know that I knew what you were trying to find out all along, and I was reluctant and scared for the reasons I’ve already mentioned. But I didn’t want either of us to get hurt in a relationship that wasn’t meant to be.” I threw up my arms with innocent, final conclusion. “Like I said, I just wanted to do the right thing.” 
Sam strongly identified with my point. “That’s exactly what I was trying to find out. I wanted you to know I was in better touch with my feelings than what you suspected. I didn’t want to continue to hold onto any wishful anticipation and keep entertaining false hopes. Especially if you didn’t feel about me the way I felt about you. I desperately needed some kind of sign. I needed you to open up to me and let me know something … one way or the other. So yesterday, when I started being more direct with you and you kept giving me those goofy answers … ugh, I was so disgusted with you. It made me think there wasn’t supposed to be any connection, and I decided just to give up because I felt so foolish, and … I got mad … and I left. I always felt you respected me as a person and appreciated my talent and work and all, but I didn’t think you admired me as a woman, and that hurt even worse when I tried to let you know how I felt for you. But after listening and learning about all these concerns you had, I want you to know that I now understand how both of our feelings were probably hurt out of our own deception. What do you think?”
She had described it perfectly. “Sam, I know you’re exactly right—‘hope deferred maketh the heart sick …’” I thought—“and I’m so sorry for my part in that, but I can’t tell you how glad I am for your continued insight. And I’m so thankful that you didn’t give up.”
We both stood up and I pulled her gently to me and hugged her tightly. She wrapped her arms around me and laid her cheek against my chest with relief, completing a mutual exchange of sincere appreciation and assurance.
Sensing these tones of unity I felt a sudden charge of courage. I held her back almost at arm’s length and looked at her with optimistic excitement. “Um, would you like to go steady with me?”
Pulling back a bit, she gave me a puzzled look. “Go steady? Where on earth does that come from, the old Beach Party movie?” 
I grinned, feeling myself blushing. “Well, I thought that was more acceptable than asking if you wanted to form a merger.”
A smile radiated in her eyes as she rose up on her toes to kiss me on my nose. “Yes I would like to ‘go steady’… very much.” Then she grabbed my hands and started swinging our arms side-to-side while biting her lower lip and looking at me with goo-goo eyes. 
“Does this mean that you’re my girl now?”
“Just as long as it means you’re my guy.” 
“Then, it’s a merger,” I said with a sly grin. We laughed, affectionately hugged one another, and sealed the pact with a modest kiss that promised more to come. 
Afterward, we both concluded that we needed to get some work done. While heading to the lab, hand in hand, Sam decided to test my stability on the subject of age difference, and teasingly asked, “So, ‘dad,’ how are you going to react when we’re out together and someone asks you if I’m your daughter?”
Without a pause in my stride and no change of expression, as if prepared for her question I said, “I’ll just tell them no, you’re my mother.”
Taken completely off guard, her mouth dropped open with a short gasp and she let go of my hand and slapped me lightly on the shoulder. “Toby, you better not!” 
I chuckled to myself. Once inside the lab, our joint efforts fell into a typical rhythm and daily routine without fluctuation or disruption. I considered everything that had happened and felt as if the testimony of feelings we exchanged, our embrace, and especially the kiss, was no ordinary or progressive transformation of some kind. These things that took place and the special feelings we experienced and shared were resident from the beginning. Something that was being held inside each of us for the last seven months had finally been allowed to release. It’s as if we had this intimate connection and exchange that existed all along, but were psychologically bound and emotionally separated and couldn’t demonstrate it, and now, we were finally together. This amazing turn of events had helped to confirm things about myself I had been holding back on, and they were literally life changing. I suddenly felt differently about a lot of things.
As the morning progressed, I noticed that Sam was maintaining our usual professional work relationship and exchange. It couldn’t have been any better than if I had said something concerning the importance of the necessity of that behavior. Another reason I hadn’t mentioned anything was because I didn’t want to take any chance it would hurt her feelings and take away from or damage what we had just established. Fortunately, I had never the worry.
Except for an occasional smile or two, Sam preserved the atmosphere with very mature behavior. There was no goo-goo batting or winking of the eyes, no improper physical contact, patting, touching, or flirting of any kind. I was very impressed by her assertion of the standards of proper protocol. Actually, given her keen insight, she probably knew that’s what I would expect of her and smartly followed her instincts, thus proving that she reads me very well—which is kind of scary, but comforting at the same time. Still, there’s something about that point I haven’t quite figured out.
It wasn’t too much later during our work that Sam made an attention-grabbing comment. “I didn’t mention it before, but now I understand why. I think it was a pretty cute idea of you sending Tibby on a little mission of some kind so we could talk in private. How long is he and Claude supposed to be out on their little patrol anyway?”
I didn’t gloat over my “cute idea” for very long, because my brief expression of triumph quickly changed to wakeful concern. “Good grief! To tell the truth … I’d forgotten all about them. I can’t believe it.”
“Toby!” Sam exclaimed in a scolding retort.
With apprehension, I sprang from my seat and bolted out the door and immediately started scanning the perimeter, but was not able to detect anything that indicated their presence. I hurried back into the lab for my gear. 
Sam followed my every move. “No luck? You gonna try to go and find them?” 
“Yeah, I think I better. You’ll be all right here won’t you?” Though I don’t know why I even asked her that. 
She walked over to assist in my preparations. “Well, sure. Nothing’s different with that, but I think it’s sweet that you would ask. Here let me do your pack for you. You need to go change into your boots.”
“Oh, right, my boots, yes, thanks, Sam.” Obviously, my mind was everywhere else.
Ever since I was a kid, I’ve always used a military grade jungle boot while out hiking in swamp conditions. Just like my Dad, I keep extra pairs in the locker right here in the lab so I always have a dry pair ready to go. Without the right boots you can ruin your feet in no time, so I learned never to forget to change into them on these unscheduled and spontaneous hiking and exploring days. As usual, Sam was on the job and thinking ahead for me.
Changing shoes took me no time and I was heading to the door as Sam produced my haversack with some necessary supplies and provisions, neatly organized. “Here Toby, I’ve got your pack ready. Have any idea where you’re going to start?” 
On the way out I said, “Well, I thought I would—” 
I didn’t get to finish my answer because I was distracted by what sounded like a very faint crackle of radio static, combined with a brief garbled message coming off somewhere in the direction of the house. Sam must have heard it too, because she turned and looked in the same direction the same time I did. “Did you hear that?” I asked.
“Yes, I certainly did.”
I set my gear down and together we headed toward the house, curious to discover the source of the sound. When halfway there, it suddenly stopped and I looked about. “Where was that anyway?” 
“I’m not sure. It sounded to me like it was coming from the direction of the house, but I don’t hear anything now.”
On reaching the front porch, we heard a very distinct radio crackle and call. “Recon to headquarters, come in headquarters.” 
It was Tibby. “That’s one of my old walkie talkies. Tibby’s got one and I’ll bet the other one is here on the porch somewhere.”
The hunt was on. Sam and I engaged ourselves trying to discover the location of the handheld radio as we scrambled all over the porch, and one another, in the process. Making our way to the farthest end, I bent over to look under a lounge chair. The radio crackled and we heard Tibby say, “Nope … you’re in the wrong sector, General.”
I reared upright. “General? Wrong sector? What in the world does that mean, ‘wrong sector’?” 
Sam shrugged. “Beats me, General,” and kept on with her searching.
I stood up straighter, turned around, and after a couple of steps in the other direction, the radio crackled again. “You’re getting warmer,” the voice said.
I threw my arms up in the air with revelation, “Oh, I get it now. He’s hidden the other radio somewhere here on the porch so we have to play his little hide-and-seek game to try and find it.” My staggering revelation after-the-fact.
When I stepped closer to the middle of the porch, the radio crackled again, “Ooo, warmer now.”
“Where is that coming from?” I was getting aggravated now.
“I have no idea,” Sam said. “When I’m over there, it sounds like it’s coming from over here, when I come over here, then it sounds like it’s coming from back over there where I was in the first place.”
“Exactly!” Our tension was rising.
Nevertheless, we continued looking all over the place—under all the tables and chairs, under the cushions, around the posts, but we found nothing. As I took a couple of steps past the front door toward the direction of the lab, the radio crackled again, “Oopsey, nope-nope, you’re getting cold now,” and I instantly halted and retraced my steps more in front of the door as if tethered to a remote control. 
“You’re warm again, now isn’t that nicer?” 
I could hear it like it was right in front of me, but there was nothing there I could see.
“Now put your right foot in.” 
I looked at Sam and said, “What did he just say?”
“He said, ‘Put your right foot in.’”
So I stuck my right foot out in the air in front of me.
“Take your right foot out.” 
Then I put my right foot down.
“Put your right foot in … and shake it all about!”
I quickly stomped my foot back down to the porch in a huff, feeling very foolish. I hollered into the yard indiscriminately. “Tibby, now cut that out! This isn’t funny anymore!” 
I could hear a poorly muffled cackling from over the radio, and as I looked at Sam, I saw she was doing a poor job of covering her mouth in an effort to hide her snickering over the cheap pun I’d just fallen for. 
She giggled. “I have to admit, that was pretty funny.” 
My energy and patience depleted, I wearily shook my head, suffering in my moment of humiliation. Then, to ease my tension, I happened to glance up and pointed to the overhang. “There it is!” 
Somehow Tibby had managed to craftily hide the walkie talkie flat on its backside on top of the horizontal beam underneath the end of the rafters of the porch roof, with the speaker facing the overhang. That’s why it was impossible to track it down. It was causing the sound to reverberate from underneath the porch roof and then against the front of the house, hence rendering it undetectable. What a little smart aleck.
“Boy. No wonder we couldn’t find it, he’s sure a little wise guy isn’t he?” 
I reached up, stretching on one leg to retrieve the radio. “Yeah, a little smart aleck is more like it.” I keyed the mike. “All right Tibby, where are you?”
There was a brief moment of radio silence … then his military response was, “Identify yourself, please.”
I rolled my eyes in disbelief and leaned into the radio. “This is Toby, and you already know that.”
The radio crackled. “Use proper military rank, please,” Tibby instructed.
Sam tried to hide another unhampered smile with the back of her hand.
Now quite exasperated, I stood there shaking my head in disgust over the whole charade.
“OK … this is General Toby … now where are you?” 
“What’s the password?”
Before I exploded in a fit of rage, Sam stepped over and gingerly took the radio out of my hand, mockingly patting my shoulder at the same time with exaggerated pity. Keying the mike, she delicately and sweetly said, “Tibby, this is Sam, what’s your location, please?”
The radio crackled. “Lieutenant! It’s good to hear you. And it’s ‘Sergeant Tibby’ and ‘Private Claude.’ You must use proper military rank.”
With the button off, Sam immediately gave me an insulted look. In a glaring retort she said, “‘Lieutenant?’ What’s up with that?”
Gesturing a curved thumb back to myself, I smugly said, “I’m a General, ha! So carry on, Lieutenant!” With arrogant satisfaction, I dismissed her with a backhanded wave through the air.
Scowling at me, she turned her attention back to the radio. In her own barking, military fashion, she commanded, “Sergeant! I have orders from General Delivery here. He says your and Private Claude’s recon mission is complete. You are to stand down, I repeat, stand down, and report back to headquarters immediately for debriefing—ten-four?”
Tibby immediately responded back, “Roger that, headquarters. We are standing down, over and out.”
Instantly, the lid of the storage box on the dock creaked open and Tibby popped out and let the lid slam closed behind him with a loud, sharp whack, which startled Poopsy from his daydream slumber. He spontaneously jumped into the air like he’d been shot and let out one of his bizarre squawks. Then he did a dorky flip into the water and started flapping frantically to the opposite side of the inlet. This kind of sideshow was now his trademark.
Trekking down the ramp of the dock toward the house, Tibby was hunched over in commando mode, whispering something off the back of his hand in the direction of the water as he moved. “Private Claude” rose up out of the water and piloted himself out from under the dock, and in parallel followed Tibby in our direction. 
I stood there blinking like an idiot as Sam confidently shoved the telescoped antenna back into the radio, switched it off, and tossed it through the air at me in a gesture of celebrated resolve. She raised her eyebrows at me gloatingly. “Need anything else … ‘General’?”
With an exaggerated and playful snide look, I said, “I guess you’re feeling pretty smug about all of that ‘General Delivery’ stuff. Cute … that was very cute. You got an extra little twist after the stab there, did you, ‘Lieutenant’?”
She didn’t say a word—didn’t have to. She just looked very content. With raised eyebrows and tongue in cheek, she leaned back sporting a how-do-you-like-those-apples expression on her face. I didn’t have to tell her they tasted like crabapples.
Tibby, meanwhile, ordered Claude to remain on the beach as he completed his march from the dock, across the yard, and up the front steps. He stomped to attention in front of me and gave a formal salute. “General.” Then he turned to Sam. “Lieutenant.”
I returned the salute. “Well, Sergeant, now that your recon is complete, think you’re ready for some chow?” 
Tibby snapped another quick salute, “Sir, yes, sir!” 
Resuming a temporary and natural civilian composure, he leaned forward to me, pulled on my pants leg, and whispered loudly through cupped hands. “Um, can I have an Oak with my sandwich please?” 
By now, finally amused over the whole state of affairs and with obliged servitude, I said, “Sure, only the best for our troops.” I looked over to Sam and asked if she wanted to have some chow with us.
“Sure,” she said with a smile. “Want me to come in and help?”
Giving a quick thought to the chance of making an impression, I said, “Naw, why don’t you just let me do this. I’ll come get you guys when it’s ready. It won’t take long, and you both can relax and talk.” Then I saluted Tibby once more as I turned and went inside to the kitchen.
<><><> CHAPTER 3 <><><>
The Recon Report
SELF-ASSIGNED TO THE DUTY of a good host, I busied myself in the kitchen with the making of lunch for the three of us. A little later, I would learn about part of the following exchange she had with Tibby while I was in the kitchen.
<><><>
She was comfortably positioned in one of the lounge chairs and taken aback when Tibby walked up to her, agitating his body back and forth in a sly way with a “I know something you don’t know grin” across his impish face. “You guys kissed, huh?”
“What? Were you … were you spying on us or something?”
Tibby instantly lost his smile and confidently said, “No, its reconnaissance—a covert mission.”
“That’s spying on people,” Sam exclaimed.
Fists on his hips, Tibby leaned forward argumentatively. “That’s commando tactics,” he corrected.
Sam was mulling this over in her head, concerned for her privacy over the “personal confidences” she and Toby had just exchanged. But before she could issue any retort over Tibby’s eyewitness disclosure, he rocked his head from side to side tauntingly, singing in a schoolyard chant, “Sammy loves Toby and Toby loves Sammy—na na na na naaa naaa.”
Feeling aggravated, embarrassed, and uncertain now, Sam lunged forward from her seat. “Stop that!” she commanded. Besides, you don’t know that. I don’t even know that for sure.” 
Tibby, however, was not uncertain in the least, and he indicated so by instantly changing his demeanor and leaning toward her. “Oh, Sammy, uh-huh—sure he does, he prove it to you.”
Sensing his sincerity, her curiosity piqued, she asked, “What makes you so sure?”
He laced his fingers and straddled his hands across the top of Sam’s knee. Resting his chin as he peered into her eyes, he intuitively said, “Because, he kiss you big before he talked anything, huh?” 
Astonished, Sam put a hand on Tibby’s shoulder as she pondered this revelation with wonder and new confidence. “You know, you might be right. I hadn’t thought about it like that. That’s a good point, Tibby, because it sure felt like the real deal to me.” 
“Yeah, a nice real deal, huh?” 
Sam nodded in agreement. 
“So, when’s the date?”
“You heard everything too?” Now she felt her temper rising. 
“Sure.” He shrugged, like, no big deal, what would you expect?
“How in the world were you able to do that?”
“Oh, lots of ways …”
“Yeah, OK, let me hear—”
“… like, VOX.”
“VOX? What is VOX?”
He avoided further inquisition by spinning around, popping his head upward and loudly chiming, “DING” just as Toby pushed opened the screen door and hollered. 
<><><>
“Hey, you guys. Lunch is ready, come on inside and let’s eat.” I thought it odd when Sam just about jumped out of her skin. “Is everything all right?” I asked. But she seemed to be lost in thought. Since she didn’t make any comment, I didn’t think any more of it.
After we sat down at the table and started lunch, Tibby “yummed” and “hummed” over his toasted cheese sandwich and “Oak,” while Sam and I delighted ourselves over sandwiches and an avocado salad, which drew compliments from her.
Tibby made short order of his lunch and was all too ready to be excused. 
“Toby, can I go outside and play?”
“Sure, lil’ buddy. Just stay close by for the rest of the day, OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby.”
With enthusiasm, he hopped down from his chair, pushed it back to the table and was about to turn and make a hasty exit when he stopped, slowly turned back and hesitantly asked, “Do I need to help you for the dishes first?”
Impressed and pleased with his training, but not without compassion, I smiled and thanked him for asking, adding, “Since we have Sam here today, maybe you can ask her nicely to take your place.”
Tibby laced his fingers together and tucked them under his chin as he shrugged his shoulders childishly. Looking mercifully wide eyed at Sam, he pleadingly asked, “Sammy, do you ‘nicely’ like to do dishes with Toby today?”
Sam smiled over his manners and exaggerated charm. “I gotcha covered there, Sergeant, go on and play while the General and I clean up.”
“Yea, thanks, Lieutenant Sammy!”
Tibby bolted out the front door to round up Claude for some action while Sam and I cleaned up our lunch residue. 
In the flow of conversation during our clean up, Sam happened to ask me, “What is ‘VOX’, by the way?” 
I instantly perked up. “VOX? That’s Latin for ‘voice.’ Why?” 
“Okay. Does it stand for anything else?” she asked.
“Oh yeah, one thing that I’m personally acquainted with—it’s pretty cool actually— ‘Voice Operated Switch.’”
“Like on your walkie talkies, maybe?” Sam asked.
Initially I was quite impressed and surprised when Sam made that astute deduction. “Exactly! You wouldn’t believe the way you can—” But I didn’t finish my exuberant response regarding the eavesdropping potentials of my walkie talkies because my awareness suddenly shifted. With a staggering understanding to what she had just deduced, I gawked, mouth open, and stopped what I was doing. “Oh no, you’re kidding me, right?” 
“Nope. Every single word.” She enunciated each word as she nodded her head.
I could only gasp in realization. “Boy, he’s something else isn’t he? Learning how to do that all on his own, especially after just getting the walkie talkies. I can’t believe he got caught, though. When I used them to listen in on my parents, I never got caught. So, how did you find out Tibby had VOX switched on anyway?”
“Oh, he asked me about these two little things, and basically, that was all it took.”
“Yeah, like what? What ‘two little things’ did he ask?” 
Sam casually turned her attention back to drying the dishes. “Like, ‘we kissed,’ and ‘when were we going on our date.’ Which, by the way, you have failed in following up with me.”
I shut the water off and threw my arms up in the air as my irritation over Tibby’s violation of our very private and personal exchange continued to build. All I could say was, “That little sneak.” 
I started to head out the door to execute a retaliation, but before I could, Sam grabbed my arm to stop me. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. I think that’s the wrong thing for you to do.”
“Why?” I said, now irritated.
“Because, I think you ought to act like you don’t know anything about it.” I gave her a deflated and perplexed look as she continued. “It’s probably exactly what your parents did for you … you only thought you didn’t get caught.” Now, that did make me stop and think for just a moment as I realized how sensible that actually sounded. “Besides, if I hadn’t told you anything and kept it to myself, you wouldn’t know a thing about it anyway, and it wouldn’t matter, right?”
I gave a slow, thoughtful response. “Yeah, I must admit, you do make a good point about that, Sam.” 
“I think if our relationship cultivates into anything significant, we’ll both have Tibby to thank for that, but especially you. Besides, I don’t necessarily believe it’s supposed to remain a big secret anyway.” She turned back with a look of confidence as she finished drying the last glass. 
Staring off in thought and contemplation, I realized the sense Sam was making. Given Tibby’s extrasensory abilities, he probably knows more about what’s going on than we’re actually aware of. And even if he didn’t, he’d probably find out sooner or later anyway. I looked at Sam, speaking with less difficulty than before. “Hmm, once again I think you’re exactly right, Sam.” I moved back to finish rinsing the last of the dishes.
With a contented smile on her face, she repeated her unanswered question. “So, when is our official date, and where are we going, general?”
I smiled fiendishly. “This was it, lieutenant chickie-poo. How did you like it?”
Waiting for an outburst of some kind, I detected absolute silence and no sign of movement on her part until I turned enough for her to see my smug grin.
She caught her breath in a huge sigh of relief. “Oh, you are such a snot. For a minute I thought you were being serious.” I chuckled, and she added, “That’s just plain mean.” 
“No, that’s dry humor and sarcasm, probably something you’re going to have to start getting used to.”
She shook her finger at me with forewarning. “As long as you remember it works both ways, mister.”
I said I’d take that challenge, and we both laughed and cut up, truly enjoying one another’s company as we talked. It caused me to realize my appreciation for the fact that Sam and I had a professional relationship first, and the makings of a new couple, second. To me, this also helped to prove that our attraction was more genuine and stable, having true meaning, yet the work side of it had not been altered. More important than anything else, it also proved what I had been missing. 
Sam repeated her question, so I decided I was not going to make our first date a mystery. “Don’t let your curiosity get the best of you. I can’t tell you exactly where or when we’ll go. To tell you the truth, I don’t even know yet. I was planning to talk to you first and get your input and ideas. I don’t even know what you like or dislike. I don’t want to take you somewhere that you wouldn’t enjoy. You know what I mean?”
She smiled. “Aw, thanks. I think that’s nice. But I thought of something else we’ll have to consider, and that is, what are you going to do about Tibby while we’re gone?”
“Actually, that may not be as much of a problem as you might think. If you recall, I left him alone for almost five hours this past Saturday when I went to Zeke’s for propane and groceries.”
“Oh, yeah, that’s right, you did. So do you think that means he’d be all right staying home in the evening by himself long enough for us to go out?” 
“Well, frankly, that’s the thing. I’m not so sure I’ve thought of everything. On the one hand, when we consider if he was undiscovered, he’d be all alone and totally self-sufficient. To that point, when I left him alone less than twenty-four hours after our initial introduction, not only was he all right, but he cleaned, disinfected, and straightened the whole house back to like-new conditions—all by himself, remember? So, you tell me.”
Sam seemed optimistic. “Sounds to me like he’d do OK, but I still think you should set him down with a specific set of rules and precautions to follow.”
“Well, we’ll see. I’m sure we’ll probably have to talk about it some more.”
For some reason I was still a little uneasy about it, but I couldn’t explain why. It could be that I was too intent on the expectation of privacy on our date. Given that I would probably take Sam out on Saturday night, I’d have a little more time to think about Tibby and when to talk to him about it too. One thing at the moment I was sure of was that we needed to get some work done today. “All right, party time is over. Let’s get a move on. We’re both lagging behind today.”
As soon as I spoke, Sam dashed out of the house in a childish race, hollering, “Beatcha!” and she did too. She’s quick.
Once back in the lab we wasted no time falling into place with our work. There was a lot of cataloging of new samples to do, and the updating is rigorous and very time consuming, particularly with the plant life, which includes several species. Sam was invaluable for this job. Subsequently, the findings from the result of her information determine the scheduling of my fieldwork, and that, of course, is my favorite part. Also, Sam collects and organizes any specialized samples she would drop off at an offsite testing facility on her way home as needed.
By the end of the day we were both tired not only from our work, but also due to the anxiety and excitement we had experienced this morning. I turned to her with a sense of satisfaction. “All in all, I’d say we had a pretty good day.” 
“I’ll Say. I don’t know when you’ve ever helped that much on the cataloging. If that’s what one or two kisses will do for you, I can’t wait to see the results I can get after three or four.”
“I can’t either!” I smiled, pleased that Sam still had our first kiss on her mind because I did too—all day long for that matter. But I knew “discretion was the better part of wisdom” during our work time. “Just the same, you might be proceeding from a false assumption there, lieutenant.” I moved in close with intent and concluded my point. “But it won’t hurt for you to try and find out, now will it?” We were alone for the moment, and since we were done for the day and I knew we would soon have to part company, I took the initiative by grasping her hand to pull us closer to one another. 
She smiled. “I think I’ve created a monster.”
With our fingers laced together, I gently pulled her arm behind her back in a romantic arm-lock hug, drawing us together, pausing only slightly. Smiling at one another with approving anticipation, we passionately kissed for the second time. The rewarding exchange of ardor was given release once more, bursting with ten-star fervor on a five-star scale. There were so many things that were starting to become evident. I was so excited to talk about it that I felt I would explode. But I was remembering Solomon’s remark about there being a time for everything that we experience in life that has a season, and I didn’t want what I was feeling to be premature. 
This time, Sam tenderly reached up and held a soft hand on my cheek, seemingly giving warrant and appreciation for the kiss. At the same time she politely and caressingly rubbed her lip gloss off my mouth with her thumb. That gesture had a combination of consideration, intrigue, and a stimulating yet respectful effect, and I liked it and also the way she was shifting her eyes from my mouth and back to my eyes. “I don’t think it’s likely you’ll be seen by anyone, but either way, you probably don’t want my lip gloss all over your mouth.”
I smiled with fondness and appreciation and slowly unlocked my grasp. “I could handle it, though.”
She gave me a short affectionate parting kiss. “Well general, we’ve had a very auspicious day, wouldn’t you say?” 
“Propitious indeed.” I replied, simulating her interpolated “word of the day.”
“Well, I guess I need to go on home, unless there’s something else you want me to do? Like help get your big pack ready for tomorrow?”
“No, that’s all right. We’ll have plenty of time in the morning. I appreciate it though. Thanks for everything. I can honestly say I’ve learned a lot today about myself, and it’s also been very, uh … personally rewarding.”
Still holding hands, she wagged our arms back and forth a couple of times. “It’s the same for me too. I’ll see you in the morning. Bye, Toby.”
As she let go of my hands to leave, everything inside me was screaming, “No—don’t let her go!” But I knew that such a spontaneous response was one that could dominate and cause an emotional rush that could influence my behavior, which might result in an overcompensation of my feelings and cloud my judgment. I believed this proper discipline would help our relationship to build naturally and stronger, as it should. So, even though I didn’t want to, I did the proper thing at the moment and simply said goodbye and told her I’d see her in the morning. I stayed in the lab and watched her through the screen door, staying back where she couldn’t see me as she got in her car to leave. 
It was better not to allow Sam to witness any subsequent signs of attraction I have for her, other than what she was able to discern. It’s part of developing the “natural balance” as much as carefully guarding or protecting ones’ own affections. It has everything to do with being mature about the relationship. Also, in the back of my mind, there were things that I needed to embrace after listening to Tibby’s phenomenal verbal dissertation on love. I was shocked when I heard it, but later realized there was some invaluable information contained in what he had to say. After all, I was the one who asked him what he thought love was in the first place. I have no doubt he could repeat it exactly, word for word. 
Thinking about that caused me to realize I hadn’t seen or heard Tibby in a while. I exited the lab, but before I could take a breath to call for him, Claude came trotting around the dock from the direction of the driveway, huffing and puffing with Tibby straddled across the top of his neck and shoulders. “Hey there, guys. No wonder I didn’t see you. What have you two been up to?”
“Hi Toby, we were telling Sammy goodbye. She is very happy.” 
“Oh yeah?” Trying not to appear naive, I subtly asked, “So, uh, what’s she so happy about?”
Tibby was grinning from ear to ear. “Everything. She just acts … happy-happy.” 
“I see, well I think that’s probably a good thing.”
“Yup-yup, that’s a very good thing,” he chimed.
I felt confident Tibby was merely pointing out his observation of Sam’s demeanor and her feelings of appreciation from today’s personal events, and not necessarily from any direct comment or statement she may have given.
Ready to go into the house for the day, Tibby hopped off of Claude, who was ready for a nap about this time anyway. Typical to his spontaneity, Tibby inquired, “Can we have rations for dinner?”
“Rations? Do you know what ‘rations’ are?”
“Umm-hmm, it is army food. Yes?”
I drew back slightly, thinking about how to answer. “Well, yeah, it’s army food all right. But it’s not a very appetizing food unless you were actually in the military, out in the field, training hard, or particularly during a war, out on the battlefield for days and days, fighting and hadn’t had a chance to eat a fresh cooked meal. Then you had to make do with ‘rations.’”
“Mmm, yummy.” 
I laughed. “I still don’t think you get it.” Then I recalled the perfect reference to help him understand. “Do you remember your first night at the house when you came inside? You walked all over the place looking at this, and that, and the other? Before you spoke English? Then you saw me eating and you grunted at me, letting me know you were hungry, but you didn’t want what I was eating out of those cans? Do you remember that?”
“Uh-huh, oh yes-yes, I do remember.” 
“Well, I was eating rations.”
Astonished, Tibby gasped with widened eyes as he pulled both his hands under his chin and mouth and then slowly dropped them to his chest. Scrunching his face up in revulsion, he shook his head no. “Ooo, yuck-o, ‘ood-ood,’ no-no. No rations for me.”
“I thought that’s what your response might be once you understood. But, if you like, you can pretend what you’re eating is rations … how ‘bout that?”
“Oh yes. Goodie-goodie, thank you, Toby.”
“You’re welcome, Tibby.” It was all I could do to keep from laughing out loud. Because it was his revulsion to an old can of Brussels sprouts that I was referencing, Tibby was truly appreciative of this important information based upon newly trained table manners and rules he has learned. In this case it was, “Take what you want, but eat what you take.”
Once inside, I asked how he felt about giving himself a bath before dinner. “Then I’ll let you help and we’ll fix dinner together. How’s that idea?”
He was elated. “Oh yes.” Then assuming charge of himself he added, “But I won’t do a bubble bath or play … to save time so I can help with dinner quick-quick, okey-dokey?”
“Okey-dokey, lil’ buddy, see you in the kitchen.”
My idea was to use the fresh vegetables available by chance Tibby would willingly introduce himself to the idea of eating a salad for dinner, particularly if he took part in the preparation. After his bath, I involved him in everything, during which he asked me, “Are we going to be regevetarians now?”
As always, his word play amused me. “Well, maybe just for tonight.”
We boiled some eggs, got some shredded cheese, diced up some sliced deli ham and topped it off with wedges of tomato and some olives for quite an awesome chef salad. We took our dinner over the top by baking up some fresh hot garlic seasoned bread rolls in the oven to add with the salad. Tibby was so excited over the refrigerated fresh dough that popped open from the cardboard can that he was determined to try to peel and pop all of them, including the canned biscuits. 
“Bread grenades!” he squealed, “Neat-o!”
Outside of that drama and excitement, during dinner Tibby was a salad-eating maniac. He loved it. During his two servings he must have tried three different dressings, all of which he liked and greatly enjoyed. 
After dinner, we finished an easy clean up routine in the kitchen when a thought came to mind. “Tibby, how about if we make some popcorn and watch a movie together tonight. Would you like that?”
His eye sparkled. “Oooh, yes-yes, Toby. Uh … do I like popcorn?”
“Everybody likes popcorn,” I said, amused by his delayed caution combined with his innocent agreeable nature, “So it would be unusual if you didn’t, but I’m sure you will. Here, let me show you how to make it.”
Tibby was again taken away with his flair for military drama as the bag of popcorn began to pop in the microwave. He dashed under the kitchen table shouting, “Take cover, men!” Then he would come out grasping his chest from pretend machine gun wounds, staggering about the kitchen. With winded half-breaths, he said, “You’ll have to go on without me, General … you must take that living room.” And with a final dramatic gasp, he died a classic movie death. It was a show in itself.
After his quick taste test of the hot buttery popcorn, it was as I had suspected, so I resumed the process of popping a second bag with Tibby repeating his defense reaction, falling on the floor and “dying” again in a convulsing drama from several imaginary gunshot wounds. Afterward, I divided the popcorn into separate bowls and opened and poured us a Coke to drink. “Come on, lil’ buddy, movie time.”
We settled ourselves down together to watch a pay-per-view movie that turned out to be Finding Nemo, which was a resounding hit with Tibby. However, I had no idea how he could possibly keep up with any of the dialog and plot that took place during the movie for the constant rapid-fire questions he asks throughout. If it weren’t for the pause and playback features I wouldn’t have known anything about the movie. For that reason it added a whole hour of extra viewing time, running us a little later than usual for our bedtime.
Right at the beginning, Tibby burst up in alarm, quite disturbed. He stepped closer, pointing at the TV, transfixed, and asked, “What happened? What, what happened to the mommy fish?”
Munching on my popcorn, I garbled, “The barracuda ate her.”
Tibby’s apprehensions became quite raised. “I didn’t see the barracuda eat the mommy fish. When did the barracuda eat the mommy fish?”
I shook my head as I kept munching. “They didn’t actually show it, you’re supposed to understand that’s what happened,” I explained.
“But why-for? Why-for did he eat her, Toby … why-cause did he do that?”
“Because, she swam out from their home, too far, where she shouldn’t have, out there in the ocean—you understand?”
He clinched his fists and braced them against his hips, frowning hard at the TV. “Stupid barracuda. Now who will raise little Nemo?” 
“The daddy fish will probably raise him—and we don’t say ‘stupid,’ because that’s not nice.” Tibby had gotten in trouble for using that “ugly” word once before.
He quickly recovered his spirit, “Sorry, Toby. But, how can the daddy fish raise the baby fish without the mommy fish?” He was rapidly lacing his fingers back and forth with expressed concern.
I felt clever when I replied, “Well, the same way I’m raising you, I guess.”
He paused momentarily. “Oh. Um … then did a barracuda eat your mommy too?”
My chin dropped to my chest and I snickered a little. “No Tibby, a barracuda didn’t eat my mommy … now hush for awhile and just watch the movie.”
“Okey-dokey, Toby. But I don’t like those barracuda, no more.”
Even though he didn’t pause his questions for very long, I understood that part of Tibby’s learning required that many things had to be explained in order to be properly understood, and appreciated. I sometimes forget and have to remind myself that I’m the one who decided to do that for him when I took him in. Being single and having lived by myself for so long, it was a little tough at first to get used to these responsibilities, but I have no regrets about it.
The next morning, Tibby and I both awoke at about the same time. Things had started to fall into a regular, rhythmic routine. After getting up by himself, Tibby had made his bed and started a fresh pot of froffee for me while I was getting shaved and dressed, something I had forgotten to do the night before. By the time I came out of my bedroom, he met me in the hallway on the way to his bathroom to brush his teeth. “Good morning, tough guy, how are you?” I hugged him close to me, petting him with loving inquiry. I’ve learned that this kind of treatment helps to set him in a better frame of mind, and it also helps him to emulate a sweeter and more receptive behavior for the day. This wholesome therapy seems to be healthier for him and for me too. 
Tibby managed a little grin as he put his arms around my legs. “Good morning, Toby.” 
“How did you sleep?”
He gave me an odd look and said, “I sleep with my eyes closed.”
I shook my head after baiting myself for that one. “I mean, did you sleep well?”
“I sleep very good, thank you. I made some froffee, ‘cause you forgot.” 
“Yes, I know it. I smelled it from the bathroom. I almost ran out here to get some before I was done shaving, but if I’d done that, I would have plopped shaving cream in my cup instead of coffee cream … blah-yuck-o.” I shook my head the way Tibby does when he says that. He was thoroughly entertained over my use of some of his personal expressions, and I offered some additional “therapy” when I then tickled him lightly to punctuate my jest as he squirmed and giggled over the affection and attention. Then I asked him, “Does an easy breakfast of toast sound OK for this morning?”
“Yes, it sounds very yummy for me.”
Without any substitutions or modifications, our breakfast was satisfied with an order of toast and margarine, complimented with the new introduction of applesauce topping. After a previous two-piece toast lesson on the advantages of spooning the applesauce one bite at a time, Tibby was careful now not to shoot it across the table when biting a folded piece overloaded with the sauce in the middle. I’d made him clean up that mess, which he didn’t particularly care for.
Later, while making our way to the lab, we met Claude coming around from the far side of the house. He apparently listens or somehow knows when were walking outside. Tibby’s response to his appearance is almost always the same greeting. “Yea, Claudie.”
“Mornin’, big boy.” I walked over to Claude and gave him the praise, attention, and affectionate wrestle he craves so much. I believe Claude’s behavior has everything to do with the metamorphic change Tibby had performed on him, thus initiating this unique personality. I don’t know this absolutely, but it certainly would be understandable. What was sure was that he’d turned out to be Tibby’s best buddy; no question about that. 
We weren’t into our playful romp for very long when we were boldly interrupted by an abrupt announcement. “Hey you guys. We’ve got some work to do!”
We all three stopped, surprised to see Sam standing with the screen door of the lab held wide open with her right foot. She had both hands on her hips, watching our little horseplay.
“If you guys are about finished with your male bonding session, do you think perhaps you’re ready to organize some of today’s work details?” 
I scoffed, and in jest said, “Jealous.” 
Then I winked back at Tibby and Claude. “You guys need to stay close to the lab and house. Tibby, don’t get him too tired out, because we’ll all be going out in the field this morning. OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby.” Claude grunted in concert, wagging his head in the air.
Just for fun, I dramatically marched my way up to the porch of the lab while Sam was holding the door open. Then I stopped and exaggerated a military quarter turn to face her and saluted with a snap. “Lieutenant! Tell me … why exactly does it bother women so much for them to see guys get together and have a little fun?”
Trying not too hard to contain a little smirk, she said, “It’s the only way we can get silly men to get anything done when they’re together. So don’t start with me this morning, General.” She gave me a quick peck of a kiss on the lips, then pointed in command for me to enter the lab and followed directly behind me. 
Her mood quickly changed to a sobering morning rundown. “I’ve already got your big pack ready to go. I think you’re probably going to end up on a long one today. How many extra power bars and waters do you think you’ll need?”
I properly changed my mood to one of attentive support. “I don’t know, why, what’s up?” 
“Well, we got an email about the blood and DNA tests on that manatee calf’s tail sample …”
Somehow I knew this was going to be disappointing news. “Yeah … and?” 
Sam had a dour expression. “They say the first batch of testing was inconclusive, but they’re running it again without asking because they knew that’s what you would tell them to do—and they’re proceeding to secondary testing, a total CMP and new genome spread.” 
I was thoroughly disappointed over this news. “This is the second time this has happened. I should have known better and took my time to get the sample from the flipper.”
“I know,” Sam replied consolingly, “Sorry.” 
“Oh, it’s not your fault.” Then I continued, thinking out loud. “Yeah, well, we’ll have to keep trying, because the other definitive way to determine albinism is an eye exam to detect any iris translucency, and that’s out of the question. I’m not qualified and I don’t know how easy that would be for someone who is. I imagine the calf would need to be herded into a small shallow inlet to confine its movements, and that’s not easy to accomplish in the wild. I’m not comfortable putting someone between the cow and the calf. I’m even less comfortable with the risk of Tibby being discovered if someone was contracted from the outside. In spite of my confidence believing this calf is an albino, the blood and genomic DNA analysis is still the way to go, and a whole lot easier to control. It won’t be around long enough to grow to size for me to see its eyes clearly.”
Sam was already selecting the food and water supply for our trip while she talked. “Well, you know what they say, ‘third time’s a charm.’ It’ll happen, don’t worry, you’ll find out for sure. And besides, I didn’t think of what you said earlier, but you’re right. We’ve got to constantly remember about Tibby’s presence, don’t we? Say, maybe you could get a picture of the calf’s eye using the waterproof camera? Do you think you could get close enough to get a clear shot?” 
“That’s a good suggestion, Sam, but the eye exam for albinism is to determine the absence of eye pigmentation behind the pupil. That’s what makes the eye pink—it’s the red blood cells in the eye. I wouldn’t know of any variance to this rule with a baby manatee. This calf is so young, he would have to be caught, maybe even lifted out, contained, and the whole deal, which means a team of licensed specialists, and that would be expensive. Not to mention possible trauma to the calf. No way—I’m absolutely not going to that extreme, invasion, and cost. But I’d like to get some pictures just the same, and probably the first step in that attempt would be to mount the camera on an extension pole. I will however, need to get another diving mask to accomplish all of this. I never did recover my other one.”
“Do you need one for today?” she asked.
“No, no—I’m not scheduling that task as yet. Today’s outing is mainly ‘recon,’ as Tibby calls it. Besides, I still have a cheap set of swimming goggles I can use. First I have to anticipate and determine possible locations of the pod, map out their previous popular grazing areas, then set up for the dive, and maybe get a photo at that time. 
“I’m going to take Tibby and Claude with me. So, you’re right, I’ll probably need the extra provisions. Just go ahead and double what’s there.”
“OK, you got it.” Sam added more water and power bars to the pack. “Well, that’ll give me time to research about a new mask. I’ll check some out online and maybe pick it up for you tonight on my way home. This afternoon while you’re out, I’ll locate the camera, the pole, and all the other gear you’ll be needing and start getting it ready if you decide to follow through on that plan. Here, your backpack is good to go. You said you’ve already prepped your haversack, but what about your compass and mapping stuff? You got plenty of test vials and caps?”
“Yes, I sure do, I never take those things out anymore, and I already grabbed the extra vials and caps from the last trip. Thanks Sam, I appreciate it.” I was impressed by her exactness. She was sure an ace at organizing; hadn’t missed a thing. “Well, I guess I’m ‘outta here. Be back when I get back.” I gave a one-arm wave goodbye as I headed toward the door, and she gave me a charming “okey-dokey” farewell. 
Halting temporarily, I whirled about with a smile when a spur of inspiration hit me. “Hey, does the Front Porch sound OK?”
“Say what? The front porch of what?” 
“You know, dinner—you and me, Saturday night, at The Front Porch. It’s an all-you-can-eat home-style cooked catfish and chicken restaurant off highway 41.”
She was caught off guard and seemed bewildered, but readily agreeable, “I’ve never even heard of it, but sure, I guess. Is it any good?”
“I sure think it is. Especially if you like farm-raised catfish fillets, fried chicken, wheat pilaf, and hush puppies. You know … country food. But, do you care for the taste of fried catfish?”
“Oh, yes, I love it.”
“Good. Then you’ll like this place. Anyway, if there’s something else you think you might prefer, we can still change it if you want.”
She smiled and shook her head in approval when I quickly leaned forward and gave her a modest kiss on the cheek before leaving. “Come on boys,” I hollered to Tibby and Claude. “We’re going on a fieldtrip.”
Tibby threw his arms into the air in celebration, yelling, “Yeaaa, let’s go, Claudie—trip-trip-trip.”
<><><> CHAPTER 4 <><><>
Swamp Licky and Behemoth Negotiations
WITHOUT FURTHER DELAY, I threw my haversack over my shoulder and set my direction and stride. Tibby and Claude dutifully fell into rank close behind me as we headed over the bridge and across the inlet into the lush, jungle-like swamp—a semitropical and hardwood forest.
Barely a quarter of a mile into our walk, and during his typical childlike Q&A session, one of Tibby’s potentially problematic questions was, “Will we get to camp out here tonight?”
With unabated disapproval and quick foresight to suspend Tibby’s current and future thoughts on that subject, as much as an opportunity to have a little fun, I turned to him with widened eyes and mysterious formality. “Are you kidding? And get caught out here tonight by a swamp licky?”
Tibby paused to contemplate this mystifying and unknown scary threat. “A swamp licky?” he whispered with captivated concern.
I knew he would be overtaken and awestruck, so I ran away with it. “Oh, you better believe it. All of us, when we were little kids, were scared to death of stories about these terrible, goblin-like swamp creatures that come out at night and would nab you and take you back to their underground tunnels and mud caves.”
Claude instantly raised his head with apprehension, looking all about, his eyes darting back and forth, peering over his shoulder nervously with a worried, furrowed brow as he sped up his pace to lessen his distance between us.
Wringing his hands with uneasy concern and leaning over with his eyes widened as far as possible, Tibby quickened his stride for his own safety and protection. “Oh my … wha’, what do they do to you, Toby?” 
I stopped so abruptly he bumped into me. I turned around, hunched over, and slowly stepped toward him … and then quickly lunged at him with both my hands and arms raised in an attack position, shouting, “They eat you!” 
“Aahhh!” Tibby shouted back, scared and very startled. He and Claude both must have jumped a foot off the ground. Frowning at me, he put both fists on his hips and sternly said, “I don’t like those swamp licky.”
“Well, we better not be camping out here then, huh?”
Shaking his head and still frowning, he said, “No-no-no.”
I turned back around, nearly about to cry because I was laughing so hard on the inside. I didn’t know when I would let Tibby know this was purely local folklore and superstition. But just the same, it was one of those things that helped to keep me scared and respectful of the swamp when I was a little kid. And it worked for a very long time. Now I understand and see the tremendous benefit that it served. It certainly must have given Tibby something to think about because he was quieter than usual for the longest time.
For the rest of the morning and into the afternoon, we made a large, long sweeping radius in our course of checking several of the known and potential inlets and pools the pod might have located themselves, but there was no albino calf to be found.
I stopped and busied myself from time to time, plotting new information on some homemade, topographical gridline maps of my property with some basic and relative landmarks I had drawn for that purpose. They’re always kept, along with several blank sheets, in a waterproof portfolio that I bring with me. That way, I might plot or mark any changes and update information as needed during an outing. It’s very useful. 
After about four hours, Tibby and I decided to stop to have a snack. We didn’t have to concern ourselves with Claude. He would dip into every body of water we came across once I checked it and gave him the all clear. So, truth be told, he had probably been “snacking” during this entire trip. When we finally picked a suitable spot and sat down in a soft clump of swamp grass, Tibby rested his elbows on his knees, with his chin cradled in the palms of his cupped hands. I opened the haversack, scrounging around in it. “What would you like for a snack, Tibby?”
He peered off into the distance. “Umm … I’d like Froot Loops please.”
Aggravated by his request, I said I didn’t have any Froot Loops and prepared myself for an ensuing verbal divergence. “What’s wrong with a power bar?” 
“I give up?”
Baffled, I stopped and stared at him. “You give up? What do you mean, you give up?”
“I don’t know. What is wrong with a power bar?”
I couldn’t decide whether he was being difficult, or just naive and puerile, so I asked one more time, but with pointed emphasis. “Tibby … I brought power bars to eat, would you like a power bar for a snack?”
“Oh yes, that would be nice, thank you, Toby.”
“Then what’s the big idea asking for Froot Loops, for crying out loud?”
He just looked at me like I was cracking up for not hearing what I had asked him and quite calmly said, “You asked me what I would like, and I would like Froot Loops.”
I stared at the ground for a moment with forced acceptance. Actually, I understood he was right about what I asked, after I grasped his apparent ingenuous response. I unwrapped and handed him the snack and watched while he contentedly munched. Careful not to repeat my casual use of the vernacular, I said, “I have some bottled water to drink. Would you like a bottle of water?”
“Yes please.” I handed him a bottle of water. “Thank you, Toby.”
“You’re welcome, Tibby.” I thought about how his combination of expression with the vernacular could never be anticipated. Finishing my power bar and water, I jotted down some notes and location of the few manatees we happened to observe. During my thoughts and concerns on the whereabouts of that pod with the albino male, I remembered the manner in which Tibby seemed to be able to “zone in” on them last time we were out here, during the “Amazing Boat Ride” incident. 
“Tibby, is there some quicker way you would be able to locate that pod with the white calf?”
“Oh yes, Toby. I can search many times faster than you and Claude.” His enthusiasm quickly switched to hovered concern. “But what about the swamp licky?”
Restraining a laugh, I answered with a mouthful of power bar. “Uh, they don’t like sunlight and can only come out at night, so you don’t have anything to worry about.”
Nervously wringing his hands, he gusted, “Ooh … whew-wee. That’s better for me.”
Still smiling to myself over my little ruse, I pulled out another map and began to take a bearing with a lensatic compass and quickly penciled in some graphics and landmarks before explaining some of the basics of map reading to Tibby.
Tibby watched and listened intently as I pointed and gestured at the map during my talk, nodding his head, seemingly confirming he understood everything I was showing him. “You understand now? Here’s the lab where we started, here’s how much we’ve already covered and where we’ve looked, here’s where we are now, and here’s what’s left to check for today. That’s the area we’ll split and search separately. You go to this far end—about here, ‘cause you can get there quicker. I’ll start here, go to the edge of this main channel, make my turn back up along this way, and we should meet right about here in the middle.”
“Yes, yes, uh-huh, I see, Toby.” 
“All right then, let’s go. I’ll take Claude, since he’ll probably be able to keep up with me easier than he would with you. Oh, one more thing, Tibby”—and I pointed at him for emphasis—“Don’t let yourself be seen by anyone, understand?”
Tibby smiled with assurance. “Okey-dokey, Toby.”
“All right. Attaboy!”
Sealed with a high-five gesture, our plan was settled and set into motion. Tibby dashed off through the foliage vanishing into a blur as he went. He gave no evidence to his travel and location whatsoever as he moved, except for the slight movements of the foliage, which to the untrained eye hinted only of a light wind or breeze. He must have understood my explanation of the map pretty good because, best as I could tell, he seemed to be heading in the proper direction for as far as I was able to track his invisible movements. He could cover an easy eight miles in just over twenty minutes at the rate he was going.
Claude watched longingly. “Come on Claude, we’re gonna go this way, big boy.”
He grunted and hefted himself upward and tagged along behind in his usual chugging fashion. Knowing full well Tibby would stay on his guard, and was entirely capable of protecting himself left me worry free and alone to give all the contemplation and attention I was accustomed to having on these outings. During my search for the inlet that contained the special calf, I made a point of at least getting various water, plant, and muck samples of three or more uncharted estuaries, plus some new samples to update the information on a few we currently monitor and track. 
A disturbing unknown fact is how surface water conditions can change in as little as twenty-four hours. Few understand that this also includes changes in well water, from which so many people across the country rely upon for total use. Water pollution, both organic and chemical, is getting worse whether dumped directly by people who manufacture illegal drugs, or from chemicals released into the atmosphere that fall back down in rain. Then over time and during the normal course of rain and seasons, this material and its toxins find their way back into the water table. Though these are the worst case situations, fortunately they remain isolated. Currently it is chemical fertilizer from sugarcane farming that remains to be an issue of high concern and a growing threat. Investigation has proven that the runoff from dairy and sugarcane farms, rich in nutrients, has created an inordinate upsurge of plant growth, which is obstructing major waterways, depriving them of oxygen, and crowding animal life. Cattails in particular are spreading at a rate of four acres per day. This is why regular updating the samples for testing is so crucial. The president of the Wilderness Society was quoted in the New York Times saying, “Of all the national parks, [the Everglades is] the closest one to extinction.”
I snapped the cap shut on the last vial. “Well, I think that’s a pretty good batch of samples to complete some new updating of these areas, don’t you, Claude?” I talked to him as if he were completely aware of everything I was saying, and also because it felt rather suitable and justified my habit of talking to myself. “Let’s see here,” I looked around to get a better idea of our approximate location and checked my watch. “We better get started if we’re going to make it to the rendezvous point on time, or Tibby’s going to wonder where we are.”
I headed in the necessary direction, taking a slightly deviated course only to avoid as much of the heavier and thicker plant life and brush as possible, not only making our hike a little easier, but making up some time. After twenty or thirty minutes, we had walked more than halfway through a long and narrow clearing with swamp grass, saw grass, and tall, thick brush just on the other side. Claude suddenly went into some kind of “high alert” mode, quickly cut in front of me and stopped. He frowned intensely and started snuffing and snorting violently, exchanging vast amounts of air, jerking his head up and quickly looking this way and that. Then he cautiously advanced a couple more steps, abruptly stopped, and repeated the whole process.
“What? What is it Claude? What’s going on?”
He seemed to pay me little mind and proceeded with his aggressive scent checking. As I started to pass around him thinking nothing of the situation, he abruptly raised his tail with prehensile exhibition and caught me at my midsection, firmly pushing me backwards. If I hadn’t stepped back, I would have been knocked down. Puzzled and a little affronted by this uncommon gesture, I responded with some irritation in my voice. “Hey! What’s the deal, anyway?” 
Claude reared his head and chest upward as far as he could and was now looking much more intently in a specific direction in front of us. With his attention focused on something I couldn’t see, he began to rumble this very low subsonic grumbling growl that vibrated the ground. Now very familiar with this behavior, at that instant, I too went on high alert. 
Claude started to get more uptight and seemed to be frowning with rage. He gapped his jaws, gave a loud long hiss, and moved back a couple of short steps, swaying his head side-to-side with disapproval, all the while continually pushing me in back of him as far as his tail would reach. I didn’t quite know what to expect, but now nervous and concerned, I submitted to Claude’s obvious evocation with prudence, continuing to step back even further. As I continued my cautious retreat, Claude made a controlled advance, widening his jaws, hissing and rumbling louder, tensing his whole body. 
All at once, he slung his head violently back and forth, smacking the water and grass with his huge snout, stimulating the challenge of battle, as if to say, “The arena is open, come on, let’s do this.” It worked. Suddenly, another enormous American alligator came crashing out of the brush in front of us with its jaws agape, hissing loudly. This was something I never expected to reencounter. Terrified, I bellowed, “Good Lord!” 
As both gators counter-circled each other, I could immediately tell by normal standards it was another record-breaking sized gator, though five to six feet shorter than Claude. It was light in color, slimmer, more contoured, and at least five-hundred pounds lighter—with a very wicked disposition. 
It seemed to respect Claude as an alpha of alligators. Nonetheless it also must have sensed I was a meal that Claude was not particularly interested in, so I must have appeared to be fair game. It lunged again, this time in an attempt to move past Claude, making its intentions known. Claude, thankfully, would not permit it. As a warning gesture, he quickly snapped his jaws with a gunshot crack right in front of the new combatant, halting his advance. It didn’t deter him for long. Amazingly, “Slim,” as I had mentally dubbed him, shifted and quickly countered two snaps of his jaws, twice missing. At the same time, Claude took evasive action in coming about to keep himself between me and the aggressor, returning two more snapping cracks of his massive jaws, which sent the provoker backward in a brief retreat. My head was spinning with the deja vu of my first encounter with Claude.
Then with an amazing burst of speed, Slim lunged forward and upward in attack. Everything seemed to go into a slow motion catastrophe and my thoughts raced. If Claude didn’t move back, Slim would end up just past Claude’s point of defense and probably make good on nailing me. However, if Claude did move back, it would put Slim at a possible advantage that would more than likely hurt Claude. 
My uncontrolled instinct was to react in a manner of assault by foolishly stepping forward in a start-off run with my arms stretched outward as if I could do something, however improbable.
Then somewhere in the slow motion background of noise, I faintly remember hearing “E-ZEERF! Teg kcab - yats-tup!” In the corner of my eye I saw Tibby with both his arms stretched out. Claude and Slim were instantly immobilized and Slim was reversed and hauled back into the classic, boggy seated position—the same way Claude was after Tibby intervened in my behalf during our first harrowing encounter. 
During my attempted, futile gesture of defense, I had inadvertently caught my foot in a clump of grass and almost fell face first before catching myself at arm’s length. Tibby rushed over to me, saying, “Ooo, konk-tu. Are you hurt any way, Toby?” He was patting me tenderly on my back, checking me over and offering his concerns. 
“Naw, I’m all right, just slightly winded.” I gestured in the direction of Slim and smiled. “For a minute though, I thought I was gonna be dinner for this guy here.”
Tibby Looked at Slim with a quick, premeditated inspection and merely said, “Ooh.”
“I’m sure glad you showed up when you did, because I don’t know what would have happened here. Not just to me but to Claude too.”
With emphasis, Tibby immediately said, “Claudie would have won.” 
“Yeah, but what about getting hurt?” 
Tibby shook his head with assurance. “Mmm, just bites and scratches only. He could have killed the other alligator, very, very easy … to protect you.” He pointed at me. “But, I stop it … for Claudie.” Then he reached over and patted Claude with reward.
I sat there thoroughly confused over this information, sensing that there was additional criterion that had not yet been disclosed. Though I wouldn’t have wanted to have been killed, neither would I have wanted Claude to be hurt or have him hurt or kill this other gator, either. To that point, I had to ask, “You stopped it for Claudie? So how does this help him if it was certain he would have won? I don’t understand.”
“Here, I show you.”
Before I could say or do anything, and in the moment it took me to regain my footing and stand up, Tibby had signaled his hands into his mysterious twin “V” gesture with his fingers and did this little beehive “buzzing” thing that he does and aimed them at Slim and Claude. 
Slim was instantly overtaken as his eyes rolled upward into a dopey looking gawk and a strangely new disposition and behavior—composed, but distinctly unlike that of the one Tibby had given to Claude. 
Then Tibby gestured his hands at both gators and said, “Ee-sa-eler.” He looked at Claude and told him, “E-tam” while pointing at Slim. Claude stared in bewilderment as Slim blinked several times and eased over to his side with what appeared to be a temperament of affection, all the while sporting his dopey grin. But it was the batting of the eyes that was conspicuously intense. 
Just about when I thought I had seen it all, Slim concluded his advance by giving a big gator smooch right on the side of Claude’s mouth. I was stunned. “What the heck?” 
Instantly, Claude became totally mesmerized and completely twitterpated. Tibby, grinning from ear to ear with immeasurable satisfaction, looked at me to catch my attention. Then he gestured his head, indicating surreptitiously at Slim, leaned over to me with a cupped hand and whispered, “This is Gracie.”
I almost collapsed as my mind was racing and backtracking over the information I had visually collected. “Gracie?” I blurted. “He’s … he’s a she?” 
“Yup-yup,” Tibby gleefully replied.
“Gracie” meanwhile had snuggled over closer and wrapped her muscled gator arms around Claude’s massive neck, as much as she was capable, kissed him on the side of the mouth again, and then nuzzled him on the underneath side of his head with the top of her own, making her passionate affections abundantly clear.
Tibby whispered, “They’re negotiating right now.” Then, with his unexplainable magical vocal and musical talents, he immediately produced a sweet violin serenade introduction, rendering a precise sampling of Etta James’ epic song, “At Last.” What a sight to behold.
We both watched Claude and Gracie from behind as they turned and walked off together with their tails lifted high in the air, intertwined in a heart shaped silhouette harmony of alligator amore. Still somewhat perplexed over the whole thing, I watched them slowly pace away into the Everglade, side by side in a dual gator gait with their heads tilted inward, touching one another with a ceremonial nuptial. 
Still partially stunned over it all, I muttered to myself, “Gracie?” as Tibby faded the song to a close. Once again, quite pleased with himself over his intercession and resolve, Tibby held both his palms tucked together under his chin, let out a big sigh, and wagged his head slowly as he watched. “Our big Claudie … he’s allll ‘growed up’ now.” 
Thoroughly rattled, I drew back in bewilderment as I looked at Tibby. I was speechless, dumbfounded, and a little aggravated. Finally becoming somewhat composed enough to speak, I said, “Tibby, did you know that gator was going to be here in this place?” 
He shook his head once. “Nope.” 
“Did you know it was a female?”
He shook his head twice. “Nope-nope.” 
“Did you make her and Claude attracted to one another?”
He shook his head three times. “Nope-nope-nope.” 
My thoughts were still confounded. “But I saw and heard you do your little buzz thing. So what exactly did that do to them?”
Tibby twisted his mouth and rolled his eyes, searching for the right words. “Mmm … it is a passive behavior modification.”
Gawking and blinking, I was flabbergasted with this new disclosure. “Really? Huh, now that’s pretty cool. And instantly, they show a genuine personality absent of natural aggressive and survival instincts?”
“Yes-yes, that’s it,” Tibby replied with pleased affirmation.
Suddenly, I became worried with a heightened state of concern for myself. Carefully emphasizing every word, I hesitatingly asked, “Um, have you ever done something like that to me?”
Tibby shook his head and giggled, “Nooo, no-no-no, not to you … silly Toby, ‘Trix are for kids.”
Hoping that meant what I thought it was supposed to mean, I sighed with relief knowing I apparently hadn’t received any of Tibby’s “special modifications.” Even though there is any number of unique traits, talents, or abilities that I would love to obtain, this, however, would go against my own principles of natural interference. The issue of benefits to character and aptitude and the contradiction to the same in my life will simply have to take their natural and meritorious course just like everyone else’s. But as far as Claude and this new gator mate named Gracie were concerned, I never know for sure if things such as this are totally and completely spontaneous, or if somehow they’re calculated, even in part. At any rate, I decided not to react any further to the situation and let it play out on its own and make as much adjustment as I was capable on the final outcome, whatever and whenever that was going to be. 
Because of his timing, I asked, “Tibby, what’d you do, get to the meeting place way ahead of me and get tired of waiting then decided to track me back here?”
He widened his eyes with amazement over what he thought was pure clairvoyance. “Ooh, how did you know?”
“Well, just call it a lucky guess.”
“Yes, that was a very lucky guess, because it is exactly right, Toby, very good.”
I shook my head in a weary, burdened manner over his exaggerated but genuine tribute. Shifting the topic back to the business at hand, I eagerly asked, “Well, how ‘bout it, were you able to detect the baby white manatee anywhere for me?”
“No, Toby. He was not in any of the inlets I scanned. I’m very sorry.”
“Well, I was afraid of that.” Alhough I had tried to prepare myself for the answer, I still couldn’t help but feel dejected.
“But if you will take out your map, I will show you all the other ones I did see and are where.”
“Sure, that sounds like a good idea, lil’ buddy. We’ll see how well your bearings are.”
Tibby beamed proudly. “I don’t have bearings, but I got all my marbles.” 
I snickered over his jumbled metaphor and rubbed his head affectionately. 
Come to find out, after plotting the references on the map, it was evident that Tibby had superb bearings. He was very accurate and helped to add four obscure inlets that were not previously charted, one of which had a pod of six manatees.
“That’s quite excellent, Tibby.” I patted him during my verbal praising. “Do you realize I may have hiked out here dozens of times and never have found these four inlets? That’s a great job, and I appreciate it.”
He swayed his head back and forth, beaming with delight. “Thank you, Toby.”
Absorbed with my charting and recording of these newly discovered locations onto the map, I started thinking out loud. “You know, according to this—” I spoke intermittently as I flipped the pages back and forth to other map references. “Lemme see here—” I unfolded and connected two of the pages together. “We can definitely hike to these two, but this pair of new inlets appear to be more easily accessed by johnboat from the larger, main channel, which also serves to be our property line … and down that far at the southeast bend—” I retrieved and laid out yet a third map page on the bottom of the first two. “That is right next to …” My talk slowed and my voice got softer as I came to the reality of the location and identity. I stopped everything I was doing and looked up, captured with uneasy thoughts. It suddenly became clear why I never knew about any of these new inlets. It was because I’d never allowed myself to come near this area. Still gazing out of focus, I whispered something I hadn’t said in many years: “Beggar’s Swamp.”
Tibby was only paying partial attention. He had grown disinterested and stepped away to occupy himself by taunting a small lubber grasshopper that was making its way up and down a cypress knee. However, he must have taken some notice, because he glanced up at me and quickly focused his ears, making a discrete observation when I whispered.
Coming back to full awareness, I snapped out of it and hurriedly reorganized and folded the maps and put them back in the haversack. Making a quick location check, I got a fix on my direction and soberly said, “All right, Tibby, I uh, I think it’s time we headed back to the lab.”
“Okey-dokey, Toby.” He must have known I was disturbed because he didn’t make any comment concerning my sedate disposition and kept unusually quiet all the way back to the lab. Upon our arrival, Sam obviously heard Poopsy announcing our return with his alarm and stepped out onto the porch of the lab, holding the door open for us before we had gotten to the steps. She glanced at her watch. “Hey, you guys are back kind of early aren’t you?” With astute observance she looked past us and quickly added, “Where’s Claude?”
As Tibby walked up the steps past Sam, he proudly announced, “Claudie has a new girlfriend, and her name is Gracie.”
Rattled by the statement, Sam looked at me and raised a hand in the air for some kind of clarification when I walked past. I tossed my big pack on the floor and my haversack onto a table and flopped myself down in a chair to rest. “Yup, I guess he’s right.” Tibby and I then told her the whole story, with all the pertinent facts of this morning’s lively outing. 
“Yup … she’s a record-breaking size in her own right, although I’ve estimated almost six feet shorter and about five-hundred pounds lighter than Claude, and Tibby’s named her Gracie. So I guess, between Tibby’s interventions …” I glanced at the large calendar on the wall, “and particularly due to the season—and based upon the evidence of their behavior—she and Claude are probably on a honeymoon. I’m sure he’ll be occupied for a while.”
Sam was marveled by the idea. “My goodness, another big gator, and a female too, isn’t that something? Well, all I can say is, good for Claude.”
Tibby jumped up and onto a stool that was pulled close to a small desk. “Yup, goodie-goodie for Claudie.” Then he occupied himself with drawing and coloring on some paper.
Sam and I talked more about the outing while I helped her log the information from my collection of samples. While she finished that, I pulled out the field maps to confirm the new references and began to transfer and highlight the new inlets on the large wall map. Her powers of observation kicked in when she stepped over and picked up one of the newly sketched field maps and asked, “What about these two?” 
I hesitated without any hint of a response. It didn’t do me any good, of course. She repeated, “Toby, what about these two? According to your notes there are four new inlets here—two and two, one of which has six new manatees in it … am I reading this right?”
Remaining mentally distracted and mute, I continued to blankly stare at the wall map with thoughts and memories that extended back to childhood. 
In an attempt to salve the dilemma, Tibby spoke up. “Yup-yup. You are right Sammy, but that is Beggar’s Swamp.” 
“Beggar’s Swamp? Toby, what’s Beggar’s Swamp?”
Tibby never took his attention from his drawing, just echoed, “Yeah, Toby, what is Beggar’s Swamp?”
Finally coming to my senses, and alerted to my obvious and deliberate detachment to them, I responded with a succinct statement of closure in hopes of terminating the issue. “It’s just a very unsafe area that has always been sort of … off limits, that’s all.” I continued my work.
Still focused with his activity, Tibby interjected, “There is a swamp licky out there, ‘cause I heard him, and I think he’s hurt.”
Due to my in-field initiation of that fantasy, I responded to Tibby’s ignorance in a slightly sarcastic retort. “Oh Tibby, you don’t know diddly-squat.”
Without interruption, and never losing his mood or removing his attention to his drawing, and with all the confidence and sureness that was seemingly required, he said, “Nope. But I know fiddly-stix.” 
Sam and I both got a laugh over that spontaneous similarity of jargon, and we commented over the likelihood of no one but Tibby coming up with a connection like that. It seemed to be the perfect anesthetic that calmed my nerves and sooth the tension I had let generate. It cleared the air somewhat.
But tagging onto Tibby’s comment, Sam persistently asked, “OK, what in the world is a swamp licky, and what is Beggar’s Swamp, and why is it off limits?”
Glancing over to Tibby, I said, “Go ahead, tell Sam—what’s a swamp licky?”
Tibby stopped what he was doing and widened his eyes beyond natural limits at Sam as he straightened up in a serious, spellbound presentation. “Oooh, Sammy, they are scary goblin-like swamp creatures that come out at night and would nab you and take you back to their underground tunnels and mud caves … and do you know what for?”
Sam briefly looked at me and I gave her a little wink before she turned her attention back to Tibby. Playing into his drama with exaggerated, whispered mysticism, she leaned over dotingly and asked, “No, what for?”
Tibby lunged forward at her with his hands and arms raised in an attack position and hollered, “They eat you!”
Caught completely off guard, Sam jumped significantly. I tried not to laugh out loud. She was scowling as if she was the victim of a planned prank, but she let it slide. “Well, we’ll just have to be on the lookout for them, won’t we?”
“Yup-yup, we sure will have to.” Tibby turned and settled back to his drawing and coloring, then shook his head no and openly confirmed, “Nope, there’s no camping in that swamp for me, sister.”
It was a hilarious follow-up, to be sure. A perfect closure to a subject I did not want to broach—if I could keep from it, that is.
<><><> CHAPTER 5 <><><>
The Story of Beggar’s Swamp
JUST AS I HAD HOPED, Tibby’s little story defining the swamp licky fortunately did distract and satisfy Sam enough to settle back into a normal work routine. Leastways so I could finish charting my new information on the wall map. Then I recalled a comment Tibby had mentioned earlier that caught my attention.
“Tibby.”
“Yes, Toby.”
“What did you mean earlier when you said you ‘heard a swamp licky’ and you ‘think he’s hurt’?”
Never taking his attention away from his drawing, he confidently responded with, “Yup-yup, I surely did, and he must be a big one too.”
This intriguing information stirred my interest. I stopped what I was doing and walked next to Tibby, grabbed an adjacent work table, and pulled it over directly against the wall under the map. Sam stopped her data entry with joint curiosity, rolled back and spun her chair part way around to see what I was doing. Turning back to the large map on the wall, I tapped the table top and gestured to Tibby. “OK, jump up here, lil’ buddy, and show me on the map where you were when you heard this thing.”
He stood up in his chair and sprang through the air onto the table without disturbing a single item left setting on it. He narrowed his eyes slightly and oddly began to softly hum the Oscar Meyer Wiener song while visually searching and moving his interest nearer and nearer to the lower right edge of the map. Then he instantly chinged out his claws, jumped onto the wall to the right of the map and walked over to point out a specific location. I never cease to be amazed by his ability to walk a wall or ceiling without falling, or how his claws instantly appear with a chinging sound whenever he needs them.
“There. I was right there when I heard the swamp licky.” He turned his head to look at me briefly then looked back to where he was pointing and tapped the map. “Yup-yup.” He was pointing between the two pairs of new inlets, the one pair more easily accessed by johnboat, just beyond the other two with the inlet of six manatees he had found. This sound he detected was coming from a direction further over the property line, and it was in Beggar’s Swamp.
I paced slowly, meditating as I pulled Tibby’s chair to that table where he was standing on the wall. “OK, thank you buddy, you can get down.” Fetching a chair for myself, I sat down and asked, “So, explain to me what it is that makes you think it’s hurt and that it’s big?”
“I think it is because of its noise.” 
“You mean its sound?” 
“Yup-yup, that’s it, its sound,” He nodded.
I pondered over this briefly. “Well, what does that mean, Tibby?”
“I heard it moaning and howling very long, like it’s hurt. And the moaning was a low sound, like only a bigger creature could do.”
“Are you talking about frequency? Like some kind of vocal output to size ratio?”
“Yes-yes, that’s it. Vocal and acoustic signals and their frequency fluctuate depending on an animal’s size. Crickets vary between 3.6 and 8.2 kilohertz, teeny-teeny-tiny … chirp-chirp; elephants communicate between 12 and 13 hertz, big-big … rumble-rumble-grumble.” Tibby offered a variable vocal pitch, helping to punctuate his two comparisons.
“OK, I think I get what you’re saying now.” I continued to hold onto my reservations, trying to decide if there was any formula for identifying an animal’s size based upon an auditory range of frequency with any accuracy. If nothing else, this could still be something totally unique to Tibby, like so many of his other inimitable abilities. Curious for more information, I asked him if he happened to get close enough to get a look at it.
“No way! I’m not getting anywhere near that place by myself.” 
Knowing of the psycho and physic-kinetic powers Tibby was truly capable of, I had to hide my amusement over his reaction. Yet his child-like response was an interesting point to consider. It was curious and encouraging to make witness of this particular detail, because Tibby obviously has to know what his abilities are, and the fact that he would demonstrate any fear or caution under any given situation could mean only one thing—that his powers are apparently not initiated by aggression, but strictly as a defensive and protective mechanism, much like the sting of a bee.
I substantiated this deduction while rubbing my chest and having flashbacks of the devastating effects of Tibby’s potent concussion delivery exhibitions I had sustained during our initial introduction. However, I came to learn later on that this particular event was actually a lenient demonstration that pales in comparison to a much greater capability.
Turning my attention back to the map, I finished adding the final details and decided to disclose my findings. “This additional information corresponds to the locations of those four previously uncharted inlets and pools of grazing manatees that Tibby discovered when he heard the strange moaning sounds, which were coming from the direction of Beggar’s Swamp.” 
I turned and tapped the map at the mysterious location with captive thought. Sam, with unfailing determination, was not about to lay the topic to rest, and repeated her query, turning to me with serious notion. “Come on, Toby. Now it’s still your turn. What’s Beggar’s Swamp?”
“Pleeease, Toby,” Tibby interjected pleadingly. “You have to tell us.”
I sighed with surrender. “I can see that the two of you are not going to leave this alone, are you?” Somewhat irked with his untimely disclosure of the subject, I said, “Thanks a lot, Tibby, for bringing this up.”
“Oh, you are much welcome, Toby.” 
It’s no wonder I can hardly ever get mad at him. Heaving another sign of resignation, I sat down and with preliminary reluctance proceeded to tell them the story about Beggar’s Swamp.
“Even though I’ve lived here all my life and I like to think I’m top notch in my profession, that doesn’t mean I know everything there is to know about the Florida Everglades or the wildlife in it and its conservation, for that matter. After all, Tibby here will forever be my prime example of that fact, even if he is a supernatural one.” Glowing with gratitude, Tibby shifted back and forth in his chair with raised expectation. 
“Now, there are some natural dangers and things and places which still exist that folks know of, but more importantly, know how to avoid. There are a lot of weird, mysterious, and unexplainable things that have gone on in the swamp over these many years and generations. Things that I grew up hearing about from the adults around me, who I swear must have been worse than the kids. From year to year, there was always some topic of mystery and danger circulating within the township. For example, a skunk ape—swamp people’s version of a big foot. Plus killer cougars, killer black panthers, giant gators—now, two for sure, which have come to be a reality in my life. Then there were giant anacondas, pythons, and boa, and the stories of them eating people, which are perhaps plausible, except of course for the exaggerated claims of size and appetite. Some of the more outlandish stories were of extraterrestrial sightings. But come to find out, these sightings weren’t any more out of keeping than what the whole nation was seeing during the mid-late sixties and most all of the seventies. I can only imagine what they would have done if they had ever come across someone like Tibby during that period, or even now for that matter. When I think about certain people, it probably would have served them right.” Sam and Tibby both smiled over the pun of that thought.
“Nevertheless, all of these peculiarities considered, how do you explain the reality of circumstance to people who are so determined to believe in such goofy things and to believe it in their own goofy way, no matter what? The answer is, you can’t. Beggar’s Swamp isn’t anything like what the average person would imagine or determine upon hearing the name. It doesn’t have anything to do with reprobate and recluse individuals on the outer rim of society who scrounge and slum about, coming out after dark and creeping through the swampland, going through people’s garbage and trash and, as some used to say, ‘stealing anything that isn’t nailed down.’
“Actually, it is a particularly dangerous concentrated section of swampland and hammocks owned by one of the oldest families of that name, the Beggar’s. Mysteriously and oddly enough, this section of swamp is very heavily overgrown. There’s almost a full canopy of trees, vines, and swamp moss that keeps it dark and damp all the time—that’s what a tropical hammock is. Some have even said that the air in that part of the swamp is poisonous. I’m sure it’s only the extremely moldy, fetid swamp conditions likely causing the high content of carbon monoxide and swamp gas, which is basically methane, and produced in many stagnant swampy, miasma conditions. So therefore, people say ‘the air is poisoned.’ 
“Many of the connecting waterways are very narrow and shallow and usually change with every big rain. It has the worst mud traps anywhere in these parts. A mud trap or sucker mud is a local expression for the more common and similar term, quicksand. You can be walking along and your next step can be on a piece of floating ground that gives way or splits open under your weight and drops you into a thick, sticky, muddy slime all the way down over your head, and the ground that gave way will flip or shift itself back on top, trapping you underneath. You can’t climb or push up through it ‘cause it’s too heavy. You can’t move it in any direction. You can’t swim because it’s viscous earth—the more you struggle, the more your feet and legs become embedded into a thicker, deeper, and sticker mud that seemingly sucks you down. My Dad warned me never to go into that section of swamp, even on a foolish dare. It wasn’t until many years later that I learned why. At that time there were two boys about twice my age who presumably died out there like that. The ground just swallowed them up and sucked them down and they suffocated in the mire. That’s how seriously dangerous it is.”
Sam held her hands over her mouth in shock. “Oh my heavens, that sounds so horrible. I can’t imagine something like that happening to someone around here. Did you know those boys?” 
“No, no, I didn’t. But it seems like I remember their families living on the far side of Whitewater. I was only seven or eight years old at the time. In the search to find them or some trace evidence, the sheriff’s deputies had to go out tracking for them with a team of bloodhounds that finally ended at the mud traps. The sheriff himself interrogated the closest resident, old man Beggar—Marion was his given name. He was a wild, scary looking man, hard and lean, scarred, weathered, and always dirty. Worst of all, he was nuts in the head, a real kook. Anyway, the sheriff asked if Marion or his only boy, Kaden, had heard or knew of anything, but apparently they didn’t. The sheriff determined that the Beggars had nothing to do with those boys disappearing. After investigation, the questioning, circumstance, and conditions seemed to prove that the Beggars had been at home all that day. There was enough evidence to verify they had been skinning the animals Marion had collected from his traps that same morning.”
Tibby frowned. “I don’t like that.”
“You don’t like what?” 
“I don’t like ‘traps and skinning.’ That’s not good—that’s not good at all.”
“I understand, lil’ buddy, I don’t blame you. I don’t like it either, but that was back in a time when people around here still did things like that to survive and make a living—it was still allowed.”
That fact didn’t seem to soften Tibby’s frame of mind at the moment, but I didn’t expect it to, either. Becoming more caught up in my story, I pulled my chair closer to a short cabinet to prop my feet on and leaned back to make myself more comfortable as I let my mind go back in time.
“I’ll always remember seeing old man Beggar for the first and only time in my life. I think I was eight years old. It was at Zeke’s, late … after hours. There was a big storm fixing to come in, and Dad had gone to the store just before closing time to make some roof repairs for Zeke and he took me with him. Mom said it would be good for me to go and that I might learn something, and I did. That was also when Zeke gave me my first employment. Back in those days, even the big city grocery stores still allowed smoking. Zeke and Ma had several of those thirty-inch tall cigarette ash and butt cans with the chrome pans on the top distributed around their whole store. Well, Zeke hired me to sift or change out and dump the clay cat litter in all the pans for a dollar each. I’ll never forget this ol’ character who was sitting on one of the stools at the counter while his wife shopped. He watched me as I sifted and separated the trash and used litter out of the urn that was next to him. He stared ponderingly, methodically chewing on his tobacco. I finally glanced up at him and he nodded his head at me one time. In a slow Southern twang he said, ‘Hey,’ which was our way of saying hello to one another. I nodded back politely and said ‘Hey’ in return. He never changed his manner of expression, but after I finished pouring the fresh litter into the pan, he finally said, ‘It takes a tall cat to use that, now don’t it?’” 
Sam and Tibby both laughed.
“Yeah, I laughed too over his country wit and said, ‘Yes sir, it surely does.’ We didn’t exchange any more words after that. When his wife finished her shopping, they both left. Now that I think of it, I never saw either of them again. 
“Anyway, come to find out, this happened to be the same night Marion Beggar came to get a few supplies and brought Kaden with him. The old man didn’t like people in general and kept to himself except to come in for supplies every two or three months, but strictly after closing time. Ma started that benefit back when Marion’s wife was still alive—her name was Sadie. The arrangement was strictly for her sake. Marion would pole their narrow skiff and make Sadie stay in the back and steer it with a homemade oar while he kept Kaden in a pile of rags and gill nets propped up in the middle of a large coil of rope and spring traps. He was left completely unattended while they poled and steered. Marion was a true sick-o.”
Ready for action and angry, Sam reared up. “Sure sounds like it. I’m sure it’s against the law to put a baby at risk like that.”
“Yeah, well, it was a situation you just had to understand, given the time period and the people involved. But I’m afraid it goes a lot deeper than that.”
Sam’s thick eyebrows lifted up. “Oh?”
“Yeah, all the womenfolk in the community of Whitewater had good reason to believe that Sadie was actually Marion’s younger sister, and that Kaden was a victim of incest. There were a lot of things that fell into place with that, because the Beggars all lived and stayed back in a part of the swamp where no one could get to them even if they tried. And Kaden was as odd behaving as he was looking. Marion always acted like he hated him something terrible and always treated him worse than a redheaded stepchild. Dad always told me, ‘You stay away from that boy … he ain’t right in the head.’ And then mother would always say, ‘Robert, for heaven’s sake, I wish you’d quit saying that.’ Just the same, I never forgot what my Dad told me, nor how he looked the way he did when he said it.”
Sam had a repulsed look on her face, “His sister? Ugh! That’s sick, just plain sick.” 
I agreed and continued with my story. “There was one thing I was always particularly impressed with: Marion always carried a beautiful Browning model 1885 45-70 caliber, single shot breechloader, big bore rifle on his back that he carried around with a homemade leather sling. Such was the case that night he showed up with Kaden staying in their skiff. Dad was still outside working on the back of the roof, finishing his repair job for Zeke, when Marion stepped through the propped open screen door. Zeke, Ma, and I all saw him at the same time. Like I said, he was scary and crazy looking and we all three were instantly startled and uneasy when we saw him. It was pretty frightening for me. 
“He didn’t say hello, he just stood there frowning at us one at a time, with a vicious, mean look on his face, like none of us had any right to be there. Finally, Zeke nodded his head in acknowledgment. ‘Evenin,’ Marion, how’ve ya been?’ His only response was to quickly stare back at Zeke. After pausing for a long time with no change of expression, he said in a heavily Southern and gravelly voice, ‘I’ll be needin’ me supplies and such.’ Zeke told him, ‘That’ll be just fine, Marion, come in and we’ll put it together for you.’ 
“All during that time I couldn’t help but stare at him. He looked like a wild man and smelled like a fish soaked in kerosene or something worse. Everything about him and his clothes were dirty. I mean nasty, scummy-filthy dirty. He wore a straw hat that was torn all around the brim. He had long, dark, thick and fuzzy matted hair that tufted out from underneath the hat and his thick, scraggly beard and mustache looked as if he had never shaved in his life. And his teeth—ugh! He was missing every other one, and what he had left looked like they were caked with old yellow Play-Doh mixed with coffee grounds.” 
Tibby drew his face up in revulsion, “Yellow? Eww, icky-ucky—Mr. potty mouth.” Knowing exactly what Tibby’s response stood for, I grinned in reply. “Yeah, that’s not far from the truth, actually. 
“Anyway, his boots were so worn they were cracked and split everywhere they were creased. And he wore them with no socks, which I found unbelievable. He had a heavily tobacco stained flannel plaid shirt with the sleeves chopped off unevenly at the forearms, and some old jeans held up with suspenders that were tied onto the belt loops with fishing net line. And there was the rifle with its stunning blue octagon barrel glistening in the light. All I know is that it was big and it was cleaner and newer looking than anything that man had to show for himself. I couldn’t help being bug-eyed, even back then this was something that seemed to be so out of keeping with society, who wouldn’t have stared? Besides, I was just a silly kid. I couldn’t help it. I didn’t know any better. 
“I can remember how he growled and grumbled a very short list of needs to Ma, who wrote it down on a ticket and totaled up as Zeke walked about the store filling the order. Marion would look over from time to time with a mean, ugly expression, scowling harder at me each time. I guess he must have taken it personal because he stepped over in front of me to block the exit as I started to go outside to be with my Dad. ‘Jus what are yew starin’ at boy?’ he asked. At the same time he reached out and firmly grabbed and squeezed my left shoulder, shoving me back and forth roughly—it really hurt. Before anything could be said or done by anyone in the room, Marion’s grip was violently jerked off of me and he suddenly went flying backward with such a tremendous force that his feet left the ground as he reeled through the air. Then my mind focused finally to see … my Dad. I’ll never forget the look on my father’s face. I had never seen anything like it before, or after. It was a combination of rage, power, and authority all rolled into one. He looked like something that rose right up out of hell. It kind of scared me too, ‘cause I’d never seen it before. What seemed at variance about it was the control and focus of his aggressive behavior. I don’t know how to explain it exactly. Everything that happened was quick, in a blur, but systematic, all very … calculated.”
Now caught up in the drama of the story, Sam said, “It was good enough for the jerk. Good grief, you were just a little kid, for crying out loud. Boy, what a creep that guy was.”
Feeling the need to add his support, Tibby chimed in too. “Yeah, whatta cweep.”
“Yeah, well, that’s how everyone else saw it too. As a result, Marion ended up clear across the room on his back, lying on the floor in a crumpled heap against the wall. Dazed and fuming, he shook his head and was cursing as he slowly got up. He adjusted his hat and started to reach his right hand across his chest towards the leather sling, acting like he was going to swing that rifle around. Dad rushed in on him and grabbed him again, locking onto Marion’s hand, his dirty nasty shirt, the rifle sling, and his suspender, all in one grasp of his massive, thick hand. Then he grabbed Marion by the arm with the other hand and squeezed him, lifting him slightly off the floor. Pulling him face-to-face, he said, ‘Now, Marion, don’t you even think about trying it. I’ll take that rifle away from you, bend it in half, and then I’ll do even worse to you. And you know I can do it.’ Dad was furious.”
“Woo-hoo!” Sam shouted. “Yes, about time. I’m so glad your dad was there. He must have been a hunk.”
Tibby grinned in response to Sam’s excitement over the justice I had disclosed and echoed, “Yes-yes, hoo-woo, he was a hunk.”
I smiled with gratification. “Yeah, he was, actually. Dad was a bodybuilder and lifted weights, so he was strong and muscular—a big man too, six-foot-four and two-hundred-fifty pounds. In fact I can remember mom saying how he looked every bit as stunning and handsome as the actor, Clint Walker.”
Sam eyes sparkled as she moved to the edge of her seat with excitement. “My goodness, then what happened, Toby?” 
“Well, when Marion tried to move his gun hand, Dad tightened his grip and Marion buckled and winced in agony. ‘Yew knocked me down —’ he said defensively, as if this gave him rights or excuses for justifying some kind of felonious retaliation. ‘You better believe I did,’ Dad retorted. ‘You put your hands on my boy and roughed him up, Marion, and I can’t have that.’ 
“Dad shook Marion just enough with each word he said to assert not only that he was in control, but also that he still had plenty of strength in reserve which he hadn’t begun to utilize. Marion tried to build a useless defense by saying, ‘But, he, he diz-respected me. An’, an’ —’ Then Dad leaned in close to Marion again, cutting his words off, and said, ‘No, he didn’t either, Marion. He was staring at you and you didn’t like it. I watched everything from the porch, outside that window, right there behind you. You’re mean, Marion. That’s all it is. You’re just plain mean. You don’t like anyone, and you made yourself an outcast for it. That’s no one’s fault but your own. But if you come in and around the rest of the swamp-folk in this community, you’re going to behave. You better keep your hands to yourself and keep a civil tongue in that unkempt mouth of yours or you’ll have me to deal with.’
“I remember how Marion’s eyes shifted then as he was apparently trying to analyze Dad’s choice of words, but he gave up, probably assuming it obviously wasn’t complimentary. Then he began to act furtively, shifting his eyes as if he was trying to calculate something contrary or slick. Dad jerked him back and forth a bit to serve as an attention getter. Clearly he was emphasizing that, like it or not, Marion had better take his advice and warning and be thankful he was going to get to leave that night in one piece. Dad was speaking then in a softer tone. ‘Do we understand one another, Marion?’ he asked. Marion dropped his head in shame and defeat, totally relaxed his whole body and half-nodded, reluctantly, I’m sure. Dad slowly let him go, but never turned his back to him as he stepped away, and he was careful to keep a constant eye on him all the time Marion paid for and gathered his order to carry out. 
“As he started to walk past us toward the door, Dad stepped close to the side of him with a stern look and leaned over to say something to him in private. Marion turned and looked at him, and I’ll never forget what he said then. ‘From now on, if I find any more of your spring traps or snares on my land down on the southeast bend, I’ll put both the sheriff and the game warden onto you, and you know that I know how to find you if I have to. I’ll give you three days to get them gathered up, but no more.’
“Marion’s eyes shifted back and forth nervously as he tried to avoid Dad’s glaring eyes. He nodded and said, ‘That’s right, I’ve known all about you doing that for more than three full seasons now. Contrary to your nature, and out of kindness, I went ahead and let you do it, only so you might make a little extra for you and your boy. I see now that was a mistake on my part.’ 
“Marion didn’t know what to say at that point because he was obviously ashamed and humiliated. I think he’d have rather gone blind than to admit the truth. However, all this made him mad, real mad, and Dad saw it on his face and must have read his mind. In a lower whispered tone, he spoke with his mouth right next to Marion’s dirty, nasty ear so I could barely hear it. ‘And Marion …’ Dad paused until he finally turned his head enough to make eye contact with him, ‘If you come around me or my family looking for any kind of payback, ever…’ and then in a blood-chilling whisper, Dad vowed, ‘I’ll make you disappear.’”
Sam’s jaw dropped and she put both hands over her mouth and gasped. “Oh, my Lord!”
Splaying his hands through the air like a puff of smoke, Tibby said, “Poof!”
I nodded with serious confirmation. “He sure did. Marion jerked his attention away from my Dad, but I do believe a little bit of life left his face at that instant, ‘cause he knew my Dad could lay out for him anytime he wanted. 
“At any rate, by this time, unaware that any of this had taken place, Kaden finally came into the store to help Marion carry their order of supplies down to their skiff. Now Kaden was big for his age and as grungy, nasty and stinkin’ as his dad. His hair was long and scraggy too, hanging down over his narrowed, slit-like eyes and distorted face—utterly freaky lookin’. He had a homemade corncob pipe clamped in his mouth and he was smoking something that smelled like burning socks. It was awful. They both walked out of the store carrying their modest purchase of goods in an arrogant, contemptible manner. It wasn’t difficult to see how Kaden’s personality had developed and where he had gotten it.”
Sam was curious about Kaden. “So what’s his story, Toby?” 
I shifted in my chair to find a more comfortable position as I continued my long story. “I best remember Kaden when he started school. This was about three years later, after all this other had occurred, round about when I started the sixth grade—I guess I was probably eleven. Marion is the one who kept him out up till then and wouldn’t let Sadie enroll him. So the school finally turned Marion and Sadie both in to the County for not sending Kaden to school and they got in trouble for it. The State threatened to take custody of him. By that time, Kaden was already fourteen years old, so the school had no choice but to put him in the sixth grade. But that was too much for him and he failed it. Then he failed the seventh grade, and before he could fail the eighth grade, Marion took him out of school because Kaden had turned eighteen.”
Sam had a bewildered look on her face. “You just have to wonder why people are like that, you know, why they would turn away from education. But as far as that incident with you and your dad at the store, don’t you agree that was all Marion’s fault? I sure think it was. I’m glad your dad put him in his place because Marion deserved it.”
“Well, we all believed that too. And even though during all the time this was happening, Zeke and Ma stood there without getting involved. I imagine the both of them were pretty shocked, and I guess they were just being careful about how to react. I remember Dad walked over to them later and apologized for the incident, worried that he would cause them to lose business, or worse, that Marion would retaliate against them in some way. But Zeke wouldn’t accept it and heartedly approved and justified Dad’s action. He thanked him more than once for being there and taking charge—setting an order of conduct that was necessary. It gave Marion something to remember. After all, Dad would not likely be there the next time he came in.” 
I chuckled to myself as I reminisced in thought. “I remember Ma saying, ‘The big ugly brute, man-handling Toby like that. He’s just a boy. Made me want to walk over and box Marion’s ears for him.’ That’s when Dad apologized for losing his temper like that and asked them to forgive him for it. Zeke told him not to fret himself, that Marion had walked in there with hell in his neck and didn’t like it ‘cause there was someone here when he arrived. ‘I could see it in his face,’ Zeke told Dad. ‘He was so mad he was ring-eyed and pot-gutted. Besides, he’s always lookin’ for a reason to fuss an’ stew about somethin’.
“Zeke went to great lengths then to tell Dad not to worry about this incident, that he’d done exactly what was necessary and is actions were justified. He was just grateful Dad had been there. That Ma, though … she sure didn’t make her feelings a secret. She had a habit of speaking loudly in a cawing voice and often shook a finger in the air when she was rebuking someone, and I remember hearing her repeat herself about how she would have boxed Marion’s ears. Zeke snorted an undetected laugh in front of my Dad and he grinned back a little and wagged his head over Ma’s harsh behavior. 
“Something else I remember … Zeke settled up with me for the chores I’d done while Dad went back out to get his tools gathered up for us to go, and then he leaned over to me and secretly asked if I’d ever been around that Kaden boy much. When I told him I hadn’t, he straightened back up, puffed out a big wisp of smoke from his pipe and said, ‘Good, you need to steer clear of that little zombie. He’s no good. He’ll try to hurt you if he can get the chance. Do you understand me?’
“I remember then, just like today. Zeke took his pipe out of his mouth and pointed the stem at me with emphasis, saying, ‘He’s nuts in the head!’ Ma loudly whispered a rebuke, and Zeke told her to hush as he continued to talk and point his pipe at me. ‘What I said now, do ya hear me?’ I assured him that I’d stay clear of Kaden and then told him that Dad had told me the same thing. Zeke sighed heavily then, as if he’d been relieved of a weighted burden. He patted me consolingly and said he felt much better knowing that.”
With insight, Sam exclaimed, “Well, sounds like Zeke knew some things for himself then, didn’t he?”
“Yeah, well when you’re around people all your life, you pick up on stuff. Of course, I knew all too well what it was that Zeke and my Dad had concerns over. Kaden was a psychopath—I’m talking certifiable.”
I paused momentarily, musing over another story that my last statement had brought to mind. I thought about it for a moment and decided to go ahead and share it.
“One day Kaden proved that point at school when he was caught jabbing out the eyes of all the goldfish in the classroom aquarium with an unfolded paperclip. He was watching them swim around bumping into everything, pointing and laughing like some kind of a nut. Boy I sure hated him for that. Like I said, he was a bona fide psycho. Behind his back we all called him Norman Bates. If he wasn’t doing something awful like that, he was being mean to the other kids in some way or another all the time. He was such a creep. Everyone despised him.” 
I paused momentarily in reflection. “I can remember, there for awhile, in seventh or eighth grade, I think it was … he was stealing kids’ lunches every day.”
Sam found this hard to believe. “Stealing lunches? Why on earth?”
“Cause he never brought a real lunch for himself. He’d bring a few boiled crawdads, or a piece of nasty, salt-cured fish, or maybe a boiled egg, and eat it before school. Later, he’d steal some unfortunate kid’s sandwich at lunchtime. We never knew who the victim was going to be. And none of us would tell on him because we were all terrorized by the fact that he was such a big, moronic goon who enjoyed hurting people. You’ve got to remember, he was nuts. Finally, I decided something had to be done about it. So, I did.”
Intrigued, Sam and Tibby both resituated themselves in their chairs, leaning forward with anticipation. 
“On the day of retribution, I got up early before my mom and Dad and made a beautiful picture perfect sandwich with lettuce, tomato, and cheese, a little mayo and extra mustard, with no meat—just yet. I packed it in with my lunch along with another apple, a little bag of chips, and an extra lunch bag folded up. 
“When I got to school, I quickly went into the biology lab and snuck into the supply room, opened a jar of these fifteen-inch long earthworms preserved in formaldehyde. They were supposed to be for us to dissect in a biology class project. I went ahead a little early and chose out a particularly plump one for Kaden to dissect with his teeth.”
Sam face registered her disgust at the thought of eating worms. Tibby widened his eyes with an ornery grin and said, “Mmm … nummy-worms.” 
I identified with their reaction. “Yeah, exactly. As quick as I could, I rushed my project to the boy’s bathroom located in the gym, because I knew no one was likely to walk in on me. Nobody used that bathroom unless they were in the locker room, and there was no morning gym class. This was important because I needed a little time to wash off this prize as much as possible to get rid of all traces of the formaldehyde. That was the reason for adding the extra mustard. 
“After disassembling the sandwich, I deftly coiled the worm in between the two layers of quality lettuce and tomato, making sure it didn’t protrude out past the lettuce. I put it all back together and made it look nice and appetizing, like something you’d see on a restaurant menu. I wrapped it back up and put it in the spare lunch bag with the apple and small bag of chips, for realism, then went on to my first class. When the lunch bell rang, I ran out at the tables as quick as I could and sat the bag on an empty, unpopular table all by itself, making sure nobody was watching. This was key—no witnesses. Then I hurried over two tables away and sat down at the further side to keep an eye on the baited trap. 
“Kids were starting to settle down at various tables, everybody was merrily chattering away, unsuspectingly. Those who forgot or didn’t know better went ahead and sat down and opened their lunches, and Kaden was already making his rounds, deciding whose lunch looked the best. It didn’t take long. He had already grabbed one kid’s lunchbox in route to the table area and took the cookies out of it before rudely throwing everything else back, scattering the remaining contents across a connecting table. That’s when he looked ahead and saw the lone, vulnerable lunch bag on the last table all by itself, glistening in the sunshine. He made a mad dash for it, drawing claim before anyone could respond. He flopped himself down and tore into it like a crazed vandal. When he saw that beautiful sandwich through the clear wrapping, he couldn’t get it undone fast enough to get three successive, hoggish bites engulfed and devoured. On the next big bite he took, he started to chew slower and savor it a little. Then he chewed slower, then slower … and that’s when it hit him. He stopped all movement and, with an odd expression on his weird distorted face, he shifted his slitted eyes back and forth as though he were trying to understand what exactly it was he thought he was enjoying. Still, stubborn and greedy, he couldn’t resist, and he went ahead and began to consume the last huge mouthful of the adulterated sandwich without surrender. Oh, Man, I couldn’t believe this boy’s determination. It just goes to show how aggressive some people can be to force their will and have their own way, and still believe that they’re right and justified. Well, such as it was here and now, that’s exactly what helped to get the best of him. With about a third of the sandwich left, he had determinedly shoved half of it into his mouth sideways and chomped it in two. That’s when a large, probably tougher, coil of the worm pulled out of the sandwich and drooped down slightly over his chin. He didn’t continue to chew when he stopped this time. Instead, he reached his free hand up to his chin and grabbed the dangling piece of worm and slowly pulled the chawed end of it out of his mouth and held it back into focus for inspection.”
Sam quickly raised a hand to cover her mouth, poorly concealing her slight gagging reflexive response. “Oh, oh—my Lord."
Elatedly caught up in the apex of my story, I continued. “Boy oh boy, it didn’t take Kaden long to figure out exactly what it was he had so greedily been stuffing into his chops, particularly for someone who fished as much as he did. He turned three shades of green if he turned one, and then he started heaving before he could turn around to spit the last mouthful out. That’s all it took. He jumped up from the lunch table, spun around and ineffectively clasped one of his dirty hands tightly over his mouth as vomit fiercely spewed through his fingers like a lawn sprinkler. It sprayed down the front of his already filthy shirt and overalls and everywhere else as he was running out of the lunch area. He must have puked till he had the dry heaves, and I don’t think he stopped running till he got home. 
“I tried as best as I could to keep my head down during the whole thing, but I couldn’t. It was just too good to miss. It didn’t matter. Everyone was looking at him anyway, so that made everybody guilty. When they felt certain he was far enough removed, all the kids laughed and clapped and cheered all at once. To this day, no one ever knew who to give the credit to for that special piece of genius.” 
Sam reveled over my finale. “That is too funny—gross, but funny. I can’t believe you did that. And you kept it secret all this time? I can’t believe you even thought it up, but I’m glad you did. It served him right. He deserved it.”
“Yup, he did deserve it,” I said with merging satisfaction, “and he never stole any more food after that, either.” 
“But, what about that crazy ol’ man, is he still around?” Sam asked.
“Marion? Naw, he’s gone. The only reason I know that is because I remember overhearing Zeke and Ma talking about it when I was in their store one day while I was home from college. Apparently he suffered a horrible seizure and died. Kaden came into the store and told Zeke and Ma about it in a casual and heartless manner before asking if they would contact the sheriff’s office for him. On the very same day, deputies and the coroner went out to their place to retrieve Marion’s body. Later on, the county coroner’s autopsy cited the cause of death as a severe stroke, likely from seizures caused by encephalitis. 
“With what we know today, Marion might have caught a rabies virus from a bite or from handling a rabid animal, or an arbovirus, which is transmitted from infected animals to humans through the bite of an infected tick, mosquito, or other blood-sucking insect. Lyme disease from a tick bite can even cause encephalitis. It could also have been a mosquito bite that was infected with West Nile virus. Although that disease wasn’t clinically diagnosed in the United States until 1999, people still died from it even though they didn’t know what it was they had been infected with. 
“Due to the fact no one in that family ever saw a doctor for anything and none of them ever had any vaccinations of any kind, they never built up any extra immunity properties. Dad told me it was likely that Marion probably thought he could tough it out like he had always done, but not this time. A strong, resilient, viral infection like that, combined with Marion’s age and condition, wouldn’t have given him much hope.”
Sam continued with her inquiry. “You have any idea whatever became of Kaden, or how he turned out?” 
“Nope, I never saw or heard any more about him. Dad never mentioned anything about the Beggar’s since that incident, even after we found out about Marion’s death. And I never asked. My interests were sort of removed from the community. I was pretty busy with school by that time in my life.”
In reflection over this bit of personal history, what did remain indelible in my mind were the things that related to all the aspects of danger where Beggar’s swamp was concerned. Nevertheless, I was going to get the answers to my questions concerning this moaning business that Tibby thought he heard out there, and that meant doing whatever it took.
<><><> CHAPTER 6 <><><>
The Copycat
AFTER MY STORY about Beggar’s swamp, it was evident that I was determined to explore Tibby’s newly detected phenomenon and I’m sure they both already knew this. However, Sam was too smart for my own good.
“So, you’re obviously going to want to get to the bottom of this ‘moaning swamp licky’ mystery aren’t you?” She never made any excuses for her candor. 
“I think that’s a foregone conclusion,” I said quite openly, “but certainly not this late in the day. I’ll make preparations for going out first thing tomorrow morning. Tibby and I can also check out that pair of inlets that we can easily hike to, and we’ll make additional observations from there.” 
She spun her chair back to her desk, ready to start preparing a written list. “Excellent. I’ll help you with your stuff momentarily. But this’ll give me the chance to bring the right kind of boots and hiking clothes, backpack—let me think—oh, also my binoculars, my other sunglasses, bug repellent, and my field kit too. There’ll be testing to do afterward, I’m sure—”
I stared, taken aback, and didn’t allow her to complete the list recital she had begun. “You’re going?”
“Certainly I’m going,” she quipped as she turned to look at me.
Resituated back at his desk with his drawing, Tibby was obviously happy about her decision. “Yea, that’s great, Sammy. We can have us a picnic.”
She looked at Tibby with excitement in her eyes. “Say, now that’s not a bad idea.”
Immediately I took on a pained expression and apprehensively whined, “Why?”
“Oh, Toby, really, do you ever listen to yourself? Now how ridiculous is that question? Or are you just deliberately trying to start another false debate to amuse yourself again at my expense?” 
Sam gave no regard to my concern and continued to move about briskly, gathering, organizing, and making initial necessary preparations and giving only slight attention to my expression. Now squatted down at the supply and storage cabinet, I remained frozen in place, blinking like an idiot, holding a pair of military hiking boots. I must have looked dopey as I tried but failed to come up with a response to what certainly was going to require more than one answer. Still, I felt if I paused long enough it wouldn’t matter, because I was going to get those answers in rapid succession. And I was right.
Sam nattered on with mounting intensity. “I mean, how could it not be so? Tibby detects a strange and bizarre sound mysteriously referred to as a ‘swamp licky’—whatever that is—which is coming from the direction of an ‘off limits’ location called ‘Beggar’s Swamp,’ named after this creepy family who sound like they would disembowel and play with your entrails just for the fun of it. And for obvious reasons, you have kept secret and remained cryptic about it all, up to now. 
“Now that you’ve documented two new inlets adjacent to this ‘psycho-swamp’—one of which has six new manatees in it that require multiple and various sample gathering—and since you won’t have Claude with you for added protection, and because Tibby himself has raised caution and hesitation, do you think I’m going to let you guys go this alone? Pfft … don’t be silly!”
Tibby nodded supportively. “That’s exactly what I was thinking—”
Sam turned and frowned at Tibby’s attempt to share credit in her drawn-out, technical expose.
Already knowing that I didn’t stand a chance in this debate, particularly considering Sam’s ending crescendo, and given the accuracy and sensibility of all her points made, I had mentally conceded before she had even reached her closing statement. 
With complete submission and innocence of expression on my face, I matter of factly replied, “No, no, not at all, I think it’s perfectly reasonable, because of all the things you mentioned.” Then I finished what I was doing before Sam’s tirade began—carried my boots and a few additional supplies out of the cabinet to start preparing and packing.
She must have contemplated and primed herself for a strong offensive to a verbal contest of wills. But she just stood there quite perplexed with her hands on her hips, frowning, taking a couple of deep breaths in cool-down mode. The fact that I’d disengaged myself from this battle appeared to have an obvious disarming effect she wasn’t prepared for. 
Finally, she stammered slightly. “Uh … good … good. Well, um … I’m glad you understand. Then the decision is made.”
“Absolutely—‘the decision is made.’ I think you’ve more than made your point, Sam.” I was being cautious with my sarcasm on this one.
I watched as she relaxed for just a moment, feeling rewarded and victorious. Then, while her guard was down, I seized the opportunity and with a straight face sarcastically said, “Now, tell me … what exactly was that first thing again?” 
Instantly, her frown and furrowed brow returned, and she shouted, “What?” 
When she stepped over to face me directly, seething, once again prepared for the onslaught of verbal battle, I started snickering over her gullibility. And that’s when her spirit of virtual contempt helplessly gave way to a playful assault.
“Oh, you! You just aren’t happy unless you’re making some wisecrack, are you, Mr. snappy comeback—” She quickly closed the gap between us and was on me piggyback style. I let myself be taken to the floor as she was reaching around and tickling me into submission, biting playfully on my neck and right ear. “Come on Tibby, help me get Toby.”
That was all it took for Tibby to leap into the tickling assault against me. Amid his other curious abilities manifested thus far, I was yet again the victim of circumstance. Tibby just touched me with the tips of his fingers, making a sound much like the electric crackle of a police taser and having the exact same incapacitating effects, except without the pain. I was completely immobilized at each pulse with what seemed like a super amplified “tickling-taser.”
As he progressed, I laughed all the harder, unable to stop. But worse than that was his tickling over my kidneys. Oh my gosh—it nearly caused me to pee all over myself. He kept zapping me over and over, making me laugh uncontrollably, and I could barely catch my breath enough to whisper, Stop, I have to pee.” Finally able to take a larger breath, I hollered, “Stop it, stop it … stop it I say! You’re going to make me pee on myself.” Finally they let up, and I slowly rolled over onto my stomach.
With sadistic elation, Sam and Tibby laughed and laughed, both of them rolling on the floor, obviously satisfied over the results of their conjoined attack. I slowly crawled away on all fours, away from the scene to safety, still trying to catch my breath. After pulling myself up and bracing on a chair, I hobbled carefully to the bathroom before I had an accident. They even laughed and mocked me over that. Talk about mean.
After I came out, the room was silent as they had both stopped their hilarity and were staring at me, perhaps waiting for a violent reaction and scathing rebuke, or a retaliation of some kind. I sternly pointed and glared at them. “That—wasn’t—fair.” They hollered, they laughed, and they rolled on the floor all over again. “That’s all right … OK, fine … go ahead—have your fun. But I’ll get even with you two.” The warning seemed idle, as they obviously weren’t feeling any genuine threat at the moment.
Even as the victim of the situation, I could feel the stimulus of their reward in the air. It was difficult not to smile and also be a bit jealous about their satisfaction, because it was a good joke. Still, I stayed on guard and kept my distance from them until that mood passed. That tickling was like a forcible funny torture—it was hideous. 
On a more serious note and behavior, as much as could be done in our efforts to prepare for the next day was for the most part finally completed, so I stopped to relax for a bit. Sam sat back down and rolled her chair over to where Tibby was sitting at his coloring station. She began to pet him affectionately and musingly said to me, “You know Toby, from a certain perspective I don’t think it’s fair, keeping Tibby a secret and confined, in spite of his powers, when he’s so capable of reasoning and understanding on his own. I think he’s already proven that, don’t you?”
“Well, that’s only as far as we know,” I said with measured concern.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, Tibby definitely has defensive reactions that manifest from a purely natural reflex, and not necessarily that of calculated decision.”
“So?”
“So, that means it’s harder, if not impossible to control—it’s spontaneous.”
Sam seemed confused. It obviously stemmed from her lack of any “direct and personal” experience of Tibby’s additional peerless abilities. So I felt the best way for her to understand was to allow Tibby to offer a first-hand demonstration of precisely what I was talking about. Looking about the room, I saw a suitable prop on top of the storage cabinet. Stepping over, I reached up and retrieved an unexceptional, cheaply constructed trophy of a man running, a participation award I had been given for paying to run in a five-kilometer charity run. I methodically positioned it directly in front of my computer screen. Tibby, meanwhile, missed none of what was going on during his coloring. 
I backed up next to where Sam was sitting and, in military fashion, I sharply barked, “Sergeant!” 
“Sir!” Tibby barked back as he dropped his crayon and jumped to attention.
“Sniper detail,” I ordered.
“Sir, yes, sir!”
“Dispatch that terrorist.” I pointed to the trophy.
“Yes, Sir!” 
Immediately, Tibby stretched out his hands and bellowed, “E-RIF!” A tremendous sharp “crack” struck the center of the metal figure on the trophy, instantly vaporizing a hole right through the middle of it. Sam jumped, and her eyes were widened with shock and anxiety. 
I took her hand, guiding her out of her chair over to the site of impact. With a tuft of steamy, white smoke slowly wafting from the blast, I reached over and picked up the trophy carefully by its wooden base. As the cheap metal crackled while it cooled, I carefully handed it to her. She made a slow casual examination of the trophy, turning it over once or twice, and then leaned closer to the computer screen to examine the miraculous absence of any peripheral damage. “You see what I mean now?”
She nodded her head slowly in agreement and then slightly whispered, “Just like the mechanical monkey.”
“Yes, yes, that’s exactly right.”
Of course, what Sam referenced was an incident before the fact, through an induced visionary recall we both received from Tibby, which he calls “D-nim E-gami.” This, above all, was the most amazing of his paranormal talents through which Sam made witness of the first occurrence and demonstration of Tibby’s explosive kinetic abilities. I had retrieved a hideous, battery operated toy out of storage called Charlie Chimp, and thought it would be funny to startle him with its psychotic antics. My joke backfired, quite literally, when Tibby obliterated it with a similar, but much more potent blast than this one just performed on the trophy.
Sam slowly exclaimed, “It is a whole lot different when you witness it in real life, isn’t it?” 
“Yes, it certainly is. But that’s what I’m talking about. Tibby’s spontaneous response and reflex is … is just like a bee sting.”
Tibby instantly responded with a Muhammad Ali vocal imitation, saying, “Move like a butterfly, sting like a bee.”
Sam however, would not lay things to rest, shaking her finger with a point of order gesture, and saying, “Yeah, but along with Tibby’s compulsive behavior, he’s always adhered to any rules once you’ve standardized them, hasn’t he?”
“Yeah, I like to think so. Provided there’s either a specific catalyst for him to associate that discipline and restriction or, preferably, that I’m there close by to instruct and admonish him in time. But in a civil atmosphere, there’s always going to be that risk of spontaneity, and that’s always undetectable. I don’t know Sam—it all sounds too risky, if you ask me.” I then turned back to busy myself, initiating the afternoon clean-up routine to indicate the subject was terminated.
Then with the proverbial ah-ha experience splayed all over her face, Sam declared with excitement, “I’ve got it!” 
“Well, I hope we don’t catch it,” I said with sarcasm meant to misdirect her. 
“Seriously, Toby, listen to this—” I halfheartedly stopped and turned around with only feigned attention as she continued. “What if we helped Tibby select a known or unusual, even rare breed of cat for him to replicate? And, the rule being, absolutely no demonstration or exorcism of his powers while under that disguise. Wouldn’t that keep him a secret and eliminate the spontaneous reflex? At the same time, it could allow him to have a limited, controlled public exposure.” 
I became a little fascinated with the idea the more Sam explained the possibilities, but I tried not to show it at first. “I don’t know. You mean, since he has the talent for morphing 
into—” 
Sam interrupted, “Exactly. Like … like imitating that guy, that famous wrestler he just did, for example.”
“Muhammad Ali,” Tibby and I both announced together. And I added, “He was a boxer, not a wrestler.”
“Whatever.” Sam kept pressing her point. “But all those marvelous morphing talents Tibby has to choose from are limitless. He … why he could be anybody.”
“Not exactly anybody,” I corrected. “I think he would need to stay restricted as close to his own type or class as much as possible to embrace a genuine and natural, more undetectable character—a feline genus for example.” I had to admit that what Sam was presenting had a strong possibility of working, at least from a theoretical point of view.
Now on the edge of her seat, Sam watched me brooding as I stepped about the room, hoping for my approval. Then she threw an arm up in the air with desperation and added the deciding declaration. “What if we just tried it here first to give it a test run?”
Now curious to what the possibilities were, I agreed. “OK, we’ll give it a shot. Only on a trial basis, is that understood?” 
“Cool,” she said with jubilance. 
Tibby jumped up with enthusiasm. “Yea! I get to be a copycat.” 
Sam and I stopped and looked at one another and simultaneously said, “Copycat!”
“There’s our new name for this specific metamorphosis.”
“You’re right.”
Excited over the potentials of the experiment, my mind started to race over all the possibilities and I started putting together a plan. “Actually, this could be a little fun, you know it?”
“How so?”
I decided to show, rather than tell what I was thinking. “Well, let’s see together, shall we?” I stepped around to face Tibby and asked, “Tibby, what is an awesome cat you think you might want to copy?”
“Oh boy! Yes, I know, I know! I show you—here, lookie-lookie.”
As we had already anticipated, due to previous experiences, no sooner said than done Tibby’s body transformed into a whirling blur, in the exact spinning movements of an orbital electron configuration. With a “whoosh,” he instantly morphed into the identical characterization of none other than Garfield Arbuckle, the comic strip character created by Jim Davis.
To complete the characterization, Tibby spoke with the distinguishing monotone voice of Scott Beach. “Hi guys. How ‘bout a big piece of lasagna? Make that two for me while you’re at it.” 
After the initial shock of the presence of an actual live cartoon, Sam and I both were thoroughly elated. “That’s hilarious, Tibby.”
Sam was mesmerized. “That is so cool!” 
“But unfortunately, a true-to-life Garfield is not going to work.”
Still holding character, Tibby gave a loud harrumph. “Perfection never loses its favor. OK, how ‘bout this then.” He morphed again, whirling in a flash, and after a famous and histrionic laugh, he bellowed, “Righty-o!” Standing there with his hands on his hips and reared back true to character was Felix the Cat.
Sam and I were again pleased and impressed, and after our exchange of humor, I had to set Tibby straight. “No, lil’ buddy, I don’t think you understand yet.”
His Felix character said, “OK professor, how about this one—” Without pause he morphed into Sylvester the Cat.
Sam and I both said nope.
With an “aw shucks” gesture, he famously lisped, “Oh, ‘thsufferin’ thsuccotash!’ How about …”
And then it was Tom from Tom and Jerry, who pleasantly smiled and did a quick two-step, rolling his hands palm side up, gesticulating an approving result.
“Nope,” Sam and I said again.
Whoosh! Then with the perfect voice talents of Daws Butler, he exclaimed, “Heavens to Murgatroyd!” It was Snagglepuss.
Though very entertaining, we could only say, “Nope. Sorry.”
He raised his elbows and right leg into the air in a “take off” position, and said, “Exit, stage left …” 
Whoosh! In an instant, The Cat in the Hat appeared, who deftly snapped his fingers, pointed and jabbed the air once, leaned over uncomfortably close to both our faces and said with a sly wink, “Hey, chaos is great!”
“No! Definitely not,” we both hollered.
Then The Cat in the Hat character put his hands on both his hips, frowned and said, “Party-poopers …” just as he wisped away into another whirling blur to then produce the next character who coolly arrived in intro with the distinct opening piano chord and chime from the famously associated theme song to the same by Henry Mancini—“The Pink Panther.” He leaned on the table with one hand while undulating his eyebrows with aristocratic affirmation to his distinctive tune.
Sam and I both could see this was starting to become more and more out of control, “No!” we yelled.
Whoosh! At that moment, Tibby took us totally by surprise when he changed the category completely and temporarily morphed into a flawlessly replicated character of actor Jack Nicholson. Expressed with weighted fatigue and exasperation, he shook his head with a typecast sneer of perfection only Mr. Nicholson could provide and said, “Come on! Ya gotta work with me here a little, will ya?”
Both of us were so caught off guard that we were speechless.
Whoosh! Next was the exact character of Tony Montana, played by actor Al Pacino, who said in a heavy threatening Cuban accent, “OK, you wanna play rough? OK … say hello to my little friend …”
As Tibby’s improve progressed, I became concerned about the potentials of an unfavorable outcome. Pressing forward with caution, I said, “Uh, now Tibby, you’re starting to get a little outta control, lil’ buddy …” Before I could say another word, there was another “whoosh,” and now an ominous, dark, intimidating, black-caped, looming robotic figure of a man appeared, towering over us. He inhaled largely with a distinguished mechanical breath, raised his right arm and in a precautionary gesture pointed his black-gloved finger in our faces as he stepped forward threateningly. And with the deeply reverberated voice talents of actor James Earl Jones, he says, “I find your lack of faith disturbing. Perhaps you feel you’re being treated unfairly?”
Overtaken with shock by this foreboding presence, Sam responded first by immediately grabbing my arm as we together withdrew a step or two, both of us shaking our heads “no” in response to the question, finally fading back in total silence and submission from the authoritative figure and fearful aura that now filled the room. With fright and obvious concern, I softly whispered from the corner of my mouth, “Good grief, that’s Darth Vader.”
“Duh, you think?” Sam said as she pulled me in front of her as her shield—how typical.
“Lord Vader” moved closer to us and said with forewarning, “Good! It would be most unfortunate if I had to leave a garrison here.”
I perked up at that point, recognizing these threats as the character’s lines from the Star Wars saga. Before I could respond, he quickly turned, pointed his finger again, then raised his voice and said, “You have failed me for the last time, admiral!”
In a bold move and attempt to take back the initiative, I stepped forward, triggering Sam’s release of my arm. “All right, Tibby, time to knock it off. We’ve got to get down to serious business, or I’m going to call the whole thing off.”
After another long mechanical breath, the character lowered his hand, turned his back and stepped away, saying, “Apology accepted … Captain Needa.” Whoosh! Tibby returned back to his natural character, such as it is. Grinning with satisfaction, he said, “Okey-dokey, Toby. I sorry, I got carried away, huh?”
“Yeah, you got ‘carried away, huh’—you did, but we enjoyed it, up to a point there.”
“Thank you,” he chimed. But he was clearly puzzled. “So you don’t like all those cats?”
With a pained expression, I said, “No, no—it’s not that—”
“Why-cause?” 
“Oh, here we go again.” 
“Where? Where do we go?” Tibby exclaimed, looking from me to Sam, becoming more puzzled.
“Tibby, hush for a minute, please, let me explain. Yes, we like all of those characters, but no, none of them will do. Those feline characters are very lovable, but just as difficult, if not more so, to have to try to explain to people than your real character. There’s no such thing as a true-to-life cartoon. Do you know what I’m saying? Those are characters that exist only on TV or at the movies, like in comics. It’s fiction. Now do you understand?” 
Tibby dropped his head and slouched his shoulders, obviously feeling a little dejected. Sam lent her support by stepping over to pet and console him. “Tibby, the feline animal we need to choose has to be one that is natural in the eyes of people who will see you, and it has to make sense in relationship to the Florida Everglades. In other words, you have to be some kind of indigenous Florida cat. And, I’m afraid it’s just too complicated to consider you being an ordinary house cat either.”
“What’s ‘indigenous’?” he asked.
“That word means any and all kinds of life that originate here, or is unique only to here,” I explained. “Sam’s absolutely right. Our choices available are somewhat limited.”
Tibby received all of this information and reasoning with serious thought and understanding. Then quite happily, he said, “Okey-dokey, Toby. Are you ready for to see some choices?”
“No-no, just hold steady a minute.” I quickly halted Tibby, fearing another long drawn-out and undisciplined dramatic episode because we needed to initiate a managed and controlled, audible list from which we would make possible selections. “Let us put together a plan here. As I said, there are a limited number of indigenous feline choices to choose from. Let’s look some up on the computer first.”
Sam and I stepped together over to my work station with Tibby following closely on our heels. But Sam commandingly held me back with her left arm, stepping in front to take my seat. “Here, why don’t you dictate, and I’ll type the inquiries? It’ll be a whole lot quicker that way.”
I looked at Tibby with a can’t-believe-this vexed expression on my face, and he nodded in confirmation. “Sammy’s right, it will be better quicker.”
Outvoted, and feeling slightly demoted, I rolled my eyes in submission. “Yeah, OK. I suppose that would be better.” I honestly understood they were both right, and of course I was fine with that decision. “All right, Sam, let’s start with the Jaguarundi cat.”
“The what?” 
I spelled it out for her. “And be sure to add ‘Florida,’ or ‘sightings in Florida’ to keep it surveyed closer to our purpose.”
Always very efficient, she deftly clicked the name, commanding the keyboard like a high speed professional secretary. The first results popped up on the screen. “Oh my, would you look at that …” She was quickly typing and bringing more and more information to view. “I had no idea—how did you—” 
I interrupted to give her another search keyword. “Now open a window on the Carrabelle Cat too, and see what you get.” Tibby peeked around us at the screen, scanning the features and characteristics of each photo with unerring precision.
“Carrabelle Cat—” Sam whispered to herself as she keyed the information, scrolling and typing away with record speed. “Huh, look at that, a sighting way up there at the top of the gulf area. And it’s likely to be this same unusual breed of cat called the Jaguarundi—they are very unique aren’t they?”
Agreeing, I turned to Tibby and asked him politely, “Tibby, do you mind?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby” 
In announcer style, I introduced him as he morphed into form. Whoosh! “I present to you, the otter cat.” Tibby provided us with a perfect duplication. 
“Oh—” Sam cooed as she started petting Tibby, “He is so cool. My goodness, he does look like an otter too, doesn’t he?”
Together we read the specific information we had looked up—Felidae Herpailurus yaguarondi—better known as the Jaguarundi, more commonly referred to as the otter cat because of its obvious, otter-like characteristics. It is a small cat indigenous to South America and Central America, measuring fifty inches long from head to tail and weighing twenty pounds.
Sam resumed her previous line of thought. “Isn’t it a bit strange that they are here in Florida? What’s up with that, anyway?”
“Oh, absolutely. The most likely answer is probably animal smuggling, or an illegal pet ownership that turned into a forced or desperation release to avoid arrest and heavy fines. Nevertheless, they’re here, and from the information we can read online, they’re probably here to stay. Come to think of it … you’re right in that they are very unusual, and this draws additional, unwanted attention—the very thing we’re trying to avoid. So, let’s move on to the next option of feline species.”
Tibby morphed back to his natural character, beaming with pride over our praise and satisfaction with his miraculous supernatural talents as I gave him a quick wink of endorsement. “OK, Sam, let’s look up some information on the Florida Panther next.”
Her eyes were glistening as she typed. “This is so cool.” she murmured. With the final key strokes she opened four pages of detailed information and nomenclature. “Here we go.” 
“That’s it.” I said, pointing at the research findings. “Puma concolor coryi, the Florida Panther … Tibby, if you please.”
Whoosh! There sitting proudly before us was a magnificent specimen of the Florida State Animal. Tibby, with his ears laid back, let out with a very distinct growl and swatted at the air with one front paw, giving us a full demonstration. Undeterred, Sam jumped to her feet and grabbed the one-hundred-fifty-pound cat and gave it an affectionate, loving squeeze. “Oh, Toby, this is unbelievable. Just look at this guy. He is beautiful!” Like turning on a switch, her words prompted a gravelly purring from Tibby’s character, and the big cat nudged her hand to encourage additional and continual physical attention.
I moved closer to share in the personal contact and petted and stroked the awesome feline specimen. “Quite a special treat to have such an up-close and personal connection like this, isn’t it? It’s kind of a magic show-and-tell.”
Sam was exuberant. “It sure is. It’s great, it’s super.”
“All righty, Sam, let’s search out the next cat, please.”
“Aw, I like this one a lot,” she whined.
“Yeah, I know. But, you’ll like all of them, I’m afraid.”
She turned with a smile of agreement as she assumed her place back at the keyboard, prepared for the next entry of information.
Whoosh! Tibby morphed back and rubbed his belly. “Is it time for dinner yet?”
I was taken totally by surprise and responded like I’d been whacked upside the head. “Oh my gosh! We haven’t had any lunch, have we? For goodness sake. Sorry about that. I must have gotten caught up in my story telling after we got back early and lost track of time. I’m so sorry. I guess we’re going to have to wrap this up soon and start thinking about an early dinner. Sam, do you want to stay and eat dinner with us?”
“No, I better not … but thanks, I appreciate it. I need to go home and get my own stuff ready to go, remember? I’m going with you guys on your little excursion tomorrow.” 
Deliberately trying to get a reaction out of her, I said, “That was for real?” Her spirit flared just a little as she gave me a warning look. I chuckled, thus revealing my orneriness. She smiled back, letting it pass. With her hands still hovered over the keyboard, she gave full attention to the computer with anticipation. “OK, so what’s next?” 
“The Florida Bobcat,” I said. 
She entered the necessary information, bringing the best relevant facts to the screen. I moved in closer with inspection. Feeling silly, I gave an accent and persona of the British actor John Cleese, and said, “Ah—right!” Tibby gawked at me momentarily, trying to understand what that was all about. “Here we are, “Lynx rufus floridanus, as its current nomenclature still holds it. Tibby, how about a Bobcat, if you please?”
Whoosh! Tibby effortlessly labored to produce yet another stupendous specimen of Florida feline—a handsome Bobcat. He let out with a growling yowl, wailing in customary fashion. Sam was again taken with the fetching results and jumped up to make a close personal examination. She just has to touch every animal she encounters. “Gosh, he’s gorgeous too, isn’t he? Though I liked the panther a lot, I think this is the closest to Tibby’s character, don’t you, Toby?”
I looked on with admiration. “Oh yeah, he’s very stunning. And yes, you’re right, Sam. This breed does seem to have many corresponding features.”
She was accurate in her observations. The signature features detailing the black-tipped tufted ears, the sideburns or ruffs of extended hair beneath the ears, the bobbed-tail, the spotted markings and earthy blend of colors, and it probably weighed no more than thirty pounds. We marveled over, petted and stroked Tibby’s bobcat impersonation as he gave us a sample of its purring in a higher octave.
“There’s also a Melanistic Bobcat that is all black, but I’m thinking it’s going to be this specimen here. Either that, or a possible variation of some kind of a wildcat that we could get Tibby to generate, sporting some of his own features, so to speak, and try to classify it as a subspecies of a bobcat similar to this one.”
Sam made a keen observation. “To me, that would be as difficult to explain and would also draw the kind of attention we’re trying to avoid, kind of like the otter cat, wouldn’t it?” 
“Yeah … maybe you’re right. I got caught up in the moment and forgot about the necessity of anonymity. Got to stay on track here, don’t I?”
She glowed and socked me lightly on the arm. “That’s what I’m here for, big guy.” 
“Tibby, it looks like the ‘copycat’ is going to be this species of Bobcat. From now on, while you’re under this disguise, you can never show any signs of unnatural behavior. No psychokinetic blasts, no walking bipedal, certainly no walking anywhere but on the ground.”
“Okey-dokey, Toby.” 
I was immediately taken off guard hearing Tibby’s voice come out of this bobcat and it made me aware of a critical trait we had taken for granted. “Oh, and no talking either, since that’s probably the easiest way to slip up and lose your character in front of someone. You shouldn’t even act like you know what people are saying. So be careful to guard your reactions and responses around conversations. OK, go ahead and change back for me if you will.”
Whoosh! Tibby transformed back to himself.
I grinned over this entire scientifically bizarre situation, stepped over and hugged him with appreciation, just for being Tibby. “That was great buddy, you were awesome.”
We stayed our hunger pains for awhile with some power bars and bottled water and talked about the potentials of the copycat idea, sharing critical points needed to its success. The rest of the late afternoon maintained a status quo. Sam decided to head on home a little early to prepare her own things, as she mentioned. She hugged and kissed Tibby, then grabbed my chin, lifted my head slightly, and gave me a quick, subtle kiss, saying, “Bye professor sweetie,” as she turned and skipped off coquettishly, swishing that ponytail of hers with female enchantment.
Although I truly appreciated the kiss, I would have preferred one of the more, “longer, focused” types. But I understood, given the circumstances.
Hugging himself with delight, and swaying slightly side-to-side, Tibby teased me, saying, “Aww, kissy-kissy for professor sweetie.” 
I calmly but instructively told him to mind his manners as we watched Sam as she left. Afterward, we finished straightening the lab, getting some things back in order, and then decided to call it a day. Since we had missed lunch, we were all too ready for some dinner. We went on to the house, got cleaned up, and were in the kitchen sometime before five o’clock to explore the wonders of making a spaghetti dinner, an idea Tibby loved. Working together, we harmonized our kitchen talents. I began bustling about the kitchen, gathering the necessary cooking equipment and needed ingredients. What in the world did I do with that jar of sauce? I wondered as I started boiling the water. Tibby methodically chopped an onion with one of his razor sharp claws and recited “Ska-betti?”
Amused over his childish enunciation, I said, “Tsk—not ‘ska-betti’—it’s spaghetti … ‘spa,’ not ‘ska.’”
“You are very sure I will like ska-betti?” Tibby asked.
“Absolutely,” I assured him. “Everybody likes spaghetti—especially kids!”
By the time a tray of frozen prepared garlic bread had finished baking in the oven, the spaghetti was ready too, and we had our plates filled and sat ourselves down for dinner. It was an epicurean’s delight, even by my cooking standards. Tibby’s satisfaction and enthusiasm couldn’t have ranked any higher. But no wonder; we hadn’t eaten anything but a couple of power bars all day. Tibby slurped and slavered, and his noodles swirled in the air like an airplane propeller as he gobbled down another big bite. “Aah, yummy. I do like ska-betti!”
I leaned over, taking his table napkin to wipe his face. “Well, I’m glad, lil’ buddy. But don’t slurp the noodles into your mouth so fast or you’re going to flick the sauce into your eyes. And for goodness sake, don’t forget to use your napkin or you’re gonna need another bath.”
<><><> CHAPTER 7 <><><>
The Investigation Begins
MORNING CAME TOO EARLY and I felt the need for sleeping in, a rarity. Just the same, it was later than I had expected and there wasn’t time to fix any kind of breakfast. Besides, after last night’s huge dinner, Tibby and I both were left with little desire for anything more than coffee, especially considering we each had eaten two plates of “ska-betti.”
“Come on Tibby, we better get a move on, or Sam will beat us to the lab again before we can get our coffee made.” I continued to try to make up some time by frantically rushing about in the kitchen, putting away the items used for making some sandwiches for our lunch and pouring our coffee even before the brewing cycle was finished. I was banging, clanging about for a spoon, retrieving the sweetener and creamer, and making certain I had incorporated Tibby’s John Deere tractor cup to alleviate any contradictions of preference. Tibby watched me during all of this clumsy, lively activity with what must have seemed to him to be odd and entertaining. 
Actually, my manner of behavior was likely due to my subconscious ego. There are those of us members of the male gender, who wholly understand the little, subtle and undisclosed competitions and personal contests of achievement we have with the feminine opponent. We’re not about to accept the smug, victorious exclamation of “beatcha,” too many times in succession without a successful triumph and reinstatement to our rightful claim of manly leadership, command, and most important of all, first place. 
Tibby must have understood what was taking place due to my rushed behavior and shattered my determinations of achievement and imminent triumph with the cool comment, “Mmm, Sammy’s been here already, Toby.”
I stopped dead in my tracks and just blinked at him as I let his statement soak in and felt my conqueror’s image melting. “Are you kidding me?” I left everything as it was, grabbed our lunch and my coffee and said, “Come on get your coffee—let’s go!” 
Speeding out of the kitchen, I strode through the living room hunched over, trying to look out the window while I walked, and sure enough, Sam’s car was in the driveway, I bounded out the door in full step, shaking my head in disgust. Tibby was close behind, his short legs walking in a cautious double time, being careful not to spill a drop while annoyingly murmuring, “Mmm, ooh, yummy-yummy froffee,” 
Swelling with aggravation, I did some muttering and grumbling of my own. “She is something else … I don’t know how she does it—unbelievable.”
Apparently I had failed in any and all shallow attempts to adjust my attitude, let alone shed any appearance of my disgusted feelings by the time I walked through the door of the lab. Sam looked over at me from her work, smiled, batted her stunning, cosmopolitan eyes with superficial innocence, and coolly said, “Beatcha.”
I could have screamed. But I didn’t get a chance to because she smoothly stepped closer and gave me a casual and sweet, disarming kiss on my cheek before turning her attention back to her paperwork. “So, how did your spaghetti turn out last night?”
I didn’t hear a single word. I felt completely defenseless and immobilized. All time and sound froze. Stunned, unable to reorganize my thoughts and make any sensible connection to what just happened, I put our lunch on a nearby table and just stood there in a dither.
Tibby didn’t remain mute for long. “Ooh, Sammy, it was the best ska-betti I have ever eaten.”
“‘Ska-betti,’ huh? Does Toby make good ska-betti?”
“Yup-yup, you should have stayed,” he said as he made his way to his table and chair.
By this time I had slipped back into reality, as far as I knew. After stewing over my petty, competitive, macho issue, it certainly didn’t have the weight of necessary achievement as it did when I started over here from the house. I don’t know if what just occurred was somehow calculated or not, but if that’s a faint or mild example of the disarming power a woman can have over a man with just a simple, subtle kiss on the cheek, then that’s scary. What’s even a scarier thought is whether they’re knowingly in control of all of that. 
My conscious finally tuned back in to the conversation in time to hear Sam ask, “So, I hear your ‘ska-betti’ is the best Tibby has ever eaten?”
“Huh? Oh, it’s the only spaghetti he’s eaten, actually. He was just very taken with it, especially for his participation in its preparation. Besides, we were both so hungry by dinner time that he probably could have eaten anything and raved about it.”
Trying to be cute and part of the conversation, Tibby said, “I wouldn’t have eaten dirt.”
“There’s dirt in spaghetti,” I said with blunt sarcasm.
He stopped what he was doing, spun his head around to me with an absolute astonished and foolish look on his face, probably trying to figure out how he was going to retract his previous statement. He gasped with mystified concern. “Is there? Really?” 
Sam set her hands on her hips and pursed her lips at me, frowning with disdain. Before trouble brewed, I quickly looked at Tibby and said, “No, just kidding.” Then I winked and hoisted my cup of coffee in a belated toast to my untimely wit. I guess it was a good thing I didn’t laugh it up over my little pun because Tibby fashioned a frown of his own, making the silence worse for me. 
Sensing the need, I sought to recapture the mood. “Actually, as I think about it, it was pretty good spaghetti, ‘cause Tibby and I both ate two servings each.”
“Two servings apiece?” Sam exclaimed.
She stepped over to Tibby, poking and tickling in time with her words. “Two servings—you ate two whole servings—all by yourself? I guess it was a good thing I wasn’t there, ‘cause you didn’t leave any for me. Why don’t you just morph into a little piggy, huh? Huh? That’s what I think you need to do.”
Tibby laughed and giggled like a little kid. I was just glad it wasn’t me again. I let them have their little play since it was a healthy recovery to the atmosphere, though I warily moved away, being careful not to turn my back for fear of another one of those gruesome tickling-taser assaults like yesterday afternoon. 
I smartly sidestepped their playing to start gathering the rest of the tagging equipment I would need, should I make contact with a pod of manatee. I happened to glance over to Sam when I spotted a familiar store name shopping bag. Intrigued, I picked it up and examined its contents. “Hey, you bought me a new diving mask.” I pulled the package out of the bag and searched for a pair of scissors to cut it open. “When did you get this?”
“Last night. I said I was going to do that. Remember?” 
“My goodness, this is an Atomic brand, professional scuba mask, a nice one too. Neat, thank you, Sam.” I walked over and gave her a secured, one arm embrace, sneaking in a little kiss on her cheek. She batted her eyes with a bashful flirt, soaking up the attention. Then she playfully kissed me on the end of my nose, smiled, and quite matter-of-factly said, “You’re very welcome. You owe me a hundred and sixty bucks.”
She casually stepped away from my spontaneous loosened grasp to begin her final organizing of our packs for the outing as I quietly repeated the amount under my breath, in shock. This was the second time this morning, in less than twenty minutes, that I’d been rendered defenseless and immobilized by this cunning female. Once again, I was left with this overwhelming hypnotic, helpless frame of mind and involuntary acquiescence, and I couldn’t help but sort of like it. I get duped, and then I feel good about it, and all the while I have a suspicious feeling she seems to be totally aware of all of this.
My thoughts over the situation gave me a recollection to the adage of a poem by Rudyard Kipling: “And she knows, because she warns him, and her instincts never fail—that the female of the species is more deadly than the male.” I thought about how unerringly accurate that seemed to fit my situation, but if they remain linked to trifling issues, who cared. Maybe I’ll come in late every morning just so I can get an extra kiss for it. But no more diving masks, for goodness sake. I muttered to myself as I turned the mask over a couple more times with scrutiny. “Whew-wee—a hundred and sixty bucks!” How insane is that? I gotta get another kiss before I pay up for this thing. 
“OK, that’s it,” Sam announced. “I think we’re ready to go here.”
I filed my thoughts away and stuffed my new mask in my pack with my other assorted gear. Slinging it over one shoulder, I grabbed my other haversack and said, “Okey-dokey, Sammy.”
Tibby giggled with his chipmunk-like chuckle as he got up from his chair and added, “Okey-dokey, ‘professor sweetie.’”
Brother, he never forgets anything. After tending to a few last-minute details, we exited the lab together, heading on a course toward my and Tibby’s last coordinates. Poopsy gave us a parting farewell by spastically flapping his wings and squawking as he clacked his bill and undulated his head up and down like a piston.
The home and lab weren’t even out of sight when Tibby was first to point out a collective thought. “I miss Claudie.”
“Yeah, I was just thinking the same thing, lil’ buddy. I miss him too.”
Sam said, “You think Claude and, what’s her name, Gracie, are probably—”
I quickly interrupted, carefully assuring G-rated content here. “On honeymoon—yeah—absolutely correct, Sam.” I gave her a facial alert and she quickly picked up on the gesture and altered her expression.
“When did you say the ‘honeymoon’ uh, season, was exactly, Toby?”
“It basically starts in spring, peaks in May, and has about a sixty-five day, um, well, uh, maturation period. Typically, the male doesn’t hang around for any of that last part—if you know what I mean.”
“Yeah, but Claude isn’t your typical male gator, either,” Sam added.
“Well, that’s for sure.” Just when I thought we had cautiously and carefully avoided some indelicate adult exchange and were proceeding to safer content, Tibby spontaneously piped up and said, “Yup, and then they’ll have babies!”
Sam and I stopped in our tracks, bringing our marching line to an instant halt. We turned and blinked at one another a couple of times, both of us waiting for the other to come up with an uncomplicated response as Tibby watched us, carefully monitoring our expression. Finally, I just shrugged and said, “Yup, you’re right, Tibby. Claudie will be a daddy.” Apparently it was the right thing to say, because before I could turn back to resume my walk, Tibby echoed my response.
“Yup, Claudie will be a daddy all right!” He shrugged his shoulders in mimic to my gesture, which seemed to satisfactorily close the conversation on that particular issue. We then resumed our march. We didn’t have to walk much further when the vast tropical flora of jungle-like conditions quickly consumed us as we progressed out of the open grassy patches of wetland and into the denser rain forest surroundings—also a sure sign of deeper waterways to have to navigate through and around. We briefly observed a light colored wading bird, which could be any of sixteen species remaining here in the Florida everglades, and watched it glide in a silent low flight to a nearby estuary. 
Sam was the first to respond, stealing my thoughts and opinions concerning our environment, looking all about as we progressed into heavier foliage and woodsy conditions. “Boy oh boy—there aren’t too many places with this kind of tropical environment, are there, Toby?” 
“There isn’t any other in our continental United States—not like this.” 
She continued to share her feelings as she gazed around us. “I don’t ever want to be away from this, not on any permanent basis. Every time I leave here for the weekend, I can’t wait to get back. And the closer I get to work on Monday mornings, the faster I drive to get here. I don’t know how I keep from getting a ticket sometimes.”
That was actually a valuable piece of personal information Sam was sharing. It told me a lot of things, and there were a lot of things that I could read into that too. I decided to respond to her open convictions by stepping closer to her and taking her hand in mine. Not just to strengthen our recent merger, but to witness and confirm the feelings she had expressed. I appreciated her values, and it seemed like the right thing to do at the time. It helped to form a duo signature to a cause and commitment of conservation worth fighting for. It obviously was something very important to both of us.
We walked hand in hand for several minutes until the conditions dictated our separation back into a single file formation, with me taking the lead. After what seemed to be the better part of three hours, I stopped to check our location with a map and compass and had Tibby confirm that we had almost arrived at one of the two newly charted inlets; the one Tibby had previously reported his sighting of six manatees.
Taking us into a quick huddle, as the person in charge of the field mission, I quietly stressed our mission. “OK gang, we don’t have very far to go here. Let’s keep the conversation low and our senses on high alert. Remember, we have a dual purpose here. One is to tend to our manatee work; secondly, to try to detect any sign, and make some sense of this moaning business Tibby has reported.” They both nodded in affirmation, and Tibby whispered, “Okey-dokey, Toby.”
“Tibby, are we getting close to where you were when you first heard that moaning sound?”
“Oh yes. The inlet is just over there a little bit, and the moaning came from behind somewhere.”
Limited, quiet conversation was a branded requirement in order to detect certain natural movement, sounds, and calls. If you’re caught up in too much conversation and activity, all your senses are dulled and you can miss something, or even get hurt. In general, my cohorts were already aware of this necessity and its benefits to making a stealth approach toward any water inlets and estuaries. Not so much in concern of any manatee present, as much for the attraction and presence of multiple indigenous animals, such as what was possibly a heron or egret that flew over our heads earlier. 
We continued in a direction, best recommended by Tibby, toward this inlet, pushing through the denser plant life with caution and respect. This particular inlet had a broader natural clearing around the tropical green pool of water which seemed to end from the direction we approached. I turned around one time and raised my index finger to pursed lips, stressing to them to be quiet, then turned back to proceed. Tibby immediately yanked on Sam’s pants to get her attention. When she finally turned and looked at him, he raised his finger to his lips gesturing the “shh” signal to her with a supervising charge. Highly annoyed, she frowned at him with a scrunched up face and loudly whispered, “I know, I know!”
I stopped our advance and slowly turned back to look at Sam with a classic expression of contempt and disgust on my face and sarcastically whispered, “Perhaps we ought to just shoot a flare gun and sound off a boat horn a few times to give away our presence, huh?”
Tibby quickly looked around Sam at me, raised his hand and whispered, “Neat-o—can I do the boat horn, please?”
I frowned at him and whispered back, “Will you hush!” 
Before I turned to resume our advance, Sam glared at Tibby as he pointed back to her, scolding, “See, I try to tell you,” shaking his head with exaggerated disappointment.
By now, Sam was seething. But she saved any further scathing rebuke and laid it to rest as we entered in the small, narrow side of the clearing. A quick look around the immediate area verified there was no evidence of any peripheral wildlife. I didn’t expect there would be, anyway. Tibby honed in his finely tuned senses to quietly report, “There are only two manatees here this time, Toby.”
I relaxed the mood, responding in normal voice tones, “Well, I guess that’s better than none. Looks like we may not be here very long after all.” I instinctively kicked off my boots and stripped down to my T-shirt and a modest bathing suit, which I intentionally wear underneath my pants for these planned outings. 
Sam blurted, “Whoopee! Would you look what I’ve been missing on these outings all along?”
Gathering my needed equipment, I responded with a humorous defense. “Yeah, well, the first one’s free. Each subsequent show has a surcharge.”
Giggling to herself, she quipped, “Not a problem, I have a quarter.”
“Sorry kid, its fifty cents, with a two-show minimum.” 
“It’s a deal! I’m ready to start a tab here.”
I enjoyed harmonizing and adding to her playful jabs, but now I merely shook my head in defeat, peeled off my other sock and picked up my selected equipment, which included a tagging device, my new scuba mask, and a multi-tool. I readied the tagging device, which is an apparatus that inserts a very tiny RFID tag, the size of a grain of rice, just under the skin with no risk to the animal. Actually, manatees don’t even feel it. Then cooperating scientists can use a hand-held electronic scanner that reads a digital number from the tag specific to that animal.
I use the multi tool as needed to remove any non life-threatening fishing hooks, line or netting snagged on the manatee. Technically, I’m not supposed to do that, but Florida Fish and Game know my areas of expertise, but don’t mandate and enforce that particular contact restriction against me. After all, I am allowed to touch them while I’m tagging, and the fact that I’m on my own property helps to keep my actions private.
I walked around to the opening of the inlet to enter the water, to discourage the manatee from exiting. Moving slowly and being careful to demonstrate a non-threatening entity, I eased into the water. “I believe this pool must be deeper than most,” I said to Sam before I quickly became submerged in the water. 
Treading the water to don my new scuba mask, I took a deep breath and dipped my head below the surface of the water for a cursory surveillance. Boy, oh boy, this mask was great, —although I still wasn’t sure it was worth the price. But the quality and clarity of vision under the water was superb and made a dramatic difference. As Sam liked to say, it was very cool.
I could see the two manatees twenty to thirty feet away and both were maintaining a tranquil unassuming, motionless submerged status. For my own sake, I made a quick safety check. There are hardly ever any alligators large enough to consider as a threat to any manatee in the first place. This didn’t necessarily mean the water was safe for me to be in, which was why it was so important to scan everything around me all the time. I came up for my first breath with a gasp. “Whew! This inlet is like a bowl in that it kind of drops in the middle.”
“Any problems?” Sam asked.
“Naw, it’s going to be an easy job considering there’s only two manatees. Looks like two young males, due to their smaller size … be right back.”
I took a breath and went back to check on the manatees. They had risen to the surface in a lazy manner, one after the other. Each exchanged a breath of fresh air and dropped back into the water. The fact that both were facing the opposite direction to the exit/entrance of the inlet indicated they were not only content with my presence, but didn’t have any interest in heading out. I was curious to know if this inlet might serve to be a rest stop of sorts, instead of any feeding. Rising to the surface panting, I spewed and huffed water from around my mouth, wiping the residue from around my face and mouth with my hand. After sharing a brief report with Sam, I said I was going to go ahead and get them tagged while they’re relaxed.
“OK, be careful.”
I nodded, quickly purged my mask, took a deep breath, and went back down. The tagging went flawlessly. Both the manatees being together like they were, and facing the same direction, couldn’t have been better orchestrated. I stayed down longer so I was able to take care of both of them at the same time. Less concerned about making the manatee nervous, I broke the surface as quickly as I could, gusting breaths of fresh air, ready to haul myself out of the water. “Whew-wee—that’s a lot of work treading water and swimming twenty or thirty feet at a time, back and forth. I’m not quite used to that.”
Sam met me at the water’s edge and helped to take some of the equipment from me. “You doing all right there, boss?” 
“Oh yeah, I’m fine. But this has to be the deepest inlet I’ve ever encountered. Good thing there were only two manatees in it, or I would have needed a pair of fins to have kept up with four or more of them.”
“You want me to pick you up a pair?” she teased. 
“No, No!” I quickly responded. “I still have this mask to pay off, remember?” She grinned. “Besides, just one, deeper inlet doesn’t necessarily justify the investment. And there’s no guarantee other manatee will be here for me to tag on any future trips.”
“Just thought I’d ask,” she said with a shrug.
“Yeah, about five-foot deep water is average for these smaller inlets, and I usually can just wade around.” I had been drying my face on a hand towel Sam had provided, and as I gave it back to her I remembered something I’d temporarily forgotten. “Come to think of it Sam, we better get some water, muck, and plant samples while I’m still wet.”
“You got it boss. Tibby, can you bring me Toby’s haversack, please?”
“Okey-dokey, Sammy.” No sooner said than done, he hurried the haversack over to Sam for her to retrieve the necessary vials for the required samples.
Rather than try to take a sample of the muck from the bottom of the pool, I sent Sam to meet me at the opposite side where the water was shallower in one area. Meanwhile, I tended to the two or three plant and water samples. Once these were processed back at the lab, we would know of any trace evidence of toxins, organic pollutants, chemical fertilizer, or in the worst case, poisons and heavy metals. 
Having finished gathering our samples, we decided to relax and eat the packed lunch I had prepared. After that, Sam and I made a written record identifying the location where the manatee were tagged, then organized and labeled the samples accordingly. When we finished, I was dried off enough to put my clothes back on. It wasn’t until I was putting on my other shoe that I looked over and noticed Tibby had his ears on “high alert.” 
It wasn’t long after our initial introduction that I discovered his ears seem to function not only as parabolic microphones, but as little radar scanners, much the way a bat uses its ears to detect anything and everything around itself, completing a mental visual radar picture of its environment. 
When Tibby’s ears start moving in this manner, I know there’s something specific he’s detected.
“What’s up, lil’ buddy?”
“Mmm, I’m hearing the swamp licky moaning, only just a little, very softly this time.”
Sam scoffed. “Swamp licky—pfft!”
I strained to try to hear something, but I couldn’t. “Tibby, are you sure?”
“Yeah-yeah. Only just a couple of times. It’s very, very quiet today.”
Sam gave little concern based upon the superstitious overtones and diverted her attention to reorganizing the packs and haversack for the return trip to the lab. Suddenly, all of our attention was alerted when we heard an eerie, haunting, long drawn-out, howl-like moaning that sent shivers down our my spine.
Sam quickly stopped what she was doing and suddenly showed mounting anxiety. Her voice wavered a bit as she spoke. “What on earth was that?”
Tibby hunkered down behind some of the plant growth with mysterious prudence. “It is the swamp licky,” he whispered.
Now with obvious doubt, Sam said, “What do you think that, is Toby?
“I have no idea. I’ve lived here all my life and I’ve never heard anything like that. I don’t remember my folks ever saying anything about something like this, either.”
The howling continued, increasing slightly before suddenly dropping back down in a barely audible volume, but the change of pitch repeated itself. It had a high-low resonating sound carried by the wind that made it impossible for me to detect its exact location. I kept turning in different directions, closing my eyes trying to figure out its position, but with no luck.
Sam pensively watched as I turned one way, then another, then back again. She looked at me oddly and loudly whispered. “What are you doing?” 
“I’m trying to figure out exactly which direction it’s coming from.”
Her eyes widened. Astounded, she asked bluntly, “Why, for heaven’s sake?”
“‘Cause I’m interested in tracking it down and finding out what it’s all about.”
She just rolled her eyes, clearly aggravated, but Tibby confidently repeated, “It is the swamp licky, huh, Toby?”
I decided to put his worries partly to rest. “I don’t think so, lil’ buddy. Remember, I said a swamp licky only comes out at night, never in the daytime.”
“Ooh, yeah, that’s right.” He turned around, shaking his finger at Sam, “It only comes out at night.”
Sam again rolled her eyes with mounting exasperation. “OK, great. Sounds to me like we’ve settled it, so come on … we can all go back to the lab now.” I could see her anxiety rising as the howling continued.
“Tibby—quick, try to track that location a little better for me, will you? Let’s see if we can narrow it down to a more specific direction. Go over to that cypress tree for me—can you do that?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby.”
Quick as a wink, he flashed himself to transparent mode as he chinged out his nails and dashed through the tall grass and overgrowth, all the way up to the top of the nearby cypress tree. What more ingenious camouflage could there be other than being transparent? I thought.
Sam was neither encouraged nor supportive in this pursuit. “What’s your plan here, anyway?”
With a poor imitation of Tibby’s response to that same question, I said, “Everyone has a plan ‘till they get punched in the mouth.”
Perplexed, Sam screwed her face into a knot and looked at me like I was some kind of a nut. “What?”
I just let it pass for the moment. Preying upon her concerns, I braced myself, ready for a further turbulent response to a deliberately igniting comment I just thought of. I hunkered over slightly to try to look as serious as possible, and in hushed tones said, “Here’s what were going to do. As soon as Tibby comes back down with a general idea of what direction this mysterious wailing is coming from, I’m sending you to go check it out.”
She immediately stiffened up in shock, and her facial expression was priceless. What a look of alarm and retaliation! She looked like she was ready for the battle of the century and wasn’t slow to give the response I was hoping to get. “Yeah? You’re goofy in the head too. I’m not going anywhere or doing any such thing, Everett Tobias.”
My mischievous grin of satisfaction soon turned to a snicker when I pointed a finger-gun at her and said, “Gotcha!” This seemed to help her work out her exasperation and tension because she exhaled and asked, “Seriously, what is the plan here?”
I gave a more genuine, serious look this time. “This is just a fact-finding mission. I’m not making any decisions for personal investigation or furtive advance without as much accurate information as I can get beforehand. And I’m not interested in investigating anything off my own property unless it proves to be a natural threat or environmental hazard of some kind.”
Her aggravated appearance melted away, exchanged with a sigh of relief. “Really?”
“Certainly, I’ve got more sense than to blindly tread headlong into things I know nothing about, putting myself and those I care for under any undue risk.”
Obviously recollecting a quote I had given in her behalf concerning Tibby’s discovery, she said, “Fools rush in where Angels fear to tread.”
“Exactly,” I concluded.
My decision seemed to set well with Sam, as she calmed herself. Meanwhile, Tibby came back down the tree, reappearing at the same time, then chinged his nails back in and came over to us to report his findings. “There’s a good fellow,” I said to him. “Tell us what you think. How much wetter does it get, going in that direction?”
“Umm, it starts to get very watery, Toby. It would be over your head a bunch.”
I rubbed my chin thoughtfully. “I was afraid that would be the case. I could sorta tell from the condition of the ground where we are, right here.”
“Can I look at the map, please?” he asked.
“Sure, that’s an excellent idea.”
As usual, he politely thanked me. To better determine the direction of the curious sound, I pulled the dossier of field maps out of my haversack, opened it up, and laid out the needed three maps together making up the area we were located. “We are here, yes?” He looked at me to confirm his location.
“Yes, you’re right, very good.”
“The moaning is coming from here,” he said as he laid his hands on the map, parallel to one another, fanning outward slightly from our location, pointing directly toward the last known entry to … 
“Beggar’s Swamp,” I said with disgust, placing my finger on the location. “Somehow, I suspected this would be the case. We’ll have to come back with the johnboat and go down that main channel to be able to get to those other inlets and maybe get a closer look to see where that mysterious howling noise is coming from.”
Tibby drew his hands back together, cupped them slightly over his mouth and chin, and widened his eyes with concern. “Ooh, this is scary-scary.”
“Creepy-creepy is more like it,” Sam replied.
Carried away in thought, I stared off in the direction of the lifelong restricted location, sighed in contemplation and said, “Yeah, my instincts are telling me that ‘Something wicked this way comes.’”
Tibby said, “Macbeth, Act four, Scene one.”
<><><> CHAPTER 8 <><><>
The Mystery Intensifies
ALL DURING OUR HIKE back home, I didn’t discuss any of my personal thoughts about the moaning and its apparent location. In fact, I only made a limited contribution to the conversation Sam and Tibby were having about the inlet, the manatees, and the samples we had taken, which amounted to nothing more than a casual hit and miss exchange. I could tell Sam took notice of my reticence and was being careful not to directly broach any delicate subject matter until after we got back to the lab, which by now had come into sight.
Once we pretty much had everything put away and I’d taken my boots off, I stood up and she came over and put an arm around me and nudged me reassuringly. “Are you doing all right?”
“Yeah, I think so.” I had my head down and was kind of spaced out, staring at the floor.
Then with clever observation she asked, “Are you about ready to share some things you’ve been absorbed in all the way home?”
I smiled. She’s pretty smart. I have to hand it to her. It was more than just good timing on her part, as I had just thought out certain key and specific facts concerning this “moaning matter.” Maybe it would be good to go ahead and share them and get Sam’s feedback. Finally looking up, I said, “Yes, actually, I do have some theories I’ve been working on.” 
Sam let go as I made a quarter turn and began to pace back and forth, speaking and gesturing with afore practiced tutorial. “There seem to be some specific consistencies that appear to set the moaning sounds apart from being strictly classified as a creature of some kind, as compared to that of an anomaly. 
“The first important fact is that it continues to resonate from the same location, or as best as we could tell.” I walked over and tapped the location on the large wall map for emphasis. “That’s highly unlikely of any living creature, particularly one that would be wounded. Neither would it give away its location if it was in a vulnerable condition, because it’s not in an animal’s nature to do that—it would be certain suicide. Nor would a seriously wounded animal be able to last this long before finally expiring. Secondly, although this moaning has demonstrated a difference in volume, there has been little to no fluctuation in the sound being made. So far it had pretty much stayed the same both in form and in pitch, repeating or in cycle. Both of these points are an indication to a complete absence of invariance—also an unlikely animal habit. Adding to this last point is the fact that the sound emanates right from the direction of the last known and common entrance to Beggar’s Swamp, a place of unsettling reputation—and I’m not totally convinced that’s purely happenstance.”
Sam’s eyes widened as she considered what I’d said. “Brother, when you decide to share something, you go ahead and dump the whole load, don’t you?” Now her query intensified sharply. “On that last point you made … do you remember me saying that it was ‘creepy-creepy’?”
“Yeah.”
“What did you mean after that, when you said, ‘Something wicked this way comes’?”
I paused for a moment, contemplating whether or not I should share those thoughts, fearing I might appear superstitious, which I certainly am not. No person of any serious intellect is. A wise man once said that “Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.” Besides, it was a distinguished contrast marking the state of affairs and deserved to be openly shared.
“Well, in my mind, I quickly draw a comparison of Beggar’s Swamp to that of the land of Nod.”
Sam looked very puzzled. “Land of Nod? What’s that?”
“Something I remember from the Book of Genesis. Nod was not so much a place as it was a condition denoting desolation and barrenness. It was said to have been East of Eden where God sent Cain upon being banished. After murdering his brother Able, God set a mark upon Cain and he was condemned to be a fugitive and a wanderer on the earth, hence the name Nod meaning, wandering or vagrancy. To me that also represents the state or condition of being condemned.” 
“So, you’re making a comparison to Beggar’s Swamp and that awful family, and—what’s his name?”
“Kaden?” I concluded for her. 
“Exactly. And what was it you said Zeke called him?”
I grinned and chuckled at her recollection. “That little zombie?” 
“Right. You think he’s still around?”
I unconsciously scratched at my lower back as I answered, “I don’t know … I don’t have any idea to tell you the truth. I’ve never thought about him much anymore. He could still be around, I suppose.”
“Well, if he is, what makes it worse is now he’s a big zombie.”
Tibby had been completely quiet on our return and throughout my conversation with Sam, but of course he was always listening to us, and now he felt the need to share his feelings with a scowl. “I don’t like zombies—big ones or little ones.”
Sam and I laughed over his perfectly timed childish relief. Still scratching, I moved over to sit down to put my other shoes back on and bring my thoughts to a closure. “So, to finish my thought, in this situation, Beggar’s Swamp represents a condemned place, and since that moaning sound appears to emanate from that location—”
Sam nodded with conclusion and finished my statement: “Something wicked this way comes.”
“Bingo! That’s why I have deserved concerns that stem from the events of the past. Things like this can quickly go from bad to worse, which probably means that nothing good will come of this.”
Now it was Sam’s turn to contemplate things. I watched her muse over this information as she took the samples from the haversack and begin the task of tendering the records of information into the computer and storing the samples in the refrigerator for later examination. I stood up and absently scratched at my back yet again, caught up in my thoughts and unaware that my frowning and annoyed expression had caught Sam’s attention. “What’s the matter with you?”
“Huh?”
“I said, what’s up with you? That’s the third time you’ve been scratching at your back.”
“No it isn’t.” I deniably determined. 
“Oh yes it is too. Come over here so I can see what’s wrong with you,” she ordered with a motherly frown and voice inflection. “You act like I don’t know anything. I’d bet you’re carrying an invertebrate.” 
I stepped over to her as I was told. “What, like a tick?” 
She spun me around, yanked my damp shirt up to make a quick inspection, then bent me over slightly, pulling the back of my waistband away from my back and down slightly. “Nope, like a leech … just as I thought.”
I reared up and blurted, “Are you kidding me?” Panic began to mount.
“Nope.”
I immediately jerked and gyrated about like I was dancing barefoot on an electrified floor. All the while, Sam maintained her grip on the waistband of my britches and swimsuit as I shouted, “Aahhh! Get it off—get it off—get it off me!”
Tibby was quite startled, not knowing what in the world was responsible for my sudden outburst of mayhem. He jumped up on top of the table, immediately taking an offensive position, ready to blast whatever threat he could perceive that might be causing my distress.
Sam was yelling, trying to get me to pay attention. “Here, here, calm down. Come over here to the light, will ya?”
At first I didn’t have any idea what Sam was thinking about, because obviously, I wasn’t thinking at all. All I could imagine was that hideous blood-sucker on my back, and I went berserk. I absolutely hate leeches. I can handle a lot of things, but leeches absolutely creep me out the worst. I can’t stand having one on me. I was so jittery I was trying to pace back and forth.
Sam bellowed again. “Here, hold still, I said!” She pulled me back, firmly holding my rear waistband while walking me backward over to the table with a magnifying glass light. Using the proper technique, she deftly pushed the little bugger sideways, starting from its skinny tail end and finally sliding it loose. This is to prevent the leech from discharging the contents of its gut into the bite. This is what can cause an infection and possible blood poisoning. That’s why you never want to use salt or heat from a hot item like matches or cigarette lighters. Otherwise, leeches are not known to transmit any disease. 
She grabbed it up and dropped it into a small specimen jar she filled with rubbing alcohol. Then she washed the area of my back with some of the alcohol and some cotton balls, disinfecting the bite and cleaning the mild residue of my blood. When finished, she gave me a motherly pat on the back, “There you go. You might bleed just a little. Other than that, you’re good as new.”
“Whew, thanks, Sam.” I felt much more at ease. 
Afterward, Tibby jumped off the table and walked over to me with concern, putting one arm around my leg. “Toby … are you OK?”
“Yeah, I’m OK, lil’ buddy. Sorry … I just overreacted, that’s all. Thanks for asking.”
He patted me, assuring I was all right. Then he went to the table and picked up the jar to make a closer study of the sanguivorous slug. 
“Well, um, if you guys don’t mind, I think I’ll go to the house, get out of these clothes and take a shower, and make sure I don’t have any more of those things on me.”
Sam agreed. “I think that’s probably a good idea. If you find any more, stay calm and remember to slide them off sideways, tail first, OK?”
I thanked Sam and quickly headed to the house to take care of myself.
<><><>
After Toby left, I resumed my computer data entries of the samples brought back and was thinking about Toby and his overreaction to the leech. That’s when I noticed Tibby had picked up the specimen jar and was examining and studying the leech. “Sammy, these are not deadly poisonous?”
“Oh no, not at all.”
He set the jar back on the table, puzzled. “Why-for did Toby get so scared then?”
“Well, it’s kind of a phobia thing probably, but I don’t think Toby’s is quite as bad as all that, either, actually.” I was trying to find a suitable conclusion. “He just didn’t like being taken by surprise.”
“What is a ‘phobia thing’?”
I knew Toby could better answer Tibby’s question, but I felt it was better if Toby didn’t know Tibby and I had talked about any of this. “Um, a phobia is a fear of something—there are a lot of different fears people can have that cause them to really wig out if they are around it or exposed to it or come in contact with it. Stuff like that.”
“Wig out? What is ‘wig out,’ and stuff like what?” 
“Wig out means to go bonkers—overreact. And, oh goodness, there are way too many to mention them all. I don’t even know how many there could be; besides, some might seem downright silly. But that doesn’t make them any less real for the people who fear them. I guess some of the most serious or common fears are a fear of spiders or snakes, umm … the fear of heights, fear of falling, fear of loud noises. Another is the fear of tight, or closed-in places, like uh, elevators for instance—”
“What’s an elevator?” 
It had become clear to me now what Toby had been going through, particularly as a mentor and father figure. “Well, it’s … oh, never mind. Anyway, that’s what a phobia is—an uncontrolled fear of something. But, like I said, Toby’s fear is not that bad as what some people have. Otherwise he wouldn’t be able to handle it right now if he finds another leech on himself. I think it was just because he was taken by surprise. It’s kind of like when someone jumps out and scares you when you don’t know they’re there. If you saw them first, you wouldn’t get as scared, you understand?”
“Yes, I do, thank you, Sammy.”
“You’re welcome.” Before he stepped away, I grabbed his arm and leaned closer to him to make a special request. “Oh, by the way, I think it’s important not to talk to Toby about it unless he brings it up, OK? You gotta promise to remember.”
“Why-for?”
“Well, because people are sensitive about their particular issues and feelings and don’t want to be embarrassed by talking about it. It’s kind of a private, personal problem that you discuss only if they mention it … OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Sammy, it is our secret, huh?”
“Okey-dokey, it’s our secret, buddy.” 
Tibby hesitated only for a couple of seconds, thinking about what we talked about, then leaned forward and asked me, “Um, do you have any fears, Sammy?”
“No, I don’t think so, none I’m aware of. Why, do you?”
Tibby thought for a moment and said with concern, “Oh, yes, I do.”
Amazed, I perked up and spun about in my chair. “Really, what do you think you’re afraid of?”
“I’m afraid I would make a loud noise while falling.”
I laughed and laughed. Tibby’s simple response was so cute, and seemed to conclude any further questions on that topic. When the time was right, I knew I would have to share this precious exchange with Toby. But for now, it was more important to me to finish my data entry. After which, Tibby and I took to straightening and organizing the whole lab, cleaning our gear, putting it away, and then one by one checked on all the critters. I made some executive decisions, and with Tibby’s help, we released several of them back to the swamp, then cleaned and mopped that whole section of the lab. By the time I rinsed the bucket and hung the mop over it to dry, Toby walked in.
<><><>
“Well, Sam, it looks like I made it back just in time.” 
She turned around with her hands on her hips. “Oh yeah, in time for what?”
Looking about the room at their obvious job well done, I said, “In time to … well, call it a day, and go home. How about that?”
“Pfft! See Tibby, that’s just about how a boss does. They’ll goof off until all the work gets done, then show up and tell us ‘it’s time to call it a day.’”
Tibby smiled with delight and approval. “Oh boy! We’re very lucky, huh?”
Her pretend rebuttal foiled, Sam was amused with Tibby’s “the glass is half full” point of view. I played into it, affirming the comment as being not far from the truth. “See how lucky you are?” 
“Whatever,” she quipped. “Anyway, how’d it go, find any more leeches on you?”
My expression turned more serious, “Yes I did, two of them, as a matter of fact—smaller ones on my thighs. But I got them off without any trouble.” 
“Well I’m glad you went to check. You sure you got them all?”
“Oh yeah, I’m sure. I double checked in the mirror.”
Tibby stepped over, put his arm around me consolingly and said, “I’m very sorry you got some leeches on you, Toby.”
Moved by his sincerity, I hugged him back and said I’d be all right. Now was a good time to give the praise and compliment their efforts deserved. “You guys did a good job out here. I can tell some headway was made in the critter collection too, huh?”
“Oh yes. Come, Toby, lookie-lookie.” Tibby gave me the tour of the lab, sparing no detail of information associated to his and Sam’s efforts.
They had accomplished quite a lot, and I was impressed. “I have an idea, Tibby. You know what I think we need to do about all of this?”
He stared at me with eyes widened with mystery and awe and chanted, “Ooh, what do we do, Toby?”
“I think we need to take Sam home and fix her some pizza and ‘Oak’! What do you think about that?”
“Oh yes-yes. That is the absolute best idea for us to do.” He was exhilarated, fit to be tied over my suggestion. Besides, I felt it was time Sam spent a little more casual and personal time in the home atmosphere. Actually, it would be good for us all. I took her by the hand and asked, “What do you say … feel like staying around for a little while?”
“Sure, I think that would be nice, as long as it doesn’t take the place of our date this Saturday night.”
“Oh-no, that’s already a done deal. We won’t miss out on that. Here, come over to the lab freezer.” I led Sam over to the freezer as Tibby followed right on our heels, pushing his chair in front of him. He jumped onto the seat of the chair to watch as I lifted open the freezer chest door to reveal our extra stock of—“Pizzas …” he chanted slowly, as if hypnotized. He looked to me with anticipation, “Are these for meee?”
“They’re for all of us, lil’ buddy, we all get to share. How ‘bout you help Sammy pick out one for each of us?”
“Yup-yup. Come on, Sammy. You pick first.”
She smiled and said, “Okey-dokey, Tibby.” He pulled her closer to the freezer. With the choices made, we took our selection of three frozen pizzas for dinner and made our way to the house for a nice evening together. Not long after entering the house, Tibby grabbed his “colander helmet,” army belt and canteen, then politely asked if he could watch TV until our pizzas were ready. I said yes as I loaded the pizzas into Sam’s arms so I could systematically carry out some typical preferences. First I turned on the attic fan switch to circulate fresh, cooler air into the house, then followed a well known and typical route across the small living room and flipped on one master switch to energize my three separate computer systems. Then I returned to Sam, retrieved the pizzas out of her hands, thanked her, and headed to the kitchen with her on my heels. 
“You are definitely a creature of habit,” she said and I turned to see her amused smile and shake of the head. 
“What does that mean?” I set the pizzas on the table and bent over to fire up the oven.
“You’re too predictable,” she affirmed, smirking at me as I washed my hands.
“Predictable? Why? What’s predictable?”
“Coffee.”
I was slightly startled. “Excuse me?”
“You’re going to make a pot of coffee, aren’t you?”
“I always make a pot of coffee in the evening while I get dinner started.” I retrieved the carafe to advance that preparation as we talked.
“That’s what I’m talking about—that’s predictable.”
“No, that’s a ‘preference,’ a ‘custom,’ a ‘routine,’ a ‘practice,’ a ‘pattern,’ a ‘tradition,’ which makes it a ‘habit.’”
“Then why don’t you wait to make the coffee until after you finished opening the pizzas to put in the oven?”
“Well, for several reasons, probably. The oven has to heat up first to the proper temperature, and instead of twiddling my thumbs while that’s going on I can get the coffee started.” I flipped the switch on the coffee maker. “Then while the coffee is brewing, I can open all the pizzas and get them ready to go into the oven. By the time I unwrap the pizzas, the oven temperature will be about ready and I’ll put them in—then my coffee will be finished brewing. Afterward I can be seated down at my computer, relaxed with a cup of coffee, reading or researching something while the pizzas bake, instead of waiting till I’m done unwrapping the pizzas and then making and drinking a cup of coffee, or pouring a cup of coffee and trying to drink and enjoy it less, for being interrupted with unwrapping the pizzas.”
Sam stared at me with expressed pity, like I was some kind of mercy case. Without deviation, I carried out my agenda in the exact manner and order of my convoluted explanation, removing the pizzas from their packaging one by one and putting them on trays as I spoke.
Sam shook her head with a very painful expression splayed across her face. “Ugh—but, don’t you know what that’s called?”
I deliberately showed an exaggerated question mark facial expression and shifted my eyes back and forth. “Sure … multitasking.”
“No, that’s OCD.”
With well defined sarcasm, I said, “No way,” and then I leaned way over and said, “Prove it.”
“OK, what you just did back there, in the living room—why didn’t you just go ahead and bring the pizzas straight into the kitchen first, instead of turning on the attic fan, and … and … all that computer stuff?”
“Because I was already in there. Why walk all the way into the kitchen just to set the pizzas down and then walk all the way back to the living room, flip the switches, and walk back to the kitchen again? That would be two trips. I did it in one.”
Irritated, Sam narrowed her eyes into a piercing gaze. “All right—what if I wasn’t here to hold the pizzas for you, then what, huh?”
“Then, I’d set them on the floor. Or I’d hold one in each hand for perfect balancing, kick off one shoe, pull off my sock with the other foot, and flip the switch on with my toes.” I leaned over in her direction with conclusion and smirked like an imp.
Sam couldn’t help but grin at me as she let her aggravation dissolve. She slumped back and said, “You are so silly.”
I thought it might be a good thing to openly define myself a little. “You know, if you had just posed the question to me directly and asked if I thought I was obsessive-compulsive, I would have said, ‘Absolutely.’ Because I already know for certain that I am. I like being exacting in just about everything I do. But, just think of all this fun we would have missed out on if I had just openly volunteered that information initially.” 
“You are a snot too,” she said with a mocked rebuke.
I noticed the time and decided to further punctuate the appearance of authority and control. With a top secret whisper and mysticism, I said, “I tell ya what—just to show how amazing I really am—in about thirty minutes or so I’ll make the sun disappear. How would you like to see that?”
She gave me a wry smile and retrieved a couple of coffee cups. “How about we both enjoy a cup of coffee as we watch that magic show together?”
Grinning and being silly, I rocked my head side to side like Tibby and said, “Okey-dokey Sammy.”
I placed the pizzas into the oven and double checked the temperature. I knew it was going to take a lot longer due to my old propane stove trying to cook three frozen pizzas at a time. Sam took charge of fixing our coffee. I never knew it before, but I was pleasantly surprised to see that she likes her coffee the same way I like mine. I’ll have to find a way to let her know how proper that is.
We walked out to the front porch with our coffee, settling ourselves into a pair of lounge chairs to watch a stunning evening sunset. As the sun had begun to go down, various forms of daytime wildlife were rustling about, and a last few birds flying here and there to a preferred safe resting place for the night. And then the night time creatures would begin their activity, coming out of hiding to start their instinctive patrol for survival. A cool breeze began as the evidence of the day concluded itself when the last remaining sunlight parted away. Even though it seemed that a lot of time had passed, this entire performance had probably only been five minutes or so as we both marveled over the magnificent scene. 
Breaking the silence, I finally said, “What’s up with you having a cup of coffee, anyway? You never do that.”
Still staring at the tranquil setting, she said, “I figure I’ll need it for my drive home after dinner. I just hope it doesn’t keep me awake at bedtime. Besides, I take pleasure in coffee as much as you do. I fix some every morning—a relaxing cup at home before I leave and another on my drive over here.”
Mimicking her and moving my head the way she does sometimes, I said, “Pfft—you are definitely a creature of habit.” She didn’t even look in my direction, but in a contented voice she said as she took another sip of coffee, “And you’re still a snot.”
I chuckled to myself with admiring satisfaction. Then she followed up with a question that was obviously on the forefront of her mind, again demonstrating her tactful, subtle timing of exchange on delicate matters. “So what’s going to be your next decision concerning the moaning issue out there around Beggar’s Swamp?”
Before I could give any response, we were both suddenly startled out of our seats by a burst of loud cracking and plundering in the swamp and brush from the direction just past the driveway and dock area. Poopsy immediately sprang to life, giving us his usual noisy alarm, and I noticed a short, small framed man who was stomping and staggering out of the swamp in an awkward, spastic stride. I squinted my eyes trying to focus in the dark. “Well I’ll be … that’s Scooter.”
“Scooter, who’s he?”
“He works at Zeke’s. You’ve never met him?”
“No, no, I haven’t.”
“Yeah, he’s their part-time mechanic and helper at the boat dock. Mainly does mechanical repairs and handyman type stuff, I guess, pretty good at it too. His real name is Wendell. Wendell Alvin Cartwright ‘the third.’ He was nicknamed Scooter before he could even walk.”
“The third?” 
“Yeah,” I said with a chuckle, “he added that on himself.” 
“Oh, good grief doesn’t anybody around here go by their real names?”
Before I could reply, she held a hand up and said, “OK … I give up, why is he called Scooter?”
I grinned broadly. “Because, as a baby, he’d scoot around everywhere and wouldn’t try to learn to walk, and he’d leave a long smear on the floor from his wet diaper everywhere he went.”
“Eww!” Sam scrunched up her face with revulsion.
“Even now, he hardly ever lifts his feet and never gets in a hurry anywhere he goes.”
Sam looked in the direction of the dock as Scooter approached the porch. “Looks like he’s in a hurry today.”
“Yeah, obviously something’s up. Now don’t be alarmed by his natural, effusive behavior—he always likes to talk loud.”
Before Sam could ask for any clarification, he suddenly halted his advance, cocked his head slightly as he squinted an eye. Scooter is as backwoods as they come, right along with all his hillbilly jargon. In a fanatical, flagrant and high-pitched southern twang, he hollered, “Toby? Is that you up thar?”
“Yeah, Scooter, it’s me, come on over, buddy … is everything all right?” I leaned over to Sam and quickly whispered, “He’s very basic and simple, but genuine and sweet in nature. Scooter is kind of … well, he’s kind of a passive loony tune of the community.”
Sam gave one of her exaggerated “oh, I see” expressions. By that time, Scooter had stepped up onto the porch and I moved forward to shake his hand.
He grinned enormously, and in his blaring, Southern-slang, he said, “Hey, Toby—boy am I glad to see ya.” He shifted to a worried, troubled look, interrupting his salutation, and was quickly distracted by Sam’s presence. Smiling all over again, he grabbed her hand and just about shook her arm off in the process. “Hey, I know you—I’ll bet yer Samantha Carter. I heared all about ya. You really is pretty. Did ya win a beauty contest or something, or was ya a model in them thar modeling picture-books? Yup, I betcha.”
Before either of us could give a response, Scooter’s unsystematic manner of thinking quickly led to random questions flying out of his mouth in rapid succession as he delivered a repertoire of non sequiturs. He looked at us, and then at the house after catching the smell of cooking. Looking back with a surprised gawk, he grinned broadly and with increasing volume asked, “Y’all married or something or just playing house?” He winked and jabbed his elbow at me.
Suddenly, he arbitrarily blurted, “Gordy … Gordy May Evans. She wanted her ’n me ta get hitched once. You remember her from school, Toby? Actually, her name is Geordie, we all just called her Gordy instead. Don’t know why ’cept it was easier to spell. She was pretty ’n all, but she had real big scary teeth, sure did. She had buckteeth so bad she could eat summer squash through a picket fence—and not a very good kisser neither. I was always afraid she’d bite me er somethin’. She was a real good cook though. I bet yer a good cook too, huh, Samantha? Sure smells like it. Whatcha like to cook the best? I like everythin’ from crawdads to roof rabbits. Well, now I take that back. A hicky eel takes a long time to chew … I don’t care much for them. They’re kind of muddy tastin’ too. What do you like? You must like the swamp a lot, like us type folk do … for you to want to move out here … with Toby like this … in the swamp.”
In all his excitement, Scooter raised up a leg, slapped his knee, and did a quick country jig, yelling out, “Whew boy, if all this don’t pinch the pig! Wait’ll Zeke and Ma hears about this. They both said Toby was pretty much a nerdy-worm and was a needin’ him a college girl if he was ta have any hope a gettin’ him a girl.” Jabbing a finger toward Sam, he coaxed, “Come on and tell me … how’d he finally do it fer ya?”
Not knowing where this was leading and appearing half-shocked and amazed, she stared momentarily before generating a brooding, seething look of contempt. Finally, snarling her nose, she snapped, “What? What are you talking about? What’s wrong with you?”
Completely undeterred by Sam’s acerbic response, Scooter finished his wacky agenda with continued presumption. His mind seemed to be everywhere but here. He snapped his fingers and pointed with conclusion. “I bet it was the swamp buggy, wudden it … that’s what did it fer you? Uh-huh, I betcha it was the swamp buggy. I knowed it! I don’t blame you. Boy it’s a dandy ain’t it, man it can really go. Nobody’s got a better one.” Then he asked me, “It needin’ a tune-up by any chance, do it Toby? Seems like I ain’t even seen it in forever, why is that you s’pose?”
Scooter somehow found time to take a quick breath as he paused to scratch his head through his dirty, heavily sweat-stained ball cap, which he never takes off. Seizing the chance to speak, I held up both hands to him with a halting command. “Scooter, stop and unhinge your jaw for a bit, will you.”
While Sam was looking in my direction, he had leaned way over toward her and loudly said, “I git excited, real easily-like.” Instantly, Sam jumped back and let out a shriek because he was so close up in her face. Startled by her response, Scooter flung his arms through the air like the scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz as he jumped back to where he’d been standing. “Sorry,” he said to her, then looked at me apologetically. “Sorry, I’m sorry, Toby. I—I was just glad to see y’all.”
“All right, that’s all right, I know it … don’t get so keyed-up, there’s no harm done. What are you doing way out here on foot by yourself, anyway? Is everything all right with Zeke and Ma?”
With exaggeration he bobbed his head, bringing a bow into every slow and drawn-out word. “Oh, sure, yeah, thare all right. I’m just needin to know if I can borrow your skiff ta get home?”
Puzzled and intrigued I said, “Well, sure, you know I’m OK with that. But what happened to yours?”
Scooter suddenly looked serious and began to wave his arms spastically, signifying his concerns as he talked. “The dangest thing happened—ooh … spooky-spooky-spooky.” He hunched himself over, stepping about, still gyrating his hands and arms. “I was out settin’ some of my trotlines, tyin’ and baitin’ the snoods, layin’ out a line to try some new spots just off the main channel—actually, it was at yer southeast bend where I was. But, I never hurt any of the manatee,” he said as he held a finger up in the air. “Ya know I’m always real careful ‘bout that.” Then he slowed and lowered his voice, bringing emphasis to his tale of terror. “All of a sudden, this spooky wailing starts up, real low and scary-like … ooh, it was spooky. And then it went into all out-’n-out howling, like someone tearin’ a leg off a poor ol’ hound dog—” He temporarily suspended his drama and stared off in ponder and bewilderment. “Why do you s’pose somebody would do somethin’ like that?”
I seized the moment to play upon Scooter’s simple nature. Acting as solemn as possible and trying to hide my smile, I said, “Scooter, now let me ask you something important—” 
He got all serious, hunched up and leaned over to me and said, “Uh-huh, uh-huh?”
With a determined, need-to-know expression, I said, “Was it spooky?”
He reared-up and rattled his head vigorously. “Oh, Toby, ya hit it right on the head—it was spooky, spooky, spooky. It carried on somethin’ fierce. And I got so scared I slammed my skiff up on a cypress knee and split ‘er open.” He brought his palms together in a prayer-like fashion, pointing downward, waving them to and fro. “Uh … right down the middle. Yes sir, I surely did.” 
Sam rolled her eyes and looked like she was about to say something. Worried that she might make mention of our personal accounts in the swamp, I frowned, stopping her with a quick hold-steady look to cancel any impromptu disclosures. That’s when I decided to aggravate her for fun. Knowing what Scooter’s answer would be, I turned back to him and asked, “So, tell me, what do you think it was out there?”
He bobbled his head like a puppet for a moment, jetted-out and rubbed his heavily whiskered jaw with brief contemplation, then straightened up confidently and said, “Well, I’m figuring it was a swamp licky!” He blinked his eyes twice and nodded with assertion.
I thought I was going to split a gut. It was all Sam could do from blowing her stack over what she had earlier determined was absolute foolishness. I held her arm, pulling her back slightly to punctuate the need for discretion, just in case. I think she knew what I was doing.
“Hmm, that’s sure interesting to know, isn’t it Sam?” I didn’t give her a chance to respond. “Well, as for loaning you my johnboat, Scooter, sure, it’s all right, just go ahead and help yourself. I know you’ll take care of it.”
He grabbed my hand and shook it vigorously before he started down the porch steps. “Aw, thanks Toby. I figgered I could count on you—yer always a fine feller.” Then he abruptly stopped in his tracks with both arms frozen in a kind of gunslinger pose, spun about a quarter turn and nervously tapped one foot on the ground. Craning his neck, he looked about the beach and the water here and there, and then scrunched his head down between his shoulders, squinted one eye and said, “Uh … as I hear it, ain’t y’all got a big ol’ bruiser of a pet gator that can swaller a hog in one gulp and still have room to pick his teeth?” He popped his head back up and gazed about with looming distress. “Is he … locked up for the night somewhere or in the barn er somethin’?”
“It’s all right, you’re safe. He’s, uh … well, he’s gone on vacation for awhile.”
“Oh, OK, that’s good.” He let out a big sigh, then did a quick double-take and twisted his face as he said, “Huh? Vacation?” 
“Never mind, you’ll be fine. It’s all right, I promise.”
He relaxed and showed a more confident status. “Alrighty … good … good-good-good, ’cause I’m too wiry to be a decent meal anyways—” He crossed his arms and rubbed them together, adding, “I’d get stuck crossways. I’d hate to choke the big feller to death.”
I waved him off, giving silent thanks that Scooter wasn’t my fulltime burden. With another eye blink and head nod, he meandered toward the dock in his gooney, goose-stepping gate, swinging his arms back and forth like a hayseed. Then he lifted an arm in the air and hollered, “OK … gotta go, gotta go—gotta get up and go home now … thank y’all,” which was how he always said goodbye when concluding a visit.
“You’re welcome, Scooter,” I hollered back. “Have a safe trip home. Say ‘hey’ from Toby to Zeke and Ma. And be sure to ask them what they think about that howling and what they might know about it.”
Scooter had made it half way to the johnboat before waving and hollering again, “Yup, OK, you betcha. But I gotta go now.”
Sam stared and said, “Man … is he goofy or what?” 
“He’s some kind of a nut, all right, but he means well … he truly does.”
“Will he be all right? I mean, he’s kinda, I don’t know, unstable. Can he find his way home OK … alone … in the dark?”
“Pfft! That boy’s lived in the swamp all of his life. He’s is at home. So, what did you think of him?”
Sam shook her head in disbelief, still watching Scooter’s departure. “It was like being on Hee-Haw.”
I laughed heartily over her analogy. Although Sam knew I already thought Scooter was pretty much on the wacky side, she had to ask me the same question again. 
“Your turn … now you tell me … what do you think?”
“Well … I think he needs to change the oil in that ball cap.”
When our eyes met, we couldn’t help but laugh together as we watched him pole away down the inlet and fade out of sight. She then asked another question I was anticipating.
“Tell me, what in the world is a ‘roof rabbit’?”
“It’s a cat.” I chuckled and waited for her expected jaw-dropping response.
She gasped, covered her mouth with both hands and whispered, “Oh my heavens—that’s awful. That’s just awful!”
I cracked up all over again, trying not to laugh out loud as I turned to go back to the table to finish my now cold coffee. But, it was the truth. 
She followed quietly, probably in shock at the thought of eating a cat. She had to be sure that I wasn’t pulling her leg on this one. “Honestly, is that what that is … for real?”
“Yup, I’m afraid that’s exactly what it is … ‘for real,’ sweetie.”
After the initial shock wore off, I knew Sam was going to be disturbed, so I felt it was necessary to clarify things a bit. “Back in the day when times were hard, some people were forced to survive on what was available at the time, and feral cats were considered open game, just like any other edible varmint, so they were treated as such. His family simply carried on a tradition that dates back to the late nineteenth century, actually. I’d eat them if I had no money, no food, and a family of twelve to feed.” 
Whether she believed and accepted that this was the factual case history of the Cartwright family or not, that was the reality of the situation at the time. With obvious curiosity on her face, she stuttered, “Did … did you … or did your family …” 
“No, there was no need. Fortunately, my family did all right during those times. There were only the three of us. In fact, we helped out a lot of other people too.”
She seemed greatly relieved. Before we sat back down, Tibby slung the door open with a loud smack, startling both of us. “DING!” he hollered—his characteristic “timer” announcement that the pizzas were finished baking. It wasn’t until after he stepped back into the house and let the door slam that we stopped and stared at one another in belated shock. 
“Good grief, Sam! I can’t believe I forgot all about him.” 
“Oh, my gosh! I know, I know … I did too.”
We both felt a little foolish and a lot disappointed in our lack of caution about the need to keep Tibby a secret from unexpected visitors. It was a scary feeling, knowing what the outcome could have been. “Toby, we’ve got to do better than this if we’re going to keep him a secret!”
“Whew! You got that right. I don’t know what’s wrong with me at times.”
Before we went in, Sam put her arms around me, giving me a curious inspection of sorts to better catch my attention. “What, what is it? I asked. “Why are you looking me over like that?”
“Oh … I was just thinking … that you’re a pretty good lookin’ guy—” I naturally straightened and swelled with a little pride and contentment, until she let go and started walking into the house ahead of me, stopped and looked over her shoulder through the screen door and added, “for a nerdy-worm.”
I grabbed the coffee cups and yelled, “That does it!” And then I chased her as she giggled, hollered, and squealed all the way through the house and into the kitchen.
<><><> CHAPTER 9 <><><>
Welcome Home, Tom
THE CHASE was a lot of fun—the kind of fun that sends a message of freedom and connection to one another at the same time. When I caught up to her, she gave me a very rewarding kiss. With rescinding abatement, we were careful not to let our playful conduct get too out of control for different reasons, mainly because of Tibby. Besides, it was time to consider winding down for the day and holding the hilarity and romping to a minimum since dinner was ready to eat. Our reasons for control were principled. Young couples who “horse around” may start out innocently and platonically at first, but this always poses the risk to transform into the “behavioral weaknesses.” Then one thing can lead to another, which should not be part of any meaningful and wholesome dating or courting relationship; hence the required supervised courting standards that are embraced by so many cultures.
After calling Tibby to the kitchen, I retrieved the pizzas from the oven and laid them out on the table. With anticipation, I said to Sam, “Watch this,” and to Tibby, “Would you cut the pizzas for us, please?” 
He was excited at the prospect of a demonstration. “Oh yes, Toby.
As expected, he hopped up into his chair, crossed his arms over his chest and bowed his head in ritual rumination. Slowly he raised his head and narrowed his eyes, giving himself a morphed Asian appearance, and uttered a Bruce Lee squeal, “Whaaa!” Then he chinged both of his index nails out and zippity-zip, cut the pizza in a blurred criss-cross mind-boggling maneuver. He systematically hopped from one chair to the next around the table, repeating the precision cutting format in a manner of seconds, leaving twenty-four perfect slices of pizza ready for us to eat. I smiled at Sam and said, “Better than a Benihana performance, eh?”
She was astounded. “Boy, I’ll say.” 
We had a good time. No one could eat pizza and drink Coke with appreciation like Tibby, who was enjoying it now as much as he did the very first time he tried it. He could probably eat this combination seven days a week. However, I couldn’t be sure how long he would be willing to try to keep that up. Then I thought, Wait till he gets a taste of a real, fresh made pizzeria pizza … he’ll probably go nuts over it.
During dinner, Tibby had a long list of questions about Scooter—who he was, what he wanted, why, and so on. I decided to go ahead and give him a brief summary about him and Zeke, and Ma too. Being very taken with the things he heard, he said, “Ohh, I would love for them to meet me.”
We laughed over Tibby’s reversed expression. Cleverly adding some positive reinforcement, Sam said, “Tibby, Toby and I are glad that you knew to stay quietly hidden in the house while Scooter was here.”
“Yeah, that was very smart of you, good job, lil’ buddy … well done.” 
Tibby returned a very puzzled look to both of us. “I only didn’t come out because my cartoons weren’t over.” We were both stunned. Immediately flashbacks to concerns of keeping Tibby secret were playing in my head. Sam had the same look on her face. “And you guys didn’t come in and tell me to ‘copycat’ either.” Of course, his point brought my worries on the issue over the top. I became distracted in thought, frowning with divided attention. “Toby, may I go back and watch some more TV now?” Tibby asked politely.
Finally, I snapped out of it. “Huh, what’s that? Oh, sure, that’s fine.” I waved Tibby off unconsciously, sending him on into the living room to play and watch his TV shows before turning to Sam. “I think we misled ourselves into believing we had a surefire cover-up solution for keeping Tibby incognito.” 
She let out a heavy breath. “I thought we did too.”
“Well, not only did we not remember to use it, it probably wouldn’t have been the best disguise after all, now that I think about it. I’ll have to admit, Tibby makes more than a good point. Think about it … if we had prompted Tibby to morph into his bobcat appearance, there would have been an endless amount of explaining if Scooter had seen the copycat because he most certainly would have had a barrage of questions. Scooter might be a rattlebrain, but he’s nothing if not keenly observant.”
Sam didn’t have to be convinced of that detail as her eyes widened in response. “Oh, I completely understand how right you are on that. He didn’t seem to miss anything he thought was going on. From that very perspective, even with the excuse of our type of work we do in the field, how would we explain the timid, pet-like controlled behavior of a full-grown Florida bobcat running loose that we didn’t raise from a kit? Besides, you’ve kind of used up that explanation with your adoption of Claude as it is.”
My mind was in deep calculation, but Sam made a good point. “Yeah, you’re right, and I didn’t think of that either.” My disgust increased. “You are so right. Gad, we’ve got to fix this! That means we’re back to square one with coming up with a better solution for keeping Tibby’s real identity hidden.”
“Do you think there’s any resolve by incorporating his pretend military interests that he’s so hooked on?”
“Hmm, I don’t know … maybe.” That was a viable consideration. I thought about it for a moment as I envisioned Tibby donning his colander, belt, and canteen and rapidly made various connections in my mind. “You know, come to think of it, he did keep himself out of sight from us pretty good the other day during his hidden surveillance, didn’t he? When you consider that—along with a more important unique talent he has, which happened to cross my mind this afternoon while we were out in the swamp—we might have the answer right in front of us.”
“Oh, yeah, what thought was that?”
“What more ingenious camouflage could there be other than invisible?”
She caught the brilliance of the possibility. “You’re right. We’ve been trying to use the wrong gift all along. I’ll bet that’s how he got in the storage locker on the dock that day too!”
“Yup. You don’t have to explain anything about something that’s not there.”
“Exactly,” she agreed. “But let me ask you this … what about the future? And what about the options for coming up with a plan that does serve to keep Tibby in the public eye?”
Though she had interrupted my thoughts of resolve, I was curious to know where she was going with this. “What do you mean? Explain to me what you’re thinking.”
“Well, for example, you’ve still got to get your boat back from Scooter, don’t you?”
“Yeah, so?”
“Where do you have to go to get it?”
“It’ll be right there at Zeke’s, of course.”
“Right! So what if we all three wanted to go?”
“Why?”
“Why what?” Sam snapped back.
“Why would all three of us have to go? I’ll get tired enough walking over there and then having to pole it back with my own weight in it. It doesn’t take three people to get a boat. What's more, I don’t have Claude to help tow it back, either. Besides, it couldn’t be a social trip anyway, because Tibby would have to stay invisible.”
“But, that’s exactly what we need to be considering.”
“What?” I challenged.
“A social trip,” she countered.
Lowering my defenses a bit, I was still aggravated and confused. “I’m afraid I’m not following you.” 
Her intensity grew, and I could see that she was determined that I understand her point. “How would you like to be in Tibby’s predicament? How would you like always having to stay home and never getting to go anywhere? How would you unknowingly like your freedom and independence taken away before you even had a chance to exercise it, and then having it forever directed by someone else just because you were unique and different and were ignorant of the pleasures of freedom and independence? Didn’t you just hear what he said about Zeke and Ma?”
Straightaway, as I began to calculate what she was saying and rearranging the words to my own form of understanding, she made a crescendo conclusion. “Tibby is still his own person!”
I sat back, flat against my chair, as if I had been forcibly pushed—a kind of direct impact result as I faded into thought. Sam was so right. Suddenly, I realized that I had failed because of seeing Tibby as something other than a person, albeit a child-like character, but never a person in the true sense of the word. A wave of guilt swept over me as she bopped me lightly on the arm and recaptured my attention. “Am I making any sense?” 
“Yes … yes, Sam … you are making very good sense—much more than I had observed for myself, and quite honestly, I’m ashamed about it.” I must have shown the amplitude of my discomfiture in my expression because she got up and put her arm around me consolingly.
“Look, I’m not trying to put you on any guilt trip. I know it wasn’t something you did on purpose—it’s something that happens within the best of intentions through concern of protection and anonymity. We still know that Tibby cannot be known of, at all. But from this perspective, neither can we fail to consider the rights and feelings he deserves, despite the fact he’s not aware of them.”
Moved by Sam’s conviction and her line of reasoning, I took her hand in mine and told her she was right. “I want you to know, not only do I believe in what you are saying, but I’m glad for what you have on the inside that made it possible to give it. Thanks, I honestly appreciate it.” 
“Well, I thank you for your insight too, Toby. It takes a good man to admit that. You are my cause of inspiration.” She seemed touched by my humility and I sensed that her respect for me soared in credit, as did mine for her. We hugged one another with confirmation and then focused back on the issue of anonymity. “I guess we need to come to a new and practical decision of how and when Tibby is presented, depending on the circumstances. But how? That’s the thing—” 
“Yes, absolutely,” Sam confirmed.
“All right, I think we’ve pretty much agreed for now that he should probably render his natural self invisible as the situation determines. Otherwise, it doesn’t matter while we’re together around the home, in the lab, out in the swamp … right?”
“Yes. I think that makes sense. Like you said, invisibility is his best camouflage. But it wouldn’t matter just around us.”
“Right. Then the other concern is to establish an identity for him that helps render him acceptable in the presence of others, one that can’t be refuted. Like the situation tonight when Scooter showed up unexpectedly.” 
“Precisely.”
“And this identity we’re going to consider will also support his presence with us in the average public element … with all varieties, under any conditions, is that right?” 
“Right again,” she agreed. 
“Good grief. That’s not going to be easy. Do you understand—” I sighed heavily—“Do you understand the work we’ll have cut out for us trying to do all of that?”
“Actually, I do. But I can also understand a tremendous benefit to it, not only for Tibby, but for us in the long run, after the training is done, as painstaking as it may be.”
“Well, I must say I’m impressed with your positive outlook. Your tenacity makes a believer out of me. All that’s left to get Tibby started, I guess, is for us to determine the necessary and suitable identity.”
Sam smiled with elation. “Yup, and what’s so great about it is the fact that Tibby is capable of becoming any person we decide he should create.”
“Well, I don’t think there’s any way it can connect to me or stem from my side of the family since everyone around here already knows my genealogy too well, probably better than I do.”
“I don’t think it matters whether he’s posed as a relative or not, right?”
“Well, it would if he’s going to depict a minor. And that probably would be advisable given his true nature.”
“Why does that matter?” 
“Because, how would we explain any of his actual childlike behavior and expression if he was presented as an adult? What if he was, let’s say, twenty or twenty-five years old for example, and suddenly threw a maniac fit for a new toy at the store? How’d you like to try to explain that one? And, if he’s depicted as a minor, how would we explain our not only justified supervision and relationship, but legal custody of him if he’s not introduced as some kind of a relative?”
I could see she was carefully calculating her response. “So, in essence, what you’re saying is … he’s got to be represented and depicted as a relative of … mine?”
“Is there any other way to say it?”
“I—I … guess not,” she stuttered, “but … but—” 
“But what? What happened to all that enthusiasm?”
“Well, it’s still there, but … I don’t know … I just don’t want anything to backfire, either.”
“Didn’t you just have a family get-together last weekend?”
“Yeah, so?”
“Didn’t I hear you say you have a brother and a sister, both of whom are married?”
“Well, no—”
“No?” 
“No, not exactly.” She was obviously dodging the question. 
“What do you mean, ‘no, not exactly’?”
“Well, my sister is the one who is married … but my brother has a girlfriend.”
“Whatever,” I scoffed. “Does your sister have any kids?”
“Um … no.”
“Perfect! Then what’s the problem?”
Cautious and very uncertain, she said, “I don’t think they’re ready to have kids.”
“How long have they been married?”
“Two years, I think.”
“Then they’re ready. And besides, didn’t you say they’re from out of town? Where exactly do they live?”
“Um … Gainesville.”
I pointed at her as if she had disclosed the winning answer to a game show question. “Awesome! That’s up interstate 75, more than three-hundred miles from here. It doesn’t get any better than that, sweetie. I don’t know what you’re so worried about.” Grinning from ear to ear, I was feeling pretty good about how the terms of this ruse was falling into place, right along with my release of certain liabilities and concerns.
Suddenly, with her ever present counter thoughts, Sam asked, “So if he’s going to be my new nephew, how will you explain him being here full time with you when I’m not here?”
My smile quickly disappeared. Although fairly sure she hadn’t been holding back that comment during all this time, I was instantly deflated. “You just had to go and spoil it, didn’t you? Well, that’s a useful piece of information. Why didn’t you mention that earlier?”
“Because I just now thought of it myself.”
“Seems like we’re back where we started,” I said. “But at least you thought of it.”
Sam’s aggravation was as ignited as mine. “This is getting stupid!” 
“We don’t say ‘stupid’,” I instructed her.
“Why not?” 
“Because it’s an ugly word that people get into the bad habit of using and let it get out of control—and to keep children from attaching themselves to it, it shouldn’t be used by adults—so we don’t say ‘stupid.’”
She smirked at me. “You’ve just said it, twice.”
“Oh, don’t be obtuse,” I said with a grin.
Her little smirk quickly flipped around to a scowl. But she knew I was playing with her and gave no response to it. She stood up with a more serious expression and started to clean and straighten around in the kitchen while she spoke, thinking out loud. “Why does his character necessarily have to be a relative anyway? Lots of people leave their kids with their friends. Besides, if you just make up an imaginary friend, then you don’t have to worry about anyone trying to nose around behind your back to research about them, or attempt to secure any background on them, because they wouldn’t exist. The only thing we’d have to worry about is the information Tibby would have to remember in order to play out his role accurately to fulfill that illusion.”
It was hard to believe my ears. I was stunned as she delivered this absolutely perfect solution that was needed all along. “Now, you see, there’s yet another useful piece of information. Why didn’t you go ahead and mention that idea in the first place?”
“Because, I just now thought of it … maybe.”
With excitement and appreciation for her brilliant solution, and to amuse myself, I smiled and said, “Once again, very good, Sam, I’ve obviously trained you well.”
With casual and structured tolerance, she said, “Apparently, this idea is something that you think we can use?”
“Oh, yes. Aside from the training issues with Tibby and the necessary precautions, I’ve already thought of some immediate possibilities. First, I think I’ll create a file—some kind of dossier, you know … documentation. That’ll help us maintain a record and keep some order and consistency to the character. A kind of do’s and don’ts.” 
When she said she thought that was a good idea, it seemed as though we had reached a viable status—a point of reasonable success regarding the determinations and source for structuring Tibby’s character—and I felt a little excitement building in me. “Now we need to begin to establish the actual character himself, the ‘alter ego.’”
Sensing my enthusiasm, Sam became encouraged and excited too, and quickly sat back down at the table with me to share and discuss the possibilities. “So how do we go about deciding that?”
“Well, I think we have to have a template of sorts, making a list of basics to go by.” 
“Yes! I totally agree.” She literally squeaked with delight and scooted her chair closer to lay her arms on the table, leaning forward, alert and ready for serious business. Our connection of anticipation was like electricity crackling in the air. My mind shifted into high gear and I scooted my chair closer to hers.
“I think it would help if there was an example character we could come up with that Tibby could emulate, but we’d have to carefully introduce the subtle changes needed so that the character wouldn’t show any direct replication. No one else should be able to pick up on anything—no connections whatsoever, you know what I mean?” 
“Yes, yes … kind of like selecting and choosing a variety of things from different sources that help to construct a complete and ideal character.” I nodded in agreement, quite impressed. “Precisely … well said.” This was becoming all the more exciting the more we progressed.
“A ‘Mr. Potato Head’ scenario,” she concluded.
I laughed at her unique simile and stared off in the distance, instantly envisioning that literal application. “Sam, you certainly have a vivid imagination.”
“Well, it isn’t all about science, now is it?” she boasted.
We continued to share ideas back and forth as to the possibilities and types, having a little fun with it by creating, molding, and changing features and combining characteristics, determining suitable options based on age, actual personality—even to consider our environment here in the swamp. Suddenly, we were both startled when a little boy stepped into the entry of the kitchen, and I literally jumped in my seat. “Great scott! Who are you?”
He stood there slightly to one side, staring quietly. He was a little guy, appearing to be somewhere between five and six years old. He had unevenly cut golden brown hair, stunning blue eyes, and a perfectly arranged amount of freckles across the bridge of his nose and cheeks. He was barefoot and dressed in a pair of tattered bib overalls, a plaid shirt with the sleeves unevenly rolled up on each arm, and a farmer’s straw hat. Sam was alarmed, but had a sparkle in her eyes as she stood up, stepped over to the child and reached one arm out, coaxing him with a loving, female-nurturing gesture. Speaking in calm, receptive tones, she said, “Hi, honey …” The little boy took her hand, allowing himself to be led to the table where we were sitting. “What’s your name?” she asked.
He softly and timidly replied, “Tom.”
Sam sat back down and lifted him onto her lap gingerly, momentarily looking at me with a question-mark face, then turned her attention back to the boy and asked, “Uh, Tom who?”
With innocence, the little boy looked up at her and said, “Tom Sawyer.” Then, quick as a wink, he swiftly reached up and grabbed her nose, squeezed it twice, and with a familiar change of voice hollered, “Honk-honk! Surrise!”
Totally shocked and taken off guard, Sam instinctively let go of the boy and rose to her feet as he slid off her lap and was left standing on the floor. She grabbed her nose with both her hands to somehow console or hide the violation that he’d committed, and said, “Oh—oh, you little snot, you.” By this time, I had already made the logical deduction and was enjoying the terrific hoax we had just been subjected to. At the same time, the “little boy” let out with a characteristic chipmunk-like laugh over his orneriness. Tibby’s character was so genuine and believable that neither of us detected it until he blatantly disclosed it himself.
Sam’s eyes instantly widened over the top of her hands, which were guarding her nose as she came to full awareness. “Tibby, you little cuss! Ooh, I’m going to get you for that.” Obviously, she was now seething over the “insult of the injury.” Formerly unaware of Tibby’s identity and being the victim of his pun, I followed as she took off, chasing him into the living room while he was still in the character of “Tom Sawyer.” She lunged, sidestepped, and pursued with the grandest of effort. Tibby dodged, avoided, and eluded her every attempt, tauntingly staying barely out of her reach. “I hate for my nose to be grabbed like that,” she shouted. That was probably a big mistake on her part for letting that piece of “choice and personal” information be publicly known, and I knew I’d never forget it, either.
Tibby thoroughly enjoyed this kind of game. Given the advantages he has, who wouldn’t. The only reason it didn’t continue any longer than it did was because Sam started getting tired and her mood had begun to soften slightly over Tibby’s behavior during their cat-and-mouse antics. Every time she would get close, Tibby would stealthily “zip” out of reach, offering singular quips like, “Nope,” “Oops,” “Missed,” with every attempt she made. He easily evaded each and every grab and snatch, giggling and chattering over her futile efforts, causing her to become fumingly amused after her repeated and failed attempts before ultimately becoming sedate. After all the commotion was over and she had reconciled her discontent, Tibby had morphed back to his natural self and we sat down together on the living room couch to rest and talk about all that had occurred.
“Tibby, I have once again failed in keeping you involved in the situation. Here Sam and I went around and around in discussion trying to figure out what person you should pretend to be, and you walked right up and solved it—at least I think so.” Moving my chair around the table, I pulled him from across Sam’s lap and onto my own and hugged him lovingly. “I guess I’m making a habit out of apologizing to you for things after the fact, aren’t I?” I turned him around to face me and added, “You’re not going to give up on me, are you?”
“No, no, I would never give up on you, Toby,” he said as he hugged me back. “You are always my best winner.”
Sam held her arms out for Tibby to lean over as she affectionately and adoringly squeezed him, making her own necessary amends. “I need to apologize and give you a hug too, because I was just as guilty as Toby.”
Only slightly clued in, I was most curious to hear Tibby’s explanation for how he calculated his spectacular choice of presentation. “Tibby, how in the world were you able to come up with that little boy character you picked out … watching a movie about Tom Sawyer I’d be willing to bet?”
Tibby’s eyes lit up and he said with awe, “Oooh, yes-yes, Toby, that was it exactly, how did you know?”
I looked over to give Sam a sly wink. “Let’s just call it an educated guess.”
“Yup-yup, it was from a movie. You are a very good guesser, Toby.”
Further inquiry proved to reveal that at some point recently, Tibby had watched the classic 1938 David O. Selznick production of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, the immortal character created in the 1876 novel by Mark Twain. In this rendition, it was Tommy Kelly who played the main character and was chosen out of a nationwide search and was heralded to be one of the best portrayals in film, stage, and television. Beyond some notably changed facial features Tibby made, there was also the exception of a modified hair color and style which cleverly resonated closer to today’s era and hair style of little boys. Still curious, I had to ask, “What made you decide on the blue eyes and the freckles?”
“Mmm, I think blue eyes are more pretty and rare, and freckles are … umm … the all-American boy.” He raised a finger in the air, like he was punctuating a political slogan.
Surmising, I decided he had picked all this up through various kinds of media sources, but I didn’t pursue it because it didn’t matter. Basically, he was right about it, and that’s all that mattered. The bottom line was that he made the winning choice all by himself, which I found extraordinary.
Sam glanced at the clock, noticing the time. “Oh my goodness, I had no idea it was this late. I have to be going, guys. Tomorrow’s going to be a big day. But before I go, Tibby, I’d like to see your little boy adaptation … will you do your conversion again, please?”
“Yeah, I’d like to see it again too,” I said as I lowered Tibby to the floor. Ever willing to comply with being the center of attention—there was no mistaking his traditional childish traits of exhibitionism—he used his ability of physical conversions to instantaneously transform his body into a whirling vapor, simulating the exact movements of an orbital electron configuration and “whisping” into a different being altogether. And once again, he produced the most suitable, picture perfect, handsome little country boy you could ever hope to see.
Sam squealed with girlish delight and hurriedly grabbed him up, squeezing him firmly. “Isn’t he just a doll? I can’t believe it, I just can’t believe it. Tibby, you’re perfect. You’re exactly what you need to be. This is so great—” she squealed again with satisfaction. “Oh, Toby … isn’t this great?”
I thoroughly delighted in watching Sam’s response and listening to her enthusiasm, glowing over Tibby the way she did. I couldn’t blame her. Tibby was as cute as he could be. At that young age, one could justifiably say that his choice of persona made him the “prettiest” little boy ever seen—he was that good looking. I shared my endorsement. “You did an awesome job, Tibby. You truly made an excellent choice there. You’re quite a handsome little man.”
“Thank you, Toby,” he responded in the voice of his character. 
The sound of his little boy voice made Sam squeal with pleasure and affection all over again. Grinning, I turned to her and nodded with appreciation. “This is going to be a great role for him. You’re right, it is perfect.”
After her making over Tibby’s newly embraced persona, Sam gave us each a parting kiss goodnight and started for the door. “Bye sweeties … thanks for the pizza and all the fun.” Then she stopped, turned around, and thrust both her fists up and down together and said, “This is so cool … I can’t wait to get back here tomorrow.” 
Tibby spoke my thoughts as we fondly watched Sam drive away, and he sighed longingly. “I love Sammy …”
“Me too, lil’ buddy … me too.” I stared off, momentarily enrapt. Given the hour, I focused my attention back to the basic and needy things at hand. I dutifully turned to Tibby and told him, “OK, here’s the deal. If you take a bubble bath and play in the tub for awhile, then that’s it, you’re done. After that, it’s time for bed. If you take a regular bath, with no playing, then you can watch some TV when you get done. So, which is it going to be?”
He put a finger to his lips with contemplation and said, “Mmmm, I’ll take the regular bath and watch-TV option, please.”
“All right, it’s a deal, but only if you do a good job washing—no stinky Tibbys allowed here.” I reached down and tickled him, playfully magnifying my point while following him into the hall bathroom. After I got him started on his bath, I finished a few things in the kitchen, prepared the coffeemaker, and started a load of laundry, which had been piling up. After Tibby finished bathing, he wrapped himself up in his uzzy blanket and I let him watch a little more TV to keep him occupied while I took my shower. Afterward, I told him it was time for bed. “We probably ought to get up a little earlier in the morning, because there might be some special things to do.”
He turned off the TV and said, “Oh-boy. What special things are we going to do, Toby?”
“Let’s make it a surprise. But we have to go to bed now, so tomorrow will get here quicker, OK?”
He hunched over slightly, closed his hands into fists and lightly clapped them together several times under his chin, softly saying, “Oooh, a surrise for meee.” Oddly, he began playing a sample of the thirty-second Jeopardy theme song, “Think,” as he grabbed his uzzy. Hooding himself with it, he hopped like Tigger, making “springy” noises in perfect rhythm all the way to his sofa. I had no earthly idea what the combination of that was supposed to mean, but it was way too late to get into any discussion about it. I simply decided to lay that question aside for another time as I tucked him in for the night and kissed him on the forehead.
“Goodnight, lil’ buddy, I love you.”
“Goodnight, Toby, I love you too.”
<><><> CHAPTER 10 <><><>
Tibby’s Great Surprise
“TIBBY!” I SNAPPED. “Come on now, get up. Let’s go, let’s go. We have to get going.”
He slowly rolled over on his side away from my direction and pulled his pillow around his head like a muff. “Oooh, why-for?”
“Because we’ve got a lot to do today and we need to get an early start—do you hear me?”
Later, when I found him still in bed, I had to rouse him again to start getting himself ready for the day. That’s when he decided to press his luck a bit. With a long, loud yawn he rolled back, stretched himself, and said, “I need you to pick me up and carry me to the bathroom, please.”
With domestic reflex, I yanked his covers off. “No, I’m not going to carry you to the bathroom. I can thump your head for you instead, how would that be? Now get up, silly boy.” I folded the covers, which is supposed to be part of his morning duty, but I was in a hurry. Once again, heritable instinct kicked in as I expressed myself exactly like my father would have, with a mocking threat. I smiled to myself over using the same voice inflection. Actually, it’s Tibby’s introduction and involvement in my life that I have to thank for getting in touch with those memories and “fatherly habits.” It restored a satisfying tradition. After Dad passed away, I had developed a mental block about everything to hide my pain, and in the process I locked up those important instincts and memories. Thanks to Tibby, they’d been set free. Now I could use expressions and mannerism from my dad to help develop Tibby’s life the same way they helped me—with certain necessary modifications.
Tibby begrudgingly dragged himself to the bathroom to brush his teeth and wash his face while I made my way back to the kitchen to pour our coffee. As required, I was careful to select the all-important John Deere cup of choice for him because I didn’t want to get the day started off wrong. By the time I had finished adding the preferred amounts of sweetener and creamer, Tibby was at the table, ready for his coffee, which I set before him. “Good morning, big guy. How about if we have a quick and easy breakfast? I’m going to have toast with my coffee. Would you like some toast, or would you rather have Froot Loops for breakfast?”
“Um, I’d like one piece of toast with some Froot Loops, please.”
“All righty, I’ll fix that up for you right now.” 
Isn’t it like the mind of a child who would not take one option or the other, but combine the two, simply because they hear two selections? If it was anyone other than Tibby, it might have mattered, but he’ll always eat whatever he asks for. Besides, that was an easy order to fulfill. I was glad he didn’t suggest a more complicated choice that would have me doing any actual cooking this morning.
“Tibby, would you like some strawberry jelly on your toast?”
“Oh, yes, please. It is my favorite. Its yummy-yummy-in-my-tummy, and it doesn’t squirt across the table like the applesauce does when I bite the toast.”
“Uh-huh, I know it—I’m glad for that.” I gave a subtle reaction as I hustled to get the toaster out and his breakfast started and over with. 
With his unfailing memory, he took a bite of toast and asked, “Um, what is the surrise for me today, Toby?”
“Well, you’re nearly finished with your breakfast, so after you finish it all up, I’ll take you outside and show you. That’ll be more fun and a whole lot easier, OK?”
Satisfied with that prospect, he smiled and started swinging his legs. “Okey-dokey, Toby.” This also helped him to finish his breakfast quicker, thus avoiding the various fun and games with the Froot Loop cereal he had invented during his introduction to them last week. I was thankful for that. After breakfast Tibby and I cleaned up in the kitchen. He had actually become quite dependable in that respect.
I headed outside with Tibby right on my heels, and we had barely stepped off the porch when Sam drove up. We paused momentarily, giving her time to get out of her car and make her way over to us. Before any general salutations could be exchanged, Tibby excitedly reported, “Sammy, Sammy, hurry, Toby has a surrise!”
Sam exaggerated her expression to one of “over-amazement” for Tibby’s benefit, and then repeated, “A ‘surrise,’ huh?” She set her backpack down on the porch and grabbed Tibby up to give him a hug, at the same time hugging me around the waist with her free arm and giving me a reserved peck on the cheek. “Good morning there, sweetie.”
I returned the same modest gesture. “Good morning, Sam. You could have slept in, you know, and come in later when you felt like it.”
“Oh, that’s all right. I woke up at my regular time, so it didn’t matter. But thanks just the same. Here, I went shopping on my way home and picked up some clothes and shoes for Tibby.”
“Aw, hey, that’s great. I didn’t even think of that, I appreciate it. Look, Tibby.”
Sam shared the things she had brought and Tibby oohed and aahed and thanked her for them over and over. “These are just right for me!” 
“OK, Toby, so, what’s the big ‘surrise’?” Sam asked.
“Well, you’re just in time. Come on, I’ll help carry your stuff.”
Tibby and I resumed our walk with Sam bringing up the rear. He was like a little kid—right on my heels and keeping pace with me in double strides, all the while rattling off one question after another, boiling over with excitement and anticipation. I made no specific indication one way or another, except to give him provisional, consoling answers as he and Sam followed me to the barn.
Up to now I hadn’t any excuse to come out here in longer than I could remember. The main reason was because I wasn’t completely sure I was ready to unveil effects of the past due to the association it had with my Dad. But now my respect for tradition was building an urge in me to resume certain behavior—to take action, take back control with an understanding that life goes on. Given how quickly it had been appreciably changed, I decided it was time, and that I was ready. I was excited about it too.
I stood in front of the barn holding the large sliding barn door. To add drama to the special unveiling, I turned to Tibby and Sam with a deliberate pause to build excitement. With a slight crescendo in my voice, I said, “Are you guys ready?” Tibby was grinning from ear to ear, holding his hands together under his chin. He didn’t know what to say, just nodded with anticipation. I slid the door all the way and the bright morning sunshine spilled into the barn, revealing its contents. There, glistening in the brightness was the legendary “Swamp Buggy.”
Tibby gasped, “Oooh, you bought me a lawn tractor.”
Sam blurted a laugh and I turned to Tibby with my face twisted up, slightly insulted. “It’s not a lawn tractor, it’s not even a tractor—it’s my swamp buggy, for Pete’s sake!” I stepped around and began removing the tarps to fully reveal the awesome creation, then instinctively connected and switched on a battery charger.
Tibby childishly complemented, “Oooh, look Sammy, its Pete’s swamp buggy … isn’t it wonderful?” Awestruck, he walked around the buggy totally mesmerized with the overwhelming artifact, touching and rubbing it with care and appreciation.
Even Sam seemed awestruck by what she saw. “Oh my gosh, this thing is too cool!” 
“Yeah, this is too cool,” Tibby echoed.
Sam walked around it, gazing. “How come you never said anything about this monster or showed it to me before? Where in the world did you even get something like this?”
“Are you kidding? I didn’t ‘get it’ anywhere. Dad and I built this, custom, from the ground up. This was the result of nearly a two-year special project he came up with because of the increased difficulty he had in trying to rely on a standard four-wheel-drive in the deeper, wetter areas of the swamp.”
Astounded by my comment, Sam helped me remove the tarps and fold them. “You guys built it? That’s remarkable. Your dad sure did a professional job. Was it meant to replace whatever you guys were driving before?”
“Oh, yeah. Back in the day when I was little, Dad had an old 1953 army surplus Jeep, an M-38A1 to be exact. A three-speed with a little four-banger gas engine that had been bored out so many times it had to be sleeved to be rebuilt. We even painted it the original Army green with a big star on the hood. It was such a classic. It was a blast.”
Sam quickly interjected, “You mean back when you were a little general?”
It was a playful jab, but I found it funny. “Ha, yeah, exactly—I hadn’t thought of that. Boy, I sure loved that thing. Dad used that Jeep for years to get around everywhere, doing work for people, pulling logs and stumps, hauling, towing stuff, going to Zeke’s for supplies and groceries. It was a tough little 4x4. I used to love riding in it with him. It had its own little safety bar on the dash to hold onto, right in front of the passenger seat. For trying to go deeper into the more swampy parts of our property, we were spending as much time getting it unstuck as we did getting around in it.”
“So he instantly came up with this idea?” She gestured at the swamp buggy.
“Well, not exactly. What happened was, after Dad finally decided we needed something stouter, more capable, he looked and looked, but there wasn’t anything commercially available that suited what he wanted. Conventional 4x4s were very expensive and no more capable. The bigger military trucks were way too big and heavy, even though they had certain necessary options. Then he got his idea from the Big Monster Truck craze. He decided we would build our version using that same concept—a huge, lifted 4x4 with two-and-a-half-ton military axles with four-wheel steering and huge and oversized, seventy-inch-tall cleated tires mounted on custom bright orange painted rims that supported a strong, lightweight, polished aircraft aluminum framework welded like an open- rail dune buggy chasse. It’s twelve-feet high, with seating for six people, including the driver, and a massive cargo space. We mounted aircraft landing lights for off-roading at night, and a twelve-thousand-pound Warn winch on the front.” 
Staring at it from a different perspective, I added, “At first glance, by the inexperienced eye, I guess it does look like some kind of a tractor.” 
Tibby piped up in his own defense saying, “Yup-yup, see … I telled you it looked like a tractor, huh?”
I raised a finger signaling my emphasis, and continued. “Right, but the engine—this engine—is certainly one that your average tractor doesn’t have. In fact, this is an engine that nobody around here has, except maybe someone who has racing boats and stuff like that. This is a racing marine engine, a special-built 460-cubic-inch Ford V-8, bored and honed to a 501, yielding almost 600 horsepower.”
“Oooh, a marine engine.” Tibby immediately stood to attention and shouted, “Ten-Hut!” And he saluted the frontend of the swamp buggy where the engine was located.
“Not that kind of marine, you goof.”
“What exactly is a marine engine?” Sam asked.
“A marine engine is uniquely designed and built to adapt and withstand the harsh conditions found in marine applications. Essentially, it’s a boat motor. Some of the most notable differences include the exhaust system, the cooling system, the electrical system, fuel and lubricating system. Other things, like the heads, cam, and all the gaskets are usually changed too. Then, everything subject to corrosion that could be substituted is replaced with stainless steel— everything from the oil pan to every nut and bolt possible. Items with less stress values were substituted with aluminum parts. With this mounting configuration and its exposure, and all the splashing and sloshing around, here in the swamp Dad figured we ought to go all the way in making it as water resistant as possible. So we added this custom catch-pan bolted underneath the motor and transmission. That way, if there’s ever a leak of some kind, nothing harms the environment.”
Responding as if none of that criterion held any significance, Sam asked, “So, is it fast?”
“Fast?” I scoffed a bit. “Oh yeah, it’s fast all right. Faster than what is safe to travel in any of the conditions around here, I can tell you that!”
Sam continued to stroll around the buggy with interest and curiosity, touching different parts of it as she walked, continuing her inspection. Then with perfect timing, she asked, “Exactly what inspired you to suddenly unveil the swamp buggy?”
Sensing she was being cryptic and had something else on her mind, I paused for a moment to decide precisely how to answer her question. “Oh … no sudden unveiling … really. It’s just that Scooter asked me about it last night, remember? Actually, Zeke had asked me about it a week ago. And since I don’t have Claude to help me tow the boat back here, it’ll slide right inside the buggy’s cargo space, sticking out the back just a little. Besides, I figured it was past time to get this thing out of storage and blow the cobwebs out of it.”
Undeterred, Sam tweaked her mouth to the side and mimicked me, “‘Blow the cobwebs out of it’?”
“Yeah, that means—”
Sam interrupted, “Yeah, yeah, I know, I know what that means. I have a brother and a brother-in-law, remember? But I’m also curious as to what else is related to your sudden decision to use this contraption?”
“What? You mean, like, other reasons?” I was trying to play it as cool as I could since I still wasn’t totally sure where she was going with all this.
She nodded, “Uh, yeah, ‘other reasons.’” 
“I’m not sure, but I think there’s something on your mind—”
“Toby, there are half a dozen seats up there on that thing.”
“Yeah, no kidding, I did help build it, you know.” Raising her eyebrows into peaked arches, she leaned forward and rolled her hand in the air, motioning me to continue revealing additional information she seemed to think I was withholding. I kept following her eyes on the seating arrangement of the buggy and then I exaggerated an epiphany.
“Ooh, I see. The number of seats … yeah, sure, I get it now. You’re perhaps making a subtle reference to your proposition … last night in the kitchen—of the uh, uh, what was it? Ah, yes, ‘social trip.’ Is that right? And my demonstrations are in some way, if not completely, obviously related to that suggestion you made—being done consciously, or unconsciously. Is that what you’re alluding to?”
Sam cleverly fired back one of the pet responses I’m always using on her. “Is there any other way to say it?”
I pretended to be pondering it over in my mind, rolling my eyes with feigned concentration as if searching for the most abrupt cancelling retort I could think of. “Well, sure.”
Her smug display of confidence and surety melted, replaced by a look of alarm. “What?”
I turned up the heat and quipped, “Sure, that you’re completely wrong.” 
She stomped her foot on the ground. “Toby … you’re telling a story!” I started laughing at her and then she lunged and chased after me, trying to swat me as I dodged and side-stepped her a couple of times, hollering and laughing over my teasing her and making her go through all of those needless histrionics.
Finally out of breath from laughing so hard, I raised both hands in surrender and admitted to her, “OK, OK let’s stop … I give up. Yes, yes, you’re right. I think it would be excellent for us all to go get the boat together—and the best, most logical way to accomplish that is by taking the swamp buggy.”
“And?” Sam obviously was not going to lay her issue to rest until I gave her complete and exclusive credit for her influence. “And my inference is totally and wholly inspired by your credible contribution and implausible influence last night.” Then I let the gross sarcasm fly, bowing with each statement, waving my arm before me each time, declaring with drawn-out announcement, “It is all you—it is thanks to you. You get all the credit. I had nothing to do with it. I don’t even know why I was there, my presence being a mere token of representation. Obviously I serve no purpose, other than to be close by to agree with and support everything you say and do with ecstatic joy and fervor. I cower at your feet. I tremble at your presence. I treasure and worship the very air of which you respire!” 
“All right, knock it off. You’re spreading it too thick and it’s losing its savor.”
I smiled slyly, bowed lowly, and said in softer tones, “Yes, my lady … as you wish my lady … again you are right, my lady.”
Feigning a scowling expression and trying to keep from smiling over my banter, she decided to play into it. “OK, Jester, you no longer amuse me, and I grow weary of thy folly and blather. What of this contraption, and how dost thou ‘blow the cobwebs out’ thereof?”
Meanwhile, during all this exchange, Tibby had been climbing all over the buggy, investigating everything he could. There probably wasn’t anything that he hadn’t tinkered with. He finally ended up in the driver’s seat and pushed the horn button, making us jump out of our skins from the unexpected blast, abruptly resetting our awareness. 
He moved to and fro, laughing like the devil over his spontaneous cheap prank. “That’s the horn, huh?”
“Yeah! That’s the horn, huh,” I mimicked as I made a face. “Please don’t do that again—and you need to get out of the driver’s seat before you do something else goofy. Come on, Sam, climb aboard over here.” Using the welded tubular framework and structure of the buggy along with the cleats on the tire as a ladder, I guided her climb up onto the deck and she buckled into one of the seats. “Good grief! This thing’s so tall.” 
I handed up her gear, then removed the charger cables from the battery and turned it off, rolling it back out of the way before I climbed up with the two of them. I hoped the battery had enough power in it to fire up the long dormant engine. Once aboard, I made a quick walk around the deck of the buggy to make sure there were no loose items, stowed Sam’s gear, then checked my inventory of towlines, rope, tackle, and confirmed I had the right number of ratchet straps to hold the boat tightly underneath for the return trip.
After checking that Sam and Tibby were properly buckled in, I strapped into the driver’s seat. “OK, here we go … I hope the battery doesn’t give out and that we have enough gas to get there.” I turned the key in the on position to first observe the panel as the gauges and information lights came on, along with a buzzer. “All right, so far, so good.” I turned the key and the starter jumped and groaned painfully as it slowly turned the big V-8. I only let it turn over a few times before I stopped.
“What’s wrong with it?” Sam asked with female impatience. “It’s not broke is it?”
Broke? I decided not to respond to that. “Well, for one thing, it’s sat for quite a long time and the battery is low. Other than that, I hope it’s nothing serious, but there are a lot of things that could be wrong. I’m hoping the gas gets back into the lines before the battery gives out—we’ll see here. Let me hit it again.” I turned the key to the start position. Again the huge engine slowly turned over before it kicked off and fired for a quick moment and then sputtered and jerked to a stop.
Tibby was as tense as a spring, with his fists tightly clinched in anticipation.
“That was close, was that good?” Sam asked.
“Well, it’s a good sign, but it’s still not running yet. Let’s give it one more try.”
I hit the starter yet a third time, turning the engine over slower than before, quickly wearing the battery down. Suddenly, the engine caught and burst to life with a roaring bellow. The whole buggy shook with its awesome torque as I hit the accelerator a couple of times. The concussion of the earsplitting exhausts blasted from the open chromed headers, pounding underneath the deck like huge bass drums and filling the barn with a deafening thunder.
Tibby immediately unbuckled himself and jumped straight up in his seat, jetted his arms into the air, reared his head back and shouted, “It survived—it survived! Ha-ha-ha-haaa!” He was mimicking the same psychotic laugh and catchphrase of the mad scientist in the 1931 classic movie production of Frankenstein. Sam was frantically trying to get him back into his seat where he belonged. 
I couldn’t help but be amused over his improv. Meanwhile, I was busy keeping an eye on the most important gauge at that moment—the oil gauge—and the pressure it indicated was right up there where it needed to be. That was a relief. I sure didn’t want to lock up the motor, for heaven’s sake. The next most important gauge was the volt meter, and it was showing that the battery was taking a full charge, so that was good too, but I was afraid it might need to be replaced. The last gauge told me I had plenty of gas to get to Zeke’s after all. 
“OK, crew, hold on. I want to ease it out of the barn and get us away from all this carbon monoxide we’re putting out.”
Sam nodded and Tibby mimicked her, nodding with a double rate of enthusiasm as he grinned from ear to ear. Then he bopped Sam on the arm to get her attention, held one hand to the side of his mouth to direct his voice. “That’s C-O,” he said with directive.
Sam was puzzled. “What’s C-O?” 
“Carbon monoxide,” Tibby explained.
Rocking her head with disdain, Sam responded with a who-cares expression on her face. “Okaaay, goodie-goodie.”
Not knowing any different, Tibby contently sat there grinning and swinging his legs back and forth with tutorial satisfaction. Sam was a bit riled, having again been advised and instructed by an adolescent who wasn’t the least aware of nor affected by her sarcasm. 
I finally turned back around and pulled the gear selector of the automatic transmission into “drive,” increased the pressure of my foot on the accelerator, and heard the engine RPMs increasing exponentially as the drivetrain of the buggy pulled itself forward out of the barn. Once outside, I put it in park and locked down the brakes, letting the motor run while I unbuckled to step back to Sam and Tibby.
“What’s up?” Sam asked.
“We probably need Tibby to go incognito.”
“Absolutely, but we never came up with a name, or history, causes, reasons, stuff like that.”
“Well, the code name for his alter ego character is still going to be Sawyer. That’s how he will know to change if he already hasn’t, but only the three of us should ever know about that.” They both nodded. “For less confusion, we’re still going to call him Tibby, as it will ideally serve as a nickname for the given name, Tiberius.”
Tibby was elated. “Neat-o, just like Captain Kirk!”
Sam said, “Yeah, that is a pretty cool idea. Kinda nerdy, but it works out OK. So what’s the last name going to be?”
“Well, after some research, I decided on a statistically popular surname to make it more difficult to trace any specific history. How about Davis? It was at the top ten of the most popular, and I thought about Martin for the middle name, also from the same list.”
“Tiberius Martin Davis,” Sam repeated. “And he’s still called Tibby for short?”
“Right,” I concluded with optimism.
Sam smiled. “Well, I think your being able to come up with that was pretty clever, especially when you consider the difficulty of the Tibby nickname.”
“Thank you,” I said with a grin about the compliment.
“What about all other issues?”
“Yeah, well … I think we’ll have to work those out as we go. Tibby, you have to be careful not to talk too much. Pretend to be shy, and wait for me and Sam to help answer questions for you first. Basically, you need to agree with everything as we go along, OK?”
He nodded reassuringly. “Okey-dokey, Toby.” As prompted, he then morphed into his Sawyer character and there sat the newly conjured person of Tiberius Martin Davis, aka, “Tibby”—the cutest little alien boy you ever saw.
I didn’t concern myself then as I should have with some of the potential issues that could have been amplified. Given Tibby’s powers, I figured I could tell him to brainwash away any mistake we might make; only if absolutely necessary, of course. Besides, I was kind of excited about driving the swamp buggy and getting on our way. 
While Sam put the socks and shoes on Tibby that she’d brought, I walked back to one of the on-board lockers and extracted three riding helmets for us to wear. “Here, you guys, we have to wear these helmets. Not only is it safer, but it helps protect your hearing too. Put these on and then give me the thumbs-up signal when you’re ready to go.”
After returning to my seat, strapping in, and donning my own helmet, I turned around to check on Sam and Tibby, who gave me their thumbs-up signal. Gunning the motor quickly a couple of times, I put it into drive, let the brake loose, and laid into the gas pedal for a quick burnout.
Wow! The engine roared aggressively, boasting its power and authority, and memories of being in the swamp buggy with Dad flooded my brain. The buggy’s four huge cleated tires broke the ground slightly when I gave it a quick acceleration, which reminded me not to overdo it since this was my first time out in such a long while. As fond as I am with this “contraption,” as Sam calls it, I have only one criticism concerning it, solely due to my given profession, and that is the damage it is capable of doing to the environment. 
Dad had selectively plotted and established several permanent trails and pathways while driving that old Jeep here and there on our property, and we were always careful never to be random in our course or to deviate from those paths so as not to drive over and destroy things arbitrarily. Though he wasn’t a naturalist, he always maintained respect and heed to the protection of the subtropical forest and its rightful residents. I can’t think of a single area of nature that Dad didn’t hold in the highest regard. For me, this same respect came by way of inheritance and honor as much as by training, vocation, and good sense, thus enabling me to control my urges and be loyal to the same bonds of conservation. Given what a swamp buggy such as this was capable of, it seemingly encouraged an overpowering, wild temptation and foolish behavior—a “man thing”—not too unlike those two boys in “The Amazing Boat Ride—” and did they ever learn their lesson. I was thinking then about the Irish playwright who once said he could resist everything but temptation. How true that is.
In the drive to Zeke’s, even though I aptly searched out the old familiar Jeep trails to follow, they had become tremendously overgrown. I felt bad about the plant life I was driving over, but at the same time, I thoroughly enjoyed plowing the buggy through it like a tank, hence the guy thing. Still, it was necessary to keep my speed down to a near crawl for concerns of debris in the path, or even a gator making its way from one body of water to another. My other concerns were any new waterways and chuck holes that might have resulted since last being traveled. The thick, subtropical overgrowth and foliage had all but taken back the ground, closing off and eliminating practically all trace of the pathway my Dad and I had regularly traveled for so many years. Although I was relying greatly upon memory, all went pretty well. The more we proceeded, the more that came back to me. There was a lot of familiar topography I could readily identify, which helped to confirm the direction of these paths, so I had little trouble. This machine did in fact reestablish the roadway in short order, giving no surrender as it felled small trees and crushed a couple of decayed logs and any and all plant growth and rough ground, taking back the trail with the greatest of ease. As Sam had keenly pointed out, it was cool how high we were sitting above the brush line. It enabled us to see in all directions and sure beat hiking and cutting a trail by hand with a machete. 
Fortunately, we suffered no problems or complications along the way. I did have to stop one time to fetch a pair of gloves and climb down to pull a raccoon carcass off the trail so I wouldn’t run over it and get its nasty remains all over the tires or undercarriage. Sure didn’t want to carry that smell with us all day. When I asked Tibby to bring me a folding army surplus shovel out of one of the storage lockers, he immediately fell in love with and had a fit over it. I dug a quick hole, then buried and covered the carrion with as much dirt as was needed to help mask the noisome smell of the putrid flesh. We were soon back on our way and arrived at Zeke’s in no time. I felt pretty good about not once losing my way or veering off course of the old trail.
The roar of this engine coming out of the forest side of the swamp was a familiar sound all these folks were well acquainted with. But as soon as I pulled the buggy into the open area in front of the workshop, I laid into the horn to bring our arrival and presence over the top, just like Dad had always done. 
Scooter was the first to come out, and he was wiping his greasy hands on a shop towel and grinning from ear-to-ear when he hollered in his classic, blaring twang, “Hey, Toby, hey, Samantha!”
After parking and shutting down the buggy, I climbed down first so I could help Sam and Tibby. “Hey to you, Scooter.”
Gesturing to Tibby, he said, “Well, I’ll be … who ya got right here?” 
By this time Zeke was already out of the store and walking down the steps when he hollered his hello. “I see you took my advice and finally drove the swamp buggy.”
Noticing Sam rolling her eyes, I winked back at her when I said, “Well, Zeke, timing is everything.”
He made it to the end of the wooden sidewalk and headed to the workshop, puffing nonstop on his pipe. Once there, he reached out his weathered, knuckled hand for me to shake. “Hey there, Toby, hey, Sam … good to see y’all.” He bent over to Tibby and said, “Well now, who’s this lil’ feller’ you got with ya?”
“Zeke, this is Tibby. His father is uh, a … close personal colleague of mine who is working out of the country for awhile. He’s a single parent, so he asked me if I would mind taking care of Tibby while he was abroad.” 
Zeke straightened up and looked at me pensively through his wire-rimmed glasses for a moment. “Uh-huh … I see.” He turned his attention back to Tibby. “How old are you, young man?”
“I’m five, sir,” Tibby politely replied. Zeke smiled and patted him on the head. “Well, Tibby, you’re a handsome young lad.” Tibby beamed and immediately replied, “Thank you, sir.”
Zeke was pleasingly caught off guard by this demonstration of courtesy and responded with delight, saying, “Hah! Well, let me ask ya somethin’ now. Does a well-mannered little man like you enjoy licorice whips?”
Tibby’s smile diminished as he looked at me with a bit of wavering concern, then at Zeke, then back to me, and asked, “Toby, how could I like a licorice whip? Doesn’t that hurt?”
Immediately I let out with an exaggerated laugh before Zeke could study Tibby’s response too seriously. “Oh, you’ve never had a licorice whip? No, no, it’s candy, lil’ buddy, not to worry.” I was smiling and patting Tibby reassuringly. “Well … I think you ought to go with Sammy and Uncle Zeke here and let him show you, then you can decide for yourself, how about that?” Then I added with a particular emphasis, “It’ll be great … you’ll see.”
Tibby relaxed and said, “Okey-dokey, Toby, thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” I looked to Sam and urgently suggested, “You might want go and watch over him while Scooter and I get the boat loaded. Maybe you can pick out some groceries we might need while we’re here, Oh, before I forget, I definitely need two loaves of bread and two jars of strawberry preserves, OK?”
Sam saluted back. “Okey-dokey, Toby.” 
Zeke and Sam both led Tibby hand in hand back up to the store for some groceries and to make introductions to Ma and to discover licorice while I stayed momentarily with Scooter. I could tell he couldn’t wait for his chance to go into blather-mode. “Boy howdy! Toby, it sure does my heart good ta see ya out ’n about in yer swamp buggy. Everythin’ running all-righty with it?”
“Well, so far so good, Scooter. I need a tank of gas, all the reserve cans filled, and be sure to add some fuel treatment to all of it for me, please.”
“Yessir! You got it! I’ll check right now on that oil too … makin’ sure it’s clean an up ta level.”
“Thanks, I appreciate that.” I looked around. “By the way, where’s my johnboat?”
Scooter threw a thumb over his shoulder. “I got it over there on the other side of the shop, restin’ on top two sawhorses.”
I wasn’t sure what was up with that. “Why … was there a problem?”
Scooter reared up and beamed with pride. “Nope, I lifted ‘em up there all by myself.” 
I smiled. “No, I mean was there something wrong with it that you had to do that.”
Scooter stayed busy with his checking-over of the swamp buggy as we talked. “Nope! It jus’ looked like the bottom hadn’t been sanded and sealed in fer too long. So I yanked it out of the water, dried it, sanded the bottom, and sealed it with three new coats for ya—by myself. She’s a-ready ta go.”
I was not expecting that. “That’s great … what do I owe you for that?”
“Nope! No sir. I done that fer you a lettin’ me use it ta get home an’ all. I was glad ta do it for ya. I uh, well uh, I jus’ felt like I sorta owed it to ya.” He busily unscrewed the oil cap, squinted his eyes during its inspection, smelled of it, then pulled out and checked the dipstick.
“Well, thank you Scooter, that’s mighty kind of you.” I watched as he cleaned the dipstick off between his fingers, rubbed them together quickly and then smelled it too. He is so goofy. 
“Yessir,” he said, “glad ta do it fer ya. Uh, back to your swamp buggy here … this oil ain’t been changed in a while, Toby. It’s a bit sour. It oughta be done, it surely should. An’ I sees there’s a little moisture showin’ inside the cap too. If it’s all-righty, I’d get it done for ya near-bout thirty minutes.”
“You’re probably right. Let’s go ahead and do that. Meantime, I’ll go on up to the store and we’ll load the boat after you’re done. Oh, before I forget, run a test on that battery for me too, will you, please?”
Scooter grinned from ear to ear, and in his classic blasting hillbilly twang, he said, “Yessir! You got it! Yeah, I’ll getter done whiles you’re a-shoppin’. Good ideal—that’s what I’ll do!” 
I chuckled to myself over Scooter’s saying “ideal” instead of “idea,” which was a typical southern expression like his “boy howdy” greeting. “All right, thanks Scooter … see you in a little while.” I had already started moving toward the store and stepped away as quickly as possible, without appearing too obvious, before he found something else to jabber on about. Scooter was a man in his own world. Knowing his true nature, it was amazing to watch him jump to attention in his movements and behavior with fluid precision like any reasonably mentally stable person would. In its own way, it was like watching the kind of morphed conversion Tibby is capable of. I simply smiled with reflection as I turned and walked toward the store with a quickened pace.
<><><> CHAPTER 11 <><><>
The “Social Trip”
ONCE IN THE STORE, I noticed things seemed to be in a normal state of affairs with Ma and Sam talking and putting together a small grocery order that included some special breakfast foods and canned and boxed goods. Zeke was explaining the different candies and treats and their particular history to Tibby when I walked up, and then directed his remarks to me. “Toby, as you can see, this little feller is a terrific fan of strawberry licorice. Do you want to put a half-dozen of these whips on your bill for him?” Tibby’s eyes lit up and he nodded his head to me encouragingly. 
“Sure, that’ll be fine.”
Zeke got up from his stool and walked around to the back of the counter, yanked a piece of wax paper from its holder to grab the whips out of the big jar, and wrapped them to keep from sticking to the paper bag. As he pulled the licorice out of the jar, he nodded to the jar sitting next to it. “This lad seems to know what he doesn’t like too, ‘cause when I opened up the jar of black licorice for him to smell, you should’ve seen the face he made over it. I thought I was gonna crack up.”
My attention rose slightly, and preparing for a potential needed defense, I said, “Yeah, a child’s sense of smell is much more sensitive than adults, isn’t it?”
“Well his must be, ‘cause he surely didn’t want any part of it.” Zeke finished the licorice count, slipped them into the bag and handed them to me. I then thought that any irregularity to Tibby’s behavior had been avoided when Zeke faced back to me with a frown and puzzled look. “What does ‘ood-ood’ mean, by the way?”
I looked past Zeke to Tibby, who dropped the corners of his mouth downward in a classic “oops” expression, then shrugged his shoulders and slid off the chair and skipped over to where Sam and Ma were standing, leaving me to explain things to Zeke. I must have looked puzzled too, so I played on that expression. “Ood-ood? Uh, well, I don’t know, exactly. I haven’t had him for all that long. But I’ll try to remember to ask him to explain it the next time I hear him use it.”
Zeke easily accepted that. For one thing, it wasn’t far from the truth. Then he asked if there was anything else I might want from behind the counter before he walked back around. I told him no. He restuffed his pipe with a preferred fruit-cured tobacco, lit it, and was huffing thick billows of white smoke as he rounded the counter, swirling it all around us. I absolutely loved that smell, so evocative and “deja vu.” During our conversation, I took an opportunity to try to explain any misinformation Scooter may have reported to him and Ma, assuming that Sam and I were “married or just playing house,” as Scooter had indelicately put it.
Zeke saved the situation for me with an unconcerned gesture of his hand, saying, “Aww, shoot! There’s nuthin’ you have ta explain about to us. Your reputation is spotless.” He puffed out a huge cloud of smoke that whorled about his head. “Besides, everybody knows if Scooter’s brain was in a sapsucker’s butt, it’d fly backwards!” My hearty laugh over his gruff but hysterical and unusual use of country wit and vernacular made him chuckle in response. On a more serious note, he dropped his head to look at me sternly over his glasses, which he always did to underscore a point. “Son, you gotta give me an’ Ma a little more credit than that. You should know that we know Scooter a whole lot better’n you do … as far as readin’ in between the lines of everythin’ that boy says. We knew he was rattled and didn’t know anything of what he was talkin’ about and were just thankful that he hadn’t talked to anyone else before he spun his goofy yarn to us. So don’t fret about it.”
I sighed with relief. “Whew, thanks, Zeke, I appreciate it. That makes things a whole lot easier.”
Then he squinted his eyes at me and softly asked, “By the by, Scooter hadn’t mentioned anything to you or Sam about it since y’all been here today, now has he?”
“No, sir. Why do you ask?”
Zeke leaned in with confidence, lowering his voice. “Because—Ma read him the riot act, that’s why! She was so fired up mad at him she told him if he ever talked like a fool like that about folks he didn’t know anythin’ about, ‘specially you, and didn’t even need to be asking about in the first place, she would singe his tongue with a flatiron!”
“Good grief!”
“Yeaaah, whew-wee, she was madder than a boiled owl. It scared the ever-livin’ hockey-doodle right out of Scooter. That’s all right though, it was good for him, and he needed it. Musta made him a believer too, ‘cause he felt so bad afterward, he went out an’ sanded and resealed the bottom of that boat of yours to make it right, by golly!” 
Zeke started to chuckle over the whole situation, and suddenly things started to fall into place. “Oh, I get it now … yeah, he told me that he sanded it and sealed it, but at no charge, for my letting him borrow it. I thought that was kind of unusual and a little, you know, too appreciative.” 
“Well, you just let it alone, and let be what is to be … all right?” Zeke puffed out another cloud of smoke.
“Yes sir, I understand. I’m sure you’re right. Sounds like things are fixed fine just as they are.” I smiled a little as I relaxed. “Boy, you and Ma are something else. I was kinda concerned about all that. I hope you know how much I appreciate both of you.”
Zeke patted me on my shoulder with fatherly care. “Well, we know you do, and we appreciate you too, son. We consider you the boy we never had.”
That gesture and statement was the kindred spirit that I’ve always appreciated about Zeke and Ma. They understand and feel my loss of Dad, and I understand and fill their void. It’s a significant counter exchange that bridges an emotional abyss for both of us. It felt like now was a good time to mention the thing that had really been pressing on my mind and was wanting some answers. “By the way, Zeke, since we’re on the subject, did Scooter happen to mention to you what it was exactly that caused him to end up needing my boat in the first place?”
He nodded. “Oh, yeah, that boy don’t ever hold back about anythin’. He rattled on like his tongue was hinged in the middle and loose at both ends. Are you referring to him running that boat of his up on a cypress knee, or the cause of the same?”
“Well, actually, the cause of the same.”
“Yup, he said you wanted to know if Ma and I knew anything about that.”
He stopped to fiddle with his pipe and its arrangement of tobacco in the bowl, taking an inordinately long pause, keeping me on the edge of my seat. I swear that’s got to be deliberate and not out of habit. Anyway, I was starting to get impatient. “Yeah … and … so?”
He held his pipe by the bowl and pointed the stem at me. “Well … you know all the wild stories you get, and reports that people yammer on about—you’ve lived here all your life. You of all people oughta know that right off the top, forty-nine percent of those stories are straight out lies and another forty-nine percent are senseless notions and superstition. Then there’s one percent that are simple abnormalities of nature, and the last one percent are the things that are for real, but for some reason can’t ever be explained.”
I was thoroughly intrigued by Zeke’s logic and wisdom contained within such a simple, humble country man, and it pulled on my insatiable curiosity. Starving for additional information and details, I prompted him to continue. “Yeah, and … so?” 
“Well, I already knew what Scooter was talking about after he got home, even though he was wound up tighter than a five-string banjo. I swear I thought I was going to have to knock him upside the head to calm him down, he was so hyped up.” 
Returning his pipe to his mouth, he clamped it tight between his teeth like he was done talking so I wasted no time in responding. “So, you say you already knew, but knew what? What did you know?” Becoming excited about the prospects of this personal knowledge and experience, I was getting more and more antsy. 
Zeke held up both hands in a slow-down gesture. “All right now, all right, don’t turn Scooter on me now, son, calm down. All I was going to tell you was, I was already familiar with that curious howling situation because I heard it for myself not too long ago.” He turned to the counter and grabbed something. “Here, I dug this map out of the drawer when Scooter was talking to me about it.” Pulling over an old, small topographical map of our area, he unfolded it and pointed to the location of a main channel close to the southeast bend of my property. “That about where it was?”
I was both surprised and excited. “Yes sir, that’s it all right—you were there?”
“Nope,” he said, and I deflated. “But I was close. Right ‘bout two months back at about the break of spring, I think, me and Elmer went on a fishing trip together over in the channel, purt-near close to there—a little further down where we’d never been before. The fishing was good, and I also noticed a few spots for layin’ out some trotlines. That’s what Scooter was doing there, fetchin’ after my tip.”
I was perplexed. “But, back then you heard it? You heard the howling?”
“Oh, yeah … an’ Elmer heard it too.”
Finally, I felt like we were getting somewhere with this mystery, and I got hyped-up again. “So, what did uncle Elmer have to say about it?”
“Ha! That Elmer—he never took his eyes off the tip of his fishing pole, and with a classic poker face he said, ‘Do you reckon that wife of yours follered us out here today?’” 
Zeke hollered out in laughter, raised his knee and slapped it. “That was the funniest dang thing. We chuckled over that the rest of the day.”
Actually, I did think that was funny, but I had my mind set on getting to the bottom of the issue. “Well, what did you do about the howling?”
“Didn’t do nothin’.”
“You’re kidding me? You weren’t curious? You didn’t even want to go see what it was?”
“Nope.”
“No? Why not?”
“Why? What for? We were fishin’. We didn’t know where it was comin’ from, and it didn’t matter anyway ‘cause we didn’t care. Besides, we figured it was some sick or dyin’ ol’ red-boned hound dog.”
“That’s it?”
“Yup, that’s it!” In conclusion, Zeke huffed out another cloud of smoke. When I gave him a very disappointed and odd expression, he quickly added, “Well, you wanted to know what I knew … there ya go. Now as far as any opinion of it … that’s why I already told you what I did in the first place. It falls into one or the other of those one percent categories. And I think it’s up to a person, such as you, who will have to determine exactly which one it is.”
I thought it curious that Zeke never mentioned anything about Beggar’s Swamp, so I was careful not to say anything, particularly since I wasn’t sure if it was on purpose or not. Maybe he didn’t put it together, or maybe he thought I hadn’t either. Whichever way it was, I decided not to open that controversial subject for any heated debate.
Musing, Zeke smiled broadly and shook his head in reminiscence about the little story he’d finished telling. “That Elmer—he’s sure a hoot!”
“Elmer” was one of Zeke’s five brothers out of eleven children. Although our families weren’t related to one another in any way, we had called them all “Uncle” and “Aunt” ever since I could remember. There was Uncle Fred, the oldest, then Uncle Roy, and of course Uncle Zeke, then Uncle Elmer, then Bob and Henry. All six brothers were close to one another, but Zeke and Elmer had always been the closest because they had so much in common. 
About that time, Tibby ran up to me with his face aglow and excitedly reported, “Toby, they have pizzas!”
I leaned over to him receptively. “I know. All different kinds, huh? Why don’t you have Sammy help you pick out three or four of your favorites to take home if you like, OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby. I will do it.”
Tibby’s cute grandchild-like persona had put a twinkle in Zeke’s eyes and a smile on his face, and he continued to gaze at him after he skipped away. “What’s that boy’s real name?”
Instantly, I was stunned and didn’t know what to do. I thought it was a trap. How in the world did Zeke do it? This was unbelievable. I was torn as to whether I should spill my guts or spin a convoluted anecdote of lies and decided to stall by saying, “Huh … his name?”
Zeke turned his attention back to me and added an additional comment, “I mean, ‘Tibby,’ that’s some kind of a nickname, isn’t it? So, what does it stem from?”
Never had I sighed so heavily with relief in my life. For an instant, I actually thought I’d been had. Finding my composure, and with a pensive expression, I leaned over to Zeke to punctuate confidentiality, and softly explained. “Oh, it’s a nickname for, uh, ‘Tiberius.’”
Zeke quickly drew back and frowned at me with a sour expression. “Yer kiddin’ me! Poor boy, well, no wonder—any kid in school with a name like that would end up gettin’ the snot beat out of ‘em for it. I think we have to keep that bit of information to ourselves.”
I tried not to show I was humored over Zeke’s comments and not his reasoning. I could only say, “Yes sir … I’m sure you’re uh, probably right.”
It was then that Ma signaled her request with a disruptive off-key caw, which terminated our conversation and diverted our attention. She hollered from halfway across the store, “Papa, I need some boxes for these groceries now! Aren’t you gonna do any work ‘round here today?” 
This demonstration served more of a multi-purpose, colloquial behavior. You had to know and understand them and their relationship to discern that Ma wasn’t being rude or nagging. Theirs was one of a constant, disruptive unique balance of chaos, and their exchange of false accusations and personal derision was a type of daily game they practiced. Although Zeke is quite laid back and easy going, he’s still the man in charge and could subdue Ma’s cranky, vociferous behavior with a single look. However, he had more than an open tolerance for his strong willed wife. He knew the value of this straightforward, no nonsense, cash-on-the-barrelhead businesswoman. It was thanks to her tenacity that their little company had been kept alive and running successfully for these many years. To the credit of that joint success, they also nurtured a love and appreciation for one another that had endured the test of time—a true paradigm of marriage.
Zeke gave me an alerting wink when he responded to Ma. “I thought that’s what I had you fer, old woman.”
“I can box your ears for ya—that’s whatcha got me fer—how ‘bout that?” she cawed back. “Now go git them boxes for me, and don’t make me haveta tell ya again, ol’ man.”
This exchange wasn’t a put-on for our benefit. This was simply their way. He’ll say something he knows is going to set her off, and after it works and she screeches about it, he’s happy. But she already knows all too well that this is what he’s doing, and she’s as satisfied and rewarded in giving her gruff response as Zeke is getting to hear it. So they both know what they’re doing, yet they continually play out this little turbulent charade with one another all day—day in, and day out.
It was clear that Zeke was pleased with himself because he gave me a smile of satisfaction as he casually got up. I followed behind as he went and fetched the three banana boxes needed, per Ma’s instruction, to help pack the modest order of groceries that Sam and Tibby had selected. We had finished stacking the grocery boxes onto a two-wheel handtruck, making ready for transporting, when we heard the roar of the engine from the swamp buggy outside. I looked out the window over the top of the grocery shelves. “Well, it sounds to me like Scooter’s finished changing the oil in the swamp buggy. What do you know—he did get it done in time after all.”
About then, a charter boat full of sports fishermen had pulled into the cove. After mooring at the dock, several men began getting out of the sleek craft, a “Viking fishing yacht”—over sixty-foot, very classy, very high-dollar. It was likely out of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and they were probably heading to the Keys and/or the Bahamas. The men were irresistibly gawking at the swamp buggy, pointing to it and raising chatter back and forth as they gathered on the dock preparing to head up toward the store. There was no doubt that this was going to be a good sale for Zeke and Ma. 
Zeke quickly evaluated this for himself as he rubbed his chin whiskers and huffed aggressively on his pipe. “Toby, I’d like to walk ya down, but I better stay here and help show these fellers how to spend their money. Don’t worry yourself about the handtruck—Scooter can bring it back up here for ya.”
“Absolutely, Zeke, I understand. Thanks again. We appreciate everything. You and Ma take care now.” I looked to Sam and Tibby as I motioned my head toward the door, “You guys ready? I’m going on down to the buggy and get things loaded up.”
Sam waved me on and Tibby trotted over to me. “Can I go with you, Toby?”
When I said yes, he turned and quickly ran back to Zeke, squeezed his neck and kissed him on his cheek. “Bye, Uncle Zeke … thank you for my strawberries licorice.”
“Well, you’re sure welcome there, buddy boy.”
Her hawk-like eyes never missing a thing, Ma briskly cut her conversation off with Sam and screeched, “Hey, where’s my lovin’ little man?” Tibby turned, grinned, and ran back over to Ma and squeezed her neck as she squatted down. He kissed her on the cheek and said, “Bye, Aunt Ma.” She hugged and squeezed on Tibby, enthusiastically holding him and kissing him on both cheeks.
“Bye-bye sugar, we sure was glad to meet you. You’re just a sweetheart, and we love ya to death. You be sure to git Toby to bring you and Sam back out here to see us real soon.” Turning to Sam, she said, “We’ll make a day of it and have us a big cookout— hamburgers, hotdogs, toastin’ marshmallows, and everythin’.” Sam gave Ma a quick hug. “Well, I better get going … I can’t let those two out of my sight for very long. Thanks for everything, Ma. Bye, Zeke.”
I went on out the door with the handtruck of groceries. There was no doubt about it—Tibby had definitely captured the hearts of these folks. I thought the close paternal bond that Zeke and Ma have for me as the “son they never had” had now somehow been amplified and extended by Tibby fulfilling the surrogate “grandson” respectively absent in their lives. 
Apart from his metamorphic appearance, that masquerade did not undo the fact that Tibby was still Tibby, and his true inward nature remained the same, regardless of his human alter ego. Still, I didn’t want Zeke and Ma to ever be hurt, so special precautions would have to be taken to safeguard against that. This was yet another prime issue of concern to give thought to. My wariness never seemed to end. 
Tibby quickly trotted out of the store and caught up to me by the time I was halfway to the end of the ramp going toward the workshop, and Sam followed at her own steady pace. Seeing me coming, Scooter grinned from ear to ear and gave me an A-OK gesture. Before I was even close, he let out with his loud report. “Yup, done changed the oil and filter and I went ahead an’ put-cha a new battery in thar too. T’other one tested bad—you was right.”
He beamed with delight as I complimented and thanked him for his efforts on the swamp buggy and made sure he knew to apply his service to my charge ticket. It was a tight squeeze, but with Scooter’s help, we lifted and slid the johnboat into the storage rack in the space between the deck and the frame of the buggy. This was another reason this vehicle is over twelve feet high. After securing the boat with a couple of ratchet-straps, I was confident it wasn’t going anywhere. Then we conveniently loaded the boxes of groceries into the boat while Tibby and Sam climbed on board and buckled in.
“Well, Toby I thank ya again fer lettin’ me barrow yer skiff.”
“You are more than welcome, Scooter. Thank you for the work you did on it. You didn’t have to do that.”
Scooter grinned sheepishly, kicked the dirt and lowered his head. “Well, I owed it to ya, and I think it was the right thing ta do.”
I could tell Scooter was trying to make it up to me. Ma must have made him feel pretty bad for his silly, intrusive behavior. Actually, it wasn’t that big of a deal. My only concern was that Zeke and Ma would be given the wrong impression, but they obviously knew better and handled the situation the way they did. All the same, I decided to try to let Scooter know everything between us was all right. “Scooter, I want you to know something.” He froze in place and his eyes bugged out with a guilty expression, like he’d been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He didn’t say a thing, just kept his head down, glancing up enough to deflect any verbal assault that might be coming his way. He was obviously worried to death that I was going to mention something about his impropriety.
“I want to tell you how much everyone appreciates you, and for what you do around here.” His hovering and guarded concerns speedily melted away as a glowing spirit filled its place. He raised his head slightly and a shy, embarrassed look came over his florid face as I continued. “I want you to know that all your work and help that you give to Zeke and Ma is very important to all of us who love and care for them. At their age, they’ve come to rely on you more and more, and because of that, you can’t be acting like a dunderhead. So it’s important that you listen and learn as much as you can from them, even when they get after you. That’s so you will know how to behave better and understand the importance of gaining as much wisdom as you can—and Zeke and Ma are the perfect examples you have in your life to follow.”
Scooter remained mute, but was nodding seriously as he listened carefully to everything I was saying. When I finished, I could see his mind unscrambling and rearranging things as he repeated some of my points, raising a finger in succession to each one he recited, with his eyes rolled upward. “Uh … don’t be a dunderhead … uh … listen and learn … and, um … gettin’ wisdom … heh, I got it Toby! I’m shore gonna work on gittin’ that wisdom part too!”
“I know you will, Scooter.”
Amused by how his behavior and appearance starkly contradicted his vows, I smiled with appreciation for his zeal and self confidence. I thought my little pep talk was the best way to send the message he needed to hear, as well as the compliments he so deserved. By this time, Sam and Tibby had made their way aboard, taken their seats, and had their helmets on. “All right then, Scooter. We need to get back to the lab, thanks again for everything.”
“Yer welcome, Toby. Bye Samantha, bye Tibby—was nice ta meetcha!” He waved his hand fanatically as he hollered his trademark farewell. “OK … gotta go, gotta go—gotta get up and go home now … thank y’all.”
I climbed aboard, and when I turned the key on the starter, the big engine turned over effortlessly with the power of its new battery, immediately roaring to life, broadcasting our imminent departure before I had put on my seatbelt. I was in a hurry to leave now because I didn’t want to parlay with Scooter any longer than I had to, and because I noticed some of the sport fishermen coming out of the store. The last thing I was interested in doing was having any of them coming down to the workshop and start asking questions about the swamp buggy: “How did I do this” and “Why didn’t I do that” typical exchange of nonsense. Even if I’d been by myself, I wasn’t in the mood for any upper class claptrap. Besides, I had Tibby and Sam with me and they were my first priority. A quick departure would keep me from making any un-neighborly impressions as a local that might cause Zeke and Ma to lose any future business from these people.
I turned around for a quick check on the status of my passengers as I buckled into my seat and strapped on my helmet. “Come on, let’s get out of here.” Apparently they were anxious too, and gave me their thumbs-up signal to go. Submitting slightly to my male ego, provoked by the growing audience of men gathered on the porch, I decided to show off a little. I shifted the hydraulic steering levers into four-wheel-steering mode, which is the function where the rear set of wheels will turn the opposite direction that the front wheels are turned. So when the front wheels are turned to the right, the rear wheels turn to the left with equal measure or degree, allowing a perfect three-hundred and sixty-degree circle no larger in its diameter than the exact wheelbase of the buggy. It’s a blast to drive at slower speeds.
“Hold on!” I said as I shifted down to first gear and turned the steering hard to the left as all four wheels responded in accord. Then I gunned the massive engine enough to break the four huge tires loose from the sandy soil, burming to the right slightly at the same time as the weight and inertia of the buggy aggressively shifted, throwing enough sand in the air without getting any on top of us. 
When the turn set the buggy in the proper direction, I quickly straightened it out and floored the accelerator for a couple of seconds. The engine bellowed its evidence of reserve power as we heaved forward, spinning all four tires and shooting four modest rooster tails of sand behind us. I let off the accelerator in time to allow the breaking of the engine’s backpressure to slow us down before coming to the shallow end of the cove. We splashed through the water in a shortcut toward our exit out of there, giving a spectacular spray in all directions. Sam and Tibby were squealing with delight as if they were on some kind of theme park ride. The swamp buggy performed flawlessly. I turned enough to see the shocked expressions of the men on the porch of the store. Later, I knew I’d receive a report from Zeke, confirming that those “goofy weekend fishermen,” as he likes to call them, stood there “stork-stared and lock-jawed.” It was a very gratifying moment.
While on the ride home I demonstrated a much more practical and civil manner of driving for reasons of protocol and conservancy. Be that as it may, it still didn’t take long for us to get back to the lab. When we arrived, Poopsy started flapping his wings and raising a ruckus in trying to be heard over the noise of the engine. I parked sideways facing the house to make it easier to unload the groceries. Sam got down first, and as soon as Tibby got down he instantly morphed back into his natural character. After handing down the boxes, Sam and I muscled the johnboat out of the buggy rack and dragged it back to the water. We let Tibby paddle it back and tie it up at the dock for us. I looked at Sam with pride and said, “Lookin’ pretty strong there, girl.”
She quickly held up one of her arms in a flexed bicep pose and gave me a serious facial grimace. “Tougher than you can handle,” she facetiously bragged.
I exaggerated a “sure-sure, whatever” expression with pursed lips and told her, “Very intimidating.”
She wasn’t slow to respond. “You’re such a snot.” And before I climbed back in the swamp buggy, she added, “What would you like me to fix you for lunch, Toby?” Tibby had made it back to where we were, and with timely interruption thrust one of his hands up in the air and immediately replied, “Oh-oh-oh, I want Raymond’s Noodlies for me, please.”
I looked blankly at Sam for a decoding of that request and she explained. “He means Ramon Noodles. Ma got in some new kinds of microwavable Ramon Noodle soups—she said that kids enjoy them—and since you bought a new microwave, she thought Tibby might enjoy them too. So we picked some out for us to try.”
“I see …” I said with certain skepticism, then concluded my response with old-fashioned prejudice. “Well, I’ll have a sandwich with mine, just the same … is that all right?”
Sam leaned over and patted me on the cheek as she pooched her fabulous robust lips to me and said in babytalk, “That’s OK, sweetie, you can have a sandwich if you want to.” 
Taken by surprise, puzzled, and slightly embarrassed all at the same time, I just said OK as I drew back a bit, trying to interpret her version of humorous condescension. She giggled and grabbed a box of the groceries to carry into the house, swishing her ponytail all the way. Tibby carried a package of paper plates and a roll of paper towels under each arm, skipping along behind her, keeping the same foot in front of the other, all the way into the house. Kids, I thought as I climbed back up onto the buggy, cranked it up and backed it into the barn for the next time we would be ready to go out. 
On my way to the house, I grabbed the last two boxes of groceries that were left in the yard and took them inside. Tibby was watching TV and Sam had busied herself in the kitchen rearranging some things on the shelves as well as in the cupboards while she was putting groceries away. “Sam, here are the other two boxes of groceries—” 
“Oh good, unpack them and leave the stuff on the table for me if you would, please, and let me put it away for you. You had everything in here mixed up. Give me a minute or two and I’ll show you what a difference I can make.”
I had no doubt, knowing of Sam’s aptitude and commitment to order and neatness. I also knew better than to do anything other than what she had asked. I would otherwise be putting myself in a losing challenge. “All right ... there you go … I’ll take these three empty boxes and carry them out to the storage trailer—how about that?”
“OK, thank you.” She stopped and looked at me directly. “By the way, don’t you prefer mustard on your salami sandwiches … with pepper jack cheese, is that right?”
Once again I was puzzled and caught off guard. “Yeah, mustard … and how did you know I like salami and pepper jack cheese sandwiches?”
Sam dismissed me passively, turning back to what she was doing. “Oh, it’s one of those little things a woman picks up on over time. Go on now, so you can wash up and help me with a few things.”
I smiled and gathered up the empty boxes with a contented feeling of our budding companionship. I rather liked this being catered to. During my walk to and from the trailer with focused perspective, I had given some thought about the day’s events and all that had occurred up to this point. Despite the fact we had not accomplished a single thing related to any animal or environmental conservation, to which my dedications are given, still, there was the fact that we had Tibby, who has become our special project of concern. I thought not only was Sam right, but she had inspired me. Knowing who and what Tibby exactly is not only provoked, but required the time and efforts necessary to accommodate him into society in a way that protected him and our area here where I live and work. I sighed with satisfaction. In this respect, we’d made some achievements and had a great day, which ignited my eagerness and desire to further discuss these several points with Sam. 
I bounded back into the house, detoured to use the bathroom, washed my hands, and then returned to the kitchen. Sam had not only finished putting away all the groceries, but had completely reorganized those items and related groceries in a sensible manner. She had two small bowls of soup cooking in the microwave and had made us each a sandwich and Tibby a half of a sandwich. We were sitting together enjoying our lunch in no time. She was a real wiz in the kitchen.
Tibby gleefully reported, “Neat-o—Raymond’s Noodlies is like ska-betti soup,” as he noisily slurped, which brought from us a double portion of instructions and advice concerning the manner of how he should eat the long rubbery noodles. Of course, he still enjoyed his opportunity to play with them as any child would for the first time. 
“These are very springy—” He held one noodle in each hand and walked the ends with a bouncy movement across his placemat saying, “boing-ga, bing-ga, bong-ga” prancing them over his sandwich and crackers then ultimately into his mouth. Even though this was amusing, I finally got him to accept a serious attitude, reciting him proper table manners—things that people around him would expect to see if we were to go out and eat in public.
“Which reminds me,” Sam said with exclamation, “speaking of eating in public—we have a date tomorrow night. I believe you’re supposed to be taking me to some place called the Front Porch for dinner, aren’t you?”
Rolling my eyes with a vacant expression, I vacillated on purpose, if for no other reason than to aggravate her and raise her levels of exasperation. It was “fun and game” time. With a pondering expression, acting dense, I said, “I’m not sure I know what you’re talking about.”
“Oh yes you do too … don’t you play that with me, Mr. Tobias.”
I wasn’t deterred because I saw that as a typical, generic “disarming response” that all women give, so I continued the hoax. “Nooo, I don’t seem to remember that.”
Tibby was smiling over the whole charade and immediately raised his support in Sam’s behalf, “You did—you did Sammy, last night—yup-yup.”
“Oh yeah, what did she say, Tibby?” I winked at Sam, who by then knew I was conducting a ruse.
“Um, you invited Sammy to stay for pizza, and Sammy said ‘…that would be nice … but only if it doesn’t take the place of our date this Saturday night.’ Remember? That’s what she said.” 
I frowned, feigning a questioning appearance on my face. “OK … so what did I say?”
“You said, ‘Oh no, that’s already a done deal, we won’t miss out on that.’”
Thinking I could throw him off, I said, “And what did you say?”
“Um, um, I said, ‘Pizzas.’” Tibby mimicked the mesmerized chant he performed exactly as he had done before with script-like accuracy.
Chuckling, I threw my arms up and said, “Well, I guess I’m busted this time.”
We talked and laughed over the fun and Tibby’s playback of information, which also served as an education on another of his multiple talents. To that point, Sam asked, “So, didn’t you think Tibby’s Sawyer character worked perfectly today?”
“Actually, I thought he did exceptionally well—” Tibby beamed with delight. “But it’s still going to require more practice, additional routine, and the embrace of the good habits necessary to make his character solid and more believable.”
“Exactly!” Sam agreed. “Oh, that is so perfect. I’m glad you see it that way too. I couldn’t agree more.”
I relished and swelled a little with pride over Sam’s compliments and approval and shrugged with acceptance as I was muttering similar points already made. Then she said, “That’s why we should take him to dinner with us tomorrow night when we go out.”
I abruptly stopped my subtle blabbering. “What?” I certainly didn’t see that coming—she set me up, for crying out loud. 
“Sure, you just said it yourself—he needs ‘more practice.’ So, what better and recent opportunity do we have?”
Tibby, with his talent of recall, intervened in Sam’s behalf and said, “Actually, he said ‘require more practice … and, and … additional routine.’” 
She confirmed, “Yes, ‘require, routine,’ uh-huh … that’s right … he did.” 
“Oh … and, ‘the embrace of the good habits necessary to make his character more believable …’” Tibby quoted verbatim.
“Yes, that’s right … ‘the embrace—’” She was giving it all she could, but I didn’t allow her the opportunity to finish her repetitive quotes, and cut her off by yelling, “All right already! I give up … he goes, he goes. We’ll just have to take our chances, that’s all.”
Sam and Tibby grabbed one another’s hands and jumped and hopped around in a circle, hollering and praising their presumed success of persuasion. Little did they know they didn’t have to go to that extent to get my approval. But it was fun watching them try to manipulate me. I had already determined that Tibby’s behavior at Zeke’s was quite exemplary. Because of that, I anticipated Sam would jump on the bandwagon for us to further test and train his character right away. So, her suggesting that he go with us on our date was not a total surprise. However, it is that part to which I was hesitant. I have to admit, I was looking forward to just the two of us being together, alone on our first official date—making it a kind of “romantic thing.”
Thinking about it, I was sure there could be future opportunities. After all, Sam was all about Tibby going with us, and that said a lot about her. It was a reminder that her obvious selfless affections continue to dominate her thinking and behavior toward what’s right—truly, an essential personal ingredient that had helped fill a void in my life. I’d already come to appreciate this virtue with higher awareness and example, and knew I’d appreciate it even more as time went on.
<><><> CHAPTER 12 <><><>
Sawyer’s Debut
SAM AND I spent the rest of the afternoon guiding Tibby through a rigorous training session, helping him to understand the do’s and don’ts and the behavioral policies and practices of proper public protocols. “You need to understand, Tibby,” I stressed, “that this is different than going to Zeke’s. People don’t generally excuse and overlook certain bad behavior or little mistakes that you make the way your friends and family will.”
“Why-cause?” 
“Because most people expect everyone to know how to behave in public in the first place, that’s why. When you’re in public, that environment, that condition, is everybody’s territory, and no one person is given more right, more advantage in any given action, behavior, or purpose than any other person. We are all obliged to recognize the decorum, courtesy, and discretions of fairness and good behavior to one another and to each other’s environment. It’s called public decency and common courtesy. You also have to understand how you specifically are personally unique and different too. Having the powers that you have would seriously affect the general public if they ever found out, and it would be impossible to keep you a secret, and then the government would come and take you away from us.”
“The government would take me away, even if I was never bad?” Tibby asked with concern.
“That’s right … they would.” 
“Why-for?”
“I’m afraid it’s because you would not only be seen as a kind of threat, but … well, it’s because they wouldn’t see you as a person, Tibby. They would see you strictly as an alien being. And they would use that as justification to take you into custody and quarantine you strictly for the excuse of studying you. You’d never be free again. And you may not survive it.”
He frowned. “That’s not very nice. That’s called discrimination.” 
Sam and I were stunned and speechless. Finally, Sam said, “Tibby you’re right, but how do you know this?”
“Civil rights … it began with the U.S. Constitution and Declaration of Independence—‘life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness’ claims that ‘all mens are created equal,’ and Tibby too, yes?”
I was pleased over his awareness of civil rights and their provision. It was his timing of delivery that left me speechless. I quickly considered that giving the wrong impression to Tibby would be ill-affected and could cause him to form the wrong judgments of our system of government, imperfect as it may be. And in this sense, “imperfect” meant insufficient and limited due to contradictions and loopholes through the degeneration of society as a whole. Government is still people and, generally speaking, people are famous for being afraid and thereby reacting indiscreetly to what they don’t know or don’t understand.
“Actually, Tibby, you’re right, it is for you too; otherwise it would be a form of discrimination. But I’m afraid they would still see their way of behavior as a demonstration of discretionary protocols. Your kind of powers would be seen as a threat against the safety and security of our country, particularly if you ever used them maliciously or even indiscriminately for that matter—that’s what it would be about.”
“That’s still not very nice—” 
I could tell he still didn’t like the thought, but who would? I did feel that his understanding was heightened a little better because he quickly learned that he has some radical powers the rest of us do not, and Sam offered a consoling conclusion. “We won’t have to worry about it, because you already know better than to ever do anything like that, and we’re all going to be careful to keep you a secret, aren’t we, Toby?”
“Sam’s right, Tibby. That’s why we’re taking the time that we are to train and help you to understand the importance of proper behavior as a little boy, so you won’t gain attention suggesting you’re anything different than the cute little guy you are, inside and out.”
Tibby smiled appreciatively, then nodded and said, “I understand—” and ran over to us both and hugged us. “I’m glad I found you guys, especially before the government found me.”
We hugged him back and said we were glad about that too. Sam said, “I think you’re ready to go full disclosure now. If you remember to be careful, to pay attention to Toby and me, you’ll do perfectly.”
“Sam’s right. You’re a natural, that’s for sure.”
Tibby glowed with delight.
Gad! Where had the time gone? A casual glimpse of the clock indicated I would have to consider what we were going to do for dinner, and whether or not Sam wanted to stay and eat with us. Then all at once, it hit me. I thought I might have a way to reinstate our privacy for our date tomorrow night after all. “Sam, why don’t we do Tibby’s public test run tonight? I mean, you think he’s ready, I think he’s ready—so why wait? I think we could give over to his trial run tonight, and that way you and I can still keep our date as originally planned for tomorrow night … just uh, you and me.” I paused slightly. “Is there anything wrong with us doing that … you think?”
Sam seemed cautious at first and was slow to respond as she looked at Tibby and said, “Well, I don’t know. How do you feel about that, Tibby?”
“It’s okey-dokey with me. I only felt bad for you guys anyways. Besides, I was supposed to watch some cartoon specials on Saturday night.”
We both were slightly surprised by his remark but didn’t respond because we didn’t want to even hint about any change of perception in the proverbial parent-child relationship. Sam shrugged, then looked at me and said, “OK. I guess that’s the plan.”
I was elated because I’d rescued the privacy of our date. “Sounds great! All right, um … where do we want to go out for dinner tonight? I think we ought to consider a place discrete and isolated, less frequented maybe—” I stopped talking because Sam was frowning and shaking her head “no” with decisive disapproval. “What? Obviously I’m completely wrong?” She changed to a smile and expression of approval and started nodding yes. “And there’s a completely different idea connected to the purpose of going out somewhere tonight?” She nodded again, remaining mute. “And I’ve apparently missed that perfect idea, and need to offer a complete and utter retraction of my previous remarks and receive some kind of … what? An update of information from … um … uh, let me guess … you?” Again, she nodded with a big smirk.
Tibby, meanwhile, chattered his little chipmunk cackle and mocked me with a cross-eyed dunce-like face as he bobbed his head and said, “Der, der, derr!”
I immediately presented a low formal bow, assuming my pretend servant-like status, and began reciting. “Then I wholeheartedly apologize to my lady, unreservedly begging for your forgiveness of my presumptuous behavior, praying that I am not cast into abysmal darkness for my shortsightedness and blatant ignorance of certain protocol. With fear and trembling, I humbly await your words of sagacity.”
Sam raised her eyebrows and coolly said, “That’s more like it, nave.” Letting me know she wanted to share a private comment, she walked up to me and whispered in my ear as Tibby maneuvered his radar-like ears to try to pick up on the confidential exchange. Pausing, she turned to Tibby and bellowed, “Stop that!” and then finished whispering her secret disclosure. 
I’m sure my face went blank then and my jaw dropped as I faced her directly. “You’ve got to be kidding me. Are you sure about this?” She silently nodded in endorsement to this seemingly implausible but understandable decision I would be forced to comply with. “OK … are we ready to go then?”
“Yup-yup.” she said.
Tibby said, “Yea, I want ice cream!” 
After I grabbed one last bag of trash to drop off on the way, we all walked out to the driveway hand in hand, with Tibby in the middle. I said to Sam, “You realize, it’d probably be better if I take my truck and you follow me and Tibby over there in your car since we’re headed to town. That way you don’t have to ride back with us to get your car to go back home.”
“So, I’m getting the rest of the day off?”
“Yeah, a whole hour, how about that—it’s one of the great perks of dating the boss.”
“You’re a sweetie,” she said as she gave me a kiss on the nose. “I appreciate that.”
“Oh, and of course, dinner is my treat too.” I added that as an additional category of benefit in hopes of getting another kiss, which I got.
“OK, Tibby, that’s two—I have to keep up with these kisses, so I can pay her back with mine later, so you help me keep count, OK?”
He giggled. “Okey-dokey, Toby … is that okey-dokey for you too, Sammy?”
“Sounds fine to me.”
I tossed the trash bag in the back of my truck with the few others. “All right, let’s climb in. Tibby, it’s time for Sawyer to appear.” Without a change in stride or movement, he instantly morphed into the person of Sawyer Davis, climbed into the truck, and we were on our way. 
After driving past the gate, I closed and secured it with a chain and lock as I normally do when going into town, which keeps out boondockers and lookie-loos, and especially poachers. In addition to no-trespassing and private property signs posted, an added eight-foot tall chain-link fence line around the property has deterred any serious intrusions up to now. After making a quick detour to the dumpsters adjacent to the quick stop, we were finally heading down the main highway with Sam following closely behind. Tibby and I talked and laughed as we made our way out of our unincorporated settlement in the Florida swamplands on a drive that was a little more than fifty miles east on Main Park Road/Ingraham Highway, going to the town of Homestead, Florida.
Tibby finally asked, “Where are we going for me to eat?”
“Oh, well, you’ll see … that’s a big surprise.”
He inhaled deeply and said, “Oooh” before exhaling his modified version of the word: “A surrise!” Cupping his hands under his chin, he added, “That’s two surrises today for me!”
He never fails to give this same response, every time, regardless of the significance great or small. I found it pretty cute. 
“Will I like it?”
“Oh, yeah, I’m pretty sure you’ll like it.”
“Will I like it a lot?”
“Yeah, lil’ buddy, you’ll like it a lot.”
“Was it Sammy’s surrise too?”
“Yeah, it was Sammy’s ‘surrise,’ too.”
“Will they have ice cream?”
“Yeah, uh huh, I’m pretty sure they’ll have ice cream.”
“Oooh, I love ice cream. And I can get some too, huh?” 
“Sure, if you eat a good dinner first … but how do you know you love ice cream?”
“‘Cause, all little kids love ice cream!” 
“Oh, I see.”
He was little “Mr. Chatterbox” all the way from Whitewater to Homestead, just one long methodical and curious collection of questions—the same as any five-year-old would engage in, I supposed. Once we entered into the city limits, and after a quick detour, he got more excited and had a comment about everything we passed. Close to the intersection of Palm Drive and S. Dixie Highway, he said, “Lookie-lookie, a Starbucks on the corner, oooh, yummy froffee, huh, Toby?”
“Yeah … expensive gourmet coffee is more like it.”
We headed North on Highway number 1, Dixie Highway, where the majority of restaurants were located, and Tibby began firing off his observations one after the other. “Oh, there’s the Cracker Barrel—Homestyle cooking done right. There’s the Wal-Mart Super Center—Wal-Mart, Always low price, always. And there’s Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill— There’s no place like the neighborhood.”
Then, I knew it was bound to occur. After we passed a Domino’s, Romano’s, and then a Pizza Hut, one right after the other, Tibby nearly had a fit. I had one heck of a time convincing him we needed to postpone going out for pizza.
“Why-cause?” he pitifully whined.
“Because, we’ve had pizza two times this week already, that’s why. Besides, we’ve got a nice surprise place where we’re going that has ice cream—and none of the pizza restaurants have any ice cream.”
“Ohh—” Tibby gave serious thought over that conflicting detail for a moment and quickly decided, “We can go out for pizza the next time then, huh?” 
“Yes, we sure can. We’ll do pizza next time, I promise, OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby—and I still get ice cream tonight for me?”
“You still get ice cream tonight, you sure do.”
“Yea!”
Then he resumed his restaurant and retail store recital. “There’s a Burger King—Have it your way, at Burger King. I see Wendy’s over there—Quality is our recipe, and there’s Kentucky Fried Chicken—We do chicken right. How do they do that Toby?”
I had sort of tuned him out with thoughts of my own. “How does who do what?”
“How do they fry the chicken in Kentucky, and then get it here still hot and fresh like that?”
I looked at him, waiting for him to break character to a possible pun of dry humor, of which he was recently tutored on last week, but apparently he was serious this time. “That’s just a name. It means that when they fry it here, it’s prepared and cooked the way it was originally done in Kentucky, that’s all. It’s not all fried in Kentucky and then distributed everywhere else. That would be impossible.”
“Oh, I see. That was very smart then, wasn’t it?”
I couldn’t help but snicker in my response. “Yeah, they were very clever how they set that up.”
Tibby paused for a moment, apparently having observed a business name to which a slogan did not readily come to mind. Pointing in the direction of a Men’s Club as we passed by, he frowned with a puzzled expression. “Toby, what is the ‘Booby Trap’?”
I turned to see what he was pointing at and was completely caught off guard. “Um, uh, well—it’s a place—yeah, that uh, probably serves adult drinks … and uh … well, a club … just for men … I’m thinking.”
“Oooh … but, it sounds dangerous. Have you ever been caught in it?”
“No, no. Ha, I’d never be caught there— it’s not any kind of place I would ever go. Besides, I don’t think Sam would like that.”
“Oh … then I’m glad.” Seemingly satisfied, he let his attention be drawn back to playing his game of slogan-recital, but not before he almost had a manic fit when he saw the next business. “Oh, Toby, lookie-lookie … over there, over there, stop-stop-stop. There’s an Army store … we have to stop, we have to stop for me!”
I slowed down as I passed the Army-Navy surplus store and quickly looked at my watch, noticing that it was past six p.m.
“I’m sorry, Tibby, it’s after six o’clock, and it looks like they’re already closed for the day. I’m so sorry.”
“Ohh, I wanna go—”
“Yeah, that would have been a great place for us to take you to. I’ll tell you what … that will definitely be part of our next trip to town when we go out for pizza. We’ll leave early enough to go shopping at the Army-Navy surplus store and then go out to eat pizza. We’ll make a day of it, how will that be?”
“Okey-dokey, that will be awesome. Thanks, Toby.”
“You’re welcome, lil’ buddy.”
We passed a variety of other restaurants and stores, both national and local, and Tibby made his observations and inquiry of several as we went by. When we finally arrived at our destination, he hollered with delight. “McDonald’s! This is my kind of place!” I pulled into a parking spot and Sam parked right next to us and we all got out together. The outdoor playground instantly captured Tibby’s attention. “Oh, lookie-lookie, Toby … what is that— oooh, is that a carnival?” He ran over to Sam with excitement. “Sammy, lookie-lookie, they have a carnival here!”
“That’s a Playplace for kids after they eat.” 
“Yeah, that’s for me too, huh?”
Sam laughed at his childish enthusiasm. “Oh, I’m sure it’s for you too.”
Tibby was nearly fit to be tied. His excitement would not be contained as he led us hurriedly into the restaurant, ready to investigate and indulge himself. He made observation of everything, and there was a lot to see—this place was hopping. It was going on six-thirty on a Friday night, and they were busy with a crowd of people ordering food. We took our place in line with Tibby holding hands with Sam while pointing with his other, asking a barrage of questions. Who could blame him? It wasn’t just his first time in a restaurant; it was his first time anywhere.
We each submitted our order and Tibby selected a Cheeseburger Happy Meal. While we were waiting for our meals, I picked him up and pointed at what one of the servers was doing. “Look Tibby, look at what she’s doing.” He craned his neck and then spun his head around to me and excitedly said, “Its ice cream!” I put him back down and reassured, “It sure is. We’ll come back and get ours after we eat … so it doesn’t melt, OK?”
“Oh, yes, that will be perfect for me.”
We picked up our order and Tibby and I found a vacant table to sit while Sam stopped to fill our drinks and get some napkins. We were in the section where most people customarily go to sit with their kids, pending their inevitable play time—against the wall and close to the exit door to the Playplace to more easily monitor that section. The place was jam-packed.
When Sam arrived, we began to lay out and organize our food on the table and she poured Tibby’s French fries out onto the placemat on his food tray. “Yea, fries!” he chimed. He gobbled up a French fry right away and was agitating contentedly back and forth in his chair when he asked, “What is it a Happy Meal, and why-for do they call it that, Toby?”
“I don’t know—probably because it’s ‘specially for kids, and it’s supposed to make them happy because they eat it, I guess.”
“Okey-dokey then, I’m ready.” 
The Happy Meal was an obvious success. Tibby thoroughly enjoyed it as he ummed and ahhed over it, playing with the toy as he ate. Partway through our dinner, however, two tables away, we noticed a mother with a little girl, apparently one whose meal was not giving happy results. The little girl couldn’t have been more than six or seven years old, and she was behaving particularly bad, quite unruly, in fact. She was yelling and screaming at her mother, refusing to abide by whatever instructions she was being given, and she wouldn’t stay in her seat, either. At one point, she screamed “No!” at the top of her lungs as she launched a chicken nugget across the room.
“She’s not using proper public decency,” Tibby scolded.
Sam said, “You’re absolutely right, Tibby, I agree. She’s a little demon, is what she is. She needs her hind end blistered.”
When the mother got up and went to retrieve the chicken nugget, apologizing to people along the way, Tibby turned to the little girl with a frown and scowl on his face. The little girl took notice, frowned back, and then stuck her tongue out at Tibby. He never changed his demeanor as he stuck his tongue back out at her … but only seven inches of it. I almost jumped out of my seat. The little girl shrieked and her eyes nearly popped out of her head at about the same time her mother, whose patience was apparently running out, arrived back at the table. The little girl kept jumping up and down, yelling and pointing in our direction, yammering on, pulling against her mother’s arm trying to get her to turn around. “The little boy’s tongue … it, it touched his belly button,” she exclaimed.
It happened so fast I had no time to react. Tibby had quickly stuck his tongue out and turned back around, presenting a perfect composure of innocence just before the girl had gone bonkers. Even Sam, sitting right next to Tibby, was oblivious to what had happened. But by now the mother had all she could take with her daughter’s crescendo of insanity. Fuming, she stood up and grabbed her firmly by one arm and briskly led her out of the area, yanking her each time the girl repeated, “He … he did! Yes, he did!—yes, he did!” 
All the way to the main exit, her mother kept saying, “No, he didn’t,” each time she yanked and told her, “You’re a little liar.”
Sam said, “Good Lord, what’s that all about?”
I pretended innocence by saying, “I don’t know, exactly, but I can’t imagine that she won’t get a whipping for it later. She sure earned it, that’s for sure.”
Sam said, “Yup, you got that right.”
Tibby, who was smirking with satisfaction, raised his eyebrows and said, “Yeah, two whippings maybe, huh?”
I immediately leaned over the table to admonish him. “You stuck your tongue out at her, didn’t you?”
His immediate defense was, “Well, she did it to me first— and besides, I only stuck mine out halfway.”
Sam cringed and rolled her eyes, hoping I would not pursue the inquiry, and I decided to drop the subject. Besides, I was having a hard enough time concentrating on trying not to crack up. Otherwise, the next time Tibby could assume too much free will during such events.
With that fiasco behind us, he finished his Happy Meal in record time and was ready for his dessert. “Can I have my ice cream now?”
“Well, we’re not quite finished yet. How about if we go out to the playground first, and we’ll all have ice cream afterward? Besides, you’re not allowed to take any food out there because it’s too messy, OK?”
“Okey-dokey, Toby, we can wait.” He got up to clear the mess off his area and throw it away. 
“Sam, I’ll take him on outside to play, if you’ll be so kind as to refill our Cokes after you’re finished.”
About that time, Sam’s cell phone rang. “Looks like it’s my mom. I’ll be awhile. I’ll refill our Cokes and meet you back here.” She patted Tibby on the head and said, “Have fun sweetie, see you in a few minutes.”
Tibby and I stepped out to the playground, which was overrun with children. However, there were not as many parents represented as there were kids playing. I thought this to be a shortsighted decision a poor parent makes, using the facility as their pseudo babysitter while they sit inside, oblivious—drinking coffee, comparing designer purses, tennis bracelets, running shoes, and tans. This kind of egocentric irresponsibility almost always presents a problem. Being a pretty good judge of character, I began making assessments right away. The most predictable contradiction to any of these “open-playground” facilities is the parent who lets their older, larger, and insufferable kid go unchecked and unfettered to dominate, intimidate, and victimize all the smaller and younger children with sadistic delight. And that’s what I saw on this occasion. There were a couple of boys present who, in my opinion, looked like up-and-coming thugs. But there was one in particular—this kid must have been at least twice the average age of all the children, because he was definitely twice their height and probably three times their weight. Just one of his shoes was too big to fit in the holding compartments provided, and his feet looked like Fred Flintstone’s. In just a few minutes, I was concerned that he didn’t have any business being in the play area. He seemed the type of kid that never took part in any real sporting games due to lacking not only the physical coordination, speed, and agility, but for being obnoxious, slow witted, and particularly repellent. 
Tibby, none the wiser, was elated by the opportunity to get to play with other kids. He took off and immediately hooked up with two children, a twin brother and sister, who looked to be about seven. They seemed to be very decent and well mannered, and their mother was sitting alone, off to one side, maintaining a casual vigil. I stayed much closer to the play area, being wary and concerned about the facts of the matter, staying alert, just in case I needed to moderate for whatever reason—particularly after what had already happened. 
Tibby introduced himself and asked his new friends their names. After a brief exchange, they asked Tibby if he’d like to take a turn at leading them through the maze of climbing pipes and back out down the slide—playing a kind of follow-the-leader game. They were having a delightful time and playing well together when that big brute of a kid cornered the twins up in the play fort and loft area, refusing to let them slide down the tube. I moved over closer to the exit of the tube, because it acted as an intercom system and I could plainly hear him telling the twins they had to pay in some way to get permission to pass by. It was awkward keeping an eye on them, as I had to stand in a crouched position to look over the large slide tube. 
I was becoming disgusted and infuriated and about ready to get involved when Tibby arrived at the top of the fort, unaware of what was taking place. Innocently, he was under the impression this boy was going to be part of their game. I moved closer to the slide tube to listen as I bobbed up and down, peering over, trying to watch at the same time.
Tibby politely said, “Hi what’s your name? Are you playing with us now?”
Keeping the twins pushed into the corner, the kid snarled at Tibby and hatefully said, “My name’s Butch, and no, I’m not playing with you guys, stupid!” 
Tibby was shocked. The little girl peeked at him from around the thug and gave him a frightened look. “We’re stuck … he’s trapped us … he says we have to pay to get out.”
As if being called stupid wasn’t enough, Tibby finally understood once he noticed the eyes of that frightened little girl and her brother, and he became absolutely furious. By now, I was unsure whether to get involved or not. I almost did, but after the incident with the tongue deal, I decided I might make this matter worse somehow and end up exposing Tibby in the wrong way. I didn’t know what to do. Reluctantly, I stayed put for a moment longer to listen and watch.
Tibby frowned, squinted his eyes, clinched his fists, and immediately stretched out his right arm to Butch and said, “E-zeerf—E-zee-uqs!” 
No, no, no! I thought. Instantly, Butch was straightened stiff as a board with his arms to his side, essentially helpless, and his body took on the appearance of being aggressively constricted. Even his chubby face was scrunched up so tightly that his mouth and lips pooched out like big fish lips and he couldn’t say a word. His eyes darted back and forth rapidly, and all he could do was grunt, mumble, and make blubbery, flatulent noises, all the while slobbering down his chin. Highly repulsed, the little girl wrinkled her nose, drew back and said, “Eww, you’re gross.”
Oh, my Lord. I began franticly looking around, making sure there weren’t any witnesses in case I needed to intervene or start a distraction of some kind. Then I moved closer to listen and watch some more. Tibby stepped over and pulled the bully to one side and away from the twins. Then he calmly and confidently said, “Well, we’re not playing jail, we’re playing follow-the-leader, and we don’t call one another stupid because that’s an ugly word—I can see why you use it.” The little girl giggled and covered her mouth with both hands. Butch’s eyes never stopped darting back and forth. “Thanks for asking my friends, but they have to go now.” 
Then he gave a calming gesture to the twins. “It’s all right, Butch wanted to play a different game, but he has a hard time making friends, huh, Butch?” Butch was beginning to panic, and then whined, wheezed, and fizzled out an inaudible burble. Tibby leaned his ear over to the incapacitated thug and said, “What’s that, Butch? You’re feeling ashamed and embarrassed and you want to stay up here by yourself for awhile?” There were only multiple blubbery fizzles combined with panicked grunts in his response. “That’s OK—that’s a good idea … we understand.”
The twins looked at one another, obviously having a little trouble connecting what they were seeing with what Tibby was saying to Butch. “We’re sorry, but it’s probably better that you can’t come with us to have ice cream. Besides, I think you’ve probably already had too many chicken nuggets for today.” Then he turned to the twins and said, “Okey-dokey, I think Butch here wants to be alone, you guys better go on down, and I’ll be right there, then we’ll all go get some yummy ice cream.” The little girl patted Tibby on the arm with admiration and appreciation as she and her brother smiled over his well mannered behavior. Then they both glanced at Butch once more with their smiles disappearing before they entered down the pipe slide.
Turning to Butch, Tibby changed his well mannered demeanor and in some kind of devil-possessed voice, he said, slowly drawing out each word for dramatic impact, “Don’t ever call me stupid, and don’t ever come in here again. If you do … I’ll make you disappear—forever.”
Of course I knew exactly where Tibby had acquired that warning. He flicked his index finger back and forth using his kinetic powers to lightly clunk the back of Butch’s head against the wall of the plastic cubicle with every word he said, sending absolute terror through the beefy debilitated bully. Butch whimpered uncontrollably and his eyes were widened beyond belief because he was so scared. I kept thinking, OK, Tibby, that’s enough, that’s enough—Good grief, I gotta get him out of here.
But he wasn’t done yet. He raised his other hand and said, “Teg-Kcab!” Instantly, the thug was forcibly crumpled backward into the opening of one of the connecting tubes, his body folded forward with his head scrunched down nearly to his knees with only his feet protruding out of the pipe tightly wedged—unhurt, but still immobilized. All the while he continued his grunting and burbling slobbery fizzles. Tibby wrinkled his nose slightly in revulsion, and in the little girl’s voice, he said, “Eww, you are gross.” Butch momentarily froze with shock.
Then Tibby turned away with complete composure as he calmly entered the pipe slide, turned around, snapped his fingers, and released Butch from his frozen state by saying, “E-Sa-eler” before he slid down the pipe to meet up with his new friends. They all skipped together to where Sam was sitting. I followed, trying not to hurry or appear concerned as I looked all about with brewing apprehension of any possible witnesses and worked out an emergency evacuation plan in my mind. When I met with the group, Tibby exclaimed to Sam and me, “Well, my Happy Meal worked.”
“Oh yeah,” I said. “How exactly did that work for you?”
“I’m happy-happy now,” Tibby chimed, smiling and twisting his torso back and forth with satisfaction.
Sam smiled over that unknowingly incomplete explanation, and although I was still uneasy, I couldn’t help but give a slight chortle, especially knowing all that had just transpired. When Tibby introduced us to his friends, their mother came over, all of whom he invited to have desert with us, which turned out to be perfect. So, I wasted no time in suggesting we leave the play area and go inside and I would treat everyone to an ice cream cone. I ordered them to go, passed them out, and discretely leaned over to remind Tibby to use only a little bit of his tongue with his licking. 
With ice cream cones in hand, we made our way out the door and into the parking lot, preparing to leave. More than once, Tibby’s new friends told him goodbye. In their final parting, the little girl ran back and kissed him on the cheek, saying, “Thank you again for saving us.” As far as Sam and the mother were concerned, this comment didn’t resonate as anything more than an innocent puerile attraction, typical to some make-believe recreation. They stood there watching with fairytale smiles on their faces, but of course I knew differently.
We walked over to the truck and Sam caringly wiped Tibby’s mouth with her napkin to give him a kiss goodbye. I lifted him into the truck and locked the door, and he sat there contentedly licking his ice cream while I rejoined Sam behind the truck for a moment of privacy. We leaned against the tailgate, holding one another in a one-arm embrace as we licked our cones. 
“Well Toby, I think we did it again. Tonight was pretty good, don’t you think?”
I answered with a modicum of truth. “I have to admit, I’m surprised there wasn’t a single incident that required my intervention.”
“Yup, that’s two-for-two,” she said with satisfaction.
About that time, our attention was distracted by a loud commotion and frantic bustling occurring at the Playplace. Someone let out with a brief screech, followed by subsequent short indecipherable shrieks. We could see it was coming from a very large woman who had reached a state of panic, and I had a good idea what it was about. We watched as two McDonalds’ employees scrambled about the outdoor structure, trying to assist her kid out of one of the play tubes, calling out, “He’s stuck. He’s wedged in the tube. How in the world did he do that? We better call the fire department to get him out.”
Sam focused her attention on the ruckus and said, “Now what?”
I feigned ignorance. “I don’t know. Not sure, exactly. Not only is this place nuts on Friday nights, apparently people don’t know how to take care of their unruly kids, either.” We stood there a bit longer, momentarily watching the oddity and disturbance taking place inside and out of the restaurant, sharing sideline comments as we finished our ice cream. In the distance we could hear the wails of sirens approaching. Tibby rolled his window down and laid his arm out resting his chin as he watched, grinning a little fiendishly as he finished the last of his ice cream cone. 
It was about time for us to go, but before I let Sam get away, I decided to clue her in on a matter that was pressing on my mind. “Listen, I know we’ve both been distracted with our grooming and testing Tibby while in his Sawyer character, and I believe that was a necessary and important job, but I’m ready to press on where I left off with that moaning business out at Beggar’s Swamp.”
“Yeah … I knew you would be, and I know you’re not going to let it alone till you get to the bottom of it. So, that was an obvious disclosure to tomorrow’s agenda?”
Her perception was spot-on. “You got that right.” 
“Well, you better get going, you guys have almost an hour’s drive, ‘cause I know you won’t drive as fast as I do.” She leaned forward and gave me a big, lasting kiss with her voluptuous, full, ice cream-chilled lips. “So here’s a goodnight kiss for you.”
I had a slight flashback of those original, first-time feelings, measured only to the level of affection exchanged at the moment, but it was still enough to remind me of how much I liked it. She touched me on the nose with her finger in a cute, girly goodbye gesture, spun around and walked to the driver’s side of her car while I stood there, stuck in thought. Then she waved vigorously after starting her car and backed out to go. I waved back, still daydreaming a bit, thinking about how lucky I was as I got in the truck and started it up.
As soon as I pulled out onto the boulevard, a large fire truck was coming around the corner behind us. Tibby rose up on his knees and turned around in the seat looking out the back window, watching as it pulled into the McDonalds parking lot. “Neat-o, a fire truck!”
“I watched from my rearview mirror. “Well, we certainly got out of there just in time.”
Tibby turned around and sat back down. “That makes three.”
I was at a loss. “Three what?” 
“Kisses—we’re supposed to keep track, remember?”
Slightly annoyed at the obvious lack of privacy, I said, “Yeah, yeah … I guess I did ask you to help keep track, didn’t I?”
Having made his point, Tibby nodded twice. I decided to kid around with him and said, “Are you sure it’s only three? I thought she got one more in there somewhere?”
He shook his head “no” two times and held up three fingers in my direction, and I knew better then to try to contradict him.
“Yeah, yeah … three. OK, three, I get it, I got it. Well you can’t blame a guy for trying.”
With his ice cream cone now a memory, Tibby thanked me over and over again, obviously very much taken with it. “Ice cream is yummy-yummy, but it takes longer to eat with a little tongue.” In the darkened truck, he couldn’t see my smile as I pictured the look on the little girl’s face when she saw his long tongue. We’d have to do something about this “little detail” in the future. 
Our drive home didn’t seem to take us long at all. We ended up getting back before ten o’clock, barely in time for Tibby to take his bath and for me to shower and make it to bed by eleven. He had morphed back to his natural character as soon as we stepped into the house, and after his bath he was scratching his chest and belly soothingly as we headed to our respective bathrooms. Later, when I tucked him in for the night, I gave him a kiss goodnight on the forehead and said, “We’ve had quite a day, lil’ buddy.”
He morphed his voice and face into the character of Stan Laurel and said, “We certainly did, Ollie,” as he returned a kiss to me on my cheek. Shyly, he smiled and shrugged his shoulders together with the character’s famous response, and morphed back as he turned to one side, yawned real big, and fell right to sleep.
<><><> CHAPTER 13 <><><>
One Mystery Leads To Another
AH, SATURDAY. Ofttimes, there’s so much in memory about that day that makes it extraordinary. To most, it merely warrantees the fact that it’s the beginning of two days off in a row for a typical weekly scheduled worker. Yet, for me, it still holds a longtime special feeling, like it did when I was a kid during summer vacation— an extraordinary excitement and anticipation I looked forward to that would start building as soon as I got up in the morning. 
I always had a plan or purpose. And depending on my agenda and its content, that would determine how soon I would start mowing the yard and performing various chores. If I had an important or time-sensitive event, I’d forfeit watching cartoons and get my chores done early. If I had an all-day Saturday adventure, I’d do my best to get all my chores finished on Friday so I could take off early Saturday morning as soon as I was up and dressed.
Ever since, I guess that’s why I fall back in reminiscence. There’s no doubt this feeling has become a permanent part of me, and today seems to be one of those days it manifest itself. I can remember, back when I was a kid, I’d usually start the day by getting up to watch all those classic cartoons. Somewhere during the early part of that first hour and a half was usually when my parents would be getting out of bed. Mom would always ask Dad what breakfast he was in the mood for, and that decided what we all had. Usually, it was homemade biscuits and gravy with bacon and sausage, sometimes two kinds, links and patties, with eggs over easy for Dad, scrambled eggs for everyone else, and homemade plum or apricot jelly on our toast. Then there was the exact same breakfast, except with homemade pancakes instead of biscuits. Either way, it was always wonderful.
Back before microwaves were introduced, Dad would have Mom set the syrup bottles in a pan of steaming hot water kept on the stove. He always used Karo brand white corn syrup as the breakfast condiment of choice for his pancakes and French toast. You were less than first rate in your class if you used anything different than Karo. To Dad, any kind of frozen or prepared breakfast foods were considered to be toxic waste, and frowned upon. I liked them just the same. Also, maple or fruit syrups and frozen waffles were all regarded in some way as highly inferior, and Mom and I would be regularly reminded of this at the table. It was usually set off by her preference for something different. She would typically respond by saying, “I don’t care, I like it,” or “Don’t worry about it.” Finally she’d say, “Oh, hush up, Robert, you don’t know what’s good,” or some combination of the three. The point being, we always had a country breakfast on Saturday. 
This morning, in view of the fact I didn’t have all the makings for a big country breakfast quite like that, and also because it was only Tibby and I, ours was limited to good ol’ scrambled eggs, toast with Smuckers Strawberry Preserves, and coffee—which was perfectly fine with Tibby. Besides, we had a large agenda to fulfill today and needed to get started on it—the sooner the better. 
After breakfast, we finished our kitchen cleanup and were out to the lab in record time. When Sam arrived shortly thereafter, she immediately scrutinized our activity. “Hi, guys, looks like the two of you are making a terrific mess of things.” She kissed me on the cheek with a “Hi, sweetie” as she set her things on her table, and we all exchanged our usual morning greetings.
“Obviously, it’s a good thing I got here when I did.” Her demeanor was one that truly reflected a relationship to one much more advanced or extended, even though we officially had just opened ourselves to a committed, “steady” relationship only four days ago. I saw it as yet another confirmation that our progressive special bond had started before we knew it—or at least before I knew it, anyway. 
Slightly irritated, she took command by stepping in front of me and starting to remove everything from the packs I’d been working on. “Stop, stop … before you totally goof this up. Ugh! This is all wrong. Here, let me do this. Oh, you guys. Go … go and put your boots on … or something like that, will you.”
I chuckled and said, “I was beginning to wonder if you were ever going to get here in time to take over.”
She didn’t look at me, but she did change her scowl to a partial smile and made no comment as she deftly rearranged and started repacking everything. Having Tibby carrying items back and forth, she got all the gear packed and ready for our hike in no time. “There, done.” She zipped and slapped the last pack with completion and satisfaction.
Meanwhile, I had changed into my jungle boots and finished packing the necessary and needed items in my haversack, of which I was more intimately acquainted. Like a teacher on a fieldtrip, I turned and announced, “There, done.” OK, boys and girls … are we ready to go?” 
Sam picked up her pack, threaded her arms through the straps and hoisted it on her back. “I’m ready.”
Tibby grabbed a smaller knapsack containing some extra energy bars and a small first-aid kit, and said, “Me comin’.”
“OK, let’s get started then, shall we … don’t lose your partner.” I headed out the door with my devoted companions following along. We loaded our gear into the johnboat, took in the lines, and then assumed our prearranged positions with Tibby at the front and Sam at the stern. I stood in the middle and started pushing away from the dock, poling and guiding us down the inlet on our way to the main channel to the property line at the Southeast bend. Poopsy was honking and giving us his usual farewell to our departure. I heaved into the pole to get the boat gliding at a respectable speed. Thinking out loud, I said, “Boy, its times like this I sure miss Claude.”
“Oh, yes, I miss Claudie too, Toby. Can we go and get him now?”
“No, I don’t think so, Tibby. First of all, I wouldn’t know where to begin to try to hunt him down. Besides, he’s exactly where he wants to be right now. He’s made it clear he’s going to stay close to Gracie. I’m sure he’ll be back when he’s ready.”
Sam said, “How much longer do you think that will be?”
“Well, gosh, let me think a minute … the incubation period is about sixty-five to seventy days. Whether or not he stays for that full term will be determined by his and her unique and natural characters. They’re neither one normal alligators anymore.”
“That’s for sure,” she said. “They weren’t normal, ‘normal’ alligators to begin with.”
We both laughed. What a beautiful day it was. Our slower travel under the burden of poling the johnboat afforded some extra attention that could be given to these magnificent surroundings. There’s always something new or a little different that’s offered on these trips and outings. Even seeing the sun shine differently on something I’ve seen many times before brings a new awareness and an appreciation for how the color and clarity of the water changes when viewed from different angles. That, and the life-giving water which continually proves itself as the center of sustenance, abundance, and activity of life everywhere—drawing critters out of the lush surrounding onto the narrow banks, coming and going all at various times and locations. Everything needs the water—so things that were missed in observation on previous trips are potentially available on the next. There’s always something new and different. Along with the more common and typical water-based wildlife, on this trip we happened to see a family of raccoons, and later there was a young white-tailed deer, which was a very rare treat. When we happened upon a particular location further downstream, Tibby turned to me and asked, “Where is Lontra Canadensis?”
“I don’t know, lil’ buddy … maybe she’s off exploring another body of water somewhere.”
“Lontra whosey-what’s-us?” Sam asked.
I smiled. “Tell her, Tibby.”
“Lontra Canadensis—the North American River Otter.”
Sam’s expression seemed to indicate she was slightly affronted, perhaps thinking Tibby and I were purposefully trying to exclude her. So I felt she at least deserved an explanation. “Sam … Tibby was inquiring about a little critter we had observed on the first trip he and I took together down this same channel. Eager to share my knowledge, I had prompted an animal identity quiz to him. But he took me completely by surprise by answering back with the taxonomic nomenclature. You know … the two, typically Latin names … the genus and the species.”
Her eyebrows peaked. “He took you by surprise? So, you didn’t know it, either?”
“Nope, I sure didn’t.”
She pondered a moment, looking satisfied over the equivalent conclusion. “Hmm, he’s quite a little smarty, isn’t he?”
“Oh yes, he certainly is.” 
Our trip was taking extra time, not just because of the extra people, but also because of the circuitous and convoluted route. It kept me thinking how I surely missed having Claude to pull the johnboat. I also had to stop and double check my map a couple of times to make sure of my turns into the proper inlets and channels. I hadn’t been this way in so long, so I took this opportunity to record a couple of new ones. Finally, we made it and entered into the large, southeast bend channel. As I pushed us further, we began to pass another inlet on our right. I gestured to it. “There—that’s the way Uncle Zeke and Uncle Henry, and also Scooter, would have come to get in here when they did their fishing.” 
About that time, Tibby rose up with excitement and pointed. “Lookie-lookie, Toby, there’s some trash.”
“That’s not trash, that’s what’s left of Scooter’s poor old shabby skiff.” Sure enough, a little further before the channel widened, we saw the pitiful remnants of a smaller johnboat scattered everywhere. It wouldn’t have taken much for this to happen as it was. “You guys help me watch … I don’t want to do the same thing Scooter did and sink us too.”
“Okey-dokey, Toby, me watchin’.” Tibby immediately stood at attention and raised one hand to shade his eyes as he began scanning about. This was hardly necessary due to his talents of perception.
Sam looked over the remains. “Good grief! How on earth did this thing of his stay afloat in the first place?”
I was as amazed as she was. “I have no idea. But, you know what they say, poor people have poor ways.” I wasn’t about to try to salvage any of Scooter’s boat because it was way beyond recovery. I did think it proper, however, to gather any and all items that were still usable and take them back to him—like his fishing accessories, net, line, hooks, and gear. I also found one end of a trot line that was tied to a cypress stump with the rest of it abandoned in the water. I lifted it out enough to see that the snoods weren’t baited. That also confirmed it was never tied off at the other end and set. “I’ll bet this was as far as Scooter got when he got scared and so distracted that he ran his boat up on that knee.”
I didn’t know if Sam or Tibby knew what I was talking about or not, but at least it satisfied my habit of talking to myself. I cut the line off of the stump and carefully rolled it up. “Tibby, you and Sam mind these hooks now … they’re rusty and dangerous. I don’t want either of you getting hurt.”
“Aye-aye skipper,” he said with a salute, which was as close to a “yes” as I was going to get—coming from Tibby, that is. I used a short-handled gaff to prod, poke, and move stuff around and to pull it closer to us as we gathered the few items we could find, separating and bagging the trash. Sam lifted the lid on her bench and told me to start handing her all the junk. I carefully began to pick up all the items and gear one by one and cautiously handed it to her as she smartly stowed everything we had recovered into the rear seat storage locker. She then dropped the lid shut, sat back down on it and folded her arms with satisfaction. 
“There. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to have to be stepping all around his rubbish, getting it all tangled up in my feet while we’re out here and all the way back home. Besides, like you said, those hooks are dangerous.”
She was right and I thanked her for the good idea. About that time, I noticed that Tibby’s ears had perked up to attention. “What is it, Tibby?”
“Umm, I can hear it, just a little.”
Sam and I both strained to hear what he might be hearing, but neither of us could detect anything. 
“Well, it’s time to move on a little closer, anyway.” I began to push us out away from the edge and closer into the middle of the channel.
“Move a little closer? A little closer to what, where are you going?” Sam asked with raised apprehension.
“I’m gonna move us around this bend to take a look at the inlet to Beggar’s Swamp.”
Her concerns amplified, and I heard a little panic in her voice when she said, “I thought you said you weren’t interested in investigating anything off your own property?”
“Technically, I’m not off my own property as long as I stay just this side of the middle of the channel.” She still wasn’t appeased and continued to act nervously. I pointed above the high thick grassy area to our left. “You see over there, about where that low spot in the grass ends?” They both looked in the direction I was pointing and nodded. “About seventy-five-yards or more in that direction is where we were standing the last time we were out here listening to that howling and trying to figure out where it was coming from.”
Sam looked quickly about, lining things up and deducted, “My goodness, there’s no way we could have walked over here from that point.”
“That’s right, that’s why I turned us around and went on home. If I had taken us the long way around by land, we’d have had to go way off the property to get as close and direct to this spot as we are now, and then we’d have had to wade or swim the rest of the way. Besides, it would have kept us out here well after dark. None of that area between here and there used to be this wet when I was out here as a kid. This channel we’re in is half again as wide as it was the last time I was here.” 
Just in case, and as a precaution, I said, “Tibby—time for Sawyer.”
Instantly, he morphed into his alter ego. 
I continued to push and direct our johnboat steadily around the bend as the inlet and entrance to Beggar’s Swamp finally came into full view. It was as creepy looking as ever. Where the channel splits, the right side narrows about a quarter of its width leading into a dark, blackened canopy of subtropical trees, vines, and plant life covered everywhere with tree ferns and Spanish moss hanging down low, forming a tunnel-like entry—creating what is called a hammock. Between here and there, in the middle of the main channel, still on this side of the fork, was a small islet. It used to be bigger, but at present, it was all but covered over because of the higher water table. On the near side, there was an old hardwood tree still standing in the middle that appeared to be dead. The rest of the small island was covered with swamp and saw grass.
I noticed that Tibby had focused his ears in the direction to the entrance of Beggar’s Swamp just before Sam and I both heard the moaning and howling begin. It wasn’t loud or sudden. It started low and slow and rose only slightly, like some kind of faint warning before it faded away.
“OK,” Sam said, drawing out the word with apprehension as she shifted uneasily in her seat. “So now we know where it’s coming from, and you said you weren’t going off your own property, so let’s get—” She didn’t get to finish her nervous suggestion to leave well enough alone and be on our way because the howling started back up and increased to a substantial level. Tibby’s eyes were about to pop out of his head. The wind had picked up a bit too, which wasn’t unusual. But it did make the water in the channel become a little wavy and choppy on the surface, which made my standing up to pole more difficult and risky, so I sat down before I had an accident.
Sam didn’t seem to understand the caution I was taking, and rising to the first stage of panic, she said, “What are you doing? What’s wrong with you? Don’t sit, get up! Get back up and get us outta here, for heaven’s sake!”
The howling got a little louder, and Tibby, already on alert, focused his attention on the source of the sound, then back to my and Sam’s activity. She was about to have a fit, and started to repeat her elevated concerns. That’s when I decided to take a more direct and aggressive approach. “Hey! Listen—first of all, calm yourself down. Nothing has happened except a noise we aren’t familiar with, that’s all. We’re all OK. Take it easy and don’t lose your cool. Follow my lead here—trust me.” I looked over at Tibby, and with a calming gesture of my hand I said, “It’s all right, lil’ buddy, everything’s fine, you just keep a focus on the location of that sound for me.” Sensing my controlled charge of things, Sam and Tibby both took my advice and were able to put their emotions in check. I handed the other oar to Sam, and then waited and did nothing, just sat perfectly still, listening and watching. Sam and Tibby did the same. I moved my oar through the water first on one side of the boat and then the other to keep the skiff pointed in the direction of Beggar’s Swamp and also keep it from drifting down the channel too much. 
The howling would rise slightly in volume and then drop, but there was nothing anywhere to be seen by any of us. It does sound like an old hound dog, I thought. I closed my eyes so I could listen more intently as the howling continued steadily, opening them only long enough to check our drift and use the oar to keep the boat pointed where I wanted it. When Sam caught on to what I was doing, she started paddling in similarity to help keep us in position so I could concentrate. A gust of wind picked up and blew against my face and I could sense at the same time how it pushed the boat back slightly, and the howling became louder and longer in duration and that’s when my awareness was ignited. I quickly open my eyes and started to paddle aggressively. “That’s it!” I yelled with excitement.
Sam perked up. “What? What’s it? What are we doing? Where are we going?” 
“I think I’ve found where the howling is coming from.” 
“Oh, Lord.” She started firing off questions with heightened concern as she helped paddle. “You have? You’re kidding—where? What is it, where’s it coming from? What did you see? Did you see something? How do you know? I mean, are you sure? Is it safe? Where are we going? We’re not going into Beggar’s Swamp, are we?”
She was rattling her questions off so fast I didn’t have an opportunity to answer her if I had tried. Tibby turned around to me, smiling and nodding with deduction. “We are going to the little island, huh, Toby?”
“You got it, lil’ buddy,” I said with a wink.
Once again, Sam seemed to feel sort of left out from not picking up on the evidence Tibby and I had apparently deduced at the same time. She continued to ask questions modified with a slight tone of aggravation and aggression, her fears now set aside. “The island where that dead looking tree is? What for? How could that determine where the howling is coming from?” With an instant look of shock after hearing herself, she seemed to have received an epiphany. Sitting more upright in her seat, she smiled broadly and said, “Ohhh—OK … I get it now.” 
Without any further conversation, harmonized in thought, we both quickly paddled over to the small piece of land and got out, pulling the boat up onto the muddy sand to keep it from drifting away. We walked up to the tree that was still howling and moaning with the slightest breeze of wind that moved through its large, broken-off, hollow limbs. I patted the tree and said to Tibby, “Here’s your swamp licky.”
Amused , he said, “Nooo, no-no, that’s not a swamp licky, Toby.”
“I know, but that’s what everyone thought was making the noise, isn’t it?”
He walked over and patted the tree for himself, looked up at it, meditated, and said, “Yeah … it is what everybody thought was a swamp licky. That was a pretty good trick, huh Toby?”
“Yeah, it tricked all of us, didn’t it?”
“Yup-yup, it tricked us all.”
I grabbed the backpack and passed out power bars and bottled water as we sat down for a break and talked about our discovery of the old tree responsible for the haunting of Beggar’s Swamp, and its terrific moral illustration. Gesturing toward the tree, I said, “You know, this is the perfect example of how people get such wild and crazy stories going. It always starts because of something that’s inordinate, bizarre, and untraceable. That’s how imagination, fantasy, and superstition take over. “Remember how it sounded like it was coming directly from Beggar’s Swamp? From what I can tell, because of where this tree sits, every position, in about a two-hundred and twenty-five degree spread from where everyone has heard it, made the association of it to be coming from Beggar’s Swamp. Our focus was on the swamp and our own presumption not only made us believe it was coming from some thing different, but from some place different than it actually was—a natural deception.”
Sam agreed. “Makes one feel kind of foolish after the fact, doesn’t it?”
“Well, better to be tricked once than to be a fool for life.”
“That’s true.” 
We continued on the subject while Tibby busied himself playing about the small knoll of land. He was poking here and there when Sam gazed in the direction of the entrance to the swamp. “Toby, look … what is that over there, anyway … is that a sign I see back in that entrance a ways? Do you see it … what does it say?”
“What sign? I don’t remember seeing any sign. Tibby, will you get my binoculars out of my haversack and bring them to me, please?”
Once in hand, I focused the binoculars. “You’re right, Sam. Boy, your eyes are sharp. There is a sign … fairly recent too, from the looks of it.”
“What does it say?”
“It says … ‘Trespassers will be shot dead!’ …with the Ss written backwards.”
Tibby scowled and set his fists on his hips. “That’s not very nice to write.”
Sam scowled too. “No, it isn’t very nice at all, is it? So what’s that all about?”
Feeling aggravatingly funny, I said, “Well essentially, that means no one is allowed on their property without expressed permission or invitation, and if you violate such, they will validate their warning by their preference of shooting you … uh, dead, no less … I believe the sign says.”
Sam was not amused. She tensed herself for a retort. “I know that’s what the sign means. I want to know what you think all the unwritten reasons are.”
Toying with her, I said, “Oh, yeah, I see. Well, that would be pure conjecture on my part.” I turned away to hide my grin, waiting for Sam’s frustration to escalate.
“What? What is that all about? Yeah, so—go ahead—that’s what I’m asking … ‘conjecture’ for me, I want to hear it. And quit being a clown, will you?”
I let a subtle smirk rise to my face and decided to quit while I was ahead. “Oh … I think it kind of supports what I’ve already told you about those people. I say people, but I mean the Beggars. It’s probably Kaden, if it’s anybody at all we’re talking about. From the condition of the sign, that’s what I’m guessing. He’s likely adopted the entire hateful characteristics of his father, probably worse, I would imagine. Even though he’s not likely to understand the technical laws of trespassing—that of not being allowed to shoot someone—doesn’t necessarily mean he wouldn’t do it. Like his dad, he’s detached himself from society and that’s the way he likes it. And if this is so, he’s probably become all the more disconnected and separate. That could be why he never goes to Zeke’s, even for basic supplies or personal needs.”
Sam drew her face up in revulsion. “Ugh … no soap or shampoo—oh my goodness, and no deodorant.” She shuddered slightly. “Gag—how awful.”
I laughed. “It’s a foregone conclusion they never introduced themselves to any concern of personal hygiene before, and they live in the swamp with no running water and no electricity to speak of. Just think about it.” I took a deep breath through my nose and exhaled. “Ah, the unmistakable bouquet of an outdoor privy.”
Sam shook her head in disgust, gagging slightly. She quickly pulled a hand over her mouth and said, “Oh, stop it! I can’t imagine it, not in this age, anyway.”
“Well, it’s not only evident, it’s something still in use—one will find privies from Kentucky to West Virginia and all across the South from here to the Louisiana Bayou.”
While we talked, I briefly noticed Tibby standing on the furthermost end of the small knoll of land, staring at the entrance of Beggar’s Swamp. He was focusing his ears, yet being careful not to overdo it as he would if he were under his natural persona. He stayed there, sort of in his recording mode while Sam and I talked and finished our snack. We paid little concern at the moment. I reassuringly patted Sam on her knee as I stood up and reached for her to take my hand, helping her get to her feet. “All right, we better move it. We’ve got a ways to go to get back to our own channel and inlet.” 
About that time, Tibby yelled. “Toby, Sammy … better come here … easy-easy, quick-quiet.”
He was more into the grassy area up to his knees, holding very still with his arms out in his defensive position. I wasn’t sure what this was about, but I was quite sure about his posture and what it meant. We were shocked to see that Tibby was face to face with a huge coiled Burmese python in strike position. As soon as it was in view, Sam and I stopped in our tracks. “Holy cow! Tibby, don’t let that thing get a hold of you!”
Tibby loudly said to the snake, “E-zeerf, d-loh th-git!” and then to us, “No-no … no squeezing Tibby today. I got a hold on her first, it’s OK, Toby.”
We stepped closer to see that Tibby had gotten the upper hand, so to speak, using his alien powers of physical manipulation. He was right. The snake was completely immobilized and helpless, and its size confirmed it was a female. It was probably over fifteen feet long with a girth of at least twelve inches. A beautiful specimen, but very dangerous—in all kinds of ways.
“Oh my heavens,” Sam said.
“This is only the second one I’ve ever seen this close up,” I said to her as I stepped nearer. “Tibby, you got a good hold on her, right?”
“Yup-yup. She wants to try to get away, but I won’t let her.”
I put my hands around the python’s massive midsection, feeling and compressing slightly as I proceeded down her abdomen. “She’s carrying eggs … a lot of them.”
“Yes, Toby, you are right. Uh-huh, there are 87 eggs total. Ohh … she does not like that and is very mad at you. She thinks she would want to kill you if she could.” He frowned, “That’s not very nice is it?”
“No, lil’ buddy, it’s not very nice at all, I’m afraid.”
“Good heavens, Toby, what are we going to do? You know the serious impacts this invasive species can cause. But, oh, she’s so pretty.”
Sam was right, and yes, I did know, quite well, as a matter of fact. This was a dilemma that posed a compromise to my principals of nature. I looked at the marvelous species of snake, admiring it for all the qualities and beauty it represented in the animal kingdom, then came to a bitter decision. With sternness I said, “Sam, I need you to go on back to the boat and wait for us there, please.” I gestured my head for her to go. This was something she didn’t need to see. I whispered some information and instructions to Tibby. He looked at me, nodded with a solemn expression and softly said, “Okey-dokey, Toby … I will.”
I walked away, saddened over the decision I was being forced to make for the sake of the environment, but thankful that Tibby understood. I put an arm around Sam’s shoulders. She already knew this was necessary, and I’m sure she liked it even less than I did.
“That’s really a shame,” she said.
I patted her. “I know it, I’m sorry too.”
We both know the tremendous negative impact Burmese pythons are having on the indigenous wildlife. There’s hardly anything they can’t kill and eat, even smaller alligators. It’s no wonder. This “invader species” has the perfect jungle atmosphere with which to take the stronghold they now have. Researchers claim that conservative estimates are that there are currently tens of thousands of wild Burmese pythons in the southern part of Florida. Technically, a mature female can lay up to a hundred eggs, although the average is thirty. They’re one of the largest snakes in the world, growing over twenty feet long and weighing up to two-hundred pounds. The young are born twenty inches long and reach ten feet within three years, ready for breeding. With Tibby knowing the exact number of eggs this particular snake was carrying, if it hadn’t been destroyed, it would only have added to a problem that is already out of control.
I hollered to Tibby then, saying we needed to load up. After Sam helped me push the boat back into the water, I held the front on shore for her to get in. For a moment, Tibby focused his attention again in the direction of Beggar’s swamp before he finally picked up his backpack and climbed into the boat without saying a word. Sam and I exchanged light conversation while I shoved off, jumped in and paddled our way back to the center of the channel on down to the shallow, narrower end where I could stand back up in the boat and move us faster with the push pole. Tibby glanced back to Beggar’s Swamp several times before it was out of sight, still maintaining his silence. Finally, I asked him if he was OK. He came out of his trance and turned to me with an obvious pretend smile. “Yup-yup, I’m okey-dokey, I guess.”
“Are you sure you’re all right?” I asked with concern in my voice.
“Um, did you guys hear anything?”
“You mean like the howling tree?”
“No, something else … um, birds.”
I took the opportunity to expand this topic to help get our minds off the snake. “Birds? Sure, they’re all around us, the largest concentration of variety in the United States. How many species are there, Sam?”
“Three-hundred and twenty-six currently,” she replied.
Tibby shook his head. “Umm, no … those are not the ones I hear. I mean different ones over in Beggar’s Swamp.”
“Well, it could have been any one of the species that Sam—” 
Interrupting me, Sam said to Tibby. “Are you saying you think you heard a bird that is different from all the indigenous birds here in the Everglades, like some new species?” 
Tibby nodded. “Yes … a lot of them.”
“Hmm … well, Sam and I don’t have the kind of sensitive hearing that you do, Tibby. You have to remember that.” Then I turned to Sam and said, “That’s something we might want to check out. It’d be pretty cool to discover a new species of bird, now wouldn’t it?”
“It sure would,” she agreed with excitement. “Good job, Tibby.” 
He smiled, but remained somber and quiet for more than an hour as I pushed us in the direction of home. No doubt, having to kill the python for me was disturbing to him. When we had arrived at a fork in the channel, I purposely looked behind us, checking on some things, and in a loud voice I said, “Hey, here’s the turn we would take to go to Zeke’s!”
Startled, Sam jumped. “Why are you yelling?” she hollered back.
“Oh, sorry. I think my ears are stopped up a little. I was saying … if we want to take Scooter’s stuff back to him, it won’t take twenty minutes to get there from here.”
“Sure,” she agreed. “Especially after what he did for you for lending him your boat. Besides, we won’t have to be there long, will we?”
“I don’t think so. I don’t have any more shopping to do … do I?”
Sam laughed, “You mean I don’t have any more shopping to do for you, don’t you?”
“Yeah, that’s what I mean all right.”
We laughed and talked and teased back and forth, with Sam finally getting Tibby to loosen up a bit and get into the act by soliciting his support for her side and her points. “Isn’t that right, Tibby?”
He morphed his facial expression and voice into that of Sylvester Stallone, and slurring the word said, “Absolutely.”
We had a great time with our fun and exchange of banter, and it wasn’t long until we were poling into the back inlet to Zeke’s. I was careful to point out that the incident and dispatch of that Burmese python was to be kept strictly to ourselves.
<><><> CHAPTER 14 <><><>
An Unsettling Reunion
ZEKE WALKED ONTO the front porch and leaned on the handrail, puffing bellows of thick white smoke from his pipe, watching us as we poled up to the dock to tie off the boat. “Well, now … is this a social visit or something?”
“Who is it, Poppa?” Ma called from inside the store. “Who’s out there?” Zeke didn’t answer, just held the door open for us as we stepped in, letting our presence answer her query. She was standing on a ladder, busied with her organizing and stocking and cleaning, craning her bony neck around to see who it was.
Her face lit up with delight. “Well lookie there! What brings y’all back so soon?” She carefully stepped down off her ladder to come give us each a hug, and then moved straight to Tibby, grabbing him in an embrace. “Hey, lil’ darlin,’ how are you? I was just thinkin’ about you.”
Tibby smiled and hugged Ma in return. “I’m good, Aunt Ma, how are you?”
“Oh, fine, fine, fine. What have y’all been doing today, fishin’ I bet?”
With his unerring talent for presenting the facts, he proudly blurted, “Nope, we went out to Beggar’s Swamp.”
Gad! I cringed. Straightaway, the room became silent as Zeke and Ma both turned with question and concern written all over their faces, looking directly at me for an immediate explanation. Although I actually wasn’t guilty of anything, I still couldn’t help but look and sound like I was guilty. To make it worse, I started stuttering like an idiot. “Now, uh … no, no, um … that’s not exactly right. We didn’t actually go into Beggar’s Swamp—we went as far as the islet, you know … that little island in front of it … and looked from there. Technically, we were still on my property—no reason for you all to worry.”
Zeke puffed out a huge gust of smoke and turned to Ma with a sigh and a disgusted tone to his voice. “I told ya that’s what he’d do, didn’t I?” Then he threw his thumb over his shoulder at Sam and Tibby. “But I didn’t know he’d take these two silly-willys out there with him.” 
Ma shook her finger and scolded me slightly. “Goosy-gander, what in the world is wrong with you?”
In my defense, Sam said, “He didn’t have any choice about me and Tibby—that was my doing. I decided he didn’t have any business going out there by himself. We went along to keep him from going any further than he did.”
Still perturbed, Zeke scratched the back of his head, pushing the brim of his hat down over his brow at the same time, and then pushed it back and adjusted it as he spoke. “Well, that does make a little bit of sense … I guess maybe it was a good thing you were there. Don’t want any trouble gettin’ started.” 
Seizing the opportunity of pardon, I changed my expression to a shrewd and cunning look of triumph and said, “We figured out that howling mystery. Know what it was?”
“Is that right? What was it?” Zeke asked.
“All it was, was that big ol’ tree on the little island—it was the wind blowing through the dead hollow limbs.”
“Well, I’ll be hanged,” he said with a grin of personal achievement. “See there, told ya it was natural, didn’t I? We were all bamboozled, weren’t we? Wait’ll Scooter hears about this. I’ll sure get a kick outta telling him it was an ol’ howlin’ tree what scared the peanuts outta his M&Ms.”
I chuckled and then remembered—“Speaking of Scooter, Sam and I gathered as much of his tackle and gear as we could salvage out there and brought it back for him. Uh, do you mind if I dump that bag of trash here too?” Zeke nodded his approval.
Then Ma interrupted, saying, “Aw, that was sweet, he’ll appreciate that y’all went an’ done that.”
“Is he not down at the shop? I didn’t hear or see him when we arrived.” 
Zeke shook his head, “Nope, he’s off trying to make some kind of a deal on a skiff with Waller Neddy.”
As usual, Sam was unable to contain her inquiring, non-swamp-folk nature and rolled her eyes as she repeated, “Waller Neddy, now who in the world is that?”
Zeke and I laughed but Ma only snickered. I said, “Waller Neddy’s actual name is Walter, which was contracted down to ‘Wally.’ He got the ‘Waller’ nickname from looking so dirty all the time. Folks said he always looked like he’d been wallerin’ with the hogs.”
Ma chimed in, saying, “He’d even look dirty in his Sunday-go-to-meetin’ clothes.”
Zeke nodded. “He sure did.” Then he got Sam’s further attention by saying, “And he gets as hyped up and goofy acting as Scooter. Those two are thick as thieves and crazy as bed bugs.”
Ma cawed, “When the two of them get together, it’s like watchin’ two bumble bees in a mason jar.”
Sam giggled over her vision of all of these country-folk metaphors as Zeke topped that last portrayal by saying, “More like two beetles scramblin’ over a dung ball.”
As we were laughing, I was trying to remember something. “I forget, what is the name of that big ol’ gal that Waller married?”
Ma and Zeke both said, “Squeaky.”
“Oh, yeah, that’s right—Squeaky. Squeaky Neddy.”
Sam looked puzzled, so Zeke volunteered some particularly unique background information for her benefit. “Waller is just a short, lil’ ol’ twig of a man, and Squeaky is this big an’ heavy, humongous Amazon of a woman that towers over him. She’s just as sweet as she can be, but silly—as silly and goofy acting as Waller. They were absolutely made for one another, that much is for sure.”
Ma nodded in agreement. “Poppa’s right, she sure is … she’s silly as a goose.” 
Zeke continued his descriptive line of thought. “Being a big woman such as she is, the huge cheeks of her hind-end stick out so far that when she walks, it looks like two midgets wrestlin’ in a gunnysack.”
Shocked, Sam said, “Oh, my Lord. But I don’t understand her nickname since she’s not little and tiny. I sort’ve imagined a mouse of a woman. Why do they call her ‘Squeaky,’ just to be mean or something?”
Zeke chuckled, “Nope. It’s ‘cause she makes the floorboards squeak everywhere she walks.”
We all hollered and got a good laugh over Zeke’s colorful country similes and local folk history. Meanwhile, Ma was leading Tibby over to the candy jars for a free sample of his choosing as we continued to jest back and forth first about one thing then another. About that time, the screen door opened, creaking long and slow, drawing all our attention—a feature that helped to serve as a substitute door bell or a chime letting the business owner know a customer had entered their store. 
We instinctively became quiet and turned to see who was coming in. I didn’t know about the others, but there was no doubt in my mind that it was Kaden Beggar. He walked in slowly with his head bent over, his skuzzy beat-up hat with two bright blue feathers tucked in the band pulled down low to his brow. When he finally looked up, we could see his odd, deformed looking face with narrow slit-like eyes that looked like they were melted shut. Since I had seen him last, his face had become even more scarred and pitted. It was disturbing.
He was not quite as tall as me and much narrower across the shoulders, and lanky. He was dressed in the same destitute fashion and dirty condition as he and his father were the first time I ever saw them. The most identifying feature was what he was carrying across his back. It was Marion’s infamous single-shot breechloader, big-bore Browning rifle, which I could never forget.
Zeke was first to break the silence. Although it seemed to take him forever, it was still his place to say something—after all, it was his store. He puffed out a wisp of smoke and calmly said, “Well, Kaden Beggar … what can we do for ya?”
He glared at everyone in the room in turn, just like old times, I guess you could say. All he did was nod his head one time in Zeke’s direction and take the question as an invitation to step further into the store. He let the door slam behind him as his eyes continued to scan each of us, one at a time. Then he looked about, stepping slowly, seemingly inspecting the surroundings as if he was stepping into some kind of a trap, and otherwise reacquainting himself since the last time he had been here. 
Zeke took his pipe in hand and used it as a pointer as he firmly instructed, “Kaden, for future reference and from now on … you’re gonna have ta check that rifle before you come in here, son. I don’t allow any weapons in the store anymore.” 
He gave no response so Zeke began to repeat his comment. Kaden turned around, highly annoyed, and rudely cut him off, “Aye heared ya. Aye’l check it fer ya next trip. Ain’t a walkin’ back down to my skiff just as yet.”
I thought Scooter was bad, but Kaden spoke everything in a slow and very heavily southern, hillbilly drawl, like he had to think of every word before he said it, and it came out sounding like his tongue was numb.
Zeke glared, paused for a moment, and said, “From now on, you see to it that you do. Now then, are you here for any goods or supplies? ‘Cause I’m sorry to say, there’s no bartering anymore, either, we’re strictly cash on the barrelhead.” 
Kaden never interrupted his survey of the room, just said, “How many cans of Prince Albert ya got?”
Zeke stepped behind the counter of tobacco goods where Kaden was facing.
“Looks like I’ve got four cans right now, I believe.”
“Aye’l take ‘em. Ya got any pouches of Cap’n Black?”
“Yes, sir, I got half a dozen, looks like.”
“Aye’l take all-a-that … an’ a brick of your chawin’ tabbacca too. That’d be all I’m a needin’, aye ‘spect.”
While Zeke was gathering those items together, Kaden turned and stepped slowly over to me, cocked his head slightly, giving me a full visual inspection of sorts. 
“Aye seen youse—down near my place this marnin’. Whaddaya doin’—you wantin’ sumpin’ er other?”
Sam glared at him with daggers in her eyes, looking for any excuse to get to say something.
Unphased, I looked Kaden right in his ugly face. “Well … we were having a nice picnic, why?”
“Aye don’t like tresspassers … that’s why.”
“We weren’t trespassing, that’s neutral ground. As a matter of fact, it’s still on my side of the center of the channel, which is the dividing line, which in turn technically makes it my property, and that gives me the right to go there any time I like, now doesn’t it? So, like I already said, Kaden, we weren’t trespassing. So don’t fret yourself over it.”
He stepped over to an urn that was setting next to me on the floor and spit a big nasty gob of tobacco juice into it, trying to look and act like a tough guy. “It were close enough, an’ I didn’t like it. Thar’s sumpin’ yer up to, an’ I don’t want no snoopin’ ‘round my place. I done wrote me a sign an’ put it out thar too.”
Nodding, I sort of sang each word with a feigned, annoying sweetness to make him mad. “Well, good - for - you.” It worked; maybe too good. He hunched up a little, leaned further in my direction and squinted his face repulsively at me. Snarling, he said, “Aye don’t like yew.”
“Gee … that’s too bad, ‘cause I really like you.”
Tibby let out a giggle and Ma put a hand over his mouth and whispered a warning in his ear.
Kaden didn’t say or do anything about it, but all of this made him madder, and he was showing it. Before he could say anything, I decided to go ahead and let him know exactly what I thought about him since I had some inside information. After all, he was the one who’d gotten personal and opened the indelicate conversation. Stepping presumptuously close, I said, “Listen here, Kaden, let’s get something straight between you and me … I already know you don’t like me, but then again, you don’t like anybody, so I don’t care—that’s a problem you’ll just have to work out on your own. 
“You come out of the swamp for only the second time over a period of almost … what, twenty years now? Then you follow us here to Zeke’s and come walking through the door right behind us on the pretense of merely stopping in to buy tobacco. And then you boldly accuse me of trespassing when you know I didn’t—and then you try to threaten me, scare me? I’m not quite sure what this is all about, but it doesn’t work. You’re just not that clever. And by the way, you don’t intimidate me. Here’s some good advice for you: you’re the one who better be careful, you got that?”
The room was dead with silence and I saw Sam’s jaw drop on hearing my words.
“Jus’ whatta yew sayin’?”
I confidently walked up and sided-in closer, just in case he decided to try something. I couldn’t help but let my spirit of aggression loose a little. “I’m saying this: You don’t know me, Kaden … you don’t know anything about me or what I’m capable of doing.” 
He became very uneasy when I stared him down with malevolent eyes of hatred and contempt. I didn’t care—the gloves were off. So I decided to intimidate him further. I eased up a little when I added, “I’ll tell you another thing—you’re the one who’s guilty of trespassing. For you to get here that soon after us the way you did, you had to follow us in the same exact direction we took. Remember that narrow channel, the one that veers off to the left from the big open channel to here? That’s all on my property, Kaden, but you already know that, don’t you? It would have taken you another, oh, probably a good hour and a half if you hadn’t taken my shortcut. Isn’t that right?”
Kaden’s face went blank. He didn’t know what to say. I’d trapped him and it flustered and aggravated him. He was humiliated, and then he got mad over it because he knew I was on to him. Finally, he stepped even closer to me and his tobacco-stained mouth snarled, “Yew can’t prove nuthin’, ‘cause yew didn’t see nuthin’.”
Zeke saw fit to interrupt at this point, hoping he would disarm the tension in the air that was building. “That’s enough, you two! Kaden, I won’t have any trouble in here—it’s time for you to settle-up your bill an’ git, before I change my mind.”
Kaden decided to heed Zeke’s warning and stepped back over to the counter where his irresistible tobacco purchase was wrapped up and tied into a single, brown paper bundle. He reached into the breast pocket of his filthy-grungy bib overalls and shocked all of us when he pulled out a folded roll of hundred dollar bills as thick as your arm. He proudly peeled one off and arrogantly threw it down on the counter to Zeke, then stuffed the roll back into his pocket with a smirk on his face.
I thought Zeke was going to faint. He looked down at the bill, looked back to Kaden, and then looked back at the bill again. The two obviously contradicted one another. Kaden leaned on the counter with one arm, sneered at Zeke, and said, “Cash on the burrel-head, thas what yew said, wudden it?” and looked over his shoulder at me with a snarled smirk.
Zeke remained mute and nodded in a slow and confused manner as he picked up the piece of currency and held it up to inspect it as genuine. 
“Then aye’l be getting’ some change back from yew, aye ‘spect.”
Kaden turned and smirked at everyone like he’d done something magical and had us all spellbound. But what he actually did was tell on himself. Only he didn’t know it at the time. Zeke fetched the necessary change and set it on the counter in front of him as he crudely wadded it up in his fist and stuffed it into his pants pocket. He then nodded to Zeke one time and with a condescending tone said, “‘Preciate that … is good ta see ya’s.” He gathered his bundle of tobacco under one arm, turned to Ma, tipped his skuzzy hat, and said, “Ma’am,” and started to go out the door when he stopped and looked at me with a demonic grin, exposing his nasty looking zombie teeth. Giving me a nod, and with presumption, he said, “Aye’l be seein’ yew.” 
Knowing this was his way of trying to shake me up, it didn’t work. I didn’t give him the pleasure of any reaction, knowing that would keep him off balance—kind of throwing it back on him. Zeke was cleaning out his pipe and re-stuffing it, slowly following behind Kaden as he walked out of the store. None of us said a word. He stayed out on the front porch long enough to light up his pipe and watch Kaden pole away in his johnboat. Finally, he stepped back in the store, pulling his pipe smoke inside with him. With his hands braced flat against his backside, he glanced over his glasses, smiled coyly at me and said, “He’s headin’ on out … and uh, looks like he’s takin’ the long way home too.” 
Finally, given the change of atmosphere, Sam was the first to speak, and she was fit to be tied. “Boy, what a big creep—he sure has a lot of nerve!”
Tibby echoed, “Yeah, he’s a cweep—I don’t like him.”
Ma shook her finger in the air like a bony scepter, “He needs his ears boxed—that boy does.”
Zeke shook his head, not in defense, but in tradition. “He’s not right in the head, that’s all.”
“Obviously,” Ma squawked, “that’s why he needs his ears boxed, I tell ya … to help him get his head on straight!” Then she turned her attention back to Tibby and tickled him lightly and confirmed her point to him saying, “I’d be good for him … wouldn’t it, hon’?”
Zeke smiled over Ma’s comments as she ranted to Sam and Tibby and then came over and patted my shoulder. “Son, you were a lot more tactful than I woulda been. Not many men these days can stay calm when another man falsely accuses ‘em. And you were pretty sharp there, figuring out how he got here so quick behind y’all. You sure took him by surprise—he didn’t like gettin’ caught like that, that’s for sure. That right there was like a good punch in the guts.”
I appreciated what Zeke was saying, but didn’t want to gloat. “You sure reminded me of your dad,” he concluded, and that last remark was a trophy worth receiving. Anyone who felt about their Dad the way I did would be highly complimented. “Thanks Zeke … that means a lot—but I didn’t want any trouble for you and Ma here in your store.”
He adjusted his pipe. “It wasn’t your fault. Lotta times trouble follows a man wherever he goes, whether he brought it upon himself or not—such as this case, here and now. I’m afraid that’s just the way it is for Kaden. He’ll never be any different.”
Reflecting over everything that had happened, I said, “‘The wicked is snared by the transgression of his lips …’”
Zeke smiled and added, “‘…but the just shall come out of trouble.’”
Sam’s anger had turned to appeasement. “That was pretty sharp of you, Toby. Did you see Kaden’s face when you said what you did? How red and mad he got? How in the world did you know he had done that … following us and taking the same way?”
“Well, I didn’t let him know he was wrong when he said I hadn’t seen anything, but I knew he was behind us shortly after we got started on our way here, that he was following us. Here’s why. Because of the fact he always has to go up and down that deep main channel, along the property line, he uses a much longer push pole instead of an oar like we did.”
“Yeah, so?”
“So, when he poles in the shallows, the way we came, the grass was low enough in the turns between him and us, I could see his push pole sticking way up over the plants and grass when he’d lift it up. That’s what gave him away—that and moving his boat too fast and chopping the water in front of the bow once in awhile.”
Sam smiled and pointed at me with revelation. “So that’s what you were doing out there when you were yelling about taking the turn to come here. You were saying it loud enough for Kaden to hear, weren’t you? You were laying a trap for him, leading him along. Pretty clever there, big guy.”
I winked back at her. “It’s all about knowing your game. Just ‘cause I never hunt doesn’t mean I never learned how.”
Ma leaned over to Tibby, pointing at her head. “See there, Toby’s got a good head on his shoulders—he’s a sharp cookie!” Then she winked and clicked her tongue to emphasize her point.
Zeke made me smile with appreciation when he said, “Yup, you’re just like Robert, all right. That kooky boy sure goes to a lot of unnecessary trouble in wantin’ to be a hermit like his daddy—bunch of crazies.”
I didn’t respond to that point because I had my own thoughts and I didn’t feel I should discuss them in front of Zeke and Ma. Besides, the need to finish the business of our visit still hadn’t been completed as yet. So we told Ma goodbye and gave her a hug. Zeke followed the three of us down to unlock the workshop and Sam helped me carry the items we had brought back for Scooter. “Y’all set it right up there on his bench where he’ll find it first thing in the morning when he comes in.” 
After Zeke locked the shop, we were ready to go. “Thanks Zeke. Sorry again for any trouble on my part, but if Kaden comes back here for any reason, I’ll want to be informed about it, OK?”
“Sure, sure, I understand, but I don’t think that’s likely. I’m not worried about it, and don’t you be worrying about it neither. Ma keeps that shotgun of hers pretty handy. Anybody that would mean to do us any harm, she’d blow a hole in ‘em big enough to pitch a dog through. Ma and I appreciate you-all. Now, you got lil’ Tibby here to think about. Toby, you just remember what I told you back in the day—you take care around that lil’ zombie, he’s nuts in the head.”
“Oh, I’ll remember. I know you’re right, we’ll all be careful. Thanks for the warning.” I shook his hand, Sam and Tibby each gave him a hug, and afterward we loaded ourselves into the johnboat and started to head back home before it got any later. I thought, I have a date tonight!
Tibby, still in his Sawyer character, stayed quiet and was listening to us talk, knowing that the serious atmosphere and adult conversation was to be respected. However, like all young persons, it didn’t last when the atmosphere changed and lightened. Due to it being just the three of us, he felt the need to ask some questions about some things he’d seen and heard back at Zeke’s.
“Toby, that Kaden man is a bad person, huh?”
“Yes, I’m afraid he probably is.”
“Why-cause is he so bad?”
“There are probably a lot of reasons, Tibby—too many things to try to explain. He’s always been a bad person ever since I’ve known him, usually doing something he shouldn’t. He enjoys being a crazy, mean person. Did you see and hear how he acted in Zeke’s?”
“Yeahhh … is he for really a zombie too?”
I guffawed. “No, that’s just a figure of speech, that’s all.”
“Oh, OK. That’s good. Otherwise a shotgun may not work anyway, huh?”
I laughed again, “Nope, you’re right—I’m afraid a shotgun may not work at all, would it.”
I could tell that Sam had been building on her thoughts too, and had waited to comment on some things that occurred. “So what do you think that ‘lil’ zombie,’ as Zeke calls him, was actually up to, anyway?”
I thought of multiple things all at the same time. “For one thing, more than anything else, I think he was looking for information.”
“Information? What kind of information?”
“Well, I think he probably wondered if for some reason, after all these years, that I would consider invading his privacy. Little does he know, I couldn’t care less … at least until now.”
“Oh? Why, has that changed for some reason?”
I became inspired and intense with detail. “Sure, but not enough that I could justify any illegal snooping around. Here’s the thing … why all of a sudden, simply because we happened to be in that area, technically still on my property, would he be so concerned about trespassers? Then he goes to the trouble to follow us all the way to Zeke’s, a place he hadn’t gone to for a long time. Then he makes a point to tell me, directly, no one else, ‘I done wrote me a sign, and put it out there too!’ He made a big deal about that, you remember?”
Sam considered everything I was saying, making recollection. “Yeah, I do remember … but, I don’t know … like Zeke said, he is nuts in the head, and he was also trying to act like a tough guy. Maybe that’s all it was about, you know, or dredging up old grievances? Maybe he was hanging back, hiding in his swamp watching us all that time, trying to figure out why we were out there. As a result, he’s imagined all kinds of wrong things—you know, like a chain reaction of assumptions. After all, you didn’t tell him what we were actually doing. You said we were just having a picnic. What a joke.”
Tibby said, “Yeah, ha-ha, very funny joke, Toby.”
With a light shade of deception, I said, “We were having a picnic.”
“But that wasn’t the real purpose of our trip out there. You told him that in a way that was misleading and deceptive and he knew you were being snide … and that’s what you wanted!”
Sam was right, and my appearance let her know that I knew too. “Yeah, maybe, but only as far as he thought he knew. Nevertheless, there’s still one other thing that doesn’t fit.”
“Oh, and what’s that?”
“That big wad of money he pulled out, that’s what. He probably had over five-thousand dollars there. Where’d he get a load of cash like that? I’ll bet that boy’s never had more than two-hundred dollars in his hands at any one time in his life. So where’d it all come from?”
Sam began calculating the possibilities. “Insurance money? Or maybe he filed for and is cashing his dad’s Social Security checks?”
“No way. Most of the mail for the swamp folk on this side of Whitewater still goes through Zeke’s store, and they would have said something about that a long time ago. Besides, Kaden’s not that smart.”
Then Sam grinned with what she thought was the winning answer. “I betcha I know where he got it.”
“Yeah, where?” I asked with increased interest.
“Selling shrunken heads on eBay!”
I found that hilarious and we all laughed over that one, although I wasn’t totally convinced Tibby knew exactly what he was laughing about. Eventually, the concerns we raised over the unsettling reunion with Kaden and his peculiar behavior had all but diminished. Who knows? Sam could be right. It very well could have been a simple chain reaction of coincidences. But still, having all that money bothered me. That was a baffling piece of evidence … but connected to what?
Finally, I lost my distraction, because Sam had begun a new conversation talking about our date that night. “… and I brought a change of clothes with me. After I freshen up a bit, brush my hair, and put on a little bit of makeup, I’ll be ready to go.”
Mentally adjusting, I was able to resolve the first part of her unheard comments, and my mood quickly changed as I put my troubled thoughts to the side and began to anticipate our evening together. “That sounds good to me. I know one thing for sure, After all this poling today, I’ve got to take a shower and shave again, but that won’t take me long at all.”
We had finally made it back to our inlet, and Poopsy distinctively announced our arrival. Tibby stood ready, holding the front bowline, prepared to tie off at the dock while I prepared the stern, making ready for us to climb onto the dock. Although the odds were not likely, there was always a chance that someone could be around and we wouldn’t know it. Due to Tibby’s keen senses, I reasoned he would likely know, but I wanted to make sure. “Tibby …”
“Yes, Toby?”
“Are you able to hear and detect if there is anybody out in our swamp close by, maybe around the lab or the house, hiding out and spying on us? If so, you would let me know, right away, wouldn’t you?”
“You betcha … that’s easy. I would know if I wasn’t trying.” Then he leaned toward me, wringing his hands a bit with mild concern. “Why, do you hear something, Toby?”
I smiled, thinking that such were the traits of innocence. “No, lil’ buddy. I just want to make sure that no one is ever around before I tell you it’s OK for you to change back. You know … because no one is supposed to see that happen, right?”
“Right-o!” He winked and clicked his tongue like Ma had done. He never misses or forgets anything someone says or does, I thought.
“OK, go ahead. If you’re certain it’s all clear, you can change back if you want to.” 
Instantly he whorled back to his natural self, smiling, scratching, stretching and rubbing his hands over his body, “Oh, thank you, it feels so good to get out of those clothes.”
Sam and I had to laugh at that. Once inside the house, I went to take my shower while she used Tibby’s bathroom to freshen up and change her clothes. She was all ready and waiting for me by the time I finished getting dressed and had walked into the living room. She looked absolutely stunning. In spite of the fact that her conservative everyday work clothes could never hide her curvaceous female attributes, her change of clothes accentuated those features and made her look like a cross between Ellie May Clampett and Daisy Mae. With her very shapely and attractive, hourglass body style, she could pass as a masterpiece of Alberto Vargas. My spell subsided when she sweetly and gleefully chimed, “Hi, I’m ready to go.”
Overtaken by her striking appearance, I didn’t respond right away because I was trying to get my eyes pushed back into my head. “Yes, yes … you certainly are.” Still standing there, staring with captivation, I slowly said, “Wow, Sam—you … you look absolutely stunning.”
She blushed. “Thank you.”
“Uh … uh … we’ll go … on your date, I mean our date”—I was stuttering like a goof— “as soon as I’ve tibbed to talkie … I mean, talked to Tibby … about a few things.” Then I bumped into a table.
She coyly smiled, shaking her head at me. “You’re so silly. Sure, that’s fine—we’ve still got plenty of time.”
I sat down at my desk and called Tibby over to talk about some important rules. “Tibby, the first thing is, never go outside when I’m not here, that’s strictly off limits—and don’t ever open the door, and don’t peek out the windows if someone comes and knocks. Stay perfectly quiet and undetected, OK?
“Okey-dokey, Toby.”
“Keep the shades down and the lights low, don’t let anyone see any movement in the house, and don’t make a sound. Remember to always remain as undetectable as possible, OK?”
Then with excitement and anticipation he said, “Okey-dokey, but if there’s a burglar, do I get to call 911?” 
“No, gad! You don’t need to call 911. There won’t be any burglars … good grief. They’d get lost trying to find this place. Besides, you already know how to take care of yourself, and I’m not worried about that, so there isn’t any reason for you to be. You don’t have to be afraid to do whatever it would take to protect yourself. Remember? Like when we first met … that kind of thing. Got it?”
“Oh, yeah, I got it!”
“Besides, there’s never been any record of a break-in in our community in its existence.”
Tibby tipped his head with misplaced consolation and said, “Awe, that’s so nice, huh, Toby?”
Antsy to get going, I dismissed his impromptu interjection. “Yeah, yeah, very nice—OK, there’s pizzas in the kitchen, which you already know how to fix, and you’ll remember the rules of no messes too, right?”
“Oh, yes, I surely will, promise.”
“Good, then you can have a pizza tonight.”
“Oh boy! Thank you, Toby.”
“You’re welcome, lil’ buddy.”
There wasn’t much more I could think of—perhaps the simpler the better. “Well, Sam and I are going to go now, but I won’t be out too late. That way you won’t have to worry about being here by yourself for longer than necessary—all right? Good … come lock the door behind us.” 
I motioned for Sam to come on, and we started out the door as she turned to Tibby, gave him a kiss, and said, “Bye, Tibby, be good.”
“I will—and you guys will be good too. Then, I’ll be OK, and you don’t have to worry for me just fine.” Then, as if he needed secret permission, he moved closer to me and whispered off his hand, “Um, Toby, can I make popcorn after pizza and still watch TV until you get home?”
“Sure, but no messes,” I whispered back.
With continued secrecy he said with a wink, “Nope, no messes. Okey-dokey, Toby.”
<><><> CHAPTER 15 <><><>
A Date to Remember
BECAUSE OF DIRECTION AND DISTANCE, it only made sense for Sam to take her car and follow me, at least as far as the quick-stop and gas station nearby. Then she would leave her car there and we’d ride the rest of the way together in my truck. Once we arrived, I got out to throw the trash bags in one of the dumpsters and motioned Sam over to the car pool area for her to park. Wasting no time, she hopped into my truck and slid right next to me when she touched down in the seat. I felt we both had the impassioned anticipation of this long awaited moment, and she proved it first thing when she grabbed my face and gave me a big, long, whopper of a kiss. I wasn’t expecting that, and I didn’t even get a chance to get a full breath before she locked onto me. My goodness, I thought. What a great way to start our date.
After buckling herself into the middle seatbelt and wriggling herself into place, she hooked her arm around my driving arm. “Let’s get this party started, boyfriend!”
“I’m all for that, girlfriend.”
We pulled out with a wave to the clerk in the store as we passed by the front doors and started down the road to the restaurant. Sam bobbed and shifted in her seat with eagerness. “OK, so tell me about this restaurant you’re taking us to.”
“Well, The Front Porch is a landmark all-you-can-eat, home-cooked, catfish-and-chicken restaurant off highway 41 that has been around as long as there’s been people carving a living in this part of Florida. They also serve a catch-of-the-day seafood variety that comes in right from the gulf. That’s why Saturday is usually the best night to go there to eat … more to choose from. 
“Its run by the Coushing family, who got it started back in the day when four, ‘weekend fishermen,’ as Zeke calls them, were out past dark fishing in a small outboard and hadn’t caught a single thing all day. They had finally given up and were motoring back when they got themselves lost. In so doing, they caught the smell of fish frying, and having not eaten all day, plus getting lost in the channel, they just couldn’t resist. So they followed the overpowering ambrosia to its source that ended at the Coushing’s home. The men docked their boat, got out and came right up to the house—initially for help with directions. After telling their story of their bad luck fishing, staying out too late after dark, getting lost, and then how the smell of the family’s catfish fry and country cooking was the tantalizing sign of civilization—which was too good to resist—their famished condition was aroused beyond control, and they eagerly offered to pay to each have a dinner plate of home-fried catfish. 
“Well, the family had cooked so much and felt so sorry for them that they did just that. They got out some old folding chairs and set up a cinderblock and plank table of sorts, and served each of those guys big plates of food right there on their front porch. Along with the catfish fillets, they were served hush puppies or corn bread, coleslaw, pinto beans, grilled corn on the cob, wheat pilaf, snap beans—all they could eat—and all the sweet tea they could drink. Afterward, the men paid graciously—claiming that it was the best fishing trip they ever had, and they vowed to come back, if it was all right. 
“After that, the word got around that the Coushings were doing a regular Saturday night catfish-fry. That did it. It didn’t take long. Folks from all over started showing up every week, offering money to get to eat on their front porch. The family knew a good thing when they saw it, and that’s how the restaurant started. It grew strictly by word of mouth and has been going strong ever since. They kept adding on whatever space they needed onto the front porch to accommodate people as best as they could until finally they built the two big dining-hall buildings and converted the old house into one big kitchen. 
“Then, because not everybody in some families enjoys fish, it wasn’t long before they added home-fried chicken tenders and mashed potatoes and gravy. So now you can order all you can eat of catfish, or chicken, or both. Plus any and all the side dishes you want with it.”
“Well, isn’t that something. It’s kind of a Cinderella story, isn’t it? So, do they do all their own fishing too?”
“Oh, no way, not any more. They do way too much business nowadays keeping the restaurant going. Live, farm-raised catfish are brought in weekly by the truckload, and the catch of the day is always fresh-caught fish brought from the gulf and sold to them by the locals throughout the week, and especially on Saturdays. And they started a business with another part of the family that raises, processes, and supplies all the chicken they serve. But I’ve saved the best part for last.”
“And what might that be?”
“Desert,” I said, with a ring in my tone.
Sam’s eyes sparkled. “Oh?” 
“Oh, yeah. They have homemade pecan pie, sweet potato pie, real key lime pie, and lemon cake, coconut cake, and chocolate cakes that are out of this world.”
She raised her fists under her chin and shrugged the way Tibby does at times and mimicked him saying, “Mmmm, yummy.”
I got a kick out of her perfectly timed improv. It’s always a bit of a shock and unusual to see a busy, popular restaurant way out in the middle of nowhere, and by the time we arrived, the roughly graded crusher run parking lot was so packed with cars and trucks that people were being directed out back on the grass all the way down to the water line. Since I was here last, two large docks had been built for people who used their boats to come and eat. This alone spoke of the reputation of the place. We ended up having to park out past there. It was all dimly outlined with old kerosene lanterns that had been converted to low wattage light posts bordering the drive and walkways, even on the boat dock. On our walk, we could see the Spanish moss draping from all the trees. Fireflies were scattered about and all the creatures of the night were announcing their presence—very classical.
I led us over to the front entrance of the original, modest, non-descript building that still retained the do-it-yourself motif that corresponded with the ambiance and theme of swamp folk and Southern country dinning. Pointing, I said, “See … there are the two larger buildings that were added on—first the one, then the other—those are the larger dining halls. People are still served outside on a huge oversized wraparound front porch, petitioned off on either side in the middle at the front of the house where you walk in. That’s where we’re going to sit.”
The different smells were so overwhelmingly appealing that I thought both our stomachs were growling by the time we reached the entrance. Sam observed the varieties of foods on each dining table as we walked past, then pulled me closer, giggled, and softly asked, “Can we have desert before and after dinner?”
I couldn’t blame her. To her little pun, I pointed out that deserts were á la carte. “Well, if they’re as good as you say, it’s no wonder.” 
We were quickly seated, waited on, and had our meal setting on the table in no time. As anticipated, the food was as great as ever. We did the full spread. They brought serving bowls and spoons of each selected item on the menu, along with a good-sized platter of catfish and hushpuppies. As one bowl began to empty, they would fetch another one before it ran out. We never had to ask. In fact, diners in this place sometimes have to tell them to stop bringing the food. I was pleasantly surprised to discover they had added a new Cajun seasoned catfish to their selection. After trying a sample and deciding it was my new favorite, I over indulged myself till I thought I would explode.
“Boy, this is sinfully delicious,” I said, as I pushed back from the table, wiping my hands with the dampened, lemon-scented hand towel provided. “I am more than sated.” I was also pleased to see that Sam didn’t pretend to be a fake, petite eater and play the “I never eat much of anything” game that some women do when taken to dinner. But she didn’t eat hoggishly either, which would be highly unattractive. She just said, “See what you miss out on when you stay away from a place too long?” 
“Even with all the good memories I have of this place, I haven’t had a better reason to come back here until now …” I raised my glass of tea in toast, “and you are, by far, the most inspired and attractive motivation I could ever hope to have.”
She blushed and her eyes glistened. “Aw, that’s so sweet of you … thank you, Toby.”
Like it is for most men, I think, it doesn’t happen often, but every once in a while I can say the right thing at the right time. That’s always a great feeling. This time it must have been a home run, because Sam didn’t take her goo-goo eyes off me for the rest of our time together at the restaurant.
“So, which desert are you going to have?” she eagerly asked.
“Actually, I’ve been giving some thought about that, and got an idea. Why don’t you order two, I’ll order two, and we’ll share a sample of each other’s? If you happen to favor one above the rest, we’ll get another order of that particular one. Does that sound all right to you?”
Her eyes widened in astonishment. “Four deserts? Yes, that’s sounds perfectly delectable to me.” We made our choices and forwarded the request to our waitress, and I asked for two orders of fresh coffee. Sam raised an index finger to the waitress and said, “With extra cream and sweetener, please,” and winked at me. It was pleasing and complimentary to know she would think about those preferences. 
When the coffee and deserts arrived, Sam took it upon herself to fix my cup of coffee for me first, a sharp, considerate demonstration of the advanced and special growing partnership I had sensed. We had a good time sharing our deserts too, taking turns feeding one another bites off each other’s forks without playing any tacky games of mussing food onto one another’s face. We commonly agreed neither of us would find that cheap pun amusing. 
It was miserably wonderful, and we were so full we couldn’t finish the last of the slices of key lime pie or chocolate cake, so we had them wrapped up to take with us. We lazily walked arm in arm to the truck, leaning against one another for mutual support, feeling stuffed to the gills and talking about our delicious meal. After we got into the truck and headed for home, I asked, “Are you sure it wouldn’t have been more memorable for you if I had taken you to a fancier restaurant in town somewhere for our first date?”
She smiled fondly. “To tell you the truth, I wouldn’t have been nearly as impressed with that. It would have been artificial, particularly coming from you. We had a much more relaxed and enjoyable time here than we could have had at some fancy place. She moved in close and put her arms around me, and I put mine around her. “You couldn’t have made a better choice. Besides, our official first date was all three of us together at McDonalds, remember?”
Then we kissed passionately … a couple of times, actually. We were on a roll when I looked at her with conviction and said, “Well, you’ve sure made this date special for me.”
Her eyes twinkled. “Me too, sweetie, me too—a date to remember.” Then she caressingly rubbed her lip gloss off my lips with her thumb and forefinger, and I melted. I can’t express how much I like this, I thought. I could only scan her beautiful face with appreciation and captivation and echo, “Yes, it is … a date to remember.” And we kissed again. But in the back of my mind during my feelings of passion, I’d felt a tinge of caution. It wasn’t out of panic or some kind of male resistance, nor a frozen attachment to bachelorhood, but rather a series of questioning thoughts. 
Was this “love” that I was experiencing? If so, how would I know? I mean, how does anyone truly know … is there a timetable or sequence of events that takes place to confirm when two people get together that assures them it’s meant to be—that it’s going to work? Does something unique happen that they know, irrefutably, that their future relationship will be an everlasting love? The divorce rate doesn’t seem to support any of that reasoning. All I know is that I’m scared more than anything of being a bad statistic. Although Sam and I have been together professionally for over seven months, we only now are becoming an intimate couple. Despite the seemingly equal advanced level of feelings, maturity, and partnership, however, it feels as if we’ve been together for a couple of years. 
Were these secret thoughts of mine perhaps the signal to something defining a “genuine” permanent relationship? Or, a bigger question I might want to ask myself is, “Have I become infatuated?” After all, I’m the one who never seriously dated. I never had a girlfriend—I never had any time for one. Everything has happened so fast, and although up to now, I do seem to have had nothing but positive feelings … still I can’t help but wonder, out of caution, if the “love at first sight” feelings and episodes which people claim to experience are purely a demonstration of incautious, undisciplined behavior—a “fleshly” attraction, absent of any trepidation for their actions taken. And does this behavior ultimately become an open door for future eminent failure? Although I don’t believe in fate, there are some things I don’t necessarily take for granted either.
Even Sam’s employment was happenstance. Actually, I had determined, based upon the application she’d sent me, that she was a guy, although I did remember thinking the handwriting was a little baroque. Just the same, her qualifications were record-breaking, and she beat out all the other applicants, overwhelmingly. All of these fleeting thoughts had put me into a reality check, but instead of sharply retreating, I carefully caught myself. I didn’t want to alert Sam to any problem. We all have feelings and thoughts we can’t help, and until I could understand what was going on and know exactly what it was I was feeling, I wanted to be careful. Several times, as much as I wanted to say it to her, I knew it was premature, and she hadn’t said it to me, either … “I love you.”
So, I looked at my watch as the excuse for my interruption of thought. “I’ve thoroughly enjoyed our evening, but we might need to start heading back home. I don’t want to leave Tibby alone any longer than necessary on his first time.”
“I think you’re probably right. That wouldn’t be fair to him.”
I buckled my seatbelt and started the truck to get us on our way as Sam finished situating herself next to me for the ride back. My thoughts were racing all over the place now. Still irresistibly curious, I needed a satisfying resolve to my recent concerns, so decided to probe for answers. “Did you ever happen to take any of my classes at the University?”
“Oh, sure. I took a couple during your last year-and-a-half of teaching. That was how I found out later that you’d left the University and started your field research and needed an assistant. I saw the handwritten ad you posted on the bulletin board outside your old classroom.”
“Yeah … in your interview I remember you telling me, you were still ‘full time and ready to finish school,’ and you interrupted that to come out here, despite the starting pay, ‘to start getting field experience,’ wasn’t that it? Seems like an awful big sacrifice … you weren’t running away from anything were you?”
“No … like, from what?”
“Well, there could be a lot of things—the pressures of school itself. People do things like that, short of quitting altogether. Or possibly severing ties—like uh, ending a bad relationship … you know … the boyfriend-girlfriend thing?” Gad … my inquiry didn’t sound at all subtle after I said it. I cringed a bit, unsure if I was being too obvious, which it felt like to me. But maybe that was because I knew I had an agenda. 
Sam giggled and emphatically said, “No-no … no boyfriend-girlfriend thing. In fact, I wasn’t much into the dating scene.”
I was so shocked by her answer that I turned to see her expression for needed confirmation. “Are you serious? I find that extraordinary.”
Puzzled, she said, “Why?”
I scoffed at her response, quickly turning again to look, should she be feigning any modesty. “Because, I mean, look at you. My gosh, you’re practically a model. You’re absolutely drop-dead gorgeous. Any guy in his right mind would jump at the chance just … just to have a, a conversation with you—let alone a date and maybe get to hold your hand. What, are you kidding me? I bet you had guys camping out overnight, right outside your dorm or apartment for heaven’s sake, waiting for the first chance to ask you out.”
She became absolutely radiant with my open, shotgun response, because I had obviously revealed some very personal inner feelings and evaluations of her. She sheepishly held her head down slightly and was fiddling with her fingers and hands before she looked at me with a face of confession and said, “To tell you the truth, I’ve never had a boyfriend … until you.”
Stunned and flabbergasted over what I was hearing, I inadvertently swerved into the opposite lane. Fortunately there were no other cars on the road at that moment. She grabbed my arm with alarm, pulling us back onto our own side of the road. “Are you all right?”
“Oops—yeah, yeah … I’m all right.” I kept turning my head back and forth in her direction, trying to watch her and the road at the same time. “But, you never dated?” 
“Oh, I dated all right, not very often, but I had no boyfriends. Besides, guys have just one thing on their minds, I’m afraid.”
Stupidly, and in a purely unconscious, innocent response, I said, “Yeah, what’s that?”
She rolled her eyes, shook her head with exasperation and said, “Hello! Now what do you think? What all guys have on their minds, of course, that’s what!”
I blushed with sudden awareness, being somewhat embarrassed over my prude and naive behavior, even though I came by it honestly. I quickly tried to throw it off. “Oh, yeah … yeah-yeah-yeah … OK. But not all guys do … I’m certain of that.”
She smiled at me and patted my arm appreciatively. “I know, and that’s an important characteristic that makes you attractive in the right way.”
Now it was my turn to blush. I cleared my throat. “Thank you … I appreciate that.”
Well, that certainly narrowed things down a bit for me. Though I wasn’t quite expecting those facts of the matter, it was comforting to learn that Sam and I weren’t much different—that of being sheltered and conservative in previous relationships—and she apparently didn’t believe in premarital contact, either. All these similarities were very reassuring. By then, we had arrived at the quick-stop and I pulled into the park-and-ride area next to her car.
“Well, here we are. Looks like your car is OK—that’s good, I was certain it would be. They keep a good watch on things here. It also helps that the clerks at this store know me. I buy my gas here almost all the time. Besides, everybody uses this side as a carpool and short time parking anyway.”
Sam unbuckled and put both her arms around me while I unbuckled, and I hugged her back. “Toby, I want you to know I enjoyed our date tonight very much, and I appreciate the nice things you said about me. It helps me to understand what your genuine feelings are. I sincerely needed that extra little bit of confirmation to make sure we’re both on the same track.”
I smiled tenderly in response. “Well, I want you know I meant it too. And I’m glad to hear you say these things, because I think we’re on the right track too—taking it slow and steady.”
She drew back to agree with my statement with appreciation. “Exactly. Well, I better let you get home to Tibby. Be sure to give him a kiss for me. Oh, you know tomorrow is Sunday, don’t you? I won’t get to see you until Monday morning.”
Actually, I hadn’t thought of that yet, and my heart sank with disappointment upon being reminded. “Oh, yeah, that’s right. Then shouldn’t I get another big kiss to hold me over till then?”
She gave me a sly look, then giggled as she wrapped her arms around my neck and planted a whopper of a kiss on my mouth, ending it with an audible smack. “OK, boyfriend, that’ll have to hold you over.” Then she pointed at me—“You promise to call me tomorrow?”
“Absolutely,” I said as I crossed my heart. “First thing in the morning.”
“All right, bye, sweetie.”
“Bye, girlfriend.”
I didn’t walk her to her car because we’d had our “parting exchange” in the truck before she got out. Besides, she wasn’t running back over to me, either. My getting out would have possibly appeared as if I was panting too much after her and cheapening our natural and spontaneous behavior. Besides, I had parked right next to her car door. Nevertheless, I waited for her to get in and get it started, then smiled and waved goodbye as she drove away, at which point my mind went into a whorl of thoughts. As soon as I turned my truck around to head home, everything about our evening together flashed through my mind.
Yes, this definitely was ‘a date to remember.’ I watched the taillights of her car fading in the rearview mirror as we headed in opposite directions. I knew Monday wouldn’t get here fast enough to suit me, for I was already starting to miss her. I had a quick thought that there was something I might do about that. Right now, I had Tibby to consider, and I wanted to get home to check on how he was doing. Thankfully, I didn’t have as far to drive as Sam did, and I was glad for that. It gave me just enough time for some additional reflection about our budding relationship.
As reason would have it, it was exciting to know that our feelings about our relationship were seemingly genuine, and that we both had the same significant attachments and pure motives. Either that, or else we were both experiencing the same shallow infatuation for one another—each of us acting out a perfect role play and truly headed for a downfall. That, however, was highly unlikely, I thought. My final verdict was that we were both pretty smart and cautious people. I didn’t believe either of us were so socially vacant or incomplete in our lives that we would cast all caution and self respect to the wind merely to play a temporary, trashy, “slobber-mouth” game with each another. The consistent, serious overtones we’d both expressed and experienced thus far was, to my way of thinking, proof that everything was going to be all right. As she had openly agreed, we had a good thing going here, and if anything, we didn’t need to push it any faster than what it could carry itself. We both obviously wanted it to stay on course.
These thoughts were comforting to know, generating in me a stronger satisfaction and worthwhile peace of mind and hope for a growing relationship. That was more important to me than anything else. It also made me realize what I had been missing for several years. All these things were not only very reassuring, but very exciting. I realized that I’d rather have the real deal come along a little late than go through a waste of time early in life. I would not want to have to suffer the pains of recovery from such a mistake. My view on these matters was causing me to miss her all the more, and we’d barely been apart from one another for twenty minutes. Tomorrow was going to be a bugger. 
Being caught away in my thoughts helped me to get home in record time. I turned into the gated entrance and parked the truck, noticing a slight evidence of light inside the house that looked like it was probably coming from the TV. I didn’t run, but I didn’t waste any time, either, hurrying to the front door to make sure Tibby was all right. When I got there, the door was still locked and I didn’t even have a key. I knocked on the door lightly and said, “Tibby … it’s me, lil’ buddy … I’m home, open up.”
The blinds on the window moved ever so slightly, and in a moment the door jerked open and Tibby had already changed into his alter ego and popped his head around the edge of the door and hollered, “Surrise, you’re home!”
I laughed at his reversing the typical delivery and exchange when one comes home—but his enthusiasm with it was still the same, and I was excited to see him. “Hey, lil’ buddy!” 
“Hi, Toby. I had to make sure there wasn’t anyone else when I opened the door, so I did change into Sawyer.”
“Good job, that was smart thinking. We can’t be too careful, can we?”
“Nope-nope,” he said. 
I pushed the door behind me as he moved back to let me in and then whorled back into his natural self as I closed and locked it behind me. “Were you all right while I was gone?” 
“Oh yes, I had pizza and Oak. And I saved some popcorn for you. And I made no messes too.”
“You did?” I childishly exaggerated my response to magnify its adolescent values. “Well, that’s great, thank you, so much.”
“You are welcome much. Did you and Sammy have a nice dinner?”
“Yes, we sure did, thank you for asking.”
Tibby paced back and forth in front of me, firing off his questions. “And-and, did you hold hands, and did you kissy-kissy—was it fun?” Tibby spoke slowly at the end, undulating with a modest, bashful sway.
“Yes, we sure did. These are natural things that couples sometimes do when they go on a date. And yes, we had a very nice time with one another.”
“And you like her lots more now, huh?”
I stopped and took pause for a moment. Was that simply an innocent generic response, a rhetorical question, or was Tibby actually able to detect something—a change of some kind—similar to a physical, body expression or chemical change, like a pheromone? In either case, I decided to treat it with an air of ambiguity. 
“Yeah … I guess you could say that we’re becoming closer to one another.”
He nodded, smiled confidently and satisfactorily. “Yup-yup, you guys are closer.”
Again, without trying to appear obvious, I was taken aback for a moment. There must be something that Tibby readily detects that he asserts and substantiates through his innocent comments and questions. If they are innocent, that is. I smartly decided not to respond or inquire about any of that. After all, he is what he is and he does what he does, and he knows what he knows, regardless. I don’t have any right to judge, even though I do have a right as a mentor and father figure to evaluate and regulate his behavior. After all, who am I to change, question, or segregate his gifts and abilities? I will not soon forget the value and importance they played in saving my life, and later their support and involvement to the vitalized relationship I now have with Sam. 
Tibby’s innocence in this respect alone would help me to continue to remain fairly, yet cautiously open-minded with my responses and behavior on such matters. I leaned over and swooped him up in my arms, cradling and tickling him at the same time. “So did you miss me, or not … huh … tell the truth!” He laughed and chattered his little chipmunk laugh, squirming out of my grasp as I set him back down. I started to run after him with a growling, roaring attack effect, saying, “Who ate my popcorn!” 
He immediately squealed with delight, “I did, I did!” Chinging his claws out, he took off in a flash up the wall and onto the ceiling, well out of reach, a game he loves. At the same time, he morphed into the facial expression of Richard Nixon, looked down at me, shook his jowls and said in a perfect voice imitation, “I am not a crook.” 
“You little cheater, that’s not fair. I’m going to get you!” Then with his talent for sampling music, he started playing the Benny Hill chase theme, “Yakety Sax,” by Boots Randolph. It was hilarious fun. I ran around on the floor, jumping up in an attempt to grab him, and he stealthily moved away in a blur, laughing like the devil all the while. We played this game for almost fifteen minutes, and it wore me out. “Whew … all right … I give up, I think I need to sit down and rest a bit.”
I flopped down on the floor in front of the TV and shared the popcorn Tibby said he saved for me, which was not even a handful amount, but it was sweet of him just the same.
He cautiously walked down the wall and asked, “Are you sure you give up?”
“Yeah, I’m sure. I give up.”
Extending his precautions a bit further, he advanced only a step closer and said, “You promise?” 
“I promise.”
“No sneak attacks?”
“No, no sneak attacks, lil’ buddy … I’m all tired out. I don’t know how you and Claude do it. Come on over, I’ve got an idea.” I had already grabbed the remote and was surfing through the channels on the TV until I happened upon a particular movie of interest that already started. I put my free arm around him and said, “Do you know what I think?”
“Nope, but I’ll try if you want I should.”
“Let’s take a shortcut, and I’ll go ahead and tell you.”
“Okey-dokey.”
“I think we ought to go pop some more popcorn if we’re going to stay up late and watch this movie together, because … someone didn’t leave me very much in the first place!”
I grabbed him and affectionately yanked him over to me and tickled him a little more as he squealed and laughed yelling over and over, “You promised, you promised! No sneak attacks!”
“Yeah, but you said you saved me some popcorn too, didn’t you? And where is it? Huh? In your belly, that’s where … and I’m going to get it!” I roared as I came up out of my seat, acting like I was gobbling his belly while he squealed with delight. Then my short bout of playful tickling turned into a loving hug. “OK, I think you’ve learned your lesson. Come on, help me pop some more, and I’ll fix some drinks.”
“Yeah, and we get to stay up and watch a movie together, huh?”
The finale of my personal and private date with Sam was concluded with a special reserve of time left for Tibby, in hopes he might sense and understand that he has an equal importance to me regardless of any exclusive activity, but particularly during times when he may feel he has missed out on a select event. Though I felt he was fine with it, I still wanted to extend the gesture, and I greatly enjoyed our time together. Like before, there was a barrage of questions from Tibby all during the movie, which didn’t conclude till nearly one in the morning.
Staying up late was a special treat any day of the week. As I predicted, however, Sunday morning came with a price. It was now going on nine o’clock, and tired or not, I felt it was time for Tibby to get up. He did, but with evidence of strained reluctance.
“Hey, you rascal, it’s time to get up.” I shook him and pulled his uzzy from over his head, “What are you going to do, sleep all day?” 
I nuzzled his neck affectionately. I could tell he was going to be cranky, so I decided not to press him too much too quickly. From my own personal experience, I knew that with kids, a small demonstration of affection always starts the day off a little better. I also knew about the urges of untimely teasing that existed which could only make matters worse. The latter is what my Dad was famous for doing. If I was the slightest bit cross and he detected it, that was all it took. He wouldn’t leave me alone until I blew up. It was another one of those “dad” things that gives them some kind of satisfaction and entertainment through aggravating their kids till they explode. And when I did, he’d say, “I’m only playing with you,” and then he’d get mad over my response and stay in a huff.
I patted Tibby with a more coaxing tone of voice, trying to instigate his willing compliance. “Come on now, let’s get a move on. We have a special visitor for breakfast. Get up, make your bed, wash your face, brush your teeth, and meet us in the kitchen for some coffee, if you’re about ready.” This bit of curious information was all it took to arouse his suspicion and interest to get up. 
Earlier this morning I’d called Sam as promised and invited her to come over for Sunday breakfast and spend her day off with us if she wanted to. Of course, she was all for it and arrived in no time. We were in the kitchen talking and drinking coffee as I started cooking breakfast and was telling her about Tibby and our late night movie. “We stayed up until after one this morning watching Twister with Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton.” 
“Oh, yeah, and how did Tibby enjoy that?”
By that time, Tibby had finished his morning routine and walked into the kitchen. His eyes lit up and he shouted, “Sammy!” as he bounded over to give her a big hug.
She hugged him back with a loving kiss on the cheek. “How’s Tibby-boy this morning?”
Before he could answer, and while he was climbing into his chair, I eased over to him. “Hey, how ‘bout standing up for me and giving me a hug? I think I deserve one too, first thing this morning.” He smiled and obliged, by now in a much better frame of mind.
I returned busying myself with cooking breakfast as Sam asked, “So, what did you think of the movie last night, Tibby?”
Still trying to wake up, he rubbed his eyes before answering. “It was neat-o. A lot like D-nim E-gami.”
That comment brought to mind our astonishing experience with Tibby’s unique “D-nim E-gami” power, an ability to recall the past in a “whorl wind” effect that delivers a virtual content in a three-dimensional holographic vision that everyone present can share. He calls it “Vulcan Mind-Meld TV,” and Sam and I found it to be very cool—a little scary, but an awesome and extraordinary experience.
Understandably, Sam heartily agreed with Tibby’s comparison of this to the movie he’d seen. “Yeah, with the twister tornado part, I guess it would be a lot like D-nim E-gami, wouldn’t it?” She strayed momentarily in thought before adding, “Boy, that was something I’ll never forget.”
Tibby nodded. “Yup-yup. Me too.”
I brought him his cup of coffee, rubbed his head, and said, “Yeah, that was very cool, and something I don’t think I’ll ever forget, either.”
I finished cooking our big Sunday breakfast of bacon, sausage, eggs, biscuits, gravy, and fried apples, the last of which was the biggest hit of the meal. Apparently, Tibby seems to have quite a sweet tooth.
The rest of the day was one of tranquil relaxation and independence. Tibby stayed occupied with his military role play indoors and out for most of the day while Sam and I sat and talked. It was the most comfortable and contented day off I’d had in longer than I could remember. Our time together was quickly becoming a satisfaction and fullness that so many people never have the privilege to ever experience, and it was a strong assurance to me that we were a lucky couple. Without a doubt, I had the most to appreciate about that, and it was all thanks to Tibby.
I didn’t know what the future had in store for us, although I was sure the possibilities were endless. I was still bothered by some unanswered questions concerning Beggar’s Swamp and Kaden, but for the time being, I was keeping them on the shelf, having decided it was best not to pursue them yet. I had a strong feeling they would likely present themselves in due time, and when they did, I was confident I’d know what to do and how to do it, because I’d have Tibby and Sam there to offer their support to that challenge when it came.
<><><> Epilog <><><>
The Family Double
THE DAYS ALL SEEMED to roll together for awhile. The winter dry season soon gave way to hotter temperatures mixed with intermittent rains, announcing summer’s arrival in full force. 
Sam and I were spending a lot of time together, becoming quite partnered to each other, maintaining a disciplined behavior. Our relationship continued to grow stronger and was maturing the way we both had hoped for. Without a doubt, having Tibby helped establish a family concord that the three of us had come to appreciate and amplify. 
For the most part, we’re together every day now except when she goes to visit her family. There are still some promises to outings and events for Tibby on the agenda that have not yet been fulfilled, and Sam and I haven’t gone on any more dates for being so busy. But all of us are fine with that. As for Tibby—all I can say is that he’s always a handful, but he’s a blast. He has his antics and his childish, impish moments too. When he gets out of hand, I’m reminded by Sam of the difference between his intellect-to-age ratio and, too much of the time, that fails to register in my mind before I react to some of his unpredictable behavior. Like a true-to-life dad, I probably expect more from Tibby than what I should, and like a good mother, Sam is there to help keep the balance. The three of us are like a family in our own right, absent of any acerbic domestic conflicts. 
Our exhausting day-to-day fieldwork maintains its demand on us, and in spite of the sweltering summer heat and mosquitoes, we somehow keep up the standard. Now, Sam almost always goes with us on every outing. Together, we continue to labor over the conservation and research requirements of the manatee. Tibby’s help has become an invaluable asset with his extrasensory ability to ferret out inlets, pools, and waterways where the manatees graze and congregate. Their study and documentation remains paramount to my work at this time—that, and the growing concerns over water pollution. The levels of agricultural chemicals and polluted surface water that is being discharged into the Everglades means double research work for us. We’re concerned due to our findings—the inordinate increase is ultimately going to have a devastating, permanent effect on these entire wetlands. We’re afraid the needed awareness and control is going to come too late.
Because of the routine outings and extensive time we’ve been spending in the field, it was Sam’s idea that we always take a nice lunch with us. That’s now become a tradition we’ve all come to appreciate and enjoy, a benefit initiated only through a woman’s way of thinking, to be sure. In our recent trips and outings, we’ve not seen any pythons, but had three more sightings of what is now confirmed as our albino calf, after much deliberation and delay from the third party genomic DNA testing and analysis Sam sent off weeks ago. He has since become our little manatee “research mascot.” Sam was particularly excited when she saw him for the first time, and gets the credit for naming him. She cooed with delight, saying, “Oh, he’s such a little cutie … I think we should name him Casper.” So, Casper he became. That took a bit of explaining for Tibby to finally understand.
It was about the end of the third week of July when Sam and I happened to be preparing ourselves for a typical outing. We were busy getting our gear together for a full day when she said, “Maybe we’ll get to see Casper on this trip. He’s getting to be a big baby now, huh?” 
“Yes, he is, he’s coming along nicely,” I said as I put the last test vials and caps in my haversack. I had almost finished preparing and was ready to go when I heard Poopsy honking, clacking, and carrying on. “Sam, will you please check and see if Tibby is teasing Poopsy again, and tell him to quit it … that poor bird’s practically a neurotic as it is.”
Suddenly, we heard Tibby yell. “Toby, Sammy! Oh-oh, come quick, quick!”
Going into emergency response mode and fearing the worst, I took off for the front door in such a rush that Sam was still trying to set her pack down and turn around by the time I hit the door. I shot out of the lab with her close behind as we bounded off the porch. Rushing to Tibby with apprehensive concern, we were taking turns, calling with urgency, asking him what was wrong. He was standing near the ramp end of the dock at the edge of the water, facing the inlet, and Poopsy was still carrying on in his general alarm mode. As we neared closer, Tibby was pointing down the inlet. “Lookie-lookie, guys, it’s Claude and Gracie—our Claudie’s come back home!”
Sure enough, we looked and saw the two huge, behemoth reptiles chugging side by side with a dual wake slightly breaking the surface of the water as they cruised steadily towards us. Tibby bounded off the dock and was on the beach in two leaps. Almost beside himself with joy, he was jumping from one foot to the other, hollering with excitement. Claude doubled his rate of speed, getting way ahead of Gracie when he heard Tibby’s voice. As soon as he reached the shore, he lumbered out of the water with his sashay, swagger-like gait. It didn’t matter that he was soaking wet; Tibby lunged over and wrapped his arms around Claude’s massive neck as best he could, squeezing him hard. “Hey, Claudie, I missed you bunches and bunches, did you miss me bunches?”
Claude snorted, grunted, and whimpered like a newfound pup, working himself up into such a frenzy of excitement that he was already frothing at the mouth.
Tibby pointed at him and said, “Eww, you’re all slobbery, Claudie.”
I stepped closer and wrapped an arm around his enormous head. “Hey there, big boy, what did you do, forget where your home was? We were all beginning to worry about you.”
Claude grunted contentedly. Even Sam built up enough courage to come over and welcome him home and petted him vigorously. Claude was in gator heaven. During all the excitement and attention we were giving to him, Gracie had slowly piloted closer to the shore, but wouldn’t come out of the water. I was the first to step closer to her, and when I did, she reared her head up, hissing loudly and brandishing her teeth at me. Before I could say or do anything, Tibby turned and “buzzed” her with both hands fixed with his fingers pointed in his well known “V” sign. Gracie’s head shook slightly and the water all around her vibrated. Instantly, her disposition dramatically changed to a totally composed demeanor. 
Tibby looked at me and said, “It’s all right now—she was worried, because of the babies.”
“Babies? What babies?”
At that moment, three baby gator heads popped up out of the water from underneath Gracie’s chin, one after the other, like three corks. Two of them with their oversized googly eyes were blinking at us, and the third was repeatedly bobbing his head up and down in the water.
Tibby pointed and said, “There, those babies. That’s Wynken, Blynken, and Nod.” 
I stood there, frozen and speechless.
Sam said, “Oh my Lord—” 
Tibby said, “Hi guys, come on out and play.”
The three little ten-inch long gators swished their tails vigorously, jetting themselves toward the sand, scampering onto the beach one after the other, straight over to Tibby and next to Claude, who was emitting grunts of fatherly approval and delight. Tibby sat down and the baby reptiles were all over him, squeaking and chirping their little baby gator noises, having the time of their new life.
I repeated slowly in a painful query, “Wynken, Blynken, and Nod?” Of course these were the names of the three children from a poem written by Eugene Field.
Sam’s mouth fell open with a gasp of affection. “Oh, the little darlings,” she cooed.
Meanwhile, Gracie had ambled out of the water and nudged her huge gator head between my hand and my leg, which startled me at first. If not for the fact she was doing that gator purr I was familiar with, I would have been highly concerned. Obviously, she understood the situation better, after Tibby’s help I’m sure, and seemed to be acting apologetically. So I petted her with the same rough-loving treatment I’d given to Claude. She too basked in the affection, soaking it all in approvingly, but she was more composed than Claude. I looked at Sam and sarcastically said, “Now we’ve got him, her, and theirs—triplets no less. What do you think? It would seem our original family of four has just doubled.”
She looked at Tibby and the hilarious behavior going on with Wynken, Blynken, and Nod and smiled. “Yeah, it certainly looks that way.” 
We stood there, captivated by all their constant activity. “They’ve definitely made their transition from the wild with little or no conflict, haven’t they?” I said, and she agreed.
During our attention to the “kids” playing and having the time of their lives, Gracie had silently stepped to the other side, shoving her massive snout into Sam’s left hand and snorting once. Startled at first, but becoming aware of the signal of Gracie’s intent, Sam quickly caught herself, sparing any famous “sonic outbursts.” She petted her lovingly as Gracie pressed her snout firmly into her palm, then raised her head and tilted it against Sam’s side at the same time, continuing her “gator purr” with a frequency unlike Claude’s. I could tell Sam was kind of exuberated over it.
“Looks like you’ve got a friend, Sam.”
She was glowing with appreciation. “Yeah … it’s pretty cool, actually.” 
Seeing the special attention Gracie was getting from Sam, Claude spared himself from watching the playing and swaggered over to my side to secure a mirrored place of recognition of his own.
There we were, Gracie on Sam’s left, Claude on my right, and Sam and me holding hands in the middle while we watched our extraterrestrial frolicking with three new baby alligators. We were a pretty odd looking group for sure. We talked, laughed, and watched the baby gators chasing after Tibby, playing some kind of mixed-up game of tag. Nod, the slightly larger baby gator of the three, diverted his attention long enough to jump up and snap a dragonfly out of the air when it flew too close for its own good. He ravenously chomped it down, wings and all, before Wynken or Blynken could notice and try to take a share.
Tibby stopped for a moment after witnessing this feat, fetched Nod and picked him up, praising and petting him. “That was very good, Nod. You were very fast and you caught that dragonfly all by yourself. You keep that up and you’ll grow up to be big and strong like your daddy.”
Nod gapped his mouth open in a pant-like fashion, squinting his eyes in reception of the sweet-talk Tibby was giving him as he petted and patted and stroked him. Then a little gurgle sound churned in Nod’s belly, and before I could give Tibby any warning, “BLAMO!” Nod blasted a babyfied, squeaky poot right into Tibby’s hand. 
He quickly set Nod back down, put his fists on his hips and said, “Eww, yuck-o! You pooted on me, you little stinker!”
Sam and I laughed and laughed, and I swear it sounded almost like Claude’s grunting was in the form of some kind of grisly chuckling. Not taking any serious notice of it, I leaned over to him and said, “Nod certainly seems to be a chip off the ol’ block, doesn’t he?”
In a most powerful, inordinately deep, guttural voice, Claude said, “Yup,” and immediately looked up to see me staring at him with my mouth hanging open, stunned from hearing him speak. And then he shifted his eyes back and forth nervously from me to Tibby before dropping his head back down to hide the guilty look on his face. “Ooops,” he murmured in perfect English.
Astonished and taken completely by surprise, I immediately turned to the logical source of this new phenomenon. Obviously hearing it too, Tibby diverted his attention from his playing and looked at me with a casual, neutral expression. When I frowned, he whorled himself into the character of Alfred E. Newman, then held out his hands, palm up, and said, “What, me worry?”
<><><> About the Author <><><>

MARK McCALL’s vivid imagination and talent for expression launched a desire to satisfy a ten-year old dream of writing a series of novels about “Tibby,” a sweet-natured and awesomely talented alien character sent to Earth to be Nature’s Guardian. With the publication of the first book in this series, The Adventures of Tibby—Nature’s Awesome Extraterrestrial Guardian, Mark proved his gift for storytelling, He’s currently at work on the third book in the series, which will open up a whole new adventure of intrigue and surprise involving all the characters introduced to date along with some new ones as well.
Mark’s vocational background includes thirty years in retail management and ten years of intermittent work in construction, law enforcement, and insurance sales. The writing of many reports for the latter two jobs seemed to stimulate a latent desire for continued prose. His varied work background, plus his various personal escapades and unusual “wild happenings”—coupled with a dominate flare and liveliness for satire and sarcasm (one never trailing far behind the other)—has provided him with a wealth of life experiences and research from which to draw for his writing. 
Mark, a husband and father of three, was born and raised in San Diego, California. He moved to the South in 1986 and currently resides in Kentucky with his wife, Kimberly. He may be contacted at AdventuresofTibby@gmail.com.

VISIT THE AUTHOR’S WEBSITE, AdventuresofTibby.com, where you’ll find several articles related to writing the characters and storyline of theTibby book series, including:

The Florida Everglades Has a Hero
The Florida Everglades “Ever-Threatened”
Florida Everglades Species Invasion—the Burmese Python

When visiting the site, be sure to join Mark’s mailing list to receive announcements of new content on the site and a notice when the next book in the series, Tibby and the Smugglers’ Hammock, is published. (A sneak preview follow). But first, Mark tells how he turned the original concept of a short story for his kids into a series of books about an amazing and childlike extraterrestrial.
How “The Adventures of Tibby” Came To Be
IT PROBABLY GOES WITHOUT SAYING—everyone has a different motivation for writing a book. For me to write a fiction book required more feeling than it did any reasoning.
When I started this effort, if I had approached my decision to write for the absolute resolve of merely publishing a book for the sake of saying I published a book, I wouldn’t have done it. Nevertheless, it was accomplished against all odds—particularly, if nothing else, of being overwrought with self-doubt, and due to the fact that I was no writer.
It wasn’t until long after I had started that I realized at one time I wasn’t a fairly good carpenter, or a deputy sheriff, or a store director for Winn Dixie—until I had mastered each of those endeavors.
Once upon a time, I had written some personal maxims and poems, set my hand to publishing a simple and crude church newsletter, wrote reports for law enforcement and insurance sales, some additional interests, and that was about the sum of it. I’m sure that this modest experience helped to contribute to my foundation and interest in writing.
The greatest obstacles in the pursuit and task of my fictional writing were the necessary writing protocols. I was bombarded! Things like sentence structure, punctuation, overuse of words/phrases, being too descriptive, and so on, and so on—I’m being careful not to be too descriptive here, especially. But I was fortunate in that what I lacked in ability and experience was compensated with a few basic talents and personal fortitude. Be that as it may, there was no denying it—I came to understand straightaway that good prose only comes with practice, ongoing study, and a lot of hard effort.
I took this challenge in spite of what my shortcomings were. It’s one thing to be foolish in private; it’s another thing altogether to prove it on a grand scale. So, in this beginning, I yielded to natural caution and humility because of my areas of ignorance. I compensated with a sincere, heartfelt inspiration fueled from a desire to satisfy an idea for an unusual and unique story. Not just any story, but a story I felt certain no one else had. This was not vanity speaking in my mind; it was as objective as if it was being applied to someone else, and I felt like that was something worth pursuing.
In the summer of 2003, the combination of a few scattered but tantalizing thoughts to a storyline and a lone keyboard of an older desktop computer created an unforgettable allure. Initially, my idea began as a “what if there was a …” concept/idea that was meant to be a short story for my kids, simply called “Tibby.” I thought they would get a kick out of me doing that for them. Once I began to give it more serious thought, so much of the total picture of the idea hit me all at once. I got the beginning, the middle, and the end all at the same time, and then I worked on filling in the details in between while I was writing.
As I typed, I began a story with characters that burst to life in my mind with realism. Unfamiliar and inexperienced in everything I was doing, I started writing the story in the “first person,” of all things. Something beginning writers, I was told after the fact, usually avoid. I have already learned some of the conflicts and restrictions of this style. Oh well … too late. But, about that—at the risk of sounding hackneyed, all I can say is, “It just seemed like the right thing for me to do.”
After I started the story, some of the odd and unusual handling of ideas, scenes, and their timing of delivery was highly inordinate. For example, I knew the name of “Tibby” the main character, long before I knew how I was going to be able to present it in the storyline. And I didn’t know it was going to be a “cat-like alien” until after he was created and the writing began. But strangely enough, the word “Tibby” is close to the word “Tabby,” which is a reference to cats, which I also realized after the fact.
The decision to choose the Florida Everglades and the sea manatee as the focus of location and conservation study for the secondary characters was immediate and purely incidental, or perhaps instinctive. I didn’t research to consider otherwise, and I’ve never lived in Florida.
The disclaimer was written after three-quarters of the book was complete, and then was edited in half. It was meant to be a short satire containing the needed and necessary noted stipulations of protection. The entire prologue at the beginning was the second-to-last part of the book that I wrote.
I created characters as I was writing, based upon ideas in the plot and even solely upon a single expression. And the character names I would come up with were always instantaneous. A scene could evolve when I’d remember some jargon from back in the day, and I’d tell myself, I’ve got to find some way to work that into the story!
As a result, I was overcome with ideas. More and more content and thoughts began building in my mind, along with subsequent action. Then more characters, and more ideas from those combinations began pouring into my head faster than my three-finger and one-thumb typing style could keep up with. I had untold hours of information in my head that needed to be made record of, and I could produce only a few pages per day. My excitement with the accumulating results was overcoming—it was like fuel on a fire. I stayed with it, in spite of the absence of any previous professional training. My imagination would not give way to the obstacles of ignorance and inexperience, yet I kept on, and kept on, inspired with the results I was achieving with the writing of the story itself. My characters became real to me, and my mental outline was overcome with potentials. Before I knew it, my short story had turned into a real book. Note I said, “mental outline.” I have never written a hardcopy outline for my stories or scenes.
However, life takes its necessary due course and priorities and requirements of survival dictate the interests and efforts of one’s behavior. The writing would have to be put on hold—and I did that intermittently for a period of seven years. 
In October of 2010 after relocating to Kentucky, and by way of introduction through friends of family, a published writer read a personal letter of appreciation I had forwarded to her and afterward made a point to ask me if I had ever considered writing professionally. My wife and I stared at one another, looking quite obvious, and we told her about Tibby. After her review of my synopsis, she said she believed I had genuine talent and potential and that I must pursue this book, because I really had something great here.
My motivation was instantly reinstated. That is when the excitement for my writing became fully ignited. Through her sincere coaxing and a few pointers given, I worked to better establish a foundation and starting point. I rewrote everything I had done and changed the opening scene with action and dialogue. Once I shared my results on Tibby, she was very intrigued with the story and said, “Oh, my gosh, you’ve got two books here …” So I split my manuscript in half, or there about, and knew exactly what the title of the second book was going to be as related to the plot established in that part of the storyline. I was off and running with the ideas needed to complete the second book and enter into the third. After that, I had a plan for possible stories for books four and five. It didn’t take long after that I realized my Tibby idea had considerable potential for a series. One can only hope.
That is where I am today as a result of a ten-year-old idea, some humble talent, a little outside inspiration, a whole lot of work, and an immeasurable amount of faith. But beyond it all, the success of any writing and a budding promise of its acceptance by the reading public only come from professional copy editing. Therein did a miracle happen for me when I came in contact with Barbara Brabec, and a special acknowledgement to her is in order for all she has done for me as a new author. She is a blessing I cherish dearly—she makes me want to be a better writer.
<><><> Sneak Preview <><><>
Tibby and the Smugglers’ Hammock
IN MAINTAINING our scheduled monitoring of the manatee, it was time to check on the inlets Tibby had discovered near the entrance of Beggar’s Swamp. Sam had packed us a special picnic lunch for this trip and I decided we might stop off and enjoy it on the little islet where we had discovered the howling tree. 
The meal was wonderful. Sam and I had not yet finished when I happened to notice that Tibby had stopped playing and was standing still at the tip of the small peninsula and staring in the direction of Beggar’s Swamp, intently focused on something in the distance. “Tibby, what’s up buddy … do you see something over at the howling tree?”
He casually turned and said, “Nope, I’m listening to the birds.” I gave no serious interest until he added, “in Beggar’s Swamp.” That comment got my and Sam’s better attention, and we walked to where he was standing. “Tibby, I remember you mentioning something about that the last time we were out here, when we first discovered the howling tree—while we were on the little island, didn’t you?” He just nodded and stayed focused until all three of us were greatly startled and astonished by a disruptive, loud and obnoxious squawk behind us that was quite uncharacteristic of birds in this area. We turned to see a large scarlet macaw parrot with brilliant yellow and blue wings that had landed and perched on the edge of our boat. He was magnificent.
He fluffed his feathers, shook and bobbed his head, then belligerently squawked, “No ‘truzz-passers!” Then he crackled and squawked again, seemingly chattering to himself.
Tibby said, “See, see … I told you.”
Sam pointed in awe. With her mouth full of food, all she could do was stutter and stammer, shaking her finger at the bird as she tried to speak. Finally, swallowing, she said, “That … that’s a macaw for crying out loud.”
I was also stupefied and frozen in place, staring with my mouth gaped open in disbelief. At last I concurred. “Yeah, it’s a macaw all right. But, how… where in the … that’s got to be someone’s pet that got loose or something.”
About that time, the bird squawked again, bowed and reared its head, and repeated, “No ‘truzz-passers!” He continued to chatter and grumble as he paced back and forth on the edge of the johnboat. Instinctively, we began a slight advance and he flew off squawking dramatically.
“Quick! Grab it!” Sam yelled.
Obviously, from where I was standing that was impossible. I drew back, looking at her with a say-what pained expression. “Grab it? Wha … what do you mean, ‘grab it’? Oh, sure, of course … let me flap my arms and warm up for a minute and I’ll fly right after him and do that for you!”
She snickered so hard she doubled over. “Well, I just didn’t want it to get away, that’s all.” Still holding her stomach, “Come on, we’ll go finish our lunch then.”
I peered over my shoulder to watch the spectacular specimen as it flew away, squawking loudly as it disappeared into a dense area of trees adjacent to the entrance of Beggar’s Swamp. Then, Tibby caught my attention. “See, see, I told you there were different birds over there.”
Before I could respond, Sam added, “That’s right, I remember, you did say that.” 
That’s when my perception changed. “Oh, I get it. I thought you were talking about birds that are indigenous in Beggar’s swamp that you could hear but we couldn’t.”
Sam said to Tibby, “Yeah, that’s what I thought you meant.”
Tibby looked in the direction where his hyper senses had been focused. “No, no, these are other birds … a bunch of other birds, like the macaw.
My mind went in multiple directions of thought to the various possibilities. “What is it then, a small breeding colony perhaps? Hmm, now that would be pretty amazing. So, exactly how many do you think you’re hearing Tibby … two, four, maybe even up to a half dozen mating pairs?”
He turned back around and announced, “There’s three-hundred birds there.”
“Three hundred? Naw, no way … impossible!” His remark had astounded me, and at first I thought he was making a joke or playing some kind of game. But then I thought how unfeasible that many birds would be. “Then how come we haven’t seen any more around here besides that one single macaw?”
With a sober and disturbed look he tersely said, “Because that one got away, that’s why.”
<><><>
Visit Author’s Website at AdventuresOfTibby.com

Email Mark at AdventuresOfTibby@gmail.com
